<doc id="19449507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19449507" title="Uliaga Island">
Uliaga Island

Uliaga Island (also spelled "Uliagan", "Ouliaga", and "Ouilliaghui") is the northernmost member of the Islands of the Four Mountains group in the Aleutian Islands of southwestern Alaska. The island's name is probably derived from the Aleut place name "ulaĝa", which is itself derived from "ulaẍ" - "bearberry." The triangular shaped island measures about across and consists of a single stratovolcano cone that reaches a height of . No eruptions have been recorded in historical times, though it is thought to have been active at some time during the Holocene Epoch.
History.
According to writings by Ivan Popov in the 19th century, the southeastern part of Uliaga was home to a small settlement of "thieving, quarrelsome people" in 1764. This settlement was destroyed by Stephen Golottof, a Russian settler who had made his home on Umnak Island, at the request of the natives of the latter island. Today, the island is uninhabited, though tourists to the Islands of Four Mountains group occasionally visit it by boat.
F/V Tae Woong shipwreck.
On May 6, 1987, the "Tae Woong #603", a , 1,500-ton South Korean fishing boat, ran aground on the east side of the island. Although the crew of 49 was quickly rescued by the United States Coast Guard, the ship was too far grounded to be salvageable. Officials worried about the effect the of diesel fuel on the ship, which was leaking from a ruptured fuel tank at a rate of more than per hour, could have on the wildlife in the area (Uliaga and the entire Islands of Four Mountains group are protected as part of the Alaska Maritime National Wildlife Refuge). By the morning of May 8, the ship had leaked well over of oil and a slick spread more than around the vessel, which had acquired a 15-degree list to starboard. Fortunately, the shipwreck had occurred a few weeks before the horned puffin population had returned to the island for the summer, though the leaking fuel could potentially have an impact on the 500,000 to 1 million migratory birds that resided on Chagulak Island, to the west, if not cleaned up quickly. On May 11, the US Office of Response and Restoration and the ship's South Korean owners declared the vessel a total loss and decided to eliminate the oil slick and the remaining fuel on board by blowing it up with high explosives. They concluded that the other option of transferring the remaining fuel on the ship to another vessel would be impossible due to the hazardous navigational conditions around the island and the time that would be required to implement the plan. The ship was detonated on May 13 and the slick and remaining fuel were successfully eliminated. The wreck was determined to be the result of navigational error.

</doc>
<doc id="19449508" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19449508" title="All the Magic">
All the Magic

All the Magic is the second album by Lester Bowie recorded for ECM. It was released in 1982 as a double LP with the first disc consisting of band performances and a second disc of solo trumpet improvisations by Bowie.
Reception.
The Allmusic review by Scott Yanow awarded the album 3 stars stating "All in all, this two-fer shows off both Lester Bowie's playing abilities and his sense of humor.".
Track listing.
Disc One
Disc Two

</doc>
<doc id="19449541" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19449541" title="Abe Springs, Florida">
Abe Springs, Florida

Abe Springs is an unincorporated community in Calhoun County, Florida, United States. It is located along County Road 275 south of State Road 20 and northwest of State Road 71.

</doc>
<doc id="19449557" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19449557" title="Upper Holmesburg, Philadelphia">
Upper Holmesburg, Philadelphia

Upper Homlmesburg is a neighborhood in Northeast Philadelphia. It is located along the Delaware River and Pennypack Creek, from Frankford Avenue to Willits Road.

</doc>
<doc id="19449569" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19449569" title="Broad Branch, Florida">
Broad Branch, Florida

Broad Branch is an unincorporated community in Calhoun County, Florida, United States. The community is located at the west end of County Road 392, and is named for a tributary to Cypress Creek.

</doc>
<doc id="19449592" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19449592" title="Winchester Park, Philadelphia">
Winchester Park, Philadelphia

Winchester Park is a neighborhood in Northeast Philadelphia. It is located in the vicinity of Pennypack Park, north and west of Holmesburg.
It is a neighborhood of single family homes. The first part of the development, on Winchester Avenue between Albion Street and 75' east of Holmehurst Ave was built in 1940. The remainder of the area was built between 1947- 1955. In 1955 St Jerome R.C. Church, was built at Colfax and Stamford Streets. It is the parish that serves the area. The zip code is 19136. Winchester Park's boundaries are Holme Avenue, Welsh Road and Rhawn Street. 

</doc>
<doc id="19449594" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19449594" title="Eufala, Florida">
Eufala, Florida

Eufala is an unincorporated community in Calhoun County, Florida, United States.

</doc>
<doc id="19449608" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19449608" title="Black Lung Inner City Choir">
Black Lung Inner City Choir

The Black Lung Inner City Choir is a trio that was formed in Taiwan, by three Canadian musicians. 
The Black Lung Inner City Choir was formed in 2003 in Taichung, Taiwan by Nick Fothergill, Pat Reid, and Brad Whitmore. They have since played over 300 live shows in Taiwan, Canada, and other parts of Asia. It has been 3 years since The Black Lung Inner City Choir released their debut album "If I Leave For home".
Discography.
If I Leave For Home. PNB Publishing, 2005.
The album features one song sung by the band in Mandarin Chinese and Taiwanese. It also features collaboration with a singer from the Amis tribe who accompanies the band in her native language. She recites a love poem in her native language over the beginning of a track and then joins in the harmony for the rest of the tune. She also recorded an a cappella number in her native language for the album.
References.
The Black Lung Inner City Choir's debut release "If I Leave For Home" is in CBC Radio Canada's national music library and is available for play on all CBC national networks. 
The Black Lung Inner City Choir was the feature of CBC Radio's "Fresh Air" on August 5, 2006. The show was from 8am to 830 am. 
The Black Lung Inner City Choir performed at TaiwanFest, the largest non-profit dedicated to promoting Taiwanese culture in North America. http://taiwanfest.ca/events/tcf08/toronto/programs/blacklung.php
China Post Feature: http://www.taipeitimes.com/News/feat/archives/2008/09/19/2003423556
CBC Radio Canada International Feature: http://www.rcinet.ca/rci/ch/dossiers/65423.shtml

</doc>
<doc id="19449626" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19449626" title="Coalition for Economic Survival">
Coalition for Economic Survival

The Coalition for Economic Survival, or CES is a grassroots, non-profit community organization.
CES works in the greater Los Angeles area in working to influence policy makers to improve the lives of low and moderate income people.
History.
CES' first organizing campaigns focused on transportation, utilities, affordable food and employment issues. These campaigns were a success because they stopped an increase in bus fare and utility rate increases and lowered milk prices.
In the 1970s, when housing rental costs went up, CES began to focus on tenant's rights, rent control and the preservation of affordable housing for everyone.
Accomplishments.
CES' other self-proclaimed accomplishments include:
Issues and activities.
CES organizes low and moderate income tenants of privately owned rental housing units, including both federally subsidized and non-subsidized units, who are at face slum conditions, including lead hazards, proposed demolitions or renovations, illegal evictions and owners' desires to opt-out of federally subsidized rental housing programs. With the rise in property prices in Southern California, the supply and quality of housing that is affordable less common. There is also a significant increase in landlord and property developer attempts to demolish affordable housing to build luxury units or to substantially renovate existing affordable housing in order to get higher-paying tenants.
In this regard, CES educates, trains and supports tenants to bring together tenants in threatened affordable housing together with tenants in slum and HUD housing to create a larger lobby in preservation of healthy, safe and decent affordable housing. CES also organizes tenants to stop unjust evictions and rent increases, and force landlords to make repairs where needed.
Some of the programs are:

</doc>
<doc id="19449645" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19449645" title="Iolee, Florida">
Iolee, Florida

Iolee is an unincorporated community in Calhoun County, Florida, United States.

</doc>
<doc id="19449652" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19449652" title="Patthe Bapurao">
Patthe Bapurao

Patthe Bapurao (November 11, 1868–December 22, 1941) was a Marathi singer-poet in the Tamasha musical theatre genre. He also composed severals Vags, dramatic and humorous skits, which were also popular.
Biography.
Born on November 11, 1868 as Shridhar Krishna Kulkarni in a typical Maharashtrian Brahmin family, he married the courtesan Pawala and became one of the most popular performers of early twentieth century. In his memory,Patthe Bapurao Street is a name given to a street in Redlight area of South Mumbai (Falkland Road, Foras road near Alfred cinema). A movie has been made after him, and several streets are named for him in Mumbai and other Indian cities. 
The name is also written Bapurav.
He died on December 22, 1941.

</doc>
<doc id="19449668" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19449668" title="Nathan Gold">
Nathan Gold

Nathan Gold (December 8, 1663 – October 3, 1723), was an American colonial leader and deputy governor of the Colony of Connecticut from 1708 until his death in 1723.
Biography.
Gold was the only son of Major Nathan and Sarah Phippen Gold and succeeded to the paternal estate in Fairfield, Connecticut. On October 29, 1650, he married Hannah Talcott, daughter of Major John and Helena Wakeman Talcott, who were early founders of Hartfodrd, Connecticut. He and Hannah had six children, Abigail, John, Nathan, Samuel, Hezekiah, and Sarah. Hannah died on March 28, 1696. He married Sarah Burr Cook about 1698. He and Sarah had five children, Sarah, Onesimus, David, Martha, and Joseph. His wife, Sarah, died on October 17, 1711. 
Career.
Gold served the Colony in various offices. He was Ensign of the Fairfield trainband in April, 1690 and Capt. in Oct., 1695. He was Deputy Governor from 1708 to 1723. He also served as Chief Justice of the Supreme Court in 1712.
Death.
Gold died on October 3, 1723, and is interred at the Old Burying Ground, Fairfield, Fairfield County, Connecticut. 

</doc>
<doc id="19449669" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19449669" title="Leonards, Florida">
Leonards, Florida

Leonards is an unincorporated community in Calhoun County, Florida, United States. It is located along State Road 71 near Calhoun County Airport

</doc>
<doc id="19449672" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19449672" title="Domains of Darkover">
Domains of Darkover

Domains of Darkover is an anthology of fantasy and science fiction short stories edited by Marion Zimmer Bradley. The stories are set in Bradley's world of Darkover. The book was first published by DAW Books (No. 810) in March, 1990.

</doc>
<doc id="19449675" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19449675" title="StarRoc">
StarRoc

StarRoc is an American record label and music publishing company. It was founded in 2008 by American hip hop artist Jay-Z and Norwegian songwriters-producers Mikkel S. Eriksen and Tor Erik Hermansen of the production duo Stargate. The label is a 50/50 partnership between Stargate and Jay-Z's Roc Nation entertainment company, which he signed in the same year to Live Nation. StarRoc is headquartered at Jay-Z's recording studio, Roc the Mic, in Manhattan, New York City, United States.

</doc>
<doc id="19449683" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19449683" title="Hayley Bowden">
Hayley Bowden

Haylen Rose Bowden (née Moorwood; born 13 February 1984), is a women's association footballer who has represented New Zealand at international level and currently plays for Lincoln Ladies in the FA WSL.
Club career.
In 2003 and 2004, Bowden played varsity soccer for Southwest Baptist University in Missouri. She represented Virginia Commonwealth University in 2005, scoring three goals in 23 appearances.
Bowden played most of her club football in New Zealand before signing a one year deal with Chelsea for the 2011 FA WSL season. In 2013, she joined Lincoln Ladies.
International career.
Bowden scored on her Football Ferns debut, a 15–0 victory over Samoa on 7 April 2003, and represented New Zealand at the 2007 FIFA Women's World Cup finals in China, where they lost to Brazil 0–5, Denmark (0–2) and China (0–2).
Bowden was also included in the New Zealand squad for the 2008 Summer Olympic games where they drew with Japan (2–2) before losing to Norway (0–1) and Brazil (0–4).
Bowden earned her 50th cap for New Zealand in a 3–0 win over Scotland as they progressed to the Cyprus Cup final on 1 March 2010, becoming only the fourth New Zealand woman to reach the milestone.
She went on to surpass Wendi Henderson's record for New Zealand women's international appearances when she earned her 65th cap against Colombia on 19 June 2011.
Personal life.
Bowden's husband is New Zealand rugby union player Daniel Bowden. She accompanied him when he left New Zealand to join London Irish.

</doc>
<doc id="19449684" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19449684" title="Bartram Village, Philadelphia">
Bartram Village, Philadelphia

Bartram Village is a small neighborhood in Southwest Philadelphia. It is located in the vicinity of South 56th Street and Lindbergh Boulevard. The neighborhood takes its name from noted botanist John Bartram, whose historical home and gardens, Bartram's Garden, are located nearby. Bartram's Garden, also known as the John Bartram House, is a National Historic Landmark.
Bartram Village is a housing project located at 54th Street & Elmwood Avenue, located in the Southwest section of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.
See also.
Bartram's Garden

</doc>
<doc id="19449688" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19449688" title="Bobby Jones (outfielder)">
Bobby Jones (outfielder)

Robert Oliver Jones (born October 11, 1949 in Elkton, Maryland) is a former Major League Baseball outfielder. He played all or part of nine seasons in the majors from until . He also played two seasons in Japan for the Chunichi Dragons in and . In Nov 2013, Bobby Jones became a coach for the Texas Rangers. 
Jones was drafted by the Washington Senators in the 36th round of the 1967 Major League Baseball Draft. He spent the next seven seasons with the organization, during which time they became the Texas Rangers, and debuted in the major leagues with them. During the season, the Rangers waived him, and he was claimed by the California Angels, for whom he played two seasons. He was released by the Angels before the season, and he signed with the Chunichi Dragons, for whom he played two seasons as well. He returned to the Rangers in , and finished his major league career with them in 1986.
Since his retirement, Jones has continued to be employed within the Rangers organization. His managing career began in with the Charlotte Rangers. He managed the team to the Florida State League championship in . He also won a league championship with the Tulsa Drillers (). Other than and , when he was a coach for the big-league club, Jones has managed at some level of the Rangers' farm system. In , he managed the Triple-A Oklahoma City RedHawks.
Jones is the 89ers/RedHawks franchise's winningest manager (568 wins through 2008) and is the Rangers' all-time minor league leader with 1,285 victories (through 2008). He led the RedHawks to the division title in , , , and 2008, and the American Conference title in 2008. He was also presented the 2008 Mike Coolbaugh Award for "outstanding baseball work ethic, knowledge of the game, and skill in mentoring young players on the field."

</doc>
<doc id="19449689" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19449689" title="McNeal, Florida">
McNeal, Florida

McNeal is an unincorporated community in Calhoun County, Florida, United States. It is located southeast of Blountstown on the northwest bank of the Apalachicola River, and is the eastern terminus of the Blountstown Greenway Bike Path, a rail-trail that was once part of the Marianna and Blountstown Railroad.

</doc>
<doc id="19449712" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19449712" title="Heydar Huseynov">
Heydar Huseynov

Dr. Heydar Najaf oglu Huseynov (Azeri: "Heydər Hüseynov") (3 April 1908, Erivan – 15 August 1950, Baku) was an Azerbaijani philosopher and academician.
Life.
Huseynov was born in Erivan (present-day Yerevan, Armenia) into the petty bourgeois family of Haji Najaf Karbalai Huseynoglu and his wife Mashadi Gulsum, being the youngest of their six children. His father died shortly after Heydar's birth. After their eldest son Yusif was killed in an ethnic conflict in 1918, the family moved first to Batumi, then to Stavropol, until they finally settled in Baku where he received secondary education, graduated from the Azerbaijan State Pedagocical Institute with a degree in linguistics in 1931 and a Candidate of Sciences degree in philosophy. He was fluent in Persian. Beginning in 1932, Huseynov taught philosophy at various postsecondary institutions and published his works "Dialectical Materialism" (1935) and "Dialects and metaphysics" (1939) in Azeri. From 1936 on, he was involved in the publishing of the Azerbaijani Soviet Encyclopædia and in 1940 he became head of the project. He was the editor of the four-volume Russian-Azeri Dictionary, for which he was awarded Stalin Prize, the highest ranking award in the Soviet Union at the time. In 1944, he was appointed Chairman of the Presidium of the National Academy of Sciences of Azerbaijan. Almost simultaneously Huseynov wrote his fundamental 733-page work entitled "On the history of Azerbaijani phisolophical and sociopolitical thought in the nineteenth century" (it was published in 1948). His work was recognised with him being granted a doctoral degree along with being promoted to Professor of Marxism-Leninism. In addition, he was awarded with his second Stalin Prize in March 1950. Overall Huseynov wrote around 100 scientific works, mostly having to do with Azerbaijani literary thought.
Criticism and death.
Despite immediate positive recognition of his prize-winning work, Huseynov's work was met with criticism by the Communist Party organs in May 1950. Huseynov was accused of presenting muridism, a philosophical Sufi movement in the Caucasus in the mid-19th century, and specifically its propagator Imam Shamil, in the preface to his book as a "progressive democratic national liberation phenomenon (...) contrary to Marxist ideas and (...) the movement's reactionist and nationalist nature that served the interests of the English capitalism and the Turkish sultan." Upon reviewing the monograph, the Committee for Stalin Prize in the field of literature and arts forwarded its observations to the Council of Ministers of the Soviet Union and as a result, Huseynov was stripped off his award. Huseynov was excluded from the Communist Party and laid off from the Academy of Sciences. Unable to deal with criticism from the state organs and his own colleagues and foreseeing his arrest, Huseynov committed suicide by slicing his veins on 15 August, 1950.

</doc>
<doc id="19449717" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19449717" title="Martynivka Treasure">
Martynivka Treasure

Martynivka Treasure (, ) is a hoard consisting of about 120 silver items of 400-900 probe found in Martynivka (Russian: Martynovka) village (now Cherkasy Oblast, Ukraine) in 1909. The treasure is kept in the Historical Treasures Museum at Kiev Pechersk Lavra. It is dated approximately 6th to 7th centuries AD.
Historians proposed several hypotheses of which culture this treasure could have belonged. The most popular hypothesis connects this hoard with Penkovo culture of Antes.
The hoard includes, in particular, four anthropomorphic silver figurines of 'dancing men' (Ukrainian newspapers sometimes refer to them as 'aliens' for their unusual appearance), five animal figurines, three fingel fibulas, six armlets, forehead wreaths, earlets, temple rings, neck decoration, etc.
The style of figurines is sometimes considered as influenced by Huns, Bulgars or Avars.

</doc>
<doc id="19449718" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19449718" title="John Dale (writer)">
John Dale (writer)

John Dale (born 15 January, 1953 in Sydney, New South Wales) is an Australian author of crime fiction and true crime books. He completed a Doctorate of Creative Arts at the University of Technology, Sydney, in 1999, and subsequently joined the UTS writing Program where he is Professor of Writing and Director of the UTS Centre for New Writing.
He is the author of six books including the best-selling Huckstepp and two crime novels "Dark Angel" and "The Dogs Are Barking", published with Serpents Tail Press in the UK, and a memoir, "Wild Life", an investigation into the fatal shooting of his grandfather in 1940s Tasmania. He has edited two anthologies, "Out West" and "Car Lovers", and co-edited a third anthology, "Best on Ground", on Australian Rules football. His novel, "Leaving Suzie Pye", was published in 2010 and translated into Turkish. His latest novella "Plenty" was published in 2013. He has been a judge of several major Australian literary awards and his essays, reviews and non-fiction have appeared in a wide variety of journals and newspapers. His research and teaching areas include narrative fiction, creative non-fiction, crime narratives and the novella.
Bibliography.
Novels.
Novellas

</doc>
<doc id="19449721" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19449721" title="Clearview, Philadelphia">
Clearview, Philadelphia

Clearview is a neighborhood in Southwest Philadelphia. It is located from South 78th Street to South 84th Street, east of Cobbs Creek to Lindbergh Boulevard.
Education.
Free Library of Philadelphia operates the Eastwick Branch, which serves Clearview and other subdivisions, at 2581 Island Avenue.

</doc>
<doc id="19449723" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19449723" title="Ocheesee Landing, Florida">
Ocheesee Landing, Florida

Ocheesee Landing is an unincorporated community in Calhoun County, Florida, United States. It is located north of Blountstown and east of Altha on the west bank of the Apalachicola River,

</doc>
<doc id="19449727" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19449727" title="Glenbrook Tunnel (1892)">
Glenbrook Tunnel (1892)

The Glenbrook Tunnel (1892) is a single-gauge railway tunnel, originally part of the 1892 single-track deviation, which bypassed the Lapstone Zig Zag across the Blue Mountains, New South Wales, Australia. It is approximately long and is constructed in an 'S' shape with a gradient of 1:33.
The tunnel was built to the east of Glenbrook and opened on 18 December 1892. Due to the steep gradient, seepage keeping the rails wet causing slippage, poor ventilation and planned duplication of the track, plans were drawn up to bypass the steep route. Trains commonly stalled in the tunnel for some time before having to back the locomotive out of the tunnel for another attempt. The tunnel was closed on 25 September 1913, and was utilised for growing mushrooms. In 1942, during World War II, the Royal Australian Air Force (RAAF) stockpiled bulk mustard gas stocks in preparation for a possible Japanese chemical weapons attack. The facility was known as "No. 2 Sub Depot" of "No. 1 Central Reserve RAAF" and was vacated by the RAAF after the war. It features in the "Alcatraz Down Under" episode of "Cities of the Underworld" on the History Channel. Its past secret history has been revealed by Geoff Plunkett.

</doc>
<doc id="19449732" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19449732" title="Tryin' To Live My Life Without You">
Tryin' To Live My Life Without You

"Tryin' To Live My Life Without You" is a song written by Eugene Williams, originally popularized by soul singer Otis Clay. It has since been covered by several other artists, most notably Bob Seger on his 1981 "Nine Tonight" album, and Brinsley Schwarz.
Writing.
The song is sung from the point of view of a man who is addressing his former lover. During the song's verses the narrator tells of various habits he has had over his lifetime, such as smoking "five packs of cigarettes a day" and drinking "four or five bottles of wine." In the prechorus, he states that breaking those former habits was difficult, but not nearly as difficult as getting over the girl and forgetting the love they shared.
Seger's Version.
Seger's cover of the song is the most successful version of the song, reaching number five on the pop singles charts. It is known for Seger's spoken prelude on top of the bassline: "Alright, you guys feel funky tonight? ... This is an old Memphis song, old Memphis song..." The "Nine Tonight" liner notes claim that Seger's saxophone player, Alto Reed, played all the saxophones heard on that song, at the same time. Most likely this is possible from studio overdubbing on top of the live performance.
Seger has claimed that he recorded the song to show how the Eagles stole the song's melody in their song "The Long Run". Seger highlights the similarities between the two songs in the arrangement his version, in the bassline especially.

</doc>
<doc id="19449733" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19449733" title="Saint Vincent's College">
Saint Vincent's College

Saint Vincent’s College ("Colegio de San Vicente" in Spanish and abbreviated as SVC) is the oldest and the most recognized higher education institution in Zamboanga del Norte, Philippines. Situated in the heart of Dipolog City, SVC is a private non-sectarian, non-stock and non-profit institution duly approved and authorized by the Department of Education and the Commission on Higher Education to offer course programs from kindergarten to post-graduate levels.
SVC is the first institution in the Province of Zamboanga del Norte granted government authority and recognition to offer a doctorate degree. Alumni and students of the College are referred to as "Vincentians".
History.
Saint Vincent's College, with its address at Padre Ramon St., Estaka, Dipolog City, Zamboanga del Norte, Philippines, was founded on June l7, 1917, incorporated on June 20, 1917, and finally organized on July 20, 1917. It was first called the Dipolog Parochial School with the following Jesuit priests as the first incorporators and officers of the school administration: Bishop Ralph Curam DD. Rev. Fr. Francisco Garcia, Rev. Fr. Manuel Valles, Rev. Fr. Eliseo Gil, Rev. Fr. Hobac, and Rev. Fr. Handueza.
In 1932, Fr. Eduardo Aniceto, the new Director reorganized the school to cope with the standards prescribed by the Secretary of Education, working for a government recognition to operate a complete elementary school. The seventh grade was added to the general intermediate course on May 31, 1938.
The community worked for the establishment of a catholic high school that would train and prepare the youth for academic, moral and spiritual responsibilities. Fr. Benigno Dagani, S.J., a Filipino priest together with the Board of Directors, asked help from the Bishop, Msgr. Luis del Rosario, S.J., D.D., for the establishment of a catholic high school. The institution was named Saint Vincent’s School, in honor of St. Vincent Ferrer, the second Patron Saint of the City. In order to give equity to young girls of Dipolog, the girls’ department was established. The headship of the school was taken over by a new director, Rev. Fr. Pio J. Saavedra.
In 1947, Rev. Fr. Engracio S. Rivera, a clergy, was appointed Director. He gave the school motto, “Induamor Arma Lucis”, meaning “Let us clad ourselves with the armor of light”. The college level was established with the end in view of raising the academic standards. Permit was granted to open first year of Junior Normal College Course, first year pre-law, and first year Education Course on June 18, 1947. It became Saint Vincent’s College on February 28, 1950.
The College endured financial difficulties from 1952 to 1960. In the summer of 1960, a 37-year-old priest from Sevilla Bohol, Rev. Fr. Constancio P. Mesiona, arrived to take over the new directorship of the College. Rev. Fr. Mesiona graduated Magna Cum Laude for his Seminary course and for his master's at the San Jose Seminary, Manila. He earned his Doctor of Canon Law (J.C.D.) at the Universidad Pontifica de Comillas in Santander, Spain.
In 1963, a separate Accounting Office was created. Each department became independent from the other departments. Gonzales type buildings, which are still existing these days, were built one after another, replacing old structures. Qualified teachers were hired to teach their major fields of specialization, and books and laboratory equipment were purchased. Musical instruments were acquired to equip the newly organized Saint Vincent’s College Orchestra, the best in Mindanao at the time.
In 1967, Bishop Felix Zafra assumed as Bishop of Dipolog and as the President of Saint Vincent’s College. He had served in that capacity until his transfer to Bohol in 1987.
During the seventies, more courses were offered and recognized. On July 2, 1975, the Master of Arts (M.A.) in Education as well as the Master in Business Administration (MBA) were recognized. The M.A.T.E.A. as well as the opening of the second year of B.S. in Kindergarten were given permit on May 22, 1978.
Fr. Mesiona built more buildings to accommodate the growing student population. The present Administration Building was built from his retirement pay. During his term, the Bachelor of Science in Accountancy, Master of Public Administration (M.P.A.), and Doctor of Educational Management (E.M.D.) were recognized.
Upon the demise of Fr. Mesiona on April 3, 1995 at the age of 72 after serving the institution for 35 years, Bishop Jose R. Manguiran, the incumbent President, took over the reins as the College Director. On June, 1996, Fr. Beda B. Belotindos was appointed to act as Director for three years. By June, 1999, a new structure was adopted with the appointment of three Vice Presidents, namely: Rev. Fr. Bienvenido E. Hamoy, VP for Finance; Dr. Alfreda B. Calamba, VP for Administration; and Dr. Jose M. Baloria, Jr., VP for Academics and secretary. Rev. Fr. Greg B. Canonigo, Seminary Director and Dr. Gaudiosa M. Ochotorena, Dean of Graduate School, complete the Board of Trustees.
The school opened the courses of Bachelor of Science in Computer Engineering and Bachelor of Science in Electronics and Communication Engineering on May 22, 2000.
The present administration created the Office of Alumni Affairs chaired by Dr. Bebita H. Esparaguera who initiated the revival of the alumni association, which has lain dormant since 1964. A group of dedicated alumni headed by Atty. Uldarico B. Mejorada and retired Judge Juanito A. Bernad who were subsequently elected President and Vice President, respectively, drafted the Constitution and By-laws of the Saint Vincent’s College Alumni Association, Inc.
On October 1, 2000, the alumni officers, directors, and members in attendance were inducted into office in a fitting ceremony held at the new Millennium Building.
References.
http://dipologcity.com/SchoolsSVC.htm, http://www.mb.com.ph/issues/2006/11/13/SCAU2006111379325.html, http://www.ched.gov.ph/hei_dir/HEIDirJan2008/jan8Region09.pdf

</doc>
<doc id="19449734" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19449734" title="Ocheeseulga, Florida">
Ocheeseulga, Florida

Ocheeseulga is an unincorporated community in Calhoun County, Florida, United States.

</doc>
<doc id="19449741" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19449741" title="Pine Island, Calhoun County, Florida">
Pine Island, Calhoun County, Florida

Pine Island is an unincorporated community in Calhoun County, Florida, United States. It is located on State Road 69 north of Blountstown.
Pine Island was built upon wetlands of Simmons Creek, a tributary on the west bank of the Apalachicola River.

</doc>
<doc id="19449782" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19449782" title="Qaradolaq">
Qaradolaq

Qaradolaq may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19449787" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19449787" title="William Gustav of Anhalt-Dessau">
William Gustav of Anhalt-Dessau

William Gustav of Anhalt-Dessau (Dessau, 20 June 1699 – Dessau, 16 December 1737), was a German prince of the House of Ascania and heir to the principality of Anhalt-Dessau.
He was the eldest son of Leopold I, Prince of Anhalt-Dessau, by his morganatic wife Anna Louise Föhse.
Life.
In 1706 the eight-year-old William Gustav was appointed a captain and accompanied his father in his campaign against France in 1712. In 1713 he obtained the post of chief of the Prussian regiment of "gene d'armes". In 1719 he participated in the Turk's War in Hungary. Between 1734 and 1735 he served under Prince Eugene of Savoy as a volunteer in the war against France.
Marriage and issue.
William Gustav fell in love with Johanna Sophia Herre (surname Herr or Herrin according to some sources) (b. Dessau, 8 July 1706 - d. Dessau, 5 June 1795), a commoner. They married secretly in Dessau on the night of 14 March 1726, after which she lived in Kleckewitz. They had nine children:
In 1737, during Johanna Sophia's ninth and last pregnancy, William Gustav came down with smallpox and, wanting to see her before his death, he had her and his eldest son brought to Dessau, revealed the secret marriage and children to his father, and entrusted their care to him. Prince Leopold raised the eldest son at his court and gave a secret pension to the widow and her other children in Kleckewitz. Leopold was succeeded by his younger son Leopold Maximiliam, who gave his brother's widow a house in Dessau and obtained for his children from the Emperor the title of "Counts of Anhalt" on 19 September 1749, without any rights of succession.
At the same time, King Frederick II of Prussia raised the two illegitimate sons whom William Gustav sired with one "Henriette Marianne Schardius" to the rank of nobility with the surname "of Anhalt":

</doc>
<doc id="19449798" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19449798" title="Mount Moriah, Philadelphia">
Mount Moriah, Philadelphia

Mount Moriah is a neighborhood in Southwest Philadelphia, east of Cobbs Creek in the vicinity of Kingsessing Avenue. 
The neighborhood shares it name with the Mount Moriah Cemetery which was founded next to Cobs Creek in 1855.
The Joseph W. Catharine School was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.

</doc>
<doc id="19449800" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19449800" title="HRR 98.5FM">
HRR 98.5FM

HRR 98.5FM is a hard rock/heavy metal show on radio broadcasting from the studio of 2000FM from the suburb of Burwood, Australia.
History.
HRR first aired on April 13, 2008. It was born out of frustration over the lack of hard rock music in the Sydney radio landscape.
Interviews.
The HRR Team have interviewed the following bands:
Interviews are usually placed on the a few days after the broadcast of the show.
Fans/listeners.
Regular listeners SMS the show via their mobile phones with their comments and views and frustrations with the HRR Team regarding the lack of overseas bands touring Australia. Overseas listeners tune into the show via streaming online on the after 10pm Sydney AEST on Sunday night.

</doc>
<doc id="19449846" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19449846" title="John Ochsendorf">
John Ochsendorf

John Ochsendorf (born 1974) is a structural engineer and historian of construction; since 2002 he has been an associate professor of Civil and Environmental Engineering and Architecture at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology. He is most widely known for becoming a MacArthur Fellow in 2008.
Early years and education.
Ochsendorf grew up in Elkins, West Virginia; he was educated at Elkins High School, Cornell University, Princeton University, and the University of Cambridge. He also studied in Spain under the Fulbright Program.
Career.
Ochsendorf is known for using architecture and engineering to study and restore ancient structures and sometimes draws upon ancient building methods for the benefit of modern construction. He has studied Incan simple suspension bridges and the earthquake-worthiness of Gothic cathedrals. Ochensdorf currently serves on MIT's Presidential Committee on Distinguished Fellowships, together with Rebecca Saxe and Kimberly Benard.

</doc>
<doc id="19449848" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19449848" title="Freeze thaw resistance">
Freeze thaw resistance

Freeze thaw resistance, or freezeing and thawing resistance, is the property of solids to resist cyclic freezing and melting.

</doc>
<doc id="19449863" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19449863" title="Paschall, Philadelphia">
Paschall, Philadelphia

Paschall is a neighborhood in Southwest Philadelphia, in the U.S. state of Pennsylvania. It is located in the vicinity of Cobbs Creek Park and Chester Avenue.
The William J. Tilden Junior High School was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.
Kevin Paschall, drummer for the band MOSS, lives near Paschall, Philadelphia.

</doc>
<doc id="19449872" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19449872" title="Pojulu people">
Pojulu people

The Pojulu ethnic groups are of the savanna lands in the White Nile Valley, in the Equatoria region of South Sudan. They are Nilotic peoples and part of the Karo people — which also includes Bari, Mundari, Kakwa, Kuku, and Nyangwara.
The Pojulu differentiate into smaller clans of Nyori, Morsak, Goduck, Lobora, Mulusuk, Pirisa, Malari, Mankaro and a few other smaller ones. The population of the Pojulu is estimated to be 950,000 persons.
Geography.
The majority of the Pojulu population are located in Lainya county of Central Equatoria state, including Mukaya Payam. The Pojulu are also found in Juba and Yei counties of the state. Pojulu people also occupy the area from Lainya to Kagwada, Kopera, Jamara and Mukaya.
The name Pojulu is derived from several sources. The Pojulu can be differentiated in the way all Bari speakers pronounce words, the way all other Bari speakers say their greetings, and the way each group socialize — such as along the roads from Juba up to Lainya and from Lainya to Bereka and Wonduruba.
The environment in Central Equatoria is typically tropical. There can be arid periods with less rain. The neighbouring tribes are Bari to the east, Nyangwara to the north, Kakwa to the south, Mundu to the west, and Avukaya to the northwest.
Language.
The Pojulu people speak the Kutuk na Pojulu language, as other Karo people, but with particular dialectic variation which highlights the difference between the Pojulu among the Karo. This Bari language has some distinct variations linked to people’s daily activities and traditions that have evolved over time from these experiences.
History.
There is little knowledge about the origin of the Pojulu as a people, and their relation to the Bari and other Bari-speaking ethnic groups.
According to the 'Toposa Traditional History', the Bari Speaking people of who the Pojulu are an off shoot, are believed to have originated in the Kidepo Valley in the Kapoeta region. These Bari speaking people were however, forced out of Kapoeta and moved south and west by the Toposa who are also believed to have migrated from Masindi port in Uganda. Being strong warriors, the Toposa raided and fought the Bari speaking groups and took their girls, boys, women, and stock animals.
Therefore, the roots of the Pojulu community were traced through the use of linguistics and oral traditions to Bari ancestors in Kapoeta. The present Pojulu people are therefore pure descendents of in-common Bari ancestors through kinship. The present Toposa live in the Kidepo Valley, where the Pojulu originated. Statistically, the 21st-century Pojulu population is over 1.5 million people (2004 estimate).
In the past, the Pojulu forged a rare alliance with Moro, Mundu against the marauding Azande armies. This cut off the main Azande force and led to the formation of the Makaraka.
Ancestral dispersion.
The common ancestor of Bari groups was called Julu Lo Jululon. The dispersion of the Bari group from Kapoeta region might have been caused by several factors, which include:
1. Tribal wars in Kapoeta.
2. Drought which made people move about looking for water, food and pasture for their cattle and large tracts of land for agriculture..
3. Population explosion.
This common Julu Lo Jululon ancestor, together with all his people followed the Nile and settled along the Eastern Bank of the White Nile. From here a second dispersion took place possibly due to pressure for more land. It is from here where the Pojulu (are believed to have) declared their independence from the major Bari group, broke away, crossed the Nile westwards and continued their journey up to Gumbiri near the present geographical zone.
In the Gumbiri area, a third or final dispersion of the Pojulu people took place probably due to power struggle or lack of enough agricultural land. then, finally the Pojulu settled down in their present geographical locations. This was before the European Scramble for Africa.
The pre-history of the genesis of the Pojulu people originating from Kapoeta is illustrated by the similarities in the studies of linguistics and oral histories of the Toposa, Bari and the Pojulu peoples. These three groups have similar words in their languages:
Agriculture.
The Pojulu economy is predominantly agrarian. The majority of Pojulu people are peasants practicing mixed farming: subsistence agriculture in which the main crops are cassava, sorghum, maize, simsim, groundnut, wheat, sweet potatoes, cabbages, beans, onions, tomatoes, ((Okra))etc. The pojulu keep goats, sheep, few pigs, chicken, ducks and cattle in some suitable areas due to the prevalence of tsetse fly which rendered cattle herding very difficult.
The Loka Plantation Teak forest is the largest teak plantation in Africa. The planted forest reserves within the Pojulu area are at Kawale, Lijo, Loka West, and Nuni.
Agrarian Economy.
The Pojulu Economy depends largely on subsistence production. It is an economy which aims to meeting the daily food needs of the Pojulu community. Activities range from reliance on animal husbandry to total dependence on crop production. The Pojulu use human labor combined with the most elementary tools locally made. This primitive mode of production has always dominated the lives of the Pojulu.
The Pojulu grow both staple and cash crops. The staple crops are for consumption and include cassava, sesame, maize, beans, various, and groundnuts. The cash crops include tobacco, cotton, coffee, and timber.
The Pojulu are not sophisticated in agricultural implements. They use local agricultural tools made locally by their own blacksmiths, using scrap iron. The local blacksmiths produce tools such as hoes, sickles, axes, arrows, spears, and knives.
Animal wealth in Pojulu land includes goats, sheep, chickens, and cattle. They are raised for food, marriage doweries, and as 'animal cash crops' earning the Pojulu money to enable them to purchase other goods and services.
The Pojulu practice “Mole” – a type of collective farming where a group of people between 5–10 or more are called to clear a field for neighbors or relative in one or two days. Here, a goat is slaughtered and beer is brewed for these people. This system of farming is advantageous. It clears hectares of land just in a day or so. “Lukonin” is also practiced, where two or more people agree to work in their farms on rotational basis. This system also saves time and effort. Women also do the same during preparation of land for planting and weeding of crops.
Past colonial regimes did nothing to improve the Pojulu reliance on subsistence agriculture. Successive Arab governments since Sudan independence perpetuated this primitive mode of production. The continuous civil wars exacerbated the problems until the 2011 formation of South Sudan. However, despite the practice of subsistence agriculture, the Pojulu never suffered a major famine. There was self-sufficiency in food production for local consumption in the Pojulu community. This food sufficiency is now sustaining the remnants from the civil wars in the Pojulu land.
The Pojulu chiefs play a great role in encouraging agricultural production. In the villages, chiefs pass local orders banning people from coming to the town or local station in the mornings. Bars for “Kwete” can be closed until noon, resulting in morning work at the farms. The chiefs are polygamous. Citizens volunteer to grow food crops for chiefs and their families. Meanwhile during visits to the villages, the chiefs return food to needy families, a 'Pojulu food relief program.'
Culture.
Like other communities, the Pojulu have evolved an oral culture expressed in songs, poems, dance, music, folklore, magic.
Pojulu is the name by which this Bari-speaking ethnic community is known. Pojulu society ascribe to certain norms and values. As with other communities, pojulu is a male dominated society. The eldest male member of the family is entrusted with the responsibility of caring for the rest unless he demonstrates incompetence and irresponsibility.
In most Pojulu areas, the eldest male member are charged with the entire responsibilities of the family or clan and elder daughters are also considered responsible for well-being of the older people. This is one of the reasons that led Pojulu women taking the role of being good carers. The Pojulu of today is different from the Pojulu of 50 years ago.
Marriage.
Marriage begins with courtship and once the prospective bride and groom have decided to marry, the matter is reported to both families for endorsement. Pojulu dowry is in the form of goats, cattle and cash. This is accompanied by celebrations and merriment. It is worth mentioning that pojulu dowry is not settled at a go – even if there were prospects for that. The explanation is to maintain links and relationship between the two families, and during the marriage event there is a whole celebration for the whole relatives which includes dancing, drinking, singing and conversations.
The Pojulu marry to preserve and perpetuate mankind. This is procreation. The pojulu specifically marry to produce children. Provision of services by the wife is secondary. If the new wife fails to conceive within a reasonable length of time, this creates worries and disappointment to the two families. Marriage in the Pojulu takes several methods and steps:
This is a marriage arranged by both parents of a girl and parents of the boy. When both families have agreed to the marriage, then the dowry is paid in installments until it is completed.
This is normally in social, cultural activities. For example, dances, funerals, marriage ceremonies, schools and/or even at homes. Following this, contacts are initiated and in most cases through associates (friends, relatives and/or parents). Through these associates, love messages are transmitted to both parties.
In this stage, the two families or lovers begin to exchange visits to acquaint themselves and/or study each other. Other visits may be followed by exchange of parents which range from pottery, basketry, handcraft, food items, beer, etc. In some instances, songs and praises are constructed to express the feelings by the two parties.
In recognition of the above steps, both families aware of what is happening begin to make necessary arrangements to have the two parties to pronounce their intentions in the presence of the members of the two families, friends and well wishers. This stage is considered the most binding for any meaningful marriage in the Pojulu culture. It is likened to taking of oath. Part of bride wealth is normally settled and once accepted, the occasion is celebrated with drinks, food and dances lasting for days.
Following declaration of marriage, the handing over ceremony is performed. this ceremony is prepared well in advance for the bride to be escorted to her new home. It is a commitment of both families, friends and well wishers. On the part of the bride, the family ensures provision of support for domestic items such as cooking pots, bedding, and other domestic appliances necessary for starting a new home for the bride. Drinks are prepared for this function. On the side of the bridegroom, the family also prepares to receive their son's in-laws and the new bride. This occasion in itself is a big celebration characterized by dances and drinking. In performing this function, the balance of the bride wealth may be settled.
Another important feature in this function following the above, a few days later, is empowermnet. The active player in this process is normally thye mother-in-law through arrangements with the father-in-law of the bride to introduce her to her full responsibilities and to witness for the first time start of the bride eating food prepared by her mother-in-law. This is a long Pojulu tradition that a bride or bridegroom does not eat food in the family where she/he is married to or marrying from until this function is performed. This is believed to be a measure to integrity and respect.
In this kind of marriage, the boy takes the girl by force. It is a marriage that involves a lot of problems between the two families and may cause tribal or clan fights. However, after a heated debate and amicable discussion, marriage may be agreed upon dowry is then paid.
As it is briefly mentioned above, this is the normal and civilized method of marriage. Because choice of this marriage is an affair of both the boy and girl. When the relationship between the boy and the girl become strong, the girl then reveals it to her parents. the boy and girl arer interviewed whether they loved each other and willing to get married. Then, the parents give their approval or rejection. This followed by screening of both families to check whether any one family has social defect or bad social history. Here both the boy and the girl do not eat in either homes and the same thing with the parents in-laws. Marriage is by consent of parents and it is the most advisable and preferable of all marriages.
The main aim of the Pojulu marriage is to produce children. And it is for this reason that the mothers of the girls are advised to be strict on their girls' behaviors and movement. They are advised and coached well to be good housewives and good furure mothers.
In a Pojulu family, there can be 'problems' which make lives of a new married woman uncomfortable. The new wife is kept under suspicion throughout her life in the household:
However, today as a result of effects of modern civilization and the influence of religions such as Christianity, some of these 'problems' have been abandoned.
Immediately after giving birth, the mother of the newly born child is condfined in her hut or room for seven days, but assisted by young children. She will have her meals in the room with the young children while taking care of her new baby. The whole period of her confinement may last 21 days. During this period, other women in the family or co-wives are charged with the responsibility of all the daily services in the house.
This occasion is called "Yiji" in the Pojulu and it is the occasion for giving a name to the newly born-child. This is an occasion in which plenty of food is prepared, e.g. meat, beans, variety of oils, beer, etc. Some people may slaughter a goat because of happiness as a new family member has been added to their number.
After the traditions are performed usually by women, a dance is staged then the women, their husbands and most of the youth in the location join in to dance and drink to the health of the newly born.
Death.
Death, when it occurs even in a natural circumstance of disease or old age, is usually attributed to some mishaps and must have been instigated. The members of the family have their heads shaved throughout the mourning period. Mourning sometimes could go for up to a month.
Usually, death is a natural phenomenon. In the Pojulu, death is treated with caution and respect for the deceased. Burials are normally done in the mornings and evenings in the cooler hours of the day. Before any burial of the dead, maternal uncles have to be consulted and cleared of their requirements. the funerals can be peaceful if the traditional requirements are fulfilled otherwise, abrogation of the traditions/demands cause chaos. Christianity though has had quite an impact so much so that some traditional requiremernts considered evil in the Church are no longer being practiced. Today, many funerals are conducted in a Christian way.
Traditional authority.
The pojulu chief plays the role of a political leader with judicial powers. It is hereditary usually falling to the eldest son of the departed chief. The pojulu chief is always assisted by a council of elders, who come from different clans or families. The criterion of choosing these people is wisdom, bravery, and experience in matters pertaining to the tribe.
Spirituality.
The Pojulu, like other Bari speaking people, believe in a Supreme Being god (ŋun) who is the creator. They also believe in the existence of spirits of the departed ancestors. Many of these beliefs are now fading under the influence of modernity and Christianity.
The Pojulu also practice African Traditional Religion before the introduction of Christianity. They practice some form of ancestral spirit worship. They however, do have the idea of one God. They know and strongly believe in one God. According to the Pojulu, it is HE who creates, protects and destroys all mankind, irrespective of race, religion or political orientation. They believe that human kind is subject to the one Supreme power of God.
Biri religion (1910–1917).
There was among the Pojulu, a religion known as the Biri religion. This was a cultural import. The Biri religion came to the Pojulu, brought by the Muna Akufi between 1910 - 1917. In this religion, people were baptized, however, unlike Christianity, in the Birir religion, water not used in baptism. But this religion did prepare the Pojulu for the coming of Christianity. When Christianity came, it was accepted without resistance.
Traces of the Biri religion are still known among us today in the names of the converts. Because believers of the Biri religion received names such as Makambili, Kamara, Doromo, Piri-Piri, Kamisa, Maamet, Malangi, etc. The converts became disciples. They were considered holy and they spread the Biri religion to other lands. They traveled from village to village – converting unbelievers into the biri religion. This was their fellowship. When the Biri religion died out, it gave way Christianity which was better able t meet the spiritual and material needs of the believers.
Islam.
Since the Ottoman Empire, and through the Mahdiya, Islam has little impact on the Pojulu. And during the era of General Ibrahim Abboud (1958–1964), attempts were made to introduce Islam in Pojulu land. These attempts also did not succeed, Khalwa and Maahads flourished in the major towns and it was these towns that some Pojulu convert in to Islam and adopted Islamic names.
Christianity.
Christianity is foreign to the Pojulu, it came to Yei in 1916 and spread to pojulu land. In 1929, Nugent School was opened in loka, and from there Christianity spread in the Pojulu lands. The African Traditional Religions (ART) prepared some of the Pojulu to practice Christianity. Christian Pojulus have gathered to create and develop Christian institutions, such as St. Peters Yondoru, and train Christian leaders.
Education.
Education to the Pojulu is lifelong. It takes place anywhere in the community, at work and at play and from cradle to the grave. Such education is defined as the “aggregate of all the process by means of which a person develops abilities, attitudes, and other forms of behavior of positive value in the society in which they live”. Education includes all the learning experiences that shape one into a person.
The goals of Pojulu traditional education include:
The Pojulu initiated and developed their own indigenous system of education suited to their environment and for their needs. The Pojulu therefore have practiced education since their cultural formation.
The home is the child’s first school in the Pojulu society. The fireplace is the classroom. It is here that the foundation should be laid for a life of service. Its principle is to be taught not merely in theory but in practice. They are to shape the whole personality and life of the Pojulu child.
The subject matter taught at home is various and wide. Very early the lesson of helpfulness are taught to the child. As soon as strength and reasoning powers are sufficiently developed, they are given duties to perform at home. They are encouraged to help the father and the mother and convenience them first before their own needs, to watch the opportunities, to cheer and assist brothers, sisters, playmates and to show kindness to the aged, the sick, the old and the unfortunate. They are taught to find joy in service and sacrifice for the goods of others and the community at large.
The family circle, the neighbors and the tribal groupings exercised great influence and impact on the growth, development and education of the Pojulu child. This is the principle of communitarians. This is the concept that the Pojulu child is not left to the parents to bring it up. The community also participates in the development and education of the child. The child is a collective responsibility of the parents, clan and the tribe.
Pojulu indigenous type of education started at the time the child is born and ends with death. The Pojulu system of education is participatory, practical system of education. It imparts what the child must know through the family and clan traditions. It is generally informal education. In this system, there are no buildings, classrooms or schools, only the fireplace, big shady trees, etc., which provided the classrooms. But teachers are available in the person of the father, the mother, grandmother, baby-sitter, brothers and sisters, relatives and the entire community or neighborhood.
Indigenous education.
Most skills about knowledge about things and the environment are absorbed by children through observation and initiation of the elders and older peers. Some children learn by apprenticeship. The importance of both parents on the growing and developing child is of great value as they are closet to the child.
Mothers and fathers and the community teach the children the laws and customs of the clan and tribe, which govern moral code, civic codes, and general rules of etiquette in the community. This category includes the study of civics, sociology and the tribal laws. By this practical training the children are prepared for life in the community in which they will eventually come to live in when they grow into adulthood. The late president of Kenya, Mzee Jomo Kenyatta, wrote “when the child has grown beyond childhood, the father takes charge of part of the boy’s education, and the mother takes the whole responsibility of the girls’ education and a part of the boy’s education."
The girls have doing domestic duties to help their mothers, such as cooking and family care. They also learn preparation of land for planting and weeding of crops. The boys duties include rearing domestic animals and gathering firewood for cooking and heat. Boys learn about vegetation identifying their types, uses and names — including various trees in the nearby forest. They learn which trees are useful for building houses and grain stores, such as those which resist white ants. They must identify which trees are good for making bows and arrows for weapons in hunting animals. The boys also learn about the birds: which are edible and/or harmful to crops; and how to trap or hunt them.
The boys and girls learn the plants that provide the Pojulu with herbal medicines, such as “Dikori Ti – Melo”, in the community medicine tradition.
Missionary Schools.
The first missionaries to enter Yei were Reverends Shaw and Gwynne in 1911. However missionary activities did not began in Yei until 1917 when schools were founded, caused by the prevalence of sleeping sickness in the area affecting both the Pojulu and missionaries.
In 1929, missionary work extended to Loka where Nugent School was opened for boys. This was the only Christian intermediate missionary school in Pojulu land. Lainya Technical School was also opened around the same time, for training in the trades, such as for carpenters, masons and brick makers, and plumbers.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Yei built the Yei Girl’s School school in 1940 . This school recruited pupils as far as Pojulu land in Loka and Lainya. Miss Gilbert became the headmistress of the Yei Girl’s School, dedicated to the school until retirement in the late 1960s. Pupils were taught in Bangalla, and later in Bari and English.
Present day.
The long running Second Sudanese Civil War caused drastic changes in the lives of the Pojulu. Many were displaced and this eroded their social and family fabric. At its formal conclusion in 2005 a separate administrative unit was established separating the Pojulu from the Kakwa and others in Yei River District. In 2011 the Pojulu lands became part of the new nation of South Sudan.
Diaspora.
The diaspora of the Pojulu people is highlighted by the move to Uganda, Kenya, Ethiopia, Democratic Republic of Congo (DRC), South Africa and Egypt. Others live in displaced people’s camps in Juba, Sudan, Khartoum and other towns. Some are now living in USA, UK, Israel, Europ, New Zealand and Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="19449886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19449886" title="Korsi">
Korsi

A Korsi is a type of low table found in Iran, with a heater underneath it, and blankets thrown over it. It is a traditional furniture of Iranian culture.
A family or other gathering sits on the floor around the korsi during meals and special events, like no-ruz (Persian/Zoroastrian New Year's Eve). Korsi used to be quite popular for entire families to gather together during yearly Yaldā celebrations.
Korsi are generally heated with electric elements or traditionally with a brazier with hot coals is placed under the table, and covered with a thick cloth overhanging on all sides to keep its occupants warm. The latters sit on large cushions (futons) around the korsi with the cloth over their laps.
A special woven rug called ru-korsi is usually placed over any blankets to protect them from food stains.

</doc>
<doc id="19449891" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19449891" title="Seaford Football Club">
Seaford Football Club

The Seaford Football Club in south eastern region of Victoria, Australia was first organized in late 1921, when formation meetings were held at Armstrong’s Grocery Store, Martins Garage and Weatherley’s Milk Bar.
Seaford currently competes in the Mornington Peninsula Nepean Football League and has won three senior premierships recently, 2007 - 2009.
The highest profile player to come out of Seaford is retired St Kilda player and Brownlow Medallist, Robert Harvey.
VFL/AFL Players.
Fred Davies
Carlton
125 Games
Robert Elphinstone
St Kilda
157 games
Anthony Harvey
St Kilda
4 games
Robert Harvey
St Kilda
1988–2008 383 Games (215 Goals) 
Eric White
South Melbourne
21 games
Brian Woinarski
St Kilda
41 games
Steve Arnott
Melbourne
1 game
Ron Battams
St Kilda
3 games
Aaron Edwards
West Coast, North Melbourne, Richmond
2003–Present
Damian McCormack
Western Bulldogs

</doc>
<doc id="19449902" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19449902" title="Pravara Rural College of Pharmacy">
Pravara Rural College of Pharmacy

Introduction.
Pravara Rural College of Pharmacy (P.R.C.O.P.), is an institution affiliated to the University of Pune, India and is recognized by All India Council for Technical Education, New Delhi (India). The institute provides certified diploma, bachelors and masters(Pharmacognosy, Pharmaceutics and Pharmachemistry) degree in the field of Pharmacy.
History.
Pravara Rural College of Pharmacy has its origin in 1981-82 when Diploma in Pharmacy Course was established as one of the seven disciplines in Padmashri Dr. Vitthalrao Vikhe Patil Institute of Technology & Engineering (Polytechnic) at Pravaranagar by Hon’ble Shri. E. V. alias Balasaheb Vikhe Patil, M.P. & Ex.Minister, Heavy Industries & Public Enterprises, Govt. of India to meet the demands of Pharmacist of this rural area.
Transportation.
Roadways : 
Loni is well connected by roads with all major cities. It is situated near Shirdi (Holy place of Saibaba). 
Loni is 26 km from Shirdi, 29 km from Sangamner. It is situated on Nasik-Sangamner- Ahmednagar or Nasik-Sangamner-Shrirampur route. 
Railway : 
To reach Loni the nearest Railway Junction is Manmad (85 Kilometers) and the nearest station is Belapur(Shrirampur) (22 Kilometers). All the trains do not stop at Belapur (Shrirampur). 
Airways :
The following Airports (Domestic And International) fall near Loni. 

</doc>
<doc id="19449923" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19449923" title="Rabbit Valley">
Rabbit Valley

Rabbit Valley, Colorado is located in the western part of the state of Colorado. The area is generally used for paleontology, camping, hiking, mountain biking, off road vehicle recreation, and hunting. Rabbit Valley is accessed by Interstate 70.
Coordinates for Rabbit Valley, Colorado 
External links.
Colorado State Parks Rabbit Valley

</doc>
<doc id="19449926" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19449926" title="1973 in chess">
1973 in chess

Events in chess in 1973:
Top players.
FIDE top 10 by Elo rating - January 1973

</doc>
<doc id="19449927" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19449927" title="Southwest Schuylkill, Philadelphia">
Southwest Schuylkill, Philadelphia

Southwest Schuylkill is a neighborhood in Southwest Philadelphia, along the Schuylkill River north of Elmwood, in the vicinity of the Southeastern Pennsylvania Transportation Authority's R3 railroad tracks. 
The Regent-Rennoc Court and Anna Howard Shaw Junior High School are listed to the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.

</doc>
<doc id="19449935" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19449935" title="Generic Tile Engine">
Generic Tile Engine

GTE "(Generic Tile Engine)" is a 2D tile engine developed for the Apple personal computer and written in 65816 assembly language.
History.
The underlying technology was developed for a recreational port of Super Mario Bros for the Apple platform. At this point the engine only supported single-layer backgrounds, a single non-standard tile size and limited sprite support. After the release of the unfinished SMB GS, the core graphics engine was modularized and released as a GS/OS Tool Set.
Features.
GTE provides graphical capabilities that lie roughly between the third and fourth generation of video game consoles. The technical capabilities of the engine are contrasted with the NES and SNES consoles, which share the same CPU family as the Apple 
Implementation.
The memory bandwidth of the Apple is 1 MiB/s, which is too slow to update the 32 KiB graphics memory at a full 60 frames per second. In fact, the theoretical maximum frame rate for full-screen animation is 31.25 frames per second. Thus, GTE focuses on achieving a reasonable frame rate given the limitations of the hardware.
The tile engine achieves its speed by leveraging hardware-specific feature of the Apple platform as described in
IIgs TN #70: Fast Graphics Hints to map the CPU stack to the RAM address of the graphics buffer and using specialized stack instructions to quickly copy graphics data to the screen. This technique is faster than a RAM-to-RAM copy because the hardware stack is automatically decremented after the data is pushed to memory.
Plane Buffers.
Since the Apple does not support multiple graphics planes in hardware, this feature must be implemented in software.
Tiles.
Tiles are stored internally as aligned bitmap images. A total of 64 KiB are available for tile storage and the total number of tiles are fixed at 256 regardless of the tile size (4x4, 8x8 or 16x16). Each tile consumes 256 bytes of RAM. 64 bytes are allocated for the tile data, a horizontally mirrored version of the tile and the corresponding masks. the image data are stored in sequential 16 KiB chunks of memory as given i the following memory map:

</doc>
<doc id="19449955" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19449955" title="Please Transpose EP">
Please Transpose EP

Please Transpose EP is the final release and promotional seven-track EP by the now-defunct Filipino pop-rock band The Eraserheads. In this EP, the name of the band was shortened to ""Eheads"". This is the only release of the band after the departure of their former vocalist Ely Buendia and features a female vocalist replacement, Kris Gorra-Dancel (from the band Fatal Posporos). The EP was independently issued in 2002 in CD-R format only.
The album contains five new songs from the band ("You Make Me," "Everything's Falling," "Iccentric," ""Lahat,"" and "It's Not You (It's Me)") and two remake tracks (""Dahan-dahan"" from their album Natin99 and ""Paru-parong Ningning"" from their album Cutterpillow).
Critical reception.
This limited-edition promotional EP release was received by die hard fans of The Eraserheads with mixed reactions.
Release.
This is the only official release of the band after the departure of their vocalist Ely Buendia. The group eventually renamed themselves as Cambio and subsequently recorded a number of well-received commercial albums under the new name.

</doc>
<doc id="19450011" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19450011" title="List of radio stations in North America by media market">
List of radio stations in North America by media market

Below is a list of radio stations in North America by media market.
United States.
By callsign.
In the United States, radio stations are assigned callsigns that either start with K or W. 
By frequency.
In the United States, radio stations are assigned frequencies on both AM and FM bands; see Lists of radio stations by frequency for these lists.

</doc>
<doc id="19450040" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19450040" title="Boyarsky">
Boyarsky

Boyarsky (masculine; ) or Boyarskaya (feminine; ) is a popular Russian surname which may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19450041" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19450041" title="Gibson-Pike-Warrick Special Education Cooperative">
Gibson-Pike-Warrick Special Education Cooperative

The Gibson-Pike-Warrick Special Education Cooperative is a three-county Special Education Cooperative, based in Oakland City, Indiana, that provides education for handicapped and special needs students in Gibson, Pike, and Warrick Counties in Southwestern Indiana. It operates its own system of buses designed for handicapped children and teenagers independently of the school corporations. 
It is supported by the following School Districts: 
Gibson County 
Office: 114 N. Grove St. Oakland City, Indiana
Pike County 
Office: 618 East Main St. Petersburg, Indiana
Warrick County 
Office: 600 East Gum St. Boonville, Indiana

</doc>
<doc id="19450049" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19450049" title="One More Try (Brighton Rock song)">
One More Try (Brighton Rock song)

"One More Try" is a hit single, released in 1988 by Canadian glam metal band Brighton Rock. The song appears on their 1988 album "Take a Deep Breath". "One More Try" is Brighton Rock's most successful single, with heavy airplay on Canadian radio and a chart position of #38 in Canadian charts. The song was also ranked #16 on "Top 25 Cancon singles of '88".
Music video.
The band shot a music video for their song "One More Try". The video features the band performing in a studio. The video features Canadian supermodel Monika Schnarre who is seen in the video taking pictures of the band while they perform. At the end of the video she can be seen playing guitar.

</doc>
<doc id="19450057" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19450057" title="Collections (Charlie Major album)">
Collections (Charlie Major album)

Collections is a greatest hits album by Canadian country music artist Charlie Major. It was released by Sony BMG Canada on November 28, 2006.
Track listing.
All tracks written by Charlie Major except where noted.

</doc>
<doc id="19450072" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19450072" title="Humppa United">
Humppa United

Humppa United is a 2008 album by the Finnish group Eläkeläiset. It consists of humppa cover versions of (relatively) popular songs.
Track listing.
Total time 52:00

</doc>
<doc id="19450084" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19450084" title="Washington County Public Schools">
Washington County Public Schools

Washington County Public Schools (WCPS) is a public school system run for the residents of Washington County, Maryland, United States. The central offices of WCPS are collectively known as the Washington County Board of Education which is located on 820 Commonwealth Ave. in Hagerstown. In June 2011, Dr. Clayton Wilcox was named Superintendent of Schools. 

</doc>
<doc id="19450093" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19450093" title="Hannah Bromley">
Hannah Bromley

Hannah Bromley (born 15 November 1986 in New Plymouth, New Zealand) is an association football central defender who played in Australia's W-League for Sydney FC. She also represents her national football team New Zealand.
Bromley regularly attended New Zealand football academies as a youth and represented New Zealand at under-17 level before making her full senior international debut as a substitute in a 6-0 loss to Japan on 21 May 2005.
She appeared in 2 group games for New Zealand at the 2006 Women's U-20 World Cup.
Bromley was included in the New Zealand Squad for the 2007 Women's World Cup where they lost to Brazil 5-0, Denmark 2-0 and China 2-0.
IF Floya.
Bromley, signed an 18 month contract with IF Fløya with an option of a further year, on Monday February 1, 2010. 
Playing Career: 

</doc>
<doc id="19450095" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19450095" title="The Break-Up (30 Rock)">
The Break-Up (30 Rock)

"The Break-Up" is the eighth episode of the first season of the American television comedy series "30 Rock". It was written by co-executive producers Brett Baer and Dave Finkel, and directed by Scott Ellis. The episode originally aired on the National Broadcasting Company (NBC) in the United States on December 14, 2006. Guest stars in this episode include Rachel Dratch, Chris Hansen, Keith Powell, Lonny Ross, and Dean Winters.
In the episode, Liz Lemon (Tina Fey) finally dumps Dennis Duffy (Winters) and prowls the singles scene, where she proves to be particularly inept at picking up guys, under Jenna Maroney's (Jane Krakowski) tutelage. Meanwhile, Tracy Jordan (Tracy Morgan) and James "Toofer" Spurlock (Powell) clash, landing both in sensitivity training, and Jack Donaghy (Alec Baldwin) dates a certain "high-ranking African-American member of the Bush Administration."
"The Break-Up" received generally good reception from critics. According to the Nielsen ratings system, the episode was watched by 5.9 million households during its original broadcast, and received a 2.8 rating/8 share among viewers in the 18–49 demographic. Scott Ellis received a Primetime Emmy Award nomination for Outstanding Directing for a Comedy Series for "The Break-Up".
Plot.
Liz Lemon (Tina Fey) comes home to find her wall full of knife holes, a great dane roaming her apartment, and a complete stranger on her bed, all courtesy of her boyfriend, Dennis Duffy (Dean Winters). She breaks up with him, but Dennis claims squatter's rights, so she gives him a week to move out. Liz and her friend, Jenna Maroney (Jane Krakowski), go out to try to pick up some men, but are very unsuccessful. The next day, Dennis walks in to the staff office of "TGS with Tracy Jordan", announcing he has found a new apartment and reads a heartfelt letter to Liz. The staff suddenly turns on Liz after Dennis walks out, and Jenna suggests to Liz that in light of the previous night's disaster, she should re-consider getting back together with him. She suggests making a list of pros and cons. Liz compiles her list of pros and cons. She marks down a positive remark after coming home to find that Dennis has cleaned up the apartment, put up shelves and a TV stand, and left her dinner. In the evening, Dennis returns with an early Christmas present for Liz. She invites him in, but soon sees Dennis on "Dateline"'s "To Catch a Predator". As a result of this, Liz breaks up with Dennis, and marks it down as a con.
Meanwhile, James "Toofer" Spurlock (Keith Powell) is upset that Tracy Jordan (Tracy Morgan) is cross-dressing on "TGS" because it is demeaning to African-Americans. After a bit of objection, Toofer convinces Tracy to stop, handing the female character over to Josh Girard (Lonny Ross). Once Josh's character is successful, Tracy is upset with Toofer. Liz convinces Toofer to work with Tracy. As they work together, Tracy gets upset with Toofer's supposed lack of blackness, and endearingly calls Toofer a racial slur. The next morning, Jack Donaghy (Alec Baldwin), Liz, Toofer, and Tracy sit down for a meeting about Tracy's vocabulary from the previous night. Tracy and Jack point out that the African-American community has adopted the word to deprive it of its meaning. In trying to reach out to Tracy, Toofer says the word again but in a more aggressive tone of voice, which causes everyone to sympathize with Tracy. Tracy and Toofer attend sensitivity training, start arguing, and in the process develop a new sketch for "TGS". When show starts running short on time, Liz offers Tracy the option to either air the sketch or one from the Star Jones cooking show, Tracy chooses the latter. Toofer is initially upset, but agrees with Tracy's decision when he finds the sketch funny.
In a subplot, Jack is secretly dating Condoleezza Rice, but gets upset when he sees Vladimir Putin touching her back. After being put on hold by Condoleezza, Jack walks into the bathroom and runs into Dennis there. Dennis, finding Jack a kindred spirit, shares his understanding of his relationship, motivating Jack to play hard to get. As a result, Jack breaks up with Condoleezza.
Production.
"The Break-Up" was written by that season's co-executive producers Brett Baer and Dave Finkel, and directed by Scott Ellis. This episode was the first writing credit for both Baer and Finkel, and the first one Ellis directed for "30 Rock". Baer and Finkel would later collaborate on the episode "Fireworks", that aired in the show's first season on April 5, 2007. "The Break-Up" originally aired on NBC on December 14, 2006 as the eighth episode of the series.
This episode was actor Dean Winters' third appearance on the series as the character, Dennis Duffy, a former boyfriend of Tina Fey's character, Liz Lemon. He appeared in the episodes "Jack Meets Dennis" and "Tracy Does Conan". Finkel has appeared on the show in a 10-second internet sitcom, "Makin' It Happen", alongside staff writer Kay Cannon. The two play husband and wife. A series of "Makin' It Happen" was produced and the webisodes aired on NBC.com.
Rachel Dratch, longtime comedy partner and fellow "Saturday Night Live" ("SNL") alumna of Fey, the latter who was the show's head writer from 1999 until 2006, was originally cast to portray Jenna Maroney. Dratch played the role in the show's original pilot, but in August 2006, actress Jane Krakowski was announced as Dratch's replacement. Executive producer Lorne Michaels announced that while Dratch would not be playing a series regular, she would appear in various episodes in a different role. In this episode, Dratch played Pamela Smew, a group therapist in charge of sensitivity training between Tracy and Toofer. This was Dratch's fifth appearance on the series. Various other cast members of "SNL" have appeared on "30 Rock". These cast members include: Chris Parnell, Fred Armisen, Kristen Wiig, Will Forte, Jason Sudeikis and Molly Shannon. Fey and Tracy Morgan have both been part of the main cast of "SNL". Chris Hansen of "Dateline NBC"'s television segment "To Catch a Predator" appeared as himself in this episode, in which he confronts Dennis on "To Catch a Predator".
Reception.
According to the Nielsen ratings system, "The Break-Up" was watched by 5.9 million households in its original American broadcast. It earned a 2.8 rating/8 share in the 18–49 demographic. This means that it was seen by 5.9 percent of all 18- to 49-year-olds, and 8 percent of all 18- to 49-year-olds watching television at the time of the broadcast. This was a decrease from the previous episode, "Tracy Does Conan", which was watched by 6.84 million American viewers. Scott Ellis, director of the episode, received a Primetime Emmy Award nomination for Outstanding Directing For a Comedy Series at the 59th Primetime Emmy Awards. Since airing, the episode received good reviews from television critics.
IGN contributor Robert Canning said that "The Break-Up" was "well put together", noting that it had "set ups and good execution" and that it "gave us good comedy" as it had "plenty to work with." In regards to the Liz and Dennis story, he admitted that while it was funny, it was "fairly stereotypical." Canning commented that Jack's relationship with Condoleezza Rice in the episode was a "great concept" and "offered up a good number of chuckles", although "it never became as clever as it appeared it was going to be." Canning gave the episode a 6.5 out of 10 rating. "TV Guide"'s Matt Mitovich was complimentary towards the episode, reporting, "Now "this" is what I'm talking about. Second-tier cast integration, multiple stories going on, intimations that Condoleezza Rice likes phone sex ... Another winning week for NBC's "30 Rock"." Mitovich enjoyed the fact that Jack was in a relationship with Rice, writing that another show "would build [the whole episode around them" but that "30 Rock" "made it that much funnier by playing it in the background and thus getting to be more outrageous with it." Julia Ward of AOL's TV Squad wrote that Alec Baldwin "always knocks the ball out of the park on the acting front" but noted that "the best material" in this episode belonged to the Tracy and Toofer story. "The show does have a tendency to telegraph its punchlines, but it was nice to have the two men's differences resolved by finding the funny in a Star Jones/excessive vomiting sketch." Ward was complimentary towards Jane Krakowski, observing that her "comic timing" in "The Break-Up" was "impeccable as usual, but it would be nice to see her character get a tad more three-dimensional." Amy Amatangelo of the "Boston Herald" enjoyed Dean Winters' appearances on the show, citing that he does a "hilarious turn" as Dennis, while the "Houston Chronicle"'s Mike McDaniel opined that Winters had a "cene-stealing and hilarious role" on the show.
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19450110" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19450110" title="Greatest Hits (Charlie Major album)">
Greatest Hits (Charlie Major album)

Greatest Hits is a compilation album by Canadian country music artist Charlie Major. It was released by ViK. Recordings on January 8, 2007 and features tracks from Major's first three studio albums.
Track listing.
All tracks written by Charlie Major except where noted.

</doc>
<doc id="19450207" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19450207" title="Iván DeJesús, Jr.">
Iván DeJesús, Jr.

Iván DeJesús Álvarez, Jr. (born May 1, 1987) is a right-handed throwing and right-handed batting Puerto Rican professional baseball player who plays second base currently in the Baltimore Orioles organization. He was selected by the Los Angeles Dodgers' in the 2005 Major League Baseball Draft, and he is the son of Iván DeJesús. 
His Major League Baseball debut with the Dodgers occurred early in the 2011 Major League Baseball season. He has since split time between the Major League team and the Dodgers Triple-A affiliate, Albuquerque Isotopes of the Pacific Coast League before being traded to the Red Sox in August 2012. Following the trade, DeJesús was assigned to the Triple-A Pawtucket Red Sox of the International League before being called up to the Red Sox a week later.
Career.
Los Angeles Dodgers.
In 1987, he was born in Guaynabo, Puerto Rico. He went to high school at American Military Academy of Guaynabo, Puerto Rico. When his father was hitting coach for the Houston Astros organization, he served as batboy. He was the Los Angeles Dodgers' 2nd selection and 51st overall selection of the 2005 Major League Baseball Draft. 
In 2005, he split time between the GCL Dodgers of the Gulf Coast League and the Ogden Raptors of the Pioneer Baseball League. He has played with the Columbus Catfish of the South Atlantic League in 2006 and with the Inland Empire 66ers of San Bernardino of the California League in 2007. He spent the 2008 season with the Jacksonville Suns of the Southern League.He was selected to play for the South Division of the Southern League All-star game, but he instead played in the 2008 All-Star Futures Game. He ended 2008 with a 23-game hitting streak. He finished second in the Southern League with 76 walks and tied for third with 150 hits. He was selected to the "Baseball America" Minor League All-Star Second Team as a second baseman. DeJesús was named 2008 minor league player of the year for the Dodgers organization. DeJesús had been the Dodgers' sixth highest rated prospect and best defensive infielder prior to . He was listed as the #12 Dodger prospect prior to 2008 by Scout.com and #13 by "Baseball America".
DeJesús played in the 2008 Arizona Fall League and the 2008–2009 Puerto Rican Winter League. The Dodgers invited him to Major League camp as a non-roster player for spring training, however he broke his left leg in a home plate collision during a spring training game. He returned to play four games for the Arizona League Dodgers in late August. The Dodgers added him to their 40 man roster prior to the season and promoted him to the Triple-A Albuquerque Isotopes, where he hit .296 in 130 games. He played for the Phoenix Desert Dogs in the Arizona Fall League after the season.
He made his Major League debut on April 1, 2011 against the San Francisco Giants. He played in two games with the Dodgers, striking out five times in seven at-bats before being optioned back to AAA Albuquerque on April 6. He was recalled to the Dodgers on April 12 when Rafael Furcal was placed on the disabled list. He recorded his first Major League hit on April 16 against the St. Louis Cardinals. On April 23, he took the field at the same time as his father when the Dodgers' pitched in the bottom of the eight inning at Wrigley Field. With the Cubs batting, his father was performing his third base coaching duties, while Junior entered the game as a defensive replacement. This was the first occurrence for a regular season game.After being sent back to AAA on May 13, and aside from a brief stint in the majors from June 4 – June 6, he spent the rest of the season with the Isotopes, hitting .310 with 8 home runs and 59 RBI in 443 plate appearances and 100 games. Following the conclusion of the 2011 AAA season, DeJesús was not among the post season callups by the 2011 Dodgers. for whom he had only had 35 plate appearances.
DeJesús lost his chance to make the opening day roster in 2012 when he suffered a torn oblique muscle in his side during a spring training game. On May 3, he began his rehabilitation with Albuquerque. The Dodgers recalled DeJesús on May 19. On June 1, 2012 DeJesús was part of a Dodgers lineup that featured the sons of five former Major Leaguers (along with Tony Gwynn, Jr., Jerry Hairston, Jr., Dee Gordon and Scott Van Slyke). This was the first time in Major League history that this had occurred. It was also the first time a starting infield of four major league sons had ever occurred: first baseman Van Slyke, second baseman Hairston, third baseman De Jesus and shortstop Gordon.
DeJesús was optioned to Albuquerque in late June. On July 16, 2012 Isotopes manager Lorenzo Bundy decided to start DeJesús in left field. It was DeJesús' first outfield appearance after 686 games of professional baseball. However, during his six innings in the outfield no balls were hit to left field. In 2012, DeJesús hit .273 in 23 games with the Dodgers and .295 in 60 games with the Isotopes.
Boston Red Sox.
On August 25, 2012 he was traded to the Boston Red Sox along with James Loney, Allen Webster and two players to be named later (Jerry Sands and Rubby De La Rosa) for Adrian Gonzalez, Josh Beckett, Carl Crawford, Nick Punto and $11 million in cash. On August 26, DeJesús was optioned to Triple A's Pawtucket. After batting .385 in his first seven games in the International League, he was called up to the Red Sox on September 2. With the Red Sox he had 8 at-bats and did not record a hit, striking out 6 times, including the final out of the season. He was designated for assignment by the Red Sox on November 20, 2012 and removed from the 40 man roster.
Pittsburgh Pirates.
On December 26, 2012 the Red Sox traded him (along with Stolmy Pimentel, Jerry Sands and Mark Melancon) to the Pittsburgh Pirates for Brock Holt and Joel Hanrahan. DeJesús spent the 2013 season with the Triple-A Indianapolis Indians of the International League. Following the season, he became a Minor League free agent.
Baltimore Orioles.
On December 19, 2013, DeJesus signed a minor league contract with the Baltimore Orioles.

</doc>
<doc id="19450221" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19450221" title="Miss America 1993">
Miss America 1993

Miss America 1993 was the 66th Miss America Pageant, and was held on September 20, 1992.

</doc>
<doc id="19450232" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19450232" title="Hangin' High 'N' Dry">
Hangin' High 'N' Dry

"Hangin' High 'N' Dry" is a single, released in 1988 by Canadian glam metal band Brighton Rock. The song appears on their 1988 album "Take a Deep Breath". The song managed to chart at #77 on the Canadian singles chart and #22 on the Cancon singles chart.
Track Listing.
12" Single.
On the 12" vinyl single, the song is mislabeled as "Hangin' High & Dry"
Music video.
The video is mostly a performance video, but also features some clips of the band backstage or on tour. The video was shot in black-and-white with a bit of colour on certain objects such as jackets.

</doc>
<doc id="19450233" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19450233" title="Kuri-chan">
Kuri-chan

The manga depicts the life of a typical salaryman fairly accurately, but the main character becomes the salaryman's child, Kuri-chan. Because of this, there have been several picture books published, marketed at children, several of which are still in print as of 2008. A large amount of character goods featuring Kuri-chan continue to be produced as well.
In the last manga strip released, the first panel shows Kuri-chan at age one, the second at age five, the third at age fourteen, showing his growth and progression through the fifteen years of publication. The fourth panel, Kuri-chan gets annoyed at the manga author, Nemoto, for pointing out the details of how he looked at those ages.

</doc>
<doc id="19450271" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19450271" title="Sinosikat?">
Sinosikat?

SinoSikat? is a Filipino band that started September 2004, performing music influenced by a number of musical genres, but which has been described as "Pinoy Soul," reflecting a recent expansion of genres active within the Philippine music industry. The band released its eponymous first album in 2007, receiving media attention and critical acclaim when vocalist Kat Agarrado won Vocalist of the Year at the NU107 Rock Awards. Recently, the band has been named as a nominee for the People's Choice Award at the 2008 Awit Awards.
“Pinoy Soul”.
The band's label, Warner Music Philippines, has described Sinosikat?'s sound as "Pinoy soul," a label which the band agrees with. “"Soul comes from within, what is true"," says vocalist Kat Agarrado. ""The audience will surely feel it when they hear it. It’s something original."” She still insists, however, that “"You have to listen to it to be able to understand it",” and “"As far as influences go we’d rather let the music speak for itself for us."”
Band members.
Sinosikat?'s band members are Kat Agarrado on vocals, Nick Azarcon on guitars, Reli De Vera on drums, Noel Asistores on bass, and David Starck on keyboards. Sinosikat? sessionists and collaborators include keyboardist Nikki Cabardo, and bassists Berns Cuevas, Rommel dela Cruz, and Karel Honasan.
Vocalist Kat Agarrado began singing professionally at age 17, making the rounds of Manila's music competitions. She later became vocalist for bands Kindred Garden, and Passage and still occasionally does session work with Pinoy Rock icon Wally Gonzales. This early exposure led to her exploration of a wide range of musical styles, from hip-hop, RnB, jazz, standards, blues, classic rock, to electronic music. It was an interest in developing her voice further that led her to form SinoSikat?, which offers her greater creative freedom in exploring her vocal range.
Drummer Reli de Vera picked up his drumsticks early, acquiring a passion for music from his father, a bass player. His earliest influences included the Doobie Brothers, Grand Funk Railroad, the Beatles, and Deep Purple. After majoring in Painting for his college degree in Fine Arts at the University of Santo Tomas, he served as a sessionist for a wide range of artists that included Paolo Santos, Sing India, Nityalila, Spy, Pinikpikan, and P.O.T.
Guitar man Nick Azarcon started playing the guitar at the age of 12, influenced by bands that included U2, Echo and the Bunnymen, the Police, and the Cult, and later Rage Against the Machine, Jeff Buckley, Weather Report, Richie Kotzen, and Chet Baker. Azarcon says joining SinoSikat? right after he graduated Architecture at UP Diliman proved a challenge for him due to the band's consistently genre-crossing repertoire.
Noel Asistores has been doing the regular session circuit since the late 1990s; a graduate of the University of the Philippines Diliman with a diploma in Creative Performance in Music and Arts (DCPMA), Major in Classical Guitar, he has played with the likes of Mon David, pianist Henry Katindig, Jeanine Desiderio, the quirky group Radio Active Sago Project, even with superstar Gabby Concepcion. Noel is very well versed in different musical styles, able to play rock, jazz, pop, and afro/Cuban music at the drop of a hat. Noel brings his expertise to Sinsoikat and lays down the groundwork for a very solid rhythm section.
David is a renowned musician who was formerly based in New York. Born and raised in Paris, he studied Counterpoint at Scola Cantorum and enrolled at CIM, Centre International de Musique, Paris. He earned numerous awards such as First place at UFAM Union des Femmes Artistes Musiciennes of Paris and First place at Leopold Bellan. Apart from his passion in playing the piano he finished his specialized training in Audio Recording at the Pyramind School of Music, San Francisco. He performed, collaborated, and worked with a lot of prestigious artists from Paris, L.A. San Francisco, New York and Manila. Some of them were Joel Rosenblatt of Spyro Gyra, Manolo Badrena of Weather Report, Lew Soloff of Blood Sweat and Tears, Adam Nussbaum, Manero of the Gyspy Kings, Tots Tolentino, Flora Purim and Airto Moreira.
When he moved to New York in 1998, he took the opportunity to further enhance his career and his skills. He immersed himself with further studies on jazz harmony and theory with top artists such as Michael Weiss, Ed Simon, Joanne Brackeen, Mark Levine and Rebeca Mauleon. David has been intensely studying and has been doing numerous performances for more than 15 years. Still, he continues to further broaden his musical understanding.

</doc>
<doc id="19450273" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19450273" title="Kuitan 2">
Kuitan 2

, or the Gluttonous Detective 2, is a Japanese TV drama aired on Nihon TV from April 14, 2007 to June 23, 2007 at 21:00 on Saturdays. The sequel of the Japanese TV drama Kuitan aired in 2006. The TV series Kuitan and Kuitan 2 were inspired by the manga kuitan, but the episodes presented in the TV series are different from those in the original manga series.

</doc>
<doc id="19450283" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19450283" title="Speciálník Codex">
Speciálník Codex

The Speciálník Codex (CZ-HKm MS II.A.7) is a 15th-century "speciálník" (i.e., special songbook) originating from a monastery in the region of Praha (Prague). Its eclectic mix of Medieval and Renaissance "a cappella" sacred music is matched only by its brilliant juxtapositions of well-known and obscure pieces and composers. Containing works for two, three, and four voices, the Codex is one of the oldest surviving collections of Czech Renaissance polyphony, and originated in the Utraquist protestant congregations of around 1500. The manuscript is currently in the Hradec Králové Museum, which acquired it from a Prague antique dealer in 1901.

</doc>
<doc id="19450296" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19450296" title="Arp 297">
Arp 297

Arp 297 (APG 297) is a quartet of galaxies, in the constellation Boötes:

</doc>
<doc id="19450349" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19450349" title="Bilingual Review Press">
Bilingual Review Press

Bilingual Review Press is an American publishing house specialising in the publication of scholarly and literary works by Hispanic and Latino American authors and researchers. It was founded in 1973 as the publisher of "The Bilingual Review/La revista bilingüe", a new academic and literary journal with a focus on Spanish-English bilingualism, bilingual studies and Hispanic literature that was first issued in 1974. Under the imprint name Bilingual Press/Editorial Bilingüe the press also publishes and distributes book titles by or about Hispanic and Latin American authors, covering literary fiction, poetry as well as non-fiction titles relating to Chicano and Latin American studies. Bilingual Press publishes from 8 to 10 titles annually, with an accumulated back catalogue of more than 150 titles under the imprint in both English and Spanish as well as some bilingual editions. The publisher is also a distributor of related titles from other presses, numbering over a thousand releases.
Bilingual Review Press is based in Tempe, Arizona, at Arizona State University. It operates as an autonomous sub-entity of the University's Hispanic Research Center, which provides support services to the publishing enterprise. The press is maintained through a number of federal and private funding grants, including the National Endowment for the Arts, as well as returns on its publication sales.
The director and general editor since its foundation is Gary D. Keller. 
The company was established in 1973 as a publishing entity for "The Bilingual Review/La revista bilingüe", a journal on Hispanic American studies and literature founded by Keller with support from scholarly grants. It was initially based out of the Department of Romance Languages at City College of New York. In 1975 it moved operations to York College and then later to the State University of New York at Binghamton. Since 1986, the Bilingual Review Press has been based on campus at Arizona State, following Keller's transfer to take up a position at the newly formed Hispanic Research Center.
Bilingual Review Press has published novels, poetry and essay contributions from both upcoming and established Hispanic and Latin American authors, including Virgil Suárez, Rafael C. Castillo, Alfred Arteaga, Sandra Cisneros, Daniel Olivas, and Rolando Hinojosa. Through both its own imprints and distribution of works first issued from other presses, it has also kept in circulation previous works of classic Latin American literature, reissuing lapsed or out-of-print titles by literary luminaries such as Carlos Fuentes, Isabel Allende, and Jorge Luis Borges.
Under the recently established imprint Clásicos Chicanos/Chicano Classics, the company publishes specific and notable works of Chicano/Chicana literature. It is also the sole distributive agency for Latin American Literary Review Press publications, a publishing series established in 1980 devoted to English translations, literary criticism, and bilingual creative writing on Latin American literature. 

</doc>
<doc id="19450366" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19450366" title="Çeşməli">
Çeşməli

Çeşməli may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19450375" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19450375" title="Looking into It">
Looking into It

Looking Into It is the third album by All Girl Summer Fun Band, released in 2008, and the first to be self-released on the AGSFB Music label.
Track listing.
All songs written by Kim Baxter, Kathy Foster, and Jen Sbragia.

</doc>
<doc id="19450391" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19450391" title="Jacques Nicolas Ernest Germain de Saint-Pierre">
Jacques Nicolas Ernest Germain de Saint-Pierre

Jacques Nicolas Ernest Germain de Saint-Pierre (1815 – 1882) was a French botanist. The plant genus "Germainia" of the family Poaceae is named in his honor.
He was one of fifteen founding members of "Société botanique de France" (SBF), an institution that was established on 24 May 1854. 

</doc>
<doc id="19450394" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19450394" title="New South Wales D53 class locomotive">
New South Wales D53 class locomotive

The D53 class was a class of 2-8-0 steam locomotives built for the New South Wales Government Railways of Australia.
History.
This class of locomotive was designed by the New South Wales Government Railways as an improved version of the T class. All the coupled wheels had flanges and a certain amount of side movement was given to the middle pairs with a laterally operating knuckle joint being provided in the middle section of the coupling rods.
Clyde Engineering delivered the first locomotive in April 1912 and by November 1917, a total of 190 were in service. Most were fitted with superheaters when built and some fitted at a later date. There was a problem with the locomotives being unbalanced, causing speed restrictions to be imposed to avoid rough riding and track damage. Following further investigations, 24 of the class received balanced coupled wheels and these were permitted to operate at higher speed on mail and fruit trains.
When introduced, most of the class were fitted with a standard bogie tender, similar as those attached to the 50 class, although some saw service with Wampu tenders. In the later period of their lives, the majority were fitted with larger turret type tenders. To enable tender first running, many had automatic couplers fitted to the front.
Following the removal of the knuckle joints from the coupling rods, flanges from the second coupled and driving wheels and the fitting of boilers standard for 50 class; 53 class and 55 class, they became most useful locomotives.
The 24 not fitted with superheaters were scrapped in the 1930s. The first superheated example was withdrawn in January 1957 with the fleet down to 39 by July 1969 with the last withdrawn in January 1973. 
The Commonwealth Railways used the design of these locomotives for their 26 strong KA class for the Trans-Australian Railway.
Preservation.
Three have been preserved:

</doc>
<doc id="19450396" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19450396" title="Arp 178">
Arp 178

Arp 178 (VV 077) is a triplet of galaxies, in the constellation Boötes: 

</doc>
<doc id="19450406" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19450406" title="Lisa Banta">
Lisa Banta

Lisa Czechowski (née Banta) (born May 29, 1979 in New Jersey) is an American goalball player and athlete. Her Paralympic debut won her a silver medal for discus at the 2000 Summer Paralympics; she also competed in goalball at those games. In December 2001 she took part in the torch relay for the 2002 Winter Olympics in Salt Lake City. As part of the American team she won silver at Goalball at the 2004 Summer Paralympics and gold for Goalball at the 2008 Summer Paralympics.
She was born with nystagmus and diagnosed with cone dystrophy while in middle school, both conditions affecting her vision. In high school she tried various track and field events, eventually moving to shotput and discus. She first became involved with goalball in 1995. She is the daughter of David and Barbara Banta. and is married to Jacob Czechowski.

</doc>
<doc id="19450421" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19450421" title="Wes Carr">
Wes Carr

Wesley Dean "Wes" Carr (born 14 September 1982), also recording as Buffalo Tales, is an Australian singer-songwriter and multi-instrumentalist, best known for winning the sixth season of "Australian Idol" in 2008. He released his first studio album, "Simple Sum", independently in 2008 shortly before entering "Australian Idol". After "Idol", he signed a record deal with Sony Music Australia and released his debut single, "You". The song peaked at number one on the ARIA Singles Chart and was certified Gold by the Australian Recording Industry Association (ARIA). Carr's second studio album, "The Way the World Looks", soon followed after. It reached number two on the ARIA Albums Chart and also achieved Gold certification. The second single "Feels Like Woah" peaked at number 14 and gained Gold certification. In June 2011, Carr released "Been a Long Time", the lead single from his third album. It peaked at number 33 on the ARIA Singles Chart. In November 2011, Carr announced that he was no longer with Sony and would be releasing his album independently. In August 2012 Carr released an EP titled "Blood & Bone" under the pseudonym Buffalo Tales. His third studio album "Roadtrip Confessions" was released in June 2013 and debuted at number 83.
Early life.
Wes Carr was born and raised in Gawler, South Australia, a town near the Barossa Valley on Adelaide's northern fringe. Carr took classes five nights a week at the Johnny Young Talent School, but eventually left Adelaide to live with his father in Sydney at the age of fifteen. From here on, Carr began his DIY education of the music industry, swapping time at school for time at bars, performing and meeting other musicians. His first big gig was supporting Australian band Leonardo's Bride for their last gig at The Basement Carr also played gigs with Missy Higgins, Lior, Paul Mac, Andrew Farriss of INXS and Don Walker of Cold Chisel.
On 3 November 2003, Carr released his debut EP "Rhythm to Fly", independently. After Australian band Silverchair went into hiatus in 2003, Carr and Ben Gillies formed the band, Tambalane. Carr and Gilles parted ways in 2005 when an "unpleasant power struggle" emerged between the two. In 2006, Carr worked with C. J. Vanston in Los Angeles, where they co-wrote the song "Say My Name" for the film, "For Your Consideration". On 11 June 2008, Carr released his debut studio album, "Simple Sum", independently.
Australian Idol.
In 2008, Carr auditioned for the sixth season of "Australian Idol". In the top five round, Carr sang Michael Jackson's "Black or White" and received two touchdowns, including one from judge Marcia Hines and guest judge Jermaine Jackson. He also received another touchdown in the top three round, from judge Ian Dickson and a TV throw from judge Kyle Sandilands also he has never being in the bottom 2 or bottom 3 appearance. On 23 November 2008, Carr was announced the winner of "Australian Idol" of 2008 with Luke Dickens becoming the runner-up. As winner, Carr received a recording contract with Sony Music Australia, a car and $200,000 towards developing his craft.
Recording career.
2008–09: "The Way the World Looks".
After coming out of "Australian Idol" as the winner, Carr signed to Sony Music Australia. His winner's and debut single, "You" was released immediately for download following his win on 23 November 2008. The song peaked at number one on the ARIA Singles Chart and was certified Gold by the Australian Recording Industry Association (ARIA), for shipments of 35,000 units. Carr's second studio album, "The Way the World Looks", was released on 20 March 2009. It debuted at number two on the ARIA Albums Chart and also certified Gold. "Feels Like Woah" was released as the album's second single on 13 February 2009. The song peaked at number fourteen and certified Gold. "Fearless" and "Love is an Animal" were released as the album's third and fourth singles, respectively.
In May 2009, Carr embarked on a national tour to perform songs from the album. The national tour, "The Way the World Looks LIVE", began on 27 May and ended on 12 July. In September 2009, Carr served as a support act for Irish band The Script's Australian tour. In October, Carr toured with Ian Moss on his national "Shake It Up Tour". The tour began on 8 October and ended on 19 December. At the 2009 ARIA Music Awards, "You" was nominated for "Highest Selling Single", but lost to Jessica Mauboy's "Running Back".
2011–present: Buffalo Tales and "Roadtrip Confessions".
Carr's third studio album was scheduled to be released in 2012. In an interview with "Adelaide Now", Carr said he wrote the album on his travels to Los Angeles, Nashville, London and Paris, and is full of "personal, candid stories." Its lead single "Been a Long Time" was released for digital download on 10 June 2011. The single peaked at number 33 on the ARIA Singles Chart. In November 2011, Carr announced on that he was no longer with Sony and would release his album independently.
In August 2012, Carr released an EP titled "Blood & Bone" under the pseudonym Buffalo. This was later changed to Buffalo Tales, given a multitude of artists using the Buffalo moniker. In April 2013, Carr uploaded a cover of Diamonds by Rihanna. The cover was praised on Twitter by Sia Furler, one of the song's co-writers. In May 2013, Carr released "Amsterdam" the lead single from his third studio album - and debut as Buffalo Tales - entitled "Roadtrip Confessions". A video for "Amsterdam" was released on June 5, 2013. The single did not chart. "Roadtrip Confessions" was released on June 21, 2013 and debuted at number 83 on the ARIA Album Chart.
Personal life.
In February 2011, Carr announced in the Australian "OK!" magazine, that he was engaged to actress Charlotte Gregg.
Wes married Charlotte in April, 2012 and welcomed his first child Willow Harrison Carr in Sydney on November 5, 2012 at 11.49 pm, weighed 4.2 kg (9lb 4oz).

</doc>
<doc id="19450459" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19450459" title="Maggi Sietsma">
Maggi Sietsma

Maggi Sietsma AM (born 1951) is the founding artistic director of the multiple-award winning Brisbane contemporary dance company, Expressions Dance Company, and regarded as one of Australia's leading choreographers. Maggi Sietsma has choreographed multiple international dance works during her career and has contributed extensively to dance and dance education in Australia.
Career and Personal History.
As a child, Maggi Sietsma was inspired to dance after seeing Dame Margot Fonteyn on stage (whom she later performed with). At the age of 14, Maggi Sietsma ran her own dance studio with 200 students, who were put through Royal Academy of Dance examinations. Her studio held annual concerts and had three staff members. At the age of 16, Sietsma was granted an international dance scholarship, and later graduated from "The Australian Ballet" school receiving an offer to join the company. Maggi Sietsma danced as soloist for international ballet companies – the "Avignon Opera Ballet" (France) and the "London Festival Ballet" (now the "English National Ballet"), before beginning her career in contemporary dance.
While working as a classical dancer in 1972, Maggi attended a performance by the Dutch Nederlands Dans Theater, inspiring her to undertake a new career path into contemporary dance. Maggi joined the Theatre du Chene Noir, a French collaborative company of musicians, actors and Sietsma as the solo dancer. Sietsma redefined her relationship to the artform during her time in the Theatre du Chene Noir, as she was suddenly alone as a dancer; a "strong contrast to the hierarchical structures characteristic of classical ballet companies". Sietsma furthered her contemporary dance choreography, establishing the French multi-media company Muance with her partner Abel Valls.
In the early 1980s, Sietsma and Valls returned to Australia, where Sietsma took a position as resident choreographer at North Queensland Ballet and Dance Society where she transitioned the amateur group to professional status as North Queensland Ballet Company, now Dancenorth. Sietsma then moved to Brisbane to teach modern dance at the Brisbane College of Advanced Education (now the Queensland University of Technology), where she developed the first Bachelor Degree in Dance. While working as a full-time lecturer, Sietsma and Valls set up their Brisbane based contemporary dance company, Expressions Dance Company, to create opportunities for dancers including a salary and decent work conditions. Sietsma herself was not paid a salary for the first three years, despite the dancers always receiving paid work from the company. To ensure the success of the company Sietsma and Valls:
mortgaged house for the first season of Expressions...gave up everything to work in Expressions and gladly...because that's where my heart was, still in the profession. (Maggi Sietsma)
Expressions is now an established contemporary dance company with an international profile, employing 17 full-time staff. Under the direction of Sietsma and Valls the company has toured internationally, including the USA, Great Britain, Switzerland, Germany, Austria, Macau, China, Singapore, Taiwan, Korea, Japan, Mexico, Israel and New Caledonia. The company has also performed in festivals including the Ludwigsburg (Stuttgart) International Festival, the Linz (Austria) Dance Festival, The Washington Shakespeare festival, the Taipei International Festival, The Beijing Modern Dance Festival, Tokyo’s Next Wave Festival and The Guangdong Modern Dance Festival (China).
Sietsma has produced a range of educational programs and forums both in Queensland and internationally, including ensuring the secondary school curriculum offers dance as a subject. Institutions Sietsma has developed programs for include: Queensland Arts Council, Queensland University of Technology, Queensland Performing Arts Trust (now QPAC), Queensland Education department, HKAPA. Sietsma has also established an extensive education program for Expressions Dance Company providing workshops and masterclasses.
In 1995, Sietsma was awarded a Master of Arts in Research by the Queensland University of Technology. In 1997, under Sietsma's direction, Expressions Dance Company was awarded a "Sidney Myer Performing Arts Award", Australia's most prestigious performing arts award. In 2002, Sietsma was appointed a Member of the Order of Australia for services to dance and dance education.
In 2005, Sietsma was appointed Dean of Dance at the Hong Kong Academy for Performing Arts (HKAPA) where she was involved in developing the Academy's first Master of Fine Arts in Dance program, realigned and led the school through the new validation process of the Bachelor of Fine Arts Honours program and saw through the School of Dance co-hosting of the The Hong Kong International Dance Festival (2006).
Dance Company Affiliations.
Maggi Sietsma has choreographed works for opera companies, theatre companies and various dance companies and institutions internationally:
Major Choreographic Works.
Include:

</doc>
<doc id="19450461" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19450461" title="Mount Abbott">
Mount Abbott

Mount Abbott may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19450473" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19450473" title="Jouko Grip">
Jouko Grip

Jouko Grip (born January 10, 1949 in Pälkäne) is a Paralympic athlete who has won medals in both the Summer and Winter Games. Most of his medals were in Nordic skiing. He is Finnish and has polio in his left hand. In 2006 he was inducted into the Paralympic Hall of Fame. He competed at the Summer Paralympics twice, in 1984 and 1988, and participated in track and field athletics both times, winning two gold medals in the 400 and 1500 metre races in 1984. He competed in seven consecutive Winter Paralympics, from 1980 to 2002, and won a total of ten gold and five silver medals. Two of his winter gold medals were won in the biathlon and the remainder of his winter medals were from cross-country skiing.

</doc>
<doc id="19450478" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19450478" title="Go! My Heaven">
Go! My Heaven

Go! My Heaven is the 10th single from the Japanese singer Hayami Kishimoto, released on October 18, 2006. The single contains the lead track Go! My Heaven, two b-side tracks titled Fake Happy End and Shadow or Light?, and one instrumental for the lead track.
Music video.
The music video for Go! My Heaven is set in a dimly lit room in which Kishimoto can be seen dancing while changing through a number of outfits. One other scene in the video shows Kishimoto sitting on a couch alone while looking into the camera and singing.

</doc>
<doc id="19450493" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19450493" title="Phason">
Phason

Phason is a quasiparticle existing in quasicrystals due to their specific, quasiperiodic lattice structure. Similar to phonon, phason is associated with atomic motion. However, whereas phonons are related to "translation" of atoms, phasons are associated with atomic "rearrangements". As a result of these rearrangements, waves, describing the position of atoms in crystal, change phase, thus the term "phason". 
The hydrodynamic theory of the quasicrystals predicts that the conventional (phonon) strain relaxes rapidly. On the contrary, relaxation of the phason strain is diffusive and is much slower. Therefore, metastable quasicrystals grown by rapid quenching from the melt exhibit built-in phason strain associated with shifts and broadenings of X-ray and electron diffraction peaks.

</doc>
<doc id="19450511" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19450511" title="Orta Zəyzid">
Orta Zəyzid

Orta Zəyzid (also, Orta Zəyzit and Orta-Zəyzit) is a village and municipality in the Shaki Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 2,944. A big scale modern dairy farm operates in the territory of the village, located by Shaki-Oguz Road.

</doc>
<doc id="19450523" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19450523" title="Simon Jackson (judoka)">
Simon Jackson (judoka)

Simon Jackson MBE (born 28 May 1972) is a visually impaired judoka and cyclist from Britain. He has competed in five Paralympic Games winning gold medals in three consecutive Games. Jackson is the only British person to win a Paralympic judo gold medal and the most successful judo competitor from the country. In addition to his Paralympic success he also won three world titles and 16 European gold medals. He switched to tandem cycling and won two events in 2009.
Sporting career.
Jackson won gold medals at the 1988, 1992, and 1996 Summer Paralympics and bronze at the 2000 Games in his judo weight class. His loss to Cuban Isao Rafael Cruz Alonso ended a winning streak that had lasted 162 bouts. At the 2004 Games he lost in the first round against Sergiy Sydorenko, staging a sit-down protest against the referee's decision to award Sydorenko a match-winning yuko. Jackson claims that he was off the mat and that the points should not have been awarded. After the match the referee watched a video recording of the incident and confirmed the decision. Jackson remains Britain's most successful judo competitor.
In 2008 Jackson was forced to retire from judo competition after suffering a back injury. He began to focus on tandem cycling and partnered Barney Storey. He just missed out on selection for the 2008 Paralympic Games in Beijing but the pair went on to win gold at two events at the 2009 BT Paralympic World Cup.
Jackson was a member of the Channel 4 commentary team for the London 2012 Paralympic Games, covering judo alongside Neil Adams. Based on his experiences of disability sport he is also a motivational speaker.
Personal life.
Jackson was born on 28 May 1972. He received an MBE for services to sport in the 1997 New Year Honours. He is married to Sarah, a judo coach, and works as a student learning mentor in Rochdale.
In December 2012 Jackson was convicted of fraudulently claiming over £10,000 for taxi rides that he did not make. He was claiming the money from an access to work grant as he is unable to travel on public transport. After a tip-off the Department for Work and Pensions monitored his activities in July 2011 and discovered that he was receiving a lift from his wife. On 22 January 2013 Jackson was given a four-month community order and a curfew. He paid back the money and the court costs.

</doc>
<doc id="19450529" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19450529" title="Turin">
Turin

Turin (, pronounced ; Piedmontese: "Turin", pronounced ; ) is a city and an important business and cultural centre in northern Italy, capital of the Piedmont region, located mainly on the left bank of the Po River, in front of Susa Valley and surrounded by the western Alpine arch. The population of the city proper is 911,823 (December 2012) while the population of the urban area is estimated by Eurostat to be 1.7 million inhabitants. The Turin metropolitan area is estimated by the OECD to have a population of 2.2 million.
The city has a rich culture and history, and is known for its numerous art galleries, restaurants, churches, palaces, opera houses, piazzas, parks, gardens, theatres, libraries, museums and other venues. Turin is well known for its baroque, rococo, neo-classical, and Art Nouveau architecture. 
Much of the city's public squares, castles, gardens and elegant "palazzi" such as Palazzo Madama, were built in the 16th and 18th century, after the capital of the Duchy of Savoy (later Kingdom of Sardinia) was moved to Turin from Chambery (nowadays France) as part of the urban expansion.
Turin is sometimes called the "cradle of Italian liberty", for having been the birthplace and home of notable politicians and people who contributed to the "Risorgimento", such as Cavour. The city currently hosts some of Italy's best universities, colleges, academies, lycea and gymnasia, such as the six-century-old University of Turin and the Turin Polytechnic. Prestigious and important museums, such as the Museo Egizio and the Mole Antonelliana are also found in the city. Turin's several monuments and sights make it one of the world's top 250 tourist destinations, and the tenth most visited city in Italy in 2008.
The city used to be a major European political centre, being Italy's first capital city in 1861 and being home to the House of Savoy, Italy's royal family. Even though much of its political significance and importance had been lost by World War II, it became a major European crossroad for industry, commerce and trade, and currently is one of Italy's main industrial centres, being part of the famous ""industrial triangle"", along with Milan and Genoa. Turin is ranked third in Italy, after Milan and Rome, for economic strength. With a GDP of $58 billion, Turin is the world's 78th richest city by purchasing power, and as of 2010 has been ranked by GaWC as a Gamma- world city. Turin is also home to much of the Italian automotive industry.
Turin is well known as the home of the Shroud of Turin, the football teams Juventus F.C. and Torino F.C., the headquarters of automobile manufacturers FIAT, Lancia and Alfa Romeo, Iveco and as host of the 2006 Winter Olympics. Several International Space Station modules, such as Harmony and Columbus, were also manufactured in Turin.
It was the capital of the Duchy of Savoy from 1563, then of the Kingdom of Sardinia ruled by the Royal House of Savoy and finally the first capital of the unified Italy.
It is often referred to as "the Capital of the Alps". Turin is also known as "the Automobile Capital of Italy" or the "Detroit of Italy" as it is home of FIAT; in Italy it is also called " capitale Sabauda".
History.
Ancient origins.
The Taurini were an ancient Celto-Ligurian Alpine people, who occupied the upper valley of the river Po, in the centre of modern Piedmont.
In 218 BC, they were attacked by Hannibal since his allies were the Insubres. The Taurini and the Insubres had a long-standing feud. Their chief town ("Taurasia") was captured by Hannibal's forces after a three-day siege. As a people they are rarely mentioned in history. It is believed that a Roman colony was established in 27 BC with the name "Castra Taurinorum" and afterwards "Julia Augusta Taurinorum" (modern Turin). Both Livy (v. 34) and Strabo (iv. p. 209) speak of the country of the Taurini as including one of the passes of the Alps, which points to a wider use of the name in earlier times.
The tribe of the Taurini is the origin of the city of Torino: Celtic in origin, they joined the ligurian tribes peacefully. The city symbol and coat of arms is the rampant bull – Torino literally means "young bull". The Salassi, another Celtic Italian tribe, was also part of the Piemonte area which was eventually destroyed by the Romans.
The language of the Piemonte region, Piemontese, still to this day contains many words of Celtic origin and is more than a dialect: it is indeed a separate language spoken to this day by the people of Torino and the Piemonte region, giving them a unique sense of identity and affinity with their ancient ancestral heritage.
Roman times.
In the 1st century BC, probably 28 BC, the Romans created a military camp ("Castra Taurinorum"), later dedicated to Augustus ("Augusta Taurinorum"). The typical Roman street grid can still be seen in the modern city, but especially in the neighbourhood known as the "Quadrilatero Romano". Via Garibaldi traces the exact path of the Decumanus of the Roman City which began at the "Porta Decumani" which was later incorporated into the "Castello" or "Palazzo Madama". The "Porta Palatina", on the north side of the district is still preserved in a park near the Cathedral. Turin reached about 5,000 inhabitants at the time, all living inside the high walls.
Middle Ages.
After the fall of the Roman Empire, the town was conquered by the Lombards, then the Franks of Charlemagne (773). The "Contea di Torino" (countship) was founded in the 940s, which was held by the Arduinic dynasty until 1050. After the marriage of Adelaide of Susa with Humbert Biancamano's son Otto, the family of the Counts of Savoy gained control. While the dignity of count was held by the Bishop as count of Turin (1092–1130 and 1136–1191) it was ruled as a prince-bishopric by the Bishops. In 1230–1235 it was a lordship under the Marquess of Montferrat, styled Lord of Turin. At the end of the 13th century, when it was annexed to the Duchy of Savoy, the city already had 20,000 inhabitants. Many of the gardens and palaces were built in the 15th century when the city was redesigned. The University of Turin was also founded during this period.
Early modern.
Emmanuel Philibert, known with the nickname "Iron Head", made Turin the capital of the Duchy of Savoy in 1563. Piazza Reale (today named Piazza San Carlo) and Via Nuova (today called Via Roma) were added with the first enlargement of the walls, in the first half of the 17th century; in the same period the Royal palace (Palazzo Reale) was also built. In the second half of that century, a second enlargement of the walls was planned and executed, with the building of the arcaded Via Po, connecting diagonally Piazza Castello with the bridge on the Po through the regular street grid.
In 1706, during the Battle of Turin, the French besieged the city for 117 days without conquering it. By the Treaty of Utrecht the Duchy of Savoy acquired part of the former Duchy of Milan, including Turin, and the architect Filippo Juvarra began a major redesign of the city. Now the capital of a European kingdom, Turin had about 90,000 inhabitants at the time.
Late modern and contemporary.
Turin, like the rest of Piedmont, was annexed by the French Empire in 1802. The city thus became seat of the prefecture of Pô department until the fall of Napoleon in 1814, when the Kingdom of Piedmont-Sardinia was restored with Turin as its capital. In the following decades, the Kingdom of Piedmont-Sardinia led the struggle towards the unification of Italy. In 1861, Turin became the capital of the newly proclaimed united Kingdom of Italy until 1865, when the capital was moved to Florence and then to Rome after the conquest of the Papal States in 1870. In 1871, the Fréjus Tunnel was opened, making Turin an important communication node between Italy and France. The city in that period had 250,000 inhabitants. Some of the most iconic landmarks of the city, like the Mole Antonelliana, the Egyptian Museum, the Gran Madre di Dio Church and Piazza Vittorio Veneto were built in this period. The late 1800s were also a period of rapid industrialisation, especially in the automotive sector: in 1899 Fiat was established in the city, followed by Lancia in 1906. The Universal Exposition held in Turin in 1902 is often considered the pinnacle of Art Nouveau design, and the city hosted the same event in 1911. By this time, Turin had grown to 430,000 inhabitants.
After the Great War, harsh conditions brought a wave of strikes and workers' protests. In 1920 the Lingotto Fiat factory was occupied. The Fascist regime put an end to the social unrest, banning trade unions and jailing socialist leaders, notably Antonio Gramsci. On the other hand, Benito Mussolini largely subsidised the automotive industry, to provide vehicles to the army. Turin was then a target of Allied strategic bombing during World War II, being heavily damaged in its industrial areas by the air raids. The Allied campaign in Italy, that started from the south slowly moved northwards in the following two years, leaving northern regions occupied by Germans and collaborationist forces.
During the Allied drive to liberate northern Italy the Allied High Command in Italy realized that they only had a slight advantage over the German Army in the region; as a result British Field Marshal Alexander made a risky decision to include help from the French 27th Alpine Division or the French Alpine Army. The French 27th Division was stationed along the border between France and Italy in order to prevent the Germans from threatening the French Rivera; however the inhabitants of the Val d'Aosta region of northwest Italy have historical links to France and the French Government seeking revenge for the invasion from Facsist Italy in 1940 as well as historical links wished to annex all of the territory west of Turin. The French Offense from the Alps went from being a victory into becoming a route of the German Army in the region west of Turin and the French Army invaded much deeper into northwest Italy then anyone expected. The result of the French Offensive meant that French troops reached Turin from the west while the units of the Brazilian Expeditionary arrived in Turin from the east. As a result of both armies arriving in the region of Turin there was a great deal of confusion and intermingling as well as a political dispute at allied headquarters.
Turin was not captured by the Allies until the end of Spring Offensive of 1945. By the time the vanguard of the armoured reconnaissance units of Brazilian Expeditionary Force reached the city, it was already freed by the Italian Partisans, that had began revolting against the Germans on 25 April 1945. Days later, troops from the US Army's 1st Armored and 92nd Infantry Divisions came to substitute the Brazilians.
In the postwar years, Turin was rapidly rebuilt. The city's automotive industry played a pivotal role in the Italian economic miracle of the 1950s and 1960s, attracting to the city hundred of thousands of immigrants, particularly from rural southern regions of Italy. The population soon reached 1 million in 1960 and peaked at almost 1.2 million in 1971. The exceptional growth gains of the city gained it the nickname of the "Automobile Capital of Italy" and the "Detroit of Italy" (Turin has been "twinned" with Detroit since 1998). In the 1970s and 1980s, the oil and automotive industry crisis severely hit the city, and its population began to sharply decline, losing more than one-fourth of its total in 30 years. The long population decline of the city has begun to reverse itself only in recent years, as the population grew from 865,000 to slightly over 900,000 by the end of the century. In 2006, Turin hosted the Winter Olympic Games.
Geography.
Turin is located in north-west Italy. It is surrounded on the western and northern front by the Alps and on the eastern front by a high hill that is the natural prosecution of the hills of Monferrato. Four major rivers pass through the city: the Po and two of its tributaries, the Dora Riparia (later changed to "Duria Minor" by the Romans, from the Celtic "duria" meaning "water"), the Stura di Lanzo, and the Sangone.
Climate.
Turin is located in a humid subtropical climate zone (Köppen climate classification "Cfa"). This is in contrast to the Mediterranean climate characteristic of the coast of Italy.
Winters are moderately cold but dry, summers are mild in the hills and quite hot in the plains. Rain falls mostly during spring and autumn; during the hottest months, otherwise, rains are less usual but more strong (thunderstorms are usual). During the winter and autumn months banks of fog, which are sometimes very thick, form in the plains but rarely on the city because of its location at the end of the Susa Valley.
Its position on the east side of the Alps makes the weather drier than on the west side because of the föhn wind effect.
The highest temperature ever recorded was , while the lowest was .
Administration.
Turin is divided into 10 boroughs; these do not necessarily correspond to historical districts in the city. The following list numerates the present day boroughs named "Circoscrizioni" and today's location of the historical districts inside them:
The mayor of Turin is directly elected every five years. Piero Fassino, the current mayor, belongs to the centre-left coalition:
Turin's City Council is composed of 50 members.
Main sights.
City centre ("Centro").
Turin's historical architecture is predominantly Baroque, having developed under the Kingdom of Savoy even though the main central street of the city, "Via Roma" was built in during the Italian era as an example of Italian Rationalism. The street, built between 1931 and 1937 replacing former building already present in this area, runs between "Piazza Carlo Felice" and "Piazza Castello" squares. Buildings on the portion between Piazza Carlo Felice and Piazza San Carlo were designed by rationalist architect Marcello Piacentini. The new blocks were built into a reticular system, composed by austere buildings in clear rationalist style, such as the impressive "Hotel Principi di Piemonte" and the former "Hotel Nazionale" in Piazza CLN. Porches are built in a continuous entablature and marked with double columns, to be consistent with those of Piazza San Carlo. The section of the street between Piazza San Carlo and Piazza Castello was built in eclectic style, with arcades characterised by serliana-type arches. "Via Roma" is today the street with the most fashionable boutiques in the city.
"Via Roma" crosses one of the main squares of the city: the pedestrianised "Piazza San Carlo", built into the 17th century by Carlo di Castellamonte. In the centre of the square stands the equestrian monument to Emmanuel Philibert, called in local dialect "Caval ëd Brons", depicting the Duke sheathing his sword after the Battle of St. Quentin. "Piazza San Carlo" arcades hosts the most ancient cafes of the city, such as "Caffé Torino" and "Caffé San Carlo".
On the northern edge of "Via Roma", stands "Piazza Castello", considered the heart of the city. The half-pedestrianized square hosts some significant buildings as "Palazzo Reale" (Former Savoy Royal House), the "Palazzo Madama" (which previously hosted the Savoy senate and, for few years, the Italian senate after the Italian unification), the former Baroque "Teatro Regio" (rebuilt in the 1960s in modern style, after having been destroyed by fire), and the "Biblioteca Reale" (Royal Library) which hosts the Leonardo da Vinci self-portrait. "Piazza Castello" hosts as well a Fascist era building, the "Torre Littoria", a kind of skyscraper which was supposed to become the headquarters of Fascist party, although it never served as such. The building's style is quite different from the Baroque style of Piazza Castello. The square regularly host the main open space events of the city, live concerts included.
"Via Roma" end in the southern part in "Piazza Carlo Felice", which is closed by the monumental façade of "Porta Nuova" railway station, the central station of the city built between 1861 and 1868 by the architect Alessandro Mazzucchetti. The railway station was recently renewed to hosts a shopping mall and hosting more efficient passengers services offices. However, it is still an example of monumental architecture, with its monumental foyer and some baroque sights, as the "Sala Reale" (the former Royal waiting room).
"Piazza Castello" is the square in which some of the main central street are converging. Most of all, the arcaded "Via Po" of Amedeo di Castellamonte, built in 1868 and hosting some interesting buildings (such us the first and original building of the "Università di Torino" (Turin University)) and the historical cafe "Caffé Fiorio", which was the favourite cafe of the 19th-century politicians. "Via Po" ends in "Piazza Vittorio Veneto" (simply called locally "Piazza Vittorio"), the largest baroque square in Europe, and today, heart of the Turin nightlife. Here in the square there are the most fashionable bars, and not far, along the Po river, the "Murazzi" quays host several bar and nightclubs open till the morning.
Parallel to "Via Roma", other two main popular pedestrian streets are crossing the old town from "Via Po" to "Corso Vittorio Emanuele II". Those are "Via Lagrange" and "Via Carlo Alberto". Their recent pedestrianisation improved their original commercial vocation. In particular, "Via Lagrange" is now improving the presence of luxury boutiques. This street is also hosting the Egyptian Museum of Turin, home to what is regarded as one of the largest collections of Egyptian antiquities outside of Egypt.
Those two streets are crossing two significant squares of the city: "Piazza Carignano", well known mainly for the undulating "concave – convex – concave" baroque façade of Palazzo Carignano. This building was hosting the "Parlamento Subalpino" (i.e. the "Royal parliament", became also for few years the Italian Parliament, after the Italian unification) and today is hosting the "Museo Nazionale del Risorgimento" (Italian unification Museum). The square hosts as well the building of the Teatro Carignano, a well-conserved baroque theatre.
The other square, crossed by "Via Carlo Alberto", is "Piazza Carlo Alberto", hosting the other façade of Palazzo Carignano, in eclectic style. On the other side, stands the monumental "Biblioteca Nazionale" (National Library).
Not far from "Via Po", stands the symbol of Turin, which is the Mole Antonelliana, named after the architect who built it: Alessandro Antonelli. Construction began in 1863 as a Jewish synagogue. Nowadays it houses the "Museo Nazionale del Cinema" (National Museum of Cinema), and it is believed to be the tallest museum in the world (167 metres). The building is depicted on the Italian 2-cent coin.
Just behind "Piazza Castello" stands the Turin Cathedral, dedicated to Saint John the Baptist, which is the major church of the city. It was built during 1491–1498 and it is adjacent to an earlier bell tower (1470). Annexed to the cathedral is the Chapel of the Holy Shroud, the current resting place of the Shroud of Turin. The Chapel was added to the structure in 1668–1694, designed by Guarini. The Basilica of Corpus Domini was built to celebrate an alleged miracle which took place during the sack of the city in 1453, when a soldier was carrying off an monstrance containing the Blessed Sacrament; the monstrance fell to the ground, while the host remained suspended in air. The present church, erected in 1610 to replace the original chapel which stood on the spot, is the work of Ascanio Vitozzi.
Next to the Turin Cathedral the Palatine Towers, an ancient Roman-medieval structure that served as one of four Roman city gates, which allowed access from north to the "cardus maximus", the typical second main street of a Roman town. The Palatine Towers are among the best preserved Roman remains in northern Italy. Close to the "Porte Palatine", the 51,300 square meters "Piazza della Repubblica" hosts the biggest open market in Europe, locally called "Porta Palazzo".
Western of the "Porte Palatine", the "Quadrilatero Romano" is the old medieval district, recently renewed. The district is characterised by its tiny streets and several medieval buildings. The district (its heart is in "Piazza Emanuele Filiberto") is today popular for its "aperitivo" bars and its small shops of local artisans. Southern of "Quadrilatero Romano", another popular street of the city: "Via Garibaldi", of pedestrian street between "Piazza Castello" and "Piazza Statuto" with some of the ancient shops of the city. Large "Piazza Statuto" is another example of baroque square with arcades.
Another main street of downtown is "Via Pietro Micca", which starts from "Piazza Castello" till the large "Piazza Solferino". The avenue continues changing its name in "Via Cernaia", till "Piazza XXV Dicembre", which hosted till 2012 the main building of the second railway station of the city, Porta Susa. After under-grounding the railways in that side of the city, "Porta Susa" railway station has been recently moved to a new place, south of the current one. The new railway station, already partially open to the public, is situated between "corso Bolzano" and "Corso Inghilterra", and it is an example of contemporary architecture, being a 300 metre long and 19 metre high glass and steel structure, while tracks are situated underground. Porta Susa is currently the international central station of the city (high speed trains to Paris and Barcelona), and it is becoming the central hub of railway transportation of the city, being the station in which local trains (so-called "Ferrovie Metropolitane"), national trains and high-speed national and international trains are crossing each others.
Near to "Via Cernaia" is the Citadel, situated into the "Andrea Guglielminetti" garden. What remains of the old medieval and modern fortress of the city, it is a starting point for a tour into the old underground tunnels below the city.
San Salvario.
South-East of the "Centro", under "Corso Vittorio Emanuele II", "San Salvario" district extends till "Corso Bramante", delimited by the railway on west side and by the Po river in the East. The district is crossed by two main streets, "Via Nizza" and "Via Madama Cristina", and saw in the most recent years a nightlife it had never have been before, as several low-cost bars and restaurants opened recently. The district is an example of integration between different cultures, cause several immigrants began to live here. The centre of the district is "Piazza Madama Cristina" which hosts a big open market, and around it several commercial activities are flourishing. Here it stands "Hora's", the most popular Kepap restaurant in the town.
"Parco del Valentino" park is situated in the district and, although not situated in the "Centro", it represents kind of central park of the city. Also because of the proximity with the city centre, the park is very popular amount the local people, during the day but also in the night, because of the several bars and nightclubs placed here, following an ideal continuation of the "Murazzi" trend.
From the terraces of "Parco del Valentino", many sight of the hills on the other side of the river can be appreciated.
In the centre of the park stands the "Castello del Valentino" (17th century). This castle has a horseshoe shape, with four round towers at each angle, and a wide inner court with a marble pavement. The ceilings of the false upper floors are clearly in "transalpino" (i.e. French) style. The façade sports the huge coat of arms of the House of Savoy.
Another significant cluster of buildings in the park is the "Borgo Medioevale" (Medieval village), a replica of medieval mountain castles of Piedmont and Aosta Valley, built for the International Exhibition of 1884.
Among the other significant buildings, along "Corso Massimo d'Azeglio", the "Torino Esposizioni" complex (former Turin Exhibition Centre, built in the 1930s) stands with its monumental main entrance with a large full height porch, the circular building which hosts a night club, and the "Teatro Nuovo", a Turin theatre mostly focused on ballets exhibitions. Another significant building is the largest Synagogue of the city, in "Piazzetta Primo Levi" square. Its architecture stand in the main sight of the city, as characterised by four large towers – 27 meters high – topped by four onion domes.
Crocetta.
South of "Centro" stands the "Crocetta" district, considered one of the most exclusive district of the city, because of high rated residential buildings. Heart of the district is the partially pedestrianised area crossed by "Corso Trieste", "Corso Trento" and "Corso Duca D'Aosta", plenty of some notable residential buildings in eclectic, neo-Gothic and Art Nouveau style. The area was built between 1903 and 1937 replacing the old parade ground, which was moved in the Southern part of the city.
Northern of this area, stands the "GAM (Galleria d'Arte Moderna)", one of the two Museum of Modern Arts of the Turin Metro area (the second and largest one, is hosted in "Castello di Rivoli", a former Savoy Royal castle in the suburbs). The Museum stands in front a huge monument situated in the centre of the roundabout between "Corso Vittorio Emanuele II" and "Corso Galileo Ferraris": the "Monumento a Vittorio Emanuele II", a King of Savoy statue situated on a 39-meters high column. Next to the Museum, another significant residential building hosts the head office of Juventus, one of the two main Turin football clubs.
West of this area the main building of Polytechnic University of Turin stands along the "Corso Duca Degli Abruzzi". The 1958 building is a complex of 122,000 square meters, hosts approximately 10,000 students every year and it is considered one of the major Institutes of Technology of the country – mainly due also to the vocation of the city for the industrialisation, pushed by the automotive sector. This Institute recently expanded in the western district of "Cenisia" with additional modern buildings.
"Crocetta" is crossed by large and modern avenues, such as "Corso Duca degli Abruzzi", "Corso Galileo Ferraris", and "Corso Einaudi". Those avenues are characterised by endless rows of trees which are a symbol of Turin typical urbanity. However, the most popular avenue is "Corso De Gasperi", which although being smaller than other avenues of the district, hosts one of the most fashionable open market of the city, the so-called "Mercato della Crocetta", in which is it possible to find some discounted branded clothing among the more popular ones.
The Western border is instead an example of contemporary architecture: the huge avenue ("Corso Mediterraneo", "Corso Castelfidardo"), so called "Spina Centrale", was recently build over the old railway which was under-grounded: as a result, the avenue is very large (till 60 meters) and modern (having been rebuilt with valuable materials, including a characteristic lighting system supported by white high poles). This avenue hosts as well some examples of contemporary art, such as Mario Merz "Igloo" fountain, or the Per Kirkeby "Opera per Torino" monument in "Largo Orbassano".
"Via Sacchi", eastern of the district, is an ideal gate to the city centre: its Serlian arcades on the western side of the street (the eastern side is closed by the "Porta Nuova" railway station service buildings) are hosting some significant shops. Southern of "Via Sacchi", "Ospedale Mauriziano" is one of the ancient and major hospital of the city, with the main entrance in "Corso Rosselli". Going further towards the South, is it possible to appreciate an interesting residential cluster of old public housing stands gravitating around "Via Arquata".
Cenisia.
Bordered by "Corso Castelfidardo", "Corso Vittorio Emanuele II", "Corso Trapani" and "Corso Peschiera", this small district in mainly significant for hosting the recent expansion of Turinese Institute of Technology "Politecnico". The expansion was possible after under-grounding the railway under "Corso Castelfidardo" and the subsequent disposal of the old buildings dedicated to the train maintenance present in this area (so called "Officine Grandi Riparazioni" or "OGR"). The "Politecnico" expanded its facilities trough two huge overpass buildings over the avenue, linked to new buildings on the west side. This cluster of buildings forms an evocative square with a unique architectural style. The main building on the west side hosts a General Motors research centre, the "General Motors Powertrain Europe". The "Politecnico" area extends than till "Via Boggio" with further facilities hosted in the former "OGR" facilities. The Institute plans to further build new facilities in the current parking area.
North of "Politecnico" facilities, the main building of the "OGR" former cluster, which consists in three 180-meters long joint parallel buildings, became recently a big open space which hosts temporary exhibitions and during the hot seasons, its external spaces became a fashionable site to have a typical Italian "aperitivo".
North of "OGR", a former prison complex called "Le Nuove" is a significant example of old prison European building. The complex has been built between 1857 and 1869 during the reign of Victor Emmanuel II. After having being disposed during the 1990s, the complex is today a museum and it is possible to visit its facilities.
An example of contemporary art is the heating plant in "Corso Ferrucci", which has been covered with aluminium panels. Another building (19th century), now abandoned, is the former Westinghouse factory of train brakes situated in "Via Borsellino".
The remaining part of the district is mainly formed by residential buildings with not significant architectural value. The district had its development mainly after the World War II, following the industrial development of the town (in particular, the development of Lancia automotive factories in the "Borgo San Paolo" district and the consequent population of the nearby areas, including "Cenisia". Main avenues which are crossing the district are "Corso Ferrucci" and "Corso Racconigi". This last one is hosting a huge daily open market, the "Mercato di Corso Racconigi".
Cit Turin.
The smaller district of the city is "Cit Turin". This small triangle surrounded by "Corso Vittorio Emanuele II", "Corso Francia" and "Corso Inghilterra" hosts however some high rated residential buildings.
Cit Turin is considered by local people a prestigious residential neighbourhood. In the district there are many buildings in Art Nouveau, Art Deco and Neo-Gothic style. Among them, one of the most impressive and well-known is the "Casa Della Vittoria" (architect "Gottardo Gussoni"). Also "Casa Fenoglio" is another notable building. Both are facing "Corso Francia".
The district is well known for its commercial vocation mainly in its two main streets, "Via Duchessa Jolanda" and "Via Principi d'Acaja", ideally crossing each other among the gardens "Giardino Luigi Martini", locally called "Piazza Benefica", which hosts a popular open market.
The district is also characterised by two massive recent buildings: the 90s new Turin courthouse "Palazzo di Giustizia" (350-meters long), and the ongoing construction of the first real skyscraper of Turin, the "Grattacielo Intesa-Sanpaolo", which will host the headquarters of one of the major Italian private banks.
San Donato.
"San Donato "district stands between "Corso Francia", "Corso Lecce", "Corso Potenza", "Via Nole", the "Parco Dora" park and "Corso Principe Oddone". It was populated since the medieval era, but becomes bigger during the 19th century, prospering around the canal "Canale di San Donato", which does not exist any more, currently replaced by the central street of the district, "Via San Donato". Buildings in the district are relatively recent (around 1820), except for the oldest group of small houses located in the area of "Brusachœr (Palazzo Forneris "building) located along "Via Pacinotti "near the small square "Piazza Paravia". The conservation of the street and of this old building influences the straightness of "Via San Donato", which makes a slight curve to result in parallel with "Via Pacinotti" before ending in central "Piazza Statuto "square.
Main church of the district is the Chiesa di Santa Zita, which with its 83 meters height of its bell tower, is well known to be the fifth tallest structure in the city of Turin, after the Mole Antonelliana, the Intesa-Sanpaolo skyscraper, the "Torre Littoria" and the two pennons of the Juventus Stadium. The church is hosting the "Istituto Suore Minime di Nostra Signora del Suffragio" and it was promoted and designed by Francesco Faà di Bruno. The legend says, that he wanted to build the tallest bell tower of the town and put a clock on the top, to all the poor people to know the time for free. The small building near the church, is what remains of "Casa Tartaglino", a small residential building which was also extended and modified by Faa di Bruno.
"Villino Cibrario" in "Via Saccarelli", is another significant building designed by "Barnaba Panizza" in 1842. The building was equipped with a large garden which was eliminated to host the street. The neighbourhood has a high concentration of historic buildings in Art Nouveau style designed by architect "Pietro Fenoglio "(among the others, the prestigious "Villino Raby" in "Corso Francia 8). "Other significant buildings are the "Villa Boringhieri" in Via San Donato, and other Art Nouveau and Neo-Gothic buildings are situated in "Via Piffetti "and "Via Durandi."
Among the modern buildings of the district, the most significant one is of course the "Torre BBPR" Tower (which took the name from the architecture office who designed it). The building is representing the "post-rationalism Italian architecture" (same style of the better known Torre Velasca tower in the city of Milan). Tower is facing the central "Piazza Statuto" square.
District is crossed by some significant avenues: on "Corso Svizzera", which crosses the district from North To South, faces the Business Centre "Piero Della Francesca", where the offices of "Tuttosport," one of the three national sports daily newspapers has its head offices. Also on "Corso Svizzer"a, stands one of the oldest hospitals of the city, the "Ospedale Ademeo di Savoia", specialised in infectious diseases. Other major avenues are "Corso Umbria" and "Corso Tassoni".
Another big avenue, which border the district on its East, is "Corso Principe Oddone", which in the past was along the railway to Milan. Currently the railway has been under-grounded: the avenue will be enlarged and have same architecture style of southern "Corso Inghilterra" in downtown, becoming one of the major avenue of Turin.
Northern part of the district was part of the former industrial district of Turin, recently reconverted to a park called "Parco Dora". Mainly, in "San Donato" the portion reconverted was the one occupied by the plant of Michelin (west of "Via Livorno") and FIAT ironwork plants (on the East). Differently for other portions of "Parco Dora", this part has been totally reconverted to park without letting any evidence of the industrial area except for the cooling tower which stands along "Corso Umbria" and became a symbol of the park. Works are completed in the western area, where "Corso Mortara" has been closed to traffic and moved just a bit northern and covered by an artificial tunnel. It is possible to access the southern shore of the "Dora" river. South of the Park, an interesting architecture of different levels sis hosting a new shopping mall called "Centro Commerciale Parco Dora". East of "Via Livorno", works are still partially in progress, with the Dora river still to be uncovered by a big slab, on which the FIAT plants where used to stand). West of "Via Livorno", the "Environment Park" is a research centre for renewable engines.
Main churches.
The Consolata, a sanctuary much frequented by pilgrims, stands on the site of the 10th-century Monastery of St. Andrew, and is the work of Guarini. It was sumptuously restored in 1903. Outside the city are: the Basilica of Our Lady, Help of Christians built by St. John Bosco, the Gran Madre di Dio built in 1818 on occasion of the return of King Victor Emmanuel I of Sardinia and S. Maria del Monte (1583) on the Monte dei Cappuccini.
In the hills overlooking the city the basilica church of Superga provides a view of Turin against a backdrop of the snow-capped Alps. The basilica holds the tombs of many of the dukes of Savoy, as well as many of the kings of Sardinia. Superga can be reached by means of the Superga Rack Railway from the suburb of Sassi. The Basilica of Superga was built by Amadeus II of Savoy as an ex voto for the liberation of Turin (1706), and served as a royal mausoleum since 1772.
Villas, parks and gardens.
The most popular park in the city is the Parco del Valentino. In 1961, for the celebrations of "Italia61" (Italian unification centenary), an important international exhibition ("FLOR61: Flowers of the world in Turin") took place in the park with 800 exhibitors from 19 countries. For the occasion the plan for the new lighting of the park, with its fountains and paths, was assigned to Guido Chiarelli, the head engineer at the city hall.
Other large parks are the Parco della Pellerina, the Parco della Colletta, the Rignon park, the Colonnetti park and the University botanical gardens. Around the city, there are several other parks, such as La Mandria Regional Park and the Parco della Palazzina di Caccia di Stupinigi, once hunting grounds of the Savoy, and those situated on the hill of Turin. Many parks are smaller, located in the various districts: there is also a total of 240 playgrounds in these parks. In the early 1960s, mayor Amedeo Peyron had the first garden in Italy with games for children inauurated. According to a report of Legambiente 2007, Turin is the first Italian city for whatconcerns structures and policies on childcare. One of the most famous parks with a children's playground is the Parco della Tesoriera which is also home to the Andrea delle Corte Municipal Music Library housed in a villa built in 1715 and which was once the Royal Treasurer's residence. The park is located in the Parella suburb, and in summer plays host to various concerts.
Rosa Vercellana, commonly known as "Rosina" and, in Piedmontese as "La Bela Rosin" ("the beautiful Rosin"), was the mistress and later wife of King Victor Emmanuel II. She was made Countess of Mirafiori and Fontanafredda, but never Queen of Italy. As the Savoy family refused to allow her to be buried next to her husband in the Pantheon, her children had a mausoleum built for her in a similar form and on a smaller scale in Turin, next to the road to the Castello di Mirafiori. The circular copper-domed neoclassical monument, surmounted by a Latin cross and surrounded by a large park, was designed by Angelo Dimezzi and completed in 1888.
Demographics.
In 2009, the city proper had a population of about 910,000, which is a significant increase on the 2001 census figure. This result is due to a growing immigration from Southern Italy and abroad. Approximately 13.5 per cent (122.946) of the population is composed of foreigners, the largest numbers coming from Romania (51,017), Morocco (22,511), Albania (9,165), Peru (7,044), China (5,483), and Moldova (3,417). Like many Northern Italian cities, there is a large proportion of pensioners in comparison to youth. Around 18 per cent of the population is under 20 years of age, while 22 per cent is over 65. The population of the Turin urban area totals 1.7 million inhabitants, ranking fourth in Italy, while the Turin metropolitan area has a population of 2.2 million inhabitants. The median age is 43.7.
Economy.
Turin is a major automotive and aerospace centre, home of Fiat group company, seventh largest automaker in the world.
In 2010, the city generated a GDP of $58 billion, ranking as the world's 78th richest city by purchasing power. The city has been ranked in 2010 by GaWC as a Gamma-world city.
Other notable companies operating in Turin are Maserati, Lancia, Alfa Romeo, Iveco, Pininfarina, Bertone, Sparco, Italdesign Giugiaro, General Motors, New Holland, Comau, Telecom Italia Labs, Rai, Ghia, Fioravanti, Stola, Intesa Sanpaolo, Kappa, Lavazza, Martini & Rossi, Ferrero SpA
The city is also well known for its aerospace industry Alenia Aeronautica, Thales Alenia Space and Avio. The International Space Station modules Harmony, Columbus, Tranquility, as well as the Cupola and all MPLMs were produced in Turin. The future European launcher projects beyond Ariane 5 will also be managed from Turin by the new NGL company, a subsidiary of EADS (70%) and Finmeccanica (30%).
Culture.
Tourism.
Turin, as the former capital of the Kingdom of Sardinia and after of the Reign of Italy, is home of the Savoy Residences. In addition to the 17th-century Royal Palace, built for Madama Reale Christine Marie of France (the official residence of the Savoys until 1865) there are many palaces, residences and castles in the city centre and in the surrounding towns. Turin is home to Palazzo Chiablese, the Royal Armoury, the Royal Library, Palazzo Madama, Palazzo Carignano, Villa della Regina, and the Valentino Castle. The complex of the Residences of the Royal House of Savoy in Turin and in the nearby cities of Rivoli, Moncalieri, Venaria Reale, Agliè, Racconigi, Stupinigi, Pollenzo and Govone was declared a World Heritage Sites by UNESCO in 1997. In recent years, Turin has become an increasingly popular tourist destination, ranking 203rd in the world and 10th in Italy in 2008, with about 240,000 international arrivals.
The Egyptian Museum of Turin specialises in archaeology and anthropology, in particular the Art of Ancient Egypt. It is home to what is regarded as one of the largest collections of Egyptian antiquities outside of Egypt. In 2006 it received more than 500,000 visitors. The Museum of Oriental Art houses one of the most important Asian art collections in Italy.
Other notable museums include the Puppet Museum, the Museo Nazionale dell'Automobile and the Museo Nazionale della Montagna (National Museum of the Mountains).
The city is home to the Shroud of Turin: a linen cloth bearing the image of a man who appears to have suffered physical trauma in a manner consistent with crucifixion. It is kept in the royal chapel of the Cathedral of Saint John the Baptist in the city centre. The origins of the shroud and its image are still the subject of intense debate among scientists, theologians, historians and researchers. It is popularly believed to be a depiction of Jesus Christ, however this matter is still controversial, as there seems to be a sufficient amount of historical and scientific evidence supporting the idea that it is, or is not, the Holy Face of Jesus. Nonetheless, it is a symbol of religious devotion and is one of the city's main symbols and tourist attractions.
Remaining a village for a long time, in 1559 the Duke Emmanuel Philibert of Savoy made Turin the capital of his domains. In the Baroque period, Turin became important to a court and the Duke had the ambition to transform the city into a major artistic and cultural capital. He created a city of artists of great repute, especially architects and planners like Carlo di Castellamonte and his son Amedeo, "which include the route of a Roman castrum" the new capital and build beautiful buildings, Guarino Guarini and, in the 18th century, Filippo Juvarra and Benedetto Alfieri.
As for the painting and the visual arts, Turin became a point of reference, especially in the 20th century. In the 1920s, the painter Felice Casorati inspired a number of students called The group of six of Turin and these included Carlo Levi, Henry Paolucci, Gigi Chessa, Francis Menzio, Nicola Galante and Jessie Boswell.
Two important artists were born in Turin: the sculptor Umberto Mastroianni and the architect Carlo Mollino. Between the 1960s and the 1970s, the international centre of Turin (Arte Povera), the presence in the city of artists like Alighiero Boetti, Mario Merz, Giuseppe Penone, Piero Gilardi and Michelangelo Pistoletto. In those years there was a strong artistic influence of designer Armando Testa, the founder of advertising agency. Currently operating in the city are established artists like Ugo Nespolo and Carol Rama.
Literature.
A literary centre for many centuries, Turin began to attract writers only after the establishment of the court of the Duchy of Savoy. One of the most famous writers of the 17th century was Giambattista Marino, which in 1608 moved to the court of Charles Emmanuel I. Marino suffered an assassination attempt by a rival, Gaspare Murtola, and was later imprisoned for a year because of gossip that he had said and written against the duke. Perhaps, because of this, in 1615 Marino left Turin and moved to France.
The main literary figures during the Baroque age in Turin were Emanuele Tesauro and Alessandro Tassoni. In the next century Turino hosted the poet Vittorio Alfieri from Asti for a while. The situation was very different in the 19th century, especially since the city became a point of reference for Italian unification and, subsequently, the capital of the Kingdom of Italy. Indeed, in those years Tommaseo, Settembrini and John Meadows resided in the city. A major literary and cultural woman of that time was Olimpia Savio. In the late 19th and early 20th centuries, Turin was home to writers such as Guido Gozzano, Edmondo De Amicis, Emilio Salgari and Dino Segre, the latter known by the pseudonym of Pitigrilli.
Turin had a very important role in Italian literature after World War II. For the publishing house founded by Giulio Einaudi worked figures such as Cesare Pavese, Italo Calvino, Vitaliano Brancati, Primo Levi, Natalia Ginzburg, Fernanda Pivano, Beppe Fenoglio, Carlo Fruttero and Franco Lucentini. In more recent years, writers active in the city are Giovanni Arpino, Nico Orengo, Giuseppe Culicchia, Margaret Oggero, Laura Mancinelli, Alessandra Montrucchio, Alessandro Perissinotto, Guido Quartz, Piero Soria and Alessandro Baricco. Baricco was also among the founders of the Scuola Holden, dedicated to writing techniques teaching.
In the local Piedmontese language has a literary tradition, with names such as Nicoletto da Torino, Ignas Isler, author of epic poems, and Eduard Calv.
Media.
After Alexandria, Madrid, New Delhi, Antwerp and Montreal, Turin was chosen by UNESCO as World Book Capital for the year 2006. The International Book Fair is one of the most important fairs of its kind in Europe.
Turin is home to one of Italy's principal national newspapers, "La Stampa", and the sports daily newspaper "Tuttosport".
The city is also served by other publications such as the Turin editions of "La Repubblica", "il Giornale", "Leggo", "City", "Metro" and "E Polis".
RAI has had a production centre in Turin since 1954.
Sports.
The city is home to two football teams: Juventus F.C. (founded in 1897) and Torino F.C. (founded in 1906). Juventus has the larger fan base, especially in southern Italy, while Torino enjoys a more localised support. The two clubs contest the oldest derby in Italy: the "Derby della Mole" or the Turin derby.
Juventus is Italy's most successful football club and one of the most laureated and important in the world. It ranks joint eighth in the list of the world's clubs with the most official international titles (fourth between European clubs). The club was Italy's most successful of the 20th century and the first in association football history—remaining the only one in the world to date (2013)—to have won all possible official continental competitions and the world title.</ref> The Stadio delle Alpi was one of the host stadiums for the 1990 FIFA World Cup and it was demolished in 2006 to make way for Juventus' owned ground, the Juventus Stadium, inaugurated in 2011. The other city's club, Torino, currently uses the Stadio Olimpico, property of the "Comune" of Turin, one of the host stadiums for the 1934 FIFA World Cup and the venue of the XX Winter Olympics.
In 1949, in the Superga air disaster, a plane carrying almost the whole Torino F.C. team (at that time the most important team in Italy and known as the "Grande Torino") crashed into the Basilica of Superga in the Turin hills. Valentino Mazzola, father of Ferruccio and Sandro (who were later to become football champions), was among those who perished in the accident.
The "C.U.S. Torino" volleyball team won the domestic league four times and, in the 1979–80 season, the Volleyball European Champion's Cup. It was the first team from western Europe to win this competition. In the 1990s the team was dismantled as a result of financial issues. There is also the largest rugby team of the city by the same name, "CUS Torino".
the most important basketball team is the PMS Torino, founded in 2009, playing in Legadue.
Turin hosted the 2006 Winter Olympics from 10 February 2006, through 26 February 2006. Turin, with a population of over 865,000 and a metropolitan area of 1.7 million, is the largest city to have ever hosted a Winter Olympics and was the largest metropolitan area to host them at the time. The title of largest metropolitan area to host the Winter Olympics fell to Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada, (2.3 million) when that city hosted the XXI Olympic Winter Games.
The City was awarded with the title of European Capital of Sport 2015. The candidature sees the City strongly committed to increasing sports activities and at the forefront of new technologies thanks to an agreement signed with the Interfaculty School of Motor Sciences of Turin aimed to the dissemination of the project We-Sport.
The FISA (International Rowing Federation) was founded in Turin in 1892.
Turin was also the home of the Valentino Park motor racing circuit.
Cinema.
Turin is the Italian city where film chromatography was first established. As such, it forms the birthplace of Italian cinema. Because of its historic, geographical and cultural proximity to France, Italian filmmakers were naturally influenced by French cinema and the Lumière brothers. The first Italian cinema screening occurred in Turin in March 1896. In November 1896, Italian filmmakers performed the first cinema screening of a film before a fee-paying audience.
By the start of the 20th century (especially after 1907), a number of the first Italian films were aired in Turin. Examples include Giovanni Pastrone "Cabiria", in 1914, one of the first blockbusters in history.
During the 1920s and 30s, Turin hosted a number of film productions and major film studios ("film houses"), such as the Itala film, Aquila and Fert Studios. Today their heritage is located in the modern Lumiq Studios and Virtual Reality Multi Media Spa Turin's prominence in Italian film continued until 1937, the year Cinecittà was inaugurated in Rome.
After World War II, the cinematic scene in Turin continued to thrive. 1956 saw the opening of the National Museum of Cinema, first housed in the Palazzo Chiablese and then, from 2000, in the imposing headquarters of the Mole Antonelliana. In 1982 the film critic Gianni Rondolino created Festival Internazionale Cinema Giovani, which later became the Torino Film Festival.
Today Turin is one of the main cinematographic and television centres in Italy, thanks to the role of the Turin Film Commission that reports the production of many feature films, soap operas and commercials.
Cuisine.
Turin chocolate firms, aside from many kinds of chocolate, produce a typical chocolate called "Gianduiotto", named after Gianduja, a local Commedia dell'arte mask. Every year the town organises "CioccolaTÒ", a two-week chocolate festival run with the main Piedmontese chocolate producers, such as Caffarel, Streglio, Venchi and others, as well as some big international companies, such as Lindt & Sprüngli. Since the mid-1980s, Piedmont has also benefited from the start of the Slow Food movement and Terra Madre, events that have highlighted the rich agricultural and vinicultural value of the Po valley and northern Italy.
Education.
Turin is home to one of Italy's oldest universities, the University of Turin, which still ranks among the best universities in Italy. Another established university in the city is the Polytechnic University of Turin, that ranks among Top 50 universities in the world and #1 in Italy ("Academic Ranking of World Universities" published by the Institute of Higher Education of Shanghai Jiao Tong University, in engineering, technology and computer science fields). The business school ESCP Europe, ranked among the 10 best business schools in Europe, also has a campus in Turin. In recent years some small English language education institutions have been opened (St. John International University, International University College of Turin, Buddies Elementary School, Turin School of Development).
Transport.
The city currently has a large number of rail and road work sites. Although this activity has increased as a result of the 2006 Winter Olympics, parts of it had long been planned. Some of the work sites deal with general roadworks to improve traffic flow, such as underpasses and flyovers, but two projects are of major importance and will change the shape of the town radically.
One is the "Spina" ("spine") which includes the doubling of a major railroad crossing the city. The railroad previously ran in a trench, which will now be covered by a major boulevard. Porta Susa, on this section, will become Turin's main station to substitute the terminus of Porta Nuova with a through station.
The other major project is the construction of a subway line based on the VAL system, known as Metrotorino. This project is expected to continue for years and to cover a larger part of the city, but its first phase was finished in time for the 2006 Olympic Games, inaugurated on 4 February 2006 and opened to the public the day after. The first leg of the subway system linked the nearby town of Collegno with Porta Susa in Turin's town centre. On 4 October 2007 the line was extended to Porta Nuova and then, in March 2011, to Lingotto. The main street in the town centre ("Via Roma") runs atop a tunnel built during the fascist era (when "Via Roma" was built). The tunnel was supposed to host the underground line but it's now used as an underground car park. A project to build an underground system was ready in the 1970s, with government funding for it and for similar projects in Milan and Rome. Whilst the other two cities went ahead with the projects, Turin's local government led by mayor Diego Novelli shelved the proposal as it believed it to be too costly and unnecessary.
The city has an international airport known as Caselle International Airport Sandro Pertini (TRN), located in Caselle Torinese, about from the centre of Turin and connected to the city by a railway service (from Dora Station) and a bus service (from Porta Nuova and Porta Susa railway stations).
From 2010 also a bicycle sharing system, the ToBike, is operational.
The metropolitan area is served by Turin metropolitan railway service.
International relations.
Turin is twinned with:
Collaboration accords include:
The 6th district (arrondissement ) of Turin is twinned with:

</doc>
<doc id="19450542" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19450542" title="Brand, Nuth">
Brand, Nuth

Brand is a hamlet in the municipality of Nuth in the province of Limburg, the Netherlands.
It is one of the so-called "Bovengehuchten", or Upper Hamlets, of Nuth. Brand is located south of the stream Platsbeek.
The hamlet consists of five houses along the "Branterweg". This road connects the hamlets Tervoorst and Helle.
Some houses, including a farm named "Op genne Brant", are constructed with timber framing.
Brand is often mistakenly regarded as part of the nearby hamlet Terstraten. Brand got its own town sign in 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="19450548" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19450548" title="Aşağı Zəyzid">
Aşağı Zəyzid

Aşağı Zəyzid (also, Orta Zəyzit and Ashaga-Zəyzit) is a village in the Shaki Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="19450565" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19450565" title="Centennial Peak">
Centennial Peak

Centennial Peak may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19450570" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19450570" title="Josiah Jamison">
Josiah Jamison

Josiah Jamison (born in Vance, South Carolina on August 18, 1982) is an American Paralympian. He began racing at the South Carolina School for the Deaf and Blind in Spartanburg. He won a gold medal for the United States at the 2008 Summer Paralympics in the Men's 100 m - T12.

</doc>
<doc id="19450586" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19450586" title="İbrahimhacılı">
İbrahimhacılı

İbrahimhacılı (also, Ibrogim-Gadzhyly, Ibragim-Gadzhaly, and Ibragim Gadzhyly) is a village and municipality in the Tovuz Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 3,838. 

</doc>
<doc id="19450595" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19450595" title="Barnala district">
Barnala district

Barnala (Punjabi:ਬਰਨਾਲਾ) is one of the districts of Indian state of Punjab. Earlier Barnala was part of Sangrur district, but now Barnala is a separate district.
It is a centrally located district bordered by Ludhiana district on the north, Moga district on northwest, Bathinda district on west and by Sangrur district on all other sides. The current MLA of the district is Mr Kewal Singh Dhillon.
As of 2011 it is the least populous district of Punjab (out of 22).
District Administration.
Sectoral development is looked after by the district head of each development department such as PWD, Agriculture, Health, Education and Animal husbandry. These officers belong to various State Services.
Demographics.
According to the 2011 census Barnala district has a population of 596,294, roughly equal to the nation of Solomon Islands or the US state of Wyoming. This gives it a ranking of 527th in India (out of a total of 640). 
The district has a population density of . Its population growth rate over the decade 2001-2011 was 13.16%. Barnala has a sex ratio of 876 females for every 1000 males, and a literacy rate of 68.9%.
Area Telephone Code: 01679
Postal Code: 148101
Vehicle Code Range: PB 19

</doc>
<doc id="19450610" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19450610" title="Saint Gelert">
Saint Gelert

Saint Gelert, also known as Celer, Celert or Kellarth (see below), was an early Celtic saint. Several locations in Wales are believed to bear his name. They include Beddgelert ("Gelert's grave") and the surrounding Gelert Valley and Llangeler ("Gelert's church") where there is a church dedicated to him. Through the promotional efforts of an innkeeper in the early 1790s, St. Gelert, the human, has become much conflated with the legend of a saintly dog putatively from the same region, Gelert.
Name.
The name "Gelert" is a cymricized variant of Celert or Cilert (also written "Cylart", "Kelert", "Kilart", or "Kylart") and Kellarth (also written "Kelarth" or "Kełłarth"). It is also spelled Geler or Celer, although this probably represents a misunderstanding of Celtic alveolar plosives and dental fricatives, and is sometimes even teutonized to Killhart, Kilhart, or Gellert. It is of unknown meaning or origin.
Life.
Gelert was a hermit in the late 7th century who lived in a cave near what is now known as the Holy Well of St Celer near Llandysul. In the Dark Ages, pilgrims would travel to the well for healing by Gelert. Eventually a chapel dedicated to St Mary (called "Capel Mair") was erected over the well, of which the ruins still remain. It is believed that Gelert was at some time a missionary, evangelizing in Llangeler and Beddgelert. According to modern historical belief, he was martyred in Beddgelert, although this is a misconception simply based on the town name's meaning ("Gelert's grave"). It is believed, however, that Gelert was martyred.
Conflation.
Local Welsh legend more often identifies Gelert as a dog rather than a human. Unlike the dog-saint St. Guinefort, who was in fact an actual dog 'sainted' via folk belief for his reputed protection of children, St. Gelert was a man whose human identity has been overshadowed by hucksterism about a mythical martyred dog. According to folklore promoted by an innkeeper in Beddgelert, Gelert the dog was an wolfhound unjustly killed by his owner, Prince Llywelyn the Great, when found with bloody maws near the empty cradle of Llywelyn's son. When the scene was investigated, the body of a wolf was found, which the dog Gelert had killed to save the baby's life. 
One modern writer offers this concise explanation of Beddgelert's connection to the "obscure, early-medieval, local saint":
The Welsh dog-hero/saint Gelert, associated with Prince Llywelyn the Great (1173-1240), is, however, a romantic fiction of the late 18th century derived from a 5th century Indian Buddhist work, the "Pancha Tantra". The story gained wide currency in Europe the Middle East. The heraldic "Rous Roll" of the 15th century, for example, depicted the arms of Wales as a helmet on which stand a dog and a cradle. But it was finally applied specifically by a hotelier to the village of Beddgelert, named after an obscure, early-mediæval, local saint. To reinforce the story further, he erected a megalith, Gelert's Bed. The 'new' story became the subject of a poem by W.R. Spencer which Joseph Haydn set to music. Such is the stuff of nationalist legend — and this is one of the more benign examples.
The innkeeper who popularized the dog's story was David Pritchard, who came to the area either around 1793 or 1801, depending on the source. The poem by Spencer is widely available online. Haydn set the poem to the tune of the Welsh air "Eryri Wen", which means "White Snowden," a reference to Snowdon. In the "Panchatantra," which dates back to oral traditions prior to 300 B.C.E., the villain is a snake, and the role of the dog is filled by a mongoose. Aesop included a dog-and-snake version. An early Welsh version of the tale appears in the Mabinogion. Other cultures provide other substitutions; even Disney added a non-fatal version of the legend to "Lady and the Tramp".

</doc>
<doc id="19450624" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19450624" title="1984 1000 km of Silverstone">
1984 1000 km of Silverstone

The 1984 Grand Prix International 1000 km was the second round of the 1984 World Endurance Championship. It took place at the Silverstone Circuit, Great Britain on 13 May 1984.
Official results.
Class winners in bold. Cars failing to complete 75% of the winner's distance marked as Not Classified (NC).
† - The #74 Scorpion Racing Services Arundel-Ford was disqualified during the race for receiving technical assistance while still on the track.

</doc>
<doc id="19450685" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19450685" title="Helle, Nuth">
Helle, Nuth

Helle, known as "G'n Hèl" in Limburgish, is a hamlet in the municipality of Nuth in the province of Limburg, the Netherlands.
It is one of the so-called "Bovengehuchten", or Upper Hamlets, of Nuth. It is located between the village of Schimmert and the hamlet Terstraten.
The name Helle probably originates from "helde", or "hill". This could be a reference to the many hills and hollow ways near the hamlet.
South of Helle flows the stream Platsbeek through a varied landscape of forest, grassland and puddles.

</doc>
<doc id="19450690" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19450690" title="Kovalenko">
Kovalenko

Kovalenko, Covalenko () is a very common Ukrainian surname that ends with -enko. 
It used commonly to describe a son of a blacksmith and is the equivalent of "Smithson" in the English-speaking world, derived from the root "koval" meaning literally "smith". It can refer to: 

</doc>
<doc id="19450694" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19450694" title="Chanson de Guillaume">
Chanson de Guillaume

The Chanson de Guillaume or Chançun de Willame (English: "Song of William") is a "chanson de geste" from the first half of the twelfth-century (c.1140, although the first half of the poem may date from as early as the eleventh century; along with "The Song of Roland" and "Gormont et Isembart", it is considered one of three "chansons de geste" whose composition incontestably dates from before 1150). The work is generally considered to have two distinct halves: the first tells of Guillaume (or William) of Orange, his nephew Vivien and the latter's young brother Gui and their various battles with Saracens at L'Archamp; in the second half of the poem (after 2000 lines), Guillaume is aided by Rainouard, a giant.
The poem comprises 3,553 verses in assonanced laisses; most of the verses are decasyllables, but there are occasional recurring short six-syllable lines. The poem exists in only one 13th-century manuscript, written in an Anglo-Norman dialect, which only was brought to light in 1901 at the sale of the books of Sir Henry Hope Edwardes. The manuscript has since passed to the British Library (British Library, Additional 38663),
It is the only "chanson de geste" concerning the deeds of William of Orange that was not included in the cyclic 13th century collections of "chansons de geste" generally referred to as the "Geste de Guillaume d'Orange".
Much of the poem's material (especially the second half) was expanded and adapted by the later "chanson de geste" "Aliscans".
Historical sources.
The "chanson" appears to be based on William of Gellone's battle at the Orbieu or Orbiel river near Carcassonne in 793.

</doc>
<doc id="19450707" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19450707" title="Rachel Howard (footballer)">
Rachel Howard (footballer)

Rachel Howard (born 30 November 1977) is an association football goalkeeper who represented New Zealand at international level.
Howard made her Football Ferns debut in a 0-5 loss to the United States on 28 May 1998, and represented New Zealand at the 2007 FIFA Women's World Cup finals in China, where they lost to Brazil 0-5, Denmark (0-2) and China (0-2). Howard was one of only 3 squad members to not get any playing time in the Tournament.
Howard was also included in the New Zealand squad for the 2008 Summer Olympic games where they drew with Japan (2-2) before losing to Norway(0-1) and Brazil (0-4). Again, Howard failed to get playing time at the tournament with Jenny Bindon being first choice goalkeeper.

</doc>
<doc id="19450728" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19450728" title="List of serving generals of the Pakistan Army">
List of serving generals of the Pakistan Army

This is the list of serving generals of the Pakistan Army. At present, the army has 2 full generals, 27 lieutenant generals and around 160 major generals. Barring exceptions for some major generals, all others have been listed here. The list is arranged according to the officers' respective seniority.
To determine the number and the seniority of the generals, please see the Notes section at the end of the page. All of the names of the generals and their respective posts have been extracted from open sources (i.e., newspapers, television, official websites, ISPR Press Releases, and other governmental data), therefore no top secret information is being divulged. An effort has been made to reference each listing with the relevant source information.
Senior commanders during 1965 and 1971 Wars.
During the 1965 Indo-Pakistani War, there were only two Lt. Gens in the Army; Bakhtiar Rana the Commander I Corps and Altaf Qadir who was on deputation to CENTO, Turkey and a handful of Maj. Gens.
During the 1971 Indo-Pakistani War, the number of Lt Gens reached 12 while there were two full generals; five were posted at the GHQ/CMLA HQ, one at the CENTO HQ in Ankara, Turkey, four were corps commanders, and the rest of four were governors under the martial law. General Yahya Khan was the Commander-in-Chief, General Abdul Hamid Khan was the Chief of Staff (COS), Lt Gen S.G.M.M. Peerzada was the PSO CMLA HQ in Rawalpindi, Lt Gen Gul Hassan Khan was the Chief of General Staff (CGS), and Lt Gen Khawaja Wasiuddin was the Master-General of Ordnance (MGO). Lt Gen Muhammad Shariff was sent as Permanent Representative to the CENTO HQ in Turkey. Eastern Command was under Lt Gen A.A.K. Niazi, I Corps was under Lt Gen Irshad Ahmad Khan, II Corps was under Lt Gen Tikka Khan, IV Corps was under Lt Gen Bahadur Sher. On the other hand, governor Punjab was Lt Gen Attiqur Rahman, governor Sindh was Lt Gen Rakhman Gul, governor NWFP was Lt Gen K.M. Azhar, and governor Balochistan was Lt Gen Riaz Hussain.
Notes.
All the names in the list are extracted from open sources (which in turn rely on Pakistan Army's ISPR press releases), therefore the above names might not correlate with the actual current posts of the commanders. The promotions from brigadiers to major-generals are done in groups once every year. The links from 2002 and onwards are: 2002 (27), 2003 (19), 2004 (18), 2005 (26), 2006 (29), 2007 (29), 2008 (26), 2009 (25), 2010 March (29), 2010 November (23), 2011 (19), 2012 (19), and 2013 (29).
Additionally, the seniority for major-generals is ascertained from the bi-annual military award recipients of Hilal-e-Imtiaz (Military); first on 23 March (Pakistan Day) and then on 14 August (Independence Day). The links from 1999 and onwards are: 1999 March & August, 2001 March & August, 2002 March & August, 2003 March, 2003 August, 2004 March, 2004 August, 2005 March, 2005 August, 2006 March, 2006 August, 2007 March, 2007 August, 2008 March, 2008 August, 2009 March, 2009 August, 2010 March, 2010 August, 2011 March, 2011 August, 2012 March, 2012 August, 2013 March, and August 2013.
Similarly, civilian and military awards for outstanding individuals are announced every year on 14 August and an investiture ceremony is held on the following 23 March. The links from 2001 and onwards are: 2001, 2001, 2002, 2003, 2004, 2005, 2006, 2007, 2008, 2009, and 2012.
Information is also gleaned from the wreath-laying ceremonies for the 10 Nishan-e-Haider recipients each year on 6 September (Defence Day). The links from 2005 onwards are: 2005, 2006, 2007, 2008, 2009, 2010, 2011, and 2012.
Following abbreviations have been used for the respective units/regiments of the officers,

</doc>
<doc id="19450750" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19450750" title="Torino F.C.">
Torino F.C.

Torino Football Club, commonly referred to as simply Torino or Toro, is a professional Italian football club based in Turin, Piedmont, that plays in Serie A.
Torino was founded as "Football Club Torino" in 1906 when Football Club Torinese merged with a group of Juventus dissidents led by Alfredo Dick. The club has spent the majority of its history in the top flight of Italian football, having won the domestic championship 7 times, first in 1927–28 and most recently in 1975–76. The club won five consecutive titles from 1942 to 1949, a record tied today only by Inter Milan and Juventus. On the European stage, the nearest Torino came to success was when they finished as runners-up in the UEFA Cup; this was achieved in 1991–92. The club has also won the Coppa Italia five times. Domestically, Torino are the joint fifth most successful club in Italian football in terms of championships won.
The club was known as "Associazione Calcio Torino" from 1936 until 1970, and as "Torino Calcio" from 1970 to 2005. In 2005 the club was declared bankrupt and readmitted to Serie B as "Torino Football Club".
History.
From first steps to the Great War.
Torino was founded as "Foot-Ball Club Torino" on 3 December 1906 at the Voigt brewery in Via Pietro Micca near the center of Turin. Its foundation involved a group of Juventus dissidents, led by the Swiss Alfredo Dick (disenchanted by the professionalism of Juventus) and another group of players from Football Club Torinese (one of the oldest clubs in Italian football). 
The meeting at the brewery was scheduled at 9 in the evening with 23 people present, namely: Alfredo Dick, John Main, Fritz Bollinger, Eugenio De Fernex, Joseph Varetto, Enrico Debernardi, Arthur Rodgers, Federico Ferrari and Orsi, Fritz Roth, Charles Pletscher, Charles Dick, Hans Kaempfer, Orestes Mazzia, Paul Boerner, Ugo Muetzell, Robert Depenheuer, Alfredo Jaquet, C. Bart, O. Quint, I. Michel, I. Faelmdrich, A. Boulaz and Walter Streule. Franz Schoenbrod, Louis Custer and Valvassori Emilia and another group of partners from FC Torinese who were absent, but had given their support to the club. The new club chose to play in different colours, opting in the end for "granata" (maroon).
Torino's first official match was played on 16 December 1906 at Vercelli against Pro Vercelli, winning 3–1. Torino in fact played the match in the yellow-black jerseys of FC Torinese, because they did not yet have the new uniform. The historic photo of that first meeting portrays a young boy destined to play an important role in the history of Italian football: Vittorio Pozzo.
The first derby was played on the new year, with Torino beating perennial rivals Juventus 2–1 at the Velodromo Umberto I. This would become Torino's home ground until 1910. On 3 February 1907, Torino beat Juventus away 4–1 to advance in the Girone Finale where they came second to A.C. Milan.
Torino did not participate in the 1908 Italian Football Championship, as a new rule passed limiting the number of foreign players a team could use. Instead, the club participated in two 'minor' tournaments: the "Palla Dapples" (a silver trophy in the shape of a regulation football) won 2–5 against Vercelli, and the Torneo Internazionale Stampa Sportiva (second place to Servette FC). In 1909, it was succeeded by the Sir Thomas Lipton Trophy, in which a Torino XI composed of Juventus and Torino players participated but did not make it to the final.
In 1912 Vittorio Pozzo joined the technical staff. With him, Torino participated in a tour of South America, which ended with six wins in as many games against teams of the calibre of the Argentine national team and Brazil's Corinthians. In this period, four different brothers: Eugenio, Francisco, Benito and Julio, also played for Torino (the Mosso brothers), although at different times.
During the 1914–15 season, Torino were denied their first real championship attempt by the outbreak of World War I. With one match left to play, Torino were second, two points behind leaders Genoa. In the last game Torino would have had the opportunity to play the Genoese, who were beaten in the first leg 6–1.
The longest match.
In the 1920–21 season, Torino finished on par with Legnano in the semi-final round and it was necessary the teams met in a play-off. The match ended 1–1 in normal time, and the regulations of the time provided extra time to the very end. Two extra 30 minute halves followed, after which was still a draw. The referee did start a third overtime, but after an additional 8 minutes of play, the teams mutually agreed to give up further play and shook hands.
The early twenties also saw the rise of the 'Martin brothers', like the Mosso brothers before, also in four. The strongest of which is Martin II, who would make 355 league appearances for Torino.
Torino experienced its first successful period at this time under the presidency of Count Enrico Marone Cinzano. The count built around "Campo Torino" the first of what would later become the famous Stadio Filadelfia (which would host all Torino home games until 1958) and bought top-class players to make a competitive team. In attack, Torino would boast the "trio delle meraviglie" (trio of wonders) composed of Julio Libonatti, Adolfo Baloncieri and Gino Rossetti. Under his leadership, Torino also won its first Scudetto in 1928, repeating the Scudetto of the previous year. The earlier Scudetto was revoked for corruption on the part of a Torino official and Juventus player Luigi Allemandi during a derby.
Based on the findings of the investigation Allemandi was approached at his home in Turin by an executive of Torino, Dr. Nani, who bribed the player half of the agreed sum (50,000 lire) before the derby. The derby ended with a victory by Torino 2–1. However Allemandi, in the opinion of Nani, distinguished himself among the best in the field contrary to the agreement. For this reason, Nani refused to pay the remaining 25,000 lire to the player. A discussion ensued between the two in Via Lagrange in the presence of a witness, Francesco Gaudioso, who was heard by journalist Renato Farminelli eavesdropping from another room. From this, Farminelli wrote an article at the end of the season titled "There's something rotten in Denmark", referring to a latter written by the Juventus defender claiming the balance of the agreed price.
This report would result in the investigation of the Federcalcio, whose president was then Leandro Arpinati, hierarch fascist, as well as the mayor and fan of the city of Bologna. The championship remained "unassigned" and therefore not given to Bologna, as Bologna company executives demanded. The "overwhelming evidence" was some pieces of paper found during an inspection where Allemandi asked for payment of the balance of 25,000 lire. The federal director, revoked the title from Torino and disqualified Allemandi for life.
Beginning with the abandonment of count Cinzano and the rise of Juventus, Torino experienced a slow decline in the early thirties that led to a series of mid-table finishes. However, Torino experienced a revival in the 1935–36 that would lay the basis for the club's golden age that followed, represented by "Il Grande Torino" (The Great Torino). That year, Torino finished third behind Bologna and Roma, but also won its first Coppa Italia. During the 1936–37 season, Torino finished in third place but also officially changed its name to "Associazione Calcio Torino" because of Italy's fascist regime. The final season of the 1930s saw Torino finish in second place, four points behind Bologna.
Il Grande Torino.
In the summer of 1939, industrialist Ferruccio Novo assumed presidency of Torino. Novo had began playing for Torino at a young age in 1913, but was not a great player ("I was a duffer," he would say, smiling). With his brother, he started a factory of leather accessories. Following the advice of Vittorio Pozzo, Novo surrounded himself with competent staff including Antonio Janni and Mario Spur (domestic champions of 1927-28). Lievesley Leslie was given the role of youth coach, while technical guide was given to Ernest Erbstein.
Novo's first move was to buy talented eighteen year old Franco Ossola from Varese under the suggestion of Janni (who had trained with Varese). In hindsight, this would be the first piece of the squad, costing 55 thousand lire. As Italy entered the Second World War, Novo took advantage of the climate of stagnation and lack of investment in Italian football. Before the 1941-42 season, Novo would buy an additional five players: left winger Pietro Ferraris from Ambrosiana-Inter for 250,000 lire, Romeo Menti from Fiorentina, a fast winger with a powerful shot (exchanged with Gei, specially taken from Liguria for 300,000 lire), then Alfredo Bodoira, Felice Borel and Guglielmo Gabetto from "enemies" Juventus.
Borel, who would later become Torino coach, suggested that Novo apply a new tactic called "sistema" (system) at Torino. At the time, Italian teams had been using the defensive "metodo" (method) strategy popularised by Vittorio Pozzo's Italy that won the 1938 World Cup. Novo approved the suggestion and decided to set up his Torino with this tactic. In 1942, the final pieces of the team arrived in Ezio Loik and Valentino Mazzola from Venezia for 1,400,000 lire. That year, Torino won its second Scudetto, securing it on the last day of the season with a goal from Mazzola against Bari. Torino also won the 1942-43 Coppa Italia, becoming the first team to win both championships in the same year.
The league returned to a single round format with 20 teams in 1946-47. Danilo Martelli arrived from Brescia, as well as Rosetta Francis from Novara and Dante Plans from Pro Vercelli.
In 1947-48, Torino was still coached by Luigi Ferrero. They won the championship with a ten-point advantage over Juventus after accumulating a sixteen match unbeaten streak, of which fourteen are victories. The team scored 104 goals, with Valentino Mazzola league top scorer. The 1947-48 was the longest in the history of Italian football, played by 21 teams for geopolitical reasons. Mario Sperone took over as coach. After a defeat in the second day to Bari, Torino won 6-0 at Lucchese and 7-0 at Roma. In 1947, Torino recorded its biggest ever home win in Torino-Alessandria 10-0. The season ended with Torino in first place and a 16 point advantage, with 6 consecutive victories. In particular, after going 3-0 down to Lazio, the team is able to overturn the result with 2 goals from Eusebio Castigliano, 1 from Guglielmo Gabetto and 1 from captain Mazzola in half an hour. The team finished the season with 29 victories in 40 matches, 125 goals and 33 goals conceded. In 1948-49, Vittorio Pozzo loses his role as coach of Italy and is replaced by Ferruccio Novo. Midfielder Rubens Fadini joined from Gallarate; and goalkeeper Dino Ballarin, brother of Aldo Ballarin from Chioggia. Piero Operto, Giulio Schubert, Emile Bongiorni and Ruggero Grava were also signed. Torino began the season after a tournament in Brazil against Palmeiras, Corinthians, São Paulo and Portuguesa, losing only once. The league was reduced to 20 teams, with Englishman Leslie Lievesley appointed as coach. Torino occasionally dropped from first position throughout the season due to injuries and the long suspension of Aldo Ballarin. On 30 April 1949, Inter was four points from Torino. The teams played directly in Milan with the match ending 0-0, thus winning the fifth consecutive title.
However, the cycle of wins was abruptly ended on 4 May 1949, when the plane carrying the entire team (returning from a friendly in Lisbon) crashed into the retaining wall behind the Basilica di Superga. The Superga Tragedy, claimed the lives of the entire team, the reserves, two managers (Agnisetta and Civalleri), technicians Egri Erbstein and Leslie Lievesley, the masseur Cortina and three journalists in tow: Luigi Cavallero, Renato Tosatti and Renato Casalbore.
From relegation to the championship.
Difficult years followed for Torino in the wake of the Superga tragedy. The club experienced a slow decline and in 1959 (then named "Talmone Torino") was relegated to Serie B for the first time. The stay in Serie B lasted only one season, with Torino winning the league and returning to the top flight in 1960–61. In 1963, Orfeo Pianelli assumed presidency of the club.
In 1964–65, Torino, led by Nereo Rocco finished 3rd due in part to new team protagonist, Gigi Meroni. Meroni, nicknamed the "granata butterfly", was a fantastic playmaker and dribbler of the ball. However, on 15 October 1967 Meroni was struck and killed by a car while crossing the street in Corso Re Umberto I after a league match played against Sampdoria. The car was driven by Attilio Romero (who became Torino president from 2000-2005). Torino finished the season in 7th place, also winning Coppa Italia. After his death, Meroni would go on to become a club icon.
The reconstruction of Torino launched by Pianelli would continue in 1971 with an additional Coppa Italia. In 1971–72, Torino finished in 2nd place, just 1 point behind rivals Juventus. Across the next 3 seasons, Torino would finish near the top of the table (preludes to what would be Torino's 7th league title). 
Torino won the championship in the 1975-76 season, at the end of a comeback against the Juventus of Carlo Parola, who in the spring had come to have a 5 point advantage over Torino. However, a three-game losing streak for Juventus (the second of which was in the derby) allowed Torino to overtake the Bianconeri in the league standings. In the final day of the league, Torino held a one point advantage and, until then, were always victorious at home. Cesena played Torino at the Comunale, but the match did not go beyond a draw. However, Juventus lost at Perugia. The Scudetto was won by two points ahead of Juventus: 27 years after Superga.
Torino challenged for the title the following year, finishing second on 50 points against Juventus, on 51. In 1978, Torino once again came second (tied with Vicenza), still behind Juventus but more detached. In later years, while remaining a top team, Torino began a slow decline, with the exception of second place in the 1984-85 championship. In 1987–88 Torino lost a play-off qualification to the UEFA Cup against Juventus.
Venture in Europe.
At the end of the 1988–89 season, Torino was relegated to Serie B for the second time in its history. The year in the "cadets" seemed to regenerate the team, which won the second division with new arrivals Roberto Mussi, Roberto Policano and Francesco Romano. The 1989–90 season also saw the return of winger Gianluigi Lentini, who would become the most expensive player in the world for four years when he transferred to A.C. Milan for £13m in 1992.
Under the guidance of Emiliano Mondonico, the team qualified for the UEFA Cup in 1990–91, finishing 5th place in Serie A. 1990 saw many important acquisitions for the club, with the likes of Rafael Martín Vázquez from Real Madrid, Belgian playmaker Vincenzo Scifo, centre forward Walter Casagrande and Enrico Annoni - dubbed "Tarzan" by Torino fans. It would also see the signing of ex-Juventus defender Pasquale Bruno, which was highly controversial at the time. The Comunale was also abandoned in favour of the Stadio delle Alpi, which Torino would occupy until 2006. On 4 June 1991, Torino won the Mitropa Cup, which also saw the one-off return of eighties club icon "Leo" Júnior.
The venture in Europe during the 1991–92 season was successful: with Torino finishing second, eliminating among others, Real Madrid. After a 2–2 draw in Turin during the first leg of the UEFA Cup Final, Torino lost on aggregate to Ajax in Amsterdam with the match ending 0–0. Torino were unfortunate in the final match against Ajax, hitting the crossbar 3 times and an alleged penalty denied. An infuriated Mondonico vented by raising his chair to the sky on the sideline, an image that became etched in the history of Torino. That year, Torino finished 3rd place in the league with a potent attacking midfield that consisted of Lentini, Policano and Scifo, contributing almost half of Torino's 42 league goals.
In July 1992, Torino fans sieged club headquarters when it was reported Gianluigi Lentini would be "sacrificed" with the club in urgent need of money. Roberto Goveani replaced Gian Mauro Borsano as club president. 
In 1992–93, Torino won its fifth Coppa Italia, beating Roma in the final. Torino won 3–0 across the first leg at home. The second leg was a close contest with Roma winning 5–2 (3 penalty kicks awarded by the referee). By virtue of the away goal rule in the event of a tie, Torino won the trophy in the same manner it had lost UEFA Cup a year earlier.
After the conquest of Coppa Italia, the club went through a period of serious economic difficulties and was on the verge of bankruptcy, the squad was dismantled. Changing president and coach, results continued to worsen in 1995 with a derby lost 5–0 and at the end of the season the team was relegated to Serie B for the third time. In 1997–98, Torino lost the league play-offs on penalties to Perugia (3–5 away). Torino secured promotion in 1998–99 after finishing second, due in part to striker Marco Ferrante who was league top-scorer with 27 goals.
The rebirth after bankruptcy.
The promotion was short-lived with Torino relegated already at the end of the 1999–2000 season. The team was promoted again the following season under Giancarlo Camolese, winning Serie B. In the 2001-02 Torino survived relegation and qualified for the Intertoto Cup. After beating Austrian side SC Bregenz 2-1 across both legs, they were eliminated by Spaniards Villarreal on penalty kicks (3-4). The team finished last in the league, alternating 4 coaches: Camolese, Renzo Ulivieri, Renato Zaccarelli and Giacomo Ferri. In the aftermath of the relegation on 4 May 2003, 50,000 fans marched from the remains of the Filadelfia stadium, passing the memorial plaque of Gigi Meroni, leading to the tomb of Grande Torino at Superga.
The 2003–04 Serie B season that saw 24 teams participate (the highest ever) with Torino finishing in an anonymous 12th place. Under the guidance of Zaccarelli, Torino qualified for the playoffs in the 2004–05 season, eliminating Ascoli in the semi-finals. On 26 June 2005, Torino celebrated the return to Serie A, beating Perugia (nemesis from the 1998 playoffs). However, the joy was short-lived, with the heavy debts the club accumulated during the past administrations (the last under Cimminelli) meant the club was denied entry into Serie A. The verdict was appealed, but after 40 days, "Torino Calcio" was declared definitively unsuitable for participation in the league. On 9 August 2005, after 99 years, Torino Calcio was inevitably declared bankrupt and ceased to exist.
A group of lawyers headed by Pierluigi Marengo subsequently established a new professional entity known as "Società Civile Campo Torino" (taken from the old name of the Stadio Filadelfia). An admission was submitted to law "Lodo Petrucci", which guarantees transfer to the new company the titles and sporting merits of the former club and registration to Serie B, so as to avoid having to start from Serie C. A first economic proposal, however, was deemed insufficient by the FIGC: the consortium then added the sponsorship of the municipal SMAT (the company that manages the watter supply in Turin), thus completing the bureaucratic process.
On 16 August 2005, the FIGC officially entrusted the new company with the titles of Torino Calcio: the new leadership, restarting from scratch, acquired the burden of re-establishing the whole club (including players and employees). On 19 August, in the bar Norman (once known as the Voigt brewery, origin of the club), the club was sold to Italian businessman Urbano Cairo, who just the day before had made an offer to buy the club. The reunification to the "old" Torino was completed on 12 July 2006 when at a bankruptcy auction Cairo purchased the cups and memorabilia of the Grande Torino for €1,411,000.
When everything seemed to be concluded for the transition to the wealthy entrepreneur, Luke Giovannone, who had contributed €180,000 to finance the Lodo Petrucci, refused to sell. In an ongoing negotiation involving the mayor of Turin (Sergio Chiamparino), Giovannone changed his mind (infuriating fans, who had already acclaimed Urbano Cairo new president). Giovannone fled the city and became unavailable. Traced in a Moncalieri hotel, he was besieged by fans, refusing to mediate with the Mayor. Escorted by police, he left the city. On 26 August, at a shareholders' meeting resolution of SCC Torino, capital was raised to €10 million and Torino Football Club Srl was officially created. On 31 August, Giovannone yields after a long and exhausting negotiation process and on 2 September 2005 Cairo became the second president in the history of the new Torino (after the lawyer Marengo). Gianni De Biasi was immediately instated as head coach; and sport director: Fabrizio Salvatori (former player). Cairo also transformed the company from Srl to Spa with €10 million for capital.
The team made its debut just 7 days after the signing of Cairo, reinforced by late signings (some of whom bought the night before) and the players inherited from the former "lodisti". The team debuted victoriously against Albinoleffe, 1-0 with a goal from Enrico Fantini. It would also highlight a young player taken from Parma, Alessandro Rosina. The 2005–06 Serie B season saw Torino qualify for the playoffs, with the players of the new Torino winning promotion after defeating Cesena (1-1 and 1-0) and in the final with the Mantova (2-4 and 3-1 after extra time).
Colours and badge.
Torino is traditionally represented by the colour maroon. In the first few weeks of the clubs existence, the players used the faded orange and black shirts of Football Club Torinese, which at the time were yellow and black. The Torino uniform consists of: a maroon shirt, white shorts (sometimes also maroon) and black socks with maroon cuffs.
It is unknown exactly why the club chose maroon. One theory suggests that the choice of colour was because founding member Alfred Dick was a supporter of Genevan club Servette, which also wore maroon. Another theory suggests that the colour was adopted from the brigade of Savoy, that had adopted a blood-colored handkerchief in honour of the fallen messenger carrying news of victory in the liberation of Turin exactly 200 years before the club was founded. In Italian, maroon translates to "granata", one of the clubs common nicknames.
The away kit consists of: a white shirt with maroon trimmings, maroon shorts (sometimes white) and white socks with maroon cuffs. 
A common recurring away shirt consists of a white shirt with a diagonal maroon stripe: the design pays homage to Argentine club River Plate, that has historical ties to Torino since the times of the Superga tragedy. The shirt was debuted on 6 January 1953 against A.C. Milan, ending 1–1.
During the 2007–08 season, Torino presented a third kit that consisted of a shirt with orange and black vertical stripes, in reference to the historical progenitors of Torino: L'Internazionale Torino and Football Club Torinese. It only appeared once throughout the entire season, on 23 December 2007, away to Napoli ending 1–1.
Stadium.
After the formation, Torino began playing its matches at the Stadio Velodrome Umberto on 13 January 1907. The Velodrome was used until 9 January 1910, before moving to the "Campo di Piazza d'Armi", where there were numerous fields: From 23 January 1910, Torino used the "Lato Ferrovia" and from 26 February 1911 the "Lato Crocetta". In the 1913 season, Torino transferred to an actual stadium, the "Stradale Stupinigi". The stadium was in an area of Turin located not far where the Filadelfia would be located. With the outbreak of the First World War, the Stradale was used for military purposes.
From 11 October 1925 and for the duration of the 1925–26 season, Torino played its home games at the "Motovelodromo di Corso Casale" (today, restored and dedicated to Fausto Coppi where it hosts American Football meetings) while awaiting transfer to the Stadio Filadelfia. The Filadelfia, which is inextricably linked to the deeds of the Grande Torino, first opened on 17 October 1926 in a match against Fortitudo Roma. It hosted all of Torino's home games until 11 May 1958 (Torino-Genoa 4–2) before falling into disuse. The reconstruction of the ground has since been used as a ploy for various Torino presidents to gain influence with the fans. A reconstruction project believed to cost in the region of €8 million is currently planned.
In the 1958-59 season, Torino played at the Stadio Vittorio Pozzo, commonly known as the "Comunale". The move was short lived, as Torino returned to the Filadelfia because of superstition surrounding the Comunale because of the first relegation to Serie B in the clubs history. The Filadelfia was used again in 1959-60, 1961–62 and 1962–63 (in the final season, only for significant games) before the move to the Comunale was completed. At the time, the Comunale was capable of holding 65,000 people and was the sight of Torino's last championship in 1976.
On 27 May 1990, it was abandoned in favour of the Stadio delle Alpi, a stadium purposely built for the 1990 FIFA World Cup with a capacity of 70,000 seats. The stadium cost an estimated €200 million to build and was paid for by the city of Turin and the Italian National Olympic Committee, which in turn demanded athletics tracks. The result was a "soulless" stadium that fans hated due to poor visibility and design flaws that left spectators exposed to the elements. The ground was shared with Juventus and abandoned in 2006.
Following stadium reconstructions for the XX Olympic Winter Games, Torino returned to the site of the former Comunale, renamed: Stadio Olimpico di Torino, or simply, "Stadio Olimpico". It has a capacity of 28,140 seats, 38,000 less than the original Comunale (in accordance with modern safety standards), and has hosted all Torino home games since 2006.
Supporters and rivalries.
Twin Clubs.
In Italy, football clubs are commonly "twinned" or form friendships between different fan bases. Fans of Torino are commonly twinned with Fiorentina. The link was born in the 1970s from a shared anti-Juventus sentiment and a closeness with the "viola" since the time of Superga. Torino fans are also on good terms with Curva Nord of Alessandria and the Curva Nord of Nocerina. Internationally, the club has a good rapport with the fans of River Plate, Peñarol, Corinthians, Raith Rovers, Celtic Glasgow, Nizza, Manchester City and Millwall.
Friendship with Corinthians.
The friendship between the Corinthians and Torino dates back to 1914. In that year, the Torino became the first Italian club to tour in South America. The destinations were Brazil and Argentina. Torino landed in the port of Santos and travelled by train to São Paulo. Torino played six friendly matches, all played at the Estádio Palestra Itália of the city of São Paulo. The granata won all the games, two of which were played against the Corinthians. The first match between the two teams on 15 August 1914 was also the first international match in the history of the Corinthians, dominated 3–0 by Torino with goals from Debernardi II and Arioni II (2).
The second friendly match was played on 22 August 1914. Vittorio Pozzo told a São Paulo newspaper that it proved the most difficult game of the entire tour. The match ended 1–1 at half-time, until Debernardi II scored the winning goal for Torino in the final minutes. The match was officiated by referee Charles Miller, who had introduced football to the city of São Paulo in 1894. Despite the result, the two clubs - both popular at home - cultivated and maintained a friendship.
In 1948, when Torino returned to play in Brazil, they once again played Corinthians. This time, the Brazilian club took victory 2–1, the only defeat of the Grande Torino during the entire tour. On 4 May 1949 when the entire Grande Torino perished in a plane crash of Superga, Corinthians paid tribute by wearing the Torino home shirt in a friendly against Portuguesa.
In the 2011 season, Corinthians wore a third jersey that was maroon with "1949" on the back, in memory of the Grande Torino.
Rivalries.
Torino's traditional rivals are Juventus. Their minor rivalries are with U.C. Sampdoria, Hellas Verona, A.S. Roma, Atalanta B.C., Brescia Calcio, Mantova F.C., S.S. Lazio, Bologna F.C., U.S. Lecce, A.C. Perugia Calcio, A.C. Milan, Inter Milan, Delfino Pescara, Calcio Padova, Ternana Calcio and with Piacenza. Of note, there was also a rivalry with the fans of Reggina Calcio starting in 1989 and ending in 2004. The rivalry with the fans of Genoa C.F.C. ended in 2009 (after more than thirty years) during the penultimate day of the 2009 season, which saw Torino lose and effectively relegate to Serie B.
Rivalry with Juventus.
Torino's main rivalry is contested with neighbours Juventus in the "Turin derby" or Derby della Mole. Until 29 September 2013, 228 matches (of which 187 relate to official competitions) have been played in the derby between Torino and Juventus. Juventus lead 78 wins to 55, with 54 draws, 272 goals scored by Juventus, 232 from Torino. The first derby was played in 1907 with Torino winning, 2–1.
Players.
Retired numbers.
12 - Retired in the 1998–99 season as a sign of recognition towards the fans who sit in the Curva Maratona, symbolically considered the 12th man in the pitch.
Managerial history.
Torino have had many managers and trainers, some seasons they have had co-managers running the team, here is a chronological list of them from 1912 onwards.
Honours.
National.
Notes:
<br> Torino won the title in the 1926–27 season, but it was later revoked.
Club statistics and records.
Giorgio Ferrini holds the record for all-time appearances for Torino with 566 appearances accumulated from 1959 to 1975. 
Among the all time top goal scorers, Paolo Pulici leads with 172 official goals (in 437 appearances) between 1967-1982. Pulici is the only Torino player to have been league top scorer on three separate occasions or was able to repeat it: 1972–1973 (17) 1974–1975 (18) and 1975–1976 (21).
Gino Rossetti scored 36 league goals in the top flight during 1928–29, setting the Italian football and club record for most goals in a single season. Italian Argentine Julio Libonatti narrowly missed the record; with 35 goals in 1927–28.
Luigi Radice is the longest serving coach in the history of Torino, leading the team from 1975-1980 and then 1984-1989. He also holds the distinction of being the only Torino coach to win a Scudetto since Superga.
Between 1943 and 1949, Torino tied the Serie A record for most consecutive championships won (5), not considering the interruption to the league in 1943–44 due to the Second World War. Previously, only Juventus had won 5 consecutive titles from 1930-1935.

</doc>
<doc id="19450782" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19450782" title="Mick Ryan (golfer)">
Mick Ryan (golfer)

Michael J. "Mick" Ryan (18 July 1897 - 1965) was an Australian amateur golfer who won the Australian Open in 1932. He also played Australian rules football for South Melbourne in the Victorian Football League (VFL).
Ryan made just one senior appearance for South Melbourne, in the 1918 VFL season, when they defeated Richmond in a game at Lake Oval. South Melbourne went on to win the premiership that year. 
Ryan joined the Royal Park Golf Club in 1925 and won their Championship the following year. He later went to Kingston Heath.
In 2002 he was named in the Victorian Golf Team of the Century.

</doc>
<doc id="19450809" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19450809" title="The Mock Tempest">
The Mock Tempest

The Mock Tempest, or the Enchanted Castle is a Restoration era stage play, a parody by Thomas Duffet; it premiered in 1674, and was first printed in 1675 by the bookseller William Cademan. In creating his farce, Duffet's target was not Shakespeare's famous play, but the adaptation of it that John Dryden and Sir William Davenant wrote in the 1660s. According to critic Michael West, "There are frequent nautical metaphors, and 'more noyse and terrour than a Tempest at Sea'..." 
Background.
The first Theatre Royal, Drury Lane burned down of 25 January 1672. Its occupant, the King's Company, suddenly faced a major problem, and a great disadvantage compared to the rival Duke's Company. One way in which the King's troupe responded to their situation was by staging parodies of their rivals' popular successes. One of those successes was "The Tempest, or the Enchanted Island", the Dryden/Davenant adaptation that had first been staged in 1667. In 1674 that work had been mounted in a new musical or "operatic" version, prepared by Thomas Shadwell. Duffet, a minor dramatist and songwriter, produced his lampoon before the end of that year; "The Mock Tempest" likely premiered on 19 November 1674. "The Design of this Play was to draw the Town from the Duke's Theatre, who for a considerable amount of time had frequented that admirable reviv'd comedy called "The Tempest"."
The plot.
Duffet's "Mock Tempest" is set not in any exotic location, but securely in the London familiar to its audience – specifically the lower reaches of contemporaneous London society. The storm that opens the play, in both the Shakespeare and Dryden/Davenant versions, is replaced in Duffet's by a riot in a brothel. Mother Stephania, a bawd, leads her cohort of pimps, prostitutes, and aristocratic customers in a valiant but vain effort to drive off an assault from the town's apprentices. the long-running conflict between London 'prentices and sex-trade workers, see: "Holland's Leaguer". The local watch carries off all the participants to Bridewell prison (the "enchanted castle"); there, the jailkeeper Prospero Whiffe reveals that the raid on the brothel was inspired by his ethereal spirit Ariel – a pickpocket.
The parody goes on to mangle the romances of Prospero's two daughters (called Dorinda and Hippolito, in Dryden and Davenant's adaptation). Dryden and Davenant made Hippolito and Dorinda ignorant of the opposite sex; Duffet's "Dorinda and Miranda" are "very" familiar with men, but get confused by the concept of a "husband" —
Along the way, Duffet mocks Davenant's musical adaptation of "Macbeth", staged in 1664 but first printed in 1674. (Duffet also ridicules Davenent's "Macbeth" in his Epilogue to his burlesque of Elkanah Settle's "The Empress of Morocco", another work of 1674.) The Duke of Mantua has a son who is a Quaker (his name is "Quakero"), allowing for comedy on that subject. And there is also "talk or enactment of drunkenness, violence, mutilation, cannibalism; of pimping, prostitution, adultery, incest; of hypocrisy, cowardice, torture, execution; of urine, vermin, venereal disease; of deviance, dissolution, and death."
The last act of Duffet's play features a parody of Ariel's song "Where the bee sucks, there suck I" from the final scene of "The Tempest". Duffet's version is "Where good ale is, there suck I." The parody version was sung by Betty Mackerel, an orange vender who was promoted to the stage.
"The Mock Tempest" may have been revived in 1682.
A modern version.
A modern adaptation of "The Mock Tempest" was mounted by Shakespeare Santa Cruz in 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="19450817" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19450817" title="Kaiwera Downs Wind Farm">
Kaiwera Downs Wind Farm

The Kaiwera Downs Wind Farm is a proposed wind farm to be located in the Southland region of New Zealand. It is expected to have a maximum capacity of 240MW and use up 83 turbines. It will be owned and operated by TrustPower.
The project received resource consent in June 2008.
Location.
The wind farm will be about 15 kilometres south-east of Gore, within an area of .

</doc>
<doc id="19450824" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19450824" title="Merissa Smith">
Merissa Smith

Merissa Smith (born 11 November 1990) is an association football player who represented New Zealand at international level.
Smith made her full Football Ferns debut in a 0–3 loss to China on 14 November 2006, and represented New Zealand at the 2007 FIFA Women's World Cup finals in China, where they lost to Brazil 0–5, Denmark (0–2) and China (0–2).
Smith was also included in the New Zealand squad for the 2008 Summer Olympic games where they drew with Japan (2–2) before losing to Norway (0–1) and Brazil (0–4).
She appeared in a group game for New Zealand at the 2006 Women's U-20 World Cup finals, and again represented the young ferns at the 2008 Women's U-20 World Cup in Chile.

</doc>
<doc id="19450837" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19450837" title="Joe Arundel">
Joe Arundel

Joe Arundel (born 22 August 1991 in Yorkshire) is an English professional rugby league footballer for Hull FC in the Super League. He plays as a centre.
Joe made his debut for Castleford in a Super League game against Huddersfield in 2008. 
Joe played in 9 games for Castleford in 2010 and impressed scoring 2 tries. He has been handed the number 4 jersey for the 2011 season as is expected to be a starter each week.

</doc>
<doc id="19450857" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19450857" title="Rebecca Smith (footballer)">
Rebecca Smith (footballer)

Rebecca Katie Smith (born 17 June 1981 in Los Angeles, California) is a former New Zealand soccer player who has represented her country at international level.
Early life.
Rebecca attended high school at Chadwick School in Palos Verdes, California and played soccer there during her freshman year. She graduated in 1999.
Career.
A natural leader, Rebecca captained Duke University side before landing a professional contract in Europe.
Smith played for the Newcastle United Jets in the W-League and Sunnanå SK before being signed by VfL Wolfsburg on 2 February 2009. Smith formerly trained with and had played friendlies for the club.
In 2013 she ended her career for knee problems.
International.
Smith made her Football Ferns debut in a 15-0 victory over Samoa on 7 April 2003, and captained New Zealand at the 2007 FIFA Women's World Cup finals in China, where they lost to Brazil 0-5, Denmark (0-2) and China (0-2).
Smith was also included in the New Zealand squad for the 2008 Summer Olympic games where they drew with Japan (2-2) before losing to Norway(0-1) and USA (0-4).
Smith's solid performances in New Zealand's rearguard earned her a FIFA Women's World Player of the Year nomination in 2007 and New Zealand Player of the Year in 2007.
Smith played her 50th international in a friendly against Australia on 12 May 2011.
She was part of the New Zealand team that reached the quarter-finals at the 2012 Summer Olympics.
On September 18 2013, Smith announced her retirement from football.

</doc>
<doc id="19450883" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19450883" title="Maarif, Azerbaijan">
Maarif, Azerbaijan

Maarif (also, Maarifkend) is a village in the Gadabay Rayon of Azerbaijan. The village forms part of the municipality of Slavyanka.

</doc>
<doc id="19450952" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19450952" title="Qazmalar">
Qazmalar

Qazmalar (also, Kazmalar) is a village and municipality in the Qakh Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 249.

</doc>
<doc id="19450963" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19450963" title="Aaron Cross">
Aaron Cross

Aaron Cross (born in Waterloo, Iowa, on June 28, 1975) is a quadriplegic American archer. 
Education and sport.
He graduated from Augsburg College in 1997. He competed in the 1996 Summer Paralympics and in the 2000 Summer Paralympics, but did not medal either time. He went on to compete in the 2002 Wheelchair Archery World Championships in Nymburk. Finally as a member of the American team he won bronze in Archery at the 2004 Summer Paralympics. 
The accident that paralyzed him occurred when he was training for the Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="19451022" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19451022" title="Torino (disambiguation)">
Torino (disambiguation)

Torino may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19451067" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19451067" title="Claudiu David">
Claudiu David

Claudiu David is a Romanian rally driver.
Career.
Romanian Rally Championship.
Born and residing in Sinaia, a town and ski resort in Romania, David became a multiple class champion in the Romanian rally championship. He drove his first four-wheel drive season in 2006 and finished runner-up by only one championship point. In 2008, he had to retire prematurely from the national championship due to the lack of sponsors, although he had scored one victory and two second places out of the five rallyes he raced in.
World Rally Championship.
David was selected, due to his strong performances in the national championship, to race three rounds of the 2007 World Rally Championship (WRC) in the P-WRC category: Rally Argentina, Rally Japan and Rally GB. A year before, he was selected to drive in Rally Australia but couldn't attend the event due to a Romanian Racing Federations conflict which had left him without international licence. In 2007, for the three rounds of the WRC, the car was a Group N Mitsubishi Lancer Evo IX prepared by Stohl Racing team from Austria and entered in the OMV Bixxol Rally Team programme for promotion of young talents from the Eastern Europe. At the end of the year his main sponsor, the OMV Group, retired from motorsports, which left David without the main financial support.
Circuit racing.
In 2007, David competed in circuit racing in the first ever FIA-GT race organised in the streets of Bucharest. He won the manufacturer's Dodge cup. He has then driven a GT3 Dodge Viper Competition Coupe of and finished 8th overall of the GT3 category.
Hungarian Rally Championship.
On 1 August 2009, David obtained an impressive group N win on his first appearance in the Hungarian Rally Championship; the 42nd Allianz Rallye at Pecs (tarmac). Driving the Mitsubishi Lancer Evo IX prepared by the local team Topp Cars, he had a close battle with Hungarian rival on Subaru and won the gr N class (and 4th overall behind three WRC cars) by 0.9 seconds.
American Rally Championship.
On January 23-24th, the Romanian Claudiu David contested his first official rally in the USRC (United States Rally Championship): Winter Rally New York. After two days of racing on very difficult conditions (icy and snow covered roads), he won his category (2WD - 2 wheel drive) and finished on the podium of the overall standings (3rd) on a Mazda 3 Turbo.
Future.
David's main goal is to become Romania's first-ever World Rally Champion. His plans for next year are to compete in a full P-WRC season in order to fight for the world title. Mihaela Beldie is his co-driver since 2004.
Results.
2010 - USRC (United States Rally Championship). Round 1: New York Winter Rally (snow and ice) - winner of the 2 wheel drive category (2WD), 3rd in the overall rally standings, behind two 4WD cars - Mazda 3 Turbo
2009 - 2 rallyes in the Romanian Championship (Timisoara and Iasi); 1 rallye in the Hungarian Championship: 42nd Allianz Rallye Pecs - winner of the gr N (4th overall) - Mitsubishi Lancer Evo IX
2008 - 5 rallyes in the Romanian Championship, 1 win (Cluj - tarmac), 2 podiums (Brasov - tarmac, Sibiu - gravel) - Mitsubishi Lancer Evo IX
2007 - 3 Rallyes in the FIA World Rally Championship (Argentina, Japan and Wales Rally GB), P-WRC category; 1 Rallye in the FIA European Championship (Waltviertel, Austria) - Mitsubishi Lancer Evo IX; 1 circuit race in FIA-GT3, Bucharest Challenge (Dodge Viper GT3)
2006 - Runner-up in the Romanian Rally Championship, at 1 point behind the first place, 2 wins (Piatra Neamt, Brasov - gravel) – Mitsubishi Lancer Evo VII, the first season on a four wheel drive cars
2004-2005 – National Class Champion of the N 1.6 Trophy in the Romanian Championship (VW Polo); class winner (N2) at Waldviertel Rally, Austria in 2004, round of the FIA European Championship
2003 – 3rd place in the group H of the Romanian Rally Championship (Renault 5 GT Turbo)
2001-2002 – with very limited founds, Claudiu takes part at selected rounds of the National Championship (group H), recording some podium finishes (Renault 5 GT Turbo and Opel Corsa GTI)
2000 - Vice-champion of the rookie challenge in the Romanian Rallye Championship (Opel Corsa GTI)
1996-1997 - Rallycross – (Opel Rekord)

</doc>
<doc id="19451074" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19451074" title="Dadar Kirti">
Dadar Kirti

Dadar Kirti () (Deeds of my elder brother) (1980) is a Bengali comic-romantic film starring Tapas Paul, Mahuya Roychoudhury, Ayan Banerjee and Debasree Roy. The film was based on an unpublished novel of Saradindu Bandopadhyay. Directed by Tarun Majumdar, it was a huge box office success upon its release and still has a popular following.
Plot.
Kedar Chatujye (Tapas Paul), a dim-witted simpleton, is exiled to his uncle’s house in a small town in Bihar by his father, who is extremely angry with him for being unable to pass his B.A. exams after three attempts. The simple-minded Kedar becomes the butt of all jokes of his cousin Santu (Ayan Banerjee) gang of friends led by Bhombol Bhattacharjee also known as Bhombolda (Anup Kumar).
He falls in love with Saraswati (Mahua Roychoudhury) a girl with a strong, no-nonsense character who is the elder sister of Santu’s betrothed Beena (Debashree Roy). Saraswati’s parents too are impressed by Kedar’s decency and simplicity; she softens up to Kedar. However, Bhombolda and his gang create misunderstandings between the two. An extremely disappointed Saraswati decides to marry a rich boy from Bhagalpur (Kaushik Banerjee). But at the end, Bhombolda and Boudi (Sandhya Roy) realise that Kedar has a heart of gold and admits his wrongdoing leading Saraswati getting married to Kedar.
Music.
The music director of the film is Hemanta Mukherjee. The film has many uses of Rabindra Sangeet such as Charana Dharite, Eso Prano Bharana and also Bodhu Kon Alo Laaglo Chokhe, Guru Guru Guru Guru Ghono Megho which was the part of the play 'Chitrangada" in the movie. There were also a few songs which were originally written by Saradindu Bandopadhyay like Tomar Dake Sara Dite, Ki Roope and also a holi song, Elo Re Elo Re Elo Holi Elo. The music of the film was a huge hit upon release and is still popular today.

</doc>
<doc id="19451123" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19451123" title="University of Greifswald Faculty of Business and Law">
University of Greifswald Faculty of Business and Law

The University of Greifswald Faculty of Business and Law () is one of five faculties of the university that is situated in Greifswald, Germany. Its roots go back to the founding of the university in the year 1456.
Business Administration.
In various rankings, the management programmes at the University of Greifswald get nation-wide top places in Germany.
Business management degrees offered include the traditional German 4-year diploma as well as B.A., and M.A..
Law.
As a consequence of education reforms, jurisprudence will, in the future, be concentrated at the University of Greifswald and the Faculty of Law at the University of Rostock will be closed.
At the Faculty of Law and Economics, courses are offered in jurisprudence leading to the German State Examination as well as LL.B. and LL.M. degrees.
Associated People.
Former staff members include Rudolf Agricola, Carl Schmitt, Friedrich Spielhagen, and Bernhard Windscheid. Alumni are for instance Georg Beseler, Bernhard von Bülow, Erich Mix, and Walter Serner.

</doc>
<doc id="19451134" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19451134" title="Sonja Bernhardt">
Sonja Bernhardt

Sonja Bernhardt OAM is an Australian information technology industry identity extensively involved in mentoring and role model programs for women in IT. She was founder and Inaugural President of WiT (Women in Technology) in Queensland in 1997 and co founder and Inaugural President of AWISE (Australian Women in IT, Science and Engineering) in 2005, not for profit industry groups that run community based projects and programs specifically to encourage women and girls into technology careers. In addition, Bernhardt is responsible for a number of initiatives to raise the profile of women in technology and break perceptions of technology careers as "nerdy" or "male", such as the 2007 Screen Goddess IT Calendar, IT's Million $ Babes Awards and Doing IT Around the World.
Career.
Sonja Bernhardt (born 1959 in Launceston, Tasmania) was employed as a consultant by Mincom Limited prior to February 1999 when she established her own software development firm – ThoughtWare Australia. Bernhardt was the first Australian inducted into the WITI (Women in Technology International) Hall of Fame (2005) and was awarded an Medal of the Order of Australia (OAM) for service to the IT community in 2011.
Community projects
Bernhardt is active in the area of supporting women in IT especially addressing the under-representation of women in technology, and towards these goals both founded WiT in Queensland and co-founded AWISE, a national Australia umbrella group. Through AWISE and WiT Bernhardt has been involved in many girl and women in technology perception altering, awareness raising, mentoring and role model projects. For example, Go Girl - Go For IT and the Board Readiness Program. Bernhardt herself has been featured as a female role model by both the Queensland Government and Australian Government.
In addition Bernhardt initiated voluntary community projects including the controversial "Screen Goddess IT Calendar", which featured 20 female role models in poses inspired by famous movies, “IT’s Million $ Babes Award” recognising successful Australian female entrepreneurs, and “Doing IT Around the World”, a diary and series of e-booklets featuring the work and lives of 36 women in technology covering all continents around the world on 11 August (chosen as the date Hedy Lamarr was awarded the spread spectrum patent) 2008.
Volunteer positions 
Bernhardt has held several positions in the women and technology and IT policy community, including:
Awards and recognition
Bernhardt's volunteer work in IT especially for increasing the career takeup and profile of women in technology has been recognised by:
Publications
Bernhardt's publications include:

</doc>
<doc id="19451156" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19451156" title="Tsuen King Circuit">
Tsuen King Circuit

Tsuen King Circuit () is a place and a road in Tsuen Wan, New Territories, Hong Kong. It is located at a hill in the northwest of Chai Wan Kok Industrial Area, so it was also called "West Chai Wan Kok". There are mainly private housing estates in this area. 

</doc>
<doc id="19451163" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19451163" title="Semantic Interoperability Centre Europe">
Semantic Interoperability Centre Europe

The Semantic Interoperability Centre Europe (SEMIC.EU) was an eGovernment service initiated by the European Commission and managed by the Interoperable Delivery of European eGovernment Services to public Administrations, Businesses and Citizens (IDABC) Unit. As one of the 'horizontal measures' of the IDABC, it was established as a permanent implementation of the principles stipulated in the 'European Interoperability Framework' (EIF).
It offered a service for the exchange of semantic interoperability solutions, with a focus on demands of eGovernment in Europe. Through the establishment of a single sharing and collaboration point, the European Union wanted to resolve the problems of semantic interoperability amongst the EU member states. The main idea behind the service was to make visible specifications that already exist, so as to increase their reuse. In this way, governmental agencies and developers benefit as they do not reinvent the wheel, they reduce development costs, and increase the interoperability of their systems. 
In December 2011, the content and the activities of SEMIC.eu was migrated to a new collaborative platform: Joinup. The reason for the migration to Joinup was to provide public administrations in Europe with better communication and collaboration tools to share experience with interoperability solutions for public administrations, to increase the number of users and to leverage synergies between the OSOR.eu and SEMIC.eu user communities, while optimising the use of public funding. 
Objectives.
The IDABC programme listed the efficient implementation of pan-European eGovernment services as an important purpose of SEMIC.eu. According to the website, the initial idea behind SEMIC.eu was “to make use of the knowledge already generated in other projects to the benefit of others”. As a network of eGovernment projects and communities, SEMIC.eu was open for participation to all stakeholders in the field of public services and eGovernment. The projects involved provided and re-used solutions for seamless data interchange, preserving the original meaning of the data. Data exchange methods were provided by stakeholders, harmonised and pooled. SEMIC.eu was also described as an implementation-oriented preparation for standardisation measures. Built upon its function as a facilitator of European harmonisation, the centre participated in international standardisation organisations. Another objective highlighted by the European Commission is the provision of scientific as well as practical information on all matters related to semantic interoperability.
Platform, repository and service.
The website www.semic.eu was built around a repository of real-life solutions labelled as 'interoperability assets' (XML schemas, code lists, ontologies, taxonomies, classification schemes, etc.) provided by projects and organisations in the sector. For instance, various French ministries and the Danish Telecom agency provided developed solutions. 
The assets were subject to a standardised and supervised clearing process to ensure conformity with high quality standards. This involved peer review and incremental enhancement of the assets. However, they remained available at all stages of the process, making it possible to reuse them in different projects, contexts or domains at any time. Moreover, each asset contained a forum thread.

</doc>
<doc id="19451164" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19451164" title="University of Greifswald Faculty of Arts">
University of Greifswald Faculty of Arts

The Faculty of Philosophy of Greifswald University ("Philosophische Fakultät der Ernst-Moritz-Arndt-Universität Greifswald") is one of five faculties and the founding faculty of the University of Greifswald in Greifswald, Germany.
The faculty's research and teaching focuses on languages and cultures of Northern and Eastern Europe. Subjects, such as Latvian and Lithuanian Studies, Slavic Studies, Finnish Studies (including Estonian Studies) and Scandinavian Studies are offered by only a few other universities in Germany.
Other classic disciplines, such as German Studies, English Studies and studies of History, Political Science, Philosophy, Psychology, Church Music and Music are offered as well. The Caspar-David-Friedrich-Institut, which was named after th 19th-century German Romantic landscape painter Caspar David Friedrich, who was born in Greifswald and received his first artistic lessons here, offers degrees in Fine Arts and Art History.
Like many other universities in Germany, the Faculty of Philosophy ("Philosophische Fakultät") of Greifswald University is now offering bachelor's and master's degree courses to cater to the wider interests of students. The undergraduate programmes have course duration of three years; the postgraduate programmes have course duration of two years.
In addation to the usual course programmes, the Faculty of Philosophy founded the Centre of the Middle Ages ("Mittelalterzentrum") in 1995. The "Mittelalterzentrum" is an association of 20 academics of all faculties doing interdisciplinary research and providing students and scholars with lectures concerning life and culture in the Middle Ages. It is further a programme which is not only open for graduates and professors, but fpr anyone who is interested in the study of different points of view on the Middle Ages, such as literary, historical, medical or any other point of view. Each year, associates of the "Mittelalterzentrum" organize a series of lectures, held by scholars from Greifswald University and other renowned universities.
Apart from wide range of course offers provided by the Faculty of Philosophy, the faculty is greatly interested in organizing cultural events, such as "Nordischer Klang", "PolenmARkT" and the "Bachwoche".
The international festival Nordischer Klang, which presents a programme filled with different events ranging from Jazz and Classic concerts to art exhibitions, is associated with the Department of Nordic and Finnish Studies.
The PolenmARkT, on the other hand, focuses on the culture of Poland and is co-organized by the Department of Modern Languages, and in particular by the division of Slavic Studies. Each year for two weeks people are invited to attend Polish lectures and readings about Poland and its people, as well as several movies and documentaries and of course, as the name suggests, a market with typical Polish goods.
The Bachwoche, associated with the Department of Music and Church Music, is anotherfestival and dedicated to the German composer, organist, harpsichordist, violist and violinist Johann Sebastian Bach, whose sacred and secular works for choir, orchestra and solo instruments drew together the strands of the Baroque period. During that week people are able to enjoy concerts and church services where some of Bach's more or less famous works are being played by the university's music ensembles, as well as lectures about Bach, his music and choir practices to sing along.
Departments.
Church Music and Music.
The Department of Church Music and Music is a small institution which enhances the music culture of Greifswald with public concerts, lectures and yearly events, such as the "Greifswalder Bachwoche". It is further in charge of several ensembles, such as the chamber choir, cathedral choir, university choir and university symphony orchestra.
Fine art.
The Department of Fine Art ("Caspar-David-Friedrich-Institut") is named after the Romantic landscape painter Caspar David Friedrich, who received his first art instructions in Greifswald. The department is a uniquely combined department of applied arts and art history, which are usually separated in Germany.
German.
The Department of German was founded in 1876 and is divided into the following areas of expertise:
History.
When the very first Department of History was founded in 1863 as the first one in Prussia, and the fourth in the whole of Germany.
Research and studies at he Department of History in Prussia was founded in 1863, there existed only three other departments of that kind in Germany. Areas of expertise at the Department of History are:
The latter area of expertise represents a special interest Greifswald University has due to its close relations to the Eastern countries.
Modern Languages.
In 1777, the Greifswald University was the first German university which ran a course of studies in the English tongue. In 1853, then, a Department of Modern Languages in Greifswald was founded.
The division of English provides courses for studies in the languages, literatures and cultures of the English-speaking countries. In addition, the "Greifswald Canadian Fellow in Residence" programme, funded by Greifswald University and the Canadian government, provides support for a Canadian author in order to live and write in Greifswald for one academic year. The fellows usually contribute to authentic, up-to-date teaching in the English Department and they often take part in events that are open to the general public. Two of the former fellows were Warren Cariou (2005), and Janice Kulyk Keefer (2006).
The Division of Baltic Studies is the only institution in Germany whose research and teaching interests rest upon the languages, literatures and cultures of Latvia and Lithuania, and, in fact, one of the few in the world.
The division of Nordic and Finnish Studies is one of the most traditional and largest institutions of its kind outside northern Europe. It altogether consists of four areas of expertise (Fennistic, Scandinavian Modern Literature, Scandinavian Linguistics, Medieval and Diachronic Linguistics) as well as five lectorships (Danish, FInnish, Icelandic, Norwegian, Swedish) which offer oral language lessons in Danish, Estonian, Finnish, Faeroese, Icelandic, Norwegian and Swedish.
The division of Slavic studies focuses on the research of the languages and literatures of the Slavic countries, such as Poland, Russia, Czech Republic, Slovac Republic and the Ukraine. It is further in charge of the "PolenmARkT".
Philosophy.
The Department of Philosophy is divided into the following areas of expertise:
Studies in Political and Communication Science.
The Department of Political and Communication Science is methodological based on social science and is divided into the following areas of expertise:
There are offered two Bachelor programms (B.A. Political Science; B.A. Communication Studies) and three Master programms (M.A. Democracy Studies; M.A. Language and Communication; M.A. Organizational Communication).
The professor for Political Philosophy, Prof. Dr. Hubertus Buchstein, is currently chairman of the "Deutsche Gesellschaft für Politikwissenschaft" (German Association of Political Science).
Education.
The Department of Education offers courses in teacher training, i.e. paedagogy.
Programmes.
Bachelor of Arts.
The Bachelor of Arts programmes at Greifswald University are two-subject programmes, meaning that students study any combination of two of the following disciplines:
Master of Arts.
The Master of Arts programmes are in only one of the following subjects:
Associated People.
Former staff members include Ernst Moritz Arndt, Alfred Gomolka, Otto Jahn, Johannes Voigt, Georg Friedrich Schömann, and Ulrich von Wilamowitz-Moellendorff.
The painter Caspar David Friedrich is a former student of Greifswald University, who received his first art lessons by one of the university's professors.

</doc>
<doc id="19451169" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19451169" title="Association of Indian Design Industry">
Association of Indian Design Industry

The Association of Indian Design Industry, also known by its acronym AIDI is a professional not-for-profit body for designers and design organizations in India. It is an official national representative of all interest groups concerned with design in India. 
Historical background.
The design profession has formally existed in India since 1962. The idea of a professional body to represent the design fraternity was mooted in the 1980s but previous attempts to establish such an association did not take off. In 2005, some of the leading industrial design professionals in India discussed the idea of a body that would represent their interests to industry. Businessworld had also expressed a need for a body independent from its then partner, design institute NID, for its annual design excellence awards. AIDI was formed the same year.
Change of name and charter.
AIDI was an acronym for Association of Industrial Designers of India, and was started to be a representative of the body of industrial designers in India. In 2007, AIDI felt that it had a greater role to play in the implementation of the National Design Policy, and that was only possible if it was more inclusive of all other disciplines of design in India. The name was changed to Association of Indian Design Industry to reflect its new role and charter. In December 2007, it organized the first gathering of designers from all over India, in Bangalore, to create an action plan for implementation of the National Design Policy.
Vision and mission.
AIDI’s goal is to make design a pivotal part of India’s economy. Its activities include: 
Membership and other services.
AIDI and its local chapters provide services to their members, in the form of job lists, member directories (sold to corporations for a fee), discounts on conferences and exhibitions and workshops, demonstrations, and lectures from experts in the profession.

</doc>
<doc id="19451173" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19451173" title="NFL standings">
NFL standings

The following are the National Football League standings since the 1920 NFL season.
Current as of September 14, 2009.
Notes.
1 Entered NFL in 1976.
2 Entered NFL in 1995.
3 Entered NFL in 1996.
4 Entered NFL in 2002.
5 Did not play from 1996–1998.
× Oakland totals include L.A. Raiders (1982–1994).
   Tennessee totals include Houston (1960–1996).
   Indianapolis totals include Baltimore (1953–1983).
   St. Louis totals include Cleveland (1937–1945) and L.A. (1946–1994).
   Arizona totals include Chicago (1920–1959), and St. Louis (1960–1987), and Phoenix (1988–1993).
See also.
Sites http://www.pro-football-reference.com/years/

</doc>
<doc id="19451185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19451185" title="The Bilingual Review">
The Bilingual Review

The Bilingual Review/La revista bilingüe is an academic and literary journal published in the United States, specialising in the publication of reviews and articles on Spanish-English bilingualism, bilingual education, and Hispanic American literature. It is published by Bilingual Review Press, a publishing house affiliated with the Hispanic Research Center at Arizona State University, with headquarters operating on-campus in Tempe, AZ. The journal publishes three issues per year.
The journal was founded by Dr. Gary D. Keller, then a tenured professor at the Department of Romance Languages in the City College of New York. The inaugural issue was published in early 1974. Dr. Keller has remained as the journal's editor-in-chief, and the publication's operations have relocated with Keller as he has moved to new academic positions, including York College and the State University of New York (SUNY). The journal has been based at ASU since 1986, where its publishing enterprise Bilingual Review Press operates as an autonomous sub-entity of the university's Hispanic Research Center.

</doc>
<doc id="19451201" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19451201" title="Pole and polar">
Pole and polar

In geometry, the terms pole and polar are used to describe a point and a line that have a unique reciprocal relationship with respect to a given conic section. If the point lies on the conic section, its polar is the tangent line to the conic section at that point.
For a given circle, reciprocation in a circle means to transform each point in the plane into its polar line and each line in the plane into its pole.
Special case of circles.
The pole of a line "L" in a circle "C" is a point P that is the inversion in "C" of the point Q on "L" that is closest to the center of the circle. Conversely, the polar line (or polar) of a point P in a circle "C" is the line "L" such that its closest point Q to the circle is the inversion of P in "C".
The relationship between poles and polars is reciprocal. Thus, if a point Q is on the polar line "A" of a point P, then the point P must lie on the polar line "B" of the point Q. The two polar lines "A" and "B" need not be parallel.
There is another description of the polar line of a point P in the case that it lies outside the circle "C". In this case, there are two lines through P which are tangent to the circle, and the polar of P is the line joining the two points of tangency (not shown here). This shows that pole and polar line are concepts in the projective geometry of the plane and generalize with any nonsingular conic in the place of the circle "C".
Reciprocation and projective duality.
The concepts of "a pole and its polar line" were advanced in projective geometry. For instance, the polar line can be viewed as the set of projective harmonic conjugates of a given point, the pole, with respect to a conic. The operation of replacing every point by its polar and vice versa is sometimes known as reciprocation.
General conic sections.
The concepts of pole, polar and reciprocation can be generalized from circles to other conic sections which are the ellipse, hyperbola and parabola. This generalization is possible because conic sections result from a reciprocation of a circle in another circle, and the properties involved, such as incidence and the cross-ratio, are preserved under all projective transformations. 
Calculating the polar of a point.
A general conic section may be written as a second-degree equation in the Cartesian coordinates ("x", "y") of the plane 
where "A""xx", "A""xy", "A""yy", "B""x", "B""y", and "C" are the constants defining the equation. For such a conic section, the polar line to a given pole point (ξ, η) is defined by the equation
where "D", "E" and "F" are likewise constants that depend on the pole coordinates (ξ, η) 
Calculating the pole of a line.
The pole of the line formula_6, relative to the non-degenerated conic section 
can be calculated in two steps.
First, calculate the numbers x, y and z from 
Now, the pole is the point with coordinates formula_9
Properties.
Poles and polars have several useful properties.
If a point P lies on a line "l", then the pole L of the line "l" lies on the polar "p" of point P.
If a point P moves along a line "l", its polar "p" rotates about the pole L of the line "l".
If two tangent lines can be drawn from a pole to the conic section, then its polar passes through both tangent points.
If a point lies on the conic section, its polar is the tangent through this point to the conic section.
If a point P lies on its own polar line, then P is on the conic section.
Each line has, with respect to a non-degenerated conic section, exactly one pole.
Applications.
Poles and polars were defined by Joseph Diaz Gergonne and play an important role in his solution of the problem of Apollonius.
In planar dynamics a pole is a center of rotation, the polar is the force line of action and the conic is the mass-inertia matrix. The pole-polar relationship is used to define the center of percussion of a planar rigid body. If the pole is the hinge point, then the polar is the percussion line of action as described in planar screw theory.

</doc>
<doc id="19451202" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19451202" title="Anup Kumar (actor)">
Anup Kumar (actor)

Anup Kumar (17 June 1930  –3 September 1998) was an Indian actor.
Early life.
Anup Kumar was born on 17 June 1930 in Kolkata. His real name was Satyen Das. His parents were Dhirendra Nath Das, who was a singer, and Bijoya Das. He passed his Matriculation at the Calcutta Jubilee Institution. In 1986, he married actress Aloka Ganguly.
Acting career.
Anup Kumar took his acting lessons from his father and Sisir Kumar Bhaduri. He started acting quite early in life. He got his first break as a child artist in Dhiren Ganguly’s film "Haalkatha" (1938). "Nimontron" and "Palatak" were other early movies. He was also involved with live theatre, yatras, and film directing.
In 1964, he was awarded the Bengal Film Journalists' Association Award (BFJA Awards) for Best Actor in the film "Palatak". He received a silver medal from the Star Theatre. In 1988, he won the West Bengal Natya Academy Award. In 1989, he was awarded Siromoni Prize and in 1991, he was awarded Best Director for his yatras. In 1997, he was recognized by the BFJA Awards for completion of 50 years in films.
Besides his superlative performance in 'Palatak', Anup Kumar is also remembered for his brilliant comic timing. Along with the classic comedians like Nabawdip Haldar, Bhanu Bandopadhyay, Jahor Roy and Rabi Ghosh, Anup Kumar is also a much-loved actor due to his comic character role in films such as 'Basanto Bilap', 'Mouchak', 'Dadar Kirti', 'Protisodh'. After the demise of Rabi Ghosh, it was Anup Kumar who was cast as Jatayu, the famous friend of Satyajit Ray's detective Feluda.
Run for political office.
In 1996, Kumar stood for election to the Vidhan Sabha (lower house) as representative from Cossipore, but didn't win.

</doc>
<doc id="19451203" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19451203" title="The Madman's Return">
The Madman's Return

"The Madman's Return" is Snap!'s second studio album and contains the hit "Rhythm Is a Dancer", which reached No. 1 in France, Ireland, Italy, the Netherlands, Germany and the United Kingdom and peaked at No. 5 in the US. The album was certified platinum in Switzerland and gold in Germany, Austria and the United Kingdom but only reached No. 121 on the US Billboard 200.

</doc>
<doc id="19451219" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19451219" title="David Dennis (rower)">
David Dennis (rower)

David Dennis (born 1980) is an Australian rower who represented Australia at the 2004 Summer Olympics in the men's coxless four and Australia at the 2008 Summer Olympics in the men's eight.

</doc>
<doc id="19451244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19451244" title="St Mary's Church, Ickworth">
St Mary's Church, Ickworth

Ickworth Church (more formally known as "St Mary's Church, Ickworth"), is a former parish church located within Ickworth Park near Bury St Edmunds in Suffolk, England.
History.
The church is located within view of Ickworth House, now owned by the National Trust. It originally served the people of Ickworth village, which no longer exists. With the growth of the Ickworth Estate, the church became mainly associated with those living and working within Ickworth House and its Park. It is also the principal burial place of the Hervey family, who owned and lived at Ickworth from the mid 15th century to 1998. 
Church Fabric.
The church is medieval with major 19th Century alterations. The chancel is mid C13, the north nave doorway is C13 or C14. The chancel has a C15 restored south nave window. A C15 plain Octagonal limestone font. A C17 octagonal pulpit, converted around 1775 into a 3-decker with balustrading and original graining. 20 C17 and C18 marble wall and floor slabs in the chancel, many with carved achievements to members of the Hervey family. 14 C17 and C18 wall tablets in the nave to members of the Hervey family and others. A C15 red-line wall painting of the angel of the Annunciation on east wall of chancel. Roundels of painted Flemish glass dating from C14-C19.
Hervey family tombs.
The Herveys, who owned Ickworth for almost 500 years, are buried in the vault under the church and in the churchyard. The line of those laid to rest here begins with Thomas Hervey (d. 1467), who was the first of this family to own Ickworth. After him, almost every Earl and every Marquess of Bristol has been buried there, as were many of their daughters and wives. The 6th Marquess (d. 1985) was buried in Menton (France) for 25 years until the 8th Marquess had him reinterred in the vault of Ickworth Church in October 2010.
The Ickworth Church Conservation Trust (ICCT).
The ICCT was set up by the 8th Marquess of Bristol to safeguard the future of Ickworth Church. His half-brother the 7th Marquess bought the church from the church commissioners (after they made it redundant in the 1970s) in 1986, after which it fell into a state of disrepair. The 8th Marquess created the ICCT in 2006, and transferred ownership of the Church to the ICCT, of which he is Chairman. The Church has now been restored and is open to the public after a lengthy restoration project costing £1.2 million.
References.
www.ickworthchurch.org.uk

</doc>
<doc id="19451261" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19451261" title="World Power">
World Power

World Power is the debut album of German Eurodance project Snap!, released in 1990 on Bookmark/Ariola Records. The album received generally positive reviews from music critics, as the project's musical style and its vocalists, Turbo B and Penny "Tiny" Ford, were well received. It also achieved considerable commercial success with the help of four international top-ten hits, including its best-selling single "The Power".
Reception.
Commercial performance.
The album reached number seven on Germany's Media Control Charts, number 25 on Australia's ARIA Charts, number four on the Ö3 Austria Top 40, number 20 on the Topplistan chart in Sweden, number four on the Swiss Music Charts, number 10 on the UK Albums Chart, and number 30 on the US "Billboard" 200 chart. Although it did not chart on the Dutch MegaCharts, it earned gold certification from the NVPI, for sales in excess of 60,000 copies in the Netherlands. "World Power" has also been certified gold in Austria, Sweden, the United Kingdom, and the United States, while it has received platinum certifications in both Germany and Switzerland.
Critical response.
Upon its release, "World Power" received generally positive reviews from music critics. "Chicago Tribune" writer Mitchell May gave it 3 out of 4 stars and called it "a dance record you can listen to", noting that "pulsating synth chords, slashing guitar riffs, thundering drums and the gospel-like wails of Tinny Ford combine to give Snap a riveting sound". Greg Sandow of "Entertainment Weekly" called the album "smart dance/rap, full of surprises". In his consumer guide for "The Village Voice", critic Robert Christgau gave "World Power" an A- rating, indicating "the kind of garden-variety good record that is the great luxury of musical micromarketing and overproduction. Anyone open to its aesthetic will enjoy more than half its tracks". Christgau noted it as "in the great transcultural Technotronic tradition" and described its music as "crazy and radio-ready at the same time. Also funny". In a retrospective review, Allmusic writer Andrew Hamilton gave the album 3 out of 5 stars and perceived rapper Turbo B's enunciation as a flaw, but commended his "energy" and singer Penny Ford's vocals.
Charts.
Album — "Billboard" (United States)
Singles — "Billboard" (United States)

</doc>
<doc id="19451264" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19451264" title="De Moivre–Laplace theorem">
De Moivre–Laplace theorem

In probability theory, the de Moivre–Laplace theorem is a normal approximation to the binomial distribution. It is a special case of the central limit theorem. It states that the binomial distribution of the number of "successes" in "n" independent Bernoulli trials with probability "p" of success on each trial is approximately a normal distribution with mean "np" and standard deviation , if "n" is very large and some conditions are satisfied.
The theorem appeared in the second edition of "The Doctrine of Chances" by Abraham de Moivre, published in 1738. The "Bernoulli trials" were not so-called in that book, but rather de Moivre wrote about the probability distribution of the number of times "heads" appears when a coin is tossed 3600 times.
Theorem.
As "n" grows large, for "k" in the neighborhood of "np" we can approximate
in the sense that the ratio of the left-hand side to the right-hand side converges to 1 as "n" → ∞.
Proof.
According to Stirling's formula, we can replace the factorial of a large number "n", with the approximation:
Thus
The last line follows from our definition of "x". Now using the Taylor series expansion of the functions ln(1±"x") we arrive at:
Thus,

</doc>
<doc id="19451276" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19451276" title="The 5th Power">
The 5th Power

The 5th Power is a live album by Lester Bowie recorded for the Italian Black Saint label and released in 1978. It was recorded during a concert tour of Europe by Bowie's group "From the Roots to the Source" and features performances by Bowie, Arthur Blythe, Amina Claudine Myers, Malachi Favors, and Phillip Wilson. 
Reception.
The Allmusic review by Michael G. Nastos awarded the album 4 stars stating "Creative jazz and a progressive gospel segment. Bowie at his eclectic best. Essential".

</doc>
<doc id="19451287" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19451287" title="Sussex Thunder">
Sussex Thunder

The Sussex Thunder are an American football team from the England based in Brighton, Sussex. The club started in 1997 when the Crawley Raiders merged with local rivals the Brighton B52s to form a new club the Sussex Thunder. The first Thunder Head Coach was Jim Jasicki. The Thunder reached the BritBowl Final in their first year where they narrowly lost to the London Olympians. Success was to be thin afterwards but on 20 September 2008, led by Head Coach Len Scott, the Thunder won the Division 1 national championship in an overtime win against the Redditch Arrows.
Promotion to the BAFL Premier Division in 2009 saw the Thunder struggle to a losing season and the departure of two Head Coaches during that season (Len Scott and then Jim Roberson).
In November 2009, the Sussex Thunder appointed ex-San Francisco 49er trialist Tony Stitt as Head Coach. The team won promotion to the Premier Division of the BAFA National Leagues. After a two unsuccessful seasons in the Premier Division, from 2009 to 2011, they elected to return to the BAFA National Leagues Division 1 South which saw them reach the play-offs in 2011 where they lost to the Birmingham bulls 14-13 and then next season go on to Win the Division 1 championship in 2012 against the West Coast Trojans.
This have returned to the newly aligned league in the Premier South Division.
Club Charity.
Each year Sussex Thunder hold a charity game, for the 2014 season they will be supporting the Kent Surrey and Sussex Air ambulance

</doc>
<doc id="19451308" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19451308" title="Sulfur metabolism">
Sulfur metabolism

Sulfur is metabolized by all organisms, from bacteria and archaea to plants and animals. Sulfur is reduced or oxidized by organisms in a variety of forms. The element is present in proteins, nucleic acids, sulfate esters of polysaccharides, steroids, phenols, and sulfur-containing coenzymes.
Sulfur oxidation.
Reduced sulfur compounds are oxidized by most organisms, including higher animals and higher plants. Some organisms can conserve energy (i.e., produce ATP) from the oxidation of sulfur. Sulfur is the sole energy source for some lithotrophic bacteria and archaea. Reduced sulfur compounds, such as hydrogen sulfide, elemental sulfur, sulfite, thiosulfate, and various polythionates (e.g., tetrathionate), are used by various lithotrophic bacteria and are all oxidized by "". Sulfur oxidizers utilize enzymes such as sulfur oxygenase and sulfite oxidase to oxidize sulfur compounds to sulfate. Lithotrophs that can produce sugars through chemosynthesis make up the base of some food chains. Food chains have formed in the absence of sunlight around hydrothermal vents, which emit hydrogen sulfide and carbon dioxide. Chemosynthetic archaea use hydrogen sulfide as an energy source for carbon fixation, producing sugars.
Sulfur reduction.
Sulfur reduction occurs in plants, fungi, and many bacteria. Sulfate can serve as an electron donor in anaerobic respiration and can be reduced for the formation of organic compounds. Sulfate-reducing bacteria reduce sulfate and other oxidized sulfur compounds, such as sulfite, thiosulfate, and elemental sulfur, to sulfide. Sulfate reduction can be dissimilatory or assimilatory. Sulfate reduction by sulfate-reducing bacteria, for example, is dissimilatory; the purpose of reducing the sulfate is to produce energy, and the sulfide is excreted. Dissimilatory sulfate reduction utilizes the enzymes ATP sulfurylase, APS reductase, and sulfite reductase. In assimilatory sulfate reduction, however, the sulfate is assimilated, or incorporated into organic compounds. In some organisms (e.g., gut flora, cyanobacteria, and yeast), assimilatory sulfate reduction is a more complex process that makes use of the enzymes ATP sulfurylase, APS kinase, PAPS reductase, and sulfite reductase.
Sulfur use by plants and animals.
Plants take up sulfate in their roots and reduce it to sulfide (see sulfur assimilation). Plants are able to reduce APS directly to sulfite (using APS reductase) without phosphorylating APS to PAPS. From the sulfide they form the amino acids cysteine and methionine, sulfur lipids, and other sulfur compounds. Animals obtain sulfur from cysteine and methionine in the protein that they consume. Sulfur is the third most abundant mineral element in the body. The amino acids cysteine and methionine are used by the body to make glutathione. Excess cysteine and methionine are oxidized to sulfate by sulfite oxidase, eliminated in the urine, or stored as glutathione (which can serve as a store for sulfur). The lack of sulfite oxidase, known as sulfite oxidase deficiency, causes physical deformities, mental retardation, and death.

</doc>
<doc id="19451315" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19451315" title="Nokhur">
Nokhur

Nokhur (also Nohur) is a settlement located in Turkmenistan. The area is known for sacred places connected to the Persian legend of the Peri, most notably the Gyz-bibi cave. According to the Turkmenistan government website, the origin of the name of Nohur is disputed, with some locals believing it derived from Noah (many places in the region carry Biblical names) and some from the Peri themselves, as "no" and "hur" translate "nine peri". The small and relatively untouched village of Nohur rests in an unmarked valley of the Kopet Dag Mountains, which make up the border of Iran and southern Turkmenistan. The people of Nohur dress and act conservatively, and their traditions have been able to survive Turkmenistan’s modernization because of the remoteness of their village.
Nohurli consider themselves as descendants of Alexander the Great.
Language.
Nohur is also a dialect of the Turkmen language.
Territorial division.
Nohur area is primarily consist of Upper Nohur (Garawul and Kone-Gummez villages) and Lower Nohur (Old Nohur village). 
Upper Nohur has Farmers’ Association “Yenish” which includes two villages. The project area totals 15,5 thousand hectares. The population of the two villages makes up 8,7 thousand inhabitants that stands for 12,3% of rural population of Baharly etrap (district), Ahal velayat (province), Turkmenistan.
Environmental challenges.
During 1990-2005 the pastures experience overgrazing that exceeds the norm 3-4 times because cattle breeding has been transformed into local people’s main source of income. This has resulted in the degradation of mountain pastures and the extinction of valuable forage species and medicinal plants. 
Forest vegetation is heavily degraded as a consequence of cutting wood for fuel and construction needs. Soil erosion, heavy mud flows and the formation of ravines have led to the reduction of cultivable areas and as soil fertility.
Water scarcity is also a very important problem of this region, due to low precipitation. Traditionally villagers gather the run-off from mountain slopes and gorges in specially built reservoirs called howdans. In favourable years the howdans store sufficient water to irrigate the fields during one season. But during 2000-2005 the howdans were left unfilled due to insufficient precipitations.
History.
Muhammedkuli Atabayev.
(1888–1916) 
Muhammedkuli Atabayev (1888–1916) - one of the first Enlighteners of Turkmenistan in the beginning of 20's century. He graduated from the Turkistan Teachers Seminarium in Tashkent. Atabayev is famous for developing a so-called Audio Teaching method (together with Artykgul Tekinskaya) that helped to teach illiterate to read and write just in 2 years.
Artykgul Tekinskaya.
Also known as Tatyana Mihaylovna (1878–1926) - one of the first Enlighteners of Turkmenistan in the beginning of 20's century. She graduated from Moscow Elizavetian Institute.

</doc>
<doc id="19451320" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19451320" title="The Snake King's Wife">
The Snake King's Wife

The Snake Man (Khmer: ពស់កេងកង, Thai:งูเก็งกอง " Puos Keng Kang") is a 1970 Cambodian drama horror film based on a Cambodian myth about a snake goddess, starring Khmer famous actress at era, Dy Saveth and Chea Yuthorn who was hugely popular in Thailand after the film release. The Film directed by A Chinese Descent director, Tea Lim Koun who he has experienced unpredented success of the film listed him today as the father of Khmer Cinema.
The film was an enormous commercial success in Cambodia and had been released at worldwide box offices, with also much success in neighboring Thailand, which brought back an extremely better result of grossing revenue. The film then noticed one of the biggest box-office hits in Southeast Asia at the time, holding today as Khmer Classic films for decades.
As reported by Thailand’s Krung Thep Turakij newspaper, The Snake Man is a Khmer film awarded at the 19th Asian Movie Awards in Singapore in 1972 where it received 6 golden awards including Best Director and Best Actress.
Plot.
The film begins following the life of Neang Nhi, a Cambodian woman. Nhi is married to her husband Minom. Nhi and Minom have a young daughter. One day, Minom leaves town for work, leaving his daughter and wife at home. He tells their daughter that he will return home soon.
Nhi and her daughter are scavenging for food in their crops, when Nhi breaks her shovel-head in an attempt to dig. There is a snake in the hole that her shovel had burrowed, and this snake claims that he is the Snake King. The Snake King tells Nhi that he will help her family if he sleeps with her. So Nhi does.
Nhi has hidden the affair from her husband and her daughter. However, when Minom returns, he discovers that she is pregnant and enraged by this, he manages to discover the secret and starts a plan in order to kill the Snake King. Months later, Minom is able to chop the snake and cook the snake meat as food for Nhi after the many failed attempts. After Nhi found out about the death of the Snake King, she was murdered by her cruel husband while she was bathing. As her womb was opening, there were several little snakes being born; however,most of them were killed by Minom. Only one of the snakes was able to survive. As a child, the only lasting snake, Veasna arrived at a hermit's cottage where the hermit turned him into a human and also named him, Veasna.
Several years later, Veasna, grew up to be a handsome man and he began to fall in love with a rich man's daughter, Soriya. While they were in love, Soriya's stepmother who was jealous of their relationship planned an attempt to split them apart. She too was madly in love with Veasna. However, when Soriya's mother realizes that Veasna is a snake she meets an old witch who made a spell to transfer him back to a snake. The Villagers were so afraid that they abandoned the wedding as the rich man, Soriya's father, dropped dead immediately after his step wife ran away for her life. Despite his features, his wife still loved him, until one day, she gave birth to a female baby called Cantra. Unfortunately, she was born with tiny snakes as her hair for the old witch had put a curse on her family. When she grew up, her father, suddenly, turned to stone and her mother became a psycho after she was kidnapped and forced to eat the blood of raw meat as food. Cantra became an orphan and also became the servant for the ugly witch until one day, she found a plan to break the curse by midnight when the witch was seeking for food with only her head and intestine. Cantra went to the witch's locker room and burned everything including the witch's body. The witch arrived in time and was also burned in the fire. Finally, the curse was broken and her parents became normal human beings as Cantra's hair turned long and beautiful. The family all lived happily ever after in a big house.
Release.
Pous Keng Kang (which translates to 'The Giant Snake' in Cambodian/Khmer) was an almost immeasurable success in Cambodia, therefore resulting in its release to foreign non-affiliated countries including many Asian countries and several parts of Europe. In Thailand, the film reached double the amount of hits that of the Cambodia Box office. This was due partially to the Civil war that the kingdom of Cambodia was enduring.
Remakes and sequel.
After the highly success of the film in Cambodia, the film was then progressed in its story with the title The Snake Man Part 2 which was a co-production by Cambodia and Siamland starring Cambodian heartthrobs Chea Yuthorn (ជា យុទ្ធថន)and Dy Saveth (ឌី សាវ៉េត), together with formerly famous Thai actress Aranya Namwong and released at the following year of the prequel.
In 2001, The first full-length feature film to be produced in Cambodia since the Khmer Rouge era was directed by Fai Sam Ang. In fact, it was not "the first full-length feature film", if you can remember the success of the "Shadows of Darkness" by Yvon Hem (1988). The film starred 17-year-old début Cambodian actress Pich Chanbormey and Thai actor Winai Kraibutr. According the Similar plot,the film was said to be the remake of the 1970s film. In contrast,its different title which translated to The Snake King's Child suggested it was a sequel. The film, then become the sequel of the 1970s film. However, In 2005, A horror Romance film called The Snake King's Grandchild, which seem as the sequel of The Snake King's Child, was released and was also directed by the same director, Fai Sam Ang.

</doc>
<doc id="19451326" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19451326" title="Cathy Grieve">
Cathy Grieve

Cathy Grieve (born 16 June 1965) is an Irish journalist from Letterkenny, County Donegal. She now owns Red Diamond Media, an Irish based digital media group. Previously she was a senior editor with the BBC, the last post she held being Interactive Newsgathering Editor for BBC News. Cathy also worked for the BBC in TV, radio and new media. She also worked for a short spell with Raidió Teilifís Éireann (RTÉ) as a Production Editor. 
Education.
She is the eldest in a family of seven. She was educated at Loreto Convent and graduated with a degree in Mathematics and English from National University of Ireland, Galway. She completed a Higher Diploma in Education and embarked on a teaching career for a short period of time before starting a career in journalism.
In late 1980s she served as President of UCG Students Union and a member of the Governing Body of the university. After graduation she worked for a period as personal assistant to Irish government minister Maire Geoghegan-Quinn, then serving as Minister for Europe at the Dept of the Taoiseach (Irish prime minister). She is a single mother with one son.
Career.
She began her career as a teacher in 1990. She taught English and mathematics to higher level Leaving Certificate but after one year chose to move onto the media.
She joined the BBC in Feb 1991 at their news operation in Dublin. She moved to BBC News in Belfast within a couple of years and became the Ireland producer for BBC National news. This was a turbulent time in Northern Ireland politics and she led a team of correspondents and producers through the last years of the troubles and through the historic peace talks and subsequent transition to a peaceful society. 
She worked as a journalist with BBC from 1992-2009 and is currently Interactive Newsgathering Editor for BBC News. She has been posted as Ireland producer for BBC News based in Belfast, Dublin producer and Washington producer based in D.C. during the late 1990s. She has extensive experience in leading coverage of major news events, including being pool producer for both all national and international broadcasters for both the President Clinton visit to Northern Ireland and the Good Friday Peace Agreement in Northern Ireland.
Awards.
Grieve has collected numerous awards, including a Royal Television Society Award for the BBC's coverage of the Good Friday Agreement and a Broadcast Award for the first visit of US President Bill Clinton's trip to Northern Ireland. She also won numerous other broadcast awards. During her time with online media she won several online journalism award and the BBC News website won several Webby awards.

</doc>
<doc id="19451336" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19451336" title="Carsten Sträßer">
Carsten Sträßer

Carsten Sträßer (born 5 July 1980 in Berlin) is a German footballer, who is currently a free agent.
Personal life.
He is the son of the ex DDR-Nationalplayer Ralf Sträßer.

</doc>
<doc id="19451346" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19451346" title="Starhill Tower">
Starhill Tower

Starhill Towers & Gallery in Dubai is a twin-tower waterfront development consisting of freehold offices, a 5-star hotel and a luxury shopping mall. The 31-storey office tower of the project offers freehold office spaces ranging from . 
This project was expected to be delivered by 2010 and was completed on schedule.

</doc>
<doc id="19451365" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19451365" title="Almorexant">
Almorexant

Almorexant (INN, codenamed ACT-078573) is an orexin antagonist, functioning as a competitive receptor antagonist of the OX1 and OX2 orexin receptors, which was being developed by the pharmaceutical companies Actelion and GSK for the treatment of insomnia. Development of the drug was abandoned in January 2011.
Development.
Originally developed by Actelion, from 2007 almorexant was being reported as a potential blockbuster drug, as its novel mechanism of action (orexin receptor antagonism) was thought to produce better quality sleep and fewer side effects than the traditional benzodiazepine and z drugs which dominated the multi-billion dollar insomnia medication market.
In 2008, pharmaceutical giant GlaxoSmithKline bought the development and marketing rights for almorexant from Actelion for an initial payment of $147 million. The deal was worth a potential $3.2billion if the drug were to successfully complete clinical development and obtain FDA approval. GSK and Actelion continued to develop the drug together, and completed a Phase III clinical trial in November 2009. 
However in January 2011 Actelion and GSK announced they were abandoning the development of almorexant because of its side effect profile.
Mechanism of action.
Almorexant is a competitive, dual OX1 and OX2 receptor antagonist and selectively inhibits the functional consequences of OX1 and OX2 receptor activation, such as intracellular Ca2+ mobilization.

</doc>
<doc id="19451367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19451367" title="Bedern Hall">
Bedern Hall

Bedern Hall is a fine 13th century meeting-hall in York, hidden away barely 100 metres from the east front of York Minster. ‘Bedern’ is linked with the current German word “beten”, which means “to pray” (Old English: gebed = ‘prayer’; aern = ‘house’).
Bedern Hall was built for the “College of Vicars Choral” (est. c.1250), whose members were the priests who deputised for the Minster canons when they were away. In the course of time each of the thirty-six canons had his own vicar.
Little was known about the Hall and its environs until 1973-1980, when the surrounding buildings were demolished and the York Archaeological Trust undertook excavations.
This showed an original structure built 1250-1270 of an entrance from Goodramgate (still open – it runs to the left of the pizza restaurant opposite the National Trust shop), and two long buildings on either side of this entrance route and parallel to it. The northernmost building was a huge timber-framed dormitory, at least 50 metres long and 12 metres wide. The first floor was shared by the vicars, each of whom used the space of one bay against one or other wall. Clearly the original aim was for a communal establishment perhaps similar to that at Fountains Abbey.
However, pecking-orders soon developed, and by the 1330s the dormitory had been divide into relatively large individual rooms. Some vicars had their own personal toilet facilities. The servants, by contract, used an open communal latrine on the south side of the site.
The wealth of the Vicars Choral soon grew. They offered to sing and pray for the dead, for a fee. Payment often came in the form of property, perhaps the property of the deceased (a small price to pay for eternal life). By 1400, the Vicars rented out some 240 properties, and had two mills, two tile works, and a brewery. In addition, they received revenues from three local parish churches – Fryston, Huntington, and St. Sampson’s, York. (Cottingham, near Hull was later added to this list.)
Just inside the entrance from Goodramgate you can still see the College’s private chapel, built in the 1340s. It is dedicated to the Holy Trinity, the Blessed Virgin, and St Katherine.
Some of the vicars seem to have been rather troublesome. A comperta of 1362 reported several of them “walking about the streets dressed like laymen and wearing knives and daggers”. In 1375 they demanded extra wine if the quire organ was used at high festivals; and in 1408 there was a serious quarrel which led to the expulsion of the sub-chanter after an order had been made forbidding the service of wine to the vicars at or after meals.
Later, in 1472, “ non-resident canons left the entire control of the minster to the vicars, and that the vicars were not careful of their trust. Some of them came into church as late and went out as early as possible. Quire services did not begin until some time after the last peal had sounded. The sub-chanter and three vicars were incontinent. Frequent absence from church was common; and, while the statutes required twelve vicars to be present daily on each side of the quire, as many as four were rarely to be found in their places. The Bedern gate was often left open and without a light until ten o'clock at night. Among the vicars, John Fell was conspicuous for his misdeeds. He said mass hardly once a fortnight; he was a nightwalker, seldom returning home by ten o'clock; he talked and laughed in quire, and excited some envy and strife by the messages which were brought to him in the common hall from 'temporal lords.' When the Bible was read in hall, Fell and others would sit by the fire and talk.” (Page 1974).

</doc>
<doc id="19451375" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19451375" title="Wallace's Isle">
Wallace's Isle

Wallace's Isle is an island in Loch Lomond, Scotland.
Wallace’s Isle is a low, flat island in the mouth of Inveruglas Water, just south of Inveruglas and not far from Inveruglas Isle. It is covered with alder trees.
The island may be named after the Scottish patriot, William Wallace (who may have sought refuge here).

</doc>
<doc id="19451379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19451379" title="Stephen Brady">
Stephen Brady

Stephen Brady, (born c. 1959) is a senior Australian career diplomat. In 1999 he and his partner Peter Stephens became the world's first officially acknowledged same sex ambassadorial couple, when they were presented to Queen Margrethe II of Denmark at the start of Brady's posting as Australian Ambassador to Denmark. Since September 2008 he has been the Official Secretary to the Governor-General of Australia, the Honourable Quentin Bryce AC CVO, as well as Secretary of the Council of the Order of Australia and Secretary of the Bravery Decorations Council.
Career.
Brady graduated with an honours degree in international relations at the Australian National University and joined the Department of Foreign Affairs in 1982 as a graduate foreign service officer. Promoted in 1985 to the Office of Security and Intelligence Coordination in the Department of the Prime Minister and Cabinet, he was subsequently foreign policy adviser to two Leaders of the Opposition. From 1990 - 1991 he was Counsellor and Chargé d'Affaires at the Australian Embassy in Dublin.
From 1991-1996 he was head of the Guest of Government program in the Department of the Prime Minister and Cabinet. On two later occasions he was seconded from the Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade (DFAT) to work for the Prime Minister as Senior Adviser (Government).
In December 1998 he was appointed Ambassador to Sweden with non-resident accreditation to Denmark, Norway, Finland, Iceland, Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania. He was Australia's Representative at three consecutive high level international conferences on combating intolerance and discrimination, held in Stockholm (2000–03). In 2000 he headed Australia's delegation to the Plurilateral War Crimes Conference in Riga, Latvia.
In February 1999 he made headlines as Australia's and the world's first openly gay ambassador when he formally presented his partner Peter Stephens to Queen Margrethe II of Denmark. Stephens's passport was initially endorsed "Bearer is a member of the domestic household of the Ambassador", until Brady, who had been in a committed relationship with Stephens since 1982, insisted that it be changed.
In February 2004, he was appointed Ambassador to the Netherlands. He was instrumental in coordinating arrangements with the Dutch government for Australia's joint military operation in Afghanistan which, according to Australian Chief of the Defence Force, Air Chief Marshal Angus Houston, "he facilitated brilliantly". Brady's diplomatic skills and remarkable and extensive network of connections were widely acknowledged.
In December 2007 he led Australia's delegation to the International Criminal Court's Assembly of State Parties Conference at the UN in New York.
He served as Australia's Permanent Representative to the Organisation for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons in The Hague. 
In addition, he had responsibility for Australia's relationships with all international legal institutions based in The Hague. These included the International Court of Justice (ICJ), the International Criminal Court (ICC), the Permanent Court of Arbitration (PCA) and the International Court for the Former Yugoslavia (ICTY). On his return to Australia in March 2008 he was appointed Chief of Protocol in DFAT.
On 5 September 2008, Stephen Brady was appointed Official Secretary to the Governor-General of Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="19451431" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19451431" title="Grigory Dmitriyevich Stroganov">
Grigory Dmitriyevich Stroganov

Grigory Dmitriyevich Stroganov () (1656 – 21 November 1715) was a Russian landowner and statesman, the most notable member of the prominent Stroganov family in the late 17th century-early 18th century, a strong supporter of the reforms and initiatives of Peter the Great. (The surname is also transcribed as Stroganoff. Beef Stroganoff is named after this family.)
Grigory Stroganov was the only son of Dmitri Andreyevich Stroganov. His name first appears in the public record in 1672, when he visited Moscow with gifts for Tsar Alexei Mikhailovich on the occasion of the birth of Tsarevich Peter. Dmitiri Stroganoff died the next year and the tsar issued a "gramota" confirming Grigory's inheritance of one third of the Stroganov family fortune. When the heirs of Yakov Stroganov, the senior branch of the family, died off in 1681, Grigory inherited another one third of the Stroganov lands. The last third, owned by the wife of Fyodor Petrovich Stroganov, passed to him on 18 January 1686.
According to the accounting of Fyodor Volegov (d. 1856), this consolidation increased Grigory Stroganov's personal holdings dramatically, to more than ten million desiatinas of land (103,000 square kilometers) with more than 200 villages and 15,000 adult male serfs. This figure does not include his estates in Moscow (e.g. Vlakhernskoye-Kuzminki), Nizhny Novgorod and Solvychegodsk. Grigory Stroganov was the largest Russian landowner after the tsar.
Beginning in 1682 he regularly assisted the government in its financial difficulties. In 1700 Stroganov funded the construction of several military ships for the nascent Imperial Russian Navy. For his services Grigory Stroganov received numerous awards, honorary distinctions and additional lands.
A major factor in Stroganov's power was his saltern enterprise, whose efficiency greatly improved under his management. However, he lost this advantage in 1705, when the state established a salt monopoly.
Grigory Stroganov married twice, first to Princess Vassa Meshcherskaya, and then to Princess Maria Novosiltseva. Three children from the second marriage survived children: Alexander (b. 1699), Nikolay (b. 1700) and Sergey (b. 1700).

</doc>
<doc id="19451432" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19451432" title="Torsten Ziegner">
Torsten Ziegner

Torsten Ziegner (born 9 November 1977 in Neuhaus am Rennweg) is a German former footballer who played as a midfielder. He is now manager of FSV Zwickau.
Career.
Ziegner began his career with Carl Zeiss Jena, joining the club from amateur club BSG Mikroelektronik Neuhaus at aged 13. He was part of a successful Jena youth team alongside Robert Enke and Mario Kanopa and was capped by the Germany youth team. He made his first-team debut in September 1995 in a 2. Bundesliga match, and made a further twenty appearances over the following three seasons, leaving the club in 1998 after they'd been relegated to the Regionalliga Nordost.
Ziegner, along with Jena team-mates Heiko Cramer and Frank Nierlich, joined FSV Zwickau, who had been relegated to the same level. Zwickau finished in fourth place in Ziegner's first season, but started the following season badly: the Regionalliga was being restructured, and only the top seven teams would avoid relegation. Zwickau's poor start to the season made this almost impossible, and so there was a mass exodus of players during the season - Ziegner was one of the players to leave, returning to the 2. Bundesliga to sign for Stuttgarter Kickers. Zwickau finished the season bottom of the table.
Ziegner spent eighteen months at Kickers, the highlight being a DFB-Pokal tie in which they took Bundesliga side Werder Bremen to extra time, before losing 2–1. The following season ended in relegation, though, so in July 2001 Ziegner returned to his native Thuringia, signing for Rot-Weiß Erfurt of the Regionalliga Süd. After two successful seasons with Erfurt, he signed for second division side FSV Mainz 05, but didn't make a first-team appearance in his year with the club, mainly playing for the reserve team. At the end of the 2003–04 season, he left Mainz to return to Carl Zeiss Jena, who were by now in the fourth-tier NOFV-Oberliga Süd.
Ziegner missed just one game in the 2004–05 season, scoring nine goals as Jena won the division, and beat MSV Neuruppin in the playoff to earn promotion to the Regionalliga Nord. Another promotion followed immediately: Ziegner scored eight goals in 31 appearances as Jena finished second, behind Rot-Weiss Essen, returning to the 2. Bundesliga after an eight-year absence. An injury in an August match against 1. FC Köln caused Ziegner to miss much of the 2006–07 season, and the following year his 24 appearances couldn't prevent the club being relegated back to the third tier, now in the form of a national 3. Liga. He played a further three years for the club at this level, but was dropped from the team near the end of the 2010–11 season, and left the club in June 2011. He joined FSV Zwickau for a second spell, helping them win the NOFV-Oberliga Süd title, and promotion to the revived Regionalliga Nordost. He retired at the end of the 2011–12 season, and was appointed as Zwickau's manager.
Controversy.
Ziegner was given a five-match ban in October 2008 for racially abusing Nigerian player Kingsley Onuegbu during a match against Eintracht Braunschweig.

</doc>
<doc id="19451433" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19451433" title="Paul Fischer (luthier)">
Paul Fischer (luthier)

Paul Fischer (born Isle of man 1941), a British maker of musical instruments, began making harpsichords and clavichords in 1956 in Oxford under the tutelage of Robert Goble, with further study at the Oxford College of Art and Technology.
After military service (11th Hussars) he joined the lute and guitar maker David Rubio at Duns Tew, Oxfordshire. With the benefit of Fischer's experience, Rubio began making harpsichords, soon to be followed by theorbos, viheulas, pandoras, citterns and baroque guitars. Bowed instruments were to follow. As the workforce expanded to meet increasing demand, Fischer was appointed manager and oversaw the making of this wide range of instruments until establishing his own studio in 1975.
Fischer set up shop in Chipping Norton. The award of a Winston Churchill Fellowship and Southern Arts bursary at this time, provided the opportunity to take up the challenge. From this and the work of physicist Dr.Bernard Richardson the 'Taut' system of construction was developed. 

</doc>
<doc id="19451459" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19451459" title="Computer game bot Turing Test">
Computer game bot Turing Test

The Computer Game Bot Turing Test is a variant of the Turing Test, where a human judge viewing and interacting with a virtual world must distinguish between other humans interacting with the world and game bots that interact with the world. This variant was first proposed in 2008 by Associate Professor Philip Hingston of Edith Cowan University, and implemented through a tournament called the 2K BotPrize.
History.
The Computer Game Bot Turing Test was proposed to advance the fields of Artificial Intelligence and Computational Intelligence with respect to video games. It was considered that a poorly implemented bot implied a subpar game, so a bot that would be capable of passing this test, and therefore might be indistinguishable from a human player, would directly improve the quality of a game. It also served to debunk a flawed notion that "game AI is a solved problem."
Emphasis is placed on a game bot that interacts with other players in a multiplayer environment. Unlike a bot that simply needs to make optimal human-like decisions to play or beat a game, this bot must make the same decisions while also convincing another in-game player of its human-likeness.
Implementation.
The Computer Game Bot Turing Test was designed to test a bot's ability to interact with a game environment in comparison with a human player, simply 'winning' was insufficient. This evolved into a contest with a few important goals in mind:
In 2008, the first 2K BotPrize tournament took place. The contest was held with the game Unreal Tournament 2004 as the platform. Contestants created their bots in advance using the GameBots interface. GameBots had some modifications made so as to adhere to the above conditions, such as removing data about vantage points or weapon damage that unfairly informed the bots of relevant strengths/weakness that a human would otherwise need to learn.
Tournament.
The first BotPrize Tournament was held in Perth, Australia, on 17 December 2008, as part of the 2008 IEEE Symposium on Computational Intelligence and Games. Each competing team was given time to set up and adjust their bots to the modified game client, although no coding changes were allowed at that point. The tournament was run in rounds, each a 10-minute death match. Judges were the last to join the server and every judge observed every player and every bot exactly once, although the pairing of players and bots did change. When the tournament ended, no bot was rated as more human than any player.
In subsequent tournaments, run during 2009-2011, bots achieved scores that were increasingly human-like, but no contestant had won the BotPrize in any of these contests.
In 2012, the annual 2K BotPrize was held once again, and two teams programmed bots that achieved scores greater than those of human players.
Successful bots.
To date, there have been two successfully programmed bots that passed the Computer Game Bot Turing Test.
Comments from the winners can be found in detail at the BotPrize website. Interestingly, these victors succeeded in the year 2012, Alan Turing's centenary year.
Aftermath.
The outcome of a bot that appears more human-like than a human player is possibly overstated, since in the tournament in which the bots succeeded, the average 'humanness' rating of the human players was only 41.4%. This showcases some limits of this Turing Test, since the results demonstrate that human behaviour is more complicated and quantitative than was accounted for. In light of this, the BotPrize competition organizers will increase the difficulty in upcoming years with new challenges, forcing competitors to improve their bots.
It is also believed that methods and techniques developed for the Computer Game Bot Turing Test will be useful in fields other than video games, such as virtual training environments and in improving robot-human interaction.
Contrasts to the Turing Test.
The Computer Game Bot Turing test differs from the traditional or generic Turing test in a number of ways.

</doc>
<doc id="19451462" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19451462" title="Expansion valve (steam engine)">
Expansion valve (steam engine)

An expansion valve is a device in steam engine valve gear that improves engine efficiency. It operates by closing off the supply of steam early, before the piston has travelled through its full stroke. This cut-off allows the steam to then expand within the cylinder. This expanding steam is still sufficient to drive the piston, even though its pressure decreases as it expands. As less steam is supplied in the shorter time for which the valve is open, use of the expansion valve reduces the steam consumed and thus the fuel required. The engine (on 1875 figures) may deliver two-thirds of the work, for only one-third of the steam.
An expansion valve is a secondary valve within a steam engine. They represent an intermediate step between steam engines with non-expansive working and later valve gears that could provide for expansion by controlling the motion of a single valve.
Expansion valves were used for stationary engines and marine engines. They were not used for locomotives, although expansive working was achieved by the use of the later variable expansion valve gears.
Need for varying expansion.
The pressure of the expanded steam is less than that of steam supplied directly from the boiler. An engine working with an expansion valve set to an early cut-off is thus less powerful than with the valve fully open. Accordingly the engine must now be "driven", so that the valve is manually adjusted as the load on the engine changes. An engine running under light load may be operated efficiently with an early cut-off, an engine under heavy load may require a longer cut-off and the cost of more steam consumption. 
When Trevithick supplied his 1801 engine for a rolling mill at Tredegar Iron Works, the engine was more powerful when worked without expansion and Samuel Homfray, the ironmaster, preferred to use the extra power despite the potential saving in coal costs
Gridiron expansion valves.
The "gridiron" valve was one of the first forms of expansion valve. The gridiron valve is an arrangement of two plates with overlapping slats. One plate can move so that its slats overlap either the slats of the other plate, or the slots between them, to thus be either open or closed. It has the advantages of a relatively large opening (up to half of the total area) and a rapid opening, needing to be moved by only one slat width to change from fully open to fully closed. Its disadvantage is that they do not seal particularly well. Because of the short actuating distance for a gridiron valve their valve timing would be relatively imprecise if used with an eccentric or similar. Some large steam engines later used them as primary valves, either as exhaust valves for LP cylinders or as inlet valves in conjunction with trip- or cam valve gear.
Where gridiron valves are used as secondary valves, they were commonly mounted on the inlet side of the valve chamber for the primary slide valve. They were driven by a separate valve gear, usually a separate eccentric set in advance of the main eccentric. When operating, the additional advance moves the gridiron valve to apply cut-off ahead of the main valve. To vary the expansion they provide, the stroke of the eccentric drive can be varied by an adjustable linkage. When this is adjusted to zero throw, the expansion valve remains fully open and the engine works without expansion. Although the use of a secondary gridiron valve was an early technique, it also remained in service with increasingly sophisticated valves and actuation, throughout the history of stationary engines. McIntosh and Seymour engines used one driven by a cam and toggle arrangement that moved intermittently and stood still when open, giving precise timing, and independent adjustment of each valve movement.
Gridiron valves were also used on the backs of slide valves, in the manner of the Meyer valve. This was a patent of John Turnbull of Glasgow in 1869.
Meyer expansion valve.
The best-known design of expansion valve was the Meyer, the invention of French engineer Jean-Jacques Meyer (1804-1877) who applied for a patent on 20 October 1841. A similar valve was patented by James Morris. A second slide valve rides on the back of an adapted main slide valve and is driven by an additional eccentric. In the Meyer valve, the effective length of the expansion valve can be altered with a handwheel whilst the engine is running. The valve has two heads mounted on left- and right-handed threads on the handwheel's valve rod, so that rotating the wheel moves the heads either together or apart. In this arrangement the cut-off is normally controlled manually. Although automatic control was attempted, it was too slow-acting to be effective.
Engines on display at Snibston Discovery Museum and Coleham Pumping Station have Meyer expansion valves.
Compound engines.
Expansion valves were also fitted to compound steam engines. Both techniques are an attempt to achieve greater efficiency, even at the cost of more complexity.
It was usual for expansion valves to be fitted only to the HP (high-pressure) cylinder. Steam supplied to the following LP (low-pressure) cylinder has already been supplied to the engine, so there is little benefit to conserving it. Any early cut-off of the steam inlet to a LP cylinder may also represent throttling the exhaust of the preceding HP cylinder, and a reduction in the efficiency of that cylinder. 
Later compound mill engines with sophisticated valve gears often fitted the complex gear to the HP cylinder whilst retaining a simpler traditional slide valve for the LP cylinder. Examples existed with four different sets of valves: drop valve HP inlets, Corliss HP exhausts and a LP slide valve with a Meyer expansion valve.
Link valve gears.
Developments after the separate expansion valve led to more sophisticated valve gears that could achieve the same goal of varying inlet lap with a single valve. The first of these were the link valve gears, particularly the Stephenson link valve gear. This uses a pair of eccentrics with a sliding link mechanism between them that adds as a mechanical adding device. Selecting intermediate positions provides a valve actuation with the effect of increasing cut-off. As such valve gears also provided, and were first developed for, reversing, they were widely used on locomotives. Theoretically, the precise effect is that of reduced valve "travel", rather than an "earlier" cut-off. This has the effect of reducing overall valve opening, reducing initial steam supply and so having the effect of wire-drawing rather than pure expansion. Despite this, the Stephenson gear became one of the two most-widely used gears for locomotives.
Automatic governors.
'Automatic' engines, and in turn high-speed engines, operated at increasing speeds and required more precise control of their speed under varying load. This required the coupling of their governor to the expansion valve gear. Earlier engines with Watt's centrifugal governor and throttle valve become inefficient when operating at low power.
The "Richardson governor" was used for stationary and portable engines produced by his employers, Robey & Co.. This is a simple link valve gear controlled automatically by a centrifugal governor. Rather than the Stephenson's manual control of the die-block position within the oscillating link, the Richardson governor adjusts this according to engine speed. It usually operated similarly to a Meyer valve, with two valves driven by two eccentrics and the Richardson governor used instead of the Meyer's manual handwheel. This avoided the wire-drawing problem of the Stephenson's reduced valve travel and improved efficiency for stationary engines that might run at low power for long periods.
Successor valve types.
In the fully developed forms of the high-speed engine (from around 1900) though, expansion was controlled by governing the timing of a single valve, rather than a separate expansion valve. These led to further complex valve types such as poppet valves, often driven by cam-based valve gears rather than linkages.
Increasing use of superheating encouraged the replacement of slide valves with piston valves, as these were easier to lubricate at the increased operating temperatures. They also made it impractical to use secondary valves like the Meyer, running on the backs of the primary valves. Possibly the last new design to use a secondary valve as an expansion valve was the Midland Railway Paget locomotive, that used bronze sleeves as expansion valves around its cast iron rotary valves. This design was unsuccessful, owing to mechanical problems with differential thermal expansion of the two valve materials.

</doc>
<doc id="19451464" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19451464" title="Enel Agighiol Wind Farm">
Enel Agighiol Wind Farm

The Enel Agighiol Wind Farm is wind farm located in Tulcea County, Romania. It has 17 individual wind turbines with a nominal output of around 2 MW each and delivers up to 34 MW of power, enough to power over 35,000 homes, which required a capital investment of approximately US$50 million.

</doc>
<doc id="19451481" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19451481" title="Heinz Krey">
Heinz Krey

Heinz Krey (31 December 1921 in Wiesbaden – 23 May 1943 in the North Atlantic) was a German chief engineer on a U-boat in World War II and a posthumous recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross (). The Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross was awarded to recognise extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership.

</doc>
<doc id="19451484" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19451484" title="Enel Corugea Wind Farm">
Enel Corugea Wind Farm

The Enel Corugea Wind Farm is a wind power project in Tulcea County, Romania. It will have 35 Vestas V90 wind turbines with a nominal output of 2 MW which will deliver up to 70 MW of power. Construction started in May 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="19451490" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19451490" title="Nepal Airlines destinations">
Nepal Airlines destinations

Nepal Airlines offers scheduled flights to the following destinations (as of January 2013)

</doc>
<doc id="19451504" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19451504" title="A Virtuoso's Collection">
A Virtuoso's Collection

"A Virtuoso's Collection" is the final short story in "Mosses from an Old Manse" by Nathaniel Hawthorne. It was first published in "Boston Miscellany of Literature and Fashion", I (May 1842), 193-200. 
The story references a number of historical and mythical figures, items, beasts, books, etc. as part of a museum collection. The narrator is led through the collection by the virtuoso himself who turns out to be the Wandering Jew.

</doc>
<doc id="19451544" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19451544" title="Nils Petersen">
Nils Petersen

Nils Petersen (born 6 December 1988 in Wernigerode) is a German footballer who plays as a striker for Werder Bremen in the Bundesliga.
Youth.
Petersen spent his early youth developing at hometown club FC Einheit in Wernigerode and afterward continued his development at VfB Germania in Halberstadt. Later he attended the Sport School Jena, playing in their youth team, eventually leaving during the summer of 2007.
Club career.
FC Carl Zeiss Jena.
In February 2005, FC Carl Zeiss Jena signed Petersen to a youth contract, before promoting him to the First Team in January 2007. Before promotion to the First Team, Petersen had already gained experience playing with the Oberliga reserves. Petersen made his professional debut on 4 February 2007 (20th matchday), in a 0–1 loss in an away match against 1. FC Köln. He entered the match in the 89th minute as a substitute for Mohammed El Berkani.
In future matches, he would serve as a "Super-Sub" coming off the bench to score decisive goals against Alemannia Aachen, FC Erzgebirge Aue and 1. FC Kaiserslautern
FC Energie Cottbus.
During the 2008–09 winter transfer period, Petersen switched to Bundesliga side FC Energie Cottbus. He premiered for Cottbus on the final match-day of the season in a 3–0 home victory over Bayer Leverkusen, on 23 May 2009. Cottbus, finishing 16th in their Bundesliga campaign, would go on to lose in the relegation/promotion playoff against 2nd division 1. FC Nürnberg, resulting in Cottbus' relegation to 2. Bundesliga. During the first half of the 2009–10 season, Petersen rarely saw playing time for Cottbus. After the winter break, his playing time increased as he was able to score nine goals in 14 appearances, securing his place in the starting line-up. 
During the 2010–11 campaign, Petersen would go on to secure the 2. Bundesliga scoring title, notching 25 goals in 33 appearances, helping Cottbus to a mid-table finish. In February 2011, despite interest from various Bundesliga clubs, he decided to extend his existing contract by two years until June 2014.
FC Bayern Munich.
On 19 May 2011, FC Bayern Munich reported the signing of Petersen to a three-year contract until 30 June 2014. Bayern Munich handed him with the famous number nine shirt previously worn by legend Gerd Müller, Giovane Élber and most recently, Luca Toni. Nils Petersen scored his first hat-trick (three goals) in the first ever game he played for FC Bayern Munich against a Trentino Selection. On 10 September 2011, having been on for just 17 minutes, Petersen came close twice, and finally scored his first Bundesliga goal against Freiburg.
Werder Bremen.
On 29 June 2012, SV Werder Bremen agreed a one-year loan deal with Bayern Munich for Petersen. After a successful season on loan at Werden Bremen, it was announced on 23 May 2013 that he had penned a four year contract with the club for an undisclosed fee.
International career.
Petersen was a member of the Germany U-19 team, scoring a goal against Russia during the UEFA U-19 European Championship and the Germany U-20 team, before being called up on 6 August 2009 for the German U-21 team.

</doc>
<doc id="19451545" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19451545" title="Secretary of State of New Mexico">
Secretary of State of New Mexico

The Secretary of State of New Mexico is one of the elected constitutional officers of the U.S. state of New Mexico.
The current Secretary of State is Dianna Duran.
Organization.
The Secretary of State's Office is composed of four divisions:
Other duties.
The Secretary maintains records of bills signed into law, referendum petitions, and legislative journals, and ensures that proposed amendments to the New Mexico Constitution are published in at least one newspaper in every county in the state for four consecutive weeks, in both English and Spanish. The Secretary also serves as registered agent for service of process for foreign corporations in some lawsuits.

</doc>
<doc id="19451556" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19451556" title="Nautilus (song)">
Nautilus (song)

Nautilus is the sixth and final track, lasting 5 minutes and 8 seconds, on the 1974 album One by jazz musician Bob James. 
Nautilus is famous as being one of the most sampled songs in hip hop history. Some of the hip hop songs that have sampled or interpolated this song include "Beats To The Rhyme" by RUN-DMC, "409" By Ice-T 
"Children's Story" by Slick Rick, "Follow The Leader" and "Let The Rhythm Hit 'Em" by Eric B. & Rakim, "Sun Won't Come Out" by Pete Rock & C.L. Smooth, "Clap Your Hands" by A Tribe Called Quest, "Daytona 500" by Ghostface Killah,"Delta Force One" Ultramagnetic MCs, "Around My Way" by Lupe Fiasco, "My Mind Spray" by Jeru The Damaja, "Job Song" by Consequence, "Murray's Revenge" by Murs, and "Take It Back" by the Wu-Tang Clan. Additionally, the video for the Mary J. Blige track "Deep Inside" contains an interlude which samples the song. It is in the video game "" on the radio station .

</doc>
<doc id="19451573" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19451573" title="Dominik Eggemann">
Dominik Eggemann

Dominik Eggemann (born 4 March 1989 in Hildburghausen) is a German Striker who plays for 1. FC Lok Stendal.

</doc>
<doc id="19451581" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19451581" title="Nottingham Concert Band">
Nottingham Concert Band

Nottingham Concert Band (NCB) is the largest community windband in the Nottingham (UK) area, and performs regularly throughout the county and beyond.
Based in West Bridgford, South Nottingham, it is independent and entirely self-financing. The band draws on a diversity of musical styles, from classical transcriptions to contemporary compositions and from film and show compilations to big band favourites.
History.
Part of the musical landscape of the East Midlands since 1991 Nottingham Concert Band began life as Trent Concert Band which in turn arose from the music department of Trent Polytechnic (now Nottingham Trent University). Since 1993, the band has been led by Conductor & Musical Director Robert Parker.
Performances.
Nottingham Concert Band has established a year-round programme of formal evening concerts, plus a busy Summer season of outdoor engagements. Appearances in the recent past have included
Current Schedule
Conductor, Musical Director.
Robert Parker<br>
A Graduate and Fellow of Trinity College London, where he studied horn and piano, Robert performs professionally in a wide diversity of contexts. He also teaches brass both privately and in Nottinghamshire schools and is the county representative for the Trinity Guildhall examinations board.
Associate Conductor.
Ashley Parnell<br>
"<please add something about Ashley's musical career>"
Chairman.
Jeff Fry<br>
Jeff plays bass clarinet in the band and has been chairman for several years "<since when?>".
Members.
Band membership stands currently at over 60 musicians, who come from all across the East Midlands and who range in age from 17 to 70-plus.

</doc>
<doc id="19451632" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19451632" title="Martin Ullmann">
Martin Ullmann

Martin Ullmann (born 11 December 1986 in Erfurt) is a German footballer who plays as an attacker. He is currently a free agent.

</doc>
<doc id="19451642" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19451642" title="Otto Undercover">
Otto Undercover

The Otto Undercover books are a miniseries of books written by actress Rhea Perlman and illustrated by Dan Santat. They are written in an informal manner and contain illustrations on most pages. The fifth book, "The Brink of the Ex-Stink-Tion", has been chosen by Child Magazine as one of the 50 best books of the year 2007.
Synopsis.
The series is about Jake Eboy, known as "Otto Pillip" to disguise his identity. The fake name was created by his parents to protect him. Although he has all kinds of adventures in his self-invented racecar named 'Racecar', his main aim is to find his parents and defeat their enemies.
Books.
The series has a total of six books, all published in the years 2006 and 2007.
Characters.
The following is a list of regular characters in Otto Undercover:
Plot summaries.
Otto Undercover is a series about a boy named Otto, whose parents are working undercover. His racecar is the fastest in the world. The mystery of his parents is not revealed until the final book, "Brain Freeze."
Born to drive.
Otto enters a racecar competition in which he expected to win $1,000,000 to sponsor research to stop disease. Two car thieves, named Ralphie and Paulie, attempt to produce a replica of Otto's car. They would keep Otto busy repairing the car while they use Otto's car to win the race.
The next day, Otto finds out that the car is fake. When he goes to the race, Otto realises what had happened. He uses his remote control to control his car and make it perform tricks with Ralphie inside. The race continues with Otto inside the car. His rival Fullsom, who overhears Otto and his aunts' communication, but cannot understand the conversation as they talk backwards. Suddenly, an accident happens in front of Otto. Otto takes advantage of the delay and changes tyres, a tactic that helps him defeat Fullsom. At the end of the book, Otto's parents write him a letter revealing his true identity as well as his 'assignments'.
Prose.
The series incorporates a lot of wordplay; palindromes like "racecar" and "Otto Pillip" - a double palindrome - regularly feature along with anagrams and backward words. Oxymorons and onomatopoeia are introduced later in the series. Each word is highlighted and its classification is given at the side of the page. Perlman comments that it is a "great way to have something a little challenging and a little educational in the stories but still make them fun". The use of anagrams and palindromes occurs mainly when characters are speaking, and occasionally will appear in descriptive text, but not usually in the narration. They are often used to create confusion in Otto's enemies. Ordinarily the wordplay is used for comedic purposes.
Perlman believes children derive a sense of achievement from completing a chapter but many are frustrated by long chapters, so purposefully writes in small chapters commenting that she 'did that on purpose to make the process of reading a less serious endeavor, especially for reluctant readers who find 12-page chapters overwhelming.'
Inspiration.
According to Perlman, the books are based on stories she used to tell her son, Jake, and they incorporate many of the suggestions he made at the time. Perlman still consults her son about the technicalities of Otto's inventions. The inspiration for "Brink of the Ex-Stink-Tion" came from a family trip to Kenya and Tanzania on a safari. There are six books planned in the series altogether.

</doc>
<doc id="19451652" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19451652" title="SR N15 class 777 Sir Lamiel">
SR N15 class 777 Sir Lamiel

The loco is now running regular passenger services on the preserved section of the Great Central Railway, where it is based. It appeared (as a Great Western engine) in the ITV crime drama series Agatha Christie's Poirot. Series 3 episodes: The Plymouth Express and The Double Clue broadcast in 1991. In 1995 it featured in the BBC television play "Cruel Train", an adaptation of the novel "La Bête Humaine" telling a tale of a murderous engine driver.
Following repair work at Tyseley and Loughborough in October 2012 emerged in Southern Railway Malachite livery as 777 for the first time having previously carried Southern Railway Olive Green as 777 and in British Railways Brunswick Green as 30777 in preservation and at the GCR Autumn gala ran and at some stages double headed with fellow Maunsell and Malachite engine Schools Class 925 Cheltenham.

</doc>
<doc id="19451662" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19451662" title="Martin Dwars">
Martin Dwars

Martin Dwars (born 17 December 1987) is a German Goalkeeper who plays for FC Pommern Greifswald.

</doc>
<doc id="19451663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19451663" title="Farzana Raja">
Farzana Raja

Farzana Raja (born January 2, 1970) is a member of the National Assembly of Pakistan. She is Chairperson of Benazir Income Support Program (BISP), a program which aids impoverished families in Pakistan. Although Farzana Raja was born in Gujrat but she belongs to a Shia Muslim family of the Gujar Khan, a tehsil of Rawalpindi and Chak Rajgan is her village which is situated in Gujar Khan. She had married Pir Mukarram ul Haq from a well known political feudal family of Sindh. Later they divorced and Farzana Raja went on marrying Ammar Turabi the son of famous Shia Scholar Allamah Rasheed Turabi.
Education.
Raja was born in Gujrat. She earned a Bachelors of Arts degree from University of the Punjab.
Political career.
Farzana Raja is affiliated with the Pakistan Peoples Party (PPP). Farzana Raja has contested the election for the district Rawalpindi assembley in 1998 which she lost with wide margin. She was a member of the Provincial Assembly of the Punjab from 2002–2007 in a reserved seat for women.
In February, 2008, she was elected to the National Assembly in the Pakistani general election, 2008 to a reserve seat.
In October 2008, she was appointed by Prime Minister Yousaf Raza Gillani to the position of Chairperson of the Benazir Income Support Program. 
The BISP, named in honour of the late former Prime Minister of Pakistan, Benazir Bhutto is a program which aims to offset the effects of inflation on the poorest people in Pakistan, including families headed by widowed or divorced women, or families with persons with disabilities or chronic disease.
In June 2009 in her capacity as BISP Chairperson, she attended a ceremony that announced a financial package for the internally displaced who would receive a monthly grant of Rs1,000 as part of the BISP programme.
In July 2009 she visited New York and met at the United Nations with representatives of the United Nations Population Fund, the United Nations Children's Fund, the United Nations Development Fund for Women and the World Bank.Whereas in 2012 she was appointed a Federal Minister in the Gillani cabinet and was later retained as Federal Minister without portfolio in charge of the Benazir Income Support Programme under Raja Pervez Ashraf's government.

</doc>
<doc id="19451672" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19451672" title="Hassan Madany">
Hassan Madany

Hassan Madani (born on March 6, 1979 in Cairo) is a male freestyle wrestler from Egypt.
Career.
Madani participated in the Men's freestyle 60 kg event at the 2008 Summer Olympics. He was eliminated in the 1/8 final, losing to Morad Mohammadi from Iran.
At the 2012 Summer Olympics he reached the quarter final, where he was beaten by Ri Jong-Myong of North Korea.

</doc>
<doc id="19451677" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19451677" title="Arctornis l-nigrum">
Arctornis l-nigrum

The Black V Moth (Arctornis l-nigrum) is a moth of the Lymantriidae family. It is found in the Palearctic ecozone and Asia.
The wingspan is 35–45 mm. The moth flies from May to July.
The caterpillars feed on Beech and Birch.

</doc>
<doc id="19451678" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19451678" title="Runabout (carriage)">
Runabout (carriage)

A horse-drawn runabout is a four-wheeled vehicle for informal, utilitarian travel or "running about" and getting things done. Sometimes called a "driving wagon", it is essentially very light in order to be easily hitched by one person, and easily pulled over long distances by a single horse.
A typical example was the light buggy used in the 1890s for daily duties by senior staff of the San Francisco Fire Department. Runabouts could be either fancy or plain, but not encumbered with fenders, heavy tops or optional accessories that added weight.

</doc>
<doc id="19451694" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19451694" title="Salvatore Amirante">
Salvatore Amirante

Salvatore Amirante (born 24 June 1984 in Genoa) is an Italian footballer who plays as a striker for U.S.D. Lavagnese 1919
Career.
Amirante began his career in 1999 for the youth division of U.C. Sampdoria and after five years joined F.S. Sestrese Calcio 1919 where he played his first senior matches. After three years with F.S. Sestrese Calcio 1919 Amirante left the club and signed on with the Swiss football club FC Schaffhausen. He only played 21 games for FC Schaffhausen, scoring four goals. After one season he left Switzerland and his club FC Schaffhausen to sign on with FC Carl Zeiss Jena. He was released from his contract with FC Carl Zeiss Jena on 12 October 2009. Although FC Carl Zeiss Jena consequently withdrew their petition for an immediate annulment of his contract, on 21 December 2009 the club announced that Amirante had nonetheless decided to discontinue his employment with FC Carl Zeiss Jena
He is now a free agent. After one month without a club signed a half year contract for TSV Germania Windeck.
In January 2014 becomes a player for U.S.D. Lavagnese 1919
Background.
On 9 August 2009 Amirante scored four goals in twenty-eight minutes for FC Carl Zeiss Jena in the Match against FC Bayern München II.

</doc>
<doc id="19451705" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19451705" title="Calliteara pudibunda">
Calliteara pudibunda

The Pale Tussock ("Calliteara pudibunda") is a moth of the Lymantriidae family. It is found in Europe and Anatolia.
The Dutch common name for the moth ("Meriansborstel") is named for famous butterfly and insect painter Anna Maria Sibylla Merian.
The wingspan is 40–60 mm. The moth flies from April to June.
The larvae feed on Oak, Willow, Birch, "Prunus" and "Crataegus" species.

</doc>
<doc id="19451724" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19451724" title="Najwa">
Najwa

Najwa is a feminine name of Arabic origin. It means "Secret Talk" or "Whisper." It is mentioned once in the Qur'an.

</doc>
<doc id="19451734" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19451734" title="Leucoma salicis">
Leucoma salicis

The White Satin Moth or Satin Moth "(Leucoma salicis)" is a moth of the Lymantriidae family. It is found in Europe and in North America where it was introduced in the 1920s.
The wingspan is 37–50 mm. The moth flies from June to August.
The larvae feed on Salix and Populus species.

</doc>
<doc id="19451743" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19451743" title="Champion Forest, Texas">
Champion Forest, Texas

Champion Forest is a neighborhood in unincorporated northwest Harris County, Texas, United States.
It is located near Farm to Market Road 1960 and Texas State Highway 249 next to Willowbrook. Bill Murphy of the "Houston Chronicle" described the neighborhood as "affluent". On its website the homeowners' association states that the neighborhood is often referred to as the "River Oaks of the north". A subdivision newsletter described the neighborhood as the "River Oaks of the Suburbs". The neighborhood is a designated bird sanctuary by the Houston Audubon Society.
History.
In 2006, Champion Forest opposed the Raveneaux Country Club's plan to build as many as 500 townhouses and condominiums on its property and then maintain the rest of its property as a golf course. Robert Eckels, a Harris County judge who lived near Champion Forest, opposed the plan. Eckels asked the Harris County right-of-way division to see how much it would cost for the county to force from the country club as eminent domain so the acres could become parkland.
Education.
Students living in Champions are zoned to the Klein Independent School District. The zoned schools are Brill Elementary School, Kleb Intermediate School and Klein High School.

</doc>
<doc id="19451763" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19451763" title="Meillet's law">
Meillet's law

Meillet's law is a Common Slavic accent law, named after the French Indo-Europeanist Antoine Meillet, who discovered it.
According to the law, Slavic words have a circumflex on the root vowel (i.e., the first syllable of a word) with a Balto-Slavic acute if that word had a mobile accent paradigm in Proto-Slavic and Proto-Balto-Slavic. Compare:
Meillet's law should most probably be interpreted as polarization of accentual mobility in Slavic, due to which accent in the words with mobile accentuation had to be on the first "mora", instead on the first syllable (in places in paradigm with initial accent). This is the reason why in the words belonging to mobile paradigms in Slavic accent shifts from the first syllable to the proclitic, e.g. Russian accusative singular of mobile-paradigm "gólovu", but "ná golovu" 'on the head', Serbo-Croatian "glȃvu", but "nȁ glāvu".

</doc>
<doc id="19451767" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19451767" title="Jemur Island">
Jemur Island

Jemur Island () is an island of Indonesia which is located in the Strait of Malacca, about 45 miles from capital of Rokan Hilir regency, Bagansiapiapi, and about 45 miles from Malaysia. Actually, Pulau Jemur is named for several of small island, the isles are Pulau Tekong Emas, Pulau Tekong Simbang, Pulau Labuhan Bilik and some others small isles.
Pulau Jemur has a good natural sea view and beautiful panorama, and serves as home for sea turtles. It has a strategic location on the Strait of Malacca; during the Second World War, the Japanese built a defence on here.
Many places can be found there, such as Japanese Cave, Light House tower, and others.
Pulau Jemur has a natural golden sand beaches. Local government are trying to develop it as a resort area.
Jemur islands are uninhabited and only a stopover place for fishermen who are to sea. A post of Indonesian Navy (TNI-AL) was established in this island for the purposes of observation and navigation. Currently, there is no accommodation in this island. 
There is no regular transportation to the island. However, one can rent a speedboat from Bagansiapiapi (takes about 1.5–2 hours) or Panipahan (takes about 1 hour).
Controversy.
In August 2009, Malaysian claim of the Island as part of Selangor state sparked resentment and protest in the Indonesian community. Jemur Island is part of Rokan Hilir, Indonesia not Malaysia. Pulau Jemur is included as part of a tourist destination in Selangor state as reported in However,the claim was based on a travel Web site of unidentifiable origin that inaccurately listed Jemur Island as part of Malaysia. Note that there is no plausible link whatsoever between the Web site and the Malaysia government or any Malaysian. The news station went on to ask a Riau government official’s comment on the “claim.” Misled by the channel, the government official immediately reacted by stating that Malaysia has no right to claim Jemur Island, without pausing to question the accuracy of the news. The news turned out to be another news TV hoax, as later verified by the general counsel of Malaysia and the director of tourism in Medan.

</doc>
<doc id="19451787" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19451787" title="Sri Lankan Provincial Flags">
Sri Lankan Provincial Flags

This is a list of the Flags of the Sri Lankan Provinces. Provincial flags for the modern provinces of Sri Lanka were first introduced in 1987, and 1988 for the North Eastern Province, which was at the time one entity. In 2007 with the separation of the North Eastern Province, into the Northern and the Eastern provinces, two new flags were adopted.
Most of the flags are based upon ancient Sinhalese flags, and or symbols for their respective regions. 

</doc>
<doc id="19451794" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19451794" title="Euplocamus anthracinalis">
Euplocamus anthracinalis

Euplocamus anthracinalis is a species of tineoid moth. It belongs to the fungus moth family (Tineidae), and among these to the subfamily Euplocaminae.
This moth inhabits humid woodland. It is found in western Eurasia, where it is not rare east of the Germany region, but at least uncommon if not entirely absent in western continental Europe. For Britain for example, there exists (as of the late 2000s (decade)) only a single early 19th century record. With little or no associated information as to locality or circumstances, it may well be entirely in error.
The adults are on the wing in the summer months, approximately from May to August depending on location. They are largish moths (wingspan 25–33 mm) whose black forewings are dappled with (usually) 8 large and a few smaller white dots. The dusky hindwings have a neat white border. The head is ruddy but the entire animal bleaches easy as museum specimen. The caterpillars inhabit rotting wood, which they feed on; they also eat bracket fungi growing on it.

</doc>
<doc id="19451809" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19451809" title="Dirac (software)">
Dirac (software)

Dirac (named after Paul Dirac) is a relativistic ab initio quantum chemistry program. The full name is "Program for Atomic and Molecular Direct Iterative Relativistic All-electron Calculations", in short PAM Dirac. It is capable of calculating various molecular properties using the Hartree–Fock, MP2, density functional theory, configuration interaction and coupled cluster electronic structure theories. Dirac is one of the most successful general-purpose quantum chemistry packages that provides accurate description of relativistic effects in molecules, using the Dirac equation as its starting point. The program is available in source code form, at no cost, to the academic community.
The most recent version,
DIRAC12, was released on December 12, 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="19451815" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19451815" title="René van Eck">
René van Eck

René van Eck (born 18 February 1966) is a former Dutch footballer who was most recently manager of Alemannia Aachen.
Career.
Van Eck started his professional career at local side Excelsior Rotterdam before moving to FC Den Bosch aged 20. The long-haired defender played four seasons at Den Bosch, then moved abroad to join FC Luzern where he would spend eight seasons and become captain of the team.
He was a hard and physical defender, moving in December 1998 from FC Luzern to 1. FC Nürnberg. He played with Nürnberg sixteen games the 1. Bundesliga. After Nürnberg's relegation he played one season in the 2. Bundesliga with 22 games. Afterwards, Van Eck moved back to Switzerland and signed a contract with FC Winterthur. After half a year he moved to league rival SC Kriens.
Coaching career.
His coaching career began for Van Eck as assistant manager of FC Luzern; in 2003 he was named as the new manager. His greatest success was the promotion to the Swiss Super League, among others with 31 games without defeat. Differences with the club management led him to leave Luzern and joining the Finnish club Inter Turku. With this club he stayed in the league. From June 2007 to May 2008 he managed FC Thun and was relegated from the AXPO Super League to the Challenge League, and on 23 May 2008 fired in Thun.
Since 2007, van Eck holds the UEFA Pro Coach Licence. He signed his coaching contract with FC Carl Zeiss Jena on 28 September 2008, until the end of the season, then on 5 February 2009 extended his contract to 30 June 2011. He was fired from his coaching job with FC Carl Zeiss Jena on 24 March 2009. On 29 May 2009, it was announced that he will come back to FC Carl Zeiss Jena because his not cancelled contract ran until 30 June 2011. Later he was named as the new head coach of FC Carl Zeiss Jena, returning after 67 days. On 1 June 2010, he canceled his contract with FC Carl Zeiss Jena and left the club.

</doc>
<doc id="19451820" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19451820" title="Majority Act (India)">
Majority Act (India)

The Majority Act of 1875 "(Indian Majority Act, 1875 earlier)"states that every person domiciled in India shall attain the age of majority on completion of 18 years and not before. Unless a particular personal law specifies otherwise, every person domiciled in India is deemed to have attained majority upon completion of 18 years of age. However, in the case of a minor for whose person or property, or both, a guardian has been appointed or declared by any court of justice before the age of 18 years, and in case of every minor the superintendence of whose property has been assumed by the Court of Wards, age of majority will be 21 years and not 18.
The Majority Act, 1875.
Act No. 9 OF 1875.
Dated 2 March, 1875.
An Act to amend the law respecting the age of majority. 
Preamble. 
WHEREAS, in the case of persons domiciled in India it is expedient to specify the age of Majority; It is hereby enacted as follows:- 
1. Short title. Local extent, commencement and operation. - This Act may be called the "Majority Act, 1875". It extends to the whole of India, except the State of Jammu and Kashmir; and it shall come into force and have effect only on the expiration of three months from the passing thereof. 
2. Saving. - Nothing herein contained shall affect:-- (a) the capacity of any persons to act in the following matters (namely),--marriage, dower, divorce and adoption; (b) the religion or religious rites and usages of any class of citizens of India; or (c) the capacity of any person who before this Act comes into force has attained majority under the law applicable to him. 
3. Age of majority of persons domiciled in India. - (1) Every person domiciled in India shall attain the age of majority on his completing the age of eighteen years and not before.
(2) In computing the age of any person, the day on which he was born is to be included as a whole day and he shall be deemed to have attained majority at the beginning of the eighteenth anniversary of that day.
This Act has been extended to Dadra and Nagar Haveli by Reg. 6 of 1963, s. 2 and Sch. I and Laccadive, Minicoy and Amindivi Islands by Reg. 8 of 1965, s. 3 and Sch. This Act has been extended to Pondicherry by Act 26 of 1968, subject to the following modification: In section 1 at the end, insert:-- "Provided that nothing contained in this Act shall apply to the Renoncants of the Union territory of Pondicherry.". The Act shall come into force in the State of Sikkim on 1.9.1984 vide Notifn. No. S.O. 652(E), dt. 24.8.84 Gaz. of India, Exty. Pt. II Sec.3(ii). 2. Subs. by Act 3 of 1951, s. 3 and Sch., for "Part A States and Part C States". 3. Subs. by Act 33 of 1999, s. 2 (w.e.f. 16.12.1999). 4. Omitted by s. 3 ibid (w.e.f. 16.12.1999). 5. Subs. by the A.O. 1950, for the original para. 6. Subs. by Act 3 of 1951, s. 3 and Sch., for "except Part B States". 7. Subs. by the A.O. 1950, for "His Majesty's subjects in India". 8. Subs. by Act 33 of 1999, s. 4 (w.e.f. 16.12.1999). 2 
Illustrations. 
(a) Z is born in India on the first day of January 1850, and has an Indian domicile. A guardian of his person is appointed by a Court of Justice. Z attains majority at the first moment of the first day of January 1871. (b) Z is born in India on the twenty-ninth day of February 1852, and has an Indian domicile. A guardian of his property is appointed by a Court of Justice. Z attains majority at the first moment of the twenty-eighth day of February 1873. (c) Z is born on the first day of January 1850. He acquires a domicile in India. No guardian is appointed of his person or property of any Court of Justice, nor is he under the jurisdiction of any Court of Wards. Z attains majority at the first moment of the first day of January 1868.

</doc>
<doc id="19451823" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19451823" title="Hard Up in the 2000s (film)">
Hard Up in the 2000s (film)

Hard Up In The 2000s is a rockumentary film of the Spring leg of the indie rock Boston band Aloud's Fan The Fury tour, which took place from March to April 2008. Direction and editing of the film was credited to Alan Smithee.
The film is set against audio from radio interviews the band gave during and after the tour, primarily by Phil Fleming (WMFO) and Jamie Leigh Griffiths (WDBK).
The title for the film was taken from the song of the same name on Aloud's second album Fan The Fury.
Music.
With the exception of "Murder Will Out", all of the music from Fan The Fury was represented in the film. All songs written by Aloud.

</doc>
<doc id="19451843" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19451843" title="Staatstheater Braunschweig">
Staatstheater Braunschweig

The Staatstheater Braunschweig is a theatre and opera house in Braunschweig, Germany. Joachim Klement has been the intendant there since 2010.
The Staatstheater comprises musical theatre, modern dance and theatre.
Owner of the "Staatstheater Braunschweig" is the State of Lower Saxony.
History.
The first predecessor of the Staatstheater Braunschweig was the "Opernhaus am Hagenmarkt" in Braunschweig, founded in 1690 by Duke Anthony Ulrich of Brunswick-Wolfenbüttel. Theatre works such as "Emilia Galotti" by Lessing and Goethe's "Faust" had their first opening in Braunschweig.

</doc>
<doc id="19451866" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19451866" title="Nouvelle Vague (film)">
Nouvelle Vague (film)

Nouvelle Vague (English: New Wave) is a 1990 French film written and directed by Jean-Luc Godard. It follows the story of hitchiker Lennox (Alain Delon) credited as "Lui" (""Him""), taken in by a wealthy industrialist, Elena Torlato-Favrini or "Elle" (""Her""), played by Domiziana Giordano. The film was entered into the 1990 Cannes Film Festival.
Reception.
Based on 6 reviews, "Nouvelle Vague" has an approval rating of 67% on review aggregator Rotten Tomatoes.

</doc>
<doc id="19451875" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19451875" title="Leptosols">
Leptosols

A Leptosol in the FAO World Reference Base for Soil Resources is a very shallow soil over hard rock or highly calcareous material or a deeper soil that is extremely gravelly and/or stony. Leptosols cover approximately 1.7 billion hectares of the Earth's surface. They are found from the tropics to the cold polar regions and from sea level to the highest peaks. Leptosols are particularly widespread in mountain areas, notably in Asia, South America, northern Canada and Alaska; and in the Saharan and Arabian deserts. Elsewhere, Leptosols can be found on hard rocks or where erosion has kept pace with soil formation or removed the top of the soil. In the FAO soil classification for the UNESCO Soil Map of the World (1974) the Leptosols on calcareous rock were called Rendzinas, those on acid rock were Rankers. The very shallow, less than 10 cm deep, "Lithic Leptosols" in mountain regions are the most extensive Leptosols on Earth.
Leptosols are unattractive soils for rainfed agriculture because of their inability to hold water, but may sometimes have potential for tree crops or extensive grazing. Leptosols are best kept under forest.

</doc>
<doc id="19451878" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19451878" title="Ares (musician)">
Ares (musician)

Ronny Hovland, better known as Ares, (born 3 June 1973 in Bergen) is a Norwegian metal vocalist, guitarist and bassist, and the founder of the Norwegian death metal band Aeternus.
Biography.
Ares is the founder of the Norwegian dark metal/death metal band Aeternus, in which he plays guitar and does the vocals. The band was formed in 1993 as a trio, composed of Ares, Erik Vrolok, and Morrigan. From 1995 to 1997, Ares was the bassist of the black metal band Gorgoroth, before Aeternus' debut album, "Beyond the Wandering Moon", was released in 1997 on Hammerheart Records. Aeternus has since toured with bands such as Emperor and Deicide, and has released an additional five full-length albums. Ares is now the only remaining original member of Aeternus. In addition to Aeternus and Gorgoroth, Ares has played in several other extreme metal bands, and has done live work for bands such as Immortal and Grimfist.

</doc>
<doc id="19451894" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19451894" title="Left Bloc (Palestine)">
Left Bloc (Palestine)

The Left Bloc was a leftwing organization in Palestine, which existed in the late 1920s. The group published a newspaper called "Derekh Hapoel" (דרך הפועל, Hebrew for 'Workers' Path'). Politically, the organization was critical the Histadrut leadership for not organizing Arabic and Jewish workers jointly.

</doc>
<doc id="19451900" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19451900" title="Tracey MacLeod">
Tracey MacLeod

Tracey MacLeod (born 30 October 1960, Ipswich, Suffolk) is a journalist and broadcaster who has presented a range of BBC arts and music programming, including "The Late Show" 1989-95 and its musical offshoots "New West" and "Words and Music", "Edinburgh Nights" (1989, 1990), the Booker Prize (1990 – 95) and the Mercury Music Prize (1994–98). She hosted a Sunday night radio show on GLR from 1990 for several years, and was one of the launch DJs on BBC 6 Music. 
MacLeod worked as a researcher at the BBC before making her on-screen debut in 1987 on Channel 4’s youth show "Network 7". Other screen credits include channel 4’s "A Stab in the Dark" with David Baddiel and Michael Gove, "All I Want – A Portrait of Rufus Wainwright", "Kitchen Criminals", "Masterchef", and voicing over many music documentaries and the long-running BBC2 show "Rapido", presented by Antoine de Caunes. She appeared as a guest interviewer in Sean Hughes' 1992 comedy series "Sean's Show". Her friend Helen Fielding partly based the Jude character in "Bridget Jones's Diary" on her, and she appeared as an extra in the literary party scene of the film, directed by Sharon Maguire.
She was a team captain on the Radio 4 music quiz "All the Way from Memphis", with Andrew Collins, and a regular contestant on the Radio 4 books quiz, The Write Stuff. 
She has been the restaurant critic of "The Independent" since 1997, winning the Glenfiddich award for Restaurant Writer of the year in 2003, and was awarded Restaurant Writer of the Year by the Guild of Food Writers in 2008 and 2010. She has also been literary editor of Marie Claire, and radio critic of the Mail on Sunday. 
She is a director of the talent agency KBJ Management, where she manages TV presenters including Simon Amstell and Kevin McCloud.
She attended Ipswich High School.

</doc>
<doc id="19451902" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19451902" title="Hellenic Mensa">
Hellenic Mensa

Hellenic Mensa, or "Mensa in Greece" was founded in 1986 and has around 530 members
Mensa in Greece.
Mensa in Greece, usually called "Hellenic Mensa", has its office in the Athens area, Petmeza 14. Hellenic Mensa has a board of 7 voluntary directors each of whom is elected for a two year term. Mensa Greece hosted the 1988 IBD Mensa meeting in Athens.
Membership.
Individual annual membership costs €40. The membership package includes a bimonthly magazine called Hellenic Mensa Magazine, in Greek language: 
Testing.
In Greece there is no tradition of IQ-scoring for school or university admission purposes. Thus taking the Mensa IQ Test is the usual way to become a member. 
On Line Magazine.
There is an Hellenic Mensa Magazine on Line mainly in Greek Language and there is an English Section with some of the articles translated in English.
Hellenic Mensa Magazine on Line
Regular Events.
There are some S.I.G. and nationwide events of Hellenic Mensa. In Athens there are meet-ups every month and in Thessaloniki almost at monthly intervals. Furthermore there is one annual gathering.
Official website

</doc>
<doc id="19451911" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19451911" title="Mark Zimmermann">
Mark Zimmermann

Mark Zimmermann (born March 1, 1974 in Bad Salzungen) is a former German footballer and currently an assistant coach of 3rd Liga side FC Carl Zeiss Jena.
Career.
From 19 September to 25 September 2008 he was Interim Head Coach in 2 Games (1 win, 1 lose) the win was in the second round from DFB Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="19451920" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19451920" title="Grigadale">
Grigadale

Grigadale (Scottish Gaelic: Griogadal), in Ardnamurchan in the Highland Council Area, is the most westerly settlement on the mainland of Scotland.
The lighthouse at Ardnamurchan Point, and Corrachadh Mòr, the most westerly point in mainland Scotland, are about 1.5 km to the west.
It is located at , or .

</doc>
<doc id="19451935" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19451935" title="Zoe Thompson">
Zoe Thompson

Zoe Thompson (born 16 September 1983) is an association football player who represented New Zealand at international level. She attended Takapuna Grammar School and was Deputy Head Girl in her last year, 2001. She currently plays for Glenfield Rovers.
Thompson made her Football Ferns debut as a substitute in a 0-3 loss to China on 22 February 2004, and represented New Zealand at the 2007 FIFA Women's World Cup finals in China, where they lost to Brazil 0-5, Denmark (0-2) and China (0-2).

</doc>
<doc id="19451996" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19451996" title="Katie Hoyle">
Katie Hoyle

Katie Cherie Hoyle (born 1 February 1988) is an association footballer who plays for Melbourne Victory in the Australian W-League and for New Zealand at international level.
Club career.
Hoyle signed with Melbourne Victory ahead of the 2013–14 season. In January 2014, Hoyle agreed to join English club Notts County after the Australian season had concluded.
International career.
Hoyle represented New Zealand at age group level, appearing at the 2006 Women's U-20 World Cup finals, and again represented the young ferns at the 2008 Women's U-20 World Cup in Chile. before making her full Football Ferns debut in a 0-3 loss to China on 14 November 2006, and represented New Zealand at the 2007 FIFA Women's World Cup finals in China, where they lost to Brazil 0-5, Denmark (0-2) and China (0-2).
Hoyle was also included in the New Zealand squad for the 2008 Summer Olympic games where they drew with Japan (2-2) before losing to Norway(0-1) and Brazil (0-4).
She scored her first senior international goal in a 10–0 win over Cook Islands at the Oceania Women's Nations Cup on 1 October 2010.
Hoyle played for New Zealand at the 2011 FIFA Women's World Cup where she earned her 50th cap in a 2–1 loss to England in the group stages.

</doc>
<doc id="19452000" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19452000" title="Dodge EV">
Dodge EV

The Dodge EV development vehicle, also called Dodge Circuit EV sports car, was a two-passenger, rear-wheel-drive, all-electric sports car shown to the public at the 2009 North American International Auto Show.
The car was based on the Lotus Europa S, and combined a lithium-ion battery pack with a 200-kilowatt electric motor, capable of generating and of torque.
Chrysler claimed that the Dodge EV had a driving range of , approaching the range and performance of the all-electric Tesla Roadster, which is built on the same chassis. According to Chrysler, the Dodge EV could be recharged in eight hours using a standard 110-volt outlet, or in only four hours using a 220-volt outlet, the type commonly used for electric ovens and dryers.
Chrysler unveiled the working prototypes of this all-electric vehicle and announced plans to bring it to market in the United States by 2010.
But in May 2009 Autocar claimed the project was cancelled
and in November Fiat SpA disbanded Chrysler's ENVI electric car division and dropped its models from future product plans.

</doc>
<doc id="19452014" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19452014" title="Walter Kitundu">
Walter Kitundu

Walter Kitundu is a musical instrument builder, graphic artist, and musical composer from San Francisco, California. 
Biography.
Kitundu was born in Rochester, Minnesota and spent his early years in Tanzania. He returned to Minnesota from age 8 to 25, then moved to the San Francisco Bay Area in approximately 1998. He currently lives in the Western Addition neighborhood. 
Career and Works.
As of 2008 Kitundu is a "Multimedia Artist" with the Exploratorium, artist in residence at the Headlands Center for the Arts, and a Distinguished visiting professor of "Wood Arts" at the California College of the Arts.
Kitundu is also a wildlife photographer, with a specialty in hawks and other raptors.
Awards.
In September 2008, Kitundu won a MacArthur fellowship.
External links.
kitundu.com - professional website

</doc>
<doc id="19452016" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19452016" title="CLEAN (algorithm)">
CLEAN (algorithm)

The CLEAN algorithm is a computational algorithm to perform a deconvolution on images created in radio astronomy. It was published by Jan Högbom in 1974 and several variations have been proposed since then.
The algorithm assumes that the image consists of a number of point sources. It will iteratively find the highest value in the image and subtract a small gain of this point source convolved with the point spread function ("dirty beam") of the observation, until the highest value is smaller than some threshold.

</doc>
<doc id="19452024" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19452024" title="WBZ">
WBZ

WBZ may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19452036" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19452036" title="Harvey Kelly">
Harvey Kelly

Harvey "Duff" Kelly (born 24 March 1883) was an Australian rules footballer who played with South Melbourne and Carlton in the Victorian Football League (VFL). 
Western Australian Harvey Kelly played most of his games at centre half forward and was noted for his long, accurate drop and place kicks. He started out at South Melbourne in 1902 but after just one season returned home and joined East Fremantle. A member of East's 1904 premiership team, he crossed to rivals South Fremantle in 1905. His brothers Ernie and Otto, who both had VFL careers, played beside him at South Fremantle.
While in Western Australia, Kelly played two first-class cricket matches for the state, as a bowler.
Kelly went to Carlton in 1907 and participated in their premiership side that year. The following season Carlton won all of the 14 games that Kelly played in and added another premiership to their tally, with the forward kicking a goal in the Grand Final. Also in 1908 he represented Victoria at the Melbourne Carnival. He kicked a career best 28 goals in 1909 and made his third successive Grand Final, only to lose to his old club South Melbourne.
In both 1910 and 1911, Kelly played his football in Tasmania for the Lefroy Football Club. He impressed enough to represent Tasmania at the 1911 Adelaide Carnival.
He toured New Zealand in 1912, with the South Melbourne Cricket Club.
Although Carlton refused to clear him initially, he was signed up by South Melbourne as coach for the 1913 season. Under Kelly the club finished the home and away season in second position but struggled in the finals and failed to make the premiership decider. His last game in the VFL was the 1914 Grand Final, which South Melbourne lost to Carlton.

</doc>
<doc id="19452038" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19452038" title="George Ansbro">
George Ansbro

George Ansbro (January 14, 1915 – November 5, 2011) was a radio announcer for NBC and ABC for six decades, working with soap operas, big bands, quiz shows and other programs.
George Ansbro got his first experience of the radio “showbiz” on a family trip to Springfield, Massachusetts. His family went to the B.F. Keith Theater and saw Singer’s Midgets. The group sang “A Kiss in the Dark”.
Ansbro’s mom signed him up for singing lessons with a man named Thomas Hannom. The lessons didn’t last long, but the one thing that Hannom left him was a connection with someone at the station WNYC. The station decided one day to open their microphones to newcomers to show off their singing ability. Hannom took George the station where he introduced him to Tommy Cowan. 
He began at NBC in 1928 as a boy soprano on Milton Cross' Sunday show, "Children's Hour". Three years later, he was hired as an NBC page in 1931, but he was soon employed as an announcer at NBC. On Friday, May 18, 1934, radio columns in New York newspapers noted that Bert Parks of CBS would be “relinquishing his status as New York’s youngest network staff announcer to the newly appointed George Ansbro on the NBC announcing staff.”
Parade of programs.
Ansbro’s radio career included announcing for "FBI Washington", "Treasury Salute", "Wake Up, America", "Young Widder Brown", "Manhattan Maharajah" and the popular "Dr. I.Q." quiz show. He also announced for "Across the Board" and other television shows. During these years, he lived in Manhattan at 50 East 10th Street and thus could be at an NBC microphone in a matter of minutes.
By 1948, with NBC Radio's Blue Network subsidiary having led to the formation of the ABC Television Network, Ansbro had moved into television announcing as well. He would ultimately become one of ABC's longest-lasting and principal live voice-overs, in most of the network's weekday and weekend dayparts, along with the rotating staff of announcers. Come the 1980s, the majority of Ansbro's announcing was during the ABC daytime lineup, handling sponsor plugs for their daytime soap operas especially, mid-break bumpers (specifically for "One Life to Live") and the show preview announcements that were run during end credits. However, in prime time, Ansbro would still be heard occasionally.
During the 1970s, he appeared on two shows looking back at vintage radio, beginning with ABC's "Return To Studio 1A" (1970). "Radio's Golden Age" which aired July 16, 1976, on WMUK-FM (Kalamazoo, Michigan), featured an interview with Ansbro about early radio soap operas. It was written and produced by Eli Segal for Western Michigan University.
In a letter dated October 1, 1986 (the 55th anniversary of his hiring by NBC), Ansbro was acknowledged by ABC's then-parent owner Capital Cities for not only being the oldest employee of ABC and its derivatives, but for being the longest-tenured employee of any network in the history of American broadcasting. Ansbro continues to hold the record to this day, having served fifty-eight years, three months and twelve days with ABC upon his retirement on January 14, 1990, his 75th birthday. His retirement heralded turnover in ABC's on-air voiceover staff in 1990; that summer, two more tenured staff announcers, Ed Jordan and Wally Parker, also retired. In August, the daytime shifts once covered by Ansbro, Jordan and Parker were officially taken over by Ken Lamb, who in 2008 became ABC's chief booth announcer. (Bill Rice, who had become ABC's senior announcer in 1990, retired in 2008.)
Ansbro wrote a book about his radio experiences, "I Have a Lady in the Balcony: Memoirs of a Broadcaster in Radio and Television" (McFarland, 2000). The title is taken from the once familiar catch phrase heard weekly on "Dr. I.Q." Leonard Maltin did the foreword for the book.
Ansbro was a resident of Spring Lake, New Jersey. He died on November 5, 2011 in Bloomfield, Connecticut, aged 96.

</doc>
<doc id="19452043" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19452043" title="Medical facility">
Medical facility

A medical facility is, in general, any location at which medicine is practiced regularly. Medical facilities range from small clinics and doctor's offices to urgent care centers and large hospitals with elaborate emergency rooms and trauma centers. The number and quality of medical facilities in a country or region is one common measure of that area's prosperity and quality of life. In many countries, medical facilities are regulated to some extent by law; licensing by a regulatory agency is often required before a facility may open for business. Medical facilities may be owned and operated by for-profit businesses, non-profit organizations, governments, and in some cases by individuals, with proportions varying by country.
Medical facility workload.
The workload of a medical facility is often used to indicate its size. Large medical facilities are those with a greater patient load. 
In Australia the workload of a medical facility is used to determine the level of government funding provided to that facility. The government measures a facility (or medical practice) in terms of its standard whole patient equivalent (SWPE). The SWPE calculation is determined by analysis of the patients that attend that facility. The calculation takes into account the proportion of medical services (in dollars) rendered at that facility relative to others that each patient attends. It includes a weighting factor based on each patients demography to account for the varied levels of services required by patients depending on their gender and age. The premise of weighting is that patients require different levels of medical services depending on their age and gender. For example, the average male patient requires fewer consultations than his older and infant counterparts. 
The table shows the weighting factors used in the standardization of workloads.
Table: Age by Sex Weights for SWPE Standardisation
Types of medical facility.
Hospital.
A hospital is an institution for health care typically providing specialized treatment for inpatient (or overnight) stays. Some hospitals primarily admit patients suffering from a specific disease or affection, or are reserved for the diagnosis and treatment of conditions affecting a specific age group. Others have a mandate that expands beyond offering dominantly curative and rehabilitative care services to include promotional, preventive and educational roles as part of a primary health care approach. Today, hospitals are usually funded by the state, health organizations (for profit or non-profit), by health insurances or by charities and by donations. Historically, however, they were often founded and funded by religious orders or charitable individuals and leaders. Hospitals are nowadays staffed by professionally trained doctors, nurses, paramedical clinicians, etc., whereas historically, this work was usually done by the founding religious orders or by volunteers.
Health care centre.
Health care centres, including clinics, doctor's offices, urgent care centers and ambulatory surgery centers, serve as first point of contact with a health professional and provide outpatient medical, nursing, dental, and other types of care services.
Medical nursing home.
Medical nursing homes, including residential treatment centers and geriatric care facilities, are health care institutions which have accommodation facilities and which engage in providing short-term or long-term medical treatment of a general or specialized nature not performed by hospitals to inpatients with any of a wide variety of medical conditions.
Pharmacies and drug stores.
Pharmacies and drug stores comprise establishments engaged in retailing prescription or nonprescription drugs and medicines, and other types of medical and orthopaedic goods. Regulated pharmacies may be based in a hospital or clinic or they may be privately operated, and are usually staffed by pharmacists, pharmacy technicians, and pharmacy aides.
Medical laboratory and research.
A medical laboratory or clinical laboratory is a laboratory where tests are done on biological specimens in order to get information about the health of a patient. Such laboratories may be divided into categorical departments such as microbiology, hematology, clinical biochemistry, immunology, serology, histology, cytology, cytogenetics, or virology. In many countries, there are two main types of labs that process the majority of medical specimens. Hospital laboratories are attached to a hospital, and perform tests on these patients. Private or community laboratories receive samples from general practitioners, insurance companies, and other health clinics for analysis.
A biomedical research facility is where basic research or applied research is conducted to aid the body of knowledge in the field of medicine. Medical research can be divided into two general categories: the evaluation of new treatments for both safety and efficacy in what are termed clinical trials, and all other research that contributes to the development of new treatments. The latter is termed preclinical research if its goal is specifically to elaborate knowledge for the development of new therapeutic strategies.

</doc>
<doc id="19452057" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19452057" title="Ninsee">
Ninsee

The National Institute for the Study of Dutch Slavery and its Legacy (NiNsee) is based in Amsterdam, Netherlands and was established to document the history of Dutch Slavery from various perspectives. NiNsee is an institute for researchers, educators and historians. It is the dynamic component of an initiative taken by the Dutch government in 2001 to erect a monument to commemorate the abolition of slavery in the Netherlands and to create and institute to research, discuss and process the history of Dutch slavery and its legacy. 
History
In 1999, the Landelijke Platform Slavernijverleden took the initiative to erect a monument with a static and dynamic dimension, the National Monument for Dutch Slavery and its Legacy (Nationaal Monument Slavernijverleden). On 1 July, 2002 in the Oosterpark, Amsterdam, the static monument was unveiled in the presence of Her Majesty Queen Beatrix and many other honored guests from the Netherlands and abroad. The dynamic monument, the National Institute for Dutch Slavery and its Legacy (NiNsee) was opened on 1 July, 2003 upon the national commemoration of the abolition of slavery 140 years ago. 
Mission
The mission of NiNsee is to develop and position itself as the national symbol of the shared legacy of Dutch slavery and the collective future of all Dutch people. NiNsee inventorises the tangible heritage in the form of "monuments" to the slave trade and slavery. These include plantations, forts and structures that were utilized to house slaves in Suriname, the Netherlands Antilles, Aruba and the west coast of Africa, Ghana. NiNsee also documents the oral history of slavery to help stimulate awareness of the collective history of slavery. NiNsee organizes conferences and workshops to shed light on the history of Dutch slavery and its impact on Dutch society from varied and diverse perspectives, on an international and national level. The institute has the goal of realizing a nuanced and realistic image of Dutch slavery and its legacy. 
Background.
The decision to establish the institute was influenced by a number of national and international developments. On the national front, descendants of slaves questioned the recognition of their heritage and the impact it has had on their position in current society. A petition for a monument was first produced during a conference organized by the Afro-European Women's Movement, Sophiedela. In September 1998, this petition was submitted to the Dutch Ministry of the Interior and Kingdom Relations. Minister Roger van Boxtel of the party Democrats 66 was integral to the process of coordinating the project. Through much discussion and debate, the realization of the plan was announced on July 1, 2000 and the municipality of Amsterdam announced its readiness to host the monument. Surinamese artist Erwin de Vries was asked to create the monument. 
At the same time, there was growing interest in the Dutch colonial past and a general development towards reconsidering, recalibrating and rewriting the historiography of the former Dutch overseas colonies. As a result of the above developments, the involvement of the Netherlands in the Trans-Atlantic slave trade and slavery now forms part of the 50 windows of the Dutch historical and cultural canon.

</doc>
<doc id="19452143" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19452143" title="Rene Sheppard">
Rene Sheppard

Rene Sheppard is a fictional police detective of the Baltimore Police Department on "", played by Michael Michele. At 29, Sheppard first appeared in Season 7. Rene was Miss Anne Arundel County (beauty pageant queen) sometime prior to joining the Baltimore Police Department. She came into the Homicide Section from the Escape and Apprehension Section (Fugitive Squad) and was partnered with Meldrick Lewis until an arrest went bad; Sheppard was severely beaten, and her gun was stolen, causing the department to doubt her ability to do the job. At first fiercely protective of his partner, Lewis soon grew unable to trust her, leading to tension between the two and often resulting in Lewis and Sheppard's seeking other partners. After spending her recovery time behind a desk, Sheppard was allowed to be the primary on the "Internet Killer" case, and redeemed herself somewhat by leading the investigation that led to Internet Killer Luke Ryland's arrest. However, Sheppard later learned that Lewis was not the only cop in the Homicide unit who had concerns about her job performance: Stivers outright said that Sheppard went for her gun too early during the "I got beat down and my gun took" confrontation, and while Ballard was more sympathetic to Sheppard she also expressesd some concerns to an angry Sheppard. In the penultimate series episode, Sheppard and Ballard found themselves working a case involving a murdered female gangbanger, and Sheppard was feeling some pressure to not call in one of the male detectives to help them. When they closed the case, Sheppard told Lewis (who had given her a rote "good job" comment) that she could do her job regardless of what he thought. 
In the series finale, though, Lewis continued to be insulting to Sheppard--earning him a "you're an ass" comment from Bayliss, to which Lewis responded angrily about how a Homicide cop has to close off his emotions--but the reaction of a murdered woman's relative led him to turn a corner, and the final few scenes of the show had Lewis asking Sheppard to join him on a homicide call, which they worked without any problems.
The character also appeared in the "Law & Order" episode "Sideshow".

</doc>
<doc id="19452166" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19452166" title="Laugh Factory (Long Beach)">
Laugh Factory (Long Beach)

Long Beach's Laugh Factory is part of the Laugh Factory chain of comedy clubs owned by Jamie Masada.
It is located at 151 S Pine Ave in downtown Long Beach, California. It is the 4th Laugh Factory to open in and the 3rd in Southern California.
The $10 million, 670-seat,12,000-square-foot venue is the largest comedy venue in the world. 
The Laugh Factory Long Beach held its Grand Opening on September 20, 2008.
Its opening has been long anticipated since the facility has been part of a multi-million dollar retail and entertainment development known as The Pike at Rainbow Harbor, that opened in 2003.
Stand-Up Comedy Hall of Fame and Museum.
The Long Beach Laugh Factory is home to the official Laugh Factory Stand-Up Comedy Hall of Fame and Museum, which holds over 500 pieces of comedy memorabilia from notable comedians like Rodney Dangerfield and Groucho Marx and wax figurines of Whoopi Goldberg and Eddie Murphy.
Grand opening criticism.
On September 20, 2008, the Laugh Factory of Long Beach celebrated its opening night with a promise of an All Star Comic Line-up that included Dane Cook, Brad Garrett, Jamie Kennedy, Jon Lovitz, Bob Saget and Paul Rodriguez. Guests were able to purchase tickets ranging from $75 to $125 with the proceeds benefiting United Jewish Federation. 
Unfortunately four out of the six comics that were scheduled to appear canceled at the last minute.
It is said that it being Emmy weekend many last minute conflicts arose. Jamie Kennedy had an car accident on the 405 freeway on the way to the show 
Jon Lovitz and Paul Rodriguez were the only promised acts that appeared. Fortunately Last Comic Standing's Alonzo Bodden and Comedy Radio hosts Frazer Smith and Jeremy Hotz were able to stop by and make special guest appearances.
Jamie Masada apologized for all the mishaps that occurred during Long Beach's soft opening and hopes to make it up to the grand opening night attendees that were dissatisfied.

</doc>
<doc id="19452191" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19452191" title="Carnival of Souls (The Wishing Tree album)">
Carnival of Souls (The Wishing Tree album)

Carnival of Souls is the title of the first album by The Wishing Tree, a project by Marillion's guitarist Steve Rothery and singer Hannah Stobart. It was originally released in 1996 on Steve Rothery's short-lived label Dorian Music and was re-released in 2001 on Marillion's label Racket Records. The new version includes some bonus material, two live videos and two demos of previously unreleased songs. 
The music was mostly written by Rothery; although Stobart gets writing co-credits on each track, her input is described as "additional vocal melodies" in the liner notes. Except for one track, all lyrics were written by John Helmer, who regularly contributed lyrics for Marillion after the departure of Fish. Marillion's second singer Steve Hogarth is credited with "additional vocal melodies" on one track, "Nightwater". This is because the song had originally been rehearsed for "Seasons End" (1989), but was eventually rejected. Apart from Rothery and Stobart, the lineup includes Marillion's Pete Trewavas on bass guitar, Enchant's drummer Paul Craddick (also on keyboards on some tracks) and Rothery's wife Jo (backing vocals on two tracks). Produced by Rothery, the album was recorded and mixed with the help of Stewart Every and Mike Hunter, both longtime engineers with Marillion.

</doc>
<doc id="19452192" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19452192" title="Wood trim">
Wood trim

Wood trim, alternatively known as wood fascia, is a fascia made of synthetic or varnished, natural wood, usually found on dashboards of luxury cars. First used in the '80s by Mercedes-Benz, they spread and soon other manufacturers were using them. Wood trim can be made from natural materials like beechwood, maple, walnut, oak, or from synthetic materials.

</doc>
<doc id="19452198" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19452198" title="Peter Cormack (footballer born 1974)">
Peter Cormack (footballer born 1974)

Peter Cormack (born 8 June 1974 in Liverpool) is an English-born Scottish former professional footballer who played as a defender. His father is former Liverpool player Peter Cormack senior.
Life and playing career.
Cormack was born in Liverpool during his father's time with the Merseyside club. Following his father's return to Scotland, Cormack jr. started his career at the start of the 1990s with Edinburgh club Meadowbank Thistle, making two league appearances. He signed for Newcastle United but failed to make a first-team appearance and returned to Scotland in 1994 with Greenock Morton. Cormack was part of the Scottish Second Division-winning side in his first season, and he went on to make over seventy league appearances before loan spells at Raith Rovers and Stirling Albion at the end of his Morton career in 1999. After signing for Clydebank on a short-term deal at the start of 1999-00, he left to join Ross County, where he spent the second part of the season. Two-year spells with Stenhousemuir and Albion Rovers followed before a year out of the senior game with Bo'ness United. Cormack returned to senior football in 2005 with Arbroath on a short-term deal, which proved to be his last club.
He now works as a financial adviser in Edinburgh and on a part-time basis for the Press Association.

</doc>
<doc id="19452216" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19452216" title="Messenger Premier League">
Messenger Premier League

The Messenger Premier League (MPL) is a professional table tennis competition in Australia.
The league comprises 16 teams which play against each other in 22 rounds between late March and late August. This is followed by a four-week finals series in September which culminates in two teams playing off for the Premiership in the MPL Grand Final.
Minor round matches consist of one set, first to 21 points. In the finals and MPL Grand Final, matches consist of three sets, first to 21 points. All matches are played at Messenger Park.
MPL Grand Final week, traditionally the last week in September, kicks-off with the presentation of the Walls Medal for the best and fairest player on the Monday night. MPL Grand Final Day traditionally starts with the Farmers Grand Final Breakfast. The MPL Grand Final is then played at noon on the last Friday in September.
History.
The MPL was established in 1951 by four founding clubs - the Hawks, Speed, Hornets and Pelicans. From humble beginnings, the league grew to eight clubs by the 1960s and 12 by 1970. The 1970s and 1980s were dominated by two clubs, the Frost and the Jazz. The fierce rivalry culminated in the 1986 MPL Grand Final, commonly referred to as "The Bloodbath of '86". The league hit financial difficulties in the late 1980s, with several clubs declaring bankruptcy. But after extensive financial restructuring, the league started to recover and expand during the 1990s. The 2000s (decade) has become a golden era for the MPL, with 16 clubs and crowds regularly topping 30,000 and public interest and media coverage at record levels.
2008.
At the end of the 2008 minor round, the Hawks topped the ladder after going through the entire season undefeated. The Speed, Field Mice and Swans rounded out the top four. The Falcons narrowly missed a top-four spot in fifth, followed by the Power, Demons and Hornets. The Pelicans finished last to claim the wooden spoon. The Hornets and Demons were eliminated in the first week of the finals. In the semi-finals, the Field Mice defeated the Power and the Falcons upset the highly-fancied Swans. In the Preliminary Finals, the Speed beat the Falcons in a classic contest 25-23, 17-21, 21-18. The Hawks easily accounted for the Field Mice in straight sets in the other Preliminary Final. This set up a Grand Final showdown between the Hawks and the Speed on September 26. The Hawks defeated the Speed, two sets to one, in front of 160,000 people to complete the first undefeated season in MPL History.
2009.
The Hawks lost their first match in more than a season to bitter rivals the Falcons and also lost a minor round match to the Demons. This triggered rumours the Hawks had over indulged during the off-season. The Bunnies emerged as a new power club and finished the minor round in the top four. The Speed pulled out of the competition due to injury. The Pelicans again failed to win a match despite optimism from the fans it would win its round 13 match against the Knight Riders. The League welcomed several new clubs including the Sergeants, Tapirs and Knight Riders. C-Gas United (Formerly the Clowns) went on a dream run during the finals, including an upset semifinal win over the Field Mice in the semi finals. C-GAS fell to the Hawks in the preliminary final. The Hawks therefore progressed to the grand final. On the other side of the draw the Bunnies steamrolled through to the decider after comfortable wins over the Sawns and Demons. The Demons later accused the Bunnies of having an unfair advantage due to superior training facilities. This set up a Hawks-Bunnies grand final. The Bunnies, using their power game, won the first set but the Hawks fought back to win a tight second set, and also a tight deciding set, to claim back-to-back flags. It was the first time a club had gone back-to-back since the Frost in 1987-88. More than 200,000 fans attended the 2009 grand final.
2010.
The League's attempt to start an S-League (division two) proved a failure. Dwindling attendances and cost blow-outs forced the abandonment of the this competition mid-season. The MPL season had to be shortened due to a pay dispute but still proved to be exciting. Clubs only played 13 rounds. The Celtics entered the League and became a force, going all the way to the grand final after beating the Bunnies in a spiteful prelim final. On the other side of the draw, the Hawks again progressed to the grand final. A record 250,000 fans attended the grand final but it proved a fizzer. After consecutive three-set thrillers in 2008 and 09, the 2010 grand final was one-sided, with the Hawks winning in straight sets and never being seriously challenged. The win meant the Hawks became the first club to win three straight grand finals since WWII.
2011.
At the end of the 2010 season four clubs - the Tapirs, Bunnies, Hawks and Sergeants - broke away from the rest of the League and formed the Davis Cup League (DCL) after their demands for a better pay deal were resumed.
The Hawks have since committed to returning to the MPL in 2011 after having their request for the tennancy rights at the soon-to-be-redeveloped Adelaide Oval approved by the League.
The Tapirs, Sergeants and Bunnies are yet to commit to either League.
Premiers.
2008 - Hawks
2009 - Hawks
2010 - Hawks
2011 - Lock out season

</doc>
<doc id="19452220" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19452220" title="Qadeeruddin Ahmed">
Qadeeruddin Ahmed

Honourable Justice (retd) Qadeeruddin Ahmed () was a Pakistani jurist, constitutional expert, former Chief Justice of West Pakistan High Court, former Chief Justice of Sindh High Court, former Judge of the Supreme Court of Pakistan and former Governor of Sindh province. He was born in 1908 in Delhi, India and died on 23 March 1995. He left behind a widow, two sons and five daughters.
Justice Qadeeruddin remained the Chief Justice of the West Pakistan High Court until the end of the one unit. Subsequently, he became the Chief Justice of Sindh High Court and remained in that position until his retirement in 1971. He also served as a judge of the Supreme Court of Pakistan for some time.
A number of famous cases were decided during his tenure as the Chief Justice of West Pakistan and Sindh High Courts. 
Justice Qadeeruddin acquired his college education from St. Stephen’s College, Delhi.
Justice Qadeeruddin also spent a few years in Hyderabad Deccan prior to the creation of Pakistan. A number of his family members were settled in Hyderabad State although the family hailed from UP.
He served as the Governor of Sindh in 1988/89. 
He also wrote many papers and books on important national issues. One of the key issues on which he wrote was the concept of “riba” (usury) according to the Qur'anic dictates. His views on the subject were disputed by a number of scholars.
Publications.
Some of the publications of Justice Qadeeruddin Ahmed are as follows:

</doc>
<doc id="19452251" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19452251" title="Annalie Longo">
Annalie Longo

Annalie Antonia Longo (born 1 July 1991) is a female association football player who represented New Zealand at international level.
She is a student at Auckland's Epsom Girls' Grammar School and played for Sydney FC in the Australian W-League.
Career.
Longo made her full Football Ferns debut in a 0-3 loss to China PR on 14 November 2006, becoming New Zealand's youngest senior football international, and represented New Zealand at the 2007 FIFA Women's World Cup finals in China, where they lost to Brazil 0-5, Denmark (0-2) and China PR (0-2). Longo is the second youngest player to represent any country at a senior FIFA World Cup.
Longo also represented New Zealand at the 2006 Women's U-20 World Cup finals where she played in all three games.
She scored New Zealand's first goal at the 2008 inaugural FIFA U-17 Women's World Cup although they were effectively eliminated from contention in the 1-2 loss to Denmark, having previously lost 0-1 to Canada in the opening game.
Longo was again included in the U-20 squad for the 2008 Women's U-20 World Cup finals to be played in Chile, featuring in 2 of their three group games. In 2010 she represented New Zealand at a third Under-20 World Cup, this time in Germany, appearing in all three group games.

</doc>
<doc id="19452280" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19452280" title="Great Yarmouth Pleasure Beach">
Great Yarmouth Pleasure Beach

Great Yarmouth Pleasure Beach is a historic free entry pleasure park located in the seaside resort town of Great Yarmouth, Norfolk, on the English east coast. The park first opened in 1909 and has been operating ever since.
The largest and most popular ride at the park is the Roller Coaster which was built there in 1932. There are also around thirty other large rides at the park, as well as children's entertainment, amusement arcades, catering facilities, sweet shops and ice cream parlours.
The Pleasure Beach maintains its position in the UK's top ten free entry amusement parks by regularly adding new attractions and rides.
History.
Early days.
The first amusement ride to be built in Great Yarmouth arrived in 1887. It was a classic American LaMarcus Thompson Switchback Railway and was erected on the sands adjacent to Euston Road. The ride was so successful that the operators received the entire annual ground rent on the August Bank Holiday weekend of 1887. This ride was dismantled toward the end of the nineteenth century and relocated to Honley Pleasure Beach in Huddersfield.
In 1909 Charles B. Cochran persuaded the local council to lease him an area of sand dunes so that he could develop an amusement site. The council agreed to this, and leased him an area of sand dunes on the south denes beach of just 600 feet long and 120 feet wide. The entire rent for the year was £650.
The first ride constructed there was a scenic railway designed by William Napier. This ride was typical of scenic railways in that it was largely clad in plaster styled as mountainous terrain. The ride featured two lift hill sections. The only other ride constructed at the site was a haunted attraction called the Katzen Jammer Castle. The River Caves were added the following year. And in 1911, the Katzen Jammer Castle was replaced by the Joy Wheel. The park kept operating at this modest level until the outbreak of World War I.
When the park opened again in April 1919, a fire destroyed the scenic railway; leaving the park without a major attraction. The scenic was quickly rebuilt though by its operators and the ride was re-opened in August of the same year. During the 20s the park was steadily expanded and in 1925 a huge water-chute by Messrs. Morgan & Company was erected at the site. This water-chute was at the park until 1928 when it was dismantled. Also in 1928, the scenic railway came to the end of its lease and was removed. It was purchased by Aberdeen Beach Amusement Park and re-sited there in 1929. Other rides of the 20s included a Creasta Run (a slide ride), Jack and Jill (a toboggan-style slide ride) and Noah's Ark.
In 1928 the famous Pat Collins, of the historic British fairground family, took control of the park after his offer to the local council of £3,500 per-year for the site was accepted. He and son John Collins' first acquisition for the park was a replacement for the Napier Scenic Railway. This took the form of a Figure 8 roller coaster which was present at the Pleasure Beach from 1929 to 1931.
The Scenic Railway.
In 1929 Pat Collins attended the Paris Colonial Exposition, where the largest attraction was the Scenic Railway. It had been designed by German Herr Erich Heidrich of Hamburg especially for the Exposition, and was operated by showman Hugo Hans. At the close of the Exposition, Pat Collins bought the ride and had the components shipped to England. They arrived in February 1932 and a team of German workmen began constructing the ride on the sands of the Pleasure Beach site. The ride opened to visitors in April 1932.
Like other scenic railways of the time, the Scenic was clad in mountainous-styled plaster which hung from the sides of the wooden structure. Other scenic features like castles were constructed around parts of the ride. The ride came with five trains. Each of which had three cars with five bench seats per car. These cars were made entirely of wood, and each train had a 'brakeman' riding aboard to control the speed of the train. New trains were built in the early 1960s and these are still in operation today. A brakeman still rides the train as there are no brakes on the track.
The ride was completely re-clad in the late 1960s with steel sheet replacing the old plaster. The ride was painted in a mountainous landscape with rolling hills and valleys.
The ride continues to be the most popular attraction at the Pleasure Beach, with its popularity largely due to its uniqueness. It is the only operational scenic railway roller coaster in the UK, and one of only less than ten roller coasters in the world to feature a brakeman travelling on the train. The continued dedicated maintenance work by the Pleasure Beach has ensured that the ride remains in good condition, with work carried out every winter to renew timber. Re-cladding has taken place again since 2002, and the ride celebrated its 75th anniversary in 2007.
Roller Coaster has been voted an ACE Coaster Classic.
The Botton Brothers Era.
Pat Collins' lease of the site ran out in 1952 and was renewed by his son John Collins. However due to John Collins' commitments to Battersea Fun Fair the operation of the park was taken over by the Botton Brothers in 1954.
Brothers Albert and Jim Botton had had an amusement park upbringing thanks to their father's company J. Botton & Sons. They had operated travelling fairs and static rides around the south-east of England since 1923. The Botton Bros started to improve the Pleasure Beach immediately and new rides and attractions were added annually.
Some of the rides that were at the Pleasure Beach during this time included Dodgems, Go-Kart Track, SDC Showboat, Cakewalk, Skywheel, Lakin Swirl, Superloop, Rock-O-Plane and the massive Water Chute. Also, in 1982 the structure that now sits inside the Roller Coaster was built as a walk-through attraction.
Albert Botton died in 1975 and the park was passed on to Jimmy Jones who had married Albert and Lottie's daughter Jane Botton. Jimmy Jones was Managing Director throughout the rest of the 1970s and 1980s.
In 1982, the pop group Madness recorded much of the video for their song "House of Fun" at the amusement park.
Current operation and future.
In 1992 the Botton Brothers' companies were amalgamated into one company called Pleasure & Leisure Corporation PLC and the lease of the Pleasure Beach site was purchased at the end of 1993. At this time, Jimmy Jones ceded the role of Managing Director of the site to his son Albert Jones.
The Pleasure Beach has continued to expand, adding the Pleasure Beach Gardens in 1996. The Gardens are advertised as a place to relax away from the noise and excitement of the main park. The Gardens include Sara's Tearooms, a themed miniature golf course, Refreshment Kiosk and the world's first Segway Race Track.
The Pleasure Beach now has around thirty large rides with newer ones coming to the park every other year or so. The selection is varied; from children's rides and attractions to teenage and adult thrill rides. Some of these have been at the park for decades and form part of its heritage, the most obvious being the Scenic Railway, but also the Carousel (1954), and the Snails & Fairytails (1966). These are complemented by thrill rides like Evolution and Sky Drop. In 2008 the Pleasure Beach became one of only a handful of parks in the UK to have a large ferris wheel, called The Yarmouth Wheel. This was a semi-permanent ride, first erected in April 2008 for that season and again in April 2009 for that season.
Pleasure & Leisure Corporation PLC, trading as Pleasure & Leisure Property Corporation PLC were one of two applicants to reach the final stage in bidding for the large casino licence which was granted to Great Yarmouth Borough Council in 2007. Pleasure & Leisure Corporation's proposal bid of a complex called 'The Edge', which will comprise a cinema, bowling alley and hotel as well as the casino itself, was accepted Great Yarmouth Borough Council on 27 April 2012. They plan to build an entertainment complex on land already owned by PLPC directly adjacent to the south of the current Pleasure Beach site
Current large rides and attractions.
For the 2013 season, the main rides and attractions at the Pleasure Beach are:
There are also On-Ride photo kiosks for the Scenic Railway, Log Flume and Snails rides.

</doc>
<doc id="19452301" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19452301" title="Yusuf İsmail">
Yusuf İsmail

Yusuf Ismail (1857 – July 4, 1898), also widely known as Youssouf Ishmaelo, was a Turkish professional wrestler who competed in Europe and the United States as Yusuf Ismail the Terrible Turk during the 1890s. During his lifetime, his native Turks knew him as "Şumnulu Yusuf Pehlivan." However, writer Rıza Tevfik posthumously awarded him the honorific "Koca" ("great"), and thus he was later remembered as "Koca Yusuf".
Widely known for his massive size and brute strength, he was recognized as one of the top three strongmen in the world by Alan Calvert, pioneer of American weight training, and photographer Edmond Desbonnet during the turn of the century. Prior to his arrival in the United States, he remained undefeated in his near four-year career and successfully challenged Evan "Strangler" Lewis for the American Heavyweight Championship in 1898. Yusuf Ismail was the original wrestler to be known as "the Terrible Turk", but several others, including Kızılcıklı Mahmut (promoted as his son) and Armenian-American Robert Manoogian, also used the name throughout the first half of the 20th century.
Biography.
Early career and the "Turkish Invasion".
Little is known of his early life prior to his first wrestling appearance in 1894, however, according to Scottish wrestling historian William Baxter, Yusuf Ismail was born Youssuf Ishmaelo in Bulgaria (then part of the Ottoman Empire) in 1857. In "A Pictorial History of Wrestling", the English wrestling writer Graeme Kent incorrectly wrote that Yusuf Ismail was not Turkish, but French. Ismail first came to prominence when he won the Kırkpınar Tournament in 1887. Edmond Desbonnet claimed in his book "Les Rois de la Lutte" (1910) that the Turkish invasion began in 1894 after a wrestler named Joseph Doublier was defeated by a rival, Sabès. In search of someone who could defeat Sabès, Doublier visited Turkey and brought back three wrestlers: Kara Osman, Nurullah
Hasan, and the 6’2", 250-pound Yusuf Ismail. Doublier had also brought Katrancı Mehmet Pehlivan and Kurtdereli Mehmet Pehlivan to Paris a while before. In his Paris debut, Ismail defeated Sabès in four seconds. Sabès had attempted to use a front belt hold, but Ismail withstood the hold and pinned him using a chokehold.
Ismail spent the next three years in France, where he dominated opponents. A colorful figure, he was also known for his fierce pride. When rivals Antonio Pierri and Tom Cannon threatened to bring in a wrestler to defeat him, Ismail reportedly said he would cut his own throat if he was ever beaten. His match against another fellow Turk, Ibrahim Mahmut, was said to be one of the """most brutal bouts ever seen on the mat""" at the Cirque d'Hiver in Paris. Ismail became so enraged during the match that he tore at Mahmut's nostrils, broke his ribs, and twisted his arms. Although referee Tom Cannon had attempted to stop the match, only the intervention of a police inspector and six officers along with several spectators were able to separate the two. Kara Osman had been originally scheduled to face Ismail but had fallen ill, and Mahmut had taken his place. According to a rumor heard by French promoter Joseph Doublier, Osman had actually withdrawn from the match because he feared for his life because of an unspecified grudge between Ismail and himself.
Tour of the United States.
He continued to be managed by Doublier until 1898, when Antonio Pierri took him to New York. Taken on by promoter William A. Brady, the two appeared at the London Theatre in New York, offering $100 to anyone who could stay in the ring with him for 15 minutes. George Bothner, a well known lightweight wrestler, was the only one to accept the challenge. Although outweighed by Ismail by at least 100 pounds, Bothner claimed that "there wasn't a man alive who could pin him on his back in 15 minutes" and accused Ismail of being an impostor "like so many other so-called terrors". Despite his bravado, Bothner was defeated by Ismail several days later and suffered a neck injury during the match. He described their encounter years later to Nat Fleischer in his book "From Milo to Londos" (1937):
He was undefeated prior to his arrival in New York until his disqualification in a match against World Greco-Roman Heavyweight Champion Ernest Roeber at Madison Square Garden on March 26, 1898. Ismail, who may have intentionally fouled himself, caused the crowd to riot when he pushed Roeber out of the ring, a raised platform, and caused him to fall headfirst onto the ground five feet below. Roeber was unconscious for several minutes, and many in the crowd believed he had been killed, causing spectators to charge into the ring. Only a small police guard under Chief of Police John H. McCullagh were able to block the crowd from entering.
Roeber was revived after a few minutes and examined by physicians for injuries. Having landed on his shoulder, it was announced that he had suffered a back injury and it was decided that he would not be able to continue. Referee Hugh Leonard awarded the match to Roeber and, with calls to "Kill the Turk" and threats of lynching from those in attendance, Ismail was escorted by police to his dressing room. Ismail's manager, William Brady, offered to stage an exhibition bout between Ismail and Tom Cannon, but McCullagh refused to allow the event to continue due to concerns of rioting. The match was described in the 1907 novel "The Substitute: A Football Story" by sports writer Walter Camp.
A rematch between Ismail and Roeber was held at the Metropolitan Opera House on April 30. During the bout, the two began a shoving match, which caused their managers, William Brady and Martin Julian, to enter the ring. Brady and Julian, who also managed rival heavyweight boxing champions Jim Corbett and Bob Fitzsimmons, began arguing over the management of their respective men. When Fitzsimmons attempted to intervene, several fans stormed the ring and referee Herman Wolff declared the match a no-contest before the event could once again end in a near-riot. Opera House management closed the venue to wrestling events soon after.
Months later, Ismail defeated Evan "Strangler" Lewis for the American Heavyweight Championship in Chicago, Illinois. Lewis was neither able to overcome Ismail's massive size and strength nor manage to use his sleeper hold during the match. Ismail had the $5,000 prize money converted to gold and carried it in a money belt along with the title.
Death.
Shortly after his victory over Lewis, Ismail took the first ship back to Europe, where he reportedly planned to open a coffee or bazaar in his native village near Shumen. It was on the ill-fated "SS La Bourgogne" that he was one of the 600 passengers who drowned when the ship sank on the morning of July 4, 1898. According to colorful accounts from the New York press, Ismail fell overboard while passengers were being evacuated to the lifeboats. Dragged underwater by the weight of his money belt, supposedly containing between $8,000 and $10,000 in gold coins, he drowned before the crew could get to him. Other journalists and surviving passengers claim to have seen "the Terrible Turk" throw women and children overboard trying to reach the lifeboats; however no mention of this was included in the official report and is generally assumed to have originated by Ismail's manager and promoter William Brady, who went on to become a successful Broadway producer.

</doc>
<doc id="19452304" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19452304" title="Lorrha">
Lorrha

Lorrha (from ) is a small village at the northern tip of North Tipperary, Ireland. It is located on a local minor road between the R489 Birr to Portumna road and the N65 Nenagh to Portumna road about five kilometres east of the point where the River Shannon enters Lough Derg. It is a townland and a civil parish in the historical barony of Ormond Lower. The civil parish borders Portumna in County Galway and Birr in County Offaly. Lorrha is also an Ecclesiastical parish in the Roman Catholic Diocese of Killaloe. The proposed new Dáil constituency of Offaly will incorporate twenty four electoral divisions from Tipperary North including Lorrha East and Lorrha West.
History.
In 843 an expedition by Turgesius raided Lorrha and neighbouring Terryglass. Close to an historic crossing point of the River Shannon, the area has a long history of bridges and ferry crossings. The present Portumna bridge dates from 1911 (opening section replaced October 2008 )
Ecclesiastic ruins.
Lorrha has a rich ecclesiastical history evidenced by the ruins within the village. Beside the Roman Catholic Church (c. 1912), at the south of the village are the remains of a Dominican Friary founded in the 13th century by Walter de Burgh, Earl of Ulster. To the east of the village stands the Church of Ireland on the site of St. Ruadhan's church which was built c. 1000 AD and was itself built on the site of St. Ruadhan's Abbey, founded in the 6th century. Remains of two 8th-century high crosses stand in the churchyard. The Augustinian Abbey founded in the 12th century by the Order of Canons Regular stands nearby. The carved head over the door is thought to represent the wife of Walter De Burgh. Water for the monastic settlement was supplied from St. Ruadhan's well located south of the road that passes the present Church of Ireland cemetery. 
The Lorrha Missal, a translation of the Latin and Gaelic Missal was transcribed at Lorrha in the 9th century. It is now commonly known as the Stowe Missal.
Annalstic references.
See Annals of Inisfallen

</doc>
<doc id="19452308" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19452308" title="GWR 0-4-0ST">
GWR 0-4-0ST

The GWR 0-4-0ST steam locomotives were acquired by the Great Western Railway at the 1923 grouping. They came from small railways (mostly in South Wales) and from contractors. Some of them survived into British Railways ownership in 1948 and a few are preserved.
Replicas.
Andrew Barclay no.1964 (an industrial locomotive built in 1929) has been painted to resemble GWR 701 and operates on the Chasewater Railway.
In fiction.
The character Percy the Small Engine from The Railway Series takes some influences, particularly the water tank, from the 1340 0-4-0ST, but also from the larger 0-6-0ST 1361 class.

</doc>
<doc id="19452309" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19452309" title="Ashan Pillai">
Ashan Pillai

Ashan Diresh Pillai (born 1969 in Sri Lanka) is a British violist. He was educated as a music and academic scholar at Merchant Taylors School, London and then at the Royal Academy of Music, London, the University of Southern California, Los Angeles and the Juilliard School, New York City. His principal teachers were John White, Donald McInnes and Karen Tuttle. 
Between 1994 and 1998 he won several prizes at international and national competitions including the Tertis and Rome International Competitions, the Royal Overseas League and Park Lane Group Competitions in London and Artists International in New York. These successes led to acclaimed debuts in London's Wigmore Hall and Purcell Room (1997–1999), New York's Carnegie Hall and festivals throughout the world including Salzburg, Tanglewood, Banff, Ravinia, Aspen, Pau Casals (Puerto Rico, France and Barcelona), and Schleswig-Holstein. 
Pillai has performed as soloist under the batons of Christian Zacharias, Christopher Hogwood, Robert King, Lawrence Foster, with the English, Gulbenkian, Czech, Andorran and Scottish Chamber Orchestras, as well as I Musici, London and New York, and collaborated with the likes of Lynn Harrell, Zacarias, the Kreutzer and Brodsky Quartets, and the Ensemble Modern, Frankfurt.
He was assistant principal violist in the English Chamber Orchestra (1995–2000), co-founding member of the Mobius Ensemble (London 1997–2006) and is currently principal viola in the Barcelona Symphony Orchestra (from 2000), violist with the Zukerman Chamber Players and the string quintet led by Pinchas Zukerman. Pillai is Professor of Viola at ESMUC (Escola Superior de Música de Catalunya) (from 2001) and the Conservatori Superior del Liceu in Barcelona (from 2009).
As a recording artist, Pillai has recorded widely for EMI, Naxos, ASV, Altara, Meridian, Bel, Columna and Oehms Classics including sonatas by Bax, Debussy, Lluís Benejam, and Schubert and concerti by Hoffmeister and Mozart.

</doc>
<doc id="19452312" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19452312" title="More Hangzhou">
More Hangzhou

MORE Hangzhou is the first magazine to be published by Hangzhou Passion Advertising Company Limited, (杭州派迅广告有限公司) a publishing and advertising company based in Hangzhou City, Zhejiang Province, People’s Republic of China. Hangzhou Passion Advertising Company Limited has expanded and currently owns three monthly print magazines and three websites. The first magazine, entitled MORE Hangzhou, first published in December 2004, had a print run of 5,000 copies and whose main content was Hangzhou city entertainment listings and editorial articles about Hangzhou. MORE Suzhou was first published in September 2007 and MORE Chengdu in January 2008. 
All three magazines are mainly English language distributed for free in public locations in and around the cities. Since local expatriates and English speaking business and leisure travelers are the main target audience, distribution points are usually hotels, bars, restaurants, hospitals and other venues frequented by travelers. There is also a not-for-free subscription service for readers unable to get to distribution points.
The MORE Hangzhou Magazine is published under number CN 46-1042/F
MORE maintains three websites, one for each of the cities with a print magazine. The first website, for Hangzhou, went live in summer 2006. The websites include mostly feature articles, up-to-date event listings and an expanded venue listings. Each listing provides a forum for users to provide their own feedback on events and venues.
The operation of the company is funded by advertising sales. Due to the complexities of learning to communicate in Chinese for non-Chinese speakers, the magazines and websites have been a useful tool for companies otherwise unable to reach non-Chinese speakers using usual advertising channels in China.

</doc>
<doc id="19452316" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19452316" title="Strathaven RFC">
Strathaven RFC

Strathaven RFC are a rugby union team from the south Lanarkshire town of Strathaven. Founded in 1984 Strathaven RFC play at Whiteshawgate Park off Hamilton Road.
For the 2013/2014 Season Strathaven 1st XV will play in the RBS West Regional League Division 2.
Strathaven RFC has a large youth section with teams starting from P1-3 to U16 level in the current season. Strathaven also run one senior men's squad.

</doc>
<doc id="19452319" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19452319" title="List of Midrashot">
List of Midrashot

List of Midrasha and seminary programs :

</doc>
<doc id="19452322" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19452322" title="Liam Kelly (footballer born 1975)">
Liam Kelly (footballer born 1975)

Liam Kelly (born 21 September 1975 in Dublin) is a former Irish football player who played as a striker.
He began his career at Home Farm F.C. in 1993 making his League of Ireland debut on the 19th of September. After five years at Whitehall Kelly moved to Shelbourne F.C. in 1998. 
Kelly moved to St Patrick's Athletic in December 1999.
He signed for Shamrock Rovers F.C. in March 2003 and made his debut in the first game of the season.
He scored his only goal in his second appearance.
Kelly made 18 total appearances in his two seasons in the Hoops including 1 appearance in the UEFA Intertoto Cup.
Before transferring to Longford soon after.
His brother Garrett played for Rovers in the mid-1990s. 
Kelly managed the PFAI team that took part in the FIFPro Scandinavian Tournament in Oslo, Norway on Friday 14 January 2011 [http://www.fai.ie/index.php?option=com_content&view=article&id=101430:liam-kelly-to-manage-pfai-team&catid=19:airtricity-league&Itemid=316].

</doc>
<doc id="19452326" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19452326" title="Urgent Action Fund-Africa">
Urgent Action Fund-Africa

Urgent Action Fund-Africa (UAF-Africa) is a Pan-African non-profit organization (NPO) focused on women and founded in Nairobi in 2001. UAF-Africa is the sister organization of the global NPO Urgent Action Fund.
Organization.
UAF-Africa structures itself organizationally into three programs: grant making, collaborative initiatives and communications.
Grants.
UAF-Africa grants rapid response funding up to $5,000 to initiatives across the continent which protect women's human rights. Several representative grant recipients include: enabling women to take part in national truth and reconciliation processes, relocating women's human rights activists whose lives were in danger because of their activism, sensitizing parliamentarians on an upcoming referendum's ramifications on women's human rights, and empowering women to protect their own rights in conflict situations.
Collaborative initiatives.
In addition to making grants, UAF-Africa's Collaborative Initiatives Programme aims to strengthen its grantees so they become better able to sustain their activism. Collaborative Initiatives was created when the organization established that some of goals were best approached by means outside of making grants.
Communication.
The Communications Program is the newest of the three and helps create a platform for women’s rights issues as well as the organization’s message in order to reach diverse audiences.
Publications.
UAF-Africa has also produced a number literary, academic, and organizational of publications, including:
Founding and leadership.
UAF-Africa was founded by Betty Kaari Murungi, a lawyer specialising in the areas of women's human rights, gender, and constitutionalism and governance. In addition to serving as UAF-Africa's director, she has been the legal advisor to the Women's Human Rights Program at Rights and Democracy in Montreal, Canada. Ms. Murungi has fought to ensure that the International Criminal Court and the United Nations International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda include a gender perspective in their work. In 2003, Ms. Murungi received The Moran of the Order of the Burning Spear from Kenyan President Mwai Kibaki for her achievements.
Donors.
In no particular order UAF-Africa's institutional donors include: 

</doc>
<doc id="19452329" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19452329" title="Mark McCormack (footballer)">
Mark McCormack (footballer)

Mark McCormack (born 30 December 1972 in Dublin) is a former Irish football player.
He joined Shamrock Rovers from Stella Maris in 1993 and made his debut on the 3rd of April 1994 as Rovers sealed their 15th League Championship [http://www.irishtimes.com/newspaper/archive/1994/0404/Pg022.html#Ar02202:0722C819E35511B4641574810F35371295510A261B0D86350D964B1106650A972E0DF7480948F50CA90E1EC42524144216C48F1A24A923950026F51917D5921B35AC23B66427267E1C37B91F97D32117DB2487F423C84C2728661C78841FB8955E86C261F6DC6226C26256DC0BD46411348116E4251E344217C8841C2895].
He made 1 appearance for the Hoops in the UEFA Cup in 1994.
Currently he is Under 12B and Nursery Coach for Corduff F.C. His first cousin is Mick Lawlor (footballer).

</doc>
<doc id="19452330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19452330" title="Academic Technology Approval Scheme">
Academic Technology Approval Scheme

The Academic Technology Approval Scheme (ATAS) is a scheme of the British government for certifying foreign students from outside the EU for entry into the United Kingdom to study or conduct research in certain technology-related fields. For these students, obtaining an ATAS certificate is a prerequisite for obtaining a visa. The ATAS was introduced on 1 November 2007 to prevent dissemination outside the UK of knowledge and skills that can be used to build and deliver weapons of mass destruction (WMD), by ensuring that applicants do not have links to WMD programmes.
Affected students undergo a screening system to validate their reasons for coming to the UK.
According to the Foreign and Commonwealth Office, the checks will attempt to filter out those students who intentions are adverse to national security. Areas of study at which the ATAS is directed are chemistry, engineering, physics, biophysics, metallurgy and microbiology.
In the earlier "Voluntary Vetting Scheme", some universities (such as Bristol University) were voluntarily reporting suspicious students from certain countries (including Iran and Egypt) to the government. With the introduction of ATAS, Cambridge University, which had refused to take part in the voluntary system, was required to cooperate with the authorities, too.

</doc>
<doc id="19452334" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19452334" title="Eoin Monaghan">
Eoin Monaghan

Eoin Monaghan (born in 1969 in Bray) is a former Irish football player.
He joined Shamrock Rovers F.C. in August 1985 from St Josephs Boys AFC making his league debut on the 12th of January 1986.
Monaghan was the last substitute to ever appear at Glenmalure Park.
He made a total of 21 appearances for the Hoops including one in the European Champion Clubs' Cup at Parkhead against Celtic F.C.. 
In August 1987 he received a full scholarship to Seton Hall University and is now a financial advisor based in New Jersey.

</doc>
<doc id="19452359" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19452359" title="Mount Pan">
Mount Pan

Mount Pan () is a mountain in Ji County, Tianjin Municipality, People's Republic of China. It is located from Tianjin and from Beijing. It has an area of 20 square kilometers and its highest peak is 858 meters above the sea level.

</doc>
<doc id="19452363" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19452363" title="Marlies Oostdam">
Marlies Oostdam

Marlies Oostdam (born 29 July 1977 in Haarlem, Netherlands) is a female football (soccer) player who represented New Zealand at international level. She emigrated from the Netherlands to New Zealand in 1985.
Oostdam made her full Football Ferns debut in a 0-3 loss to Australia on 24 March 1996, and represented New Zealand at the 2007 FIFA Women's World Cup finals in China, where they lost to Brazil 0-5, Denmark (0-2) and China (0-2).
Oostdam was also included in the New Zealand squad for the 2008 Summer Olympic games where they drew with Japan (2-2) before losing to Norway (0-1) and Brazil (0-4).
Oostdam formally played for Melbourne Victory in the Australian W-League.

</doc>
<doc id="19452368" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19452368" title="Panshan">
Panshan

Panshan may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19452369" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19452369" title="Functional flow block diagram">
Functional flow block diagram

A Functional Flow Block Diagram (FFBD) is a multi-tier, time-sequenced, step-by-step flow diagram of a system’s functional flow. 
The FFBD notation was developed in the 1950s, and is widely used in classical systems engineering. FFBDs are one of the classic business process modeling methodologies, along with flow charts, data flow diagrams, control flow diagrams, Gantt charts, PERT diagrams, and IDEF. 
FFBDs are also referred to as "Functional Flow Diagrams", "functional block diagrams", and "functional flows".
History.
The first structured method for documenting process flow, the flow process chart, was introduced by Frank Gilbreth to members of American Society of Mechanical Engineers (ASME) in 1921 as the presentation “Process Charts—First Steps in Finding the One Best Way”. Gilbreth's tools quickly found their way into industrial engineering curricula. In the early 1930s, an industrial engineer, Allan H. Mogensen began training business people in the use of some of the tools of industrial engineering at his Work Simplification Conferences in Lake Placid, New York. A 1944 graduate of Mogensen's class, Art Spinanger, took the tools back to Procter and Gamble where he developed their Deliberate Methods Change Program. Another 1944 graduate, Ben S. Graham, Director of Formcraft Engineering at Standard Register Industrial, adapted the flow process chart to information processing with his development of the multi-flow process chart to display multiple documents and their relationships. In 1947, ASME adopted a symbol set as the ASME Standard for Operation and Flow Process Charts, derived from Gilbreth's original work. 
The modern FFBD was developed by TRW Incorporated, a defense-related business, in the 1950s. In the 1960s it was exploited by NASA to visualize the time sequence of events in space systems and flight missions. FFBDs became widely used in classical systems engineering to show the order of execution of system functions.
Development of functional flow block diagrams.
FFBDs can be developed in a series of levels. FFBDs show the same tasks identified through functional decomposition and display them in their logical, sequential relationship. For example, the entire flight mission of a spacecraft can be defined in a top level FFBD, as shown in Figure 2. Each block in the first level diagram can then be expanded to a series of functions, as shown in the second level diagram for "perform mission operations." Note that the diagram shows both input (transfer to operational orbit) and output (transfer to space transportation system orbit), thus initiating the interface identification and control process. Each block in the second level diagram can be progressively developed into a series of functions, as shown in the third level diagram on Figure 2. 
These diagrams are used both to develop requirements and to identify profitable trade studies. For example, does the spacecraft antenna acquire the tracking and data relay satellite (TDRS) only when the payload data are to be transmitted, or does it track TDRS continually to allow for the reception of emergency commands or transmission of emergency data? The FFBD also incorporates alternate and contingency operations, which improve the probability of mission success. The flow diagram provides an understanding of total operation of the system, serves as a basis for development of operational and contingency procedures, and pinpoints areas where changes in operational procedures could simplify the overall system operation. In certain cases, alternate FFBDs may be used to represent various means of satisfying a particular function until data are acquired, which permits selection among the alternatives.
Building blocks.
Key attributes.
An overview of the key FFBD attributes: 
Function symbolism.
A function shall be represented by a rectangle containing the title of the function (an action verb followed by a noun phrase) and its unique decimal delimited number. A horizontal line shall separate this number and the title, as shown in see Figure 3 above. The figure also depicts how to represent a reference function, which provides context within a specific FFBD. See Figure 9 for an example regarding use of a reference function.
Directed lines.
A line with a single arrowhead shall depict functional flow from left to right, see Figure 4.
Logic Symbols.
The following basic logic symbols shall be used.
Contextual and Administrative Data.
Each FFBD shall contain the following contextual and administrative data:
Figure 8 and Figure 9 present the data in an FFBD. Figure 9 is a decomposition of the function F2 contained in Figure 8 and illustrates the context between functions at different levels of the model.

</doc>
<doc id="19452370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19452370" title="Shivaji Park Residential Zone">
Shivaji Park Residential Zone

The Shivaji Park Residential Zone refers to the cluster of residential buildings that flank the boundaries of Shivaji Park, the largest park in Mumbai, located in Dadar (W) - Prabhadevi in South-Central Mumbai within the Island City limits.
Most of the buildings in this residential locality were constructed in the early 1900s during British colonial rule in India, as a result of which many buildings here exhibit aspects of British architecture. One of the earliest buildings constructed as part of the Shivaji Park Residential Zone was "Udyam", the bungalow of Mr. Narayan Modak, famous for the Modak Sagar Dam. Located on Shivaji Park Rd. No. 3, the bungalow was constructed in 1857 and still stands in its colonial grandeur.
Shivaji Park is considered to be among the most upscale real estate clusters in Mumbai, and for long has been considered to be a desirable locality particularly among the Maharashtrian community, with numerous prominent Marathi personalities such as Madhav Manohar, Veer Savarkar,and Bal Thackeray having resided here. It is also home to the Kataria Colony, locally known as Sindhi colony, which houses Bhagnari people of Sindhi descent.
History.
The Dadar-Matunga-Wadala-Sion scheme of 1899-1900 was the first planned suburban scheme in Mumbai (formerly Bombay).
In those days, Bombay only referred to the Fort (Mumbai precinct)area around Colaba. Nana Chowk and Tardeo were in the centre and hence those area became known as Bombay Central. Shivaji Park then was a stretch of forested land called Mahim Woods, with the only significant landmark here being the Scottish Female Orphanage, which later went on to become the prestigious Bombay Scottish School.
The Bombay City Improvement Trust conceived the development to relieve congestion in the centre of the city following the Bombay plague epidemic of the 1890s. According to the survey plan, 60,000 people were to be housed at Dadar-Matunga and an equal number in Sion-Matunga. 85,000 people were to be accommodated in the developments in Sewri and Wadala.
The plans regulated construction with emphasis on proper sanitation. No building was to be more than three storeys high, and the buildings were to have open spaces between them. The land use was planned to be a mix of residential, commercial and institutional construction. Parks and gardens were planned, and the streets were well laid out.
Dadar was away from Crawford Market by the newly constructed Mohammedali Road. The tramways were extended to the new suburb. The Great Indian Peninsula Railway (GIP) constructed a bridge, now the Tilak Bridge, connecting the two suburban railways. In February 1925, the GIP opened their suburban line and started the work of electrifying the railways.
Among the institutions moved to Dadar according to the City Improvement Trust plan were Victoria Jubilee Technical Institute, now called Veermata Jijabai Technological Institute and King George School, now called the Indian Education Society's Raja Shivaji High School.
Hand-in-hand with the development of the northern suburbs in the 1930s there was a lot of activity in the Dadar-Matunga area. The Hindu colony, north of Tilak Bridge, expanded up to Amber's Marge (then Kingsway) and around the Khodadad Circle. These developments were completed by 1935. In 1937 Ramnarain Ruia College was founded and in 1939 the Ramniranjan Podar College (both run by SP Mandali), thus completing the transition of Dadar from a residential suburb into a variegated enclave.
By 1937 Shivaji Park and the surrounding areas including the Shivaji Park Residential Zone were developed. Shivaji Park was to become an important stage in the political drama which led up to India's independence, and later the political history of Bombay unfolded in the same park.
The famous Sindhi colony (Kataria Colony) in Shivaji Park was established when the Late Mukhi Shri Thakandas H Kataria purchased a plot of land at Cadell Road, Shivaji Park. Today, the society houses 150 Bhagnari families of Sindhi descent, and is one of the largest Sindhi colonies in Mumbai.
Post independence, numerous other political events such as the formation of Shiv Sena and other important political rallies have been held at or around Shivaji Park.
Shivaji Park is regarded as the cradle of Indian cricket, with its innumerable cricket academies like those of the late Anna Vaidya and Ramakant Acharekar which produced several international cricketers for India, including famous names like Sunil Gavaskar, Sachin Tendulkar, Ajit Agarkar, Pravin Amre, Sandeep Patil, Vinod Kambli and Sanjay Manjrekar.
Present day.
Today, the Shivaji Park Residential Zone has become a highly sought after upper middle class residential enclave with numerous pre-colonial buildings undergoing redevelopment to form multistoreyed towers ranging from seven storeys to 23 storeys.
Redeveloped buildings include Chanakya, Ashwamedh, Buildarch Tower, Atharva, Saket, Shivneri Heights, Royal Accord, Shree Apartments, Sankalp, and Matoshree Heights. The taller buildings offer an unhindered view of the Arabian Sea and Shivaji Park.
Numerous other buildings are in the process of being redeveloped. However, the controversial and constantly changing Floor Space Index regulations have hindered the redevelopment process significantly.
As such, the slowed redevelopment along with the ever-increasing demand for apartments in this locality have pushed up property prices to the range of Rs.35000 to Rs.40000 per square foot, because of which the average cost of a 800 sq. ft 2 bedroom apartment turns out to be around Rs. 3.2 crores or approximately US$600,000.
Attractions and amenities.
This popular neighborhood is home to many amenities, with proximity to educational institutions and recreational facilities.
Famous residents of Shivaji Park.
Swatantryaveer Savarkar (Freedom Fighter)
Acharya Prahlad Keshav Atre (Author, Politician, Filmmaker, Teacher, Journalist...)

</doc>
<doc id="19452372" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19452372" title="Cumberland Sheepdog">
Cumberland Sheepdog

The Cumberland sheepdog is an extinct dog breed related to the border collie and other old working collie types. It is claimed to be one of the ancestors of the Australian shepherd and in the early part of the 20th Century some Cumberland sheepdogs were being referred to as border collies and may have been absorbed into the latter breed. 
History.
Cumberland sheepdogs were described in "Dogs In Britain, A Description of All Native Breeds and Most Foreign Breeds in Britain" by Clifford LB Hubbard, 1948.
Conformation.
Hubbard described the breed as much like the Welsh sheepdog and old working collie types. It worked quietly, quickly and low-to-ground. The head was rather broad and flat, tapering to a medium-length muzzle. The ears fell over to the front or were semi-erect and rather small. The body was fairly long and extremely lithe, with light but muscular legs and a low-set tail carried at the trail. The coat was fairly heavy and quite dense. Cumberland sheepdogs were black with white blaze, chest, feet and tip of tail. Height was about 20 inches and weight ranged from 40-50 pounds.

</doc>
<doc id="19452377" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19452377" title="Clyde Waterfront Regeneration">
Clyde Waterfront Regeneration

Clyde Waterfront is a 20 km stretch of the River Clyde, Scotland, running east-west from Glasgow Green in the heart of Glasgow, to Dumbarton on the Firth of Clyde. With over 200 projects on both sides of the Clyde, this is one of Britain's largest urban renewal projects. Throughout the Clyde Waterfront area, projects are in place to transform business, housing, tourism and the infrastructure of the area. The total anticipated investment in Clyde Waterfront from public and private money is now estimated at £5-6 billion.
As well as supporting inward investment and tourism, the aim of the regeneration of the Clyde is to benefit local communities. It is intended that local people will benefit from the improvements to transport and leisure facilities, shops and businesses, and from new jobs coming into the area. An estimated 50,000 new jobs will be created as businesses relocate in the area and more housing is built. Re-training is vital and a range of support is available locally to make sure residents can exploit the new opportunities as they arise. 
Clyde Waterfront, the group which co-ordinates and promotes the regeneration, is a partnership between the Scottish Government, Scottish Enterprise and the local authorities of Glasgow, West Dunbartonshire and Renfrewshire.
Projects.
Commercial and residential.
In Glasgow city centre, the International Financial Services District (IFSD) has been set up to attract new financial companies to the city. The IFSD, a joint partnership led by Scottish Enterprise and Glasgow City Council, has created almost two million square feet of new Grade ‘A’ office accommodation in the centre of the city. Since the launch of the project in 2001, over 15,000 new jobs have moved into the area, and over £1 billion has been invested.
Braehead, on the south side of the river at Renfrew, includes a large shopping centre and new businesses continue to move into the area. Business parks are growing, the town of Renfrew is being regenerated, and a number of leading house builders are creating 2,000 new homes at Ferry Village, close to the Xscape leisure development.
Glasgow’s Digital Media Quarter at Pacific Quay is now home to the headquarters of BBC Scotland, with three major studio spaces, including "Studio A", the largest television studio outside London. The nearby Medius and Hub buildings, provide further opportunities for Scotland’s digital media industries.
Back on the north side of the river, the first phase of the £1.2 billion residential development at Glasgow Harbour is almost entirely sold out. The second phase of housing, GH20, will provide a further 800 apartments, with many already sold and occupied. 
Down the river at Clydebank, students at Clydebank College started the 2007/08 academic year in brand new purpose-built accommodation overlooking the river. Forty years ago the John Brown Shipyards were the site for the construction of the QE2. Now the area at Queens Quay has been transformed into a college campus, with adjacent business park accommodation.
Transport.
Major transport infrastructure is essential to ensure that the whole area is properly connected, and a number of vital projects are underway. For example, the Clyde Arc, also known as the "Squinty Bridge", was opened, the first road bridge to be built across the Clyde in Glasgow for almost 40 years. The bridge provides an important link between the West End of Glasgow and the Digital Media Quarter at Pacific Quay, and on into Govan. 
A pedestrian bridge known as the Tradeston Bridge, was opened in 2009 to link Glasgow's IFSD on the north bank with the emerging developments of the south bank at Tradeston.
Culture and leisure.
With the announcement that the Commonwealth Games will be held in Glasgow in 2014, further developments are underway. A proposed stadium, Scotland's National Arena, will be a 12,500-seat arena at SECC. It will sustain 1,400 jobs and continue to attract visitors to the city long after the Games are over. Further hotel accommodation is also required to handle the growth in tourism that is anticipated for the city and there is a commitment to complete key transport infrastructure projects in the area in time for the Games.
Work was completed on the Riverside Museum project in 2011. Architect Zaha Hadid has designed a landmark building which will house Glasgow’s transport collection.

</doc>
<doc id="19452386" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19452386" title="CQM">
CQM

CQM can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19452397" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19452397" title="Stephanie Puckrin">
Stephanie Puckrin

Stephanie Puckrin (born 22 August 1979) is an association football goalkeeper who represented New Zealand at international level.
Puckrin made her full Football Ferns debut in a 6-1 World Cup qualifying win over Tonga on 9 April 2007, and was included in the New Zealand squad for the 2007 FIFA Women's World Cup finals in China, where they lost to Brazil 0-5, Denmark (0-2) and China (0-2). Puckrin failed to get playing time at the tournament with Jenny Bindon being first choice goalkeeper.

</doc>
<doc id="19452409" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19452409" title="The Superclass List">
The Superclass List

The Superclass List is a creation of David Rothkopf which his book "Superclass: The Global Power Elite and The World They Are Making" (publ. March 2008) is based upon. There are four key elements of success that unite the members, the Superclass, that possess the unparalleled power over world affairs. These elements are: "geography", "pedigree", "networking" and "luck".
The verified list.
In the book Rothkopf writes that his list from 2008 contains 6,000 individuals. The grouping is, however, only defined roughly and as a statistical reality. Rothkopf also writes that list (one in a million, globally), is always in flux. (Note, world population is now 6.9 - 7 billion. so, if published today, the list may contain 7,000 names)
Rothkopf states that his list is not to be shown in public as there will be so much discussion about who does or does not qualify to be on the list. In interviews he mentions individuals that are on the list. This list contain names that he argues he has verified.
Sweden.
"About 20-30 Swedes are on the list".

</doc>
<doc id="19452422" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19452422" title="Royal Swedish Navy Cadet Band">
Royal Swedish Navy Cadet Band

The Royal Swedish Navy Cadet Band is a military band that was created in 2002 in cooperation with the Swedish Armed Forces Music Centre and the Royal Swedish Navy Band. The RSwNCB is the only young band in Sweden which has been approved for the Changing of the Royal Guards at the Royal Palace in Stockholm.
The band has a close contact with the Royal Swedish Navy Band/Lifeguard. 
The RSwNCB consists of about 60 young musicians. The band is based in Karlskrona in the south-east of Sweden. The musicians come from all of Sweden, but the south is especially well represented. The band works in project form and rehearses one weekend per month which results in one or several performances. 
The primary goal for the RSwNCB is to safeguard and develop the Swedish military music in general and the Swedish naval music in particular. This is achieved by using the Ship-cadet corps uniforms and hence keeping their traditions since 1685. Another goal is to be a base for recruiting for the other military bands in Sweden, the Central Band of the Swedish Army, the Royal Swedish Navy Band and the Swedish Mounted Band of the Royal Lifeguards.
Major performances.
The RSwNCB has participated in the following military tattoos and music festivals: 
The RSwNCB participated in the cortege at the Wedding of Victoria, Crown Princess of Sweden, and Daniel Westling on 19 June 2010.
The First Drummer or Drum Major.
The First Drummer, Drum Major, or "flaggtrumslagare" is the leader of the band during marching. The first drummer also has responsibility for the marching quality of the band, as well as responsibility for composing figurative shows for performances. 
The first drummer does not carry a drum; the title is better understood as the leader of the drummers (and as such of the band). The sign of command of the first drummer is the ceremonial mace or "stav", although by tradition, an ornate drum strap is carried across the shoulder as well. 
The Sergeant Major of the Drums or drum major is the leader of a marching band, drum or bugle corps, or pipe band. The Drum Major is usually positioned at the head of the Band or Corps and is the figure who stands out in the public eye. The Drum Major is responsible for providing commands either verbally, through hand gestures, or with a mace in the military or with whistle commands or a baton in the US civilian bands to the ensemble regarding where to march, what to play, and what time to keep. They are often dressed in more ornate clothing than the rest of the Band or Corps.
Since 2012, Thedodor Hjortenhammar, Tomas Ohlsson and Max Sjöberg-Fritz act as drum major in the band. In the beginning of 2013, Anthon Haväng was joined to this group.
Uniform.
Uniform Modell 1930
The uniform of the Royal Swedish Navy Cadet Band has its own unique story which begins in the early days of the naval city Karlskrona and the Ship-cadet corps. 
The ship-cadet corps was a group of youth who were taught sailing and other maritime skills aboard the large sailing ships in Sweden. The history of the ship-cadet corps began in 1685 and the corps with its musical performances was decommissioned in 1939. The corps had companies in Karlskrona, Stockholm and Marstrand. 
The uniform was often quite simple. The trousers were sometimes sewn from sail cloth and could therefore be quite roomy. Under the collar, a scarf or råbandshalsduk was worn. Two of the things which have been kept through history are the emblem on the cap and the ribbon for the cap (topplänta). The emblem is an anchor, mirrored with respect to the one in use by other maritime bodies. The ribbon was used during climbs in the masts, fastened under the chin. It became tradition that the ribbon be fastened during parades ashore as well, a tradition that the Royal Swedish Navy Cadet Band keeps alive to this day.

</doc>
<doc id="19452432" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19452432" title="Márton Oross">
Márton Oross

Márton Oross (born 3 March 1981 in Győr) is a Hungarian football player who currently plays for Gyirmót SE.

</doc>
<doc id="19452456" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19452456" title="Augustin Přeučil">
Augustin Přeučil

Augustin Přeučil (3 July 1914 – 14 April 1947, Prague) was a Czech who joined the Royal Air Force and spied for the Gestapo during the Second World War. He faked his death in 1941, but was sentenced to death by the People's Court in Prague in 1947 for treason. He was hanged in Pankrác Prison on 14 April 1947. 
Born near Benesov in central Bohemia, Preucil served as a reconnaissance pilot in Air Regiment 1 of the Czech air force by early 1939. When the Germans invaded in March 1939, he immediately volunteered to join the Luftwaffe but was rejected because he was not a German national. In 1939 he was caught attempting to illegally cross the border from the Nazi Protectorate of Bohemia and Moravia, on his way to offer his services as a pilot in South America. He was recruited by German Intelligence, who sent him into Europe, to monitor the exiled Czechoslovak military abroad, and the air forces in particular.
After spells in Poland and France, Preucil made his way to Britain where he joined the Royal Air Force. Among his activities was the theft of a Hawker Hurricane Mk IIa serial number W9147 of 55 OTU based at RAF Usworth, near Sunderland, in which he flew to Flushing in the Netherlands on 19 September 1941. At the time the RAF assumed the aircraft and pilot lost at sea, and it was not until later the true circumstances of the loss came to light. The Hurricane ended up displayed at the Museum for Transport & Technology in Berlin.
Until the end of the war he was an undercover agent, whose task was to infiltrate resistance movements. He was also sent into the Gestapo prison Terezin and spied on American prisoners of war.
In 1944 he helped the Prague Gestapo to identify those captured Czechoslovak pilots who had been shot down and who the Nazis wanted to try as traitors. He also infiltrated the concentration camp of Theresienstadt where, posing as a captured Czech pilot, he informed on Czech political prisoners.

</doc>
<doc id="19452483" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19452483" title="Of All The People In All The World">
Of All The People In All The World

Of All The People In All The World, also known as The Rice Show, is an art installation and performance by Stan's Cafe, which utilises 112 tonnes of dry rice to represent the world's population, with one grain for each person (about 60 grains of rice—or people—per gram).
Individual piles of rice represent various statistics, such as "deaths in The Holocaust" or "the population of England". As the show progresses, new piles are made by "curators". Topical events are also covered, such as a pile representing the people who lost jobs upon the bankruptcy of Lehman Brothers, which happened during the September 2008 exhibition. Some of the piles are shaped to represent something associated with the statistic, such as the rice representing the crowd at a football match being in the shape of a stadium, with players in formation. Visitors, or people using the show's website, are invited to suggest new statistics for inclusion.
On arrival, visitors are each presented with a single grain of rice, to represent themselves.
Due to space limitations, some versions of the exhibition have a had a more limited geographical scope, covering only the host country.
The installation was shown, in its full "All The World" configuration for only the second time, in a disused factory belonging to AE Harris in Birmingham, England: the home town of Stan's Cafe. At the end of the show, all the rice used was returned to the food chain.

</doc>
<doc id="19452486" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19452486" title="Pearcey Foundation">
Pearcey Foundation

The Pearcey Foundation is an Australian organisation dedicated to raising the profile of the Australian Information Technology and Telecommunications industry. The foundation was formed in 1998 and is named after Trevor Pearcey, an Australian engineer who led the team that created CSIRAC, Australia's first and one of the world's earliest digital computers.
As part of its work, the Pearcey Foundation presents the Pearcey Awards each year. The Foundation awards the Pearcey Medal to the Australian who has made the most outstanding lifetime contribution to the Australian ICT industry, and each state committee makes an annual award to the ICT professional in that state who has made the most outstanding professional, innovative or business achievement in the field of ICT.

</doc>
<doc id="19452491" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19452491" title="Sir Edward Holden, 1st Baronet">
Sir Edward Holden, 1st Baronet

Sir Edward Hopkinson Holden, 1st Baronet (11 May 1848 – 23 July 1919) was a British banker and Liberal politician, most notable for his role in developing the Midland Bank into the largest bank in the world.
Family.
Hopkinson was born at the "Bull's Head", Tottington, Lancashire. He was the eldest son of Henry Holden, a calico bleacher and Ann Hopkinson.
After working as a clerk in local businesses, he entered banking in 1866 as an apprentice at the Bolton branch of the Manchester and County Bank. At the same time he was continuing his education by attending evening classes at Owen's College, Manchester, studying political economy, logic and law.
In 1877 he married Annie Cassie of Aberdeen, and they had three children. They made their home at "The Grange", Thorpe, near Chertsey, Surrey. His wife died in 1905.
Banking career.
In 1881 he became accountant at the Birmingham and Midland Bank, and in 1883 he was promoted to secretary. He was involved in the bank's expansion, as it absorbed a large number of banks in central and northern England. He continued to be promoted: to sub-manager in 1887, general manager in 1890, and joint general manager in 1891. In 1898 he personally negotiated the merger with the London-based City Bank, and was to be managing director of the resulting London, City and Midland Bank until his death. He was also appointed chairman of the renamed Midland Bank in 1908 and continued the policy of expansion and acquisition. By 1918, with deposits of £335 million, it ranked as the largest bank in the world.
Political career.
In 1906 Holden was elected as Liberal member of parliament for Heywood, Lancashire. In 1908 he was considered for the post of Chancellor of the Exchequer in succession to Herbert Asquith. However, the office was given to David Lloyd George, following his threat to resign from the cabinet. Holden did not contest the next general election in 1910.
In 1909 Holden was created a baronet, "of the Grange in the County of Surrey". He declined the offer of a peerage on two occasions.
Despite his retirement from parliamentary politics, Holden remained an economic advisor to the government. He was part of a commission sent to New York in 1915 to help stabilise exchange rates, and helped raise an Anglo-French loan of £100 million from the United States government for the conduct of the First World War.
Holden developed heart disease in his final year, and died suddenly at Duff House Sanatorium in Banff, Banffshire (now Aberdeenshire) of cerebral thrombosis and heart failure.

</doc>
<doc id="19452494" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19452494" title="Maccabi Nes Tziona F.C.">
Maccabi Nes Tziona F.C.

Maccabi Nes Tziona () was an Israeli football club based in Nes Tziona. 
History.
In 1923 the club won the Magen Shimshon, a cup for Maccabi-affiliated teams, and won it again the following season. During the 1930s they played in the Palestine League.
After Israeli independence the club were placed in the Israeli League, but lost all 24 matches that season scoring only seven goals, and were subsequently relegated (although second-from-bottom Maccabi Rishon LeZion actually had the league's worst goal difference). The club's record of zero points remains a record low. 
At the end of the following season, 1951-52, the club finished second bottom of the South Division of Liga Bet and were relegated again. 
The club folded in 1955, as the local football clubs of Nes Tziona merged, and Sektziyat Kaduregel Nes Tziona was founded.

</doc>
<doc id="19452502" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19452502" title="Arne Haugestad">
Arne Haugestad

Arne Haugestad (19 June 1935 – 20 September 2008) was a Norwegian Supreme Court lawyer, best known as the leader of the Norwegian movement against the EEC from 1970 to 1973, and as defender for Arne Treholt, after his conviction for espionage in 1985.

</doc>
<doc id="19452515" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19452515" title="TEL Solar">
TEL Solar

TEL Solar is a manufacturer of production equipment for the manufacturing of thin-film silicon solar modules.
TEL Solar owns the patent for the double junction thin film silicon technology from 1993. The two junctions consist of the amorphous silicon (a-Si) top cell and the microcrystalline silicon (μc-Si) bottom cell. Micromorph is the brand name describing the amorphous/microcrystalline silicon tamdem cell. TEL Solar was the first to integrate boron doped zinc oxyde deposited by low pressure chemical vapour deposition (LPCVD) as the Transparent Conductive Oxide (TCO) layer, and the first to commercialize the high-efficiency Micromorph process. The majority of its customers upgraded from amorphous single junction to micromorph (double junction) technology.
TEL Solar is headquartered in Switzerland and has about 650 employees. The installed production capacity at its customer sites cumulates to 1 Giga Watt ( 1,000 MW). TEL Solar maintains sales and service centers in the USA, Europe, China, Taiwan, Korea, Singapore and Japan.
Market segment.
TEL Solar provides thin film silicon PV module production equipment, end-to-end fabrication lines, process technology and services. Their products enable automated mass production of large-area, thin-film silicon solar modules.
Grid parity.
TEL Solar is currently offering equipment that produce PV panels that are 1.4 square meters in size, have a module efficiency of 10.8%, and a module production cost of US$0.50/Watt. It is notable that TEL Solar has doubled the annual output of its standard manufacturing line and reduced the expected cost of ownership by over 50% over the past three years. These improvements put TEL Solars customers in a position to offer panels at a price that enable solar energy to be sold at prices that are comparable with retail electricity rates in regions like Southern Europe or California by 2012.
End-to-end manufacturing lines.
TEL Solars fully automated ThinFab 140 is the latest generation in thin-film solar module manufacturing lines with an annual production capacity of 140 MW. It includes three key components:
In addition, TEL Solar says it is the only supplier of transparent conductive oxide (TCO) technology with haze on demand. This proprietary effect enables the trapping of light in the photovoltaic thin-film, maximizing conversion efficiency. These unique capabilities enhance the performance of the solar modules and directly reduce the cost-per-watt peak.
Form factor.
The company’s 1.4 m2 substrates are currently the leading format for equipping silicon thin-film solar-module production facilities, and have become the industry standard through numerous installations. Not only are they the only substrates available for wide-scale implementation today, but also this format has other advantages over larger substrates including higher efficiency, lower cost of ownership per watt, lower shipment costs, and ease of installation.
Micromorph module technology.
The amorphous/microcrystalline design enables module performance by capturing up to 50% more sunlight than conventional thin film silicon PV modules. The micromorph stacked-cell concept was pioneered and patented at the Institute of Microtechnology (IMT) of the Neuchâtel University in Switzerland, and later licensed to TEL Solar since 2003.
End-to-end module factory.
TEL Solar offers its customers a complete manufacturing solution for thin film silicon, including the PECVD equipment for depositing the silicon layers, the LPCVD equipment to deposit thin film zinc oxide on the front and back of the silicon layers, the advanced laser systems to scribe cell lines and the equipment to encapsulate the active layers to form the finished module.

</doc>
<doc id="19452520" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19452520" title="Suncokret">
Suncokret

Suncokret (Serbian Cyrillic: Сунцокрет; trans. "Sunflower") was a former Yugoslav acoustic rock band from Belgrade.
Band history.
1975 — 1980.
The band was formed in 1975 by former Zajedno member Bora Đorđević (vocals and acoustic guitar), a former U Cvetu Mladosti member Nenad Božić (vocals and acoustic guitar) and female singers Snežana Jandrlić and Vesna Rakočević. After releasing the single "Kara Mustafa", Vesna Rakočević left the band and joined Zdravo, and Bilja Krstić and Gorica Popović became new Suncokret members. At the half of 1976 they were joined by bass guitarist Bata Sokić.
The band released several successful singles, some of them inspired by old folk songs. In 1976, they appeared in Mića Milošević's movie "Tit for Tat", and some of their songs were used in the movie. They perormed at the 1976 BOOM Festival in Belgrade, and a live version of their song "Moj đerdane" was released on the "BOOM '76" live album. With disk jockey Zoran Modli they recorded humorous songs under the name Hajduk Stanko i Jataci.
Their debut album "Moje bube" ("My Bugs") was released in 1977. Album featured previously released "Kara Mustafa" and "Moje tuge", humorous songs "Vuk i krava" and "Oglas" and ballads "Uspavanka", "Ni sam ne znam kada" and "Prvi sneg", the latter, written by Dušan Mihajlović Spira (later the leader of Doktor Spira i Ljudska Bića), becoming one of Suncokret's signature songs. A live version of "Prvi sneg" was released on the "BOOM '77" live album. After the album was released, keyboardist Duško Nikodijević and drummer Ljubinko Milošević became band's permanent members. In 1978, the band members refused to perform Đorđević's song "Lutka sa naslovne strane", so Đorđević and Biljana Krstić left the band and joined Rani Mraz, Đorđević remaining in Rani Mraz shortly and in 1979 forming hard rock band Riblja Čorba which will eventually become one of the top acts of the former Yugoslav rock scene.
Snežana Jandrlić continued to lead new, electricized Suncokret lineup, which featured Sokić, Nikodijević and former Tilt members Dušan "Duda" Bezuha (guitar) and Vladimir Golubović (drums). After Golubović and Bezuha left the band, bass guitarist Branko Isaković and drummer Ivan "Vd" Vdović became new Suncokret members, but after only two singles released, the band disbanded due to the members' discord.
Reunions (1995, 2011).
In 1995, Suncokret reunited for a performance in Belgrade Youth Center, on a concert which featured other acts from the 1970s acoustic rock scene. The lineup featured Bora Đorđević, Bata Sokić, Duda Bezuha, Gorica Popović, Snežana Jandrlić, Bilja Krstić and Vlajko Golubović.
In 2011, Suncokret reunited in the lineup featuring Gorica Popović, Biljana Krstić, Snežana Jandrlić, Bata Sokić and Nenad Božić, to perform at the 50th anniversary of Subotica Youth Festival, performing the songs "Prvi sneg" and "Moje bube".
Legacy.
The album "Moje bube" was polled in 1998 as 78th on the list of 100 greatest Yugoslav popular music albums in the book "" ("YU 100: The Best albums of Yugoslav pop and rock music").
In 2006 the song "Prvi sneg" was ranked #70 on the B92 Top 100 Domestic Songs list.

</doc>
<doc id="19452526" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19452526" title="Warren Fuavailili">
Warren Fuavailili

Warren Fuavailili is a boxer from Samoa.
He competed at the 2006 Commonwealth Games, where he won a bronze medal for boxing in the Men's Middleweight (75 kg) class. In 2008 Fuavailili started training the University of Toledo Boxing team, after helping Jonathan Stubenhuis, also from Samoa become the MAC champion, Fuavailili left to continue training for the upcoming Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="19452541" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19452541" title="Justin Thorne">
Justin Thorne

Justin Thorne (born 1974) is a British singer-songwriter, author and marketing academic. He was born in the island of Jersey, UK and grew up on the island, in Australia and on the UK mainland. He is also a keen poker player and is co-founder of Fish Hook Poker.
Thorne completed an M.Sc. in Marketing at the University of Glamorgan and is considered one of the UK's leading authorities on online communities. He is a Chartered Marketer and has managed numerous global and national brands. He currently lives in Jersey, where he continues to write fiction, music, academic journals; and provide strategic marketing support for the world's leading organizations and brands.
Music.
Thorne's latest album, "Live at Jersey Arts Centre", features a track called "Sold (NYC Mix)", which was recorded in New York City by producers Tommy Allen, and Blondie guitar player, Paul Carbonara. Ed Stasium did the final mix of the song. In August 2008, Thorne supported Australian roots star, Xavier Rudd along with Ben Howard at the Grassroots festival in Jersey.
Fiction.
In 2007, Thorne's debut book, "In the Shadows: An Anthology of the Curious", was published by Sigel Press in the US and the UK. The book is described by the publisher as "a collection of previously published short stories and brand new tales from an emerging voice in genre fiction.
The anthology includes fantasy, horror, science fiction, crime, mystery and an exclusive preview of the forthcoming fantasy novel, Footsteps".
The book received endorsements from popular fantasy authors Matthew Stover and James Barclay.
Academia.
In 2006, Thorne's academic journal, "The Freaks and Geeks Manifesto: Genre Readers are Revolting" was published at the 4th International Conference on the Book, in Boston. The study focused on the rise of the postmodern consumer, postmodern marketing and the power of online discussion forums and blogs. The paper received a distinction as part of his M.Sc. studies and achieved the highest mark ever given by the University of Glamorgan for the 'postmodern' element of the course.
In July 2007, Thorne's paper, "Online Community Interaction: Revolution or Revulsion" was presented to academics in Florida, at the International Conference on Cybernetics and Information Technologies. Following his presentation, he won the award for 'Best Paper' in the marketing stream. The paper was recently selected as one of the best 10% of papers presented at the conference by the Journal of Systemics, Cybernetics and Informatics and appeared in Volume 6 of the journal.

</doc>
<doc id="19452546" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19452546" title="James McKinstry">
James McKinstry

James McKinstry (born 3 July 1979 in Glasgow) is a Scottish footballer, who currently plays for junior side Petershill.
McKinstry is a defender who can play anywhere at the back as well as in midfield, and has a vast wealth of experience in the Scottish Football League, having played for the now junior Clydebank, Partick Thistle, Dumbarton and rivals Ayr United, before moving to Stair Park in the summer of 2007. McKinstry is now a part-time train driver with scotrail.

</doc>
<doc id="19452577" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19452577" title="Tre Simmons">
Tre Simmons

Chester "Tre" Simmons III (born July 24, 1982) is an American professional basketball player. He is a 1.98 m (6'6") swingman who currently plays for ČEZ Nymburk.
College career.
Simmons played college basketball at Odessa Junior College, Green River Community College and with the University of Washington's men's basketball team the Washington Huskies. He was named to the 2004-05 season's All-Pac-10 First Team.
Pro career.
Simmons began his professional career in 2006 when he joined the Greek League club PAOK. He then moved to the Spanish League and ULEB Cup club Gran Canaria for the 2006-07 season, but in the midst of the season moved to Israel and signed for the Superleague club Hapoel Galil Elyon. The following season he moved to Hapoel Holon with whom he won the league championship. For the 2010-11 season he moved to the Czech basketball team CEZ Nymburk, where he won Czech National Championship and the Czech National Cup.
He joined the Euroleague club Maccabi Tel Aviv for the 2008-09 season.
For the 2009-10 season he signed with Hapoel Jerusalem B.C.. Between 2010-12 he played for CEZ Nymburk in Czech Republic. In June 2012 he signed with Krasnye Krylya Samara in Russia. He returned to CEZ Nymburk in 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="19452579" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19452579" title="The Streets discography">
The Streets discography

This is a comprehensive listing of official releases by British music act The Streets. The Streets has released six studio albums, one EP and sixteen singles.
The first studio album, titled "Original Pirate Material" was released in the United Kingdom on 25 May 2002, where it reached number 10 in the UK Albums Chart, managing to be certified as Platinum in March 2003. Second album "A Grand Don't Come for Free" was released in 2004, peaking at number 1; managing to be certified thrice Platinum in the UK. The third studio album, titled "The Hardest Way to Make an Easy Living" was released on 10 April 2006, becoming The Streets second consecutive album to reach the number-one spot; also being certified as Gold several weeks after release. On 15 September 2008, the fourth studio album "Everything Is Borrowed" was released in the UK, becoming the fourth consecutive Top 10 album; peaking at number 7 and being certified Silver two weeks after release. In 2011 he released two studio albums: "Cyberspace and Reds" billed as a mixtape and released through his website and the proper follow-up "Computers and Blues".

</doc>
<doc id="19452639" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19452639" title="Hajimemashite">
Hajimemashite

Track listing.
All songs written and composed by Miyuki Nakajima.

</doc>
<doc id="19452646" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19452646" title="Media of Senegal">
Media of Senegal

The media of Senegal is varied and includes multiple television channels, numerous private radio stations, and over 15 newspapers.
The reading public for Senegal's diverse press is largely limited to Dakar and Thies. The quasi-official "Le Soleil" is a daily newspaper. Other major popular independent newspapers include the dailies "Sud Quotidien", "WalFadjri", "Le Quotidien", "Le Matin", "Le Populaire", "Il Est Midi", and the economic weekly "Nouvel Horizon". National newspapers are in French. English-language newspapers such as the "International Herald Tribune" are also available at many newsstands. 
Various trade organizations publish bulletins and newsletters such as those of the Dakar Chamber of Commerce and the periodical "Entreprendre" issued by the National Council of Business Leaders.
Several Europe-based magazines enjoy a wide circulation, including "Jeune Afrique", "L'Autre Afrique", "Paris Match", "L'Express", "Le Point", as well as the European editions of "Time", "Newsweek" and "The Economist".

</doc>
<doc id="19452658" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19452658" title="Olimpia Boronat">
Olimpia Boronat

Olimpia Boronat (1859 or 1867 – 1934) was an Italian operatic coloratura soprano, noted for her performances of the soprano roles in the bel canto repertory.
Boronat was born in Genoa, and made her debut either there or in Naples during 1885. She sang around the world, particularly the Spanish-speaking world, but was particularly associated with Russia; she first sang there at St Petersburg in 1894. She married a member of the Polish aristocracy, and retired from the stage for six years from 1896 to 1902. After her hiatus, she sang initially in Russia; it was not until 1909 that she returned to her native Italy to sing.
Boronat was noted for a voice of great beauty and clarity, and exceptional technical ability, coupled with sensitive musicianship. She was particularly associated with the roles of Rosina in "The Barber of Seville", Violetta in "La traviata", Elvira in "I puritani", and Ophélie in "Hamlet".
After her retirement, Boronat founded a singing school in Warsaw.
Recordings.
Boronat's complete recordings, dating from 1904 and 1908, were released by Marston Records in 1997. These include works by Alexander Alyabyev, Bellini, Bizet, Donizetti, Flotow, Pietro Giannelli, Gounod, Mikhail Ivanov, Meyerbeer, Tosti, Verdi, and Redento Zardo.

</doc>
<doc id="19452667" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19452667" title="Dablirathan">
Dablirathan

Dablirathan is the largest village of Hanumangarh District in Rajasthan. It is divided into two villages. It is situated on Hanumangarh – Suratgarh road, about 13 km from the Hanumangarh district headquarters.
External links.
<br clear=all>

</doc>
<doc id="19452696" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19452696" title="Goluwala">
Goluwala

Goluwala is a town and a mandi in Hanumangarh district of Rajasthan, India. It is divided into two Panchayats – Nivadan and Sihagan. It is an industrial town located some 30 km west of Hanumangarh,Goluwala can be reached from Pilibangan, the nearest railway station. It is 18 km off National Highway NH-15.It is also known as GOLUWALA THE GOLDEN CITY.

</doc>
<doc id="19452708" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19452708" title="Sud Quotidien">
Sud Quotidien

Sud Quotidien is a major independent daily newspaper in Senegal.

</doc>
<doc id="19452715" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19452715" title="Fefana">
Fefana

Fefana (also Phephana) is a village in Hanumangarh District of Rajasthan. This is the largest village of Nohar tehsil.

</doc>
<doc id="19452717" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19452717" title="Pearcey Award">
Pearcey Award

The Pearcey Awards are a set of prizes presented annually since 1998 by the Pearcey Foundation for achievement in the Australian ICT industry.
Pearcey Award Categories.
Each year, the Pearcey Foundation presents 3 categories of award:

</doc>
<doc id="19452718" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19452718" title="Almost Heaven">
Almost Heaven

Almost Heaven is the tenth regular studio album by European-American pop group The Kelly Family. Based on concept by Dan Kelly, it was co-produced by Kathy and Paddy Kelly and released in 1996 (see 1996 in music) throughout most of Europe.
Following the major success of previous albums "Over the Hump" and "Christmas for All" and the number-one single "I Can't Help Myself," the album debuted number-one in Austria, Germany and Switzerland. It also entered the top 5 in the Netherlands and Norway and made it to the top 20 in Belgium. "Almost Heaven" eventually sold more than three million copies worldwide, making it the band's second biggest-selling release to date.

</doc>
<doc id="19452719" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19452719" title="WalFadjri">
WalFadjri

WalFadjri is an independent daily newspaper published in Senegal.

</doc>
<doc id="19452723" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19452723" title="Le Populaire">
Le Populaire

Le Populaire is a major independent daily newspaper in Senegal.

</doc>
<doc id="19452726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19452726" title="Il Est Midi">
Il Est Midi

Il Est Midi is a major independent daily newspaper in Senegal. Its offices are based in the Senegalese capital, Dakar.
"Il Est Midi" is published in French and the title, 'Il est midi', is French for 'it is midday'.

</doc>
<doc id="19452730" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19452730" title="Nethrana">
Nethrana

Nethrana is a village in Hanumangarh District of Rajasthan, India. This is the largest village of Bhadra tehsil.

</doc>
<doc id="19452732" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19452732" title="Le Matin (Senegal)">
Le Matin (Senegal)

Le Matin is a major independent daily newspaper in Senegal.

</doc>
<doc id="19452735" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19452735" title="Nouvel Horizon">
Nouvel Horizon

Nouvel Horizon is an economic weekly newspaper in Senegal.

</doc>
<doc id="19452741" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19452741" title="Le Quotidien (Senegal)">
Le Quotidien (Senegal)

Le Quotidien is a major independent daily newspaper in Senegal, based in the capital of Dakar. It also publishes a glossy weekly, entitled "Week end".
Launch.
Launched by owner/editor Madiambal Diagne—a former reporter for Dakar's Wal Fadjri -- and his Avenir Communications SA company in February 2003, Le Quotidien is generally critical of the government, as well as political and religious figures.
Controversy.
In July 2004 Diange was arrested pending charge by the government for publishing articles alleging fraud in the customs service and government interference in the judiciary. The arrest came from an alleged breach of Article 80 of the Penal Code, which mandates up to 5 years in jail for anyone convicted of "acts that might compromise public security or cause serious political problems." He was released following international pressure and a press strike.
Expansion.
In 2006, Le Quotidien purchased its own press facilities, freeing it from use of government owned printing facilities.
In 2007 the company's attempt to launch a sister radio station in Dakar was halted by the government, but Premiere FM opened after appeal at the end of that year.

</doc>
<doc id="19452743" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19452743" title="Mihael Rajić">
Mihael Rajić


</doc>
<doc id="19452745" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19452745" title="Chhani Bari">
Chhani Bari

Chhani Bari is a village in the Hanumangarh district of Rajasthan, India.
It is in Bhadra Mandal and a sub-tehsil in Bhadra Tehsil. Chhani Bari is situated at a distance of about 18.7 km from its Mandal headquarters Bhadra, 110.6 km from the district headquarters of Hanumangarh and 256 km away from the state capital of Jaipur. Hisar is the nearest commercial centre.
Villages.
Bhadra, Ajeet Pura, Alayala, Bhanai, Bhangarh mehrana and Bhangwa are some of the neighboring villages.
Educational institutions.
Nearby schools include:
Nearby colleges include:
References.
http://www.onefivenine.com/india/villages/Hanumangarh/Bhadra/Chhani-Bari-_3a5-Chn-_4a

</doc>
<doc id="19452748" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19452748" title="D'or Fischer">
D'or Fischer

D'or Fischer (born October 12, 1981) is an American professional basketball player for Brose Baskets of the German League. He is a 2.11 m (6 ft 11 in), 116 kg (255 lb) center-forward.
College career.
Fischer played college basketball at Northwestern State University and also at West Virginia University with the West Virginia Mountaineers.
Pro career.
Fischer began his professional career in 2005 with the Polish League and ULEB Cup club Anwil Włocławek. He then joined the NBA D-League club the Roanoke Dazzle in 2006. He then moved to the German League club EWE Baskets Oldenburg for the 2006–07 season. 
He spent the 2007–08 season with the Belgian League club Euphony Bree. He joined the Israeli Euroleague club Maccabi Tel Aviv for the 2008–09 season. In July 2010, he signed with Real Madrid. In August 2011, he signed a one-year contract with Bizkaia Bilbao Basket.
On September 27, 2013, he signed with the Washington Wizards. However, he was waived on October 16.
In November 2013, he signed with Brose Baskets.
Personal.
On March 1, 2009, Fischer was attacked outside of a club in Tel Aviv with a glass bottle. He was injured in the face and his facial nerves were damaged, but he has fully healed.

</doc>
<doc id="19452754" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19452754" title="1987–88 Football League Trophy">
1987–88 Football League Trophy

The Football League Trophy 1987–88, known as the Sherpa Van Trophy 1987–88 for sponsorship reasons (although the competition began under its previous title of the Freight Rover Trophy), was the 5th staging of the Football League Trophy, a knockout competition for English football clubs in the Third and Fourth Divisions (now known as League One and Two). 
The winners were Wolverhampton Wanderers, who defeated Burnley 2–0 in the final. This marked the only time two previous English champions have met in the final of this competition, and made Wolves the only former champions to have won the trophy.
The competition began on 13 October 1987 and ended with the final on 29 May 1988.
The tournament begins with clubs divided into a Northern and a Southern section, and teams entering a preliminary group stage. Each section then gradually eliminates the qualifying teams in knock-out fashion until each has a winning finalist. At this point, the two winning finalists face each other in the combined final for the honour of the trophy.
Preliminary round.
Northern Section.
Group 1
Oct 13Rochdale 0–0 Tranmere Rovers
Oct 27Tranmere Rovers 1–2 Burnley
Nov 24Burnley 3–2 Rochdale
Group 4
Oct 13Wigan Athletic 2–2 Crewe Alexandra
Nov 24Bury 5–2 Wigan Athletic
Dec 04Crewe Alexandra 0–0 Bury
Group 7
Oct 13Scunthorpe United 2–0 Grimsby Town
Oct 27Grimsby Town 2–1 Halifax Town
Nov 24Halifax Town 3–0 Scunthorpe United
Play-off to determine second place:
Dec 15Grimsby Town 1–2 Scunthorpe United
Group 2
Oct 13Carlisle United 2–1 Chester City
Oct 28Chester City 2–1 Blackpool
Nov 24Blackpool 0–1 Carlisle United
Group 5
Oct 13York City 3–4 Darlington
Nov 24Chesterfield 2–0 York City
Dec 05Darlington 2–1 Chesterfield
Group 8
Oct 13Doncaster Rovers 0–1 Mansfield Town
Oct 27Mansfield Town 3–2 Hartlepool United
Nov 24Hartlepool United 1–0 Doncaster Rovers
Group 3
Oct 13Bolton Wanderers 0–0 Preston NE
Oct 27Preston NE 5–2 Stockport County
Nov 24Stockport County 1–3 Bolton Wanderers
Group 6
Oct 13Rotherham United 1–0 Scarborough
Oct 28Scarborough 0–3 Sunderland
Nov 24Sunderland 7–1 Rotherham United
Southern Section.
Group 1
Oct 13Notts County 1–0 Northampton Town
Oct 28Northampton Town 1–0 Brentford
Nov 24Brentford 3–2 Notts County
Group 4
Oct 13Colchester United 3–2 Peterborough United
Nov 24Cambridge United 0–0 Colchester United
Dec 01Peterborough United 3–0 Cambridge United
Group 7
Oct 13Southend United 1–0 Fulham
Oct 27Fulham 1–6 Brighton
Nov 25Brighton 3–2 Southend United
Group 2
Oct 13Cardiff City 3–2 Wrexham
Oct 27Wrexham 2–2 Walsall
Nov 24Walsall 3–1 Cardiff City
Group 5
Oct 13Torquay United 2–0 Bristol Rovers
Oct 28Bristol Rovers 0–2 Hereford United
Nov 25Hereford United 0–2 Torquay United
Group 8
Oct 27Swansea City 1–1 Wolves
Nov 10Bristol City 2–0 Swansea City
Nov 24Wolves 3–1 Bristol City
Group 3
Oct 13Aldershot 3–1 Gillingham
Oct 27Gillingham 2–2 Leyton Orient
Nov 24Leyton Orient 2–2 Aldershot
Group 6
Oct 13Newport County 2–0 Port Vale
Oct 26Port Vale 2–0 Exeter City
Nov 24Exeter City 0–1 Newport County
Area finals.
Northern Area final.
"Burnley won 3–1 on aggregate."
Southern Area final.
"Wolverhampton Wanderers won 4–1 on aggregate."

</doc>
<doc id="19452755" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19452755" title="Selaiyur">
Selaiyur

Selaiyur () is a town near Tambaram, Chennai. This town is located on the Tambaram - Velachery Road. Once upon a time, this place was called as Silaiyur. Neighbouring towns include Tambaram, Madambakkam, Rajakilpakkam, Sembakkam, Chitlapakkam and Medavakkam.
it has the airforce station and serves dwellings for most of the retired airforce families and there are mixed of people like north Indians, andhraites, keralites etc... it has lot of colleges so its a place for the young to start their career,
Selaiyur Tank.
Selaiyur has an ancient temple tank in its midst. This tank belonged to the nearby Perumal temple. It is said that a record, 400 years ago by "Chola king" Thribhuvana Chakravarthy Vijaykanda Gopalan states that the tank belonged to the Perumal temple.
Transport.
Selaiyur is well connected by MTC. The nearest railway station is 3 kilometres away at Tambaram. The nearest airport is Chennai International Airport at Meenambakkam. The main mode of transport and conveyance are buses and share-autos. The following buses ply towards Camp Road. Camp Road is the main junction in the locality where many important banks like SBI, HDFC, AXIS are situated.
List of buses from Tambaram East

</doc>
<doc id="19452758" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19452758" title="Dholipal">
Dholipal

Dholipal is a large village in the district of Hanumangarh of Rajasthan, India.
History.
It was known as Karanpura earlier and now Dholipal. It had to do something with the sand dune out there. But now its on the little greener side because of many canals. The region irrigated by the Ganges canal and the Bhakra canal tributaries.
Climate.
Dholipal's climate is, sad to say, very bad. Temperature in summers go up to 50 Degrees. And with no 24 hours electricity, people spend their day in criticizing the Government. In December and January, temperatures can dip to near-zero.
Get in.
It is 17 Kilometers north of Hanumangarh district headquarters.
You can reach via train from Delhi to Hanumangarh and then take a bus to Dholipal. However train is pathetic. People with General class ticket or no tickets will enter into the reserved compartments and will wake you up advising you not to sleep in day time. Politely speak to them unless you want to get into a brawl. Local buses from Hanumangarh to Dholipal are available after every 15–20 minutes but are overcrowded. Many passengers in the bus do not purchase tickets and travel free specifically students and other passengers who travel daily. If conductor asks for a ticket, they say "student" and get away with that.
There is a railway station miles away from the village and thus useless. There is a story that Sarpanch of this village was not willing to establish a railway station in Dholipal fearing it may lead to accidents and people will find an easier way to suicide.
Getting around.
Getting around Dholipal is certainly not the most exciting thing to do. You can hire a bicycle or walk on foot to get around. However streets are full of garbage and water dumps. With no proper sewerage system, be careful while walking after evening as your next step can directly go into a water dump. You will not find many people on the streets because half of the population goes to fields for agriculture work in day time.
Talk.
The native language is Rajasthani. Almost everybody you meet will be able to speak Hindi, with the Bihari and Punjabi accents. However most educated people will be able to speak fluent Hindi. You may not be able to find anyone who speaks in fluent English but educated ones understand this and will be able to communicate in extremely broken English.
Sights.
There is nothing special to see in this village. Streets are deserted and you will find people playing cards at the popular joints. The best way is to go outside the village to a Dhani (a farm house kind of thing) or to open green fields where you can have a bottle of chilled beer and have a fag. There is a watermill on the border of the village which is also a good place for such activities.
Government and politics.
Politics is the favourite subject to talk about in this village. The smallest political unit is Sarpanch. Also there have been women
Sarpanch but all illiterate and didn't even know how to sign. Obviously, administration was run by their husbands or other male members of the family.
There has not been a single politician from this area who is a well known name. They were simply not able to pull it off to the state or the national level.
Sports.
Youngsters used to play Cricket with all the equipment like bat, ball, pads, helmet, leather ball etc. but today's younger kids are not interested that much and focus on study rather than sports. Still there are people who play with Tennis ball to satisfy their passion to an extent. They have to go to Shivaji Stadium (nothing like a stadium, but a plain field and a home made pitch) or to the Government School which are on the outer corner of the village and far from the centre. There used to be a small ground beside the watermill but now abandoned due to rise of buildings.
Volleyball and Football are also played at the school level, however there is nothing to mention because of poor infrastructure and lack of funds.
Elderly people play cards on the popular joints with an enthusiasm like teenager kids.
Economy.
The economy of the area is based on agriculture, its main crops are wheat, mustard and cotton. Other crops are guar, bajra, sugar cane and grams. The majority of agricultural land is owned by Punjabis and Jaats giving them political and societal leverage over other communities in this area. The favourite job one can dream is to be a Government school teacher or into Rajasthan police. Every second person you meet will be preparing for exams to get into police or teaching stream.
Culture.
Punjabi and Bagri cultures dominate the village.
The embroidered Odhni (mostly red in colour) is a symbol of Bagri women. A long shirt and ghaghra (long frock type clothes) and boriya (a head ornament) is the traditional dress of Bagri women.
Punjabi women wear a suit and salwar with chunni (cloth on head). This attire has also become popular with women of other communities. Some women of the Hindu and Muslim Seraiki people still wear ghaggra (long frock).
The Purdah (or veil) is mainly in vogue among Bagri women. Men mainly wear a pant-shirt, kurta payjama and dhoti (Punjabis call it the chadara-kurta).
Traditional Sikh and Rajasthani devotional music is popular. Bollywood songs are listened to with same enthusiasm as in other northern Indian regions.
Cuisine.
Non vegetarian food is considered bad in this area. The concept of breakfast, lunch and dinner is altogether different here. Most people eat two times here (like do waqt ki roti). Morning around at 10 AM and evening around at 8 PM. A meal is generally composed of daal/vegetable with desi ghee, chapati, and buttermilk. When there is a guest, most common and essential dish is choorma (a mixture of crushed roti, suger and ghee) and suji ka halwa. The strange fact is that no one knows about famous rajasthani dish dal baati. Another strange thing is that people do not eat rice. So don't expect curry rice, daal rice, pulav or fried rice and no fancy dishes please.
Condition of women.
Sad to say, condition of women is not very good in this village but they don't complain about it. They are happy in their daily routine like the women in any other village. After marriage they are required to cover their face with a ghoonghat (veil or headscarf). A woman will cover her face from all men to whom she's related by marriage and who are senior to her own husband. This would include for example her husband's father, elder brother and uncles. Generally a pallu (the loose end of a sari) is pulled over the head to act as a ghunghat. A dupatta (long scarf) is also sometimes used as a ghoonghat.
Situation is changing gradually and parents are more serious about the education of their daughters. Sex ratio of 906 females for every 1000 males, and a literacy rate of 68.00% approximately.
Night life.
People sleep at night leaving no scope for night life. They believe in the concept of early to bed, early to rise.
Security.
Generally the village is safe, peace loving people with very low crime rate. In fact you will have a warm welcome out there. People will look at your dress and comment. Do not react to the comments, instead smile and try to be polite and humorous. Girls should not wear revealing or tight clothes to avoid staring eyes.
Padharo Mhare Des.
Most people are friendly in nature. If you say Ram-Ram ( customary greeting when individuals meet) to anyone, they will offer you a cup of tea by default. Visit this place once and you gonna have experience of a lifetime for sure.

</doc>
<doc id="19452769" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19452769" title="Dhaban">
Dhaban

Dhaban is a village in Near Sangariya Hanumangarh district of Rajasthan.
External links.
<br clear=all>

</doc>
<doc id="19452781" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19452781" title="Bram Peper">
Bram Peper

Abraham (Bram) Peper (born 13 February 1940) is a Dutch sociologist and former politician. Peper was Mayor of Rotterdam and Minister of the Interior and Kingdom Relations and is member of the Dutch Labour Party (PvdA).
After finishing the HBS, Peper studied social sciences at the University of Amsterdam until 1965 and economy and sociology at the University of Oslo (1963/1964) and got his PhD at the "Nederlandse Economische Hogeschool" (Currently Erasmus University) in 1972. Peper became researcher, and fulfilled several academic functions, including professor at the Erasmus University until he became Mayor of Rotterdam in 1982 at the age of 42. Rotterdam is the second largest city of The Netherlands, and Peper was one of the youngest mayors of a large city at the time. 
In 1984 an interview with Peper and his wife with Ischa Meijer was published in Vrij Nederland, a Dutch magazine, in which Peper was critical towards citizens and rulers. The interview was perceived as arrogant, and seemed to be made while Peper was in a drunk condition. Peper made his apologies, and soon after he and his wife divorced. 
While Peper was mayor, the city completed its process of rebuilding after World War II, which resulted in a new skyline for Rotterdam. In the second half of his mayorship, Peper had a tough time with for instance his defeat on the formation of a city province (90% of the voters in a referendum were against). Peper was mayor until 1998, when he joined the government as minister of the interior of The Netherlands in the cabinet Kok II.
Starting 1999, rumours were spreading that Peper had made incorrect declarations while he was mayor of Rotterdam. On 13 March 2000 Peper resigned as minister, according to himself to no longer bring problems to the public government, and to be better able to defend himself. Although a report on 17 March suggested that Peper did not act properly regarding the declarations, Peper won the legal procedures finally two years later. 
From 2002 until 2004 Peper was professor at the University Nijenrode, a private university, from which he resigned due to a disagreement regarding a study trip to the European Union in Brussels.

</doc>
<doc id="19452785" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19452785" title="Living Loud (album)">
Living Loud (album)

Living Loud is the self-titled debut album by the hard rock project Living Loud, formed by bass guitarist Bob Daisley and drumer Lee Kerslake in 2003. Both men had previously recorded with Ozzy Osbourne, writing and recording on the "Blizzard of Ozz" and "Diary of a Madman" albums. Australian rock singer Jimmy Barnes and Deep Purple guitarist Steve Morse were also part of the project. Keyboard player Don Airey, who also worked on Osbourne's albums with Kerslake and Daisley, recorded his parts of the album at his home studio in London. Half the songs were originals and half were covers from Osbourne's first two albums, which Kerslake and Daisley had co-written.

</doc>
<doc id="19452789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19452789" title="List of tallest buildings in Ankara">
List of tallest buildings in Ankara

Tallest buildings of Ankara.
List of completed buildings which are higher than 90m, including spires and architectural details. 
Under Construction Tall Buildings of Ankara.
List of under construction buildings which are higher than 90m, including spires and architectural details. Based on floorcounts and floorheights, buildings without official height (including spires and architectural details) are also included as they are estimated to be higher than 90m.

</doc>
<doc id="19452800" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19452800" title="Edward Joseph Renehan, Sr.">
Edward Joseph Renehan, Sr.

Edward Joseph Renehan, Sr. (1893–1953) was an American banker, a supporter Irish independence, and a major benefactor of the American Irish Historical Society.
Biography.
Renehan was born in 1893. In 1934 he became the branch manager of the Corn Exchange Bank in New York City. He was brother-in-law to Tammany Hall leader and congressman James H. Torrens, personally active in Tammany politics, and a first cousin to the politician, attorney and actor Dudley Field Malone. Renehan was noted for his many gifts to St. Patrick's College, Maynooth (County Kildare, Ireland) where his great-uncle, the Rev. Dr. Laurence F. Renehan, 1797–1857, had been President in the 1850s. He was also for many years an officer in the Friendly Sons of St. Patrick and the Ancient Order of Hibernians. As a young man, Renehan served as secretary to Irish American attorney and politician William Bourke Cockran.
He died in 1953.

</doc>
<doc id="19452810" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19452810" title="Mamadou Diabang">
Mamadou Diabang

Mamadou-Lamine Diabang (born 21 January 1979 in Dakar) is a Senegalese former footballer.

</doc>
<doc id="19452812" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19452812" title="Cardiff Philharmonic Orchestra">
Cardiff Philharmonic Orchestra

The Cardiff Philharmonic Orchestra (CPO) is an amateur orchestra based in Cardiff, Wales. The CPO played its first concert in 1982 and has since played over 250 concerts, primarily in Wales but also in England, Switzerland, and France. The CPO plays a wide range of music and appears regularly at Wales' premier concert hall, St. David's Hall.
The conductor of the CPO since its inception is Michael Bell. 
The CPO performed its inaugural concert at St David's Cathedral, Cardiff on Saturday 19 June 1982. Initially the orchestra intended to perform a single concert from which the proceeds were donated to South Glamorgan Community Welfare Trust, a charitable organisation that had agreed to sponsor the concert. However the CPO continues to flourish with a membership from throughout South Wales.
The CPO is recognized as one of Wales's foremost non-professional orchestras, with a reputation for a wide ranging repertoire from film music and light classics to major works usually considered outside the remit or capabilities of an amateur orchestra. These include the first Cardiff performances of Mahler's Third and Sixth Symphonies (at Llandaff Cathedral in June 1984 and June 1985 respectively) and two performances of Stravinsky's The Rite of Spring at St David's Hall, Cardiff (in March 1990 and November 1996).
On 20 June 2008 the CPO undertook what has been the orchestra's most ambitious project to date with a performance of Mahler's Symphony No. 2 at St David's Hall. An orchestra of 116 players, a chorus of 250 singers from South Wales, Bristol, Brittany and Paris, joined with soloists Ros Evans (soprano) and Kate Woolveridge (Mezzo soprano) to give an acclaimed performance of this monumental work.
Other major symphonic works performed by CPO include Richard Strauss's An Alpine Symphony & Don Juan; Mahler's Symphonies 1 & 5; Rachmaninov's Symphony No 2; Bruckner's Symphonies 4 & 8; Vaughan Williams's A London Symphony; Shostakovich's Symphonies 5 & 7 (Leningrad); Sir Arthur Bliss's complete ballet score, Checkmate (Welsh premiere 1985) and Berlioz's Symphonie fantastique. In addition Cardiff Philharmonic Orchestra has performed all four symphonies by Brahms as well as symphonies by Beethoven, Tchaikovsky, Schumann, Borodin, Saint-Saëns and Sibelius.
Cardiff Philharmonic Orchestra appeared at the annual Cardiff Festival of Music from 1987 to the Festival's final season in 1995. In the 1994 Festival, CPO commissioned a work from composer Lynne Plowman. The resulting work, Blue, was given its premiere by CPO at Llandaff Cathedral, and was subsequently performed by the BBC National Orchestra of Wales.
At Easter 1996 CPO undertook its first overseas visit with a three-concert tour of Switzerland, followed by a tour of France in 1998 that culminated with a concert at the Salle Pleyel, Paris's premier concert venue. ITV Wales broadcast a documentary of this tour in July 1998.
In June 2000 Cardiff Philharmonic Orchestra was invited to return to Paris to perform the final concert of the British Millennium Festival. The concert, at the historic Eglise de la Madeline (where Faure's Requiem was first performed), was attended by the British Ambassador and included performances of works by Bach/Stokowski, Faure, Saint-Saëns and Elgar's Symphony No 1.
In July 2007 CPO returned to France, on this occasion to Cardiff's twin city of Nantes, performing two concerts that featured Cardiff-born violinist Sara Trickey in Mendelssohn's Violin Concerto in E minor.
In July 2000 Cardiff Philharmonic Orchestra was invited to perform in the Welsh Proms in Cardiff, and has performed in each subsequent Welsh Proms season with guest resenters such as Brian Blessed, Sarah Jane Honeywell, Aled Jones and Dave Benson Phillips. In July 2006 the Children’s Prom was a bilingual event with narration by Kirsten O'Brien and Branwen Gwyn. The concert was broadcast on S4C.
Since 1997 Cardiff Philharmonic Orchestra has accompanied the finalists in the television broadcast of the biannual Texaco Young Musician of Wales Competition, and in 2000 Texaco became Cardiff Philharmonic Orchestra's sponsor, an association that began with the release of the orchestra's CD, A Night at the Movies.
Cardiff Philharmonic Orchestra was the first non-professional orchestra to perform at St David's Hall, Cardiff in 1983. CPO appears regularly at St David's Hall and since 1998 has performed an annual series of concerts of popular classics and film music.
Soloists with whom CPO has performed at St David's Hall include Sir Geraint Evans, Bryn Terfel, Charlotte Church, Bonnie Tyler and pianist Martin Jones.
Other venues in South Wales at which Cardiff Philharmonic Orchestra has performed in recent years include Llandaff Cathedral, Blackwood Miners Institute, Brecon Cathedral, Maesteg Town Hall, Grand Pavilion, Porthcawl, Folly Farm Theatre and the Gwyn Hall, Neath.
In March 2006 Cardiff Philharmonic Orchestra made its debut at the Wales Millennium Centre with a programme that included a performance of Karl Jenkins’ The Armed Man which was conducted by the composer himself. The orchestra was joined on that occasion by Cor Caerdydd and a distinguished array of soloists including leading British cellist Paul Watkins.
In October 2006 performances by Cardiff Philharmonic Orchestra were broadcast on BBC Radio 3 as part of the BBC's Listen Up! Festival.
Paul Lewis led Cardiff Philharmonic Orchestra for 24 years until October 2006. He was succeeded as leader of the orchestra by Claire Frankcom and the present leader of the orchestra is Jill Francis-Williams.

</doc>
<doc id="19452819" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19452819" title="Walter O. Snelling">
Walter O. Snelling

Walter Otheman Snelling (December 13, 1880September 10, 1965) was a chemist who contributed to the development of explosives and liquefied petroleum gas.
Early career.
Snelling studied at Harvard, Yale and George Washington University. In 1907, he invented an underwater detonator that was credited with saving the U.S. government $500,000/year during the construction of the Panama Canal.
Development of propane as a significant fuel.
Snelling identified propane as a volatile component in gasoline in 1910. Snelling separated "wild gasoline" into liquid and gaseous components. The volatility of these lighter hydrocarbons caused them to be known as "wild" because of the high vapor pressures of unrefined gasoline. On March 31 the "New York Times" reported on Dr. Snelling's work with liquefied gas and that "...a steel bottle will carry enough to light an ordinary home for three weeks."
It was during this time that Snelling, in cooperation with Frank P. Peterson, Chester Kerr and Arthur Kerr, commercialized a method to produce liquefied petroleum gas (mostly propane), establishing American Gasol Co. Analysis of sample of propane that can be traced back to Dr. Snelling has been shown to contain 0.062 mole% methane, 23.44 mole% ethane, 57.366 mole% propane, 7.127 mole% isobutane, 11.957 mole% butane and 0.044 mole% isopentane. In 1913, Snelling sold his propane patent for $50,000 to Frank Phillips, the founder of Phillips Petroleum.
His work was recognized by Franklin Institute through the Edward Longstreth Medal in 1962. He received an honorary doctor of science from Lehigh University.
Personal life.
In 1919, Snelling married Helen Marjorie Gahring (1901–1976) in Union City, Pennsylvania. The Snellings had seven children and lived their entire married lives in Allentown, Pennsylvania. The family purchased a home at the edge of the city's West Park in either 1940 or 1941, and Walter remained there until his death.
One of their sons, Richard Arkwright Snelling, was the Governor of Vermont. Another son, Charles Darwin Snelling, was Chairman of the Board of Directors of the Metropolitan Washington Airports Authority (appointee of the President of the United States), a life Trustee of Cedar Crest College in Allentown, a member of the Propane Education & Research Council and past president of the Pennsylvania Society. He published a short memoir in New York Times columnist David Brooks's blog.
In Popular Culture.
On the animated television series King of the Hill, Hank Hill refers to Snelling as the "father of modern propane."

</doc>
