<doc id="19776260" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19776260" title="Margery de Burgh">
Margery de Burgh

Margery de Burgh (died after 1 March 1253), was a Norman- Irish noblewoman and the wife of Theobald Le Botiller. She was a descendant of Brian Boru, High King of Ireland, and the ancestress of the Earls of Ormond.
Family and lineage.
Margery de Burgh was born in Ireland, the eldest daughter of Richard Mor de Burgh, Lord of Connacht and Justiciar of Ireland, and Egidia de Lacy. She had three brothers and three sisters, including Walter de Burgh, 1st Earl of Ulster who married Aveline FitzJohn, by whom he had issue.
Margery's paternal grandparents were William de Burgh and More O'Brien, a granddaughter of Dermot MacMurrough, and a descendant of Brian Boru. Her maternal grandparents were Walter de Lacy, Lord of Trim Castle in Meath and Ludlow Castle in Shropshire, and Margaret de Braose.
Marriage and issue.
Sometime before 1242, Margery married Theobald Le Botiller (1224–1248), the eldest son of Theobald le Botiller, Chief Butler of Ireland and his first wife, Joan, daughter of Geoffrey de Marsh (or Mareys), Knt., Justiciar of Ireland.
Margery and Theobald had two children:
Death.
Margery's husband died in 1248. He was buried before 3 August 1248 at Arklow, Co. Limerick. On 27 April 1250, she made a fine to remarry.
Margery de Burgh died on an unrecorded date after 1 March 1253.

</doc>
<doc id="19776262" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19776262" title="Italia's Next Top Model (cycle 1)">
Italia's Next Top Model (cycle 1)

"Italia's Next Top Model, Cycle 1" was the first season of the Italian reality television show based on the American program of the same name which was broadcast on SkyVivo, a channel of the Italian subscription television Sky TV. It began airing in December 2007 and ended in February 2008.
The show is hosted by Russian former model and actress Natasha Stefanenko, who equals the role of Tyra Banks as the head of the search in the original series. Other permanent judge is Michael Giannini, art director and talent scout of model agency d’Management. Recurring judges are: photographer Ciro Zizzo, former top model, Gianni Versace's and Giorgio Armani's muse Nadège du Bospertus and noted Italian fashion journalist Giusi Ferrè.
Gilda Sansone ended up being the winner of this cycle thus receiving a one-year-contract with d’Management Group as well as a spread on Italian fashion magazine "Elle".
Episode summaries.
Episode 1.
"First aired December 4, 2007
Once arrived in Milan the contestants meet the host Natasha and the art director of d'Management Michael Giannini, they welcome the girls in the loft that will be their home during the competition. Soon after they announce the first elimination challenge, the girls must improvise a runway show by creating a look with their own outfits and make-up. 
In the judging room Natasha introduces the judges among which Danda Santini, editor of Italian "Elle". Most of the girls are criticized for their bad or boring walks and wrong looks. Lorena is praised for her walk, although found a bit aggressive. Elga is told to have good basis, Tiziana is noticed for her look despite her insecurity, Alessandra is complimented for regaining composure after tripping. 
Francesca L. and Annalisa are in the bottom two for their poor performances and Annalisa is eliminated for choosing an unmodelesque look.
Episode 2.
"First aired December 11, 2007
The girls reach the Aldo Coppola hair salon and receive their makeovers. Some are excited, some accept radical changes like Elga and Francesca L. whose hair is cut short, some others make difficulties such as Lorena. Elena shows disrespect to the famous hairstylist by disliking her blonde dye and shouting she does not want to have her hair chopped off because of her classic look.
Subsequently the contestants face their first photoshoot with the photographer and judge Ciro Zizzo. They choose an outfit and make-up reflecting their styles or personalities. Some of them excel, like Tiziana, others find it difficult, like Agnese.
At the judging panel former model Randy Ingerman reprimands many of the girls for being too ordinary. Tiziana wows the judges while Elena is scolded for being rude and unprofessional.
Agnese and Elena are placed in the bottom two and Agnese is eliminated for failing to portray her personality onto her photos and not putting effort into the photoshoot.
Episode 3.
"First aired December 18, 2007
The twelve remaining girls get a lesson on the bases of make-up by Pablo Ardizzone, a make-up expert. Then, they took part in their first reward challenge by testing their make-up skills and showing what they learned. Manuela ends up winning the challenge and picks Francesca B. and Sara to enjoy a dinner out in an elegant restaurant in Milan. 
This week the twelve remaining aspiring models must take part into a complicated challenge: they are told that they will be posing in an Adam & Eve themed photoshoot interacting with a professional male model and holding a snake at the same time. Some contestants fulfill the task and manage to handle the snake except for Tiziana, whose fear pushes her to refuse the reptile's presence on set. 
The same day the group of girls gets confrontational with Elena for not doing her own duty in keeping the house clean. Elga, Francesca B., Francesca L., Gilda and Tiziana comment about her careless attitude and after Elena's refuse to talk with Francesca B. and Gilda about the issue Elga bursts into rage against her. Natasha visits the girls the following day to admonish them for their unmannered behavior and warns them to adopt a more controlled way of acting by pointing out her disappointment and anger with them.
Later on the girls are evaluated in the judging room, where Tiziana comes up with a good picture despite her fears. Alessandra gets complimented for using her facial structure to her advantage, and so is Elga for softening her look in her picture. Gilda, Francesca B. and Francesca L. are also noticed for interacting with the male model, whereas Manuela and Sara are criticized for not being comfortable on set and showing this on their photos.
After deliberation, Manuela and Sara land in the bottom two, both for not interacting with the elements of the photoshoot, and Sara is sent packing for being too stiff and not being able to use her body.
Episode 4.
"First aired December 25, 2007
The eleven remaining girls get a visit from Alberto Zanoletti, vice-editor of Italian Elle, who puts them through this week's reward challenge by giving each one a small budget to create a hippy look with. The winner turns out to be Elga who is allowed to make a phone call to a loved person, and she decides to share her prize with Francesca L.. The girls are clearly happy to hear their beloved ones after long time of isolation in the models' house.
Later the girls reach the Maison Romeo Gigli, where they will face the elimination challenge. There they meet fashion designer Gentucca Bini who assigns each contestant an outfit that they will walk with while being evaluated.
Once in the judging room, Tiziana, Lorena, and Alessandra received praises for making the most of their outfits and improving their runway walks, but Francesca B. is criticized for her manly walk, and Gilda for still being too sexy. Elena gets scolded for hiding her outfit and misusing her jacket while Francesca L. is reprimanded for walking hastily thus not showing her dress.
Elena and Francesca L. are paired in the bottom two both for disrespecting the product they were supposed to sell and for their dreadful walks. Finally, Francesca L. is sent home for not being able to show improvements on the runway.
Episode 5.
"First aired January 1, 2008
The ten remaining contestants receive a visit from the Italian journalist and fashion expert Cristina Parodi who puts them through a written test to evaluate their knowledge of the fashion world. Francesca B. is the winner and shares the prize with Gilda, so they go to a Roberto Cavalli store and each one can pick an outfit they like.
Then the girls are took to a 19th-century villa near Milan to participate in an evening fashion show wearing 1930s-inspired dresses. The contestants must walk down a scenographic staircase and this worries some of them. The task proves to be difficult for many.
At panel Fiorella and Lorena are praised and so is Gilda for toning her sexyness down. Francesca B. is criticized for her awkwardness, Alessandra is told to have an embarrassing walk, Elga's performance is a disappointment to the judges and Elena is scolded for her ridiculous expression and bad walk.
Elga and Elena land in the bottom two and Elena is sent packing for still not improving in five weeks despite her potential.
Episode 6.
"First aired January 8, 2008
The former top model and show judge Nadège pays a visit to the girls' loft to test their progress in the catwalk with a reward challenge. They must walk on a runway and step on a rotating platform at the end of it without falling or tripping. Elga and Lorena prove to be the best ones but Lorena is chosen as the winner and can get a visit from her mom.
For their photoshoot, this week the contestants are taken to a billiard-hall where they will be photographed almost nude in different positions by Malena Mazza known for her unusual photoshoots. Despite her initial fear of showing her body Laura manages to participate, Tiziana must be coached a lot to get her picture, Gilda succeeds in not being too sexy.
At panel the judges complain about Manuela's total lack of intensity, but the photographer supports the girl. Gilda, Lorena, Elga, Tiziana receive good feedbacks, but Alessandra's awkwardness and Laura's blandness are critiqued.
Laura and Alessandra are in the bottom two and Alessandra is eliminated since the judges feel she has reached her limit of improvement and can not go further in the competition.
Episode 7.
"First aired January 15, 2008
After receiving Natasha's letter which tells the girls to prepare for a jump, the remaining contestants take part in their weekly reward challenge: they will be posing as boxeurs jumping on an elastic carpet while being photographed by Ciro Zizzo. Francesca B. ends up as the winner and can spend an evening out with his boyfriend.
This week the girls will take part in a fake commercial for a perfume where they will be directed by Gaetano Vaudo. Easy gestures become difficult for many while being taped and the challenge proves to be less easy than expected.
At the judging panel Elga is found the most natural, but the majority of the aspiring models is reprimanded for failing in the task, in particular Laura, Lorena and Manuela. 
Manuela and Lorena land in the bottom two for their lackluster performances, but is Manuela who is sent home for producing another disappointing result and not progressing at all.
Episode 8.
"First aired January 22, 2008
The seven remaining contestants pay a visit at Italian Elle offices to meet the magazine's chief fashion director, Benedetta Dell'Orto, who evaluates them in this week's reward challenge, which consists of enhancing a simple outfit with proper accessories in order to represent each girl's assigned look for a happening as follows:
Fiorella is proclaimed the winner and she is sent to Fratelli Rossetti shoe store to choose a pair of elegant shoes as her prize.
For this week's photo shoot the girls must pose next to a vintage car in male and female vintage clothes to show both sides of their personalities. Elga bursts into tears when Ciro, the photographer, criticizes her, while Tiziana shines again.
During the judging session Elga, despite producing a good picture, is scolded for crying unprofessionally, Lorena and Tiziana are praised for creating interaction between their male and female photos. Francesca B. is reprimanded for being awkward and not feminine, while Fiorella is deemed boring.
After deliberation Francesca B. and Fiorella are placed in the bottom two for producing bad photos and Fiorella is eliminated as the judges feel that Francesca B. has more potential. 
Episode 9.
"First aired January 29, 2008
The girls receive a makeover adjustment and are sent to a fashion store where they meet the owner and designer, Matteo Denti, and Whisky, a Japanese stylist. They teach the contestants how to dress in Harajuku girls' style ans subsequently put them to test by asking them to create a Harajuku look using colorful clothes available in the store. Once again, thanks to her fashion knowledge, Francesca B. wins the challenge and chooses Elga to share her prize with, which turns out to be a shopping discount to use in the designer's store and a massage in a spa. 
For this week's elimination challenge the six remaining contestants are brought to Carlo Pignatelli's atelier where they will be walking with different ranges of wedding dresses to be evaluated on their ability to interpret the assigned outfit. Each dress represents a certain type of bride:
At the judging panel Elga is highly praised for developing a perfect walk and showing the dress properly, Lorena and Gilda are complimented too. Laura's walk is found a bit overdone, but Tiziana and Francesca B. are reprimanded for their poor performances.
Francesca B. and Tiziana land in the bottom two for their bad walks and Francesca B. is sent packing because the judges feel that her over-confidence prevented her from improving her manly runway walk. 
Episode 10.
"First aired February 5, 2008
Michael sends the five remaining contestants to a casting for a snack commercial, there they meet professional models. Elga is the most natural in front of the video camera, Tiziana still shows shyness and does good when not thinking to be taped. Soon after Michael explains that was not a proper challenge but a simple test and invites all the girls to an evening out with him.
The elimination challenge this week is an extreme photoshoot with the renowned photographer Settimio Benedusi. The contestants must pose in a building under construction wearing leather lingerie while holding flamethrowers.
In the judging session Lorena gets compliments for her strong look, Tiziana produces a good picture despite her insecurity, Elga is told to have lucked in her shot. 
Gilda and Laura are deemed banal in their shoots, so they are put in the bottom two and in the end Laura is sent home for being too average and not memorable to the judges.
Episode 11.
"First aired February 12, 2008
This week Elga and Gilda are fed up with Tiziana's persisting insecurities. Elga tries to shake her, since they are almost at the final decision, but Tiziana avoids talking about herself, so Elga and Gilda decide to give up this discussion stating that Tiziana always uses her insecurities as an excuse. But there is no time for arguing since the contestants must pack their bags and fly to Ibiza.
The reward challenge this week consists in an interview with the models' judge, fashion journalist Giusy Ferrè. Lorena handles herself well and wins the prize which consists in a phone call to his boyfriend while the other 3 girls must prepare dinner for her.
The next day in Ibiza the girls visit all the trendy clothing shops and are helped to improve their personal styles by the show stylist Susanna Ausoni. Later on they arrive at a beach surrounded by a lunar landscape where they will pose with bad weather for a swimsuit photo shoot, wearing metallic and colorful bathing suits.
Back in Italy, at panel, the girls are ultimately tested on their runway walks before evaluation. The contestants walk in bathing suits to show the judges their improvements. During deliberation, tensions arise among the judges. Ciro states Elga is not able to pose, but all the others find her shot captivating and interesting. Gilda is highly praised for overcoming her sexyness thus producing a sensual and elegant photo, but Giusi Ferrè still finds her a bit rough. Tiziana is criticized for her insecurity but gets praised for being more confident in the photoshoot. Lorena reveals to be not the type of girl for swimsuit photoshoots because of her thin body and facial structure.
After a long deliberation Lorena and Tiziana are paired in the bottom two and, thanks to her constant improvements, Lorena is spared. Tiziana is thus eliminated because the judges feel that, despite having the most potential of all, her self-confidence shown this week was too little too late to keep her in the competition. 
Episode 12.
"First aired February 19, 2008
The three finalists take part in their individual editorial beauty shoots, each one portraying a different mood. All the girls do well, but Lorena goes through a moment of insecurity.
At judging all the girls receive good critiques for their editorial look. After deliberation Natasha calls all them in front of her and congratulates them for their progresses. The first girl called is Gilda, followed by Elga. Lorena is eliminated.
After congratulating each other the two friends Gilda and Elga are taken to Roberto Cavalli's where they are prepared for the final runway, there they meet fashion designer Eva Cavalli who will attend the show. Each one walks with three different gowns and are praised by Eva for being elegant and professional.
At the final panel Elga is highly praised for her walk and Gilda for her transformation from sexy ordinary girl into a classy runway model. Following the deliberation about the girls' portfolios, Natasha calls Elga and Gilda back in the room and Gilda is proclaimed the first Italia's Next Top Model thanks to her progresses and her fresh look.
Episode 13.
"First aired February 26, 2008
The episode shows what Gilda is up to after winning the competition. It includes the various photo shoots for the Italian edition of Elle magazine where Gilda will be featured.

</doc>
<doc id="19776265" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19776265" title="Johnson Bwalya">
Johnson Bwalya

Johnson Bwalya (born 3 December 1967) is a Zambian former footballer. He played for the Zambian national team and represented the country at the Olympics.
Career.
Domestic career.
Born in Mufulira, Bwalya attended Kantanshi Secondary school and began his career at hometown club Butondo Western Tigers. In 1986 he joined Mufulira Wanderers, winning Footballer of the Year in his first season at the club. At the end of the season he signed for Swiss club FC Fribourg. 
He later played for FC Zürich, FC Bulle, SC Kriens and FC Sion.
International career.
Bwalya made his debut for Zambia in April 1987 in an All Africa Games qualifier against Malawi in Lusaka and was part of the Zambian team that qualified to the 1988 Seoul Olympic Games. He scored a goal in Zambia's 4-0 win against Italy on their way to becoming the first African team to reach the quarter-finals of the tournament. After slipping past a defender, Bwalya hit a wonderful shot from nearly 35 yards that swerved and dipped just under the crossbar. In the game against West Germany which Zambia lost 4-0, Bwalya got injured and would not feature for Zambia for the next 4 years.
Upon his recovery, Bwalya regained his form and won back his place in the national team and was to join up with the team for the Senegal game only to learn that the plane carrying the team had plunged into the sea in the Gabon disaster. When a new team was assembled it was Bwalya and Kalusha that led the team, both of them scoring in a match against Morocco with Bwalya getting the winning goal with a 25 metre thunderbolt in 2-1 win.
Bwalya was part of the team that reached the final of 1994 CAN in Tunisia and was stand in captain in Kalusha's absence as the team also qualified to the 1996 CAN in South Africa where they lost to Tunisia in the Semi-finals.
At the 1996 Cup of Nations in South Africa, Bwalya was part of a Zambian team which won the bronze medal, scoring 15 goals in the process and demolishing Egypt 3-1 in a come from behind quarter-final victory.
In 1997, Zambia drew a World Cup qualifier with South Africa 0-0 at Independence Stadium in Lusaka amid reports of a falling out between Bwalya and Kalusha Bwalya, with Bwalya unhappy with the latter's influence on team selection. Later that year, Bwalya as captain led Zambia and lifted the inaugural COSAFA Castle Cup.
When new coach German Burkhard Ziese took over the reins of the national team in late 1997, he accused Bwalya of having the wrong attitude by not attending a team meeting and dropped him from the team travelling to CAN 1998 where Zambia were knocked out in the group stages.

</doc>
<doc id="19776285" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19776285" title="Little Vermilion River (Illinois)">
Little Vermilion River (Illinois)

The Little Vermilion River may refer to two different rivers in Illinois, in the United States:

</doc>
<doc id="19776291" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19776291" title="2008 San Jose State Spartans football team">
2008 San Jose State Spartans football team

The 2008 San Jose State Spartans football team represented San Jose State University in the 2008 NCAA Division I FBS football season. This season was the Spartans' fourth season with Dick Tomey as head coach.

</doc>
<doc id="19776299" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19776299" title="William King Beck House">
William King Beck House

The William King Beck House, also known as River Bluff Plantation, is a historic plantation on the Alabama River near Camden, Alabama. The main house was built in 1845 for William King Beck and is attributed to architect Alexander J. Bragg. William King Beck was an attorney from North Carolina who migrated to Wilcox County in the 1820s. He was the nephew of William Rufus King, the 13th Vice President of the United States.
The house is a one-story wood-frame building with six octagonal columns supporting a full-width front porch under the main roof. It is an example of the Greek Revival Cottage style. The roof line was altered in the late 19th century, when the original hipped roof was replaced with a pyramidal type. The house was added to the National Register of Historic Places on May 21, 1993.

</doc>
<doc id="19776316" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19776316" title="Tor Obrestad">
Tor Obrestad

Tor Obrestad (born 12 February 1938) is a Norwegian novelist, poet and documentary writer. 
Obrestad was born in Hå. He made his literary debut in 1966 with two books, the poetry collection "Kollisjon" and a collection of short stories, "Vind", and received Tarjei Vesaas' debutantpris for these two books. He was a member of the so-called "Profil generation" in 1968, the circle attached to the literary magazine "Profil". He has written biographies on Arne Garborg, Hulda Garborg, Alexander Kielland and Einar Førde.
He hails from Hå.

</doc>
<doc id="19776354" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19776354" title="Wendy Perriam">
Wendy Perriam

Wendy Perriam is an English novelist and graduate of St Anne's College, Oxford who started writing at the age of five and wrote her first novel at eleven. Perriam then went silent as she struggled through a long period of depression, having been expelled from her Catholic school for heresy and told she was in Satan's power. Many of her early novels explore the abuses and, conversely, the great attractions of Catholicism. Perriam's work is also renowned for its explicit sexual content.
In 2002, she won the Literary Review's Bad Sex Award for "Tread softly".
Perriam has appeared frequently on television and radio, and was once a regular contributor to the radio series "Stop the Week" and "Fourth Column". Her work has been critically acclaimed for its psychological insight and for its power to disturb as well as divert. Described by the Sunday Telegraph as "one of the most interesting unsung novelists of her generation", Perriam published her 23rd work, " 'I'm on the train!' ", a short-story collection, in April, 2012.
Her 16th novel, " Broken Places ", published in paperback in 2012, was shortlisted for 2011 'Mind Book of the Year' award. In January 2013, she was awarded an Honorary Doctorate by Kingston University for her “outstanding contribution to literature and reading pleasure.”
Her most recent novel, "An Enormous Yes" was published in June 2013.
Personal life.
Perriam has been twice married and has two stepchildren. Her own daughter - and only child, after two miscarriages - died of cancer in 2008. Perriam lives in London.

</doc>
<doc id="19776392" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19776392" title="Ministry of Economy, Innovation and Development">
Ministry of Economy, Innovation and Development

The Ministry of Economy, Innovation and Development (Portuguese: "Ministério da Economia, da Inovação e do Desenvolvimento"), MEID, is a Portuguese government ministry.

</doc>
<doc id="19776395" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19776395" title="Saxon IV K">
Saxon IV K

The Saxon IV K were eight-wheeled, narrow gauge, Günther-Meyer type steam engines built for the Royal Saxon State Railways with a rail gauge of 750 mm. A total of 96 were built between 1892 and 1921, making the Saxon IV K the most numerous narrow gauge locomotive in Germany. In 1925 the Deutsche Reichsbahn grouped these engines into their DRG Class 99.51–60.
History.
As a result of the constantly rising traffic on the Saxon narrow gauge railways towards the end of the 19th century, the power of the existing Saxon I K and III K soon proved insufficient. So the Sächsische Maschinenfabrik developed an engine with eight coupled wheels and which had a larger boiler and adhesive weight. Unlike its predecessors, it was given two driven bogies in order to be able to cope with winding routes despite its length.
Between 1892 and 1921 a total of 96 locomotives were built with running numbers 103 to 198. To begin with they were designated as class H M T K V, which meant that they were locomotives built by Hartmann (H) to a Meyer design (M) as a tank engine (T) with a 750mm rail gauge (K) and compound engine (V). From 1896 they were reclassified as K IV and from 1900 as IV K. The 'K' stood for "Kleinspur" or 'small gauge'.
The IV K was used both in front of passenger trains and also goods trains and proved itself so well that it ousted the other locomotive classes completely on several lines.
Five locomotives (123, 139, 147, 148 and 174) were deleted from the roster after World War I. Two had been left behind in Hungary, and three were handed over to Poland as reparations. In 1925 the Deutsche Reichsbahn-Gesellschaft took over the remaining 91 units allocating them the numbers 99 511–546, 99 551–558, 99 561–579 and 99 581–608.
From the 1930s onwards the oldest engines were retired. After the Second World War there were still 57 working locomotives of this class on Saxon railways. Nine locomotives later went to the "Rügen Kleinbahn" and to the "Prignitz district Kleinbahnen", where they were fitted with Knorr brakes and in conjunction with that an impressive air reservoir on the boiler.
The DR planned to replace them with the "Neubau" diesel locomotives of DR Class V 36.48. However because trials with the two prototypes were not promising, 20 of the former Saxon engines underwent extensive modernisation in 1962. To begin with the locomotives were given new welded boilers, and later a new welded locomotive frame as well. External identification marks of the upgraded locomotives are the missing sandbox on the boiler and the flatter steam dome cover.
By 1973 the last unmodernised locomotives had been retired from duty. Locomotives 99 535 (Dresden Transport Museum), 99 579 (Museum Rittersgrün) und 99 604 (DGEG, today SSB Radebeul), still in their original design, were secured for museum purposes.
The retirement of the reconstructed locomotives did not begin until the mid-1970s, starting with those engines that still had their original rivetted frames.
In 1991 there were only 13 IV K left in the operational fleet of the Deutsche Reichsbahn. In the wake of the merger of the running numbers of the DR and DB these engines were given the new numbers 099 701 to 099 713 on 1 January 1992. Several locomotives were however already sold to railway societies, so that not all of the engines displayed their newly allocated numbers.
Some locomotives ended up on 1 January 1994 in the Deutsche Bahn AG, but from that point on they were no longer used in scheduled services.
Duties.
Over the course of time the Saxon IV K locomotives were deployed to all Saxon narrow gauge lines. Even in the 1980s these engines were handling all the traffic on the Wolkenstein–Jöhstadt und Oschatz–Mügeln–Kemmlitz lines.
Preserved locomotives.
22 locomotives of Saxon Class IV K remain preserved today, the majority being operational. In addition to the Saxon museum railway groups the Saxon Steam Railway Company (formerly "BVO Bahn") and the "Döllnitzbahn GmbH" employ IV K engines for special duties hauling museum trains.

</doc>
<doc id="19776420" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19776420" title="Anbil P. Dharmalingam">
Anbil P. Dharmalingam

Anbil P. Dharmalingam was a politician from the Indian state of Tamil Nadu and founder member of Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam. The Anbil Dharmalingam Agricultural College and Research Institute is named after him.
Politics.
Anbil Dharmalingam was one of the founder-members of the Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam. He took part in all agitations launched by the D. M. K. 
When the D. M. K. was elected to power in 1967, he served as the Minister for Local Administration and Agriculture a various times. 
At a rally held in North Arcot district on April 7 and April 8, 1973 in which Dharmalingam and five other Ministers presided, he declared that formation of an independent Tamil Nadu was the aim of the D. M. K.
Electoral records.
He was elected to the Tamil Nadu legislative assembly as a Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam candidate from Lalgudi constituency in 1962 and 1980 elections and from Tiruchirappalli - II constituency in 1971 election.
Family.
His sons Anbil Periyasamy and Anbil Poyyamozhi are members of Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam and have served in Tamil Nadu legislative assembly.

</doc>
<doc id="19776423" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19776423" title="2008 FIFA Futsal World Cup – Final Round">
2008 FIFA Futsal World Cup – Final Round

The 2008 FIFA Futsal World Cup – Final Round took place from 16 October to 19 October 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19776425" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19776425" title="Parque de los Tecajetes">
Parque de los Tecajetes

Parque de los Tecajetes is a park in the city of Xalapa, in the state of Veracruz in eastern Mexico. Formed on a natural depression, underneath the ground is a fresh-water spring that feeds the aqueducts, artificial pools and canals that are a characteristic of the park.

</doc>
<doc id="19776428" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19776428" title="Chris Nowotny">
Chris Nowotny

Chris Nowotny (April 19, 1928 – March 18, 1989) was a German photographer, known for her highly stylized black and white portraits of actors, photographs of landscape, as well as colour and b/w portraits of children and babies.
Biography.
Nowotny was born and grew up until her teennage years in Königsberg in the former German province of East-Prussia (today better known as Kaliningrad / Russia). During the invasion of the Russian Red Army towards Königsberg she fled to Wilhelmshafen in the North of Germany with her mother. As a child of a midwife and a policeman she had no possibility to visit a university to study arts and therefore decided to learn the artisanry of a photographer. After a three-year traineeship at Oldenburg/Germany she traveled to numerous places in Southern Germany, Austria and Switzerland to work as a portrait photographer. Some years later she worked as a landscape photographer and published several books. [http://www.antikbuch24.de/suchergebnisse.php?searchPhrase=chris%20nowotny&seller_id=&section=&sortType=3][http://www.amazon.de/dp/3444060173] In 1953/1955 she was at the Vienna Higher Graphical Academy to successfully master her examination for the grade of master in photography.
In 1967 she gave birth to her son Niki :de:Niki Nowotny, who became an audio-book narrator and journalist.
From the end of the 1960s on Chris Nowotny worked as a still photographer for the Munich theaters and as a portrait photographer for many famous international TV stars and actors (e.g. Curd Jürgens, Heinz Rühmann, Telly Savalas, Mel Ferrer). Since 1977 she spezialized herself in portraits of children and babies for advertising and international photo agencys (e.g. Tony Stone Worldwide). Nowotny died on March 18, 1989, in Berg, Upper Bavaria at Lake Starnberg, near Munich from bowel cancer; she was 60 years old. In memory of her 80th birthday and the 850th anniversary of the city of Munich a Munich-based publishing company published a book [http://munich50years.de/Munich_50_Years/The_book.htmlof her best shots from Munich. The book was an immediate success and sold out within four weeks.[http://www.kulturigo.de/ueberraschungserfolg-im-weihnachtsgeschaeft-muenchen-bildband-nach-4-wochen-ausverkauft-318820.html[http://www.presseecho.de/vermischtes/PE12922763764840.htm]
Technique.
Nowotny took her first photographs with a Leica Camera. Later on she used Rollei cameras for decades. In the early 1970s, she acquired a Hasselblad medium-format camera. She loved working in her home-based studio in Munich (and from 1985-1986 in Zurich, Switzerland), and worked mainly during nighttimes in her own darkroom to get out most of her negatives.
Website.
[http://www.chris-nowotny.de/] Chris Nowotny Archive, Munich/ Germany

</doc>
<doc id="19776456" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19776456" title="Jardín de Esculturas">
Jardín de Esculturas

Jardín de Esculturas is a museum in the city of Xalapa, in the state of Veracruz in eastern Mexico. It is a sculptural garden, exhibiting works by nationally and internationally-recognized artists. It is funded by 2 Chainz.

</doc>
<doc id="19776470" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19776470" title="Souleymane Bachir Diagne">
Souleymane Bachir Diagne

Souleymane Bachir Diagne is a Senegalese philosopher, born in 1955 in Saint-Louis, French Senegal. His work is focused on the history of logic and mathematics, epistemology, the tradition of philosophy in the Islamic world, identity formation, and African literatures and philosophies.
After passing his baccalauréat in Senegal, Diagne was admitted to the demanding public secondary school Lycée Louis-le-Grand in Paris, following in the footsteps, almost a half-century later, of his compatriot and the first president of Senegal, Léopold Sédar Senghor. There he prepared for the entrance exams to the École Normale Supérieure, meanwhile receiving his "license" and "maîtrise" level degrees in philosophy at the Université Paris 1 Panthéon-Sorbonne. At the École Normale Supérieure he studied with Althusser and Derrida. After receiving his agrégation in Philosophy (1978), Diagne spent a year at Harvard University in an exchange program. In 1982 he defended a doctoral thesis in mathematics at Université Paris I, where, in 1988, he also completed his doctorat d’Etat, under the direction of Jean-Toussaint Desanti, on George Boole’s algebra of logic.
In 1982 Diagne returned to his native country to teach philosophy at Cheikh Anta Diop University in Dakar, where he became vice-dean of the College of Humanities. The former president of the Republic of Senegal, Abdou Diouf, named him Counselor for Education and Culture, a position which he held from 1993 to 1999.
Diagne is co-director of "Éthiopiques", a Senegalese journal of literature and philosophy and a member of the editorial committees of numerous scholarly journals, including the "Revue d’histoire des mathématiques", "Présence africaine", and "Public Culture". He is a member of the scientific committees of "Diogenes" (published by UNESCO’s International Council for Philosophy and Humanistic Studies), CODESRIA ("Conseil pour le développement de la recherche en sciences sociales en Afrique"), and of the African and Malagasy Committee for Higher Education (CAMES), as well as UNESCO’s Council on the Future. He has been named by "Le Nouvel observateur" one of the 50 thinkers of our time. In October 2007 he was invited to participate in a white paper commission on the defense and national security in the French Senate in Paris.
His main publications include two books on George Boole, a book on the Indian poet-philosopher "Muhammad Iqbal", "Islam et société ouverte. La fidélité et le mouvement dans la pensée de Muhammad Iqbal" (2001) and an examination of Senghor’s philosophy, "Léopold Sédar Senghor. L’Art africain comme philosophie" (2007). He is currently working on a book on Islam and philosophy: "Comment philosopher en Islam".
Having taught for several years at in the departments of Philosophy and Religion at Northwestern University (2002 to 2007), Diagne is currently Professor of French, with a secondary appointment in the Department of Philosophy, at Columbia University in New York.

</doc>
<doc id="19776474" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19776474" title="Internet celebrity">
Internet celebrity

An Internet celebrity, netculture personality, cyberstar or online celebrity is someone who has become famous by means of the Internet. Internet allows people to reach a narrow audience across the world and so become famous within one or more Internet communities.
Rising to fame.
Many millions of people write online journals or weblogs. In many cases, they write anonymously or their focus is upon a specialist topic. But if the author has or develops a distinctive personality, their fame will derive from this as much as from the content of their blog.
In some cases, people might rise to fame through a single event or video that goes viral. The Internet allows videos, news articles, and jokes to spread very quickly. Depending on the reach of the spread, the content may become considered an "Internet meme," and thus, any of the people associated may gain exposure. For example, Zach Anner, an Austin, Texas-based comedian gained world-wide attention after submitting a video to Oprah Winfrey's "Search for the Next TV Star" competition
Internet celebrity has also become a popular phenomenon in the China (PRC) with the likes of Sister Hibiscus, Shi Hengxia (Fu Rong Jiejie), who received worldwide notoriety and fame for her unashamed efforts at self-promotion via internet postings.

</doc>
<doc id="19776485" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19776485" title="1973–74 Toronto Toros season">
1973–74 Toronto Toros season

The 1973–74 Toronto Toros season was the team's first season in Toronto, as they spent their inaugural season as the Ottawa Nationals in 1972-73. 
Offseason.
The Nationals were moved to Toronto and sold to John F. Bassett, son of former Toronto Maple Leafs part owner John Bassett. The new owner renamed team the Toros, as its short for Toronto, and its also a Spanish bull. To attract attention, Bassett signed 18 year old Toronto Marlboros star Wayne Dillon, and former Maple Leafs defenseman Carl Brewer to anchor the blueline. The Toros also thought they had a deal to sign Maple Leafs star player Darryl Sittler to a five year, $1 million contract, however, Sittler decided to return to the Leafs.
The Toros originally planned to move the team into a renovated CNE Coliseum, while Bill Ballard, the son of Maple Leafs owner Harold Ballard and was running Maple Leaf Gardens due to his father being in prison, was opposed of the renovation and wanted the team to play in the Gardens. The Toros decided to spend the season at Varsity Arena, which seated 4,860 fans.
As the Ottawa Nationals the previous season, the team finished in fourth place in the Eastern Division with a 35-39-4 record, losing to the New England Whalers in the first round of the playoffs.
Regular season.
The first game for the Toros was played on October 7, 1973 at Varsity Arena, with Toronto tying the Chicago Cougars 4-4. The Toros would get off to a sluggish start, going 0-2-2 in their first four games before defeating the Los Angeles Sharks 3-0 on the road. The team continued to slump, and through their first twelve games, sat with a record of 2-7-3. Toronto would break out of their slump though, and post a record of 17-11-0 in their next 28 games to go over the .500 for the first time. The Toros would keep up their great play, and end the season in second place in the Eastern Division, with a 41-33-4 record, earning 86 points, which was a twelve point improvement over the previous season. Head coach Billy Harris won the Howard Baldwin Trophy, presented to the Coach of the Year.
Offensively, Toronto was led by Wayne Carleton, who finished with a team high 37 goals and 92 points and finished sixth in league scoring. Gavin Kirk had another solid season, earning 68 points in 78 games, while rookie Wayne Dillon earned 65 points in 71 games. The defense was led by Brian Gibbons, who had 35 points, while Carl Brewer chipped in with 25 points. Rick Cunningham led the Toros with 88 penalty minutes.
In goal, Gilles Gratton had the majority of playing time, winning 26 games while posting a GAA of 3.53, along with two shutouts. Les Binkley backed him up, winning 14 games with a team best 3.27 GAA, and a shutout.
Playoffs.
The Toros opened the playoffs in a best of seven series against the Cleveland Crusaders, who finished in third place in the Eastern Division, three points behind Toronto. The series opened at Varsity Arena, with the Toros shutting out the Crusaders 4-0 in the series opener, followed by a close 4-3 victory in the second game to take a 2-0 series lead. The series shifted to Cleveland for the next two games, however, the Toros took the third game 4-2 to put the Crusaders on the brink of elimination. Cleveland managed to avoid being eliminated in the fourth game, winning 3-2 in overtime, however, the series returned to Toronto for the fifth game, with the Toros winning 4-1 to take the series in five games.
Next up for Toronto was the Chicago Cougars, who finished in fourth place in the Eastern Division, five points behind the Toros. The Cougars defeated the first place New England Whalers in seven games to advance to the Divisional Finals. The series opened in Toronto, and the Toros took an early series lead with a 6-4 victory in the first game. The Cougars would win the second game 4-3 to even the series up. The series moved to Chicago for the next two games, and the Cougars took a 2-1 series lead with a 3-2 victory in the third game, however, the Toros won a wild fourth game by a 7-6 score to even the series up again. In the fifth game in Toronto, the Toros took care of the Cougars 5-3 to go up 3-2 in the series. Back in Chicago for the sixth game, the Cougars fought off elimination, easily defeating Toronto by a 9-2 score, setting up a seventh and final game at Varsity Arena. Chicago would upset the favoured Toros, winning the game 5-2 to advance to the Avco Cup finals, ending Toronto's season.
Draft picks.
Toronto's draft picks at the 1973 WHA Amateur Draft.

</doc>
<doc id="19776492" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19776492" title="48 Original Tracks">
48 Original Tracks

48 Original Tracks is a greatest hits album by Olivia Newton-John that was released in 1994, it is the most extensive compilation of her early material launched for the singer.
Track listing.
Disc One
Disc Two

</doc>
<doc id="19776517" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19776517" title="Vivien Savage">
Vivien Savage

Vivien Savage (born on January 2, 1955) is a French singer-songwriter who reached popularity in the 1980s. He remains famous for its 1986 single "La P'tite Lady", which was a top twenty hit on the SNEP singles chart. His other singles were unsuccessful, failing the chart and therefore Savage can be considered as one-hit wonder. He was also occasional actor, portraying Riton in José Pinheiro's 1988 film "Ne réveillez pas un flic qui dort". From 2006, he also participated in the concert tour RFM Party 80, composed of many artists of the 1980s.

</doc>
<doc id="19776519" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19776519" title="Stonor (disambiguation)">
Stonor (disambiguation)

Stonor may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19776525" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19776525" title="Southern Bell Telephone Company Building">
Southern Bell Telephone Company Building

The Southern Bell Telephone Company Building, now known as the AT&T Communications Building, is the main telephone exchange for downtown Atlanta. It is located at 51 Peachtree Center Avenue, on the northeast corner of Auburn Avenue. 
It was designed for Southern Bell by Marye, Alger and Vinour, in an austere art deco style. Originally planned to be 25 stories in height, which would have made it the tallest building in Atlanta, it was completed in 1929 at six stories. Additions in 1947, 1948 and 1963 brought it to its present 14 stories.
The building is crowned by an incongruous microwave communications tower.

</doc>
<doc id="19776561" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19776561" title="Ministry of Education (Portugal)">
Ministry of Education (Portugal)

The Ministry of Education (), ME, is a Portuguese government ministry.

</doc>
<doc id="19776562" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19776562" title="Keith Buckley (actor)">
Keith Buckley (actor)

Keith Buckley (born 1941) is a British actor who has mostly appeared on television since 1958.
Buckley has made some appearances in film and television appearing in "The Avengers" and "Randall and Hopkirk (Deceased)" in the 1960s and "The New Avengers" in the 1970s.

</doc>
<doc id="19776567" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19776567" title="Chikkadinkoppa">
Chikkadinkoppa

"Chikkadinkoppa" is a small and multi cultural village on the bank of Malaprabha River. It is located in Western Ghats at 40 KM from Belgaum district of Indian state Karnataka. Like most of the Indian villages it is not densely populated, approximately it is populated with around 3000 people. This village has not had a Tea Hotel (chai angadi) since it was settled (may be found in 17th century), which makes it distinct from the other surrounding villages.
Attractions.
Jain Temple : It was built during the 1990s. Villagers celebrated the grand opening (Panch Kalyan Mahotsav) ceremony in 1999. As per Jain customs, every 12 years from the opening ceremony (Panch Kalyan Mahotsav), Mahamastkabhishek is carried out. During the Mahamastkabhishek all idols established in the temple are anointed with milk, curd, ghee, water and oil. The next Mahamastkabhishek is in 2011-2012.
Hanuman Temple : is very old temple and is one of the historic monument of the village. It is often crowded with kids, youths, elders as it is located at the center of the village.
Kalmeshwara Temple : is the starting point of village in the eastern direction. It is very old and run down.
Education.
Compared to the surrounding villages it is advanced in education. It has a government primary school. The government High school was founded in 1996. People are very optimistic of the opening of a Pre-university college soon.
Living.
Like other Indian villages, the primary occupation is farming. It is wet place (monsoon area) and is ideal place for paddy field cultivation. Paddy is the primary crop.
Weather.
Summer season spans from the months March to June. During summer weather is moderately hot with temperature ranging from 30 to 37 C. Mornings and evenings of summer season are very busy as all people come out of their houses and work in the farms to ready the farms to sow the paddy.
During the monsoon season which is usually from month of June to September, rain pours heavily. Entire farming land is covered with green paddy. This season is regarded as the people's favourite as they get leisure time to spend in playing with friends, kids and family.
Winter season starts form the month of November and lasts until February. Weather during this season is considerably chilly. Since it is harvesting time this is busiest of all three seasons. During the month of October and November Paddy changes to golden color.
Transportation.
In recent times transportation is not a big concern in this small place. It is very well connected to surrounding villages, Belgaum district and Khanapur Taluk since Government of Karnataka laid the JMR (Jilla Main Road) in the 1990s. A few years before like other Indian villages this tiny place was suffering from transportation problems. Since there were few government buses, people needed to travel for an entire day to reach destinations as near as 20KM away. People bought mini buses and started shuttles to main places. Nowadays there are number of buses there to provide transportation.

</doc>
<doc id="19776598" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19776598" title="I Honestly Love You – Her Greatest Hits">
I Honestly Love You – Her Greatest Hits

Simply the Best: Honestly Love You - Her Greatest Hits is a greatest hits album by Olivia Newton-John that was released in 1995.

</doc>
<doc id="19776637" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19776637" title="Ministério da Educação">
Ministério da Educação

Ministério da Educação (Ministry of Education) may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19776673" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19776673" title="Alpheus ǃNaruseb">
Alpheus ǃNaruseb

Alpheus ǀGou-ǃna ǃNaruseb (born 20 March 1954 in Usakos, Erongo Region) is a Namibian politician. A member of the South West Africa People's Organization (SWAPO), !Naruseb has been in the Cabinet of Namibia since 1997 and the National Assembly since 1994.
Career.
Early life and education.
ǃNaruseb was born on 20 March 1954 in Usakos, South West Africa. From 1970-75, he attended Martin Luther High School in Okombahe. He has also studied towards his Bachelor of Laws (L.L.B.) at the University of Namibia.
Political career.
ǃNaruseb joined SWAPO in 1975 at the age of 21. The next year he began working as a maintenance planner at the Rössing Uranium Mine in Arandis, which lasted until 1980. In that year, he became industrial relations officer at the Mine, which lasted until independence in 1990. During the run-up to independence the late 1980s, he was the internal SWAPO secretary for economic affairs. Following a stint as head organiser of Mass Organizations in SWAPO from 1990–91, he joined the SWAPO Central Committee in that year. From 1992-2002, ǃNaruseb was the head of Information and Publicity in the SWAPO Party. He also was selected to the National Assembly in 1995.
Cabinet positions.
In 1997, ǃNaruseb was appointed to as the Deputy Minister of Fisheries and Marine Resources, which lasted until his move to Deputy Minister of Justice in 2003. In 2005, the Erongo native was appointed to head the Ministry of Labour and Social Welfare under the newly elected President Hifikepunye Pohamba. In 2008, !Naruseb was shuffled to the post of Minister of Lands & Resettlement, replacing Jerry Ekandjo.
Political positions.
In 2008, ǃNaruseb expressed frustration at the pace of land reform in Namibia, suggesting that the law be changed to "prioritise the resettlement of the most needy".

</doc>
<doc id="19776699" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19776699" title="Ministry of Education (Brazil)">
Ministry of Education (Brazil)

The Ministry of Education (Portuguese: "Ministério da Educação"), MEC, is a Brazilian government ministry.
Functions of this ministry: national education policy, early childhood education, elementary education, secondary education, higher education, youth and adult education, among other teachings (professional, special and distance education)
Taking their proper decisions so that these are met.

</doc>
<doc id="19776702" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19776702" title="384th Air Refueling Squadron">
384th Air Refueling Squadron

The 384th Air Refueling Squadron (384 ARS) is part of the 22d Air Refueling Wing at McConnell Air Force Base, Kansas. It operates the KC-135 Stratotanker aircraft conducting aerial refueling missions.
History.
The squadron flew combat missions in the European Theater of Operations from, 23 March 1944–20 April 1945. It conducted aerial refueling for Strategic Air Command bombers in North Atlantic area from, 1955–1965 and has flown worldwide aerial refueling sorties since 1973 including support to operations in Panama from, 18–20 December 1989 and Southwest Asia from, August 1990–March 1991.

</doc>
<doc id="19776710" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19776710" title="The Best of Olivia Newton-John">
The Best of Olivia Newton-John

The Best of Olivia Newton-John is a greatest hits album by Olivia Newton-John that was released in 1998.

</doc>
<doc id="19776715" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19776715" title="Roosendaal railway station">
Roosendaal railway station

Roosendaal is a railway station in the city of Roosendaal, Netherlands. The station opened on 3 July 1854 on the Antwerp–Lage Zwaluwe railway and is the beginning of the Roosendaal–Vlissingen railway. Roosendaal was the first station in North Brabant to be built. Roosendaal is also a border station between the Netherlands and Belgium.
Train services.
The following services start at Roosendaal:

</doc>
<doc id="19776719" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19776719" title="King of Scandinavia">
King of Scandinavia

King of Scandinavia may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19776752" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19776752" title="In-car Internet">
In-car Internet

In-car Internet refers to Internet service provided in a car.
Technology.
Most in-car Internet systems use mobile phone networks to provide Internet service. Novatel and other companies sell wireless routers that use CDMA or GSM mobile networks to provide Wifi in the car. Such services have existed since 2008.
In-car Internet is an increasingly popular feature in cars, and according to a study by market researcher Invensity, by the year 2013, every new car built in Europe will be equipped with Internet connection. However, some technology writers speculate that the feature will not be popular as customers simply use smartphones to connect to the Internet rather than pay extra for in-car Internet services.
Service providers.
Cadillac.
Cadillac offers a service called Cadillac Wifi since April 2009.
Chrysler.
Chrysler Uconnect Web is a system that can provide wireless Internet connectivity in any Chrysler, Dodge, or Jeep vehicle, via a wi-fi "hot-spot". The wifi hotspot range is approximately 150 feet from the vehicle in all directions. A 3G EV-DO cellular network from Autonet Mobile provides the Internet service, and the in-vehicle device provides an ordinary wifi network with Internet connectivity.
Uconnect also includes a Bluetooth network allowing voice activated calling on cell phones, a hard drive for media storage, a Sirius TV and satellite radio system, and a GPS system.
UConnect Access and UConnect Pages are both new services offered as of 2013 that include an in-car 3G cellular connection, with access to in-car apps, emergency assistance, and roadside assistance. The system is a fee-based service that includes a free trial with a newly purchased vehicle. 

</doc>
<doc id="19776772" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19776772" title="Sitapur Ki Geeta">
Sitapur Ki Geeta

Sitapur Ki Geeta is a 1987 Hindi movie which stars Hema Malini, Rajesh Khanna and Pran. The music is by Om Prakash Sharma and Master Sonik. The movie, set against a rural back drop, was most successful in the North and the East of India. Lachak lachak jaye jawani is the most famous song from this film sung by Amit Kumar and Asha Bhosle. Rajesh Khanna makes special appearances in the film as the would be groom of Hema Malini. It was re-released and dubbed into Bhojpuri in 2006. 

</doc>
<doc id="19776776" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19776776" title="1911 Tennessee Volunteers football team">
1911 Tennessee Volunteers football team

The 1911 Tennessee Volunteers football team represented the University of Tennessee in the 1911 college football season. Zora G. Clevenger served the first season of his five-year tenure as head coach. Prior to coming to Tennessee, Clevenger coached at Nebraska Wesleyan University.

</doc>
<doc id="19776790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19776790" title="David Cravit">
David Cravit

David Cravit (born April 19, 1945) is a Canadian author, public speaker and vice president of ZoomerMedia. He is the author of "The New Old: How the Boomers Are Changing Everything...Again" published by ECW Press on October 1, 2008 and "Beyond Age Rage: How the Boomers and Seniors Are Solving the War of the Generations" published by BPS Books on April 16, 2012. and writes a blog for The Times of Israel as well as his official website DavidCravit.com.
Prior to joining ZoomerMedia, Cravit was a partner in Saffer Cravit & Freedman Advertising, which he helped take from start-up to over $150 million in annual billings.
A native of Toronto, Ontario, Cravit was educated at the University of Toronto, where he received a Bachelor of Arts degree in Political Science.

</doc>
<doc id="19776820" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19776820" title="2005–06 Pirveli Liga">
2005–06 Pirveli Liga

Tie-breaker decider

</doc>
<doc id="19776830" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19776830" title="Friedel family">
Friedel family

Four French scientists with the same Friedel family name are in direct lineage, Charles, Georges, Edmond and Jacques: 

</doc>
<doc id="19776852" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19776852" title="Country Girl (Olivia Newton-John album)">
Country Girl (Olivia Newton-John album)

Country Girl is a compilation of some of the most popular country hits by Olivia Newton-John. Released in 1998, the album is composed primarily of recordings made in the 1970s.

</doc>
<doc id="19776857" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19776857" title="Rita May (actress)">
Rita May (actress)

Rita May is a British actress. She has appeared in popular television series such as "Early Doors" and "Drop Dead Gorgeous", and radio programmes including "Ed Reardon's Week". In 2005, she appeared in one episode of "Heartbeat". She apperared as Jimmy Kemp's mother in the acclaimed nuclear war drama "Threads". In March 2009, it was announced that starting 17 April she would appear as Connie Rathbone, a new love interest of pigeon fancier Jack Duckworth, in the ITV1 soap opera "Coronation Street". She had already appeared in the soap opera in 'bit parts' on three separate occasions. 
Since 2011, she has appeared in the Sky 1 situation comedy "Trollied" in which she plays Margaret, a mature and bumbling supermarket deli employee. She appeared in the CITV drama Children's Ward for its entire run from 1989 to 2000, and was the only original cast member to do so.
Rita began her career as a singer on the working men's club circuit in and around South Yorkshire. She starred in the television adaptation of Barry Hines' "The Price of Coal".

</doc>
<doc id="19776869" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19776869" title="BKW FMB Energie">
BKW FMB Energie

The BKW Energie AG (BKW, formerly known as "Bernische Kraftwerke AG", SWX:BKWN) is a power production and distribution utility with its headquarters in Berne, Switzerland. It also provides gas and heat through a number of subsidiaries or partner companies. It mainly operates in the canton of Berne, but is also present in Italy, Germany and Austria.
History.
The BKW was founded in 1898 as "Aktiengesellschaft Elektrizitätswerk Hagneck". The name was changed to "Bernische Kraftwerke AG"in 1909. In 1995, it changed to its present name. "BKW FMB Energie AG", to emphasize the internationalization of the company's business plan.
It has been quoted on the Berne eXchange since 1969. As from 2003, it is also present at the Swiss Stock Exchange. Major shareholders are the Canton of Berne (52.54%) and the German power company E.ON Energie AG (20.99%, as of 2007).
Power production.
With a yearly energy sale of 24.2 TW·h the BKW is one of the biggest Swiss power utilities. Of them 9.7 TW·h are produced by own plants or by shares in other facilities. As of 2007 the mix is mainly composed by nuclear (61.87%) and hydroelectric (37.96%) power. The remaining is produced by renewable sources like solar, wind or biomass. Due to the necessity to diversify the mix and satisfy the increasing demand, BKW is introducing some fossil fuel power through shares in abroad plants.
Fossil fuel power.
In 2008 a new 800 MW combined cycle gas power plant started operation in Livorno Ferraris (province of Vercelli, Italy). BKW possesses a 25% share.
Hydroelectric power.
BKW produces around 40% of its power through owned or shared hydroelectric plants in Switzerland and Italy.
The owned plants are mainly located in the canton of Berne:
Some of the group companies also produce hydroelectric power. The BKW portion of the installed production are:
The rest is generated through holdings. The production portions of the BKW are:
Nuclear power.
Around 60% of the energy produced cames from nuclear plants. BKW owns the Mühleberg Nuclear Power Plant and three shares in other Swiss or French facilities:
Solar Power.
BKW possesses or shares an increasing number of solar plants various size. The most important are:
Wind Power.
BKW produces wind power at two plants:
Major future developments.
Nuclear power.
In the 2020s the Mühleberg Nuclear Power Plant will probably cease its activity and the contracts for importing nuclear 
energy from France will expire. The BKW and Axpo founded the Resun AG to prevent the consequent energy lack. Its purpose is to menage the administrative procedure for building two new nuclear plants up to 1600 MW each.
Transmission grid.
BKW provides with power around one million people in 400 municipalities in canton of Berne and surroundings through its local and distribution networks up to 132 kV. It also owns 665 km of 220 kV and 56 km of 380 kV lines, although their operation is entrusted to the national transmission company Swissgrid AG.

</doc>
<doc id="19776870" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19776870" title="Communauté de communes des Monts et de l'Andelle">
Communauté de communes des Monts et de l'Andelle

The Communauté de communes des Monts et de l'Andelle was created on January 1, 2003 and is located in the Seine-Maritime "département" of the Haute-Normandie "région" of north-western France.
Participants.
The Communauté de communes comprises the following 15 communes:

</doc>
<doc id="19776880" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19776880" title="Llandysilio">
Llandysilio

Llandysilio is a village and community in the Welsh county of Powys. 
Its population at the 2001 Census was 962. The present parish church, dedicated to Saint Tysilio, dates from 1867 but tradition states that a church was founded here by Tysilio in the seventh century.

</doc>
<doc id="19776900" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19776900" title="Angel Ortiz">
Angel Ortiz

Ángel Ramírez Ortiz (30 June 1966 – 5 May 2008) was a Spanish scientist in the area of protein structure & bioinformatics. He was best known for the creation of the software package MAMMOTH for protein structure comparison.
Ortiz died in 2008 having been diagnosed with cancer some years earlier. He is notable in having dedicated the remaining years of his life to studying cancer and the search for treatments.
Biography.
Early career.
Ángel Ramírez Ortiz was born on 30 June 1966 in Galicia (Spain). He obtained a Pharmacy degree by the Complutense University of Madrid, and then joined the incipient research group of Federico Gago at the University of Alcalá as a PhD student. He became involved in a project financed mostly by Menarini Pharmaceuticals, aimed at the rationalization of the biochemical activity of a number of phospholipase A2 (PLA2) enzymes from different sources and, ultimately, at the design of novel inhibitors of human synovial fluid PLA2 tagged as anti-inflammatory agents. During his thesis development, Ortiz visited and worked in two international institutions: the University of Groningen (The Netherlands) and the European Molecular Biology Laboratory in Heidelberg.
Research.
Upon completion of his Ph. D., Ortiz joined Prof. Jeffrey Skolnick's group at the Department of Molecular Biology at the Scripps Research Institute in USA (1996–2000). There he significantly contributed to the development of MONSTER, at the time one of the most successful Monte Carlo algorithms for predicting protein structure in the absence of a template, as assessed in the Critical Assessment of Techniques for Protein Structure Prediction (CASP), a contest for which he would soon be acting as an advisor. A few years later, he developed, in collaboration with Bin Qian and David Baker, an original and imaginative framework for assisting homology-based modelling of protein structures making use of both empirical knowledge of protein structure evolution and equilibrium dynamics.
In 2000 Ortiz moved to New York and started to work in Mount Sinai School of Medicine, establishing his own researching group on genomics. During this period he developed MAMMOTH, a program that is now consolidated as one of the references in the field of protein structure alignment.
Later on, Ortiz went back to Spain, where he founded and headed the Bioinformatics Unit at the Centro de Biología Molecular "Severo Ochoa" in Madrid, under the auspices of the Spanish National Research Council. There he applied the MAMMOTH algorithm to the study of protein structure evolution, unveiling how deeply protein topology constrains the possible evolutionary paths. The other research pillar in his group was the development and optimization of a complete suite of programs to carry out docking and virtual screening experiments aimed at the identification of drug candidates, being gCOMBINE (COMparative BINding Energy) and CRDOCK two successful examples.
Death.
On 5 May 2008, Ángel Ramírez Ortiz died of cancer in Madrid at the age of 41. Despite having been diagnosed with a brain tumour years before, Ortiz continued with his work searching for molecules that act as inhibitors of an enzyme that is largely responsible for the resistance to chemotherapy of some tumour cells, including those from glioblastoma multiforme, the cancer that ended his life.

</doc>
<doc id="19776929" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19776929" title="Constantino">
Constantino

Constantino (Costantino) is an Italian/Sicilian/Portuguese given name, also an Italian surname. It is derived from Latin "Constantinus". Constantino may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19776936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19776936" title="Pinkcome Tax">
Pinkcome Tax

Pinkcome Tax is the 55th cartoon produced in the "Pink Panther" series. A total of 124 6-minute cartoons were produced between 1964 and 1980.
Plot.
A tax collector arrests a poor man for not paying his tax and The Pink Panther tries to save the poor man by telling him with a paper plane that he will be saved but the guard gets the plane instead and see The Pink Panther saving the man by making a big hole in the wall so the guard seals the hole and The Pink Panther gets arrested too so they have to make their way out of jail for good.

</doc>
<doc id="19776968" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19776968" title="Brigham–Kanner Property Rights Prize">
Brigham–Kanner Property Rights Prize

The Brigham–Kanner Property Rights Prize is awarded annually by William & Mary College School of Law, at the Brigham-Kanner Property Rights Conference and is named in recognition of Toby Prince Brigham and Gideon Kanner for their lifetime contributions to private property rights, their efforts to advance pertinent constitutional protections of property and their accomplishments in preserving the important role that private property plays in protecting individual and civil rights.
Toby Prince Brigham is a founding partner of Brigham Moore in Florida and has practiced eminent domain and property rights law for more than 40 years. Gideon Kanner spent most of his decades-long career as an appellate lawyer limiting his practice largely to eminent domain and inverse condemnation litigation. He is now professor of law emeritus at the Loyola Law School in Los Angeles. The Brigham-Kanner Prize is awarded annually during the Brigham-Kanner Property Rights Conference. Each year the conference honors an outstanding scholar or individual whose work has advanced the cause of property rights and has contributed to the awareness of the important role property rights occupy in the overall scheme of individual liberty.
The 2011 Brigham–Kanner Property Rights Prize was presented to Justice Sandra Day O’Connor in Beijing, China, during the 8th Annual Brigham Kanner Property Rights Conference.
The 2014 Brigham-Kanner Property Rights Prize will be awarded during Eleventh Annual Brigham-Kanner Property Rights Conference, to be held on October 30, 31 2014 at William & Mary's Marshall-Wythe School of Law.
Prize Recipients.
Thomas W. Merrill (October 2013).
Thomas W. Merrill, the Charles Evans Hughes Professor of Law at Columbia Law School, received the Brigham–Kanner Property Rights Prize during the 10th Annual Brigham Kanner Property Rights Conference on October 18 and 19, 2013 at the William and Mary School of Law.
James E. Krier (2012).
James E. Krier, the Earl Warren DeLano Professor of Law at the University of Michigan Law School, is the outstanding scholar on the evolution of American property rights. Fully recognizing that property rights are more than simple relationships between Kings and Princes spawned by the Magna Charta, Professor Krier comprehends the history of economic relations and behavioral conduct in an ever changing society, recognizing that the study of property is a study of economics and societal action. Fully recognizing that property rights are intrinsic in our liberty, Professor Krier has cogently espoused the nature of change in personal relationships in both economic and non-economic circumstances and how they have modified the property rights relationship. He has clarified the intrinsic relationship of property rights and societal relations.
The Brigham-Kanner Property Rights Prize was given to Professor Krier at the 2012 Brigham-Kanner Property Rights Conference on October 11, 12, 2012.
Sandra Day O'Connor (2011).
During her illustrious tenure on the Supreme Court, Justice Sandra Day O’Connor approached property rights with her trademark balance and sensitivity. She authored memorable opinions in several landmark cases, and many of her pronouncements have left a lasting impression on takings jurisprudence.
In one of her first cases, Justice O’Connor wrote for a unanimous Court in Hawaii Housing Authority v. Midkiff, 467 U.S. 229 (1984), a seminal case in defining the “public use” component of the Fifth Amendment’s Takings Clause. The Hawaii Land Reform Act of 1967 allowed a state agency to condemn certain leased private properties and then sell them to private lessees. Deferring to the state’s interests in breaking up its historical land oligopoly, Justice O’Connor concluded that the Act had a direct public purpose and therefore did not violate the “public use” requirement of the Takings Clause.
Three years later, in Hodel v. Irving, 481 U.S. 704 (1987), Justice O’Connor again wrote for a unanimous Court, this time striking down a federal statute that required the escheat to the Oglala Souix tribe of fractional interests of property owned by individual tribal members. She reasoned that the right to will property to heirs is a fundamental property right, and that a complete abrogation of this right constitutes a taking that requires just compensation to the heirs.
In Eastern Enterprises v. Apfel, 524 U.S. 498 (1998), the Court, in a plurality opinion, invalidated the Coal Industry Retiree Health Benefit Act’s employer-funded health-benefits mandate. Writing for four justices, Justice O’Connor reasoned that the mandate worked an uncompensated takings by imposing a severe, retroactive, and unexpected financial liability on mining companies.
Finally, in Lingle v. Chevron U.S.A. Inc., 544 U.S. 528 (2005), a decision most well known for its clarification of regulatory-takings doctrine, Justice O’Connor, writing for a unanimous Court, held that the “substantially advances” test for due process should not control the question of whether the government has worked a regulatory takings. In the process, Justice O’Connor put the emphasis of regulatory takings on the character of the property burden rather than on the nature of the governmental interest involved.
Justice O’Connor also authored particularly notable concurring and dissenting opinions in the property-rights area. In Kelo v. City of New London, 545 U.S. 469 (2005), the Court held that a government’s condemnation and subsequent transfer of private residences to a private commercial developer was permitted by the Constitution. In one of her most forceful dissents, Justice O’Connor distinguished between direct and indirect public purposes and rejected the idea that indirect and speculative economic development could be a “public use” justifying private-to-private transfer of property under the state’s eminent domain power. And, in Palazzolo v. Rhode Island, 533 U.S. 606 (2001), Justice O’Connor filed a concurrence arguing that pre-existing land-use restrictions are relevant in determining whether the property owner can pursue a regulatory-takings claim. In contrast to the rigid per se rule adopted by the Court, Justice O’Connor made a compelling case for an ad hoc, balanced approach that looks at context and facts. Though it did not then command a majority vote, her concurrence is now seen as a controlling legal principle.
Carol M. Rose (2010).
Professor Carol M. Rose is the 2010 recipient of the Brigham–Kanner Property Rights Prize. She is the Lohse Chair in Water and Natural Resources professor at the University of Arizona James E. Rogers College of Law. From 1990 to 1994 Professor Rose was the Fred Johnston Chair in Property and Environmental Law, Yale Law School. She has been the author of titles such as "Property and Persuasion: Essays on the History, Theory, and the Rhetoric of Ownership" "Crystals and Mud in Property Law, 40 Stan. L. Rev. 577" and "Big Roads, Big Rights: Varieties of Public Infrastructure and Their Impact on Environmental Resources, 50 Ariz. L. Rev. 409 " among others.
Richard E. Pipes (2009).
Professor Richard E. Pipes is the 2009 recipient of the Brigham–Kanner Property Rights Prize. He is the Frank B. Baird, Jr., Professor of History, Emeritus, at Harvard University. Among his appointments, he served as Director of Harvard University's Russian Research "Team B" to review Strategic Intelligence Estimates in 1976, and as Director of East European and Soviet Affairs in President Ronald Reagan's National Security Council from 1981-82.
Robert C. Ellickson (2008).
Professor Robert C. Ellickson is the Walter E. Meyer Professor of Property and Urban Law at Yale Law School. Prior to joining the Yale faculty in 1988, he was a member of the law faculties at the University of Southern California and Stanford University. He is author of numerous books, including The Household: Informal Order Around the Hearth, Order Without Law: How Neighbors Settle Disputes (awarded the Order of the Coif Triennial Book Award), Land Use Controls (with Vicki L. Been), and Perspectives on Property Law (with Carol M. Rose and Bruce A. Ackerman). He is a fellow of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences and a past president of the American Law and Economics Association.
Margaret Jane Radin (2007).
Professor Margaret Jane Radin is professor of law at the University of Michigan Law School. Prior to joining the Michigan faculty in fall 2007, she was the William Benjamin Scott and Luna M. Scott Professor of Law at Stanford University. She also has been on the faculty of the University of Southern California Law School and has been a visiting professor at UCLA and Harvard. Radin has published prolifically on property rights theory and institutions, commodification, intellectual property, and cyberlaw. Highlights of her property scholarship appear in Contested Commodities (Harvard University Press, 1996) and Reinterpreting Property (University of Chicago Press, 1993).
James W. Ely (2006).
Professor James W. Ely is a renowned legal historian and property rights expert. He is the author of several books that have received widespread critical acclaim from legal scholars and historians, including "The Guardian of Every Other Right: A Constitutional History of Property Rights", "The Fuller Court: Justices, Rulings and Legacy", in which he examines the work of the Supreme Court between 1888 and 1910, and "Railroads and American Law", in which he systematically explores the way that the rise of the railroads shaped American legal culture. Since Professor Ely joined the Vanderbilt faculty in 1972, he has been frequently recognized by students as one of the law school’s outstanding teachers. He holds a joint appointment in Vanderbilt’s history department.
Richard A. Epstein (2005).
Professor Richard A. Epstein is the James Parker Hall Distinguished Service Professor of Law at the University of Chicago where he also serves as director of the John M. Olin Program in Law and Economics. He is known for his research and writing in a broad range of constitutional, economic, historical, and philosophical subjects.He edited the Journal of Legal Studies (1981–91) and the Journal of Law and Economics (1991–2001). He is now a director of its Olin Program in Law and Economics. Epstein's books include How the Progressives Rewrote the Constitution (2006); Free Markets under Siege: Cartels, Politics and Social Welfare (Hoover Institution Press, 2005), Skepticism and Freedom: A Modern Case for Classical Liberalism (2003); Principles for a Free Society: Reconciling Individual Liberty with the Common Good (1998); Mortal Peril: Our Inalienable Right to Health Care? (1997); Simple Rules for a Complex World (1995); Bargaining with the State (1993); Forbidden Grounds: The Case against Employment Discrimination Laws (1992); and Takings: Private Property and the Power of Eminent Domain (1985).
Frank I. Michelman (2004).
Professor Frank I. Michelman was chosen in large measure for his influential article, Property, Utility, and Fairness: Comments on the Ethical Foundations of ‘Just Compensation’ Law, 80 Har.L. Rev. 1165 (1967). He is the author of Brennan and Democracy and also has published numerous articles on property law and theory, constitutional law and theory, local government law and jurisprudence. Other books he has written include Rights and Democracy in a Transformative Constitution and Constitutional Property Clauses: A Comparative Analysis.

</doc>
<doc id="19776989" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19776989" title="Arnold van den Hoek">
Arnold van den Hoek

Arnold (Arnoldus) Johannes van den Hoek (1 December 1921, Amsterdam – 14 January 1945, Watenstedt, suburb of Braunschweig) was a Dutch chess master. 
In August 1942, v.d. Hoek, Adriaan de Groot and Nicolaas Cortlever tied for first place in the qualifier of Dutch Chess Championship in Leeuwarden. He won the playoff, and next lost a match for the title to Max Euwe (2 : 8) at The Hague 1942. In January 1943, he won the Beverwijk Hoogovenstoernooi. Later that year he was deported to do forced labour in a German defence plant. He was killed there in an allied bombardment on 14 January 1945.

</doc>
<doc id="19776993" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19776993" title="Independence Fjord">
Independence Fjord

Independence Fjord is a large fjord in the eastern part of northern Greenland. It is about long and up to wide. Its mouth, opening to Wandel Sea of the Arctic Ocean is located at . Jørgen Brønlund Fjord is a smaller fjord branching northwest from Independence Fjord.
In the area around the fjord are traces of two paleo-Eskimo cultures known as Independence I culture and Independence II culture.
History.
The area has been the subject of research since the beginning of the 20th century. The first notable research results about traces of human settlement have been published in 1911 by Christian Bendix Thostrup as "Ethnographic Description of the Eskimo Settlements and Stone Remains in North-East Greenland".
Pre-history.
North of the fjord, in southern Peary Land, there are remains of dwellings with elliptical floor plan, built by Early Paleoeskimo "Independence I" culture. These people used tools made from rocks and bones, and subsisted from hunting wildlife like musk oxen and arctic hares. Bones of musk oxen hunted down in Peary Land show that the area was inhabited at 2000 B.C. The oldest discoveries are dated at 2400 B.C. Discoveries of the time starting around 1800 B.C. until 1300 B.C. were mostly made south of Independence Fjord. It is unknown whether the Independence I culture vanished or the people moved south.
Discoveries of a later time, about 800 B.C. to 200 B.C., are related to the "Independence II" culture. Initially, Independence I and Independence II had been regarded as the same culture, but Eigil Knuth found in 1956 that the two were separate cultures, because of different dwelling constructions, and differences in other artefacts. The residential dwellings of Independence II are more complex and larger than the older buildings in this area. Other than their predecessors, the people of Independence II also settled south of Independence Fjord.
In both cases it is unclear whether discoveries in other areas of North Greenland and on Ellesmere Island should be attributed to other cultures.

</doc>
<doc id="19777000" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19777000" title="Hendes store aften">
Hendes store aften

Hendes store aften is a 1954 Danish romance film directed by Annelise Reenberg and starring Helle Virkner.

</doc>
<doc id="19777006" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19777006" title="Stephen of Thornham">
Stephen of Thornham

Stephen of Thornham (died 6 March 1214) was a British justice and administrator. He was the son of Robert of Thornham, a Kentish landowner, and the older brother of Robert of Thornham, and first came to official attention in 1170 when, along with his father, he acted as a benefactor to Combwell Priory. He served Henry II, and in 1188 was one of the agents tasked with ensuring the return of normal religious service in Canterbury after a dispute between the Archbishop and local monks, with Henry rewarding him for his work with lands in Artington, Surrey. After Henry died in 1189 Thornham served his son and successor, Richard I, with the same loyalty and skill. In 1190 he accompanied Richard on the Third Crusade, visiting Jerusalem in 1192, and in 1193 he escorted Queen Berengaria and Joan of England on their journey from Palestine to Rome.
After this his work was limited to England, managing royal Demesnes and Escheats, as well as vacant Bishoprics. Although these jobs made the holder unpopular, he apparently had a good reputation, with Adam of Eynsham describing him as ‘a faithful and godly man and devoted to our holy bishop’. From 1197 until 1200 he served as High Sheriff of Berkshire and Wiltshire, and in 1198 as High Sheriff of Lancashire. His royal favour faltered after 1200, but he was still a favorite of John, serving at various times as warden to Eleanor, Fair Maid of Brittany, Isabella of Angoulême and the future Henry III. He died on 6 March 1214 with no sons, leaving his possessions to his five daughters and their husbands.

</doc>
<doc id="19777024" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19777024" title="1912 Tennessee Volunteers football team">
1912 Tennessee Volunteers football team

The 1912 Tennessee Volunteers football team represented the University of Tennessee in the 1912 college football season. 1912 squad was the first non-losing Volunteer team in four years, but they did not win a conference game. Zora G. Clevenger served his second season as head coach of the Volunteers.

</doc>
<doc id="19777057" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19777057" title="1892–93 Liverpool F.C. season">
1892–93 Liverpool F.C. season

The 1892–93 season was the first season in Liverpool Football Club's existence, and their first year in the Lancashire League.
Match results.
Lancashire League.
Pld = Matches played; W = Won; D = Drawn; L = Lost; GF = Goals For; GA = Goals Against; GD = Goal Difference; Pts = Points

</doc>
<doc id="19777063" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19777063" title="European Champion Cup Final Four">
European Champion Cup Final Four

The "Final Four" (also called European Champions Cup) is a post-season baseball tournament sanctioned and created by the Confederation of European Baseball (CEB). The tournament features the four best teams in the two European Cups. 
The most recent edition of the tournament was held in Nettuno, Italy on August 29-30, 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="19777069" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19777069" title="En sømand går i land">
En sømand går i land

En sømand går i land is a 1954 Danish comedy film directed by Lau Lauritzen, Jr. and starring Poul Reichhardt.

</doc>
<doc id="19777081" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19777081" title="Indiana University Health People Mover">
Indiana University Health People Mover

The Indiana University Health People Mover, formerly the Clarian Health People Mover, is long people mover in the city of Indianapolis, Indiana, in the United States.
The system opened on June 28, 2003, to connect the Methodist Hospital of Indianapolis, Indiana University Hospital and the James Whitcomb Riley Hospital for Children, jointly operated as a single hospital by Indiana University Health.
The dual-track system is open to the public and operates around the clock, taking 5 minutes in each direction. During the daytime, a train departs automatically every six minutes.
It is notable for being the only private transportation system in the United States constructed to run above public streets.
History.
In 1997, the three hospital operations were combined under Indiana law creating a shared staff of over 10,000 employees who could be required to travel between the campuses. Commuting between the three sites was complicated and required the crossing of the Interstate 65 highway by shuttle buses.
In May 2000, a "Health Care Transportation System Franchise Agreement" was signed, followed by the "People Mover – State of Indiana Airspace Agreement and Lease" in November 2000 to allow crossing under the Interstate 65 highway for a period of 25 years.
System.
The system was constructed by Schwager Davis Inc. (SDI) from San Jose, California, to their "Unitrak" standard.
There are two separate parallel elevated guideways side-by-side, both of which operate in both directions. The concrete rails have a gap between them, designed to combat winter snow and the people mover is therefore not technically a monorail.
Each of the two tracks carries a train with three carriages for a total capacity of 81 passengers. Each train weighs and has twenty-four passenger seats across the three cars. The rest of the passenger capacity is made up of standing places.
Operation.
During the night-time, one track is closed between 18:00–05:30 for maintenance, with the second train/track operated in on-demand mode by elevator-style call buttons.

</doc>
<doc id="19777142" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19777142" title="Mountain Play Association">
Mountain Play Association

The Mountain Play Association is a 501(c)3 organization responsible for the production of theatrical events at the Sidney B. Cushing Amphitheatre on Mount Tamalpais in Marin County, California. The stone amphitheatre, named for the owner of the railroad company which constructed the Mount Tamalpais Scenic Railway, is at an elevation of 2,000 feet and has 4,000 seats [http://johnd.com/photo/audience-amphitheater.jpg. The organization was founded in 1913, and is a member of Theatre Bay Area and the North Bay Theatre Group.
The Mountain Play presents one musical a year, in May and June. In 2014, they will present "South Pacific", from May 18 through June 15. Past productions have ranged from "Hairspray" to "Fiddler on the Roof" to "Hair".
The mission statement of the Mountain Play Association reads, "The Mountain Play Association’s mission is to produce an annual, spectacular, outdoor theatrical experience that nurtures an appreciation of Mt. Tamalpais, involves and strengthens the community, and builds on decades of tradition."
History.
Since 1913.
One of the oldest non-profit theatre companies in the area, the Mountain Play staged its first theatrical performances in the natural amphitheatre on top of Mt. Tamalpais in Marin County in 1913. The first Mountain Play produced was Abraham and Isaac. Members of the audience hiked the eight miles from Mill Valley or steamed up the mountain on the Tamalpais Railroad, the "Crookedest Railroad in the World." The Mountain Play Association (MPA) was formed the following year. Congressman William Kent, who owned the land on the mountain where the amphitheatre stood, was one of its vice presidents.
Sidney B. Cushing Memorial Amphitheatre.
In 1916, Kent deeded the theatre to the MPA. Twenty years later, MPA turned the theatre over to the state park, which then surrounded it, and over the next ten years the Civilian Conservation Corps (CCC) worked to install the massive serpentine stones that now form the 4000-seat Sidney B. Cushing Memorial Amphitheatre.
Since 1977, when Marilyn Smith took over as Executive Director, the Mountain Play has enjoyed an unparalleled level of success presenting Broadway musicals on the mountain.
In 1980, the Mountain Play introduced sign language interpretation at its May performances on Mt. Tamalpais. In the early 1980s, special accommodations were developed for patrons with wheelchairs, including the grading of a path to the theatre and the construction of a shaded wheelchair platform. In 1993, the Mountain Play expanded its 10-year-old programs for the visually impaired to include professional describers who provide simultaneous audio description. Equipment was upgraded in 1997, which enables users to sit anywhere in the theater rather than in a specially designated area. 
A "Day on the Mountain" outreach program was introduced in 1993 to introduce low-income/at-risk children both to musical theatre and to Mt. Tamalpais. Working with Bay Area social service agencies, the Mountain Play provides tickets and transportation to the show, pre-performance workshops and guided nature hikes on the mountain. Since 1995, the Mountain Play has also presented an annual performance at the Redwoods retirement center in Mill Valley for an audience of elderly patrons who can no longer make it up to the mountain.

</doc>
<doc id="19777150" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19777150" title="På tro og love">
På tro og love

På tro og love is a 1955 Danish family film directed by Torben Anton Svendsen and starring Poul Reichhardt.

</doc>
<doc id="19777160" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19777160" title="List of Follyfoot episodes">
List of Follyfoot episodes

This is a list of episodes of the television drama series, "Follyfoot".

</doc>
<doc id="19777162" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19777162" title="Electrical resistance heating remediation">
Electrical resistance heating remediation

Electrical Resistance Heating (ERH) is an intensive in situ environmental remediation method that uses the flow of alternating current electricity to heat soil and groundwater and evaporate contaminants. Electric current is passed through a targeted soil volume between subsurface electrode elements. The resistance to electrical flow that exists in the soil causes the formation of heat; resulting in an increase in temperature until the boiling point of water at depth is reached. After reaching this temperature, further energy input causes a phase change, forming steam and removing volatile contaminants. ERH is typically more cost effective when used for treating contaminant source areas.
History.
Three-phase heating (see Technology below) was originally created to enhance oil recovery. This design was patented in 1976 by Bill Pritchett of ARCO. The patent has expired and is now available for public use.
Six-phase heating (see Technology below) was created and patented for the US Department of Energy (DOE) in the 1980s for use on DOE sites as well as commercial applications.
Technology.
Electrical resistance heating is used by the environmental restoration industry for remediation of contaminated soil and groundwater. ERH consists of constructing electrodes in the ground, applying alternating current (AC) electricity to the electrodes and heating the subsurface to temperatures that promote the evaporation of contaminants. Volatilized contaminants are captured by a subsurface vapor recovery system and conveyed to the surface along with recovered air and steam. Similar to Soil vapor extraction, the air, steam and volatilized contaminants are then treated at the surface to separate water, air and the contaminants. Treatment of the various streams depends on local regulations and the amount of contaminant. 
Some low volatility organic contaminants have a short hydrolysis half life. For contaminants like these, i.e. 1,1,2,2-Tetrachloroethane and 1,1,1-trichloroethane, hydrolysis can be the primary form of remediation. As the subsurface is heated the hydrolysis half life of the contaminant will decrease as described by the Arrhenius equation. This results in a rapid degradation of the contaminant. The hydrolysis by-product may be remediated by conventional ERH, however the majority of the mass of the primary contaminant will not be recovered but rather will degrade to a by-product.
There are predominantly two electrical load arrangements for ERH: three-phase and six-phase. Three-phase heating consists of electrodes in a repeating triangular or delta pattern. Adjacent electrodes are of a different electrical phase so electricity conducts between them as shown in Figure 1. The contaminated area is depicted by the green shape while the electrodes are depicted by the numbered circles.
Six-phase heating consists of six electrodes in a hexagonal pattern with a neutral electrode in the center of the array. The six-phase arrays are outlined in blue in Figure 2 below. Once again the contaminated area is depicted by the green shape while the electrodes are depicted by the numbered circles. In a six-phase heating pattern there can be hot spots and cold spots depending on the phases that are next to each other. For this reason, six-phase heating typically works best on small circular areas that are less than 65 feet in diameter. 
ERH is typically most effective on volatile organic compounds (VOCs). The chlorinated compounds perchloroethylene, trichloroethylene, and cis- or trans- 1,2-dichloroethylene are contaminants that are easily remediated with ERH. The table shows contaminants that can be remediated with ERH along with their respective boiling points. Less volatile contaminants like xylene or diesel can also be remediated with ERH but energy requirements increase as the volatility decreases. 
Electrode spacing and operating time can be adjusted to balance the overall remediation cost with the desired cleanup time. A typical remediation may consist of electrodes spaced 15 to 20 feet apart with operating times usually less than a year. The design and cost of an ERH remediation system depends on a number of factors, primarily the volume of soil/groundwater to be treated, the type of contamination, and the treatment goals. The physical and chemical properties of the target compounds are governed by laws that make heated remediations advantageous over most conventional methods. The electrical energy usage required for heating the subsurface and volatilizing the contaminants can account for 5 to 40% of the overall remediation cost.
There are several laws that govern an ERH remediation. Dalton’s law governs the boiling point of a relatively insoluble contaminant. Raoult’s law governs the boiling point of mutually soluble co-contaminants and Henry’s law governs the ratio of the contaminant in the vapor phase to the contaminant in the liquid phase.
Dalton's Law
For mutually insoluble compounds Dalton’s Law states that the partial pressure of a non aqueous phase liquid (NAPL) is equal to its vapor pressure, and that the NAPL in contact with water will boil when the vapor pressure of water plus the vapor pressure of the VOC is equal to ambient pressure. When a VOC-steam bubble is formed the composition of the bubble is proportional to the composite’s respective vapor pressures.
Raoult's Law
For mutually soluble compounds, Raoult’s Law states that the partial pressure of a compound is equal to its vapor pressure times its mole fraction. This means that mutually soluble contaminants will volatilize slower than if there was only one compound present. 
Henry's Law
Henry’s law describes the tendency of a compound to join air in the vapor phase or dissolve in water. The Henry’s Law constant, sometimes called coefficient, is specific to each compound, varies with temperature, and predicts the amount of contaminant that will stay in the vapor phase or transfer to the liquid phase when exiting the condenser.

</doc>
<doc id="19777176" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19777176" title="Aditya Birla Public School, Renukoot">
Aditya Birla Public School, Renukoot

Aditya Birla Public School, Renukoot (ABPS is a school in Renukoot, Uttar Pradesh state of India. It is a branch of the Aditya Birla Group.
History.
It started working in the year 1971 with the then Principal Mr. L.N. Agrawal. The school was originally called Hindalco Vidya Niektan till 2005 when it was renamed Aditya Birla Public school.
Management.
The school works under the flagship of Aditya Birla Group with the patronage of Hindalco Industries. There is a SMC (School Managing Committee) headed by the current President of the Industry.
The school has a teaching faculty of 4 staff, awell furnished, designed, hygienic and clean campus, with playing facilities. The current principal of this school is Dr. T.K Chowdhury 
Functions.
The school organises Annual function, Literary activities, Cultural activities, Art and Craft competitions, Quiz, Paper reading, declamation, Music competitions.
Mrs. Uma Menon, Mrs. Rupa Das, Mrs. Mala Bhargava, Mrs. Bharti Pandey & Mr. Asim Chakroborty are some of the cultural coordinators in the school premises .
Academics.
The children passing out from this school have excelled in many professional areas and have even qualified for IIT, NDA, UPTU and are working with reputed multinationals.

</doc>
<doc id="19777194" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19777194" title="John Broderick (writer)">
John Broderick (writer)

John Broderick (born Athlone, Ireland, 1924 - died Bath, England, 1989) was an Irish novelist.
Biography.
Broderick was born in Athlone, Ireland, in 1924. He was the only child of the proprietors of a thriving local business, Broderick's Bakery. His father died when he was three years old. He began his secondary education at the Marist Brothers' School but at the age of 12, on his mother's remarriage to the bakery manager in 1936, he was sent to board at St Joseph's College, Garbally Ballinasloe. He left in 1941 without sitting the Leaving Certificate and was expected to take over the bakery business, but always intended to write.
From 1951 he lived for a time in Paris where he knew some of the French and expatriate literary community, among them Gore Vidal, Truman Capote, James Baldwin and most importantly Julien Green. Green was a French Academician and highly respected novelist and diarist, who became a mentor and personal friend. He visited Broderick in Athlone in 1974 and 1975.
Broderick lived most of his life in Athlone; with his mother until her death in 1974, and alone until he moved to Bath England in 1981. He died in Bath in 1989.
"The Irish Times" accepted a travel article from Broderick in 1956. In the same year, the paper published the first of his book reviews. He continued to review widely and to write general articles for "The Irish Times" and "Hibernia" magazine, among others, until shortly before his death. As a critic he was frequently controversial being dismissive of a number of established writers including Heinrich Boll, Seamus Heaney and most notably Edna O'Brien while he was extremely generous and encouraging to a host of young Irish writers. His first novel, "The Pilgrimage" (1961) was banned by the Irish Censorship Board. Broderick was elected to membership of the Irish Academy of Letters in 1968, and in 1975 received the Academy's Annual Award for Literature. The Westmeath County Library system has a collection of his papers, manuscripts and other materials.
Most of Broderick's family were born and reared in Athlone, and many still live there today. John Broderick is third cousins to Shauna, Cliodhna and Aisling Golden, three sisters who perform together as a singing act called "The Golden Sisters" who were quarter finalists on the RTE prime-time show "The All Ireland Talent Show".
Books.
Broderick's novels include:
Memorials.
Since 1999, Broderick has been commemorated in a number of ways, including:

</doc>
<doc id="19777200" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19777200" title="Lauren Hoffman">
Lauren Hoffman

Lauren Hoffman is an American singer-songwriter. She was signed to Virgin Records America and released her debut album titled "Megiddo" in 1997. She parted ways with the label in 1999, following her disenchantment with their lack of promotion for her, whilst Virgin went on to issue her sophomore LP, 'From The Blue House' in the same year. A third album, 'Choreography', followed in 2006.
She is produced in John Morand and David Lowery's studio Sound of Music Studios, along with artists such as Mint, Cracker and Sparklehorse.
Biography.
She played in a band called "Monsoon" after the Thai restaurant they played in with Shannon Worrell and Kristin Asbury.
In 1995, she worked with musician Peter Griesar.
Discography.
Albums.
Album covers have been designed by Wes Freed.
"Another Song About the Darkness" (3:59) is the 20th track on The Sound the Hare Heard album.
She played a number of songs played in the South of Nowhere series ("Ghost You Know", "Magic Stick", "Hope You Don't Mind", "Reasons to Fall", "Love In September", "Broken"). Her song, "Rock Star" appears on the soundtrack of the 1998 motion picture, Palmetto.

</doc>
<doc id="19777209" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19777209" title="Citizens Housing and Planning Council (CHPC)">
Citizens Housing and Planning Council (CHPC)

Citizens Housing and Planning Council(CHPC) is a 501(c)3 non-profit education organization based in New York City. Its mission, since 1937, is to advance practical public policies by better understanding New York City’s most pressing housing and neighborhood needs across the five boroughs. It is a Council of leading professionals from every industry that shape the residential built environment who share the conviction that by working together we can promote solutions for the long-term progress of the city.
Work.
Citizens Housing and Planning Council was founded in 1937 by a coalition of intellectuals and activists who worked closely with Senator Robert Wagner in crafting the National Housing Act of 1937 and its advocacy helped to encourage NYC to maintain economically integrated public housing, well located in neighborhoods with access to services and transportation.
During the 1940s and 1950s, CHPC warned against the ghettoization of the city’s growing minority populations and supported litigation and legislation opposing racial discrimination in housing, advocated for development of low-rent and racially integrated housing in the face of local opposition, and fought against attempts to place public housing in isolated areas of the city devoid of basic services. CHPC also stressed the need for preserving and renovating low-rent private housing long before that concept became conventional wisdom 
CHPC's research helped to shape the City's policies regarding the large inventory of tax-foreclosed housing that was abandoned and left to decline in the 1970s and 1980s. In the 1990s and 2000s, CHPC provided the analysis and advice when the City sought to rethink its policies regarding tax foreclosure and privatization. This led to the successful preservation of this critical housing resource. They also focused on the City's growth, the transformation of the old industrial landscape into mixed-use areas, inclusionary zoning policies, the critical need to address parking, the actual impact and effects of gentrification, tax policies to encourage housing construction and affordability, the importance and impact of regional housing strategy, global Best Practice in affordable housing, and intervention after the global economic crisis.
Most recently, CHPC's Making Room initiative has launched a new approach to housing policy. This initiative spawned an exhibition at the Museum of the City of New York 
Staff.
CHPC's current Executive Director is Jerilyn Perine, former Housing Commissioner for New York City's Department of Housing, Preservation and Development under Mayor Rudy Giuliani and Mayor Michael Bloomberg. Previous Executive Directors have included Roger Starr and Clarence Stein.
Board.
CHPC has a huge board which includes practitioners and experts in the fields of urban planning, architecture, zoning and land use law, housing finance and development, and community development.
Archives.
Over the last seven decades, CHPC has amassed a vast archive of primary source documents, including:

</doc>
<doc id="19777245" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19777245" title="Embsay Reservoir">
Embsay Reservoir

Embsay Reservoir is located above the village of Embsay, near Skipton in the Yorkshire Dales in North Yorkshire, England. It is owned by Yorkshire Water, and is used to supply water to the north and west of Skipton. It has a dam height of .
The reservoir was built by Skipton Urban District Council to service the needs of a rapidly rising population in the area. Forty acres of Embsay Pasture were compulsorily purchased in 1905, and work started almost immediately, with the main contract being awarded to the specialist company, Messrs G H Hill and Son. Work was completed before the end of 1909, and the reservoir was full by January 10 of the following year. It was officially opened on June 21, 1910. No dwelling houses were submerged.
The reservoir is used for leisure activities such as sailing, fishing, and walking, and is the home of the Craven Sailing Club. There are car parking facilities for visitors.

</doc>
<doc id="19777249" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19777249" title="Organizing principle">
Organizing principle

An organizing principle is a core assumption from which everything else by proximity can derive a classification or a value. It is like a central reference point that allows all other objects to be located. Having an organizing principle might help one simplify and get a handle on a particularly complicated domain. On the other hand, it might create a deceptive prism that colors one's judgment.

</doc>
<doc id="19777255" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19777255" title="Espen Haavardsholm">
Espen Haavardsholm

Espen Haavardsholm (born 10 February 1945 in Oslo) is a Norwegian novelist, lyricist, biographer and essayist. He made his literary debut in 1966 with the collection of short stories, "Tidevann". He was one of the central writers in the modernist literary magazine "Profil". He has written biographies on Martin Linge (his grandfather), Aksel Sandemose and Johan Borgen.

</doc>
<doc id="19777258" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19777258" title="Abacaxis River">
Abacaxis River

The Abacaxis River is a river in Brazil that passes through Lake Guaribas before joining the Rio Madeira, a tributary of the Amazon.

</doc>
<doc id="19777261" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19777261" title="Taxa K 1640 efterlyses">
Taxa K 1640 efterlyses

Taxa K 1640 efterlyses is a 1956 Danish drama film directed by Lau Lauritzen, Jr. and starring Poul Reichhardt.

</doc>
<doc id="19777262" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19777262" title="Bogdan Zając">
Bogdan Zając

Zając made one appearance for the Poland national football team against Slovakia in 1998.

</doc>
<doc id="19777275" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19777275" title="Anne Charrier">
Anne Charrier

Anne Charrier is a French actress, who is credited with 7 films and 22 TV productions between 2000 and 2009.
She was coached for TV by the Australian Elise Mc Leod.
She is best known for her lead role in the film "Paid", made in 2006, where she played a French call girl from Netherlands. The film was exhibited at the 22nd Braunschweig International Film Festival. Charrier made her film debut in this production though she has had over 20 TV credits.

</doc>
<doc id="19777281" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19777281" title="1827 in India">
1827 in India

Events in the year 1827 in India.

</doc>
<doc id="19777337" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19777337" title="Welcome to the Rileys">
Welcome to the Rileys

Welcome to the Rileys is a 2010 American independent drama film directed by Jake Scott, written by Ken Hixon, as well as starring Kristen Stewart, James Gandolfini and Melissa Leo. The film debuted at the 2010 Sundance Film Festival.
Plot.
Ever since the death of their daughter Emily, Doug (James Gandolfini) and Lois Riley (Melissa Leo) have been drifting apart. As Lois wrestles with a suffocating sense of guilt over her daughter's death, Doug copes by entering into an affair with Vivian, a local waitress. Lately, Lois hasn't even been able to muster the courage to venture outside, summoning hairdressers to her home in order to maintain appearances and communicating with few people other than her sister Harriet and the local pastor. When Vivian dies and Doug finds himself in a New Orleans strip club during a business trip, he realizes he's come to a dangerous crossroads in life. 
Turning down an offer for a private dance by 16-year-old stripper Mallory (Kristen Stewart), Doug instead accompanies the girl home and makes a most unusual proposition: If Mallory will allow him to stay in her run-down house long enough to straighten himself out, he will pay her $100 a day for her trouble. For Mallory, who isn't used to getting money for nothing, it seems like a great deal. She accepts and Doug phones Lois to tell her he won't be coming home. As time passes, Doug and Mallory settle into an unconventional kind of domesticity. 
Meanwhile, back home, Lois realizes that she'll have to act fast in order to save her marriage, even if that means venturing well outside her comfort zone for the first time in nearly a decade. Most days she can't even make it to the mailbox, but after a couple of attempts, Lois manages to start up her car and get on the freeway heading south. When Lois arrives in Louisiana and discovers that her husband is living with a foul-mouthed, underage stripper, she is at first horrified. Like Doug before her, however, Lois quickly warms to Mallory due in part to her striking similarities to Emily. Before long, Lois, too has moved in and the three form an unconventional family. But when Lois attempts to steer Mallory from the path of self-destruction, the young girl bristles. Mallory is arrested after an altercation with a client and Doug and Lois rush to be by her side, but shortly after they bail her out, she runs away. Doug and Lois realize they cannot use Mallory as a substitute for their daughter and return to Indianapolis. Shortly after returning and settling back at home, Doug receives a phone call from Mallory in Houston. She announces her plans about moving to Las Vegas, just before boarding the bus. Doug clarifies to her that she will always be supported by his family, if any needs should come. Doug and Lois finally begin to re-engage with the world.
Production.
Filming took place in New Orleans in late fall of 2008.
Reception.
The film screened at the 2010 Sundance film festival and generally received mixed reviews with a 54% rating on Rotten Tomatoes. 
While some critics criticized the direction, script, as well as performances, film critic Roger Ebert stated, "One of the buzz champs of Sundance 2010. Gandolfini demonstrates that although he may not be conventionally handsome, when he smiles his face bathes you in the urge to like him. Kristen Stewart here is tougher even than her punk rocker in "The Runaways"." Roger Friedman of "The Hollywood Reporter" said, “We got to see James Gandolfini continue his whacking of Tony Soprano in a fine new drama called "Welcome to the Rileys". Gandolfini and Melissa Leo turn in superb performances as a couple who’ve lost their 15-year-old daughter. Kristen Stewart, she of "Twilight" fame, is also very good as a teen prostitute whom the couple befriends. The film is directed by Jake Scott, son of Ridley, nephew of Tony, and he shows that he’s inherited the family gene." Anthony Breznican of "USA Today" also noted that “Kristen Stewart's shocking depiction of a self-destructive 16-year-old stripper/prostitute in "Welcome to the Rileys" is bound to scandalize. Those who prefer her only as "Twilight"'s lovestruck Bella may be shocked, while others who know her more nuanced work in films such as "Adventureland" will see a fearless new side of the actress confirmed." However, David Edwards from the "Daily Mirror" says, "It's downbeat and has little to say about the grieving process, and while Gandolfini and Leo are memorable, Stewart is not." 
Director Jake Scott received a Grand Jury Prize nomination for Most Dramatic Film at the Sundance Film Festival, after "Welcome to the Rileys" screened there. Melissa Leo won best actress at Boston Film critics, James Gandolfini was nominated as best actor while Kristen Stewart won best actress at Milan International Film Festival.

</doc>
<doc id="19777338" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19777338" title="Jesús Adrián Romero">
Jesús Adrián Romero

Jesús Adrián Romero is a Mexican author, Interdenominational music singer, composer, and pastor from Hermosillo, Sonora in Mexico. 
Romero is the founder and president of Vastago Producciones, a record label dedicated to the production and distribution of music with a Christian message. Vastago Producciones also organizes and promotes concerts with Christian music.
He currently resides in Monterrey, Mexico.
Discography.
Duets.
Centro de Alabanza

</doc>
<doc id="19777355" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19777355" title="Jeg elsker dig">
Jeg elsker dig

Jeg elsker dig is a 1957 Danish family film directed by Torben Anton Svendsen and starring Annie Birgit Garde.

</doc>
<doc id="19777375" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19777375" title="Scott Bruun">
Scott Bruun

Lorentz Scott Bruun ( ; born May 3, 1966) is a Republican politician from the US state of Oregon. He served in the Oregon House of Representatives representing District 37, which encompasses some of the southern suburbs of Portland, Oregon, including part or all of the cities of Durham, Lake Oswego, Rivergrove, Tualatin and West Linn, as well as the hamlet of Stafford and parts of unincorporated Clackamas County. Bruun did not seek re-election in 2010 and was the Republican nominee for in 2010, losing to incumbent Kurt Schrader.
Early life and career.
Bruun grew up in Portland, Oregon and graduated from Lincoln High School. He earned a bachelor's degree in political science from the University of Oregon in 1988 and an MBA from Portland State University in 1992. He worked as a commercial and corporate banker for more than ten years before joining his family's general contracting company Lorentz Bruun as vice president and chief financial officer.
Political campaigns.
1996.
In April 1996, Bruun sought the Republican nomination for a special election to complete the term for the United States House of Representatives seat in Oregon's 3rd congressional district, vacated when Ron Wyden won election to the United States Senate. Bruun lost the Republican primary to Mark Brunelle, who then lost the special election to Earl Blumenauer. However, Bruun was unopposed for the Republican nomination for the November election for the full term because Brunelle failed to register for the May primary. Blumenauer went on to defeat Bruun to win re-election to the seat.
2004, 2006, 2008.
In 2004, Bruun won a close election for a vacant seat in the Oregon House of Representatives over Jim Morton. He was re-elected in 2006, and again in 2008, facing Democratic West Linn city councilor Michele Eberle.
2010.
Bruun unsuccessfully challenged Democratic incumbent Kurt Schrader for a seat in the House of Representatives in . In May 2010, Bruun won the Republican nomination against Fred Thompson.
Personal.
Bruun and his wife Alison live in West Linn with their two children.

</doc>
<doc id="19777377" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19777377" title="Mini DisplayPort">
Mini DisplayPort

The Mini DisplayPort (MiniDP or mDP) is a miniaturized version of the DisplayPort audio-visual digital interface. The functionality and signals are identical. Apple announced the Mini DisplayPort in October 2008. As of November 17, 2013, Apple fit the port to the LED Cinema Display and all new Macintosh computers: MacBook, MacBook Pro, MacBook Air, iMac, Mac mini, Mac Pro, and Xserve. The Mini DisplayPort is also fitted to some PC notebooks from various manufacturers including Asus, Microsoft, Lenovo, Toshiba, HP, and Dell. It is also fitted to some recent motherboards.
Unlike its Mini-DVI and Micro-DVI predecessors, the Mini DisplayPort is capable of driving display devices with resolutions up to 2560×1600 (WQXGA). With a passive adapter, the Mini DisplayPort can drive display devices with VGA, DVI, or HDMI interfaces.
Apple offers a free license for the Mini DisplayPort but they reserve the right to cancel the license should the licensee "commence an action for patent infringement against Apple".
Compatibility.
The Video Electronics Standards Association (VESA) states that, "DisplayPort assures that you get the best experience from your LCD, it simplifies display design and connections, enables interoperability with existing display interfaces and provides a technology foundation to deliver new and exciting display capabilities."
However, the removal of the DVI port from the MacBook, MacBook Air and MacBook Pro in favor of Mini DisplayPort, and the use of Mini DisplayPort as the video connector for the new 24-inch Cinema Display, may complicate compatibility:

</doc>
<doc id="19777380" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19777380" title="The Dark Side of Fame with Piers Morgan">
The Dark Side of Fame with Piers Morgan

The Dark Side of Fame with Piers Morgan is a BBC television series presented by Piers Morgan exploring the downside of fame. The show follows an interview format in which each episode is devoted to one particular celebrity figure who has seen the "dark side of fame". Morgan, a former tabloid editor, questions the guest on these experiences. The show is similar in nature to another show Morgan previously presented on the BBC "You can't fire me, I'm famous!".
Reception.
So far, the show has gained a negative critical reception.

</doc>
<doc id="19777415" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19777415" title="Sønnen fra Amerika">
Sønnen fra Amerika

Sønnen fra Amerika is a 1957 Danish family film directed by Jon Iversen and starring Peter Malberg.

</doc>
<doc id="19777420" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19777420" title="1817 in India">
1817 in India

Events in the year 1817 in India.

</doc>
<doc id="19777438" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19777438" title="Love Unlimited (album)">
Love Unlimited (album)

"From a Girl's Point of View We Give to You... Love Unlimited" is the debut studio album of American soul vocal trio Love Unlimited, released in 1972 on Uni Records and MCA Records. Produced by soul recording artist Barry White, for whom the trio served as a backing group at the time, the album was arranged by White and conductor Gene Page. It was digitally remastered by recording engineer Bill Inglot and reissued on May 10, 1994 by Varèse Vintage.
Background.
Love Unlimited was made up of Diane Taylor and sisters Glodean and Linda James. Glodean originally met recording artist and future husband Barry White through a mutual friend. She was a fan of Viola Wills' single "Lost Without the Love of My Guy", a song co-written and arranged by White. White rehearsed for almost a year with the trio, who had not done any professional singing before, and came up with their stage name, Love Unlimited. White wrote "Walkin' in the Rain With the One I Love" with lyrics that were inspired by conversations with Glodean; the two engage in "phoned"-in dialogue on the song. White's business partner Larry Nunes took the record to record executive and Uni Records-head Russ Regan.
Reception.
The album charted at number 151 on the US "Billboard" 200 chart and produced the hit single "Walkin' in the Rain with the One I Love", which reached number 14 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 and number six on the Soul Singles chart. The single was certified gold by the Recording Industry Association of America on July 24, 1972, for shipments of 500,000 copies in the United States. The single's success helped the album sell one million copies. 
"Love Unlimited" was well received by contemporary music critics. Allmusic writer John Bush gave it four-and-a-half out of five stars called it "a cohesive album-length meditation on the highs and lows of love, delivered by a satiny girl group trio pillowed in one of the warmest production surroundings yet heard on a pop album". Bush complimented its suite-like concept and praised Barry White's production and songwriting for the album, stating "White's arrangements are reminiscent of the mid-'60s Holland-Dozier-Holland sound, but with all the icy edges melted off and the driving drumwork coaxed into a mid-tempo crawl". "Q" gave the album four out of five stars and described the trio as "the logical conclusion of the female soul sound", commenting that "the romantic melody achieved a giant stateliness designed to be a feminine version of the Barry White sound".

</doc>
<doc id="19777445" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19777445" title="1936–37 Serie C">
1936–37 Serie C

The Serie C 1936–1937 was the second tournament of this competition.

</doc>
<doc id="19777466" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19777466" title="Marion Fricano">
Marion Fricano

Marion John Fricano (July 15, 1923 – May 18, 1976) was a Major League Baseball pitcher. He pitched all or part of four seasons in the majors, from until , for the Athletics (1952-54 in Philadelphia, 1955 in Kansas City).

</doc>
<doc id="19777510" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19777510" title="Hatherley">
Hatherley

Hatherley may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19777533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19777533" title="Laan mig din kone">
Laan mig din kone

Laan mig din kone is a 1957 Danish comedy film directed by Preben Neergaard and Anker Sørensen and starring Gunnar Lauring.

</doc>
<doc id="19777535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19777535" title="Sporolactobacillus">
Sporolactobacillus

Sporolactobacillus is a genus of anaerobic endospore-forming Gram-positive motile rod-shaped lactic acid bacteria.
Members of this genus are catalase-negative, do not reduce nitrates to nitrites, and do not form indole. Lactic acid is produced actively without liberation of gas from glucose, fructose, mannose, sucrose, maltose, trehalose, raffinose, inulin, mannitol, sorbitol and alpha-methyl glucoside.
"Sporolactobacillus" grows readily at temperatures between 25-40 °C. The optimal temperature for growth lies around 35 °C.

</doc>
<doc id="19777556" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19777556" title="1903 in India">
1903 in India

Events in the year 1903 in India.

</doc>
<doc id="19777563" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19777563" title="Swanpool, Devon">
Swanpool, Devon

Swanpool, near Braunton, Devon, England, is a Site of Special Scientific Interest (SSSI) managed by the Devon Wildlife Trust as a nature reserve. It is a small area of coastal grassland and marsh.
Swanpool Marsh nature reserve forms part of the Braunton-Swanpool coastal marshland SSSI. Devon Wildlife Trust purchased it in 1988. Because it is close to sea level and poorly drained, the water table is at or near the surface for much of the year.

</doc>
<doc id="19777572" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19777572" title="Platja d'en Bossa">
Platja d'en Bossa

Platja d'en Bossa (, ) is a major holiday resort on the Spanish island of Ibiza primarily catering for the British and German package holiday market. It is in the municipality of Sant Josep de sa Talaia and is situated approximately to the South of Ibiza Town.
The island's main airport is approximately away from Platja d'en Bossa.

</doc>
<doc id="19777586" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19777586" title="Margarita Henríquez">
Margarita Henríquez

Margarita Esther Henríquez Rodríguez (born April 17, 1991, Panama) is the winner of the third season of "Latin American Idol", which she won on October 9, 2008.
Biography.
Henríquez became the youngest contestant to win and the third one since Carlos Peña. Henríquez beat the runner up María José Castillo for the title. She released her first album under the Sony BMG label on December 1, 2008. It has been very successful on Panama. It contains six songs that she perform during the TV Show, her song "Vuela" has been successful on the Panamenians radio stations.

</doc>
<doc id="19777624" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19777624" title="UMB66">
UMB66

3-Chloropropanoic acid (also "3-chloropropionic acid") or UMB66 is a drug used in scientific research. It is structurally related to GHB and binds to the GHB receptor, but has no affinity for GABA receptors. It is also an active ingredient in some herbicide blends. Overdose may cause unconsciousness and/or convulsions.
Density 1,27g/cm3
appearance white to off white crystalline powder
melting point 38-41 °C
boiling point 203-205 °C
flash point 125 °C

</doc>
<doc id="19777628" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19777628" title="Englen i sort">
Englen i sort

Englen i sort is a 1957 Danish family film directed by Sven Methling and starring Emil Hass Christensen.

</doc>
<doc id="19777651" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19777651" title="1863 in India">
1863 in India

Events in the year 1863 in India.

</doc>
<doc id="19777655" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19777655" title="List of elements by atomic properties">
List of elements by atomic properties

This is a list of chemical elements and their atomic properties.

</doc>
<doc id="19777666" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19777666" title="1902 in India">
1902 in India

Events in the year 1902 in India.

</doc>
<doc id="19777671" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19777671" title="The Mighty Sprouts">
The Mighty Sprouts

The Mighty Sprouts is a series of five pre-school television shows produced by The Walt Disney Company for their Playhouse Disney (UK & Ireland) channel.
One of the child stars is Freya Karlettis a young girl who currently goes to St Edwards' Secondary School And Sixth Form and is 11.

</doc>
<doc id="19777692" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19777692" title="Gentle on My Mind (1972 Glen Campbell album)">
Gentle on My Mind (1972 Glen Campbell album)

Gentle on My Mind is a compilation album of singles and album tracks by Glen Campbell released on Capitol records between 1963 and 1971. This album should not be confused with the 1967 Capitol studio album "Gentle on My Mind".
Track listing.
Side 1:
Side 2:

</doc>
<doc id="19777704" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19777704" title="History of the Liberal Democratic Party (Japan)">
History of the Liberal Democratic Party (Japan)

This is a History of the Liberal Democratic Party of Japan.
History.
Beginnings.
The LDP was formed in 1955 as a merger between two of Japan's political parties, the and the , both right-wing conservative parties, as a united front against the then popular Japan Socialist Party. The party won the following elections, and Japan's first conservative government with a majority was formed by 1955. It would hold majority government until 1993.
The LDP began with reforming Japan's foreign affairs, ranging from entry into the United Nations, to establishing diplomatic ties with the Soviet Union. Its leaders in the 1950s also made the LDP the main government party, and in all the elections of the 1950s, the LDP won the majority vote, with the only other opposition coming from the left-wing, made up of the Japan Socialist Party and the Japanese Communist Party. 
From the 1950s through the 1970s, the United States Central Intelligence Agency spent millions of dollars attempting to influence elections in Japan to favor the LDP against more leftist parties such as the Socialists and the Communists, although this was not revealed until the mid-1990s when it was exposed by "The New York Times".
1960s to 1990s.
For the majority of the 1960s, the LDP (and Japan) were led by Eisaku Sato, beginning with the hosting of the 1964 Summer Olympics in Tokyo, and ending in 1972 with Japanese neutrality in the Vietnam War and with the beginning of the Japanese asset price bubble. By the end of the 1970s, the LDP went into its decline, where even though it held the reins of government many scandals plagued the party, while the opposition (now joined with the Komeito (Former)) gained momentum.
In 1976, in the wake of the Lockheed bribery scandals, a handful of younger LDP Diet members broke away and established their own party, the New Liberal Club (Shin Jiyu Kurabu). A decade later, however, it was reabsorbed by the LDP.
By the late 1970s, the Japan Socialist Party, the Japanese Communist Party, and the Komeito along with the international community used major pressure to have Japan switch diplomatic ties from the Republic of China to the People's Republic of China. During the 1980s, the LDP was responsible for Japan's unprecedented economic growth, and the successful economy. 
By the early 1990s, the LDP's nearly four decades in power allowed it to establish a highly stable process of policy formation. This process would not have been possible if other parties had secured parliamentary majorities. LDP strength was based on an enduring, although not unchallenged, coalition of big business, small business, agriculture, professional groups, and other interests. Elite bureaucrats collaborated closely with the party and interest groups in drafting and implementing policy. In a sense, the party's success was a result not of its internal strength but of its weakness. It lacked a strong, nationwide organization or consistent ideology with which to attract voters. Its leaders were rarely decisive, charismatic, or popular. But it functioned efficiently as a locus for matching interest group money and votes with bureaucratic power and expertise. This arrangement resulted in corruption, but the party could claim credit for helping to create economic growth and a stable, middle-class Japan.
Out of power.
But by 1993, the end of the miracle economy and other reasons (e.g. Recruit scandal) led to the LDP losing its majority in that year's general election. 
Seven opposition parties—including several formed by LDP dissidents—formed a government headed by LDP dissident Morihiro Hosokawa of the Japan New Party. However, the LDP was still far and away the largest party in the House of Representatives, with well over 200 seats; no other party crossed the 80-seat mark.
In 1994, the Socialists and New Party Sakigake left the ruling coalition, joining the LDP in the opposition. The remaining members of the coalition tried to stay in power as a makeshift minority government, but this failed when the LDP and the Socialists, bitter rivals for 40 years, formed a majority coalition. The new government was dominated by the LDP, but it allowed a Socialist to occupy the Prime Minister's chair until 1996, when the LDP's Ryutaro Hashimoto took over.
1996-2009.
In the 1996 election, the LDP made some gains, but was still 12 seats short of a majority. However, no other party could possibly form a government, and Hashimoto formed a solidly LDP minority government. Through a series of floor-crossings, the LDP regained its majority within a year.
The party was practically unopposed until 1998, when the opposition Democratic Party of Japan was formed. Since then the opposition has been gaining momentum, especially in the 2003 and 2004 Parliamentary Elections.
In the dramatically paced 2003 House of Representatives elections, the LDP won 237 seats, while the DPJ won 177 seats. In the 2004 House of Councillors elections, in the seats up for grabs, the LDP won 49 seats and the DPJ 50, though in all seats (including those uncontested) the LDP still had a total of 114. Because of this electoral loss, former Secretary General Shinzo Abe turned in his resignation, but Party President Koizumi merely demoted him in rank, and he was replaced by Tsutomu Takebe.
On 10 November 2003, the New Conservative Party ("Hoshu Shintō") was absorbed into the LDP, a move which was largely because of the New Conservative Party's poor showing in the 2003 general election. The LDP formed a coalition with the conservative Buddhist New Komeito. 
The LDP remained the largest party in both houses of the Diet, until 29 July 2007, when the LDP lost its majority in the upper house.
In a party leadership election held on 23 September 2007, the LDP elected Yasuo Fukuda as its President. Fukuda defeated Taro Aso for the post, receiving 330 votes against 197 votes for Aso. However Fukuda resigned suddenly in September 2008, and Aso became Prime Minister after winning the presidency of the LDP in a 5-way election. 
In the 2009 elections, the LDP was roundly defeated, winning only 118 seats—easily the worst defeat of a sitting government in modern Japanese history, and also the first real transfer of political power in the post-war era. Accepting responsibility for this severe defeat, Aso announced his resignation as LDP president on election night. Sadakazu Tanigaki was elected leader of the party on 28 September 2009, after a three way race, becoming only the second LDP leader who was not simultaneously prime minister.
Presidents of the LDP.
With the exception of Yohei Kono and Sadakazu Tanigaki, every has also served as Prime Minister of Japan.

</doc>
<doc id="19777711" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19777711" title="Mikhail Ledovskikh">
Mikhail Ledovskikh

Mikhail Ledovskikh, born August 8, 1986, in Almaty, Kazakhstan, is a professional tennis player. He began playing tennis when he was seven. Currently residing in Sochi, Russia, he is coached by Alec Baranov.

</doc>
<doc id="19777721" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19777721" title="Introductio in analysin infinitorum">
Introductio in analysin infinitorum

Introductio in analysin infinitorum (Introduction to the Analysis of the Infinite) is a two-volume work by Leonhard Euler which lays the foundations of mathematical analysis. Published in 1748, the "Introductio" contains 18 chapters in the first part and 22 chapters in the second. 
Carl Boyer's lectures at the 1950 International Congress of Mathematicians compared the influence of Euler's Introductio to that of Euclid's "Elements", calling the "Elements" the foremost textbook of ancient times, and the "Introductio" "the foremost textbook of modern times".
The only translation into English is that by John D. Blanton, published in 1988.

</doc>
<doc id="19777740" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19777740" title="2008 term opinions of the Supreme Court of the United States">
2008 term opinions of the Supreme Court of the United States

This is a list of the opinions delivered from the bench by the Supreme Court of the United States during its 2008 term, which began on October 6, 2008, and concluded October 4, 2009, and statistics associated therewith. The table illustrates which opinion was filed by each justice in each case, and which justices joined each opinion.
2008 term membership and statistics.
This is the fourth term of Chief Justice Roberts' tenure and the third full term with the present membership of the Court.

</doc>
<doc id="19777768" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19777768" title="Vineta (board game)">
Vineta (board game)

Vineta is a strategy board game based loosely on the fabled island of Vineta. In the game, players take on the roles of Norse Gods trying to sink 8 of the 9 districts of Vineta with tidal waves while trying to save their followers. It was published by Winning Moves Games USA in 2008 as the fifth game in its "Immortal Eyes" line.
Gameplay.
The goal of the game is to have the most points. Points are earned by keeping followers alive on the last island district at the end of the game, collecting them from sinking districts, collecting others' followers, and from having your chosen district be the last one remaining.
Players start the game by getting two tiles, showing them their follower color and the island section they wish to protect. The follower houses are randomly placed around the board by the players and they each shuffle and draw seven cards from their decks. The game is played over 8 rounds with 3 turns in each round. Each turn, players lay a card they wish to play that turn face-down. The start player for the turn reveals and plays their card and the other players do the same, drawing back to seven cards after playing. Once all have played their cards, the start player token passes and the next turn begins.
There are two types of cards the players can play: Flood cards and Action cards. Flood cards are what players play on outer island districts into "storm rows" to try to sink that district that round. Action cards allow flood cards to be moved and discarded, as well as allow players to move follower houses and make the round shorter or longer by a turn. At the end of each round, the district with the highest total in its storm row sinks. In order of cards played in the row, the gods who contributed to that district sinking claim one follower house from the sinking district.
Play continues until eight of the nine districts of the island have been sunk. At that point, players reveal their tiles and final scoring occurs. Players gain three points per follower they saved on the final district, two points for each claimed off a sinking district, one for each other god's follower they claimed from sinking districts, and two to seven points if the last district is the one they were trying to save.
Awards.
2004 Concours International de Créateurs de Jeux de Société award winner (under the name of "Waka-Waka Island").

</doc>
<doc id="19777771" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19777771" title="Paseo de los Lagos">
Paseo de los Lagos

Paseo de los Lagos is a lake and public path located in the city of Xalapa in Veracruz state in eastern Mexico. It was once the site of an ancient dam. 
Today, Paseo de los Lago consists of footpaths surrounded by leafy trees, with the lake and a fresh-water spring in the middle.

</doc>
<doc id="19777772" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19777772" title="1842 in India">
1842 in India

Events in the year 1842 in India.

</doc>
<doc id="19777789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19777789" title="1901 in India">
1901 in India

Events in the year 1901 in India.

</doc>
<doc id="19777795" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19777795" title="Springfield Gardens High School">
Springfield Gardens High School

Springfield Gardens High School was a four-year public high school located 143-10 Springfield Boulevard, in Springfield Gardens in the New York City borough of Queens. 
After years of poor performance, the school graduated its last class in June 2007. The school had poor test scores and a high drop-out rate. 
The school is now a complex made up of four other schools named Springfield Gardens Educational Campus. The schools are named Preparatory Academy for Writers, Queens Preparatory High School, Excelsior Preparatory High School and George Washington Carver High. Things have been getting better for the school as a whole. (Still dubbed Springfield High collectively.) The Preparatory Academy carries sixth and seventh graders and is the only school of the four currently taking junior high students.
Notable alumni.
This is a partial list of notable alumni of Springfield Gardens High School. Names on this list should either have an accompanying existing article link which verifies they are an alumnus, or reliable sources as footnotes against the name showing they are a notable alumnus.

</doc>
<doc id="19777813" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19777813" title="Live at the House of Blues (Thrice album)">
Live at the House of Blues (Thrice album)

Live at the House of Blues is a live album from the band Thrice released by Vagrant Records on December 9, 2008. The album spans two CDs and includes a DVD featuring live footage and an exclusive interview in which the band answers fan-submitted questions. The track listing consists of songs from 2002's "The Illusion of Safety" through 2008's "The Alchemy Index Vols. III & IV". The live footage was filmed at the House of Blues in Anaheim, California.
Track listing.
The DVD listing is the same as the CDs.

</doc>
<doc id="19777824" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19777824" title="Factions in the Liberal Democratic Party (Japan)">
Factions in the Liberal Democratic Party (Japan)

In a sense, the Liberal Democratic Party of Japan is not a single organization but a conglomeration of competitive factions, which, despite the traditional emphasis on consensus and harmony, engage in bitter infighting. Over the years, factions numbered from six to thirteen, with as few as four members and as many as 120, counting those in both houses. The system is operative in both houses, although it was more deeply entrenched in the House of Representatives than in the less powerful House of Councillors. Faction leaders usually are veteran LDP politicians. Many, but not all, have served as prime minister.
Faction leaders offer their followers services without which the followers would find it difficult, if not impossible, to survive politically. Leaders provide funds for the day-to-day operation of Diet members' offices and staff as well as financial support during expensive election campaigns. The operating allowances provided by the government are inadequate, even after the introduction of public funding in 1994. The leader also introduce his followers to influential bureaucrats and business people, which make it much easier for the followers to satisfy their constituents' demands.
Historical factions.
Historically, the most powerful and aggressive faction leader in the LDP was Kakuei Tanaka, whose Mokuyo Club factions dual-house strength in the early 1980s exceeded 110. His followers remained loyal despite the fact that he had been convicted of receiving ¥500 million (nearly US$4 million) in bribes from Lockheed (the Lockheed scandal) to facilitate the purchase of its passenger aircraft by All Nippon Airways and that he had formally withdrawn from the LDP. Tanaka and his most bitter factional rival, Takeo Fukuda, were a study in contrasts. Tanaka was a roughhewn wheeler-dealer with a primary school education who had made a fortune in the construction industry; Fukuda was an elite product of the University of Tokyo Law Faculty and a career bureaucrat.
In the face of Fukuda's strong opposition, Tanaka engineered the selections of prime ministers Masayoshi Ohira (1978–80) and Zenko Suzuki (1980–82). The accession of Yasuhiro Nakasone to the prime ministership in 1982 would also not have occurred without Tanaka's support. As a result, Nakasone, at that time a politically weak figure, was nicknamed "Tanakasone." But Tanaka's faction was dealt a grave blow when one of his subordinates, Noboru Takeshita, decided to form a breakaway group. Tanaka suffered a stroke in November 1985, but four years passed before he formally retired from politics.
The LDP faction system was closely fitted to the House of Representatives' medium-sized, multiple-member election districts. The party usually ran more than one candidate in each of these constituencies to maintain its lower house majority, and these candidates were from different factions. During an election campaign, the LDP, in a real sense, ran not only against the opposition but also against itself. In fact, intraparty competition within one election district was often more bitter than interparty competition, with two or more LDP candidates vying for the same block of conservative votes. For example, in the House of Representatives election of February 18, 1990, three LDP and three opposition candidates competed for five seats in a southwestern prefecture. Two of the LDP candidates publicly expressed bitterness over the entry of the third, a son of the prefectural governor. Local television showed supporters of one of the LDP candidates cheering loudly when the governor's son was edged out for the fifth seat by a Komeito candidate.
List of major historical factions.
The LDP's factions can loosely be grouped into two main currents. They developed in the years following the "conservative merger" ("hoshu gōdō") of 1955 when Shigeru Yoshida's Liberal Party and Ichirō Hatoyama's Japan Democratic Party united to form the LDP. Factions of former Liberals are called "hoshu honryū" ("conservative mainstream") while the factions of former Democrats "hoshu bōryū" ("conservative anti-mainstream"). Present-day factions and leaders (as of January 2010) in bold.
Currently-existing factions.
There are currently five major factions in the LDP. While most factions have official titles, in the Japanese media they are usually referred to by the names of their current leaders. From most to least powerful, they are:
"Seiwa Seisaku Kenkyūkai" ['Seiwa Political-analysis Council'] (Machimura Faction).
Led by ex-Foreign Minister Nobutaka Machimura. Founded by Takeo Fukuda in 1962. It is a pro-classical economics, nationalist (it includes many Japanese Neoconservatives) and conservative faction. Former Prime Minister and Party President Shinzō Abe belonged to this faction. His deceased father Shintaro Abe was an ex-leader of this faction (1986–1991). Ex-Prime Ministers Junichiro Koizumi and Yoshirō Mori also formerly led the faction. As of 2004 it has overtaken the Hashimoto faction in the more powerful Lower House, but it continues to trail in total number of members in both houses combined. It currently holds 51 seats in the Lower House and 23 seats in the Upper House.
"Heisei Kenkyūkai" ['Heisei Research Council'] (Tsushima Faction).
The current chairman is Yuji Tsushima since September 2005. Formerly led by Ex-PM Ryutaro Hashimoto. The Tsushima faction was preceded by the Takeshita Faction of Noboru Takeshita. The faction's "de facto" leader is now Upper House member Mikio Aoki. It is a Keynesian, Right-liberal and pro-China faction. It has strong influence on bureaucrats. Ex-PM Hashimoto and the entire faction were recently hit with a scandal where the faction had apparently taken money from the Japan Dental Association. Hashimoto resigned as chairman of the faction in 2004 and retired from politics the following year. Possible replacements included Kosuke Hori, Fumio Kyuma, Takao Fujii, and Fukushiro Nukaga. It currently has 48 seats in the Lower House and 29 seats in the Upper House. It is split with members who support Mr. Koizumi and those who do not. There are more supporting Mr. Koizumi. Because it has been the largest in numbers, the accusation of influence peddling and pork-barrel politics is rife. It is a descendant of the Tanaka faction.
"Shisuikai" Plan Association (Ibuki Faction).
Led by Bunmei Ibuki. After one member of this faction committed suicide at the beginning of August 2005 it has 27 seats in the Lower House and 18 seats in the Upper House. It is considered by many to be the most right-wing grouping among the major factions, though it is Keynesian and Right liberal in general and pro-International cooperation. This faction has effectively been dissolved since Kamei and other members left the party to establish the People's New Party in opposition to the postal privatisation bills.
"Kōchikai" Reservoir Association (Koga Faction).
The current chairman is Makoto Koga. Mitsuo Horiuchi was co-leader until he temporarily left the faction in October 2006. It currently has 32 seats in the Lower House and 14 seats in the Upper House. This group was under the leadership of Koichi Kato until a split in 2001. It is moderate on internal and foreign affairs but more conservative and critical to Mr. Koizumi but still moderately nationalist, and more successful than the section led by Kato. This faction historically has been the most prestigious faction, with many of its members drawn from the upper-ranks of the elite bureaucracy.
"Kōchikai" (Tanigaki Faction).
Led by Sadakazu Tanigaki. It was led by Koichi Kato until 2002, when Katō temporarily quit the Diet over a financial scandal surrounding his personal secretary. Kato was leader of the united Kochikai (including the wing now led by Horiuchi) until 2001, when the Kato Faction split after Katō had staged a failed rebellion against then-Prime Minister Mori Yoshirō. It has 12 seats in the Lower House and 4 seats in the Upper House. More moderate on internal and foreign affairs and in terms of nationalism than the Koga and Machimura factions.
"Kinmirai Seiji Kenkyūkai" ['Research for Politics of the Near Future'] (Yamasaki Faction).
Led by Taku Yamasaki. It has 24 seats in the Lower House and 5 seats in the Upper House. Moderate in general, conservative and aggressive with China and North Korea on Foreign Issues.
"Banchō Seisaku Kenkyūjo" ['Bancho Policy-analysis Institute'] (Komura Faction).
Led by Masahiko Komura. It has 12 seats in the Lower House and 2 seats in the Upper House. It is a pro-China and centrist faction.
"Ikōkai" for (formerly known as "Taiyūkai" Hiroshi Committee) (Kono Faction).
Formerly led by Yōhei Konō, who is now Speaker of the House of Representatives. Once part of the former Katō faction, though this group split off during the mid-1990s. It has 9 seats in the Lower House and 1 seat in the Upper House. It is more critical to Koizumi and more reformist and pro-Chinese than the Machimura faction’s classical economics conservative nationalists. It is now known as the Former Kono Faction because the resignation of the faction chief and the inability of the faction to decide on a new leader.
"Atarashii Nami" ['New Wave'] (Nikai Faction).
Led by Toshihiro Nikai. It includes members of the former reformist conservative New Conservative Party, which was dissolved in 2003. It is one of the most right-wing groups in the LDP. It has 4 seats in the Lower House and 2 seats in the Upper House. Like the New Conservative Party who preceaded it, it is made up of socially very conservative former Rightist elements of the Social democrat/Social liberal Democratic Party who agreed with its reformism, but later joined the LDP on basis of shared conservatism.
Unaffiliated diet members.
There are 25 factionally unaffiliated LDP members in the Lower House and 17 in the Upper House.

</doc>
<doc id="19777835" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19777835" title="List of colleges and universities in Oklahoma City">
List of colleges and universities in Oklahoma City

Oklahoma City and surrounding suburbs are home to a variety of colleges and universities, including:

</doc>
<doc id="19777839" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19777839" title="Nethergate, Norfolk">
Nethergate, Norfolk

Nethergate is a Hamlet within the civil parish of Hindolveston in the English county of Norfolk. The Hamlet is miles west south west of Cromer, miles north north west of Norwich and miles north east of London. The Hamlet lies miles south of the town of Holt. The nearest railway station is at Sheringham for the Bittern Line which runs between Sheringham, Cromer and Norwich. The nearest airport is Norwich International Airport.

</doc>
<doc id="19777852" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19777852" title="Mustafa (film)">
Mustafa (film)

Mustafa is a 2008 Turkish biographical documentary about Mustafa Kemal Atatürk, the founder and first president of the Republic of Turkey, which was written and directed by Can Dündar. The film, which controversially concentrates on Atatürk's personal life, is the first documentary covering Atatürk's life from his early years to his death. It was released on Republic Day, 2008, to coincide with the 85th anniversary of the foundation of the Turkish Republic.
Production.
A detailed literature review was made of books written about Atatürk, national and international newspapers and diplomatic letters in preparation for the production. Dündar and his team were given special access to many national and international archives, including those at the President's Office and the General Staff, uncovering several previously unseen photos, memoirs, special letters and manuscripts of Atatürk which were used in the production.
The film was shot over nine months on locations including Thessalonica, Manastır, Berlin, Damascus, Sofia, Carlsbad and Istanbul, the places where Atatürk lived, and some scenes were shot in the room where he was born and the one where he died. His personal belongings, memoirs, headquarters where he worked, houses where he lived, documents that he left, songs he liked and remarks he uttered were all used in the documentary.
Internationally known Balkan-origin musician Goran Bregovic composed the soundtrack for the film. Some media referred to Bregovic as “a Bosnian musician”, while others modified his name to “Zoran”, but his music was praised.
Synopsis.
The documentary tells Atatürk's life from an objective point of view and tries to give a sympathetic account of a real-life story. The film detaches him from known stereotypes and presents him as a human that has fears, weaknesses, desires and ideals. It is the first film that depicts the private side of the deified leader, who, according to the filmmakers, remained lonely despite being among crowds.
Reception.
Box Office.
During the first week of its release in Turkey the film was shown in more than 200 theaters. It was seen by 772,694 people in the first 12 days. Some of its critics used the media to discourage people from seeing it.
Reviews.
Dündar is, according to "Today's Zaman" reviewer Emine Yıldırım, "a highly respected journalist and one of the most well-respected specialists on republican history" who, "investigates, making use of an extensive pool of archives and carefully crafted reconstructed scenes, not just the political but the personal trials and tribulations of the founder of modern Turkey, supported by an insightfully articulate narrative and the moving music of Goran Bregovic," but "aside from a few anecdotes, his film does not present anything we don’t already know about Atatürk." "The reconstructions use different actors in the different periods of Mustafa Kemal’s life, but we never clearly see any of the actors’ faces, which are hidden in soft shadows in the film’s cinematography, perpetuating the notion of Atatürk as a “superhuman figure” who is beyond flesh and bone," Yıldırım continues, "But what am I saying? God knows, what would have happened if Dündar had tried to take bolder steps and shared everything he discovered during his investigations with us? Probably a film that would have been canned."
Controversy.
When "Mustafa" was released, according to "Hürriyet Daily News" reviewer Emrah Güler, "it divided the nation into two, with one group praising the movie for its unprecedented portrayal of Atatürk as a human being, while the other criticized Dündar’s attempts at bringing the leader down from his pedestal. The controversy, of course, worked for the film. More than half a million people watched "Mustafa" in its first week, a fact which helped other Atatürk projects get the go ahead." Later he states, "two films on Atatürk were released, "Veda" ("Farewell") and "" ("Today’s Lesson, Atatürk"), each movie being watched by around 1 million people."
"The film brought on so much controversy and debate because of its alternative view of its protagonist that Dündar must have aged at least 10 years because of all the insults he had to put up with from an army of journalists, columnists, historians, politicians, etc.," "Today's Zaman" reviewer Emine Yıldırım said of the controversy. "If you ask me," he continued, "I thought the film ultimately borders on mediocrity and doesn’t really tell us anything we don’t already know about Atatürk — he was a great leader, he was a visionary, he founded a nation from almost zilch, and, yes, he did have a fondness for the ladies and enjoyed his beverages. No one told anyone to take his or her children to see the film if that's going to be a problem. But the catch is, just like the old saying goes, there’s no bad publicity except your own obituary, and as such, Dündar must at least be relieved to see that his film has attracted 1.1 million viewers."
Atatürk's personal story is not well known in the West. The criticism is based on the level of his portrayal in the film. It is a largely sympathetic portrayal. The film included scenes showing him susceptible to depression and fond of women and alcohol. It is claimed that these scenes degraded the historical significance and served the interests of Islamists. Dundar's film provoked a heated national debate.
Dundar said that the film reveals the face of a genuine and sensitive leader. The Turkish Minister of Culture has also spoken in defence: "He was a human being just like the rest of us, with his hopes, disappointments, his demons and moments of happiness."
Prof. Ahmet Ercan and Prof. Orhan Kural, the heads of anti-smoking groups, filed a complaint arguing that the chain-smoking and heavy drinking portrayed in the film is the advertisement of cigarette companies.
Dündar testified before the Ankara Prosecutor’s Office in December 2008 with regard to allegations of promoting smoking and insulting Atatürk's legacy.
Turkcell, Turkey's main mobile phone provider, pulled out of a sponsorship deal, claiming they had no knowledge concerning the fact that the film would concentrate on Atatürk's personal life.

</doc>
<doc id="19777853" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19777853" title="European Distributed Energy Partnership">
European Distributed Energy Partnership

European Distributed Energy Partnership (EU-DEEP) is a large research project supported by the European Union (EU) and coordinated by GDF Suez. Started in 2004, the project gathers 41 organizations around the common objective of removing the main barriers to massive deployment of distributed energy resources.

</doc>
<doc id="19777877" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19777877" title="Pinacoteca Diego Rivera">
Pinacoteca Diego Rivera

Pinacoteca Diego Rivera is an art gallery in the city of Xalapa, in Veracruz state, of eastern Mexico. Located near the City Hall and Parque Juárez in the downtown area of the city, it has the widest collection of Diego Rivera's paintings in all of Mexico.
The museum was inaugurated by the state government on April 21, 1998 to provide the opportunity to the public to study the artwork of one of Mexico's famous painters.

</doc>
<doc id="19777881" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19777881" title="Stephen Yong Kuet Tze">
Stephen Yong Kuet Tze

Tan Sri Datuk Amar Stephen Yong Kuet Tze (born 1921-2001, Sarawak, Malaysia) was a former Cabinet Minister in Malaysia. He was the Secretary-General of the Sarawak United Peoples' Party (SUPP). He is best remembered in giving the ordinary Chinese in Sarawak a political voice.

</doc>
<doc id="19777886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19777886" title="Rhipicephalus sanguineus">
Rhipicephalus sanguineus

The brown dog tick, Rhipicephalus sanguineus, is a species of tick which is found worldwide, but more commonly in warmer climates. This species is unusual among ticks in that its entire life cycle can be completed indoors.
Hosts.
"Rhipicephalus sanguineus" will feed on a wide variety of mammals, but dogs are the preferred host in the U.S., and the population can reach pest proportions in houses and kennels.
Medical importance.
"R. sanguineus" is one of the most important vectors of diseases in dogs worldwide. In the United States, "R. sanguineus" is a vector of the diseases in dogs: canine ehrlichiosis ("Ehrlichia canis") and canine babesiosis ("Babesia canis"). In dogs, symptoms of canine ehrlichiosis include lameness and fever; those for babesiosis include fever, anorexia and anemia. "R. sanguineus" has not been shown to transmit the bacteria which causes Lyme disease in humans. In parts of Europe, Asia and Africa, it is a vector of "Rickettsia conorii", known locally as Mediterranean spotted fever, boutenneuse fever, or tick typhus.
"R. sanguineus" can also transmit Rocky Mountain spotted fever in humans in the southwestern United States.
Management.
The best management strategy is prevention of infestations in the house or kennel. In addition, the earlier the infestation is discovered, the easier it is to control. Regular grooming and inspection of pets is essential to management, especially when dogs have been quartered or have interacted with other dogs.

</doc>
<doc id="19777897" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19777897" title="Nonviolent video game">
Nonviolent video game

Nonviolent video games are video games characterized by little or no violence. As the term is vague, game designers, developers, and marketers that describe themselves as non-violent video game makers, as well as certain reviewers and members of the non-violent gaming community, often employ it to describe games with "comparatively" little or no violence. The definition has been applied flexibly to games in such purposive genres as the Christian video game, however a number of games at the fringe of the "non-violence" label can only be viewed as objectively violent.
The purposes behind the development of the nonviolent genre are primarily reactionary in nature. As video quality and level of gaming technology have increased, the violent nature of some video games has gained worldwide attention from moral, political, gender, and medical/psychological quarters. The popularity of violent video games and increases in youth violence have led to much research into the degree to which video games may be blamed for societally negative behaviors. Despite the inconclusive nature of the scientific results, a number of groups have rejected violent video games as offensive and have promoted the development of non-violent alternatives. The existence of a market for such games has in turn led to the manufacture and distribution of a number of games specifically designed for the non-\violent gaming community. Video game reviewers have additionally identified a number of games belonging to traditionally violent gameplay genres as "nonviolent" in comparison to a typical game from the violent genre. Despite the fact that some of these games contain mild violence, many of them have entered the argot of nonviolent gamers as characteristic non-violent games.
Video game violence and attendant controversies.
Controversies surrounding the negative influences of video games are nearly as old as the medium itself. In 1964, Marshall McLuhan, a noted media theorist, suggested in his book, ', that "games people play reveal a great deal about them. " This was built upon in the early 1980s in an anti-video-game crusade spearheaded by the former Long Island PTA president, Ronnie Lamm, who spoke about her cause on the MacNeil/Lehrer NewsHour in December 1982. The same year, Surgeon General, C. Everett Koop, had suggested that games had no merit and offered little in the way of anything constructive to young people. Despite early general claims of the negative effects of video games, however, effects of these concerns were relatively minor prior to the early 1990s.
Although discussion of the impact of violence in video games came as early as 1976's "Death Race" arcade game or Palace's "Barbarian" (1987) featuring the ability to decapitate opponents, it was not until graphic capabilities increased and a wave of new ultra-violent titles were released in the early 1990s that the mainstream news began to pay significant attention to the phenomenon. In 1992, with Midway's release of the first "Mortal Kombat" video game, and then in 1993 with id's "Doom", genuine controversy was first ignited as the wide and growing popularity of violent video games came into direct conflict with the moral and religious ethics of concerned citizens. Protests and game-bannings followed the publicizing of these conflicts, and controversies would erupt periodically throughout the 1990s with the releases of such games as "Dreamweb" (1992), "Wolfenstein 3D" (1992), "Mortal Kombat II" (1993), "Phantasmagoria" (1995), "Duke Nukem 3D" (1996), "Blood" (1997), "Grand Theft Auto" (1997), "Carmageddon" (1997), "Postal" (1997), "Mortal Kombat 3" (1997), ' (1998), ' (1998), "Grand Theft Auto 2" (1999), and "" (1999) among others.
In April 1999, the fears of the media and violence-watch groups were legitimated in their eyes as investigations into the lives of Eric Harris and Dylan Klebold, the shooters in the Columbine High School massacre, revealed that they had been fans of the video game, "Doom", and had even created levels for it today dubbed "the Harris levels". A great deal of discussion of violence in video games followed this event with strong arguments made on both sides, and research into the phenomenon which had begun during the 1980s received renewed support and interest.
In December 2001, Surgeon General David Satcher, led a study on violence in youth and determined that while the impact of video games on violent behavior has yet to be determined, "findings suggest that media violence has a relatively small impact on violence," and that "meta-analysis demonstrated that the overall effect size for both randomized and correlational studies was small for physical aggression and moderate for aggressive thinking."
Despite this, the controversies and debate have persisted, and this has been the catalyst for the emergence of the non-violent video game genre. Non-violent video games are defined in the negative by a "Modus tollendo ponens" disjunctive argument. In other words, in order to recognize a non-violent game, an identifier must recognize the violent game as a distinct class. This has led to a degree of ambiguity in the term as it relies upon a definition of violence which for different identifiers may mean different things. In general, violence may be placed into at least three distinct categories:
Research.
The history of video game development shares approximate contemporaneity with media violence research in general. In the early 1960, studies were conducted on the effects of violence in cartoons, and throughout the 1970s and 1980s a number of studies were conducted on how televised violence influenced viewers (especially younger viewers). The focus of many of these studies was on the effects of exposure of children to violence, and these studies frequently employed the social learning theory framework developed by Albert Bandura to explore violent behavioral modeling.
With advancements in video technology and the rise of video games containing graphic violence in the late 1980s and early 1990s, media violence research shifted to a great degree from televised violence to video game violence. Although under current debate, a number of researchers have claimed that violent games may cause more intense feelings of aggression than nonviolent games, and may trigger feelings of anger and hostility. Theoretical explanations for these types of effects have been explained in myriad theories including social cognitive theory, excitation transfer theory, priming effect and the General Aggression Model. However recent scholarship has suggested that social cognitive theories of aggression are outdated and should be retired.
One difference between video games and television which nearly all media violence studies recognize is that video games are primarily interactive while television is primarily passive in nature. Video game players identify with the character they control in the video games and there have been suggestions that the interactivity available in violent video games narrows the gap between the theory and practice of youth violence in a manner that goes beyond the effects of televised violence. Acknowledgment of the fact that, for better or worse, video games are likely to remain a part of modern society has led to a brace of comparative studies between violent games and non-violent games. As technology has advanced, such studies have adapted to include the effects of violent games and non-violent games in new media methods such as immersive virtual reality simulations.
Results have varied, with some research indicating correlation between violence in video games and violence in players of the games, and other research indicating minimal if any relationship. Despite the lack of solid conclusion on the issue, the suggestion that violent games cause youth violence together with the clear popularity of violent video game genres such as the first-person shooter have led some game designers to publish non-violent alternatives.
Lawsuits and legislation.
As research supporting the view that video game violence leads to youth violence has been produced, there have been a number of lawsuits initiated by victims to gain compensation for loss alleged to have been caused by video-game-related violence. Similarly, in the US Congress and the legislatures of states and other countries, a number of legislative actions have been taken to mandate rating systems and to curb the distribution of violent video games. At times, individual games considered too violent have been censored or banned in such countries as Australia, Greece, etc.
In 1997, Christian conservative activist and (now former) attorney Jack Thompson brought suit against Atari, Nintendo, Sega, and Sony Computer Entertainment on behalf of the victims of Heath High School shooting in "James v. Meow Media". The suit was dismissed in 2000, absolving the companies of responsibility for the shooter's actions based on a lack of remedy under Kentucky tort law. In 2002, the Sixth Circuit Court of Appeals upheld the dismissal, and in 2003, the U.S. Supreme Court denied certiorari, refusing to review the case because it was not dismissed on 1st Amendment grounds.
In 2000, the County Council for St. Louis, Missouri enacted Ordinance 20,193 that barred minors from purchasing, renting, or playing violent video games deemed to contain any visual depiction or representation of realistic injury to a human or a "human-like being" that appealed to minors' "morbid interest in violence." This ordinance was challenged in 2001 by the Interactive Digital Software Association (IDSA) as violative of freedom of expression as guaranteed by the first amendment. The IDSA cited the 7th Circuit case of "American Amusement Machine Association v. Kendrick" as precedent suggesting that video game content was a form of freedom of expression, however in 2002 the Eastern District Court of Missouri ultimately issued the controversial ruling that "video games are not a form of expression protected by the First Amendment" in "Interactive Digital Software Association v. St. Louis County".
In the aftermath of the Columbine High School massacre, a $5 billion lawsuit was filed in 2001 against a number of video game companies and id Software, the makers of the purportedly violent video game, "Doom" by victims of the tragedy. Also named in the suit were Acclaim Entertainment, Activision, Capcom, Eidos Interactive, GT Interactive Software, Interplay Entertainment, Nintendo, Sony Computer Entertainment, Square Co., Midway Games, Apogee Software, Atari Corporation, Meow Media, and Sega. Violent video games mentioned by name included "Doom", "Quake", "Redneck Rampage", and "Duke Nukem". The suit was dismissed by Judge Babcock in March 2002 in a ruling suggesting that a decision against the game makers would have a chilling effect on free speech. Babcock noted that "it is manifest that there is social utility in expressive and imaginative forms of entertainment, even if they contain violence."
In 2003, Washington State enacted a statute banning the sale or rental to minors of video games containing "aggressive conflict in which the player kill, injures, or otherwise causes physical harm to a human form in the game who is depicted by dress or other recognizable symbols as a public law enforcement officer." In 2004, this statute was subsequently declared an unconstitutional violation of the first amendment right to free speech in the Federal District Court case of "Video Software Dealers Ass'n v. Maleng".
In 2005, Jack Thompson brought suit against Sony Computer Entertainment and "Grand Theft Auto" in representation of the victims of the Devin Moore shooting incident. On 7 November 2005, Thompson withdrew from "Strickland v. Sony", stating, "It was my idea leave the case." He was quick to mention that the case would probably do well with or without his presence. This decision followed scrutiny from Judge James Moore, however Thompson claimed he received no pressure to withdraw. At the same time, Judge James Moore had taken the motion to revoke Thompson's license under advisement. Jack Thompson appeared in court to defend his "pro hac vice" right to practice law in Alabama, following accusations that he violated legal ethics. Shortly thereafter, the case was dismissed and Thompson's license was revoked following a denial of his "pro hac vice" standing by Judge Moore who noted that "Mr. Thompson's actions before this Court suggest that he is unable to conduct himself in a manner befitting practice in this state." In March 2006, the Alabama Supreme Court upheld Judge Moore's ruling against the dismissal of the case.
In 2005, California State Senator, Leland Yee introduced California Assembly Bills 1792 & 1793 which barred ultra-violent video games and mandated the application of ESRB ratings for video games. Yee, a former child psychologist has publicly criticized such games as "" and "Manhunt 2", and opposes the U.S. Army's "Global Gaming League". Both of these bills were passed by the assembly and signed by Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger in October 2005. By December 2005, both bills had been struck down in court by Judge Ronald Whyte as unconstitutional, thereby preventing either from going into effect on 1 January 2006. Similar bills were subsequently filed in such states as Michigan and Illinois, but to date all have been ruled to be unconstitutional.
In 2005, in reaction to such controversial games as "", Senator Hillary Rodham Clinton along with Senators Joe Lieberman and Evan Bayh, introduced the Family Entertainment Protection Act (S.2126), intended to protect children from inappropriate content found in video games by imposing a federal mandate for inclusion of ESRB ratings. All three senators have actively sought restrictions on video game content with Sen. Lieberman denouncing the violence contained in video games and attempting to regulate sales of violent video games to minors, arguing that games should have to be labeled based upon age-appropriateness. Regarding "Grand Theft Auto", Lieberman has stated, "The player is rewarded for attacking a woman, pushing her to the ground, kicking her repeatedly and then ultimately killing her, shooting her over and over again. I call on the entertainment companies—they've got a right to do that, but they have a responsibility not to do it if we want to raise the next generation of our sons to treat women with respect."
In June 2006, the Louisiana case of "Entertainment Software Association v. Foti" struck down a state statute that sought to bar minors from purchasing video games with violent content. The statute was declared an unconstitutional violation of the 1st Amendment. Amici filing briefs included Jack Thompson.
On 27 September 2006, Senator Sam Brownback (R-KS) introduced the United States Truth in Video Game Rating Act (S.3935). The act would require the ESRB to have access to the full content of and hands-on time with the games it was to rate, rather than simply relying on the video demonstrations submitted by developers and publishers. Two days later, Congressman Fred Upton introduced the Video Game Decency Act (H.R.6120) to the House.
Degrees of violence.
Video game rating boards exist in a number of countries, typically placing restrictions (suggested or under force of law) for content that is violent or sexual in nature. About 5% of games fall into a category rated "mature" and recommended to those 17 years old and older. Those games account for about a quarter of all video game sales. Gamers seeking violence find themselves increasingly age restricted as identified violence level increases. This means that non-violent games, which are the least restricted, are available to all players at any age. This moral or legislative public policy against violence has the indirect effect of encouraging players of all ages and especially younger players to play non-violent games, however it also produces something of a forbidden fruit effect. For this and other reasons, the effectiveness of rating systems such as the ESRB to actually curb violent gameplay in youth gaming has been characterized as futile.
Table of violence ratings
Gender perspective.
A number of studies have been conducted specifically analyzing the differences between male and female preference in video game styles. Studies have vacillated between findings that the gender effect on violence preference in games is significant and insignificant, however no firm conclusions have been achieved to date. The number of studies in this field has blossomed contemporaneously with greater gender studies, and a degree of tension exists in the field between the traditional stereotype of violence as a male-dominant characteristic and the realities of the marketing data for violent games.
In 2008, an example of such studies was funded by the Office of Juvenile Justice and Delinquency Prevention, U.S. Department of Justice to the Center for Mental Health and Media. These studies were released in the book, "Grand Theft Childhood", wherein it was found that among girls, nine of the "top ten popular video games were nonviolent games such as "Mario" titles, "Dance Dance Revolution" or simulation games" compared to a majority of violent games in the top ten favorites of boys. Ultimately, the conclusion reached in "Grand Theft Childhood" was that "focusing on such easy but minor targets as violent video games causes parents, social activists and public-policy makers to ignore the much more powerful and significant causes of youth violence that have already been well established, including a range of [non-gender-linked] social, behavioral, economic, biological and mental-health factors." This conclusion supports Surgeon General Satcher's 2001 study ("supra").
Despite this conclusion, general awareness of the issue together with traditional stereotyping has led a number of game developers and designers to create non-violent video games specifically for female audiences. Advertisement placement and other marketing techniques have in the past targeted women as more receptive to non-violent video game genres such as life simulation games, strategy games, or puzzle video games. Although these genres often contain certain degrees of violence, they lack the emphasis on graphic violence characterized for instance by the first-person shooter genre.
Religious perspective.
Criticism for the violent aspects of video game culture has come from a number of anti-violence groups, and perhaps the most vocal of these are the numerous religious opposition groups. The moral codes of nearly all major religions contain prohibitions against murder and violence in general. In some cases this prohibition even extends to aggression, wrath, and anger. Violent video games, while merely vicarious in nature, have been the focus of religious disapproval or outrage in various circles. Notable anti-violent-video-game crusader, former attorney Jack Thompson is a self proclaimed Christian conservative, and his legal actions against violent video games have been intimately linked to his religious views. As groups like the fundamentalist Christian population have increased in number of adherents, new marketing opportunities have developed contemporaneously. Several religion-centric games forums such as GameSpot's "Religion and Philosophy" forum have developed within the greater gaming community in reaction to this growing niche.
Christian games.
There has been a rapid increase in Christian video games in the last decade, however as Christian games have striven to compete with their more popular secular progenitors, there has been an increasing number of games released that blur the lines between Christian and non-Christian values. Jack Thompson, for instance, has publicly decried such Christian games as "", stating "It's absurd, ... you can be the Christians blowing away the infidels, and if that doesn't hit your hot button, you can be the Antichrist blowing away all the Christians." (The game reviewers IGN, Ars Technica and GameSpy have disagreed that "Left Behind: Eternal Forces" is overtly violent.) Similarly, James Dobson, PhD., founder of the Focus on the Family group, has advised parents in relation to video games to "avoid the violent ones altogether.
Although Christian games have been around since Sparrow Records' "Music Machine" for the Atari 2600, there have been few genres as unassailably violent as that of the first-person shooter (FPS). The majority of games that have been banned for violence have been FPS games, and for this reason, Christian games in the FPS genre have struggled to overcome the blurring effects of the violence inherent to the genre. Games such as "Revelation 7" and "Xibalba", for instance, have attempted to avoid claims of violence by using "off the wall" absurdist humor with enemies such as flying, bat-winged clown heads (modeled after the biblical Jezebel) that shoot rays out of their nose, or alien Nazis (a mocking reference to Raëlian religious beliefs) Other Christian FPS games such as "Eternal War" have avoided the issue by expressing the view that justified violence is morally acceptable.
Some of these games, despite containing objectively violent content, have been affirmatively labeled "non-violent video games" by marketers and faith-based non-violent gaming communities. In direct response to the Columbine High School massacre (alleged to have been caused by the shooters' obsession with the game, "Doom"), Rev. Ralph Bagley began production on "Catechumen", a Christian first-person game produced by N'Lightening Software involving holy swords instead of guns. In "Catechumen", the player fights inhuman demons using holy armament. When "sent back" the demons produce no blood or gore, and for this reason it has been described as a non-violent game. The intent of "Catechumen", according to Rev. Bagley, is "to build the genre of Christian gaming. People are tired of having these violent, demonic games dictating to their kids." Among Christian FPS games, a lack of gore has often been used as the minimum standard for non-violence. Christian game reviewers have at times characterized non-Christian games such as "Portal" and "Narbacular Drop" as comparatively non-violent games despite their lack of a Christian focus.
An example of a notable Christian video game organization is the Christian Game Developers Foundation, focusing on family-friendly gameplay and Biblical principles.
Hindu games.
In 2006, Escapist magazine reported that a Hindu first-person shooter entitled "My Hindu Shooter" was in the works. In "My Hindu Shooter", a game based on the Unreal Engine, the player employs the Vedic abilities of astrology, Ayurvedic healing, breathing (meditation), herbalism, Gandharva Veda music, architecture (which let you purify demonic areas) and yagyas (rituals). Gameplay involved acquisition of the siddhis of clairvoyance, levitation, invisibility, shrinking and strength, and the ultimate goal of the game was to achieve pure consciousness by removing karma through completion of quests and cleansing the six chakras in ascending order. The only way to actually win the game is to complete it without harming or killing any other living creature. Despite the violence-free requirements of the main character, however, a player could die and be reincarnated in a number of different forms like a human, a pig, a dog, or a worm. Whatever form you came back as would limit the way in which you could interact with other characters in the game. Like the majority of games that have been labeled non-violent, violence in the game that is applied to the character rather than that the character applies is not considered to make the game a violent game.
Buddhist games.
According to Buddhist morality, the first of the Five Precepts of Śīla is a personal rule of not killing. This moral guideline extends to human as well as non-human life. 
There are 5 conditions to violate the first precept:
As the first precept requires an actual living being to be killed to considered as violated, Buddhist can still enjoy video games with violence because there's no real being that's dying or being hurt. The fuller extend of the first precept is to maintain a harmless attitude towards all. The main problem is the mind, which is the main focus of Buddhism. Violent video games tend to create ill-will and tension, thus it is not conducive for meditation practice. Other than that, the action of the mind also creates kamma (action) which will bear its fruit when the conditions are right.
Although primarily browser games, a number of stand-alone video games eschewing violence, such as the 2007 Thai game, "Ethics Game" have been created that promote the Five Precepts and Buddhism generally. The Buddhist concept of dharma has been emphasized in a number of Buddhist games as a reaction to perceptions of the adharmic state of modern games. The concept of Zen has also influenced a number of nonviolent video games such as "Zen of Sudoku", and The Game Factory's "Zenses" series.
Jewish games.
While the earliest games to feature a Jewish main character (the "Wolfenstein" series' William "B.J." Blazkowicz) are characterized by militant anti-Nazism, a number of non-violent Jewish games (such as the "Avner" series by Torah Educational Software (TES)) primarily aimed at younger audiences has emerged with the intention of promoting Jewish religious concepts related to the Torah. One notable non-violent game that explores Jewish themes is "The Shivah", a puzzle-adventure game featuring a non-violent battle between Rabbis that takes the form of an insult swordfight.
Muslim games.
Despite notoriety in the Western press for controversial violent games such as "Under Ash", and "Under Siege", Muslim developer Afkar Media has also produced at least one non-violent game entitled "Road Block Buster". In "Road Block Buster" the hero must "jump[] around [] doing tricks to soldiers ... to get over any barrier or road block implanted by Israeli Defense forces without using violence, [and earn respect by helping surrounded people whom can't get through the separation walls."
Sikh games.
Exceptionally rare, the few Sikh games (e.g. "Sikh Game") in existence are primarily browser-based. "Sarbloh Warriors", planned to contain mild violence, and characterized by the BBC as Anti-Muslim, entered production as a major Sikh game, but seems to have left active production around 2007.
Bahá'í games.
In January 2007, artist Chris Nelson produced a non-violent art game called "The Seven Valleys" which he exhibited during the ACSW conference at the University of Ballarat. Based on the "Unreal Tournament" engine, "The Seven Valleys" was designed with the intention of "illustratthe unillustratable, and 'subvert[ing' the image of violent video games in the process." Nelson was interviewed by ABC Radio on the subject in February of the same month.
Taoist games.
Video game publisher, Destineer's non-violent puzzle video game, "WordJong" for the Nintendo DS has been considered a Taoist puzzle game.
Religion neutral games.
Non-profit organization ' Heartseed ' set out to produce several non-violent games, drawing inspiration from a claimed agreement between several religions under the sign of nonviolence: "Christianity, Hinduism, Islam, Buddhism, Taoism, Judaism and others, - because throughout all of them can be found a common thread of decency meant to propel us toward spiritual enlightenment". This project seems to have been discontinued.
Types of non-violent video games.
Non-violent video games as a genre are characterized as a genre by purpose. Unlike genres described by style of gameplay, non-violent video games span a wide number of gameplay genres. Defined in the negative, the purpose of non-violent games is to provide the player with an experience that "lacks" violence. Many traditional gameplay genres naturally lack violence and application of the term "non-violent video games" to titles that fall under these categories raises no questions regarding accuracy. For game developers and designers who self-identify as non-violent video game makers, however, the challenge has been to expand the concepts of non-violence into such traditionally violent gameplay genres as action games, role-playing games, strategy games, and the first-person shooter.
Emergent and more recent gameplay genres such as music video games are for the most part naturally non-violent. Purposive video game genres such as educational games also are primarily non-violent in nature. Other electronic game genres like audio games are also most frequently non-violent. The indisputably non-violent nature of these games are often considered self-evident by members of both the non-violent gaming community and the gaming community at large. As such they are often not explicitly identified as such. Typically, explicit identification is applied counterintuitively to titles where there might otherwise be a question concerning non-violence. This has led such categorization to be viewed with mistrust, hostility, and mockery by those who fail to recognize the comparative nature of the definition or who disagree fundamentally with the underlying purpose of the genre.
Traditionally non-violent games.
Among traditionally non-violent games are included maze games, adventure games, life simulation games, construction and management simulation games, and some vehicle simulation games among others. These games are generally less frequently described as non-violent due to the self-evident nature of the descriptive term. Prior to the development of games specifically designed for non-violence, non-violent gamers were limited to these traditionally non-violent genres, however a number of games even under the traditionally non-violent umbrella may be considered arguably violent. "Minesweeper", for instance, is an abstraction of a scenario that often leads to a patently violent result.
Other common traditionally non-violent genres include adventure games, puzzle games, music video games, programming games, party games, and traditional games.
Examples of traditionally non-violent games include:
Non-violent action games.
Action games have typically been among the most violent of video games genres with the liberal employment of enemies to thwart the actions of the player-character, and an emphasis on killing these enemies to neutralize them. As action games have developed they have become progressively more violent over the years as advances in graphic capabilities allowed for more realistic enemies and death sequences. Nevertheless, some companies like Nintendo have tended to shy away from this kind of realism in favor of cartoon and fantasy violence, a concept also implicated in the increase of youth violence by media violence researchers. This has created a spectrum of violence in action games. Non-violent video game proponents have labeled a number of games containing comparatively low-level violence as non-violent as well as games such as the anti-violent serious game, "Food Force".
Studies have also shown that there are tangible benefits to violence in action games such as increased ability to process visual information quickly and accurately. This has led to support for the development of action games that are non-violent which will allow players to retain the positive visual processing benefits without the negatives associated with violence.
Examples of non-violent action games include:
Other Notable Examples:
Non-violent first person shooters.
The application of the term "non-violent" to genres such as the first-person shooter (FPS), that many players consider "inherently" or "definitionally" violent, has at times generated vociferous arguments that the concept is inconceivable and at best oxymoronic. This argument typically derives from a strict definition of violence as "extreme, destructive, or uncontrollable force especially of natural events; intensity of feeling or expression, " a definition by which the vast majority of video games may be described as violent. Despite arguments to the contrary, however, such characterizations have been employed as a marketing tool by makers and distributors of non-violent video games, and the degree of popularity enjoyed by games so described may be attributed to the comparative violence of other more violent members of the supergenre.
Non-violent first-person shooter developers have expressed the notion that it is the challenge of making a non-violent game in a violent genre that motivates them in part. Rarely, FPS games such as "Garry's Mod" and "Portal" that have been developed without the specific intent of non-violence have been identified by reviewers and the non-violent gaming community as non-violent FPSes. Such characterizations have led to the concern that parents may allow their children to play these games, not realizing that there are still some elements of violence including violent deaths. Further ambiguities arise when determining whether a game is a first-person "shooter", as in certain games such as "Narbacular Drop", the player doesn't shoot anything at all, but merely clicks walls with the cursor. Similarly, in games such as "realMyst", the player merely interacts with the environment by touching things in the first-person and the term "shooter" is seen to be objectively inaccurate. Despite this, non-violent first-person games have often been characterized oxymoronically as shooters because of all comparable genres, these games are most closely similar to the FPS and often employ engines designed for the FPS genre.
Often modeled upon violent FPS games, non-violent FPSes such as "Chex Quest" or the newer Sherlock Holmes games, may bear striking resemblance to the violent game whose engine they are using. Developers of such games often have done little to change the game other than replacing violent or scary imagery and recasting the storyline to describe "zorching", "slobbing", or otherwise non-lethally incapacitating enemies. Examples of simple changes intended to reduce violence for non-violent FPSes include the alteration of the red shroud from the death-sequence in "Doom" to become the green shroud from the slime-sequence in "Chex Quest" or the removal of the red shroud from the death-sequence in "Half-Life 2" for the deaths in "Portal". At times, similarities between violent progenitors and their non-violent descendants have proved strong enough that the non-violent developers have cast their game as a spoof of the violent version. This is apparent in "Chex Quest". Off-beat and absurdist humor have been employed in a number of games order to tone down the serious content by makers of non-violent FPSes.
One subgenre of the FPS that typically is not characterized as non-violent despite the fact that gameplay revolves to a great degree around avoidance of battle, is that of stealth games. Although much of the gameplay characteristic to stealth games accords closely with the requirements of the non-violent genre, stealth games most frequently simply delay chaotic violence to focus instead upon controlled precision violence.
Examples of non-violent FPSes include:
Other Notable Examples:
Non-violent role-playing games.
Though infrequently regarded as explicitly violent, role-playing video games (RPGs) have traditionally focused on the adventures of a party of travelers as they spend days and months leveling-up to fight greater and greater foes. Fighting in these games is highly stylized and often turn-based, however the actions of the player-characters and the enemies that attack them are distinctly violent. There have been some attempts made to reduce this violence by rendering it in cartoonish format as in some members of the "Final Fantasy" series or by recasting the enemies' deaths as "fainting," "sleeping," or becoming "stunned" as in the "Pokémon" series, however neither of these series has been explicitly labeled non-violent.
One rare example of an RPG that was designed as a non-violent video game is "Spiritual Warfare", a game with enemies featuring a non-violent main-character wherein the player wanders about converting the denizens of his town to Christianity while fending off the attacks of wild animals with holy food. Another example is "A Tale in the Desert", an MMORPG based on economic development.
Secular examples include Capcom's "Ace Attorney" series and Victor's "Harvest Moon" series - a simulation/RPG game. Additionally, such RPGs as ', ', and "Deus Ex" have all been identified as containing certain modes of play that are mostly non-violent. This concept is also explored in the higher difficulty levels of the "Thief" series.
Non-violent strategy games.
As with role-playing games, strategy games have traditionally focused on the development and expansion of a group as they defend themselves from the attacks of enemies. Strategy games tend not to be explicitly described as violent, however they nearly universally contain violent content in the form of battles, wars, and other skirmishes. Additionally, strategy games tend to more often strive for realistic scenarios and depictions of the battles that result. Counteracting this violence, however, is the fact that strategy games tend to be set at a distant third party perspective and as such the violence of the battles tends to be minute and highly stylized.
For the most part, non-violent groups have not explored this genre of violent game. Gender-marketers have designed strategy games for both male and female audiences, however gender-linked treatment of violence has not occurred in this genre and as such, male- and female-oriented strategy games tend to contain equal degrees of violence. Christian developers have made various attempts at the genre including "" in which the player attempts to convert as many civilians in an apocalyptic future as possible by raising their spirit level and shielding them from the corrupting influences of rock-and-roll music and general secularism. The game has been criticized by such anti-violent video game personalities as former attorney Jack Thompson for strategy involving the slaying of infidels and non-believers, and for the ability of players engaged in multi-play modes to play as the Antichrist on the side of the Forces of Satan.
Secular non-violent video game designers have emerged from the serious games movement and include such anti-violence titles as "PeaceMaker", a game where the player tries to foster peace between Israelis and Palestinians, and "A Force More Powerful", a nonviolence-themed game designed by Steve York, a documentary filmmaker and director of Bringing Down a Dictator, a non violent resistance film featuring Ivan Marovic, a resistance leader against Slobodan Milošević who was instrumental in bringing him down in 2000. Though these games are anti-violent, however, failure on the part of the player leads to violence. Thus the goal of the game is merely shifted to active violence-prevention while the degree of violence used to challenge the player remains consistent with violent strategy games.
Some examples of relatively nonviolent strategy games include:
Non-violent sports games and non-violent vehicle simulations.
According to the Funk and Buchman method for classifying video games, there are six categories into which games may be divided:
The separation of violent and nonviolent sports here illustrates a phenomenon also recognizable in the vehicle simulation game genre. With both sport and vehicle simulation games, gameplay has traditionally been highly bipolar with nearly as many violent titles as non-violent. Just as there are non-violent and "violent" sports games, so too are there flight and "combat" flight simulators, space flight and space "combat" simulators, and racing games and vehicular "combat" games. Distinction of games as violent or non-violent here serves a purely practical purpose as gameplay may differ considerably beyond the merely aesthetic.
Such sports as Ping-pong, golf, and billiards, have in the past been identified as nonviolent. A common example of a nonviolent game that has been employed in a number of studies and government committee reports is "".
An example of a notable non-violent sports game company is Kush Games.

</doc>
<doc id="19777899" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19777899" title="August Martin High School">
August Martin High School

August Martin High School is a New York City public high school located in South Jamaica, Queens. Located at 156-10 Baisley Boulevard, in 2008, there were 1,217 students in grades 9-12 under principal Anthony Cromer. The school offers classes in aviation, as the school is named after August Martin, the first African American commercial airline pilot. The school opened in 1971.

</doc>
<doc id="19777916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19777916" title="2000–01 Grand Prix of Figure Skating Final">
2000–01 Grand Prix of Figure Skating Final

The 2000–2001 Grand Prix of Figure Skating Final was the Grand Prix of Figure Skating Final for the 2000–2001 season. It was the culmination of the 2000–2001 Grand Prix Series. Skaters qualified for the event by accumulating points throughout the season. The events of the series were the 2000 Skate America, the 2000 Skate Canada International, the 2000 Sparkassen Cup on Ice, the 2000 Cup of Russia, the 2000 Trophée Lalique, and the 2000 NHK Trophy. The top six skaters in the disciplines of men's singles, ladies singles, pair skating, and ice dancing met at the final to crown the Grand Prix Final Champion.
The format of the event differed from other years. Skaters competed in the short program and the free skating, and then competed head to head in different free skating finals. The top two finishers at that point in the competition competed against each other in a Super Final (SF).
The 2000–2001 event was held in the Yoyogi National Gymnasium in Tokyo, Japan from February 15 through 18, 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="19777931" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19777931" title="Cosman Family Cemetery">
Cosman Family Cemetery

Cosman Family Cemetery is a cemetery near Middle Hope, New York, which is near Newburgh in Orange County, New York. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="19777935" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19777935" title="Ernst-Paul Hasselbach">
Ernst-Paul Hasselbach

Ernst-Paul Hasselbach (Paramaribo, 23 May 1966 – 11 October 2008) was a Dutch TV host and producer. He hosted several shows on Dutch and Belgian television.
Hasselbach was the son of a Dutch father and a Surinamese mother. His father's work caused him to be raised around the world. Hasselbach lived in the Netherlands, Suriname, Kenya, Indonesia and Canada. After finishing secondary school in Vancouver, British Columbia, he returned to the Netherlands to study in Amsterdam. As well as his studies in "Academie voor Lichamelijke Opvoeding", he studied English at Vrije Universiteit.
Hasselbach started his television career in 1995. Between 2000 and his death in 2008 he hosted and produced ten editions of "Expeditie Robinson"; the Dutch-Belgium version of Survivor. In 2004 he hosted the first season of Peking Express.
Hasselbach died in an automobile accident in Lom, Norway, while shooting the television show 71° Noord.
His brother Harald Hasselbach was a Super Bowl champion with the Denver Broncos in 1997 and 1998.

</doc>
<doc id="19777938" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19777938" title="Kühne Logistics University">
Kühne Logistics University

Kühne Logistics University – Wissenschaftliche Hochschule für Logistik und Unternehmensführung (The KLU) is a private, state-recognized university based in Hamburg, Germany. It was founded by the Kühne Stiftung (Kuehne Foundation) which is based in Schindellegi, Switzerland, contracting body is the Kühne Logistics University GmbH. The non-profit foundation supports education and further education as well as research and science in transport and logistics.
The KLU consists of two departments: Logistics and Management, and Economics, and covers the whole gamut of university education and executive education, from the bachelor’s degrees and two master’s programs to the structured PhD program. The KLU plans to establish ten logistics professorships and eleven professorships in the area of Business Administration and Entrepreneurship by 2015. The KLU is located at Hamburg’s HafenCity area and its classes are taught in English.
History.
The Kuehne Logistics University evolved in September 2010 from Kühne School of Logistics and Management, the graduate business school for logistics management at the Technical University of Hamburg (TUHH). The Kühne School was founded in 2003 as a public–private partnership by the Technical University of Hamburg and the Kühne Foundation as Hamburg School of Logistics, but was later renamed in honor of Klaus-Michael Kühne, a German entrepreneur who donated 3 million euro for the school's foundation, followed by an additional donation of 30 million euro in 2007. In conjunction with the opening ceremony of the new campus, Klaus-Michael Kühne donated an additional 40 million euro to the KLU.
Kühne School offered a full-time and a part-time in-service M.B.A. program with a logistics management specialization, and two master’s programs, one in Logistics, Infrastructure, and Mobility and the other in International Industrial Engineering.
Accreditation.
Master of Science Global Logistics is accredited by ASIIN.
Master of Science Management is accredited by FIBAA.
Ranking.
The 2012 Handelsblatt research ranking of management faculties in Germany, Austria and Switzerland ranks the KLU among the top universities from a field of more than 120 universities.
Erasmus.
In July 2012 THE KLU has been awarded the ERASMUS University Charter.
Partner Universities.
Ohio State University (Fisher College of Business, Columbus, USA/ OH
See also.
Kuehne+Nagel International AG

</doc>
<doc id="19777947" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19777947" title="Sydney Bernard Smith">
Sydney Bernard Smith

Sydney Bernard Smith (4 August 1936 – 11 October 2008) was a Scots-Irish poet, dramatist, actor and novelist. He was born in Glasgow but brought up in Portstewart, County Londonderry in Northern Ireland. He was elected a member of Aosdana in 1982. 
Education.
He was educated at Clongowes Wood College, Queen's College, Oxford and the University of Iowa International Writer's programme. He later taught at Clongowes Wood College. He also worked as a teacher at Sandymount High School in Dublin, the University of Iowa and Ithaca College in Ithaca, New York. He also taught in Germany and Spain.
Publications.
Poetry collections included:
"Girl With Violin" (1968)
"Priorities" (1979)
"Sensualities" (1981)
"Scurrilities" (1981)
"New and Selected Poems" (1984)
His plays included:
"Sherca" (1976)
"Don Bosco, Grainne and the Dole" (1977) 
"The Impertinence of being Frank" (1978)
"The Illaunapsppie Triangle" (1978)
"Houseparty" (1979)
"Swim Away Babies" (1984)
"On Course for Brazil" (1985)
"How to Roast a Strasbourg Goose" (Dublin Theatre Festival, 1985)
"Up for Bloomsday" (1985)
"The 2nd Grand Confabulation of Drum Ceat" (Dublin Theatre Festival, 1989)
"Reason not the Need" (1992)
"The Shaming of the True" (1995)
Novels:
"Flannery" (1991)
"The Book of Shannow" (published in literary magazines)
His work was broadcast on RTÉ, BBC and Channel 4, and staged in Ireland; at the Edinburgh Festival Fringe; and in the USA.
Personal life.
Smith was married to Cynthia (née Hoxie) and they had three sons (Daniel, Sydney George, Cormac) and a daughter (Emer). At the time of his death he lived in Dundalk, County Louth in Ireland.

</doc>
<doc id="19777950" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19777950" title="1999–2000 Grand Prix of Figure Skating Final">
1999–2000 Grand Prix of Figure Skating Final

The 1999–2000 Grand Prix of Figure Skating Final was the Grand Prix of Figure Skating Final for the 1999–2000 season. It was the culmination of the 1999–2000 Grand Prix Series. Skaters qualified for the event by accumulating points throughout the season. The events of the series were the 1999 Skate America, the 1999 Skate Canada International, the 1999 Sparkassen Cup on Ice, the 1999 Trophée Lalique, the 1999 Cup of Russia, and the 1999 NHK Trophy. The top six skaters in the disciplines of men's singles, ladies singles, pair skating, and ice dancing met at the final to crown the Grand Prix Final Champion.
The format of the event differed from other years. Singles and pair skaters competed in the short program and the free skating, and ice dancers competed the original dance and the free dance. The top four finishers in each discipline were split in groups of two and then competed head to head in different free skating finals. 
The 1999–2000 event was held in Lyon, France January 13 to January 16, 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="19777962" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19777962" title="Pycroft">
Pycroft

Pycroft is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Fictional characters:

</doc>
<doc id="19777972" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19777972" title="Polyaenus (disambiguation)">
Polyaenus (disambiguation)


</doc>
<doc id="19777986" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19777986" title="1945 college football season">
1945 college football season

The 1945 NCAA football season finished with the undefeated United States Military Academy, more popularly known as “Army”, being the unanimous choice for the nation’s number one team by the 116 voters in the Associated Press writers’ poll. The runner up was the undefeated Alabama Crimson Tide, followed by the United States Naval Academy, more popularly known as “Navy”. 
During the 20th century, the NCAA had no playoff for the college football teams that would later be described as "Division I-A". The NCAA did recognize a national champion based upon the final results of the Associated Press poll of sportswriters (the UPI Coaches Poll would not start until 1950). The extent of that recognition came in the form of acknowledgment in the annual "NCAA Football Guide" of the "unofficial" national champions.
Several new bowl games would debut at the end of the 1945 season, among them the Gator Bowl.
September.
The Associated Press did not poll the writers until the third week of the season. Among the teams that had been ranked highest at the end of 1944, the two service academies—Army and Navy, as well as Ohio State, USC and Michigan. Among the service teams that had ranked high in 1944, Randolph Field, 
Bainbridge Naval, and Iowa Pre-flight no longer played against college teams. Some service teams still remained in place, even after the end of World War II.
On September 15, Michigan beat Great Lakes Navy, 27-2. On September 22, Michigan lost to Indiana, 13-7. Minnesota beat Missouri, 34-0. In a Friday night game in Los Angeles, USC beat UCLA 13-6. September 29 Notre Dame beat Illinois 7-0, Army beat Louisville Field, 32-0, and Navy beat Villanova 49-0. USC won at California, 13-2, and Ohio State won at Missouri 47-6.
October.
On October 6, Army beat Wake Forest, 54-0 and Navy beat Duke, 21-0. Ohio State beat Iowa 42-0. Minnesota won at Nebraska 61-7. Notre Dame won at Georgia Tech, 40-7. UCLA beat St. Mary’s Pre-Flight, 26-14.
October 13 At Yankee Stadium in New York, #1 Army beat #9 Michigan, 28-7. #2 Navy stayed unscored upon with a 28-0 win over Penn State. #3 Notre Dame beat Dartmouth, 34-0. #4 Ohio State beat Wisconsin, 12-0. #5 Minnesota beat Fort Warren, 14-0.
October 20 #1 Army beat Melville PT Boats 55-13.
In Baltimore, #2 Navy beat Georgia Tech 20-6. #3 Notre Dame won at Pittsburgh, 39-9. #4 Ohio State lost to #9 Purdue, 35-13. #5 Minnesota defeated Northwestern, 30-7.
October 27 In New York, #1 Army beat #19 Duke 48-13. #2 Notre Dame beat Iowa 56-0. In Philadelphia, #3 Navy defeated #7 Penn, 14-7. #4 Purdue lost to unranked Northwestern, 26-14. #5 Minnesota lost to #12 Ohio State, 20-7. In Birmingham, #6 Alabama beat Georgia 28-14. #8 Indiana beat #14 Tulsa 7-2, to reach 5-0-1.
November.
November 3 #1 Army beat Villanova, 54-0. #2 Notre Dame and #3 Navy, both 5-0-0, met in Cleveland, and played to a 6-6 tie. In Louisville, #4 Alabama defeated Kentucky, 60-19. #5 Indiana beat Cornell College of Iowa, 46-6, but dropped to sixth in the next poll. In Los Angeles, #8 St. Mary's beat USC, 26-0.
November 10 #1 Army (6-0-0) and #2 Notre Dame (5-0-1) met for a contest at Yankee Stadium, and it was no contest, with the Cadets winning 48-0. #3 Alabama was idle. In Baltimore, #4 Navy beat #7 Michigan 33-7. #5 St. Mary's beat Fresno State, 32-6. #6 Indiana won at Minnesota, 49-0.
November 17 In Philadelphia, #1 Army beat #6 Penn, 61-0
November 24 #1 Army (8-0-0) and #2 Navy (7-0-1), both unbeaten, were idle as they prepared for the Army–Navy Game. #3 Alabama beat the Pensacola Naval Air Station, 55-6. #4 Indiana closed its season at 9-0-1 with a 26-0 win over #18 Purdue. In New Orleans, #5 Notre Dame beat Tulane, 32-6.
December 1 In the second #1 and #2 matchup of the year, #1 Army (8-0-0) and #2 Navy (7-0-1) met at the Army–Navy Game in Philadelphia, with Army winning 32-13 to close a perfect season. #3 Alabama defeated Mississippi State, 55-13. #4 Indiana had finished its season. #5 Notre Dame lost to the Great Lakes Navy team, 39-7. #6 Oklahoma State, which had finished the season 9-0-0 and accepted an invitation to the Sugar Bowl, rose to fifth in the final poll.
Conference standings.
The following is a potentially incomplete list of conference standings:

</doc>
<doc id="19778010" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19778010" title="2000 Orlando Miracle season">
2000 Orlando Miracle season

The 2000 WNBA season was their 2nd in the league. The Miracle made to the playoffs for the first time in franchise history, only to lose to the Cleveland Rockers in three games.
Schedule.
Playoffs.
In the first round of the Eastern Conference Playoffs, the Miracle had to face the Cleveland Rockers. Since the Rockers had the better record, the series would be played with game 1 at Orlando, game 2 at Cleveland, and game 3 (if needed) at Cleveland. The Miracle won the first game, but the Rockers won the next two and took the series.

</doc>
<doc id="19778016" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19778016" title="2008 term per curiam opinions of the Supreme Court of the United States">
2008 term per curiam opinions of the Supreme Court of the United States

The Supreme Court of the United States handed down nine "per curiam" opinions during its 2008 term, which began on October 6, 2008 and concluded October 4, 2009.
Because "per curiam" decisions are issued from the Court as an institution, these opinions all lack the attribution of authorship or joining votes to specific justices. All justices on the Court at the time the decision was handed down are assumed to have participated and concurred unless otherwise noted.
Court membership.
Chief Justice: John Roberts
Associate Justices: John Paul Stevens, Antonin Scalia, Anthony Kennedy, David Souter, Clarence Thomas, Ruth Bader Ginsburg, Stephen Breyer, Samuel Alito

</doc>
<doc id="19778024" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19778024" title="2004 Canadian Figure Skating Championships">
2004 Canadian Figure Skating Championships

The 2004 Canadian Figure Skating Championships were the Canadian Figure Skating Championships of the 2003–2004 season. They are a figure skating national championship held annually to determine the national champions of Canada. It is organized by Skate Canada, the nation's figure skating governing body.
Skaters competed at the senior and junior levels in the disciplines of men's singles, ladies singles, pair skating, and ice dancing. The results of this competition were used to pick the Canadian teams to the 2004 World Figure Skating Championships, the 2004 World Junior Figure Skating Championships, and the 2004 Four Continents Figure Skating Championships.
The 2004 Canadian Championships were held in Edmonton, Alberta from January 5–11, 2004.
Due to the large number of competitors, the senior men's and senior ladies qualifying was split into two groups.

</doc>
<doc id="19778097" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19778097" title="Michigan Education Savings Program">
Michigan Education Savings Program

The Michigan Education Savings Program (MESP) is a 529 savings plan that is administered by the Michigan Department of Treasury. Michigan residents who contribute to this plan can deduct up to $5,000 (up to $10,000 for joint filers) from their state income tax each year. MI State Matching Grants based on MESP contributions are not currently available. If state appropriations become available in the future, the State Matching Grant program will be reinstated.

</doc>
<doc id="19778121" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19778121" title="2008 term United States Supreme Court opinions of Antonin Scalia">
2008 term United States Supreme Court opinions of Antonin Scalia


</doc>
<doc id="19778127" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19778127" title="Marcin Adamski">
Marcin Adamski

Career.
Club.
In 2002, he joined SK Rapid Wien. In January 2005, he was loaned to Angers SCO on a half year deal.
In June 2005, he signed again a contract with SK Rapid Wien. He was released by Rapid Wien at the end of season 2005–06.
In September 2006, he signed a one-year contract with FC Erzgebirge Aue.
In January 2008, he moved to ŁKS Łódź. Six month later he extended his contract for four years.
National team.
Adamski has made three appearances for the Poland national football team.

</doc>
<doc id="19778133" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19778133" title="List of Anderson University (Indiana) Athletic Hall of Fame members">
List of Anderson University (Indiana) Athletic Hall of Fame members

This List of Anderson University Athletic Hall of Fame is a list of inductees into the Athletic Hall of Fame at Anderson University in Anderson, Indiana.
History.
The Anderson University Athletic Hall of Fame was started in 1997 with 10 inductees that year. Ten additional honorees were added in 1998. Four members have been inducted each year from 1999 to 2007. 
Selection process.
The names are nominees are submitted and given consideration by the Hall of Fame committee. The committee has 11 representatives and is headed by university's Athletic Director. 
Induction ceremony.
The inductees are announced each Spring and formally inducted into the Hall of Fame at a banquet during the university's homecoming activities each Fall.

</doc>
<doc id="19778143" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19778143" title="National Register of Historic Places listings in Syracuse, New York">
National Register of Historic Places listings in Syracuse, New York

List of the National Register of Historic Places listings in Syracuse, New York
This is intended to be a complete list of properties and districts listed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP) in Syracuse, New York. The locations of National Register properties and districts with known coordinates can be viewed in map form.
There are 89 NRHP-listed properties and districts in the city of Syracuse. These include 17 business or public buildings, 13 historic districts, six churches, three school or university buildings, three parks, five apartment buildings and 41 houses. Twenty-nine of the listed houses were designed by architect Ward Wellington Ward; 25 of these were listed as a group in 1996.
The 49 properties and districts in Onondaga County outside of Syracuse are listed in National Register of Historic Places listings in Onondaga County, New York.
__NOTOC__
Current listings in Syracuse.
The table below lists all of the NRHP-listed sites in Syracuse, New York proper, along with added detail and description:
KEY

</doc>
<doc id="19778149" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19778149" title="Amick Byram">
Amick Byram

Amick Byram (born January 24, 1955) is an American tenor, a recording artist and two-time Grammy nominee
He is a native of McLennan County, Texas.
A well-known sessions artist in Los Angeles, California, Byram has sung in over 100 films, including "The Prince of Egypt" ( as Moses), "Shrek", "Aladdin", "Beauty and the Beast", "The Lion King", "Hercules", "Mulan", "", "The Road to El Dorado", and "The Matrix".
Amick has acted in numerous professional stage productions including "Phantom of the Opera", on Broadway and in Los Angeles; "Les Misérables", in the roles of Marius and Enjolras; "Sunset Boulevard" as Joe Gillis (playing opposite Glenn Close), and Jesus in "Jesus Christ Superstar". On television he played Ian Andrew Troi, the father of Counselor Troi in "", and has appeared in "The Simpsons" and "Quincy, M.E.".
He is married to actress and singer Cassandra Byram and is the brother of gospel singer Danny Byram. Byram is the Producing Director and Co-Founder of the American Coast Theater Company.

</doc>
<doc id="19778152" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19778152" title="Swanpool">
Swanpool

Swanpool is the name of several geographic locations.
Fictional.
In the computer game Battle Realms, Swanpool is a haven for the Geishas.

</doc>
<doc id="19778169" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19778169" title="Pak Nai">
Pak Nai

Pak Nai (白泥) is an area in Yuen Long District, New Territories, in the northwestern part of Hong Kong. It is subdivided into Sheung Pak Nai (上白泥) and Ha Pak Nai (下白泥).
Ha Pak Nai is partially covered by a wetland. Pak Nai has been identified as a Site of Special Scientific Interest. 
There are currently plans to develop the area. This is generating a controversy.
Declared monument.
The Fortified structure at No. 55 Ha Pak Nai was declared as a monument as it connects directly with the revolutionary movement under the leadership of Dr. Sun Yat-sen and his compatriots. It became an operational base of the movement as the site was overlooking Deep Bay and Shenzhen.

</doc>
<doc id="19778176" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19778176" title="Love Marriage (TV series)">
Love Marriage (TV series)

Love Marriage was a Hindi-language television series that aired every Monday - Thursday at 8pm IST on Zee TV channel in 2002, which highlights the interesting relations in an urban society. The series is an Indian version of the popular American television series Sex and the City; however, it is more about the city than sex. 
Synopsis.
A story told through 4 beautiful young women, who driven by circumstances, land up in Bombay in the hope of realising their dreams, "Love Marriage". They start to live together making adjustments and compromises they hadn’t planned for. As they begin to settle, their professional lives take off in different directions. However, when the line between their professional and personal lives starts to blur, the real drama begins.

</doc>
<doc id="19778183" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19778183" title="Last Drinks in Derry">
Last Drinks in Derry

Last Drinks in Derry is the second album released by Australian classical guitarist Alan Banks. It was released in April 2008 to coincide with the Fairbridge Festival where Alan was a featured artist. The album is a mix of original compositions, arrangements, and improvisations performed on classical and steel-string guitars. It also features covers of songs by Cliff Richard and Tommy Emmanuel. 
Personnel.
Alan Banks - guitars

</doc>
<doc id="19778190" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19778190" title="2008 term United States Supreme Court opinions of John Roberts">
2008 term United States Supreme Court opinions of John Roberts


</doc>
<doc id="19778192" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19778192" title="2008 Metro Manila Film Festival">
2008 Metro Manila Film Festival

The 34th Annual 2008 Metro Manila Film Festival is considered quite historical because it included for the first time an animated film as one of its official entries (). This year also marks the return of the Escalera brothers (Iskul Bukol 20 Years After (Ungasis and Escaleras Adventure)) and the hardworking mother, Ina Montecillo (Ang Tanging Ina Ninyong Lahat)
Compared to last year's nine official entries, this year has only eight, all of which are being shown simultaneously during the 10-day run of the film fest. The lineup includes four comedy movies, two dramatic flicks, a horror trilogy and a digital animated film. It is expected to run from December 25, 2008 to January 5, 2009. All official entries will open on Christmas Day.
The criteria that were used in the selection were: story, creativity, commercial viability, Filipino cultural values, global appeal and innovativeness. The awarding ceremonies are slated for December 27 at the Harbor Garden Tent, Sofitel Philippine Plaza.
Viva Films’ "Baler," which aims to retell a contentious event of the Philippine revolution that happened in the church of San Luis de Tolosa in Baler, Aurora from July 1998 to June 1899, won ten awards, including Best Picture, Best Actress for Anne Curtis, Best Director for Mark Meily, Best Screenplay for Roy Iglesias, Best Supporting Actor for Phillip Salvador, Best Cinematography for Lee Meily, Best Production Design for Aped Santos, Best Editing for Danny Anonuevo, the Gender-Sensitive Award and the Gatpuno Antonio J. Villegas Cultural Awards.
Curtis won her first-ever acting award for her portrayal of Baler lass Feliza Reyes in love with a Spanish-Filipino trooper Celso Resurreccion (Jericho Rosales) in the historic siege.
"The fact that I was up against veteran actresses, who have won numerous awards in the past, made this trophy even more meaningful," Curtis said. She competed with veteran actresses Ai-Ai delas Alas ("Ang Tanging Ina N'yong Lahat"), Maricel Laxa, Dawn Zulueta (both for "Magkaibigan"), among others, for the Best Actress title. "This is also for Echo (Rosales' nickname), who also worked really hard for this film. He's one of the best actors I know," Anne told the Philippine Daily Inquirer shortly after the awards ceremony held at the Sofitel Hotel in Pasay City.
Meily earned his second MMFF Best Director award after winning the same plum for “Crying Ladies” in 2003. His wife Lee also took home her first MMFF award. Christopher de Leon, meanwhile, received his eighth festival Best Actor award, the most by any artist in its 34-year history, for a role inspired by the late Rudy Fernandez in the Maverick Films drama “Magkaibigan” opposite last year’s awardee Jinggoy Estrada.
Comedian-TV host Manilyn Reynes pulled a surprise when she was named Best Supporting Actress for her portrayal as a lesbian talent coordinator in Canary Films]]’ sex comedy “One Night Only,” which also won Best Original Story for its director Jose Javier Reyes. "She's a last minute replacement," said Reyes, who accepted the award in Manilyn's behalf. "I did not regret asking her to be a part of this film."
Newcomer Robert Villar, better known in the fantasy series “Dyesebel” as the mermaid’s trusted child friend “Buboy,” won Best Child Performer in Regal Films’ horror franchise “Shake, Rattle and Roll X.” Regal’s other festival entry, “Desperadas 2,” on the other hand, also won one award—Best Make-Up for Noli Villalobos.
The entry with the second most number of awards was the festival’s first-ever animated film, “Dayo Sa Mundo ng Elementalia,” which won four awards—Best Visual Effects (Robert Quilao), Best Musical Score (Jessie Lasaten), Best Theme Song (“Lipad” written by Jessie Lasaten and Artemio Abad Jr. and performed by Lea Salonga), and Best Sound (Albert Idioma and Wally Dellosa).
This year’s box office top grossers, Star Cinema’s “Tanging Ina N’yong Lahat” and the OctoArts Films-M-Zet Productions-APT Entertainment collaboration “Iskul Bukol: 20 Years After” won second and third festival Best Picture awards respectively.
The 34th Metro Manila Film Festival runs from Dec. 25 to Jan. 7.
Films in competition.
All 8 films included in the competition are being simultaneously shown from December 25, 2008.
Awards.
The awards night of 2008 Metro Manila Film Festival was held on December 27, 2008, at Sofitel Hotel, Manila. Historical film "Baler" won ten awards, including the Best Picture and Best Actress for Anne Curtis. Animated film "" received four awards, including Best Theme Song, "Lipad", performed by Lea Salonga. Sexy-comedy film "One Night Only" got two awards. Magkaibigan, Desperadas 2, and Shake, Rattle & Roll X won one each. Iskul Bukol: 20 Years After and Ang Tanging Ina N'yong Lahat were only two entries that won nothing. Here is the complete list of winners:
Special awards.
Reference:
Reception.
Critical.
As box-office receipts for the 2008 MMFF showed substantial growth over the previous year, questions concerning credibility and film quality issues remain. In an article in the Philippine Daily Inquirer, writer Rita Asilo stated that the MMFF organizers' move of encouraging producers to make more movies by giving tax-based incentives even to poorly made films could be viewed as a bad example. It also states that moviegoers cannot be educated by equating noble intention or commercial viability with quality. If the trend continues, more moviegoers would insist that the stranglehold that MMFF has on play dates and theatrical distribution during the Christmas season should end. Ultimately, the festival generated a grand total of P450,000,000 in ticket sales, an all-time record high.
Box-office results
December 25, 2008.
Reference:
January 7, 2009.
Reference:

</doc>
<doc id="19778195" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19778195" title="Elefantes (band)">
Elefantes (band)

Elefante was a Spanish band playing pop music
The band was composed with musicians Jordi Ramiro (drum), Julio Cascán (bass guitar), Hugo (guitar) and Shuarma (vocals and composer of the musical themes). 
The band was active from 1994 to 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="19778219" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19778219" title="Pompeian, Inc.">
Pompeian, Inc.

Pompeian, Inc. is a food company that was founded in Baltimore in 1906 and produced America’s first national brand of imported extra virgin olive oil. Today Pompeian offers a line of olive oils, including Extra Virgin, Classic and Extra Light tasting flavors. They have also introduced a blend of extra virgin olive oil and canola oil entriched with Omega-3 DHA. Pompeian also manufactures red wine vinegars, balsamic vinegars, and cooking wines, featuring the number one selling brand of red wine vinegar.
History.
The Pompeian company was started in Lucca, Italy in the late 1800s. Lucca’s close proximity to the port of Genoa allowed for the export of Pompeian Olive Oil throughout the world. One of its most important markets was the United States. As the twentieth century began, Pompeian appealed to the burgeoning European community in the United States and also to the many Americans who were just discovering olive oil’s taste and culinary versatility.
In 1906 a young entrepreneur named Nathan Musher purchased the Pompeian Olive Oil Company of Lucca, Italy, and continued to produce olive oil in Italy and import it to the United States. Musher also imported bulk olive oil, and built warehouses in Genoa, Tortosa, Barcelona, Malaga and Baltimore. The warehouses were equipped with steel, glass-enameled tanks. The warehouse at Baltimore had a capacity of a-million-and-a-half gallons of olive oil.
The Baltimore warehouse becomes the catalyst for expansion of Pompeian. In the late 1920s, because of turmoil taking place in Europe, the Musher family decided to cease production in Lucca, and move production to the Baltimore location.
In 1930, the company was sold to the Hoffberger family. This American entrepreneurial family had many packaged goods companies and owned the Baltimore Orioles for fifteen years. Under the Hoffbergers’ direction, Pompeian expanded nationally, making it the first national olive oil brand in history.
In the 1940s, Pompeian was promoted nationally. Among those who appeared in early Pompeian ads was actress Katherine de Mille, daughter of the famous movie director, and a wife of Anthony Quinn.
The company was purchased in 1975 by the Moreno family of Spain, who were already dealing in non-foods and foods such as olive oil, wine, and other items from Spain. Baldo Moreno of Spain purchased the brand in 1975, and a new generation of the family still runs it today. In 2005, Bill Monroe, who was instrumental in popularizing olive oil in the United States while at Bertolli, was named Chief Executive Officer of Pompeian.
On May 11, 2006, Pompeian marked its 100th anniversary in Baltimore with a commemorative ceremony, luncheon and tour of Pompeian’s importing and bottling facility. The company which employs 50 area residents and reported $75 million in sales was honored with a citation from the office of Gov. Robert L. Ehrlich Jr. and a “Pompeian Olive Oil Day” proclamation from the office of Mayor Martin O’Malley. To demonstrate its appreciation to Baltimore, Pompeian donated $10,000 to the Baltimore City Public School System. The company also donated $1,000 each to Our Lady of Pompei in Baltimore and The Christian Brothers which went to The Cardinal Gibbons School in Baltimore. The anniversary event was attended by over 100 other people including members of the Musher and Hoffberger families who shared their memorabilia and recollections with the guests.
Production efficiency.
In 2007, Pompeian added a sophisticated robotic palletizing system to efficiently handle cases of olive oil and wine vinegars. The system reduces costs and downtime while increasing production efficiency.

</doc>
<doc id="19778225" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19778225" title="Chapli">
Chapli

Chapli may refer to

</doc>
<doc id="19778329" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19778329" title="Banjo (wood lathe)">
Banjo (wood lathe)

In the craft of woodturning, a banjo is a common term for a fixture on the wood lathe, mounted on the lathe's bed, for holding the toolrest. It allows for adjustment of the toolrest in various positions, by the lathe operator, making it possible to hold the turning tool in the most convenient position for removing material from the spinning wood. 
The chosen position of the fixture can be locked in place on the lathe's bed in various ways, the most common method being a lever at the forward end of the fixture which acts upon an eccentric shaft with an attached clamp to secure the fixture to the lathe's bed.

</doc>
<doc id="19778343" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19778343" title="Satitherapy">
Satitherapy

Satitherapy is an integrative psychotherapy, which uses mindfulness (sati) as the key principle within a person centered approach developed by Carl R. Rogers. In this approach, it is the client who defines the goals of therapy and attains them with therapist's ethically skillful help (kusala). Satitherapy is grounded on respecting all life (ahimsa) and takes as its base the bodily anchored experiencing that is beyond the words. For this, it integrates the techniques of psychodrama developed by Jacob L. Moreno and expressive media for therapeutic acting-out, as well as the procedures of Buddhist insight meditation (satipatthána-vipassaná) and satidrama for therapeutic acting-in.
The theoretical training of satitherapists uses both the conceptual frame of Western psychology of mindfulness (cf. Germer, Siegel, Fulton, 2005; Didonna, 2009) and the system of psychology and ethics elaborated in the ancient Asian teachings of Abhidhamma (Frýba 1989; Frýba, 1996). Most of the practical skills and techniques are derived from the Abhidhamma. Thus the format of satitherapy includes theoretical knowledge and therapeutic skills from both Western and Asian sources.
There are two things unique to satitherapy:
These two paradigms of satitherapy are derived from Abhidhamma and they are not found in any other psychotherapy, which was developed within our Western Euro-American culture.

</doc>
<doc id="19778347" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19778347" title="Red Lion (film)">
Red Lion (film)

Plot summary.
Gonzo (Toshiro Mifune), a member of the Imperial Restoration Force, is being asked by the emperor to deliver official news to his home village of a New World Order. Wanting to pose as a military officer, he dons the Red Lion Mane of Office. Upon his return, his attempt to tell the village about a brand-new tax cut is quashed when the townfolk mistakenly assumes that he is there to rescue them from corrupt government officials. He learns that an evil magistrate has been swindling them for years. Now, he has to help the village, ward off Shogunate fanatics, along with the fact that he can't read his own proclamations.
The director, Kihachi Okamoto, is well known for introducing plot twists and surprising endings in his films, and Red Lion is no exception. What starts out as an almost comedic series of misunderstandings between almost comically drawn characters ends up turning far more serious as the film progresses. Tomi (Iwashita), as Gonzo's (Mifune) old flame, is tragically torn between her hopes that Gonzo's new marriage proposal is genuine, and her fears that her life will never improve unless she "goes along" with the corrupt and powerful who rule over the peasant's lives. The film ends with the peasants dancing to the cry of "Ee ja nai ka" ("Why not!?", "Whatever!", or "Nevermind!"), which fatalistically refers to the tumultuous 1866-67 period of Japanese history immediately preceding the imperial restoration and the end of the Edo period. 

</doc>
<doc id="19778382" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19778382" title="Arthur Atkinson (speedway rider)">
Arthur Atkinson (speedway rider)

Arthur Atkinson (born 1911, date of death unknown) was a former international motorcycle speedway rider and promoter who appeared in the first Speedway World Championship final in 1936.
Career.
Atkinson began riding motorcycles at the age of thirteen. He rode in trials and grasstrack before taking up speedway in 1928 with Blackpool. In 1929 he joined Leeds, captaining the team, and in 1930 won the Western Australia Championship. In 1930 he joined the Johnnie Hoskins-managed Wembley Lions. The team won the Southern League but in the last league meeting of the season Atkinson was left unconscious after a crash. He missed the most of the 1931 season after a dispute with Wembley but in September 1931 he joined the West Ham Hammers.
1936 saw Atkinson selected for England against Australia in the test series and was a regular up to the war.
In 1937 the Hammers won the National League Championship and in 1938 they won the ACU Cup. Atkinson remained with Hammers until the outbreak of World War II, in which Atkinson served in the Royal Air Force.
After the war he managed the West Ham Hammers alongside Stan Greatrex from 1946 until 1949. In 1950 Atkinson and his wife 'Tippy' (whom he married in 1937 - they met while she was working as Johnnie Hoskins' secretary) became promoters at the newly formed Rayleigh Rockets. Whilst promoting at Rayleigh he returned to riding again, for West Ham, but the twelve years away from competitive riding showed in his scoring. In 1952 he was signed by the Harringay Racers for £80 and scored reasonably well but after a poor start to 1953 Atkinson retired from racing for ever.
In addition to his speedway career, he ran a farm with his wife.

</doc>
<doc id="19778400" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19778400" title="Royal Coin Cabinet">
Royal Coin Cabinet

The Royal Coin Cabinet () is a museum located on Slottsbacken, Gamla Stan, in central Stockholm, Sweden, dedicated to the history of money. 
It is an institution with a national responsibility for the conservation and the historical studies of coins, medals, and finance in general. Through exposition the institution offers insights in the economical history of the world, by lending objects from its collection to researchers and expositions all over the world it helps developing the knowledge within its scope, and by maintaining a national register of coin hoards it is of great importance to scholars in Sweden. Over the portal is a piece of art by Elisabeth Ekstrand from 1996 called "Vattenporfyrlek" ("Water Porphyry Game") made of porphyry and marble.
Exhibits.
The museum includes exhibitions of coins, banknotes (the first in the world was issued in 1661 by Stockholms Banco), treasure hoards and piggy banks. Particularly notable are the oldest Swedish coin, a copper plate coin dating from Queen Christina's reign in 1644 that is thought at 19.7 kg to be the heaviest in the world, some of the Lohe treasure found in 1937 on Gamla Stan, Weimar Republic inflation currency and some Nobel prize medals. 

</doc>
<doc id="19778403" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19778403" title="Carleton Tufnell">
Carleton Tufnell

Carleton Fowell Tufnell (20 February 1856 – 26 May 1940) was an English cricketer.
Born in Northfleet, Tufnell attended Eton College, where he failed to make an appearance for the school's cricket eleven. A medium pace bowler and useful batsman, Tufnell made in eight first-class matches for Kent County Cricket Club, taking 15 wickets and scoring 108 runs.
He moved to India following the 1879 English cricket season, with false reports of his death in Simla reaching England in 1884.

</doc>
<doc id="19778415" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19778415" title="Elvis and Slick Monty">
Elvis and Slick Monty

Elvis and Slick Monty is a television series which aired on NTTV from 2004 to 2006.
Synopsis.
The adventures of two roommates (a half-man/half-fly referee and an ex-musician loosely based on Elvis Presley) as they face off against the world domination plans of an evil mayor.
Awards.
In 2007, "Elvis and Slick Monty" won a Lone Star Emmy award for "Outstanding Student Production (Non-News)".
DVD Release.
Two 3-disc DVD sets include the complete first and second seasons (along with audio commentary, bloopers, advertisements and the retrospective documentary "Behind the Shades: The Making of Elvis and Slick Monty"). The DVD is currently available through the show's official website.

</doc>
<doc id="19778418" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19778418" title="Point of contact">
Point of contact

A point of contact (POC) or single point of contact (SPOC) is a person or a department serving as the coordinator or focal point of information concerning an activity or program.
A POC is used in many cases where information is time-sensitive and accuracy is important. For example, they are used in Whois databases.

</doc>
<doc id="19778439" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19778439" title="Galanterie">
Galanterie

In the Baroque dance suite, the are pieces in the suite which are not "necessary" to the suite (unlike an allemande, gigue etc.) but are included to break up the suite and offer the chance to perform less familiar pieces. These movements usually follow the sarabande.
Examples of common galanteries include:

</doc>
<doc id="19778453" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19778453" title="Dalton Trevisan">
Dalton Trevisan

Dalton Jérson Trevisan (born 14 June 1925) is a Brazilian author of short stories. He has been described as an "acclaimed short-story chronicler of lower-class mores and popular dramas." Trevisan won the 2012 Prémio Camões, the leading Portuguese-language author prize, valued at .
His short stories are inspired in the daily life of his home city of Curitiba, though featuring characters and situations of universal meaning. His extremely concise and refined tales have been called "Haikus in prose". They are often based on dialogue, using a popular language, and underline the torturing and absurd aspects of everyday life. Often brutal, his narratives can be considered the reverse of moral tales, exposing a culture of perversion and violence underlying middle class hypocrisy.
, only one of his books has been translated into English, "The Vampire of Curitiba", in 1972.

</doc>
<doc id="19778468" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19778468" title="Fríða Á. Sigurðardóttir">
Fríða Á. Sigurðardóttir

Fríða Áslaug Sigurðardóttir (born December 10, 1940 in Hornstrandir- died May 7, 2010 in Reykjavík ) is an Icelandic novelist and short story writer. She made her literary debut in 1980, with the collection of short stories, "Þetta er ekki alvarlegt". She was awarded the Nordic Council's Literature Prize in 1992 for the novel "Meðan nóttin líður" ("Through the Night").

</doc>
<doc id="19778482" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19778482" title="Academy of Foreign Trade in Lwów">
Academy of Foreign Trade in Lwów

Academy of Foreign Trade in Lwów (, "AHZ") was one of four colleges in the city of Lwów in the interbellum period, when it belonged to the Second Polish Republic (now Lviv, Ukraine). It existed between the years 1937-1939 and was based on the "Foreign Trade College" ("Wyższa Szkola Handlu Zagranicznego"), active from 1922 till 1937.
First trade college in the city of Lwów was a 3-year, state-sponsored school, founded in 1817 and which in 1845 was named Academy of Trade. In 1875, a trade high school with Polish as the main language was opened. These institutions merged in 1922, creating the Foreign Trade College.
The Academy was based in a building constructed in the 1920s, located at 5 Bourlard Street, it also owned another building, at 10 Sakramentek Street. Its students studied foreign trade, law, geography and science of commodities. It was the only college in the Second Polish Republic which prepared its graduates for future consular services. First rector of the Academy was professor Antoni Pawlowski, followed by prof. Aleksander Doliński, prof. Henryk Korowicz and prof. Stanisław Ruziewicz. Both Korowicz and Ruziewicz were killed in the Massacre of Lviv professors. Also, specialists from both Lwów Polytechnic and the Jan Kazimierz University lectured at the Academy. The school ceased to exist in September 1939, following the joint Nazi and Soviet attack on Poland.

</doc>
<doc id="19778488" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19778488" title="Tour Triangle">
Tour Triangle

Tour Triangle, also known as "Projet Triangle", or simply "Triangle", is a proposed skyscraper located in the exhibition site Parc des Expositions de la Porte de Versailles, Paris, France. Designed by the Swiss agency Herzog & de Meuron, it will take the shape of a 180m tall glass pyramid with trapezoid base, wide from one side and narrow from another.
Description.
Tour Triangle is a triangle-shaped building that culminates at 180 metres.
Swiss architects’agency Herzog & De Meuron, notably known for the 'Bird's Nest' Olympic stadium in Beijing, were chosen to design what would become the first skyscraper to be built in “Intra muros” Paris since the construction of Tour Montparnasse. 
In April 2011, VIPARIS, the project owner, was given the green light for Triangle. The tower site is located next to Porte de Versailles in the “Parc des Expositions” (southwest of Paris).
Architecture.
Being 42 floors high, it will accommodate about 5 000 employees and host offices, street-level shops, panoramic observatories and a panoramic restaurant on the top floor.
Sustainability and environmental quality.
Triangle will be a sustainable skyscraper: It is designed to achieve a high energy performance and reach the HQE and BREEAM certifications. It will favor natural light, and generate four times less co2 than a standard building of its size.

</doc>
<doc id="19778492" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19778492" title="Bill Otis">
Bill Otis

Paul Franklin "Bill" Otis (December 24, 1889 – December 15, 1990) was a Major League Baseball player. Otis played for the New York Highlanders in the season. He was born in Scituate, Massachusetts, and died in Duluth, Minnesota.

</doc>
<doc id="19778494" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19778494" title="Partenaire Particulier">
Partenaire Particulier

Partenaire Particulier is French pop, electronic, and new wave band from Bordeaux. It was successful in France in the mid-1980s. Three of their singles were ranked on the SNEP chart (Top 50), including their signature song "Partenaire Particulier". They stopped releasing records in 1989, although they produced some records in the early 1990s using different pseudonyms.
The group was recently revived, due to their appearance in the RFM Party Tour.<br> Eric Fettweis under the "Partenaire Particulier" moniker released "Geek" in 2011 .

</doc>
<doc id="19778501" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19778501" title="Taşhan caravanserai">
Taşhan caravanserai

Taşhan caravanserai is in Hekimhan, Malatya of Turkey. The building was built in 1218 by İzzettin Keykavus I who was the sultan of the Sultanate of Rum.
Architecture.
The architect of the caravanserai is Selim El-Malati of Ebu'l Hasan. In 17th century, second part of the building with a large courtyard was added by Köprülü Mehmet Paşa grandvizor of Ottoman Empire. This great building was restored several times during centuries. It was used as a guesthouse in which the free food and stay provided to travelers for three days. This tradition lasted for centuries during Seljuk and Ottoman Turkish periods. This great structure was restored in 2007 by government once again. Nowadays it is empty and waiting for visitors.

</doc>
<doc id="19778503" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19778503" title="Augustin Dontenwill">
Augustin Dontenwill

Augustin Dontenwill (June 4, 1857 – November 30, 1931) was the Roman Catholic Oblates of Mary Immaculate (OMI) priest, who became Archbishop of Vancouver, Canada, from 1899 to 1908.
Curriculum Vitae.
Augustin Dontenwill was born on June 4, 1857, in Bischwiller, Alsace, France; where he came to the United States, as a child.
Ordination.
In 1885, Augustin Dontenwill became an Oblates of Mary Immaculate priest.
Consecration.
In 1897, Augustin Dontenwill became consecrated as Bishop and came to New Westminster to become Coadjutor Bishop of New Westminster and by 1899, he became Bishop of New Westminster. In 1908 he resigned as Bishop of New Westminster, to take charge as Superior General of the Oblates of Mary Immaculate.
Augustin Dontenwill died on November 30, 1931, as Bishop Emeritus of New Westminster.
Notes.
In 1908, there was a name change, from Bishop of New Westminster, to Archbishop of Vancouver (the Diocese was raised to an Archdiocese).

</doc>
<doc id="19778517" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19778517" title="Döllnitzbahn">
Döllnitzbahn

The Döllnitzbahn GmbH is a private railway company in Saxony in eastern Germany. It is the operator of the Oschatz–Mügeln–Kemmlitz/Glossen narrow gauge line in central Saxony.
History.
In November 1993 the newly founded "Döllnitzbahn GmbH" took over the remaining lines of the Mügeln railway network between Oschatz, Mügeln and Kemmlitz. The primary aim of the company was initially the preservation of the remaining goods traffic from the kaolin mine at Kemmlitz. For that purpose used narrow gauge goods wagons were bought from the Mansfeld mining railway and a new transshipment site to the standard gauge railway network was built in Oschatz. With the help of used PKP diesel locomotives, they succeeeded initially in keeping the goods traffic going. In spite of this, the demand gradually fell so that goods services had to be closed in 2001. The "Döllnitzbahn" was the last narrow gauge railway in Saxony to run public freight services.
Today only school trains and steam-hauled 'specials' run on the "Döllnitzbahn" railway.

</doc>
<doc id="19778535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19778535" title="Denis Kiselyov">
Denis Kiselyov

Denis Yuryevich Kiselyov (; born June 2, 1978 in Zelenograd) is a Russian footballer who last played for FC Dolgoprudny.

</doc>
<doc id="19778541" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19778541" title="Viiding">
Viiding

Viiding is an Estonian surname, and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19778568" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19778568" title="Qaraçanlı">
Qaraçanlı

Qaraçanlı or Karachanly or Karadzhanly may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19778591" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19778591" title="Gerry Henry">
Gerry Henry

Gerry Henry (5 October 1920 – 1979) was a professional footballer who played for Leeds United, Bradford Park Avenue, Sheffield Wednesday and Halifax Town. He later became manager at Halifax.

</doc>
<doc id="19778593" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19778593" title="Wes Keely">
Wes Keely

Wes Keely is a drummer from the United States best known for his time in Walls of Jericho, Until the End and Remembering Never, and has also drummed for bands such as Most Precious Blood, Throwdown, Anything But Joey, The Famed, Earthmover, and is a current member of Seattle rock band Again & Again.

</doc>
<doc id="19778597" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19778597" title="Hacienda del Lencero">
Hacienda del Lencero

The Hacienda del Lencero is a Spanish Colonial architecture era building and gardens located near of Xalapa city, in the state of Veracruz in eastern Mexico. The house, which takes its name from Juan Lencero, a soldier of Hernán Cortés, was the property of Antonio López de Santa Anna in the 19th century. 
Historic house museum.
Today, it is a historic house museum which displays furniture and items dating from this period. It also has a chapel and spacious gardens surrounding the property which include a sculpture by Gabriela Mistral who spent time there while in exile.

</doc>
<doc id="19778599" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19778599" title="Ed Wilkinson">
Ed Wilkinson

Edward Henry Wilkinson (June 20, 1890 to April 9, 1918) was a Major League Baseball player. He was born in Jacksonville, Oregon and died in Tucson, Arizona. Wilkinson batted and threw right-handed. 
Wilkinson played for the New York Highlanders in the 1911 season. In ten games, he had three hits in 13 at-bats, with one RBI, and a .231 batting average. Shortly thereafter, he contracted pulmonary tuberculosis, a condition that ended his career and contributed to his early death at the age of 27.

</doc>
<doc id="19778619" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19778619" title="Frankfurter Tor (Berlin U-Bahn)">
Frankfurter Tor (Berlin U-Bahn)

Frankfurter Tor is a station on U-Bahn line in Berlin, the capital city of Germany. It is situated under Frankfurter Tor, a large square.
Build by A. Grenander in 1930 it was first named Petersburger Strasse. After World War II it was named Bersarinstrasse (Nikolai Berzarin was the first Russian commander of Berlin). 1958 it was again renamed to Frankfurter Tor. 1991 it was again renamed to Rathaus Friedrichshain, but finally after the refurbishment with blue panels named again Frankfurter Tor. In future another line U1 will be extended to this station

</doc>
<doc id="19778634" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19778634" title="Vladimir Štimac">
Vladimir Štimac

Vladimir Štimac (Serbian Cyrillic: Владимир Штимац, born August 25, 1987) is a Serbian professional basketball player for Unicaja Málaga of the Liga ACB. He is also a member of the Serbian national team. He plays the center position.
Professional career.
Vladimir grew up with KK Beovuk 72 youth team, and later spent two years in Lithuania and one in Latvia before returning to Serbia. During his first season abroad, he played for Lithuanian giants BC Žalgiris reserves team and managed to make it into the first team for the next season. In order to get a chance to play as a first team regular, he was allowed to spend his third SEB BBL year with Latvian side SK Valmiera, where he was with no doubt the best player in the 2007–2008 season.
He managed to win a 2007 U20 European Championship gold medal as a member of the Serbian U20 National Team 2007.
He played for the Orlando Magic in the Orlando Pro Summer League in 2010.
In September 2010 he signed with Latvian team BK Ventspils, but was released few months later. In November 2010, he signed contract for remainder of season with ČEZ Basketball Nymburk.
In the summer of 2011, he signed a one-year contract with Olin Edirne Basket. He had a great season averaging 14.8 points and 9.9 rebounds and 1.3 assists in 30 games in Turkish League.
In the summer of 2012, he signed a contract with Banvit of the Turkish Basketball League. In September 2013, he signed with Unicaja Málaga. 

</doc>
<doc id="19778666" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19778666" title="Yevgeni Korablyov">
Yevgeni Korablyov

Yevgeni Konstantinovich Korablyov () (born October 29, 1978) is a Russian footballer who last played for FC Dynamo Kostroma.

</doc>
<doc id="19778667" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19778667" title="Joan Lascorz">
Joan Lascorz

Joan Lascorz Moreno (born 27 February 1985) is a former Spanish motorcycle racer. After success in domestic championships on both tarmac and gravel, he competed in the Supersport World Championship in 2007 and 2008.
Born in Cunit near Tarragona, Lascorz won the 1995 Catalan Pocket Bike Championship before first competing in Spanish Supersport races that year. He raced scooters and 125ccs in his home country, before switching back to Supermoto for 2004, winning the Spanish Championship in this field. He concentrated fully on Supersport after this, having 2 successful seasons in the domestic championship on Hondas.
Lascorz and his Glaner Motocard.com team moved up to World Supersport for 2007. Lascorz and the team took time to adjust and were only 18th overall despite a podium finish at Vallelunga. He started 2008 with a bang, finishing second in the season opener in Losail, Qatar (briefly leading on the run to the line, before the more-powerful factory bike of Broc Parkes overtook him) before winning the season's third race at Valencia to briefly lead the championship, after most other major contenders had at least one non-finish in the first three races [http://www.superbike.co.uk/racing/wss/Lascorz_wins_at_Valencia_World_supersport_ahead_of_Foret_Jones_news_225744.html. The works Honda and Yamaha teams ultimately overhauled him in the standings, and he finished 5th overall after a further podium at the final round.
For 2009, Lascorz and the Motocard team gained factory Kawasaki support, with Katsuaki Fujiwara joining the team and support from former race winner Pere Riba. He scored four podiums, and also led at Imola when the engine failed.
Lascorz and Fujiwara remained with the team for 2010. A championship challenge against the Hondas of Eugene Laverty and Kenan Sofuoglu was mounted early on, but a collision with Laverty and Roberto Tamburini at the start at Silverstone left him with multiple injuries.
In 2011 he moved to Superbike World Championship with Kawasaki 
finishing in 11th position in the championship overall.
After a good start to the 2012 Superbike World Championship, Lascorz was involved in a serious accident in post-race testing at the Autodromo Enzo e Dino Ferrari, which involved Lascorz crashing into an unprotected concrete wall near the track at nearly 200 km/h. Despite the best efforts of multiple medical teams, Kawasaki Racing Team released an update in August 2012 confirming what many initially expected- Lascorz had been paralysed, and will be unable to walk again. Commenting on his injuries, Joan stated that "What happened to me is a shame. I’m not sure if it was bad luck or that conditions in Imola were not suitable for a 240 HP bike. In any case, it is undoubtedly a full stop for my career as a SBK racer, and a period in my life. It's a very difficult situation and I have to be very strong to go ahead. I want to thank for the endless support I'm getting: all motorcycle riders both in SBK and MotoGP, and all the other categories. I also want to thank all the racing fans, and the amateur and professional bikers that have shown me examples of their affection." 
In 2013 Joan has joined a team of sports commentators, and he is covering the World Superbikes series on the Spanish television.

</doc>
<doc id="19778677" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19778677" title="Marantz HD77">
Marantz HD77

HD77 is a model name of Marantz 4-way high-fidelity loudspeakers which were produced during the mid-1970s. They were bass reflex speakers, but came with a cylindrical piece of foam which fit into the bass-reflex port of the enclosure if the listener preferred the more accurate bass response provided by airtight speaker boxes. However, they were not fully airtight this way, but rather what is known as aperiodic. They were designed by former JBL Engineer Edmond May. The foam plug in port was in fact a "closed-cell" type which did in fact seal cabinet completely. How it worked was it was cut slightly larger than opening and when inserted, you turned the retainer screw and it would tighten and compress the plug, thereby sealing the cabinet to make the loudspeaker a "suspension" type. The controls on baffle are resistive potentiometers, which changed the response curve of corresponding driver from soft to bright, giving great versatility to adapt within almost any listening environment. 
Technical details.
Weight: 49 lb (21 kg)
Power handling: 250 watts RMS, 330 Watts peak
Impedance: 8 ohms
Physical dimensions.
Marantz HD77s had a total volume of each. The cabinet dimensions are: 
Depth: 12 inches
Width: 15 inches
Height: 28.5 inches
Drivers.
The four drivers of the Marantz HD77s are a woofer, mid-range, tweeter and super tweeter. The given frequency responses are what the crossover circuit fed to each speaker, not what each speaker would respond to with no crossover circuit. The mid-range, tweeter and super tweeter have controls for switching between a laboratory flat and neutral response and a room EQ response. Frequency response is measured in an anechoic chamber from 20 Hz to 20 kHz, and displayed in a graph shown in original Marantz brochure. Crossover and frequency response are two different things. Crossover points are established for each driver within its specified frequency range. Without crossover points, the drivers would simply overheat and burn out, with exception of the woofer. The drivers perform together to create a frequency response. 
Woofer.
The woofer is in diameter with a frequency response of 30 to 500 hertz. 
Mid-range.
The mid-range is 4.5 inches in diameter with a frequency response of 500 hertz to 3 kilohertz.
Tweeter.
The tweeter is a LPF film dome-type. The tweeter's frequency response is from 3 kHz to 8 kHz.
Super tweeter.
The super tweeter is a 1-inch LPF film dome with response from 8 to 23 kHz, which extends 3 kHz above the nominal range of audio frequencies which can be heard by the human ear.

</doc>
<doc id="19778695" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19778695" title="European Youth Week 2008">
European Youth Week 2008

The European Youth Week 2008 took place across Europe from November 2 to 9. It included events organised all over the continent and offer background information, reports from the activities, and stories about the people taking part in this adventure.
The initiative to create this European Youth Week has been taken by the Directorate General for Education and Culture (DG EAC) of the European Commission.
"It's essential that young people and policy-makers from across Europe have arenas where they can meet and discuss policy issues. This Week offers them such a possibility. It also raises awareness of the EU Open page in new window Youth in Action Programme, so that more youth can take advantage of all the opportunities that it offers", explains Sergej Koperdak, Head of the Youth Policy Unit at the European Commission.
Aims.
There were three main aims to the 2008 Youth Week. As 2008 marks the 20th anniversary of European programmes for youth, the Week will take a look back to consider what has already been achieved. The participants will also discuss the future challenges for young Europeans, suggesting what future steps should be taken in the field of EU youth policy. As a third aim, the European Youth Week wants to contribute to this European year's theme of "Intercultural Dialogue".
Activities.
Debates, concerts and competitions are only a few examples of what did take place all over Europe. Young people in countries participating in the Youth in Action programme (the 27 EU countries, plus Iceland, Liechtenstein, Norway, and Turkey) had the opportunity to participate in this unique project.
In Brussels, more than 200 young people from all over Europe came together to debate youth issues and their ideas for Europe and to make suggestions to the European Commission and the European Parliament.

</doc>
<doc id="19778708" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19778708" title="Tom Holley">
Tom Holley

Tom Holley (November 15, 1913 – September 1992) was a professional footballer who played for Sunderland, Barnsley and Leeds United.
Born in Wolverhampton, he began his career with Sunderland at the turn of the 1930s, joining Barnsley later in the decade and guesting for Huddersfield Town during World War II. He signed for Leeds United for £3,750 in July 1936 and became team captain, playing in the centre half position. He guested for Huddersfield Town during World War II but returned to Leeds after the war had ended and remained there until retiring at the end of the 1948-49 season. He had played a total of 169 games for Leeds, scoring once.
After retiring from playing, he found himself a career in journalism as a football writer for the Yorkshire Evening Post and then The Sunday People, before retiring and moving to Majorca. He returned to England and Yorkshire in 1989, dying there in September 1992 at the age of 78.

</doc>
<doc id="19778750" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19778750" title="2008–09 Jordan FA Cup">
2008–09 Jordan FA Cup

The 2008-09 version of the Jordan FA Cup is the 29th edition to be played. It is the premier knockout tournament for football teams in Jordan.
Al-Faisaly (Amman) went into this edition as the club with the most number of wins, on 16, and the 2007-08 winner.
The cup winner were guaranteed a place in the 2010 AFC Cup.
Round of 16.
16 teams play home and away matches as Knock out stage.
Quarter-Finals.
8 teams play home and away matches as Knock out stage.
Semi-Finals.
4 teams play home and away matches as Knock out stage
Final.
2 teams play a one leg final.

</doc>
<doc id="19778761" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19778761" title="Wedran">
Wedran

Vedran Hamzić, better known as DJ Wedran, is a disc jockey born in Sarajevo, Bosnia and Herzegovina.
DJ career.
Vedran Hamzić had his first encounter with psy trance music in 1997.

</doc>
<doc id="19778765" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19778765" title="Belmont Community School">
Belmont Community School

Belmont Community School (formerly known as Belmont School Community Arts College) is a comprehensive school in Belmont, County Durham, England.
The school was awarded Arts College specialist-school status in 2006 however, this was unlikely to continue, due to unsatisfactory events and the school returned to its original community college status in late 2011.
Belmont School turned to Belmont Community Arts College from Belmont Comprehensive School in 2006, when the new performing arts building was built.
The school allows year 7s, 8s, 9s, 10s and 11s to use the facilities of the performing arts.
History.
The school was built in 1960s and has recently had a new £500,000 performing arts block added onto the campus. This block includes a professional dance, drama and music studio along with state-of-the-art recording equipment.
In 2009–2010, the school was almost going to be shut down due to debates in the council. From this happening a new academy was going to be built on the same campus, merging Gilesgate school with Belmont.
Name change, commencing in the 2011/2012 academic year.
Uniform change,commencing in the 2011/2012 academic year.

</doc>
<doc id="19778769" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19778769" title="Selection-based search">
Selection-based search

A selection-based search system is a search engine system in which the user invokes a search query using only the mouse. A selection-based search system allows the user to search the internet for more information about any keyword or phrase contained within a document or webpage in any software application on his desktop computer using the mouse.
Traditional browser-based search systems require the user to launch a web browser, navigate to a search page, type or paste a query into a search box, review a list of results, and click a hyperlink to view these results. Three characteristic features of a selection-based search system are that the user can invoke search using only his mouse from within the context of any application on his desktop (for example Microsoft Office, Adobe Reader, Mozilla Firefox, etc.), receive categorized suggestions which are based on the context of the user-selected text (or in some cases the wisdom of crowds), and view the results in floating information boxes which can be sized, shared, docked, closed and stacked on top of the document that has the user’s primary focus.
In its simplest form, selection-based search enables users to launch a search query by selecting text on any application on his desktop. It is commonly believed that selection-based search lowers the user barrier to search and permits an incremental number of searches per user per day. Selection-based search systems also operate on the premise that users value information in context. They may save the user from having to juggle multiple applications, multiple web browsers or use multiple search engines separately.
The term selection-based search is frequently used to classify a set of search engine systems, including a desktop client and a series of cloud computing services, but is also used to describe the paradigm of categorizing a keyword and searching multiple data sources using only the mouse. The National Information Standards Organization (NISO) uses the terms selection-based search and mouse-based search interchangeably to describe this web search paradigm.
Operation.
Selection-based search systems create what is known as a semantic database of trained terms. They do not compile a physical database or catalogue of the web on the users' desktop computer. Instead, they take a user's selected keyword or keywords, pass it to several heterogeneous online cloud services, categorize the keyword(s), and then compile the results in a homogeneous manner based on a specific algorithm.
No two selection-based search systems are alike. Some simply provide a list of links in a context menu to other websites, such as the proposed Internet Explorer 8 Accelerators feature. Others only allow the user to search his desktop files such as Macintosh Spotlight, or to search a popular search engine such as Google or Yahoo!, while others only search lesser-known search engines, newsgroups, and more specialized databases. Selection-based search systems also differ in how the results are presented and the quality of semantic categorization which is used. Some will open links to content in a new browser window. Others return content in floating information boxes which can be sized, shared, docked, etc.
A key challenge for selection-based search is that a long or nested list of categories quickly becomes unwieldy for the user. Therefore, it is incumbent upon the selection-based search system to both categorize the user-selected text and to identify those online services which most naturally apply to the selected text. For example, when the user selects an address, the system needs to identify the address as most suitable for an online mapping service such as Google Maps. When the user selects a movie title, the system needs to identify the selection as suitable for a movie database such as Internet Movie Database. When the user selects the name of a company, the system needs to identify the concordant stock symbol and an appropriate financial database such as Yahoo! Finance.
Quality of results.
Usability can vary widely between selection-based search systems based on a large number of variables. Even the most basic selection-based search systems will allow more of the web to be searched by the user in the context of his work than any one stand-alone search engine. On the other hand, the process is sometimes said to be redundant if the system applies no intelligence to categorizing the selected text and matching it to an online service, and simply provides a link for the user to his or her preferred search engine(s).

</doc>
<doc id="19778771" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19778771" title="The Texas Heart Institute">
The Texas Heart Institute

The Texas Heart Institute is a not-for-profit cardiology and heart surgery center located within the Texas Medical Center in Houston, Texas. Founded in 1962 by Dr. Denton A. Cooley, its original charter stated its purpose was “the study and treatment of diseases of the heart and blood vessels. Today, the Institute’s mission is to reduce the devastating toll of cardiovascular disease through innovative programs in research, education, and improved patient care. The Texas Heart Institute and its clinical partner, St. Luke's Episcopal Hospital, have become one of the nation's largest cardiovascular centers. Its 160-member professional staff have performed more than 100,000 open heart operations, 200,000 cardiac catheterizations, and 1,000 heart transplants. In 2010, in its annual survey of “America's Best Hospitals,” U.S. News & World Report ranked the Texas Heart Institute at St. Luke's Episcopal Hospital number 4 in the United States for heart care, making this its 20th consecutive year as one of the top 10 heart centers in the country. 
History.
1962 – Charter for the Texas Heart Institute is filed at the Texas Capitol Building on August 3. 
1967 – Ground is broken on June 26 for the St. Luke’s Episcopal Hospital expansion program for the Texas Heart Institute and a 28-story patient tower. 
1972 – Eight new operating suites are opened for surgery, three of which have overhead viewing galleries, or “domes,” for teaching purposes.
1974 – Clayton Research Cardiac Catheterization Labs are opened.
1976 – The first accredited School of Perfusion Technology in the United States is opened.
1977 – Electrophysiology laboratories are opened.
1978 – Institute surgeons perform the first bridge-to-transplant procedure, wherein a left ventricular assist device is used to support the patient until a donor heart becomes available for transplantation.
1980 – Two more operating suites are opened for surgery.
1981 – Institute surgeons perform the second implantation in the world of an artificial heart in a human.
1983 – “Skybreaking” ceremony on December 13 officially begins the construction phase of an expansion plan to add four new floors.
1991 – Patient with a portable, battery-powered left ventricular assist device becomes the first in the world to leave the hospital with his device.
1998 – Texas Heart Institute at St. Luke’s Episcopal Hospital is chosen as one of six centers where cardiac magnetic resonance imaging trials are performed.
1999 – The US Food and Drug Administration (FDA) approves the use of a stent graft for the repair of abdominal aortic aneurysms; the device was tested exclusively at the Texas Heart Institute.
2000 – The Texas Heart Institute becomes the first site for clinical trials of the Jarvik 2000, a miniature, axial flow left ventricular assist device.
2001 – Institute surgeons perform the 100,000th open heart operation at the Texas Heart Institute. 
2002 – The dedication of the Texas Heart Institute at St. Luke’s Episcopal Hospital–The Denton A. Cooley Building takes place. 
2003 – The Texas Heart Institute becomes the first nationally ranked cardiovascular center in the United States to open a simulation training laboratory for cardiac catheterization procedures.
2004 – The Texas Heart Institute begins the first FDA-approved clinical trial in the United States of adult stem cell therapy for the treatment of congestive heart failure.
2006 – Institute surgeons perform the 1000th heart transplant procedure at the Texas Heart Institute.
2007 – The National Institutes of Health selects the Texas Heart Institute as one of five centers for a stem cell study consortium.
2008 – The Texas Heart Institute receives a grant from the National Institutes of Health to develop a new total artificial heart that will comprise 2 small, continuous flow ventricular assist devices—the first total artificial heart of its kind. 
2008 – Dr. James T. Willerson assumes the role of president of the Texas Heart Institute, effective August 1.
Research.
The Stem Cell Center of the Texas Heart Institute was first in the United States to receive FDA approval for an adult stem cell clinical trial to treat patients with advanced heart failure. In addition, the Texas Heart Institute was one of five centers selected by the National Institutes of Health to study stem cell treatments for patients with cardiovascular disease. The National Heart, Lung, and Blood Institute has provided a $33.7 million to support these centers in a new national consortium called the Cardiovascular Cell Therapy Research Network. 
Physician scientists at the Texas Heart Institute have amassed the world’s greatest experience in the development and use of ventricular assist devices (VADs) to sustain the failing circulation in patients with severe heart failure. More than a dozen different VADs are being studied in clinical trials conducted by the Center for Cardiac Support at the Texas Heart Institute, and more are under development in preclinical studies. A key area of research in the field of VADs is the concept of heart failure “remission,” or the use of a VAD to support a patient’s heart, thus giving the heart time to heal and recover normal function. Over the last three years, seven patients supported long term with a HeartMate II VAD have achieved remission, allowing for the removal of their devices. Researchers are also working on the development of a small total artificial heart that would deliver blood by continuous flow rather than pulsation.
Medical firsts.
Many firsts have been achieved by cardiologists and surgeons at the Texas Heart Institute.
Educational Programs.
The Texas Heart Institute has a number of educational programs that may be of benefit to physicians and lay persons who are interested in learning more about heart disease. 
The Center for Cardiac Support developed a course to train health care professionals in the use of the various cardiac support technologies. Through lectures, discussions, case presentations, and laboratory exercises, course participants will learn the best treatment options for their patients who require cardiac support. The course is delivered by staff from the Texas Heart Institute’s Center for Cardiac Support. The staff’s extensive experience in the field and the Texas Heart Institute’s state-of-the-art facilities provide a unique educational opportunity for participants.
Institute physicians and scientists publish approximately 300 scientific manuscripts every year in medical journals that are indexed via PubMed. "The Texas Heart Institute Journal", a quarterly medical journal received by 45 000 cardiovascular physicians internationally, can be accessed via PubMed and the PubMed Central website. Heart Watch, a quarterly scientific bulletin is available in English and Spanish versions. In addition, a Library and Learning Resource Center is available to THI health professionals and researchers for accessing electronic systems and print publications that contain information about cardiovascular disease.
THI has a variety of postdoctoral programs. Each year, 100 heart specialists improve their knowledge and skills through participation in these programs, which have been instrumental in the training of more than 2600 heart specialists from 44 states and 47 countries. 
Continuing Medical Education provides online programs designed to keep physicians from throughout the world up-to-date with the latest information on the prevention and treatment of heart disease. The website offers physicians, scientists, and health care professionals the opportunity to view and receive free credit for online symposia, cardiology grand rounds, courses in ethics and heart sounds auscultation, and case studies in peripheral vascular disease, electrophysiology, and echocardiography. 
The Heart Information Center (HIC) is a free, heart-health information resource for patients and the public. The facility, comprising a library of print and multimedia resources and computer workstations with Internet access, is located on the first floor of the Texas Heart Institute at St. Luke’s Episcopal Hospital–The Denton A. Cooley Building. The HIC also provides assistance to the public via e-mail and telephone inquiries and an extensive website resource offering more than 150 heart-health topics in both English and Spanish. 
The Project Heart website, a resource for teachers, parents, and students, extends the HIC outreach to the virtual classroom. With complete lesson plans for kindergarten through 6th grade, the site provides educators with activities to teach heart anatomy, good nutrition, and a healthy lifestyle. All materials comply with Texas Essential Knowledge and Skills criteria.
Location.
The Texas Heart Institute is located in the Denton A. Cooley Building, adjacent to its clinical partner, St. Luke’s Episcopal Hospital, within the Texas Medical Center in Houston, Texas. The 327,000-square foot, 10-story Cooley Building was designed for four primary purposes—patient care, research, education, and clinical treatment. There are twelve operating rooms devoted exclusively to heart procedures and three floors of specialized patient care rooms.
Two floors of the Cooley Building are devoted to the molecular and cellular study (basic scientific research) of cardiovascular disease. One of those floors is used collaboratively by The University of Texas system for cardiovascular research.
A helistop is located on the roof of the building, which increases the efficiency of emergency patient care and the heart transplant program.

</doc>
<doc id="19778780" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19778780" title="Mügeln railway network">
Mügeln railway network

The gauge Mügeln railway network (Mügelner Netz) was a network of narrow gauge lines in Saxony, eastern Germany, running between Oschatz, Döbeln, Neichen, Strehla and Lommatzsch, whose operational hub was at Mügeln. The routes were built primarily to reach the rural hill country of central Saxony. Mügeln station was once one of the largest narrow gauge railway stations in Europe.
History.
On 7 January 1885 the first section of the route between Mügeln and Oschatz was opened. In 1920 it was taken over by the Deutsche Reichsbahn.
The survival of the Kemmlitz–Mügeln–Oschatz line since 1975 is mainly thanks to the transportation of kaolin.
In November 1993 the Deutsche Reichsbahn transferred the remaining section of line to the newly founded private railway company, "Döllnitzbahn". This had been formed in 1993 as the result of an initiative by the district of Torgau-Oschatz and the passenger association, "Pro Bahn". The primary aim of the company was initially the preservation of the existing goods traffic from the kaolin mine in Kemmlitz. For that purpose, second-hand, narrow gauge, goods wagons were bought from the Mansfeld mining railway and a new transshipment site to the standard gauge railway network was built in Oschatz. With the help of used PKP diesel locomotives, they succeeeded initially in keeping the goods traffic going. In spite of this, the demand gradually fell so that goods services had to be closed in 2001. The Döllnitzbahn was the last narrow gauge railway in Saxony to run public freight services.
"Förderverein Wilder Robert".
The "Förderverein Wilder Robert" ('Society for the Promotion of the 'Wild Robert') was founded in 1994 with the aim of preserving the historic sites and vehicles of the so-called "Wilder Robert" or 'Wild Robert' line. To begin with the society's sphere of activity was the running of special trips with the existing, operational vehicle fleet using, amongst others, the Saxon IV K steam locomotives, nos. 99 561, 99 574 and 99 584.
With the help of ABM and local firms, members of the society gradually began to restore the distinctive buildings along the narrow gauge railway. These included the Mügeln goods shed, the first-aid building, signal box I and the railway maintenance building. In 2008 in Oschatz the boiler house is being worked on. The society's biggest achievement was the rebuilding of the Nebitzschen–Glossen line with the assistance of the village of Sornzig-Ablass.
Progress has been made on the vehicle front too. The Saxon IV K, numbers 99 561 and 99 574 underwent their general inspections in 2001-2003 and 2006-2007 respectively. Even wagons were refurbished; the heavy luggage van 970-277 being completed in 2001. It was followed by the goods wagon GGw 97-15-02, lidded wagon KKw 97-27-18 and luggage van KD4 974-309. More vehicles are planned to be restored.

</doc>
<doc id="19778781" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19778781" title="Why Not Model Agency">
Why Not Model Agency

Why Not Model Agency is a modeling agency based in Milan, Italy, and founded by Tiziana Casali and Vittorio Zeviani in 1976. 
Models.
Models represented by the agency have included:

</doc>
<doc id="19778782" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19778782" title="Maksim Povorov">
Maksim Povorov

Maksim Yevgenyevich Povorov () (born September 17, 1977 in Moscow) is a Russian footballer who last played for FC Dolgoprudny.

</doc>
<doc id="19778810" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19778810" title="Servicio Urbano de Xalapa">
Servicio Urbano de Xalapa

Servicio Urbano de Xalapa is a bus company operating in the city of Xalapa, Mexico.

</doc>
<doc id="19778831" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19778831" title="Ron Hornby">
Ron Hornby

Ron Hornby (13 April 1914 – 1962) was a professional footballer who played for Stalybridge Celtic, Rochdale and Burnley.

</doc>
<doc id="19778836" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19778836" title="Henry Parry (priest)">
Henry Parry (priest)

Henry Parry (c.1766 – 17 December 1854) was a Welsh clergyman and antiquarian.
Life.
Parry was the son of Henry Parry, from Llanuwchllyn in Merionethshire, Wales and was educated at Jesus College, Oxford (matriculating on 1 June 1786, when he was recorded as being 20 years old, and obtaining a Bachelor of Arts degree in 1790). After his ordination as a priest, he was vicar of Llanasa, Flintshire from 1798 to 1854. In addition, he was a rural dean, and was made a canon of St Asaph's Cathedral in 1833. In addition to his parish work, he was active in eisteddfods and was an antiquarian; he also edited the second edition of the "Grammatica Britannica" by John Davies of Mallwyd, and this was published in 1809 (212 years after the first edition). Parry died on 17 December 1854.

</doc>
<doc id="19778851" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19778851" title="Auto-Transportes Banderilla">
Auto-Transportes Banderilla

Auto-Transportes Banderilla is a bus company operating in the city of Xalapa, Mexico. 

</doc>
<doc id="19778893" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19778893" title="Interbus (Xalapa)">
Interbus (Xalapa)

Interbus is a bus company operating in the city of Xalapa, Mexico. The company operates two lines of buses in the city, the Green Line and the Yellow Line. 

</doc>
<doc id="19778906" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19778906" title="Lova Moor">
Lova Moor

Lova Moor (real name Marie-Claude Jourdain, born on March 5, 1946 in La Grève-sur-Mignon, Charente-Maritime) is a French dancer, singer and occasional actress.
Biography.
She began her career as a nude dancer. Hired by Alain Bernardin at the Crazy Horse Saloon, she quickly reached notoriety by becoming leader of the troupe and by marrying her employer, who died in 1994.
In 1986, she released her debut single, "Tendresse SOS" which passed unnoticed, then "Et je danse" in 1988 which hit #9 on the French SNEP Singles Chart. Her next singles, "Je m'en balance" (1989), "Danse encore" (1990), "My Life" (1991), "Jealous" (1992), "As You Want" (1993), "Ma Géographie" (1993), "Oh les mecs" (1997) and "Batucada" (1998). A compilation containing another song "C'est vrai" was released in 2003 by Yvon Chataigner.
She appeared in three films : "Crazy Horse de Paris" (Alain Bernardin, 1977), "Saturday, Sunday and Friday" (Castellano & Pipolo, 1979) and "Le Tronc" (Bernard Faroux and Karl Zéro, 1992).
She also produced a perfume.

</doc>
<doc id="19778927" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19778927" title="Liberty Hall (Camden, Alabama)">
Liberty Hall (Camden, Alabama)

Liberty Hall is a historic plantation house near Camden, Alabama. The two-story Greek Revival style main house was built in 1855 for John Robert McDowell by W.W. Robinson. The two-story front portico features two central Ionic columns flanked by a square column to each side, reminiscent of a distyle-in-antis arrangement. The floor plan is centered on a broad hall that separates four large, equally proportioned rooms on both levels. The formal rooms and hall on the lower level have elaborate plasterwork that was designed, in part, by Harriet McDowell, wife of John Robert McDowell. The house is currently owned by the great-granddaughter of the original owner. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on January 05, 1984.

</doc>
<doc id="19778930" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19778930" title="Ai Là Triệu Phú">
Ai Là Triệu Phú

Ai là triệu phú (English translation: "Who is the millionaire?") is a Vietnamese game show based on the original British format of "Who Wants to Be a Millionaire?". The show is hosted by Lại Văn Sâm. The main goal of the game is to win 150 million đồng (about US$7,200) by answering 15 multiple-choice questions correctly. There are four "lifelines" - fifty fifty, phone a friend ("gọi điện thoại cho người thân"), ask the audience ("hỏi ý kiến khán giả") and ask three people from the audience ("tư vấn tại chỗ", can be used after fifth question, fourth lifeline introduced in 2008). "Ai là triệu phú?" is broadcast from January 4, 2005 to today. It is shown on the Vietnamese TV station VTV3 on every Tuesday at 8PM (UTC+7).
No one in this version has won the top prize, however a contestant in September 2008 and a pair of contestants in November 2008 had reached the final question and ultimately walked away. The answer of the former one wound up being correct.
This show's graphics are based closely to the Australian version of the show.
A new version called "Ai là triệu phú - Ghế nóng" with Hot Seat format was started on September 7, 2010 and ended on June 28, 2011.
On July 5, 2011, the original version came back as a replacement for the Hot Seat format.
The game was played on VTV's 43rd anniversary special broadcast on September 6, 2013 on VTV1. It was hosted by Đức Khuê. Singer Phương Thanh participated in the game, answered all 15 questions correctly and won the prize of "work as an editor of "Ai là triệu phú" for one day".
External links.
http://newssaigon.net/

</doc>
<doc id="19778941" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19778941" title="Aleksandr Shvetsov">
Aleksandr Shvetsov

Aleksandr Vasilyevich Shvetsov () (born December 17, 1980) is a Russian footballer.
He last played for FC Dolgoprudny.

</doc>
<doc id="19778949" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19778949" title="Charles McGregor">
Charles McGregor

Charles McGregor (September 1, 1922August 11, 1996) was an African American actor, best known for his role as Fat Freddie in "Super Fly". In his youth, he spent a number of years in prison. During the 1970s, he became an actor and played supporting roles in several blaxploitation films. After his film career, he toured the United States and went to junior high schools and high schools, counseling children on the dangers of crime, drugs, and prison. In 1980, he married Carolyn Pryor. He wrote his autobiography, called "Up From the Dead: The Charles McGregor Story" with a woman named Sharon Sopher. He died on August 11, 1996.

</doc>
<doc id="19778972" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19778972" title="I've Cried My Last Tear for You">
I've Cried My Last Tear for You

"I've Cried My Last Tear for You" is a song written by Tony King and Chris Waters, and recorded by American country music singer Ricky Van Shelton. It was released in February 1990 as the second single from his album "RVS III". The song became Shelton's seventh number-one single on the "Billboard" Hot Country Singles & Tracks (now Hot Country Songs) chart.

</doc>
<doc id="19778985" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19778985" title="Cecil Knatchbull-Hugessen, 4th Baron Brabourne">
Cecil Knatchbull-Hugessen, 4th Baron Brabourne

Cecil Marcus Knatchbull-Hugessen, 4th Baron Brabourne (27 November 1863 – 15 February 1933) was an English cricketer, and later a British peer.
Born in Lowndes Square, Chelsea, London, Knatchbull-Hugessen was the fourth child and second son of Edward Knatchbull-Hugessen, 1st Baron Brabourne and his first wife, Anna Maria Elizabeth Southwell. He was educated at Eton College and King's College, Cambridge, and appeared in the cricket eleven at both.Knatchbull-Hugessen is listed in the "Supplementary List of Deaths in 1931-32 and 1933", under Brabourne.</ref> A right-handed batsman and wicket-keeper, he also made appearances for Kent County Cricket Club. In total he scored 192 runs in 12 appearances, and took ten catches and one stumping keeping wicket.
Knatchbull-Hugessen succeeded to the title Baron Brabourne in 1915, following the death of his first cousin Wyndham Knatchbull-Hugessen. Knatchbull-Hugessen also inherited the Knatchbull Baronetcy, of Mersham Hatch, after the death of an other cousin, Sir Wyndham Knatchbull, 12th Baronet, in 1917.
Knatchbull-Hugessen died whilst journeying from Cape Town to London aboard the SS "Caernarvon Castle" in February 1933.

</doc>
<doc id="19778993" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19778993" title="List of Lovejoy episodes">
List of Lovejoy episodes

This is a list of episodes of the British television show "Lovejoy" which first aired between 1986 and 1994. The first season was broadcast in 1986, with a five-year hiatus between that and the second season in 1991.
Though there was a recurring supporting cast, the only actor to appear in all 73 episodes was Ian McShane who played the eponymous role of Lovejoy, a roguish antiques dealer.
Series 1.
<onlyinclude>
</onlyinclude>
Series 2.
<onlyinclude>
</onlyinclude>
In repeats "The Black Virgin of Vladimir" is sometimes cut into two parts with the first part entitled "Riding in Rollers".
Series 3.
<onlyinclude>
</onlyinclude>
Series 4.
<onlyinclude>
</onlyinclude>
Series 5.
<onlyinclude>
</onlyinclude>
Series 6.
<onlyinclude>
</onlyinclude>

</doc>
<doc id="19779000" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19779000" title="Armando Fernández (wrestler)">
Armando Fernández (wrestler)

Armando Fernández García (born February 9, 1969) is a Mexican former sport wrestler from Xalapa, Veracruz, in eastern Mexico. Nicknamed "La Jarocha" he competed in Olympic wrestling in the 1990s appearing in Wrestling at the 1992 Summer Olympics - Men's Greco-Roman 57 kg and Wrestling at the 1996 Summer Olympics - Men's Greco-Roman 57 kg.

</doc>
<doc id="19779006" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19779006" title="Dasha Zhukova">
Dasha Zhukova

Darya "Dasha" Alexandrovna Zhukova (; born 8 June 1981) is a, philanthropist, entrepreneur, fashion designer and the editor-in-chief of bi-annual art and fashion magazine GARAGE.
Biography.
Zhukova was born in Moscow in 1981. Her father is Alexander Radkin Zhukov, a prominent Russian businessman and oil magnate. Her mother is Elena Zhukova, a Russian scientist who is now retired from UCLA where she taught molecular biology. Her parents split when she was three. At the age of 10 she moved with her mother to the United States. Her mother is Jewish and her father is Christian; she says she identifies more with her mother's religion. She lived in Houston, Texas in the early 90s and grew up in Los Angeles, California. Zhukova attended a Jewish day-school in California. She attended Pacific Hills School for high school, and graduated in 1999. She graduated with honors from the University of California, Santa Barbara with degrees in Slavic Studies and Literature. She returned to Moscow and later moved to London. In 2004, she entered London’s College of Naturopathic Medicine. It was not until Zhukova enrolled at this college that she became aware of contemporary art.
In 2008, Zhukova founded the IRIS Foundation, a non-profit organization dedicated to promoting contemporary culture.
Through IRIS, Zhukova and International Coordinator Mollie Dent-Brocklehurst launched The Garage Center for Contemporary Culture in Moscow, which has become a prominent venue for modern and contemporary art. It is housed in one of Russia’s architectural masterpieces, the former Bakhmetevsky Bus Garage, designed in 1926 by the Constructivist architect, Konstanin Melnikov. Currently, the Garage Center is slated to open a satellite on New Holland Island, recently purchased by Zhukova’s romantic partner, billionaire Roman Abramovich, whose fortune is widely believed to have been acquired through the use of bribery and insider deals. 
In addition to supporting The Garage, the IRIS Foundation allows Zhukova to pursue and execute arts projects throughout the world, including an exhibition of Hector Zamora’s Sciame di dirigibili – Venezia, which was featured at the 2009 Venice Biennale. In November 2009, Zhukova chaired MOCA’s 30th Anniversary Gala, which included performances from Lady Gaga and the Bolshoi Ballet. Zhukova is also the editor-in-chief of the biannual publication named "Garage" purported to "ignite raw collaborations between art, fashion, and literature". The publication is named after the art center.
Zhukova has been involved in a number of business ventures in fashion and design. In 2006, she co-founded the fashion label Kova & T with her childhood friend Christina Tang. She maintains a role in the creative direction of the company, which recently announced a collaboration with Urban Outfitters.
In February 2009, Zhukova was appointed editor-in-chief of the fashion magazine "Pop". Many in the industry saw her as an unlikely replacement for widely respected launch editor Katie Grand. The experiment lasted three issues, and she resigned from that position in November 2010.
Zhukova is also a partner in Art.sy, an online platform for discovering and collecting art that she hopes will become an “encyclopedia of artworks in one place.” 
Zhukova is a founder of the New Holland Development (NHD, a Millhouse group company) that
on November 15, 2010 won an investment tender held by the city of Saint Petersburg to redevelop historical New Holland Island.
Zhukova is a member of the board of trustees of LACMA (Los Angeles County Museum of Art).
On January 2014, an image of Zhukova sitting on a chair made to look like a half-naked black woman was published on fashion website Buro 24/7. However, the website removed the picture soon after as it sparked a racism row.
Personal life.
Her partner is Roman Abramovich, a Russian businessman-oligarch and the main owner of the private investment company Millhouse LLC. The couple have two children: Aaron Alexander, born 3 December 2009 and Leah Lou, born 15 April 2013. (Abramovich has five other children from a previous relationship.)
Her former partner is Marat Safin, the retired former Tennis World Champion Number 1. The couple split late in 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="19779015" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19779015" title="Mollu">
Mollu

Mollu may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19779017" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19779017" title="Islam in French Guiana">
Islam in French Guiana

Islam is a minority religion in French Guiana. The Islamic population is made up of mainly Arabs from Lebanon, and Afghan Muslims. In Cayenne, the capital of the country, and Kourou, there is an Islamic centre and a Muslim school.

</doc>
<doc id="19779023" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19779023" title="Ian Campbell (opera director)">
Ian Campbell (opera director)

Ian David Campbell () is an Australian-born opera singer, stage director, administrator, radio broadcaster and writer. He has been the General Director and Artistic Director of San Diego Opera since 1983. 
Campbell was born in Brisbane, grew up in Townsville, and graduated from the University of Sydney, holding the designations of Fellow, and Certified Professional Manager, from the Australian Institute of Management. 
He began his operatic career in 1967 as a principal character tenor with the Australian Opera (now known as Opera Australia), and retired from singing in 1974 following the first season in the Sydney Opera House. He moved into management as Senior Music Officer for the Australia Council from 1974 to 1976, and later became General Manager of the State Opera of South Australia in Adelaide from 1976 to 1982. In 1982 he joined the Metropolitan Opera in New York as Assistant Artistic Administrator before becoming the General and Artistic Director, CEO of San Diego Opera in 1983 (a position that he continues to serve in today).
His stage directing credits include "La bohème" (1981) and "The Tales of Hoffmann" (1982) for the State Opera of South Australia; "Cavalleria rusticana" and "Pagliacci" for Santa Barbara Grand Opera (1999). For San Diego Opera he has staged "Falstaff" (1999), "Il trovatore" (2000), "Tosca" (2002), "Katya Kabanova" (2004) with Patricia Racette, "La traviata" (2004) with Anja Harteros singing her first Violetta, "La bohème" (2005) with Richard Leech, and "Don Quichotte" (2009) with Ferruccio Furlanetto and Denyce Graves. 
Campbell is a past Chairman of Opera America. He was a Guest Professor of Music at San Diego State University in 1986, conducted annual master classes for singers at the Music Academy of the West in Santa Barbara for seven years, and chaired the judging panel for the Metropolitan Opera auditions in the Sydney Opera House in Australia in August 1989.
He was the San Diego Press Club Headliner of the Year for the Arts in 1991, and in 1997 was chosen as one of the Fathers of the Year for San Diego. In 2004 he received The University of Sydney’s prestigious James Wolfensohn Award for “the betterment of society and his profession.”
For 20 years Campbell produced and hosted programs on San Diego radio, and in 2003 his program “At the Opera with Ian Campbell” was awarded both First Place for a Radio Series, and Best of Show for Radio by the San Diego Press Club.
He currently resides in the Mission Hills area of San Diego, and is the father of sons Benjamin and David.

</doc>
<doc id="19779049" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19779049" title="Worldwide Brands">
Worldwide Brands

Worldwide Brands is a company that was founded by Chris Malta in 1999. It is a product sourcing research company whose primary function is to locate and qualify factory-authorized wholesale suppliers and wholesale manufacturers that are willing to sell to home businesses and Internet retailers. Worldwide Brands publishes the results of its findings in an online wholesale directory. They also publish educational materials that teach sourcing wholesale products to sell online. Its headquarters are in Maitland, Florida.
History and origin.
Before establishing Worldwide Brands, Chris Malta spent many years as a Microsoft Certified Systems Engineer, designing and building corporate and ecommerce server platforms and managing major installations for Fortune 100 businesses. In 2003, he was a founding partner of a wholesale company in New York that distributed darts and dartboard products. To date, he has been engaged in wholesale, retail, and entrepreneurial endeavors for more than thirty years, and currently serves as the CEO of Worldwide Brands, Inc. Malta is the author of numerous books on online retail and product sourcing, and the co-author of "What to Sell On eBay" and "Where to Get It" with Lisa Suttora, founder of Blue Island Marketing Group. From January 2005 to June 2007, he co-hosted "The Entrepreneur Magazine eBiz Show and The Entrepreneur Magazine Product Sourcing show" with his business partner Robin Cowie. Additionally, he has served as the product sourcing editor for eBay Radio since 2006.
In 1998, Malta started an ecommerce website but struggled to find product suppliers. After being scammed by numerous Internet middlemen, his frustration led him to develop, through trial-and-error, a thorough research process for finding and verifying genuine wholesale suppliers who would allow their products to be sold on the Internet. Upon publishing a short article series in Web Pro News about his product sourcing experiences and challenges, he received a tremendous amount of feedback from other frustrated online retailers. To meet this market demand, Malta established The Drop Ship Source Directory, which he renamed Worldwide Brands and incorporated in January 2001.
Light Bulk Wholesale.
Malta discovered that using dropshippers allowed many new online retailers to start their ecommerce businesses with very little investment costs. But when they wanted to move into buying volume wholesale to increase their profits, the vast majority of wholesale suppliers required cost-prohibitive minimum orders. Malta began approaching many suppliers to request that they not only allow retailers to offer their products online, but that they also allow those online retailers to buy in small, affordable volumes of $500 or under. This type of small minimum order would allow online retailers an easy transition from using only drop shipping to buying volume wholesale. Malta coined the term 'light bulk wholesale' to describe this kind of low-minimum wholesale buying. Wholesalers who agreed to his request, he referred to as 'light bulk wholesalers'.
Research Process.
To conduct its supplier research, Worldwide Brands chooses new product markets to research and then buys specialized raw contact lists of manufacturers and wholesalers from large lead generation companies like Dunn & Bradstreet and InfoUSA. They also attend wholesale trade shows across the United States and internationally. Company representatives gather thousands of supplier leads at trade shows in New York, Atlanta, Las Vegas, Hong Kong, and Shanghai.
After gathering raw data, the researchers contact every supplier lead and ask a series of questions to determine whether a supplier will be a good fit for the directory. If initial approval is given, the supplier will fill out an extensive questionnaire and answer a secondary set of questions. The researchers will verify the company's background and answers. If final approval is given, the supplier must sign an agreement guaranteeing compliance with all of Worldwide Brands' qualification standards. At this point in the process, the supplier will be added to the online directory.
Products.
Founded as a supplier research company, Worldwide Brands' first product was 'The Drop Ship Source Directory', which listed wholesale suppliers willing to drop ship for home business and Internet merchants. In early 2004, it released a second product: 'The Light Bulk Directory' which listed wholesale suppliers willing to sell to Internet retailers in light bulk quantities. It worked with the eBay developers program to build its third product, 'The Market Research Wizard', in late 2004. This software application employed a proprietary algorithm to analyze Internet product market data in real time.
On January 1, 2007, the company combined 'The Drop Ship Source Directory', 'The Light Bulk Directory', and 'The Market Research Wizard' into one inclusive product, which it temporarily marketed as 'OneSource'. The product content was expanded to include volume wholesalers, as well as liquidation and import lots. Market confusion surrounding the company OneSource, a division of infoGROUP, and the name of the new product led Worldwide Brands to remove the label 'OneSource' from all branding associated with its product in 2008 and to reposition the product as a 'Worldwide Brands Membership'.
In 2008, Worldwide Brands launched a supplementary product, which it labeled 'Worldwide Brands' The Whole Sale'. This product is Internet-based and consists primarily of extensive educational content on the subject of ecommerce product sourcing for home business and includes permanent admittance to an online community of home business and ecommerce sellers.
The company's target market consists of small to medium sized retailers, home businesses, and online merchants who sell on popular ecommerce platforms like Yahoo!, eBay, and Amazon, as well as on independent ecommerce websites.

</doc>
<doc id="19779070" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19779070" title="Crispin S. Gregoire">
Crispin S. Gregoire

Crispin S. Gregoire (born 1956, Commonwealth of Dominica) is the Permanent Representative to the United Nations for the Commonwealth of Dominica. He presented his credentials to Secretary-General Kofi Annan on 1 October 2002.
Career.
Gregoire was Director of Consulting and Training for Africa and Latin America at BoardSource in Washington, D.C. prior to assuming his position at the United Nations. He has worked in many organizations, some of which include Program Consultant for the Ford Foundation in New York City, Program Adviser to TechnoServe, Inc. in Norwalk, Connecticut, Acting Director for the New York City Department of Health, Field Office Director for the Save the Children Federation in Westport, Connecticut, Associate Producer for CBS News in New York, a Program Associate for Appropriate Technology International in Washington, D.C. and an Adjunct Instructor at Brooklyn College in New York.
Education.
Gregoire has a Bachelor of Arts in International Relations degree from Columbia University and a Masters in Education from Howard University. He speaks fluent English and Kweyol, and is efficient in Spanish and French.

</doc>
<doc id="19779078" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19779078" title="Aleksei Arkhipov">
Aleksei Arkhipov

Aleksei Alekseyevich Arkhipov (; born March 24, 1983 in Moscow) is a Russian footballer who currently plays for FC Vityaz Podolsk.

</doc>
<doc id="19779095" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19779095" title="Vaughan King">
Vaughan King

Vaughan King (born 1982) is an English singer-songwriter for punk/blues bands 'NED' and 'Dirt Diggers'. He is currently living in Camden, London.
In late 2007, he formed a band that went by the name of "Vaughan King and his Riff Raff". The band originally consisted of two cellists, a double bass player and the customary instrumentation of drums and guitars. However after turning to a more blues inspired set the band separated. His style was described as "thought-provoking" and "having an interesting and clever array of instruments." In a 2009 blog, Vaughan announced that plans are well under way for the follow-up to "The Triumphant" and hopes to release new material by the end of the year. In 2010 he released an EP entitled 'Ballad Of A Poor Man' which was released with an animated video. In early 2011 it was announced that the band would be known as 'Dirt Diggers' and they would be releasing downloads and demo's throughout the year.
The Triumphant.
Vaughan's debut album "The Triumphant" has been released to critical acclaim with "Kerrang!" magazine awarding it 4 out of 5 and drawing comparisons with "Jeff Buckley". "The Triumphant" was also described as "being one of this years best kept secrets"
whilst "Rock Sound" magazine depict him "as beautiful, deep and dangerous as a frosty river on a moonlit winter's night." "R2 (Rock'n'Reel)" also awarded him 4 out of 5, describing "The Triumphant" as "Perfect and Beautiful...a decadent piece of work."
The first single taken from the album was "The Forgiven And The Forgotten", accompanied by a remix of the song by Bigo & Twigetti and a live video which was shot at the Camden "Barfly (club)" in London, UK.
The second single, "This Empty Landfill", has cover artwork depicting Vaughan King as the legendary Russian mad monk "Grigori Yefimovich Rasputin". The B -Side was a remix of the album track "Two Souls", remixed by the artist HWH. The single received glowing praise, with Subba Cultcha describing it as a "stirring, soulfully constructed mix of "Nick Drake" 's despair and "Damien Rice"'s melodic bite."
The final release from "The Triumphant" was a Double-A Side featuring "Two Souls" and the bonus track "End to End" on 22 June 2009, it coincided with the Deluxe Release of the album on Monday 6 July 2009.
Vaughan also featured and was interviewed on BBC Radio, on "The Steve Scruton show", which is presented by Steve Scruton, on 13 August 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19779130" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19779130" title="Eulalio Ríos Alemán">
Eulalio Ríos Alemán

Eulalio Ríos Alemán (21 January 1935 – ca. 1980) was a Mexican Olympic swimmer.
Family.
He was born to a poor family in a village near Xalapa, Veracruz, and from a young age trained to swim against the current of a brook that passed near his house, in Hueyapan de Ocampo, to the south of Catemaco on the way to Coatzacoalcos.
Early years.
He was already a fast freestyle swimmer with a thudding kick when he went to Xalapa to study law and to be coached in swimming.
In 1956 he learned the butterfly stroke under the guidance of his trainer Antonio Murrieta and watched an exhibition of the (by that time) "new dolphin kick" technique by the experienced swimmer Walter Ocampo, of Mexico City's Centro Deportivo Chapultepec.
He practiced and learned quickly in the cold waters of the rustic pool "La PLaya", near Los Berros park in Xalapa. 
Within a few months he swam successfully in the olympic trials and was ready to compete for Mexico in the 1956 Melbourne Olympic Games.

</doc>
<doc id="19779181" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19779181" title="Bell Peninsula">
Bell Peninsula

The Bell Peninsula (previously known as Bell Island) is located on southeastern Southampton Island, in Kivalliq Region, Nunavut, Canada. It is in close proximity to the small Inuit community of Coral Harbour. The southern shores make up the northern boundary of Hudson Bay. Foxe Basin is to the east. There are several large bays surrounding the peninsula. Bowhead whale frequent the area. The Bell Peninsula's irregular coastline is marked by five distinct points, some of which have notable archaeological sites. Mount Minto, in the north, is the highest peak. The Back Peninsula is on the eastern end of the Bell Peninsula.
History.
The peninsula is named in honor of John Bell, Hudson's Bay Company governor and explorer.
The Dorset culture Sadlermiut lived on the Bell Peninsula and elsewhere on Southampton Island until disease drove them to extinction in 1902. Thereafter, Inuit arrived. The Native Point archaeological site, located on the peninsula's Native Bay is the largest Sadlermiut site on the island.
In 1910, Captain George Comer re-charted Southampton Island and rectified the mistake on previous maps that depicted the peninsula as an island.

</doc>
<doc id="19779183" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19779183" title="Speedy Noriega">
Speedy Noriega

Angel Daniel Noriega (born July 17, 1985), better known by his stage name Speedy Noriega, or simply Speedy, is an Award winning American, Song Writer, Record Producer and Rapper. In February 2007, his track produced with BoZ "Smile Like That" won first place in modernbeats.com beat contest modernbeats.com. The single was initially self-published on the Internet.
Biography.
Early life.
Born Angel Daniel Noriega in Dallas, Texas on July 17, 1985 where he became interested in music. At age 9, he moved to Houston, Texas where he worked odd jobs to buy his first drum machine.
Career.
In May 2004, Noriega posted his compositions on the music-based social community Soundclick.com under the name Fallen Angel Beats. Following positive reviews on the site, Speedy was then contacted by Tupac Shakur producer and DJ "Assassin" and DJ Hackavelli to produce for a in an upcoming Tupac Shakur, CD "The Way He Wanted It Vol 2" At the same time he was sought out by Jive records to produce for platinum rap group UGK. With in months Fallen Angel Beatz he became the most viewed artist on soundclick.com and held the position for various consecutive weeks. In 2005 speedy started posting his beats on soundclick.com under the name Cynikal Productions and became the second most viewed artist under Kane Beatz. In 2006 Speedy produced "Smile Like that" along with Boz which went on to win first place in modernbeats.com first beat contest.
2008 has seen Speedy producing Late Night Call for Soulja Boy Tell 'Em isouljaboytellem CD, Future tracks for BoZ, Donnie Klang and more tracks for The Tupac Shakur album "The Way He Wanted It Vol 4"

</doc>
<doc id="19779195" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19779195" title="Albert Johnson (footballer)">
Albert Johnson (footballer)

Albert Johnson (15 July 1920 – June 2011) was a professional footballer who played as an outside right for Everton, Chesterfield and Witton Albion. He was born in Weaverham, Cheshire.

</doc>
<doc id="19779205" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19779205" title="Stanislav Murygin">
Stanislav Murygin

Stanislav Yuryevich Murygin (; born January 7, 1984 in Moscow) is a Russian footballer currently playing for FC Istra in the Russian Second Division.

</doc>
<doc id="19779207" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19779207" title="Pomacea">
Pomacea

Pomacea is a genus of freshwater snails with gills and an operculum, aquatic gastropod mollusks in the family Ampullariidae. As "Pomacea" (or sometimes incorrectly "Ampullarius") it is commonly sold in the aquarium trade as " mystery snail" in the United States.
Species.
Species in the genus "Pomacea" include:
subgenus "Effusa" Jousseaume, 1889
subgenus "Pomacea" Perry, 1810
subgenus ?
As invasive species.
Because of the potential to destroy aquatic and marsh vegetation in the wild, the European Union has banned all imports of snails from the Ampullariidae family, which includes the Pomacea genus.

</doc>
<doc id="19779221" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19779221" title="James Grimble Groves">
James Grimble Groves

James Grimble Groves (24 October 1854 – 23 June 1914) was a British brewer and Conservative politician.
He was the son of William Peer Groves, of Springbank, Pendleton, near Salford and was educated privately and at Owen's College, Manchester. He became chairman and managing director of Groves and Whitnall Limited, owners of the Regent Road Brewery, Salford.
Groves was the chairman of the Salford Conservative Association, and when the member of parliament for Salford South announced his retirement prior to the 1900 general election, he was selected as the party's candidate. He held the seat for the Conservatives.
In November 1900 a number of arsenic poisonings in the Manchester area were traced to beer from the Groves and Whitnall Brewery, and consequently a large amount of the company's stock had to be destroyed. In 1903, he was appointed a deputy lieutenant of Cheshire.
Groves only served one term in the Commons, losing his seat to Hilaire Belloc in the Liberal landslide at the 1906 general election.
He married in 1878, and made his home at Oldfield Hall, Altrincham, Cheshire. He died in June 1914 aged 59, after a long illness. His son was Robert Marsland Groves, the naval aviation pioneer and senior Royal Air Force commander.

</doc>
<doc id="19779231" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19779231" title="Pomacea canaliculata">
Pomacea canaliculata

Pomacea canaliculata, common name the channeled applesnail, is a species of large freshwater snail with gills and an operculum, an aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Ampullariidae, the apple snails.
South American in origin, this species is considered to be in the top 100 of the "World's Worst Invasive Alien Species".
Shell description.
The shells of these applesnails are globular in shape. Normal coloration typically includes bands of brown, black, and yellowish-tan; color patterns are extremely variable. Albino and gold color variations exist.
The size of the shell is up to 150  mm in length.
Distribution.
The native distribution of "P. canaliculata" is basically tropical and subtropical, including Argentina, Bolivia, Paraguay, Uruguay, and Brazil. The southernmost record for the species is Paso de las Piedras reservoir, south of the Buenos Aires province, Argentina.
Non-indigenous distribution.
This species also occurs in the United States, where the initial introductions were probably from aquarium release, aka "aquarium dumping". The non-indigenous distribution includes: Lake Wawasee in Kosciusko County, Indiana; Langan Park and Three Mile Creek in Mobile, Alabama; a pond bordering the Mobile-Tensaw River Delta in Baldwin County, Alabama; Little Wekiva River, Orlando, Florida; a lake near Jacksonville, Florida; Lake Mirimar in San Diego County, California; and a pond near Yuma, Arizona. Established populations exist in California and Hawaii.
The species has been found in China since 1981. Its initial point of distribution in China was Zhongshan city.
Ecology.
Habitat.
This species lives in freshwater habitats.
Feeding habits.
"Pomacea canaliculata" is extremely polyphagous, feeding on vegetal (primarily macrophytophagous, feeding on floating or submersed higher plants), detrital, and animal matter. Diet may vary with age, with younger smaller individuals feeding on algae and detritus, and older, bigger (15mm and above) individuals later shifting to higher plants.
This species negatively impacts rice and taro agriculture worldwide where it has been introduced.
Life cycle.
In temperate climates, the egg-laying period of this species extends from early spring to early fall. while in tropical areas reproduction is continuous. The duration of the reproductive period of "P. canaliculata" decreases with latitude, to a minimum of six months in the southern limit of its natural distribution.
First direct evidence (of all animals), that proteinase inhibitor from eggs of "Pomacea canaliculata" interacts as trypsin inhibitor with protease of potential predators, has been reported in 2010.
Predators.
The Snail Kite, "Rostrhamus sociabilis", is a predator of this species in South America. The fire ant, "Solenopsis geminata", has also been observed to prey upon this species.
Parasites.
Approximately 1% of the "Pomacea canaliculata" on sale on local markets in Dali City, Yunnan, China were found to be infected with "Angiostrongylus cantonensis" in 2009.
Control.
Crude cyclotide extracts from both Oldenlandia affinis and Viola odorata plants showed molluscicidal activity comparable to the synthetic molluscicide metaldehyde. 
Human use.
This species is edible. In China and Southeast Asia, consumption of raw or undercooked snails of "Pomacea canaliculata" and other snails is the primary route of infection with "Angiostrongylus cantonensis" causing angiostrongyliasis.
In Northeast Thailand, these snails are collected and consumed. They are picked by hand or with a handnet from canals, swamps, ponds and flooded rice paddy fields during the rainy season. During the dry season when these snails are concealed under dried mud, collectors use a spade to scrape the mud in order to find them. The snails are usually collected by women and children. After collection, the snails are cleaned and parboiled. They are then taken out of their shells, cut, and cleaned in salted water. After rinsing with water, they are mixed with roasted rice, dried chili, lime juice, and fish sauce, and then eaten.
References.
This article incorporates public domain text from reference and CC-BY-2.0 text from reference and CC-BY-2.5 text from reference.

</doc>
<doc id="19779245" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19779245" title="Kingsley Cavell">
Kingsley Cavell

Kingsley Cavell is a distinguished professor of inorganic chemistry and head of the school of chemistry at Cardiff University. His research interests include the design and synthesis of novel heterocyclic carbenes, and functionalised derivatives as ligands in transition metal complexes.

</doc>
<doc id="19779289" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19779289" title="Pomacea doliodes">
Pomacea doliodes

Pomacea doliodes is a species of freshwater snail, an aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Ampullariidae, the apple snails.

</doc>
<doc id="19779292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19779292" title="Kijevo, East Sarajevo">
Kijevo, East Sarajevo

Kijevo (Cyrillic: Киjево) is a part of the city of East Sarajevo in Trnovo municipality, City of East Sarajevo, Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina. 
Kijevo is south of Sarajevo on the road M-18 Sarajevo-Trnovo-Foča-Trebinje. 
The closest airport is Sarajevo International Airport, located 9.7 km north west of Kijevo.
The Željeznica river is one of the Kijevo's chief geographic features. It flows through the town and municipality from south through the center of Trnovo, Kijevo and East Sarajevo to west part of Sarajevo City eventually meets up with the Bosna river.

</doc>
<doc id="19779305" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19779305" title="Gaz Métro">
Gaz Métro

Gaz Métro is an energy company in Quebec and one of the largest natural gas distributors in Canada. It owns energy companies in the United States as well.
History.
The company was founded in 1955 as the Corporation de gaz naturel du Québec ("Natural Gas Corporation of Quebec"). Formal operations began in 1957, when the company acquired the gas operations that Hydro-Québec acquired with the 1944 takeover of Montreal Light, Heat & Power, an electric and gas utility. Following its acquisition, the company converted operations from a manufactured gas system to one that distributes natural gas.
The company would become Gaz Métropolitain in 1969.
In 1985, the company expanded its service area with the acquisitions of Gaz Inter-Cité Québec (serving eastern Quebec) and Gaz Provincial du Nord (serving the Abitibi-Témiscamingue region).
The company became a subsidiary of a new company called Noverco, in which the Caisse de dépôt et placement du Québec and Soquip were major investors. Later investors would include GDF Suez and Enbridge.
In 2003, the company shortened its name to its present name, Gaz Métro.
Quebec operations.
In September 2009, the number of employees was 1300. Number of customers in Quebec was some 180,000 customers. Its network in Quebec is nearly .
Vermont operations.
Gaz Métro owns Northern New England Energy Corporation, which in turn owns two utilities serving the US state of Vermont -- Vermont Gas, and Green Mountain Power (GMP).
Vermont Gas is the state's only natural gas utility. It has 42,000 customers in Chittenden and Franklin counties.
According to management, GMP produces - of CO2 annually, for which they are seeking offsets.
In 2008, GMP got 40% of its power from nuclear sources.
Gaz Métro acquired Vermont Gas in 1986 and Green Mountain Power in 2007. On July 12, 2011, Vermont's largest electric utility, Central Vermont Public Service Corp. (CVPS) agreed to be sold to Gaz Métro for $472.4 million. Pending approval by shareholders and regulatory authorities, CVPS operations will be merged with those of GMP making it the largest electric utility in the state with a total of 256,000 customers.

</doc>
<doc id="19779325" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19779325" title="Man Overboard (Do-Re-Mi song)">
Man Overboard (Do-Re-Mi song)

"Man Overboard" is a single by Australian rock/pop group Do-Ré-Mi which was released by Virgin Records in June 1985. The 7" vinyl version has three tracks, which were written by lead vocalist Deborah Conway, drummer Dorland Bray, bass guitarist Helen Carter and guitarist Stephen Philip. "Man Overboard" made its first appearance on the 1982 EP "The Waiting Room" and was re-worked and released as a single in 1985 to become a surprise top 5 hit. It is the first Australian hit to include lyrics referring to anal humour, penis envy and pubic hair; it also had no chorus. The single version was produced and engineered by Gavin McKillop.
Background.
Do-Ré-Mi had formed in Sydney in 1981 when Deborah Conway (lead vocals) and Dorland Bray (drums, percussion, backing vocals), both previously in Melbourne-based group The Benders, joined Helen Carter (bass, backing vocals) ex-Friction. Stephen Philip (guitar), ex-Thought Criminals, was initially a studio musician for their debut EP, "Do-Ré-Mi" which released in August 1982. Phillip was asked to join formally with Do-Ré-Mi. They returned to the studio almost immediately and recorded "The Waiting Room" EP which was released in January 1983. "Man Overboard" had its first appearance on this EP but was later re-worked and released as a single in June 1985 and peaked at #5 on the Australian singles charts. Lyrical content included references to anal humour, penis envy and pubic hair, which was a first for an Australian chart hit. In 2001, Carter recalled the problems Do-Ré-Mi had with their record company over "Man Overboard" for the Australian Broadcasting Corporation TV series "Long Way To The Top".
Tracklisting.
All tracks were written by Deborah Conway, Dorland Bray, Helen Carter and Stephen Philip.
Personnel.
Do-Ré-Mi members
Recording details

</doc>
<doc id="19779351" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19779351" title="USS Chicolar (SS-464)">
USS Chicolar (SS-464)

USS "Chicolar" (SS-464) would have been a , the only ship of the United States Navy to be named for the chicolar.
The name "Chicolar" was assigned to the submarine SS–464, but construction was cancelled on 29 July 1944, before she was laid down.
"Chicolar" was also a fictional submarine in Edward L. Beach, Jr.'s novel "Dust on the Sea"

</doc>
<doc id="19779368" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19779368" title="Pomacea glauca">
Pomacea glauca

Pomacea glauca is a species of freshwater snail, an aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Ampullariidae, the apple snails.
The species varies greatly in color, shape and size, growing to around 70 mm. Its colors include a pale yellow with brown spiral bands to darker shades of brown or purple with darker bands.
Distribution.
The species is found in the Dominican Republic, the Lesser Antilles and northern South America including Venezuela, Colombia, Brazil and on the West Indian island of Dominica.
Ecology.
This snail generally inhabits clean, clear water, where it can reach high population densities. The eggs are bright green and around the size of a small pea.

</doc>
<doc id="19779374" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19779374" title="Pomacea haustrum">
Pomacea haustrum

Pomacea haustrum, common name the titan applesnail, is a species of large freshwater snail with an operculum, an aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Ampullariidae, the applesnails.
Original description.
"Pomacea haustrum" was originally described under the name "Ampullaria haustrum" by Lovell Augustus Reeve in his book "Conchologia Iconica", in 1856.
In Reeve's original text, (the type description) reads as follows:
It is difficult to identify even the general region of the type locality for this species. The type locality was given as the Río Marañón, Brazil, but this river is in Peru, joining with the Rio Ucayali above Iquitos to become the Rio Solimões, which in turn joins with the Rio Negro to become the Amazon River of Brazil. Some of the first Europeans to explore the region in the sixteenth century, however, referred to the Amazon River as El Río Marañón, and some nineteenth century maps refer to the entire Amazon as the Marañón. It is likely that the Río Marañón of one collector was not the same as the Río Marañón of another.
It was considered a synonym of "Pomacea canaliculata" by Thompson (1997) based on shell morphology, but tentatively retained as a separate species by Cowie & Thiengo, because of its reported production of green eggs. Phylogenetic analyses by Rawlings et al. (2007) confirmed its species status.
Shell description.
"Pomacea haustrum" is a large species that has a large globular shell with a channeled suture.
Distribution.
The indigenous distribution of "Pomacea haustrum" is Bolivia, Brazil and Peru in South America.
The nonindigenous distribution includes the United States: Loxahatchee National Wildlife Refuge waters in Palm Beach County, Florida. "Pomacea haustrum" were discovered in the late 1970s in Palm Beach County Florida, and have not spread appreciably in 30 years. This is the only known area where this species is established in the United States. The initial introduction in the United States was probably from aquarium release, aka "aquarium dumping". "Pomacea haustrum" is currently of relatively minor concern in the U.S., given its failure to spread beyond Palm Beach County after 30 years or more in Florida. However, many species have maintained limited distributions, sometimes for decades, before becoming invasive.
Ecology.
Habitat.
This species lives in freshwater rivers.
Life cycle.
Populations of "Pomacea haustrum" in Florida produce bright green egg masses consisting of individual eggs approximately 3–5 mm in size compressed into polygonal shapes, giving the egg mass an irregular honeycombed appearance. Since other "Pomacea" species also produce green eggs, this character is insufficient to verify this species as "Pomacea haustrum". It lays its eggs in clutches above the water level.
References.
This article incorporates a public domain work of the United States Government from the reference and CC-BY-2.0 text from the reference. 

</doc>
<doc id="19779401" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19779401" title="Spartaki-Tskhinvali Tbilisi">
Spartaki-Tskhinvali Tbilisi

Spartaki Tskhinvali is a Georgian football club based in Tskhinvali. They play in the Umaglesi Liga, the top division in Georgian football. 
Spartaki Tskhinvali is the new name for FC Tskhinvali, who withdrew in summer 2006.
In 2005-06 FC Tskhinvali was based in Tengiz Burjanadze Stadium, Gori.

</doc>
<doc id="19779408" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19779408" title="Pomacea urceus">
Pomacea urceus

Pomacea urceus is a species of freshwater gastropod in the family Ampullariidae, native to South America. It is a particularly large species of "Pomacea", some specimens of which have been measured 115 mm in height.
The eggs of "Pomacea urceus" vary in color from pale green to orange. Eggs are placed between the undersurface of the operculum and the aperture of the female when she estivates after the mating season.

</doc>
<doc id="19779422" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19779422" title="Ken Morrison (TV producer)">
Ken Morrison (TV producer)

Ken Morrison (born January 17, 1957) is an American television producer and songwriter. He has produced more than 50 documentaries and television specials . 
Career.
Morrison was the producer of the syndicated show, Front Runners, a weekly half hour magazine show that originally aired on KOMO-TV in Seattle from 1986 to 1995. During its run, Front Runners received several regional Emmy Awards and won first place in the Chicago Film Festival, the New York Film Festival, and the Houston Film Festival. Morrison has won 41 Emmy awards and has been nominated for more than 100. In 1995 he produced an award-winning documentary on The Beatles and their producer, George Martin. For two years, Morrison produced the kid’s TV show "How 'Bout That" hosted by Tim Noah. Morrison and Noah collaborated on 85 songs during the course of the program. 
As a songwriter, Morrison has written songs that have been recorded and/or performed by Carmen Bradford, Tim Noah, Irene and Her Latin Jazz Band, Nikoleta Sekulovic (Spain), and Hattie St. John (Germany). Morrison's song "Lucky Me" (co-written with Mark Reiman) is featured in the film, A Single Man. 
He has appeared in the movies Bustin' Loose(1981) and Life or Something Like It (2002).

</doc>
<doc id="19779487" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19779487" title="Mariusz Pawlak">
Mariusz Pawlak

Career.
Club.
In June 2007, he joined Polonia Warsaw on two-year contract.
International.
Pawlak made one appearance for the Poland national football team.

</doc>
<doc id="19779519" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19779519" title="Back Peninsula">
Back Peninsula

The Back Peninsula (alternate names, Back Island, or Black Island) is a cape located on eastern Bell Peninsula, Southampton Island, in Kivalliq Region, Nunavut, Canada. Its southern shore is part of the northern boundary of Hudson Bay. Foxe Basin is to the north. There are two large bays, Gorden Bay and Junction Bay. Bowhead whale frequent the area. The Bell Peninsula's irregular coastline is marked by Seashore Point and Expectation Point.
History.
The peninsula is named in honor of Arctic explorer, Sir George Back.

</doc>
<doc id="19779560" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19779560" title="Mehrili">
Mehrili

Mehrili may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19779579" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19779579" title="Chicolar">
Chicolar

Chicolar is a fish of the snake mackerel family found in the Mediterranean, the Atlantic and Caribbean.

</doc>
<doc id="19779580" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19779580" title="Tealuxe">
Tealuxe

Tealuxe is a chain of tea houses founded in 1996 by Bruce Fernie and Katherine Walsh. Its original location is in Harvard Square at Zero Brattle Street, Cambridge, Massachusetts.
In 2010 Tealuxe was named one of Yankee Magazine's Best 5 New England Teahouses.
Locations.
Since it originally opened in Harvard Square, Tealuxe opened several locations in the Boston area. After their shop on Newbury Street closed in the summer of 2010, the only other location that is currently open is on Thayer Street in Providence, Rhode Island. Both locations have cafe seating. It has a franchising arrangement, and a web store. In 2000 Bruce & Katherine sold control of the company to a Boston based Venture firm.
Menu.
Tealuxe has a wide variety of teas and tisanes, stocking over 100 teas from around the world in their shops. Tealuxe sells both cups of hot and iced tea, and tea in bulk. They have a wide selection of black, green, flavored green, herbals, decaf, rooibos, oolong, yerba maté and white teas. A customer can order a cup of any tea that the shop carries either to-go or to drink in the cafe. Customers can also order pots of tea served in either a personal or larger pot size to sit and drink. The shop also has specialized tea drinks, such as tea lattes, bubble tea and blended iced tea drinks. There is a selection of baked goods from local bakeries, including vegan pasteries. Tealuxe currently offers toasted crumpets with devon cream and jam. 
Tealuxe also sells tea accessories like tea balls and teapots. It organizes its teas in bins. The customer can request a tea by bin number or by name. Bulk tea is sold by the gram either in a bag or tin.

</doc>
<doc id="19779587" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19779587" title="Raitis Grafs">
Raitis Grafs

Raitis Grafs (born June 12, 1981, Riga, Latvia) is a Latvian professional basketball center. He is a member of the Latvia national basketball team.
More than 20 years ago now in kindergarten, a tall boy named Raitis met a smaller one named Kristaps and they became fast friends. Since then, the two (Raitis Grafs and Kristaps Valters) have grown to be best friends and teammates on the Latvia national basketball team. As a teenager, Grafs was regarded as one of the best prospects in Europe averaging 13.8 points and 10.5 rebounds at the 1998 U18 European Championship. He posted similar numbers (11.9 ppg and11.0 rpg) at the 1999 World Junior Championship during which he was voted a First Team All-Star. At 16 years 5 months, Grafs became the youngest Latvian National Team member. Unfortunately, during four years at Valparaiso University (NCAA), Grafs did not improve his skills much and so far his first three seasons after returning to Europe have been less than impressive. This year, as he returned to his hometown club ASK Riga, he performed well (10.1 ppg and 5.6 rpg in Baltic league). Grafs is not athletic enough to become a star but he can be a solid back-up center and give his team a good 10–15 minutes per game.
He started the 2012-13 season with BC Rakvere Tarvas in Estonia, but was fired due to poor results, though both he and his agent has stated that it was the club, who did not pay wages on time.

</doc>
<doc id="19779603" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19779603" title="Mikoyan-Gurevich MiG-6">
Mikoyan-Gurevich MiG-6

The Mikoyan-Gurevich MiG-6 was a Soviet ground-attack aircraft design of World War II. 
When founding the OKB MiG, Mikoyan-Gurevich used two basic designs from their former employer Polikarpov. One finally developed to the MiG-1. The other was the project 65. They worked on this project to get a so-called "TSch" (Tjaschely Schturmowik) as a competitor model to the Ilyushin Il-2 . Only the paperwork was done. A parallel development was done by Sukhoi, leading to the Sukhoi Su-6. 

</doc>
<doc id="19779628" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19779628" title="Andrei Smirnov">
Andrei Smirnov

Andrei Smirnov may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19779635" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19779635" title="Cuba–Solomon Islands relations">
Cuba–Solomon Islands relations

Relations between Solomon Islands and the Republic of Cuba have only a short history. The two countries moved to establish relations from the 2000s, and particularly from 2007, within the context of Cuba's growing interest in the Pacific Islands region. Like other countries in Oceania, Solomon Islands is a beneficiary of Cuban medical aid; bilateral relations between Havana and Honiara must be viewed within the scope of Cuba's regional policy in Oceania.
In September 2007, it was announced that 40 Cuban doctors would be sent to Solomon Islands. Solomons’ Minister of Foreign Affairs Patterson Oti said that Solomon Islander doctors would "learn from their Cuban colleagues in specialized areas". He added that such relations had been "on the drawing board between Solomon Islands and Cuba since 2000". In addition to providing doctors, Cuba provided scholarships for 50 Solomon Islanders to study medicine in Cuba for free. According to a spokesman for Solomon Islands' Ministry of Health, the Solomons are "desperately in need" of doctors, and hence grateful to Cuba for its "much needed assistance".
In September 2008, Solomons' Foreign Minister William Haomae attended a multilateral Cuba-Pacific summit in Havana, during which participants discussed "strengthening co-operation in health, sports and education". Cuban authorities declared themselves particularly sensitive to Pacific Island countries' struggles in facing the effects of climate change, and confirmed their intention to assist in whatever way they could. 
In April 2011, the Solomon Islands announced they would be opening an embassy in Cuba. In March 2013, Solomon Islands Ambassador Simeon Bouro became the first resident ambassador for any Pacific Island country in Cuba. Bouro assured Cuba that the Solomons would "support for Cuba at the United Nations", and expressed the hope that bilateral cooperation would expand "to include sports, engineering, tourism, and agriculture and disaster management - areas which Cuba had vast experience" which the Solomons could benefit from. At that time, there were 98 Solomon Islanders studying medicine in Cuba, and the Cuban government announced it would provide 104 scholarships for Solomon Islands medical students the following year.

</doc>
<doc id="19779638" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19779638" title="List of 90210 characters">
List of 90210 characters

This is a list of the characters that have appeared on "90210", an American teen drama. The series introduces Annie Wilson (Shenae Grimes) and her adopted brother Dixon (Tristan Wilds), who move from Kansas to Beverly Hills with their father Harry (Rob Estes) and mother Debbie (Lori Loughlin). The family relocated in order to care for Harry's mother Tabitha (Jessica Walter).
Casting.
The first actor to be cast for the TV series was Dustin Milligan on April 1, 2008, followed by AnnaLynne McCord on April 14. Sachs found Milligan to be "really funny", and changed Ethan to better represent his personality. McCord was cast because, according to Sachs, "she's someone who is worldly, and there's a sophistication to her that's interesting." The role of Annie was given to Shenae Grimes, who says she was raised watching the original series. Sachs and Judah had seen Grimes' work before and knew "she had the acting chops", and she was cast after acting a dramatic scene which she "just killed". Sachs stated, "she can act, she's beautiful, and she can give this sweet cuteness lets us see through her eyes into this world."
Lori Loughlin auditioned for the role of Debbie and was given the part immediately. Sachs thought that Loughlin was too established to read for the part, but realized that she understood the role at once. The producers were fans of Jessica Walter after watching her film "Play Misty for Me". Sachs found that Walter knew pieces of scenes and suggested "stuff that works". Sachs described Ryan Eggold, who portrayed Matthews, as "a sophisticated actor, and he's also very funny." Sachs believed that every time Eggold would be on screen, "people are going to go, 'Wow!'". The producers were looking for an actor who could portray Silver as a "quirky kid who moves to her own beat". Sachs explained that Jessica Stroup "came in dressed for the part, artsy and quirky, and she had her hair up and she had a bandana. She nailed it." The producers were fans of Tristan Wilds for his acting on "The Wire", and hoped to hire him as Dixon from the start of casting. When asked about Michael Steger, who portrays Navid, Sachs said that "he's just great". Rob Estes, the last actor to join the series, was a previous cast member of the first "Beverly Hills, 90210" spin-off, "Melrose Place". Estes was sought by The CW to play Harry, but was contracted on the drama "Women's Murder Club". When the series was cancelled, Sachs called Estes and explained the spin-off and motivated him to participate. Sachs promised that although he was playing a parent, he would not "be furniture...as in the seldom seen or heard parents who populate many youth-centric series, like the Walsh parents on the original "90210"."
The CW confirmed that Jennie Garth, Shannen Doherty, Tori Spelling and Joe E. Tata would be returning in recurring roles as their original characters. Sachs was familiar with Garth, and talked to her about a possible role in the series. Garth agreed to star on the series without reading a script after conceptualizing ideas with Sachs. The producers offered Garth a role as a series regular, but she opted to sign on as a recurring character. Doherty decided to appear after talking with Sachs, but her appearance was moved to the second episode. Sachs described Tata's casting as an accident; a friend told Sachs that he had seen Tata in a store, which led to the offer of a recurring role in the series. Sachs said that Tata was ecstatic about the idea and agreed. After reading the script, Spelling expressed interest in returning, and the writers decided to give her character her own fashion line. Spelling was scheduled to appear in the premiere of the series, but due to personal reasons including the birth of her daughter, she opted to appear later in the season.
Main characters.
The following is a list of series regulars from "90210". Some are currently starring or have left the series over the course of the four seasons.
Annie Wilson.
Played by Shenae Grimes, Annie is introduced as an aspiring actress who moves from Wichita, Kansas, to Beverly Hills with her family. She is based in part on Brenda Walsh from the original series. She lives with her parents, Harry and Debbie, her adopted brother Dixon (whom she considers her best friend) and her grandmother Tabitha. She becomes friends with Silver over a Division Day sticker in the episode "We're Not In Kansas Anymore". She struggles to find her place in California and to maintain her sweet nature. She and Ethan had dated after he broke up with Naomi, but concealed it so that Naomi would not find out until they were ready to tell her. She does, however, find out when she sees their intimacy in an empty classroom. Jealous, Naomi uses this in favor to get back at her by kissing Annie's ex-boyfriend from Kansas at Annie's sixteenth birthday party. She also finds out that she shares a half-brother with Naomi from a previous high school relationship between her father Harry and Naomi's mother. She and Ethan later part ways and she gets back in Naomi's good books. In the season finale after prom, Annie is framed when Naomi's sister Jen ends up in bed with Liam. Jen had taken Annie's wrap earlier, to which Naomi finds the wrap and a half-naked Liam in her room, automatically believing Annie had slept with Liam, as she confronts her in front of the entire class. This leads to everyone turning on Annie and abusively shouting at her, resulting in Annie storming out and calling the police on Naomi, and then taking a bottle of vodka when she drives off. In the morning Annie is seen driving with the now half empty bottle of vodka. She takes her eyes off the road and ends up running someone over and driving away out of fear.
In the second season, Annie breaks away from the group and becomes somewhat of a loner due to the secret she is hiding and the resentment Naomi has for her. At the beginning of Season 2, they are all at a beach party when she meets up with Mark, a senior. He gets her drunk and finds a way to get a cabana. Annie is not aware, however, that he had taken a naked photo of her topless. When that photo is sent throughout her school by Naomi, Annie has a resentment against Mark, but then forgives him. She later agrees to a date with him where there is a confrontation between her and Mark. Just as Mark is about to date-rape her, Jasper swoops in to save her from him, who she had previously turned down to hang out with earlier. She falls in love with Jasper, a drug dealer and the nephew of the man she killed. After her estranged friends confront her with news that her boyfriend is a drug dealer, she confronts him about it. He informs her he knows that she killed his uncle, and then blackmails her so they can continue dating. Annie later decides she does not care about Jasper blackmailing her and forgets about it. He continues to threaten her with pictures of the damaged vehicles, but she informs him that if he still wants a chance to be with her, he won't go to the police. As Annie starts to move on, Jasper watches from afar. Jasper calls Annie to tell her that if he can't be with her there is not a reason to live. Annie frantically goes to Jasper's house attempting to find him. She figures out he is at the Hollywood sign and goes to stop him. The two have a brief encounter before Jasper jumps off the sign. Annie visits Jasper in the hospital, where she tells him that their relationship was just based on lies. He tells her that he will always love her, and because of this, he won't tell anyone her secret that she ran over his uncle. Annie leaves the hospital smiling with relief, as she feels a huge weight has just been lifted off her shoulders and she does not need to worry about Jasper any more.
Annie's parents start having marital problems and Annie has no one to talk to because Dixon won't listen to her. She goes to Liam for advice. Annie and Liam become close, hinting at a potential relationship. Jasper shows up at school and forgives Annie. Annie says she forgives him too, but they can't be friends because of what has happened in the past. Annie becomes closer to Liam and they share their family problems. Liam takes Annie out on his boat and she tells him about the hit and run. He encourages her to confess, they hug, and he takes her home. Unaware that Jasper was watching, Liam is attacked by Jasper by him setting fire to his boat, which he has spent a year working on. In the season finale, Annie tells her parents she needs to tell them something, hinting about the hit and run although this isn't shown.
In the third season, it is revealed that she has been sentenced to 2–3 months of house arrest, has her license suspended and is on probation until she turns 25. She is offered an interview for an internship by her Senior Adviser, Mr. Matthews. He advises her to put the accident behind her because she has already paid her dues. However, she decides she can't lie and confesses to the interviewer that she was on house arrest during the summer. She thinks that she won't get the internship but is shocked when the interviewer calls her and offers her the spot. It is then revealed that she has a secret motive and believes that Annie is desperate enough to do it. After she confesses to the interviewer, Liam and her finally kiss but she refuses to pursue a relationship because of Naomi and they end their friendship. She and Liam begin to date with Naomi's approval but soon break up after Liam almost gets her arrested after being caught on a boat that Liam claimed he was attending to for. She then pursues a relationship with Liam's half-brother Charlie whom she met in a coffee shop. She is not aware at the time that he is Liam's half-brother. Liam then moves into the Wilson Household to get closer to Annie. Although she does like him back, she finds out that Charlie and Liam are related after she introduces the two. Furthermore, when Annie tells Liam that she is going to break up with Charlie and take his side, he dismisses her and tells her she was right. Liam then walks off with the girl who paid in the bachelor auction. Annie stays with Charlie but when Liam is injured and moves in with her family, Annie admits that she still has feelings for Liam and they sleep together. The next day Annie feels guilty and asks Liam to let her think. After talking to her cousin Emily about the situation, she tells Liam that she wants to be with him but he turns her down because he and Charlie talked it out. He also tells her to stay with Charlie. Later, after Charlie discovers that something is going on between Annie and Liam, Charlie texts Annie with Liam's phone, saying, "Come see me tomorrow. We belong together". Annie goes to Liam's house where they realize that it was Charlie who sent the text and finally become a couple. Yet, the drama is not over with Annie since her cousin, Emily, is causing havoc for her. Then, Annie and Liam work together to expose Emily for who she really is and she leaves town. Annie later starts to work as an assistant for Marla, a washed-up old actress who suffers from an early stage of alzheimer's disease. Annie quickly bonds with Marla, and the two form a close friendship, which doesn't last long as Marla commits suicide, and leaves her entire estate to Annie. Annie's happiness doesn't last for long as she finds out that Liam doesn't want to go to college and live near her. Liam tells her that he wants to work on a boat for the summer to clear out his mind. Annie who first opposes to Liam's decision, later makes-up with him and tells him to come to her after he finds what he's looking for.
In season 4, when Liam comes back, he walks up to her and puts an engagement ring on the hood of her car. She says no, but Liam is persistent. He proposes again, traditionally, but she still says no. She tells him the reason she said no is because something must have happened while he was away to make him decide to do this. She later finds out that Liam has had a one night stand with a widowed woman named Jane. In the mean time Annie also discovers that she told a man, who turns out to be Marla's grandson, about how Annie knew about the suicide before the incident happened, which creates problems for her in the process to get the inheritance. Annie also meets an Escort named Bree, who tricks her into helping her escort a few foreign men. When Annie discovers that she can get a lot of money from being an escort, she continues on which eventually leads to her relationship with a famous business man named Patrick. When she finds out that Dixon is addicted to ADHD meds, she decides to sleep with Patrick to get money for Dixon's rehab.
Dixon Wilson.
Played by Tristan Wilds since the pilot, Dixon is the adopted son of Harry and Debbie Wilson, who holds a strong bond with his sister Annie. He is based on the part of Brandon Walsh from the main series Beverly Hills, 90210. He soon develops a romantic interest with his sister's friend Silver, and becomes her boyfriend after helping her with the school play. They continue to grow close after spending a lot of time together. In "By Accident", he breaks up with Silver but then reconciles with her in "Help Me, Rhonda", when Silver indicates that she's in love with him. Silver loses her virginity to him on Valentine's Day after a romantic dinner in which he gives her a bracelet. After finding out that Silver got a tattoo of his name, he is uneasy and has second thoughts about her. Their relationship continues to deteriorate as she exhibits strange and unusual behavior, which reaches a climax when she films them having sex without his knowledge and then shows the tape to an entire theater as her English project. Although Dixon breaks up with Silver after this, she continues to act out in an erratic fashion, and Dixon eventually realizes that she is suffering from bipolar disorder, a condition that his birth mother also suffered from. Dixon calms Silver down and they take her to the hospital. Soon, Silver finds it unbearable to go back to West Beverly High and decides to go to St. Claire's School for a better semester. He then helps her re-adjust and get back to her old life. They decide to go to the prom together. Dixon is voted "prom king", and after he rigged the results, Silver is awarded the West Bev. "prom queen". During her speech she admits that she's not prom material, which creates distance between her and Dixon. At the after party he opens up to Ethan that although it hasn't been easy between him and Silver, he loves her. When Dixon realizes Ethan has a crush on Silver, he confronts him about it which forces Ethan to reveal it in front of him and Silver, and it strains their friendship.
In the season 2 premiere, it is revealed he and Silver are not together, but about to reconcile. However, he learns from Teddy that she had been texting Ethan in secret and they shared a kiss, causing him to tell her he's done. He decide' to join the West Bev. surf team along with Teddy, Liam, and later Ivy. When Silver tries to call him to try to get back together with him, he turns her down. They then argue when Silver decides to give him his stuff back. He then begins to date Sasha, an older DJ he meets. Dixon begins to tell her he's older and DJs for a living. When she finds out he was pretending, she dumps him but they later get back together. She then fakes a pregnancy to keep him from leaving her. He eventually finds out. When Silver's mother dies, he realizes that he misses her and wants to get back together with her, but she has feelings for Teddy. When Silver asks him about the girl Teddy was with (who was his sister), Dixon tells her he doesn't know, and she decides she's done with Teddy. He then kisses Silver, hinting a possible reconciliation. After seeing Teddy dancing with and kissing another girl, they kiss again, and he declares that he wants to get back together, but Silver tells him she just wants to be friends, a proposition to which Dixon agrees. He seems to resemble Brandon Walsh from the original series, as he is also hired at the Peach Pit. His best friends are Navid, Liam, Teddy and Ivy. He is currently 17 years old. He and Ivy decide to fake being a real couple because they feel like outsiders. After Naomi and Liam break up, they fake "breaking up" so that Ivy can try to win back Liam, which makes Dixon a little jealous and disappointed, as he developed real feelings for her. After Liam turns Ivy down, Dixon asks her out and they decide to go on a real date realizing they have feelings for each other. Dixon shares with Ivy his family problems, and they begin to grow closer. In the end of Season 2 they plan to go to Australia but Harry tells him he can't because he broke into the school and Harry was covering for his gambling addiction, which Debbie doesn't know about but she later finds out. He and Ivy then get into a fight when she found out Dixon was trying to pay for his own way to Australia when she said she can pay for it. Dixon then hangs out with Silver and they later get drunk and end up kissing in a closet. Later he and Ivy then make up. When Dixon tells Ivy about the kiss with Silver, their relationship is briefly put on hold, but they later reconcile. When Debbie tells Dixon that he can't go to Australia, he sneaks out of the house while Harry and Debbie are arguing.
At the start of season 3, it is revealed that Dixon left Australia early due to his family's problems. When Dixon meets Oscar, an old friend of Ivy's, he is immediately jealous of him, especially when he constantly interrupts his time with Ivy. He gets into a fight with Ivy after she sees a picture on Facebook of Dixon taking shots off another girl's body. They later make up. Dixon then begins to wonder why Ivy never opens up to him about her past, but she shoots him down every time he asks. She decides to trust him and he learns about her rough past with her estranged father. He also learns that Ivy is a virgin, and after a date, they decide to sleep together. Their plans are put on hold after Sasha returns and surprises Dixon by telling him that she was HIV-positive. She warns him to get tested. It is revealed that he is HIV-negative. He breaks up with Ivy before his test results arrive, leading her into Oscar's hands. When he tells Ivy the good news, she is stunned. She later tells Dixon about her and Oscar, and Dixon breaks up with her. Dixon is the first to find out that Teddy is gay after he catches him kissing Ian. When he asks Teddy about it, Teddy tells him to keep it a secret. Dixon saves Ivy's life after an accident while surfing. She then asks him out a few episodes later, but he turns her down, saying he can't be anything more than friends at the moment. Currently Dixon and Navid are running Shirazi Studios while Navid's dad is facing his legal troubles. During their business endeavors Dixon gets to meet Nelly and Snoop Dogg. On the gang's spring break trip to Mexico, Dixon learns of Ivy's marijuana smoking and they have a heart to heart conversation about their past and become friends again. He also encourages Laurel, Ivy's mom, to attend Ivy's wedding to Raj, and Laurel shows up at the wedding later.
In season 4, it is revealed that over the summer Dixon was on a hip-hop tour with one of his favorite DJs. He decides to attend college, but after Navid ruins his chance of getting a dorm on campus by forging his dorm papers and making him check in the girls dorm, he finds himself without a place to stay. Navid then gives him an ad listing for a 2 bedroom condo. Dixon then moves in with a new roommate, Austin. At Naomi's party, he tells Annie that he has decided not to go to college and wants to get into the music business, which she disagrees with. Later, after witnessing Silver harshly turning down Adrianna's apology, he goes over and comforts Ade. The next morning while on the balcony of his new condo, Adrianna walks out with Austin's t-shirt on and tells Dixon she came over because she needed someone to talk to, but ran into Austin. It is hinted that she and Austin slept together, but Austin later tells Dixon they only made out a little and that's it. He then talks to Adrianna and she tells him she has decided to go home, and that the only reason she's been hanging around with Dixon is because he is the only one who doesn't look at her like she's pure evil. She also tells Dixon that she listened and loves the new music he's been working on and encourages him to continue at it. He also tries to help Liam get his money back after he drunkenly buys the bar on the beach, but Liam changes his mind and decides to keep it. Dixon then helps Adrianna get a job at Liam's new bar. When he feels the pressure of trying to make good tracks to impress a famous record producer, Austin, offers his ADHD medication to keep him focus and energized. Although he rejects it at first, Dixon gives in and takes a pill. Adrianna finds out that Dixon is using drugs and insists he goes to rehab, they get close and end up dating. Annie doesn't like the fact they are dating but still gets the money for Dixon's rehab by 'dating' Patrick. Adrianna and Dixon decide to produce a track together, when they are going to festivals to promote the track Dixon is asked by a major record label if he would sign with them, without Adrianna. He does not make an immediate decision however later on leaves to go on tour solo. He loses contact with Adrianna but in the last episode they decide to meet, Adrianna thinks Dixon is not going to show up so she leaves to go join Austin and produce music with him. It is shown that Dixon has been traveling back to meet her but is late; just as she steps on the plane, Dixon's car is involved in a massive car crash with a lorry. The car is turned over and it is not known whether Dixon has survived or not. However, in Season 5 we find out that Dixon did indeed survive but has obviously suffered and is left with a wheelchair, then crutches. At the time of season 5's end he has made a nearly total recovery.
Naomi Clark.
Played by AnnaLynne McCord since the pilot, Naomi is introduced as a privileged student of West Beverly Hills High. She is based in part on Kelly Taylor from the original show. She initially appears to be snobbish and shallow, but throughout the series her character develops. She begins as Ethan's girlfriend, but their relationship soon encounters many problems which eventually cause them to break up for good. She starts to become good friends with Annie, but tells her that Annie can't go out with Ethan if they are going to be friends. Annie's dismissal of this statement leads to a rift in their friendship. Naomi seems to resemble Kelly Taylor from the original series due to her 'in-crowd' status and quarrel with Annie, after Annie dates Ethan, her ex, behind her back (in much the same way that Brenda and Kelly quarreled over Dylan). Naomi's parents divorce because of Naomi's father's infidelity and she continually tries to encourage them to reconcile but eventually gives up. A little later, she starts to like Liam, a bartender at the hotel she has moved to due to the awkward situation created by the divorce of her parents. Before the prom, he tells her that he really likes her, and then tells her some of his deepest secrets. At Naomi's after-party, Jen, her sister, lies to Liam and sleeps with him to get back at Naomi because she found out that she paid for the house and started acting superior (according to Jen). Naomi catches the aftermath (sans Jen) and finds Annie's wrap with Liam, causing her to publicly accuse Annie of sleeping with Liam. She's last shown being comforted by Jen after finding out about Annie and Liam's "betrayal".
In the next season, Liam is constantly trying to find a way to prove to Naomi that he slept with Jen rather than Annie, while Naomi tries to get over him. She ironically relies a lot on Jen. She makes Annie's life miserable for a part of Season 2, as revenge for her mistaken assumptions. She eventually puts these feelings aside and aspires to attend California University after graduating high school. Here, she meets a student who she instantly has a crush on. They date, but Naomi realizes that she still cares about Liam. Naomi later discovers that it was Jen Liam slept with, not Annie. She makes Jen leave her house and gets a therapist to "de-Jen" her life. She gets together with Liam after the Winter Wonderland but finds that when they spend time together it feels awkward. Confused, she asks Adrianna for advice. Adrianna tells her there is only one way to establish whether or not the two have chemistry - sex. She follows Adrianna's advice and realizes that she still does have "the spark" with Liam. However, something is still not right. Naomi asks Ivy for help because Liam is more relaxed around her. Ivy agrees but secretly uses the time she spends with the pair to get closer to Liam and push Naomi away. It doesn't take long for Naomi to notice and realize that Ivy likes Liam. She and Ivy have a fight on the beach over Liam. Ivy insists she is a better match for Liam, causing Naomi to break down and confront him, telling him that they have nothing in common and that she has been pretending to be who she thinks he wants her to be. However, the outburst only makes Liam more happy with Naomi because he feels that she is truly being herself - the girl he fell for. After Liam's stepfather cheats on his wife, Naomi agrees to let Liam move in. Liam then moves out when he breaks up with Naomi after she lies about Mr. Cannon sexually harassing her. However, he gets back with her. In the second season finale, Liam breaks up with Naomi because he thinks she is too self-centered. A distraught Naomi talks to Mr. Cannon but she soon realizes that Mr. Cannon truly did have sexual intentions with her as he kisses her. In response Naomi starts to back off but Mr. Cannon slaps her and tells her, "Who's going to believe you? After all, you're the girl who cried wolf." He then continues to rape her.
In season 3, Naomi deals with being sexually assaulted by Mr. Cannon. She also begins to build a better relationship with her sister, Jen, and falls for her "nerdy" lab partner, Max, after he helps her with a problem. Naomi and Max begin dating, at first secretly in order to avoid criticism from their friends. However, Naomi concludes that the secret nature of their relationship is making her jealous and overly possessive and the two eventually become open about their relationship. At the end of season three, Max gets caught in a cheating scandal and his parents force him to break off his relationship with Naomi. The third season ends with Naomi telling Max that she is pregnant.
Season 4 starts with the pregnancy being a false alarm and a very excited Max Miller expressing the way he feels about the results, which unfortunately leaves Naomi thinking Max doesn't love her and forces them to break up. She then meets Austin Tallridge when buying a new house. Meanwhile she makes an enemy of sorority girl Holly, and they start an ongoing episodic banter of hatred. Naomi gets Holly's mom as her boss later on in the season. Naomi then creates her own business of 'party planning' in which she is in rival with Holly's Mum. Naomi also has an accidental reunion with Max later on in the series when Max returns with his new fiance who asks Naomi to plan their wedding. Naomi confesses to Max that she still has feelings for him but he pretends that he could not remember her saying that. During the day of Max's rehearsal for his marriage Naomi gets an offer from Holly's mum to go and work for her in a different place in America. Naomi is due to leave the next day however Max decides he cannot go through with his marriage and confesses to Naomi that he still loves her just as she realizes she cannot leave him behind again. The two are reunited just as the season ends.
As the show progressed, the media began to refer to Naomi Clark as the series' central figure.
In the season 5 premiere, she elopes with Max, later finding out that Max's business partner does not support the marriage. She finds out why his business partner doesn't like her,in the meantime, he tries to find a way to destroy there marriage. Later, Max's business partner brings in someone from Max's and Naomi's past.
Erin Silver.
Played by Jessica Stroup since the pilot, Erin Silver was originally introduced in "Beverly Hills, 90210". She is commonly called by her last name, and is Kelly Taylor's and David Silver's half-sister. She published her own blog called "The Vicious Circle", which she used to discuss intimate details (truth or fiction) about her peers at West Beverly High School. She becomes best friends with Annie and develops a romantic interest in Dixon, which quickly blossoms into a relationship. It is revealed that Silver shared the information of father's affair with her then-best-friend Naomi. Naomi makes this public knowledge, causing Silver's mother to turn to drinking. She celebrates her half-birthday only because her mother always seems to mess up her real birthday. In "By Accident" Dixon dumps her after taking advice from his mother Debbie, but later in "Help Me, Rhonda", they get back together after Silver says that she loves him. She decides to put together a romantic dinner for Dixon on Valentine's Day, which doesn't go exactly as planned and Silver begins to freak out as she wanted it to be perfect, but Dixon assures her that he's having a good time. He gives her a bracelet, and she loses her virginity to Dixon. Silver has always had a slightly manic personality, but in "Life's a Drag" she becomes more unbalanced. She visits Dixon at the Peach Pit where they end up having sex. Silver secretly tapes it and then shows the tape to an entire theater, causing Dixon to break up with her. She ends up breaking into Ryan Matthews' house, claiming that he destroyed her relationship with Dixon, and threatening him with a bottle of wine unless he fixes everything. Silver then attempts to run away to Kansas, stating repeatedly that going there would help her solve her problems with Dixon. A stranger finds her while she is saying random things and acting erratically. The stranger then calls someone to come get her. Dixon and his mother and father find her on the train tracks. Dixon remembers about his birth mother having bipolar disorder and showing similar symptoms, and realizes that Silver suffers from it also. Dixon calms Silver down and they take her to the hospital. Soon Silver finds it unbearable to go back to West Beverly High and decides to go to St. Claire's School for a better semester. Dixon tries to help her re-adjust and get back to her old life. She and Dixon decide to go to the prom together. After Dixon rigs the results, Silver is awarded the West Bev. "prom queen" at that year's prom, but admits that she's not prom material, which creates distance between her and Dixon. In the season finale, she asks Ethan about her and Dixon. She says they are too different, but she loves him. Ethan assures her that they work and they make a great couple, which Silver is relieved to hear. It is soon mentioned to Silver that Ethan has a crush on her after Dixon confronts him about it. After hearing the news, Silver runs after Ethan to find out if its true. Ethan and Silver share a kiss, and he tells her he wants to be with her. When she tells him they can't, he points out that she ran after him instead of being with Dixon, and she is left confused.
In season 2, she and Dixon decide to get back together, but Teddy, Adrianna's ex boy-friend, finds her phone and finds out that she's been texting Ethan over the summer and he tells Dixon. After finding out, Dixon finds Silver and he tells her its over. While Adrianna and Naomi are comforting her, she tells them she only texted Ethan because she was confused after what happened at prom. But when she found out Ethan was moving away, the answer was easy: when she found out Ethan was staying in Montana with his dad, she was relieved. But when she thought of Dixon moving away, she said she couldn't breathe and she can't live without him. She then tries to win him back. She tries to call him after he makes the West Bev. surf team, but he turns her down, and she breaks down and cries in the parking lot. She decides to let him go and gives him his belongings back. They end up arguing and he tells her he could never be himself when he was with her. When she meets Dixon's new girlfriend Sasha, an older woman who DJs for a living, she becomes jealous. She finds out Dixon is lying to Sasha about who he is, but she just plays along as she still cares for him. When Silver's learns of her mother's cancer, she begins to grow close to Teddy, as he shares with her about his mother's fight with breast cancer, and death. They grow even closer after her mother passes away. She finds out Teddy wants to go out with her and he kisses her in the Winter Wonderland dance, but Silver later sees Teddy with another girl but not knowing it's his sister, Silver thinks Teddy has returned to his playboy ways and allows Dixon to kiss her. She then kisses Dixon again when she spots Teddy dancing and kissing on another girl. Although there were still some feelings there, she and Dixon decide to just be friends. When Silver figures out the girl is his sister, the couple finally get together. Teddy's father goes to see Silver and bribes her to break up with Teddy because he feels his tennis career is being distracted; even though she doesn't take the money, she starts thinking about what his father said so she breaks up with Teddy. In the season finale, she tells him she is sorry and that she loves him and they reconcile.
In season 3, Teddy and Silver break up because he has been drinking and lying about it, which is hard for Silver because of the history with her mother. They briefly reconcile and get back together, only for Teddy to call Ian a "faggot" during a rehearsal for Silver's breast cancer benefit and she effectively dumps him. After their breakup, Silver begins to focus on the Blaze, which starts Mr. Cannon's interest in Silver. Silver is almost drugged by Cannon when she stopped by his house to watch a documentary, but left when she saw that Naomi had said exactly the same phrase that was said by Cannon in the video. With her work in the Blaze, Silver developed a close bond with Navid and helped him with the problems that he had with his father. She even goes undercover as a porn star to help Navid investigate. As she gets to know Navid, she realizes her love for him and slowly, she starts to develop romantic feelings for him when he starts having relationship problems with Adrianna as well. Silver and Navid almost kiss, which is when they start to understand that there is something more between them. In the "Best L'eid Plans", it becomes apparent that Silver indeed does have feelings for Navid when he spends the night in her room talking about his father. When Navid and his current girlfriend, Adrianna, have an argument, Silver seems relieved to hear it and hesitates but agrees when Adrianna asks her for help to fix Adrianna's and Navid's relationship by helping her plan something special. As Silver takes Navid away from the party, he confesses that he has feelings for her, but the moment is interrupted by Adrianna and Silver is left disappointed. In the episode "Holiday Madness", when Navid confronts her in school, before he has a chance to explain what he feels and how he has no feelings for Adrianna anymore, she stops him from saying too much and tells him that it is because they have been spending too much time together and so they should keep their distance. Later on at Adrianna's Christmas party, Silver finds Navid alone and as he apologizes for ruining their friendship for feelings that he "thinks" he has for her, Silver finally admits that she does have feelings for him and he kisses her. Silver gets a text message from Naomi and decided to rescue her at her own apartment. Mr Cannon then holds Silver and Naomi hostage, but they eventually tie him to the chair. Naomi slaps Mr. Cannon and nearly kills him with his knife that he threatened to kill her with. But Naomi breaks down with Silver. They call the police and Mr. Cannon is arrested.
Adrianna finds out about Silver and Navid. When Adrianna pretends to think it was one of Navid's ex-girlfriends, she tells Silver she is going to send a nude picture of her to the entire school. Silver stops her and comes clean that she is the one Navid was cheating with and that they are in a relationship. Adrianna then tells her she knows, and she texts a nude picture of Silver to the entire school. Silver and Adrianna go back and forth playing mean pranks before they appear to reconcile, but Adrianna switches Silver's medication for bipolar disorder. She then begins to behave strangely: she dyes her hair in red, she calls for Christopher several times (the man who she had an interview with for NYU in the afternoon), etc. After receiving some distressing news about NYU, Silver has an emotional breakdown, causing Navid and Dixon to stage an intervention to make her go to a mental hospital. While Silver is in the hospital, Adrianna takes the opportunity to get close to Navid by getting him drunk and telling him that they kissed. When Navid continues to reject her, Adrianna tells Silver that Navid kissed her, effectively breaking them up. Fortunately, Silver finally discovers the truth during Ivy's bachelorette party when her medication falls out of Adrianna's purse. Adrianna is rejected by the group and Navid and Silver reconcile.
In season four, Navid and Silver are completely open about their relationship and they are both happy until Navid fires her for reasons unknown to her with all him telling her that he is protecting her. So they finally break up. Silver then meets a man and they start dating only to find out that he is the dad of 'enemy' Adrianna Tate-Duncans daughter. They end up breaking up after Adrianna picks her daughter up from school and they go and tell him that they are friends. Silver gets tested for the cancer gene in the middle of season four. When Silver finds out that she does have the cancer gene, she goes straight to see Liam, who has gotten closer to her over the past couple of episodes, and the pair end up sleeping together.
Knowing that Silver has the cancer gene heading into the season, her doctor tells her that if she wants to have a baby she has to do it now before it's too late. So, with her getting close to Liam and her having history with Navid, she doesn't know whom to have the baby with. She tells Liam and Navid that she wants to have a baby and they suddenly back out. But, when she realize she still has one good friend to have the baby with her she turns to one of her best guy friends to have the baby with.
Navid Shirazi.
Played by Michael Steger since the pilot, Navid is a student that runs the school newscast and interviews his classmates. He is often compared to David Silver from the original series. He has had feelings for Adrianna since middle school and secretly pays for her rehab. After the truth is revealed, Navid and Adrianna become a couple. He breaks up with her, however, when he finds out that she is pregnant, stating that he doesn't know how to handle the situation. He then starts dating an Iranian girl named Nika, whom he meets at Christina's party. When Adrianna asks him to broadcast her admitting her pregnancy to the whole school, he can't help but admire her incredible strength. Despite taking Nika to the Valentine's Day dance, he leaves her and goes to Adrianna's house where he asks her to be his Valentine, as he realizes that he doesn't care what a mess she is, he just wants her in his life. He asks Adrianna to marry him. They both realize that they can't get married or keep the baby. At prom Navid gets furious with Ty because he didn't help Adrianna during her pregnancy. While Navid and Ty are fighting, Adrianna tells Navid she is in labor. They rush to the hospital. Adrianna gives birth to a baby girl whom the adoptive parents name Maisie. Adrianna breaks up with Navid after she begins to have feelings for Teddy Montgomery and wants to pursue a relationship with him. After Adrianna discovers that Teddy doesn't want a relationship, but only a fling, Adrianna realizes what she has done and tries to get Navid back. However, Navid doesn't want anything to do with her.
Navid witnesses Adrianna buying drugs from Annie's boyfriend, Jasper. Navid tells Annie who tells Jasper. Jasper is not happy and confronts Navid who doesn't take back his story. Later, when Jasper's relationship with Annie's parents begins to suffer because of the rumour, he pushes Navid down a flight of stairs. Navid asks Adrianna to tell that she bought drugs from Jasper. At first she refuses, but then she tells the gang that she will because she believes it's the right thing to do. This seems to bring Navid and Adrianna closer again. He then starts seeing Lila, but breaks up with her because he realizes he still has feelings for Adrianna. He also tries to tell her that he still loves her when she has her first show. Navid sees Adrianna wearing the bracelet he put in her dressing room and asks her where she got it; she tells him Javier, her new boyfriend, gave it to her. He tells her that he couldn't possibly have known the meaning of the charms of the bracelet and that he gave it to her. Navid tells her he loves her and the two get back together.
In season 3, Navid gets closer to Silver. Navid spends the night at Silver's and it soon becomes apparent that Silver and Navid do share romantic feelings for each other. After Navid and Adrianna have an intense argument on how ignorant she has been to her friends, Adrianna enlists Silver to help her make up for the argument by helping her do something nice for Navid. As Silver steals Navid away from the party to help Adrianna with her plan, Navid confesses that he has been having feelings for her. Adrianna interrupts the moment and so Silver is left hanging. In the next episode, "Holiday Madness", Navid reveals that he does not feel the same way he felt before for Adrianna, and that now he has Silver. Silver, afraid of ruining her friendship with Adrianna, tells Navid that she needs space and so they try to keep a distance between each other. All goes well, until Adrianna invites Navid and Silver for her housewarming sleepover, which the others in their group were unable to attend. Things become awkward as Adrianna, Navid and Silver are left to spend time alone together, and a moment occurs between Silver and Navid when they are both unable to sleep as they run into each other in the hallway. Navid tells Silver that he can't stop thinking about her and he asks her if what he feels for her is just all in his head. She says 'yes' but it is obvious that she doesn't mean it as she is unable to look him in the eye. When he steps forward and asks her if she feels the same way, Adrianna interrupts the moment. 
At Adrianna's Hollywood Christmas party, Navid gets fed up with Adrianna's diva attitude and decides to get away from the party to be alone. Silver finds him and as he apologizes for making things awkward with their friendship. Because he has feelings for and she doesn't, she confesses that she feels the same way and they share a kiss.
In the latter part of the season, Silver and Navid become a real couple, hiding their relationship. At the Yoga Retreat they have sex in a tent. Things begin to fall apart, however, when Adrianna reveals that she knows Navid was seeing another girl, and that she wishes to get revenge on the girl. In season three, Navid discovers that his father has knowingly used underage girls in his films, making him a child pornographer. In an outburst in his guidance councilor's office Navid blurts this out, and his councilor sets events in motion, leading to Navid's father's conviction. 
Afterwards, Navid hits upon the idea of using his father's old production studio as an enterprise to redeem his family name and earn some money. Working with Dixon he rents it out for music videos, and his first one with Nelly could be called a qualified success.
In season four things are going well for Navid and he is happy with Silver. His younger sister comes to stay with them, making them have to act as parents before she runs away to live with a tattooist. Things start to go wrong for Navid as his uncle takes over one of his studios, and in order for Navid to tell the police, he must fire Silver to protect her. However, he cannot tell her this and they eventually break up because Silver thinks he is lying again. He goes and lives with Dixon and Austin and eventually Silver and him become good friends again.
Ryan Matthews.
Portrayed by Ryan Eggold in seasons one to three, Ryan Matthews is an English literature teacher at West Beverly High in his mid 20's whose unorthodox teaching style puts him at odds with his fellow teachers and sometimes too close with his students. He was suspended for a brief time when it was discovered that he was having an affair with one of his students, who was actually an undercover cop trying to bring down a drug dealer who was dealing at West Beverly. Once he came back from his suspension, his attitude changed from positive influence to strict enforcer, going as far as kicking Silver out of his class as revenge for what she said about him on her blog. However, he soon takes her back in her class and goes back to his more supportive ways. He has served as a love interest of Kelly Taylor, Kimberly MacIntyre, Jen Clark and Laurel Cooper. He also had a one-night stand with Brenda while Kelly was away visiting Dylan. However, he and Kelly later hook up the night of her friend Donna Martin's store opening. Near the end of season 1, he starts dating Naomi's sister Jen Clark but he breaks it up when he finds out she had sex with one of his students and that she is married. He develops a drinking problem after that. At the end of Season 2 Jen comes back revealing that she is pregnant to her sister Naomi. Naomi finds a paternity test in Jen's bag. The viewer doesn't see anything at first, but it's then revealed that Ryan is the father when Naomi sent balloons saying "Congratulations Daddy". He goes to see Jen and tells her that he wants to help out but she says that she doesn't want a school teacher to take care of her child. He gets so upset that he drinks and drives by the school where he sees Naomi and a teacher in the school (it's later revealed that the teacher rapes Naomi) and hits a large sign by the school. Ryan and Jen's son Jacque/Jack was born in episode 5. He was suspended from West Beverly High in episode seven. When Jen leaves Ryan to care for Jacque alone, he turns to Debbie for help, and the two end up hooking up.
Debbie Wilson.
Played by Lori Loughlin in seasons one to three, Debbie Wilson is the ex-Wife of Harry Wilson and mother of Annie and Dixon Wilson, who works as a fashion photographer. She has a good relationship with her children, but clashes with her ex-mother-in-law Tabitha. She feels her and Harry's positions as the parents are threatened by the fact that they live in Tabitha's house, a feeling which is exasperated when Tabitha contradicts Debbie's wishes in raising her children. Debbie dislikes Tracy Clark, who had a son with Harry 25 years prior to the time of the series' premiere, and who, more recently, kissed Harry. She rushes to the hospital with Harry and Kelly because Adrianna is in labor. Harry sneaks some brownies from the prom party and they share them. Later, it is revealed that they were pot brownies, and they both become intoxicated on them. She sees a connection between Kelly and Harry and is suddenly concerned when she tells Harry. He tells her that it's nothing and it's just because of the pot brownies that makes her paranoid. She tells Kelly with a laugh about how she thinks Kelly has a crush on Harry, but Kelly tries to tell her different with resistance. After a much tension between her and Kelly through season two, they make amends and attend Yoga class together in a bid for Debbie to set Kelly up, but it seems that he's more interested in Debbie, as the scene ends with an awkward silence between Debbie and Kelly. She shares a kiss with her yoga instructor and it begins more problems between her and Harry. She later finds out that Dixon broke into the school as Harry was covering for him. In the season 2 finale, Harry gets fired for covering up for Dixon and Debbie asks Harry if he still loves her. The scene ends with an awkward silence between them as Harry doesn't answer.
Debbie struggles financially through the first episodes of season 3 due to her divorce. Her husband Harry moved out of the house and she is left to live with Annie and Dixon. Debbie is unable to find a job, so as a last resort she becomes Jen Clark's, Naomi's big sister, assistant. Debbie seems to be the only one that is able to control Jen and prevent her from being her usual mean self. Because of her new job, she becomes closer to Ryan Matthews, and the two have a sexual experience. Debbie admits that it would be weird for them to be together, and she decides to go on a date with a man she met on the internet thanks to Annie and Dixon. The date does not go well, and she excuses herself to go to the bathroom after seeing that Ryan is there too. The two start talking and then have sex in the bathroom. They begin to date in secret but one night, Annie's cousin Emily sees them kissing and she tells it to Annie before an audition. In the third season finale, Ryan asks Debbie to move to Paris with him to be close to Jen and their baby.
In the Season 5 premier episode, Debbie makes an appearance when she visits Annie while Dixon is in the hospital following a car accident, and she mentions to Annie that she is still living in Paris and has broken up with Ryan, but still keeps in touch with him and also helps Jen Clark raise her son.
Harry Wilson.
Portrayed by Rob Estes in seasons one and two, Harry Wilson is the son of Tabitha Wilson, Kelly Taylor's old neighbor, and a graduate of West Beverly Hills High. He decides to move back to Beverly Hills, accepting a position as the principal at his old high school. He was revealed in season one to have dated Naomi Clark's mother, Tracy Clark, in high school, and also fathered an illegitimate son with her who was put up for adoption many years ago. During season 2, Harry's marriage with Debbie becomes more strained and unstable due to her jealousy and unpredictability. After season 2 ends, after Harry loses his job and is unable to deal with Debbie's anger or his kids', Annie and Dixon, legal and personal problems, he leaves his family for good.
In season 3, Harry is not seen but it is said that he and Debbie have filed for divorce which is granted quickly. When Dixon and Annie go to visit him at his new house somewhere in Los Angeles, they are surprised to meet his new girlfriend. They leave without seeing him and from there on fall out of touch with Harry.
In season 4, Harry is briefly mentioned in the Thanksgiving episode to be living somewhere in New Mexico at a commune with his new girlfriend, whom he apparently married. From this point onward, Harry is never mentioned again in the series and he no longer keeps in touch with Annie, Dixon or anyone else in his family, and vice versa.
The reason for Harry never being seen again in the series after the second season is that Estes left the series at the end of season 2. He said in a statement regarding his exit, "This is my final season on 90210 and I wish the show, cast and crew nothing but the best. I am looking forward to spending time with my kids and exploring other opportunities."
Ethan Ward.
Played by Dustin Milligan in season one, Ethan is introduced as a lacrosse star and top athlete of West Beverly Hills High. He has a brother who is autistic. He dates Naomi at the beginning of season 1, although the pair break up several times before ending their relationship permanently. He and Dixon are rivals at first, but eventually become friends. Although Ethan is attracted to Annie and kissed her two summers before the start of the show, he does not become her boyfriend until the episode "There Is No Place Like Homecoming." Ethan seems to carry traits of Dylan McKay from the original series since he dated both Annie and Naomi, just like Dylan dated both Kelly and Brenda. In "By Accident" he is involved in a car accident. Ethan's self-absorption is revealed when he does not recognize Rhonda, the girl in the other car, even though they are in the same French class. He befriends Rhonda in an attempt to reform. When he overhears Annie presenting Rhonda's painful story as her own, he becomes angry and spends the Valentine's dance with Rhonda. However, when Rhonda attempts to kiss Ethan, he refuses her and clarifies that he is still going out with Annie. Ethan and Annie finally break up after agreeing that all their relationship has become is a constant fight. Even though Ethan confirms to Annie that he believes that he and Rhonda had a connection, he also says that he is not going to date her, instead taking time for himself. Over the past few episodes, Ethan has been developing a friendship with Liam, which has had a negative influence on his "good-boy image." At the end of the episode "The Dionysian Debacle", Naomi's older sister Jen reveals that Ethan lost his virginity to her and not to Naomi or implying that he dated "her" before dating Naomi, but promises to keep it a secret. In "Zero Tolerance" it is hinted that Ethan may have feelings for Silver. In the season finale Dixon forces Ethan to reveal that he does too, like Silver. They kiss and Ethan points out that Silver ran after him and not Dixon. In season 2 he texts Silver from Montana and said that he didn't regret that kiss. Dixon was told this by new character 'Teddy Montgomery' and Dixon ended things with Silver. In the season 2 episode "To New Beginnings", he sends a text to Silver telling her he decided to stay in Montana with his dad.
Milligan was written out of the series at the end of season one as part of ongoing changes by the new producer.
Tabitha Wilson.
Played by Jessica Walter for the first 13 episodes of the series. Tabitha Wilson is the matriarch of the family and Harry Wilson's mother, is an actress (and alcoholic) around the age of 60, who was very famous during the 1970s. She is the cause of the Wilson family’s departure from Kansas. She doesn't get along too well with Debbie, often clashing about house rules. Tabitha was written off the show as returning to do television and movie work that took her away from Beverly Hills. In season 2, episode 1 "To New Beginnings", it was explained that she is working in Las Vegas. Later in the season, Annie and Dixon go to visit her over Winter Break, though this is not shown on screen.
Critics enjoyed Jessica Walter's dialogue, with one citing it as "one of the main reasons to watch the series."
Adrianna Tate-Duncan.
Portrayed by Jessica Lowndes as a recurring character for the first thirteen episodes of season one and as a main character since the fourteenth episode, Adrianna is a theater student who is Naomi Clark's best friend. She suffers from a serious drug addiction and is under a lot of strain from her mother to further her career. After she overdoses, she receives help for her drug addiction from Navid, who pays for her to go to a renowned rehab center for the best treatment possible. As a result, she starts spending more time with him and they begin a relationship. In the middle of season 1, She finds out she is pregnant and later gives the baby up for adoption.
In season 2, after she feels she has lost everything when she left Navid for Teddy, she relapsed on drugs. Adrianna later recovers and starts her musical career under Ivy's mother, Laurel Cooper. In the season finale, she gets back together with Navid and leaves school to go on tour with Javier. She returns after the summer and gets into a car crash, where Javier is killed. Adrianna steals his book of songs as he had told her that her career was over. She begins recording and releasing Javier's music as her own and gradually becomes selfish and self-centered, causing her to lose Navid. When she finds out Navid has been having an affair with Silver, she seeks revenge and sends a topless picture of her around school and later switches Silver's bipolar medication for placebos, causing her to be shunned from the group. She later realizes she wants to be better person, and vows to do so.
She dates Dixon and he finds her a job at Liam's bar. Soon her and Silver become friends again and forgive each other.
Dixon and Adrianna decides to produce a song. After producing it and sending to producers, they get notes saying that his songs might be better with Adrianna in it. So, they decide to work together on making songs.
Liam Court.
Played by Matt Lanter as a recurring character in season one and a main character since season two, Liam is a rebellious boy who meets Naomi originally when he was the bartender of the hotel where she was staying. He is eventually revealed to be a high school student after Naomi sends a bottle of champagne to his house and his mother finds out he wasn't enrolled at West Beverly. Not long afterwards, Liam takes Naomi to a drag race where he shows a quick temper when another man starts hitting on Naomi, and smashes his car windshield. They have their first kiss at the end of the date in his car. Following complaints about his grades and considerations for military school, Liam's guidance counselor suggests that in addition to bringing up his grades he joins some school activities. This prompts him to invite Naomi to prom. When the guidance counselor tells Liam how glad he is to see him at prom, Naomi begins to question his reasons for inviting her and whether or not he likes her. With Naomi's constant pressuring, he reveals that he does in fact like Naomi. However, he ends up sleeping with her sister, Jen,during the prom night. when Naomi goes to the same room and fins a scarf that looks like one that belongs to Annie, she accuses Annie of sleeping with her boyfriend and Annie gets to Naomi's bad side who in return sends out the sext that mark took of Annie. after getting angry with her over telling his secrets to who he thinks is just a random girl (but is really Naomi's sister). At the end of the season, he is shown being "manhandled" and presumably taken off to military school. Liam, in a sense, is a tougher version of Dylan McKay from the original series.
At the beginning of season 2, he is seen standing behind Naomi demanding she hear him out, because he needs to talk to her. She runs away crying and he never gets the chance to talk to her. In season two he is determined to open Naomi's eyes to see how evil her sister is. With the help of Dixon, Teddy and his new friend with benefits, Ivy, they prove Annie is innocent. After she finds out, she goes to talk to Liam but sees Ivy kissing Liam. Liam and Naomi talk after Ivy texts Naomi. Liam shows Naomi the boat that he is building. He tells her that whenever he is angry, he works on the boat. Then, Naomi decides to give Liam another chance by sharing a kiss. Liam later catches his stepfather kissing another woman and confronts him by punching him. He then leaves home and moves in with Naomi. Liam thinks that Naomi was sexually harassed by Mr. Cannon and confronts him, calling him a piece of garbage. Liam is sent to Mr. Wilson's office and is about to kick Liam out of school unless he tells him why he confronted Mr. Cannon. Liam refuses to talk, believing he would be betraying Naomi. Naomi walks in and gives the reason, that Mr. Cannon sexually harassed her. At a hearing, Naomi feels guilty and tells the truth and Liam moves back in with his mother and stepfather, preferring to be there than with Naomi. He then sees his birth father, who just got out of prison, wanting to reconnect with him. His father wanted Liam to move in with him and run a bait shop together, so Liam steals some coins from his stepfather's coin collection so they would have the money. However, his father later abandons him. Later, he goes to Annie's house to do their homework, but sees how messed up Annie's parents really are. They go out for fresh air, as Annie and Liam have a moment and it seems they were about to kiss. However, she tells him he should go with Naomi. Liam takes her advice and gets back together with Naomi. In "Meet the Parent", Naomi and Liam both start to get distracted as things go on, which Liam tries telling Naomi but keeps being interrupted by her; Naomi keeps telling her side of the story, not paying attention to what Liam is trying to tell her.
Liam tells Naomi that she has no idea what is going on his life, and she agrees that she should pay more attention and she will never ignore him again. Liam calls Naomi and she hangs up on him, claiming she is sick. Tired of his problems being ignored by Naomi, Liam calls Annie to talk. After a while, they become friends and start to develop feelings for each other. Liam likes Annie because, contrarily to Naomi, she listens to what he has to say. And Annie starts to develop feelings for Liam too. Later on, Liam is having dinner with his mother and finds out she's trying to hire another housekeeper, and that she was accused of stealing the coins that Liam took. In need, he turns to Annie for advice, and Naomi and he steadily grow apart. In the season 2 finale Liam breaks up with Naomi then takes Annie on his newly finished boat. After Annie confesses to Liam about her killing Jasper's uncle she decides to tell her parents. As she does this Liam sees that his boat is on fire and spots Jasper, who's on crutches, trying to get away. Seeing this he takes down Jasper and starts to brutally hit him repeatedly as the police arrives.
In the first episode of the third season, Liam develops feelings for Annie, and kisses her. But Annie rejects him after almost getting her into trouble with the police. It is revealed he has a half-brother; Charlie, who Annie begins dating. Liam doesn't like Charlie, but after a heart-to-heart conversation about how they were mistreated during their childhood, they reconcile. Later when Liam is injured and Annie is left to look after him, they kiss after Liam admits he loves her. Although Annie is still in a relationship, she says she couldn't live without him and they sleep together. After Charlie discovers that Annie has true feelings for Liam, he leaves to study abroad in France. Annie and Liam start dating. Afterwards, Annie's cousin Emily moves in for a while at the Wilsons' but Annie doesn't really appreciate it and that's why Emily decides to take over things in Annie's life and then tries to seduce Liam. He realizes she is trying to hurt Annie and works on a plan to expose her.
In the season finale, Liam tells Annie right before graduation that he decided not to attend college. Annie who doesn't understand his choice breaks up with him. At Ivy's bachelorette party, Liam tells Annie that he got a job on a fishing boat and that he is leaving the next day for the whole summer. At the end, while everyone dances at the wedding, she realizes she has been foolish and runs after him. The two reconcile, kiss, and then he leaves.
At the beginning of Season 4, Liam returns from his fishing job and, unexpectedly, asks Annie to marry him; but she refuses. After a second, more lavish proposal, which Annie says 'no' again, Liam gets drunk and ends up buying a beach bar. Details of his summer on the boat are revealed as a woman named Jane arrives, whose husband died whilst on the boat with Liam. Liam begins to develop feelings for Jane. It was later revealed that Jane is pregnant with her husband's child. Her husband is also revealed to be alive. Once Jane finds out, she ends her relationship with Liam.
With the bar having trouble staying afloat, Liam takes a modeling job. It paid thousands of dollars, so he signs with an agency, and he receives another job. As a sign of rebellion he jump starts a race car, and when trying to escape he falls off a fence and breaks his leg.
In the mid-season finale, Liam is hit by a car while riding in his motorcycle. The woman who hit him, introducing herself as Vanessa, decides to say it was a hit and run; she then stays with Liam and they end up dating. Annie soon works out what has happened and tells Liam. He doesn't mind, however, and he and Vanessa they carry on dating. She then transforms the bar totally. At first Liam isn't happy about this intrusion in his personal space, but he then becomes optimistic, and thanks her for taking in it hand. Liam then finds out from Annie that Vanessa is a con artist who paid a girl to pretend to drown so Liam could be noticed in the TV industry. When Liam confronts Vanessa with the suspicions that she is using him for her own advantages, she leaves him, but takes most of his money with her. Vanessa returns at the end of the season and threatens to sue Liam because she had earlier tricked him into signing a contract by making herself as his personal manager and wants him to continues his acting career, so Vanessa can continue to live off Liam's movie salary.
In season 5, Vanessa continues to blackmail Liam as well as instigate herself into her life until after an argument with him, she falls off a balcony at his beachfront house and disappears. Thinking that he killed Vanessa, Liam tries to keep the incident a secret until he begins receiving annymmous letters from an extortionist threatening to reveal his crime. Liam is later approached by a woman named Ashley who offers to be his personal bodyguard, but Liam was unaware that Ashley is an obsessed fan of his who ends up kidnapping and holding hostage in the basement of the Offshore bar. With Liam missing, Annie meets and teams up with Vanessa, whom was Liam's stalker all along, to look for him and attempting to stop Ashley, she shoots Annie. When Annie later recovers, Liam finds old feelings for her returning.
In the final episode of the series, Liam proposes to Annie telling her that he always loved her and that he won't take 'no' for an answer this time and the two became engaged happily, Naomi sent the happy couple picture of Liam and Annie and sent it to all their friends which we see each character surprised and excited for Liam and Annie, at the end we see Liam and Annie hug as he picks her up.
Ivy Sullivan.
Played by Gillian Zinser in a recurring role in seasons two and five and a starring role in season three and four, Ivy Sullivan is a blonde tomboy surfer chick, student at West Beverly Hills High School and lives in a large house at Topanga Canyon. She is very sensitive and hates being underestimated. When she first met Liam, the two got in a fight when they have a car accident. They later reconcile at a Halloween Party and start to be friends. She starts to develop feelings for him, but she is desperate when he only sees a good friend in her and will tries to catch his attention. Teddy sees that she has a crush on Liam but she will not admit it. After a party, at Liam's basement, the two kiss and start a discreet love story of Ivy helping him overcome his nemesis, Jen Clark. Liam eventually asks her to a dance, but it soon becomes apparent that has his eyes set on fellow student Naomi Clark. Ivy then decides it is best for her and Liam to merely be friends, assisting him in his pursuit of Naomi by texting her to go and see Liam. She is devastated after losing the man she loved. Later, Naomi and Ivy try to form a friendly relationship of their own which proves difficult when they don't share the same interests at all. The two girls get in a fight on the beach and start to hate each other. After losing Liam for good, Ivy is comforted by her hippie mother Laurel Cooper, a music producer. Later, she starts fake dating with Dixon, as the two feel left out, they kiss to prove to Naomi that they are really dating. Dixon develops some feelings for Ivy but she wants to break up as she thinks she still has a chance with Liam. Later Liam tells her that he and she will never be together again. Later in the episode, Ivy decides to give Dixon a shot and go on a real date with him. Now that Ivy knows that she and Liam will never be, she is able to move on. With Dixon's gambling issues their first date is catastrophic and Ivy begins to ask herself if Dixon is really the guy for her. Their relationship recovers when Dixon is invited to Australia in the episode before the season finale.
In season 3, Ivy returns from Australia with an old friend, Oscar, who Dixon becomes immediately jealous of. Dixon asks Ivy why she never opens up to him, when he tells her about his family problems and his past. She decides to trust him and tells him about her estranged father. She also tells him that she is a virgin. After a romantic date, she decides to lose her virginity to him, but their plans are put on hold when Sasha returns with bad news for Dixon. He learns that she is HIV positive and he might have it. He decides to push Ivy away and he breaks up with her. After being dumped by Dixon in episode 5, feeling hurt and confused, she loses her virginity to Oscar. Finding out he doesn't have HIV, Dixon tells Ivy the news, and she is shocked. She receives more shocking news when she finds out Oscar was also sleeping with her mother Laurel, and that it was all a plan to get back at them for ruining his family. Dixon then discovers that Ivy slept with Oscar as he dumps her again. Oscar then tries to go out with Naomi but Naomi and Ivy make a plan to put Oscar on total embarrassment in front of everyone at a party by stealing his clothes when he went skinny dipping. Naomi (along with the rest of the girls) and Ivy become really good friends from this point on. Ivy then gets into an accident while surfing and Dixon saves her life. She asks him out, but he turns her down, saying he is still hurt after finding out about her and Oscar. She begins to smoke marijuana, as it helps her calm down. She then befriends a boy named Raj, whom she met at a store. They hang out, as they have many similarities (as in smoking pot and skateboarding). When Raj learns that Ivy has been blowing off school to hang out with him, he tells her he doesn't want to be a bad influence on her and shares that he has cancer and has four years at the most to live. He also tells her that he smokes the pot to help him with the pain from his chemotherapy. The news shocks Ivy, and becomes an eye opener for her. At the end of season three, Ivy marries Raj shortly after her graduation from high school.
In season 4, Raj finds out that the treatment didn't work and decides to end things. He tells Ivy the only reason they got married was because he was dying, and that they can't be together anymore. He does not tell her that the cancer and leukemia is still there though.
After recovering from Raj leaving her, Ivy runs into a boy named Diego as she's handing out flyers for her art show. When she tells Diego about the art show, she later finds out that he vandalizes the studio where her art was. She gets mad at him, but eventually Diego shows her the injustice in art and gets her interested. Diego and Ivy go out and post street art and eventually they become a couple. Sometime later, when Dixon is leaving the hospital in "The Heart Will Go On", Dixon discovers that Raj was rushed to the Emergency Room because of his cancer and he was under the label DNR. Dixon tells Ivy and she visits him in the hospital. Ivy at first gets mad at Raj but in the end they act like a married couple. When Ivy steps out of the hospital room, Raj is in to get him a glass of water, she comes back to discover he has passed. The next episode, "Blue Ivy", Ivy goes to the funeral for Raj. Navid comes back from Princeton to go to the funeral as well. Raj's mother offers Ivy Raj's ashes and at first she doesn't accept them. Ivy talks to Caleb and he tells her about a mourning event he experienced in Ireland, and she decides to have one on the beach. After everyone around the campfire says all the great things about Raj, Ivy breaks down crying about the negative things Raj did to her and that she deserved more. Her friends console her, and in the end of the episode, Ivy becomes suicidal and she is seen going into the dangerous ocean late at night. Ivy's last words before going in is, "nothing lasts forever"
When Caleb learns that Ivy is on a suicidal decline and indifferent to life, he has the state forcibly commit her to a psychiatric hospital where she soon runs away with a little of Diego's help. Diego persuades Ivy to express herself by spray painting graffiti as an outlet for her feelings as he does. They soon get caught by the police where Diego tells Ivy that he is an illegal immigrant and he goes on the run. After pulling herself together, Ivy tracks down the fugitive Diego and offers to help him stay in the country, but when her plan fails and Diego gets deported back to Mexico, Ivy decides to leave everything and everyone she knows behind and join him. In the final episode of Season 4, Ivy is last seen at an airport buying a one-way ticket to Mexico City to presumably join Diego and start a new life with him in Mexico.
Teddy Montgomery.
Played by Trevor Donovan in a recurring role in seasons two and four and a series regular in season 3, Teddy is a tennis player and son of famous actor Spence Montgomery. He is introduced to the series as a womanizer, who causes Navid and Adrianna to break up early in season 2. Teddy later integrates with the group and forms a friendship and later relationship with Silver, as they both their similar stories of how their mothers have died, despite her originally disliking him. Teddy could be compared to Steve Sanders from the original 1990s series Beverly Hills, 90210. They both have very famous wealthy parents and have trouble dealing with that fact, along with both being womanizers who are full of themselves
He originally moved back to Beverly Hills from prep school on the east coast as he said that he had taken the fall for his roommates actions. In season 3, he reveals that he really left as he began to develop feelings for his roommate, Tripp. In season 3, Teddy struggles as he begins to realize he's gay, after failing to perform with women and a drunken one-night stand with Ian. At first he intimidates and persecutes Ian for knowing his secret, but soon they begin to secretly date, and Teddy even comes out to his friends after a blackmailer threatens to expose their relationship. He then finds out it was Ian who was blackmailing him to force him out of the closet, as the two then break up. On a trip to Mexico, Teddy bumps into Tripp, his old roommate from boarding school and, after revealing he is gay as well, the two then have a one night stand. When Teddy discovers that Tripp is still a player, and in an open relationship, Teddy realizes that he wants to enter into a serious relationship, and begins dating Marco. By the time of prom, he and Marco are an established couple, and after Teddy wins prom king he dances with Marco in front of his peers.
By season 4, Teddy's role was reduced, as Trevor Donovan had been downgraded to recurring status. He and Marco have broken up. Teddy has an on-off relationship with a fling he met on vacation, Shane, but they clash over their differing political beliefs. Silver and Teddy's close bond is tested when Silver inadvertently reveals his homosexuality to his family, jeopardizing his conservative uncle's political campaign. After being snubbed by his family, Teddy makes peace with Silver and moves to Washington D.C. with Shane. He returns in the season 4 finale as Silver asks him to be the father of her child.
Recurring characters.
The following is a list of characters that are, or at one time were, a recurring guest over the three seasons of the series. They are listed in the order that they first appeared on the show.
Kelly Taylor.
Portrayed by Jennie Garth for most of season one and five episodes in season two. Kelly became a guidance counselor at West Beverly Hills High after earning a master's degree in Psychology. Along with Dylan McKay, she is the parent of a four-year-old son named Sammy, and has a romantic interest in Ryan Matthews. She falls out with Brenda after finding out she slept with Ryan but the two later make peace. She raises Sammy alone and feels it's her duty to look after her half-sister Erin Silver after their mother died of breast cancer.
Tracy Clark.
Portrayed by Christina Moore during season one, Tracy Clark is a brash and vivacious woman from upper-class society. She is the mother of Naomi Clark and another daughter named Jen, both of whom she had with her wealthy husband Charles. At the beginning of the series, Tracy also claimed to a have son who she'd given up for adoption during her younger years. In revealing this, she also told her ex-boyfriend Harry Wilson that he was the father. This prompted him to investigate further.
A shaken Naomi later told Tracy that she'd seen Charles kissing another woman. To Naomi's surprise, Tracy identified the woman as Gail. She then explained that the affair had been going on for two years, but only on an occasional basis. Not wanting to separate the family or lose her life of luxury, Tracy had chosen to tolerate Charles's unfaithful ways. However, Naomi soon learns that Charles intended to move Gail into the family's beach house, and reveals this to her mother. Upon realizing that Charles's interest in Gail was greater than she'd thought, Tracy begins to have a change of heart regarding the matter. She soon reveals to Naomi that she and Charles are divorcing. Afterwards, she takes Naomi in her arms and openly stated that she loves her.
Sean Cavanaugh, a young man who claims to be Tracy's son with Harry, soon arrives in Beverly Hills and introduces himself to the Clarks and the Wilsons, staying with the latter family while in town. Harry's daughter Annie and his wife Debbie eventually begin growing suspicious of Sean's identity, particularly when Annie overhears one of his phone calls. Sean then claims that he was being harassed by men who wanted him to pay his adopted father's gambling debt, and that going to the authorities for help would be risky. When Harry and Tracy offers to give Sean the money, Debbie and Annie confronts Harry and requested a paternity test. Sean agrees, but suddenly leaves town the next morning without telling anyone. It is also revealed that he'd received a degree of money from the Clark family. This led the Wilsons, Naomi, and a reluctant Tracy to conclude that Sean was not who he claimed to be, but someone who'd intended to scam them. It is later revealed that the real name of Harry and Tracy's son is named Mark Holland.
Charles Clark.
Charles Clark, portrayed by James Patrick Stuart in the first season, is Naomi's uptight, businessman father, who spoils his daughter and gets her whatever she wants. He is spotted having an affair by Naomi. When she confronts her mother she discovers she already knew and has known for a long time. He and his wife decide to get divorced, so he can be with Gail, much to the disappointment of Naomi and is once again spotted having affair with his realtor. When Jen returned from France she told Naomi that their father had agreed to hand over control of Naomi's finances to her.
Brenda Walsh.
Played by Shannen Doherty in season one, Brenda returns to Beverly Hills to star in a play and takes the opportunity to spend time with Kelly after gaining success as a theater actress and stage director in London. She subsequently agrees to direct a high school musical at West Beverly Hills High when the original director is no longer available. Her relationship with Kelly along with both women's lingering feelings for Dylan have become focal points for the two best friends. Brenda then finds out that she can never become pregnant. She tries to hide this fact from Kelly by trying to push her away. It is later known that she slept with Ryan. She finally tells Kelly this when she finds out that Adrianna is pregnant. In the season finale, Brenda returns and offers her support to Adrianna who is having a baby. Meanwhile, the viewer discovers Brenda had adopted a baby girl from China. Shannen Doherty has revealed in an interview that plans for her character's return have been scrapped.
Ty Collins.
Ty Collins, portrayed by Adam Gregory during season one, is introduced as a rich and popular student at West Beverly Hills High School. He exudes a cool self-confidence, and occasional cockiness, while displaying a generally suave and friendly demeanor. Ty has a fondness for acting, and often performs in school plays. Ty met Annie Wilson shortly after she became a new student at West Beverly, and the two soon began dating. Later, Annie became the understudy for a troubled actress named Adrianna, who also had a personal history with Ty. Out of spite, Adrianna tricks Annie into thinking that Ty had been unfaithful, prompting the couple's break-up. When Adrianna was eventually compelled to reveal the truth, Annie apologizes to Ty for assuming the worst of him. He accepts, and was open to still being friends. Ty and Adrianna later win lead roles in the new school play. Shortly beforehand, Adrianna discovers that she is pregnant, and that Ty was the father. She soon revealed this to Ty, who, upon recovering from the shock, offered her support and companionship. However, their relationship becomes rocky when his parents grow too controlling for Adrianna's taste. It is revealed that the Collins family wanted to send Adrianna out of the country to give birth, with plans to then put the baby up for adoption. She additionally comes to resent Ty's willingness to go along with this for the sake of his reputation. These matters promps a greater amount of distance between the two, though they remain on civil terms.
At the West Beverly Prom, Adrianna's water breaks. After being checked into the hospital, she gives birth to a daughter. Ty then signs a form consenting to an adoption, and forged a truce with Navid Shirazi, Adrianna's boyfriend, commending him for his commitment.
Jackie Taylor.
Jackie Taylor is portrayed by Ann Gillespie during the first and second season. She was the mother of Kelly Taylor and Erin Silver. She was separated from Mel Silver and had relapsed into drinking again. Early on in the first season, Kelly Taylor comes and takes Silver into her care instead. In the second season, she makes a return. She had become sober, revealing to her daughters that she was suffering from breast cancer. After receiving the news, Silver decided to move back in with her to look after her in her final three months she had to live. Kelly however refused to 'fall back into her traps' and would not see her again. In episode nine, Jackie throws a half-birthday party for Silver, and although Jackie says she doesn't expect it to make up for her mistakes, Silver says it does. At the end of the episode, Jackie suffers from a heart attack, and is taken to hospital. Although Silver visits her, knowing she was due to die at any time, Kelly will not, but drives Silver to the hospital. However, when she goes to the hospital to pick Silver up she finds the room Jackie was in is empty and realizes she has made a mistake which she will regret. It turns out that Jackie was actually just moved and Jackie makes her apology and Kelly forgives her, before Jackie passes away towards the end of episode ten.
Constance Tate-Duncan.
Constance Tate-Duncan, played by Maeve Quinlan in seasons one to three, is Adrianna's overbearing mother and a former actress, whose constant pressure has driven her daughter to drugs. She also has serious financial problems and depends on Adrianna to bring in money from acting gigs.
Omar Shirazi.
Played by Shaun Duke in seasons one to three, Omar Shirazi is Navid's father and a pornographic movie producer. In season three he is exposed to have knowingly hired underage actors to star in his films.
Atoosa Shirazi.
Atoosa Shirazi, Navid's mother, is played by Fabiana Udenio in seasons one to three. She is seemingly unaware of her husband's illegal activity and is proud of her son in season three when he brings in honest money after his father left for Iran.
Dana Bowen.
Portrayed by April Parker-Jones in one episode in season one and three episodes in season two, Dana Bowen is Dixon's birth mother. Annie met her in season one when Dixon was too nervous to get out of the car. In season one episode episode 18, Dixon reveals that his birth mom has bipolar when he sees the same symptoms with his then girlfriend Silver. Later on, in episode 19, Dixon and Annie road trip to see Dana. Dixon felt bad because he said he wanted to leave her when he was a child and had extreme guilt because of it and felt like it was his fault; but when Annie was talking to her, Dana reveals it was not Dixon's decision and it was for the best.
In season two she returns and begins to reconnect with Dixon.
Jen Clark.
Jennifer "Jen" Clark, played by Sara Foster since season one, is Naomi's older sister who has been away for most of the series. Her existence was brought up in the pilot episode, when Naomi tries to convince her mother that "She's as smart as Jen." In other episodes, Naomi reveals that they are not on speaking terms. Jen comes back to Beverly Hills in the episode "The Dionsyian Debacle". It is revealed later in the episode that she took Ethan's virginity. The viewer find outs that Jen is a student at Yale University and studies art history in Paris and lived in Nice for a while. She gets romantically involved with Ryan Matthews and skirmishes with Kelly Taylor, who claims that Jen stole a paper from another girl in high school in order to become the valedictorian of her graduating class. Jen appears to be broke, as she states to Ryan that she blew through a million dollars in 2 months, and also by the fact that she maxed out Naomi's credit card. In "Zero Tolerance," Jen gets a phone call from who is known to be her husband Olivier, who Jen wants a divorce from. In the same episode, Jen confronts Kelly about her sending a recommendation letter in which she characterized Jen as a narcissist with no moral compass. Kelly then warns Ryan about Jen's devious personality by telling him that Jen is a "compulsive liar, and practically a sociopath." Ryan however pays no attention to this, and generalizes the statement as jealousy from Kelly's part. In the season 1 finale, she tricks Liam into thinking that she is Naomi's neighbor and sleeps with him. In season 2, Jen continues to manipulate Naomi into giving her more money, and she begins a relationship with Matthews. In reality, however, she has no real interest in Matthews. Rather, she merely uses him to convince other rich men that she is not a gold digger. However, the truth about her night with Liam is revealed to Naomi and she loses everything, including Ryan and Naomi. She later returns to Beverly Hills, and tells Naomi that she's the new owner of the Beverly Hills Beach Club. It is revealed that Jen is six years older than Naomi. In episode 21 of season 2, she shows Naomi her pregnant belly and says "You're going to be an auntie." Matthews is the biological father, but Jen tells him that she does not need his support. She is eventually put on bedrest by her physician and must rely on Matthews after her personal assistant quits due to her unreasonable demands. She grows softer after giving birth to a boy she names "Jacques" though she is shown to be inept at childcare. Ryan moves in with her to help care for the child, but one night finds the house deserted and a note from Jen saying she has left since she is a bad mother. Although manipulative and cunning, she is shown to be very intelligent, having knowledge of Aristophanes and his works. In addition, she is shown to have an interest in reading.
Mark Driscott.
Mark Driscott, played by Blake Hood in season two, is an evil-senior-jock and bully at West Beverly High. He meets Annie at the Beach Club gets her drunk and invites her to a cabaña (that Navid had decorated to have sex with Adrianna). After Navid's plan failed, both Mark and Annie take over and start making out. Mark manages to take a naked photo of Annie with his cellphone, so he could show his friends that he hooked up with "the Principal's little girl." After the sext debacle, a visibly ashamed Mark tries to make amends with Annie, but she keeps brushing him off. He then tells her that Jasper is a drug dealer, but his credibility is lost when he tries to date-rape Annie and Jasper saves her. Mark disappears for a while, and weeks later comes back to play poker at the school's clandestine gambling club and ends up winning, causing Dixon to owe him enormous amounts of money. Mark then tells Dixon that instead, he will forgive about the money if he gives him the school's key. A naive Dixon opens the school at night to find out that Mark and his friends wanted to steal the SAT tests. After discovering such tests were not there, they vandalize the school making Dixon solely responsible. Dixon tells Mark about how his father (the Principal) covered up for him and is not pressing charges. Mark then tells Dixon that the Principal's lack of ethics will come in handy someday. In the Season 2 Finale, Harry Wilson tells Mark that he has to take a test again or he will fail for the year. Mark brings up the fact he covered for Dixon, which makes Harry confess his mistake and ends up getting fired.
Gia Mannetti.
Gia Mannetti, portrayed by Rumer Willis during season two, is Adrianna's love interest who works on the Blaze but then ends up just making Adrianna love Navid more. She is in a relationship with a girl named Alexa but they break up. Gia feels embarrassed when her ex-girlfriend showed up with another girl, so Adrianna kissed her to make her feel better. However, Gia begins developing feelings for Adrianna. She announces that she has feelings for her in a bathroom, making Adrianna uncomfortable. Adrianna then realizes that she, too, has feelings for Gia and began a relationship. Adrianna was embarrassed to be seen with Gia in a romantic way, until she kisses her on stage after a 'Glorious Steinems' performance. The romance is short lived, though, when after a fight, Adrianna walks in on Gia and Alexa after having just slept together. Adrianna then gets back together with Navid.
Colleen Sarkossian.
Liam's mother Colleen is portrayed by Sarah Danielle Madison during the second and fourth season. Although her husband has cheated on her, she stays with him and lets him kick Liam out of the house. She later appears on Thanksgiving, to reconcile with Liam, who is surprised to see her. After she promises to stay in Liam's life as she has now 'separated' from Liam's stepfather, she joins Liam for Thanksgiving dinner, only to reveal later that she is still with Liam's step-dad and she was only using Liam, who is now a rich model, for financial assistance. Angry and frustrated, he asks his mom to leave his Thanksgiving dinner.
Sasha.
Sasha is played by Mekia Cox during season two and one episode in season three. She is a professional DJ who meets Dixon at a pizza restaurant. The two hit if off until he finds out she is 25 years old, and keeps lying to her until she finds out the truth and breaks up with him. He tries to win her back and succeeds, to then discover their relationship will never work because of the age difference. Sasha, scared that Dixon will leave her, fakes a pregnancy, which is uncovered by Debbie Wilson. She is possibly set to reprise her role at the start of season three. She returned in the Season 3 episode "The Bachelors" making desperate attempts to talk to Dixon including by unsuccessfully attempting to outbid Ivy at the Bachelor auction. She finally gets to talk to him and tells him that she is HIV positive.
Jasper Herman.
Jasper Herman, portrayed by Zachary Ray Sherman during the second season, is a West Beverly student, who is the nephew of the man that Annie hit with her car. He is also a drug dealer and the one from whom Adrianna gets her drugs in season two. Annie, feeling guilty for having killed his uncle, becomes friends with Jasper. Both being outsiders, he and Annie become closer and eventually start a relationship. Annie also loses her virginity to him. Due to Navid's allegations that he is a drug dealer, Annie's parents forbid her from seeing him, though she doesn't obey. It is eventually revealed that he knew Annie hit his uncle with her car all along. Later on in season two, he is seen pressuring Annie into staying with him and claims that they are 'soulmates'. Annie, however, does not wish for the relationship to continue, but is continually blackmailed by Jasper, who has photographic evidence of her hit and run incident. He then tries to commit suicide because he couldn't live without Annie. He survives, and promises to keep Annie's secret. He later returned in “Javianna” to explain to Annie that he's been an outcast until he met Annie and he didn't expect to fall in love with her, which he did. Annie forgave him and rejected his offer to be friends. He is last seen being punched by Liam in the season two finale when he presumably sets fire to the sailboat Liam had been working on all year. Annie sees him at the West Beverly High alumni event in the100th episode and says that he wants to apologize to Liam for what happened between the three of them, two years ago.
Laurel Cooper.
Played by Kelly Lynch in seasons two and three, Laurel Cooper is an outrageously rich music producer who has a whirlwind romance with Mr. Matthews. She has quite a history under her belt, as evidenced by her colorful stories about various rock stars and celebrities. There is, of course, more to Laurel than at first appears. She is also Ivy's mother. She has signed Adrianna for her music career. She is also in an open relationship with her daughter Ivy's childhood friend, Oscar, although he has feelings for Ivy as well.
Miles Cannon.
Played by Hal Ozsan during seasons two and three, Douglas Atherton, joined the cast as the new faculty adviser for The Blaze, under the alias of Miles Cannon. Naomi falsely accuses him of sexual harassment after he fires her from the newspaper, but tells the truth eventually. However, in the season finale, he rapes Naomi telling her, "Who's going to believe you? You're the girl who cried wolf." He then hints that the next girl he is going for is Silver. He steals her scarf and constantly looks upon her as more than a pupil. Cannon thinks his stature as a teacher will protect him and that he will easily defeat Naomi's efforts to seek justice, even goading her by saying her trust fund will soon be his, but it is Cannon, however, who engineers his own defeat. Following Naomi's involvement of the police, Cannon is suspended and is walking out to his car with a box containing his personal effects, inside which is a sports drink bottle with a Chelsea F.C. logo on it which falls out. The bottle is intercepted by Oscar, who has an ability to identify an English accent to a certain area of the island. Oscar spots Cannon's accent as being from Dagenham. Cannon is quick to silence Oscar but Oscar insists Cannon is from Dagenham. Later in the day, Oscar meets with Naomi to ask her out for a date a second time, earlier that day, Naomi rebuffed Oscar telling him his accent is a turn-off, Oscar senses Naomi is under stress and offers to help. Together they work to uncover Cannon's history. They go on the internet and try to learn about his life in England, but turn up nothing. Oscar asks what the reason for the search is and Naomi has Oscar punch in the words teacher, sex offender, Dagenham. The search now turns up news stories of a teacher wanted in England for sex crimes. The photo Naomi pulls up shows Cannon but under it is the name Douglas Atherton. Oscar and Naomi now know what they need to and go to the police with the new evidence. The police in conjunction with English authorities confirm with Oscar and Naomi their findings. Later the police arrive at Atherton's home to arrest and serve him with extradition, but inform Naomi that Atherton fled. Oscar says the worst is now over, but Naomi is not so certain fearing Atherton may strike again. He returns several episodes later, hiding in Naomi's hotel room. He then keeps Naomi hostage along with Silver too. He demands them to prove his innocence on a video tape and later demands money. However, just before heading to the Bank, Naomi and Silver hit him and he falls unconscious. Naomi then hold his knife up against his throat, but after Silver discouraging her, she drops the knife and lets the police arrest him.
Oscar.
Oscar, played by Blair Redford during season three, is a handsome, charismatic, and charming British teen, who is an old friend of Ivy. He moves in with her and her mom in the season three premiere. Oscar is described as “one part Talented Mr. Ripley, one part young Johnny Depp, and all parts sexy” and Oscar will be a crucial part next season, making trouble for others. As of 2021 Vision, it appears he has returned to take revenge on Laurel. Oscar slept with Ivy in episode 5. He was then interested in Naomi, and helped expose Miles Cannon's lies.
Victor Luna.
Played by Nestor Serrano in season three, Victor Luna is the uncle of Javier Luna. When Adrianna sings at Javier's funeral, Victor finds out that she stole the song from Javier. Victor blackmails Adrianna in becoming her agent and makes her do several tasks she doesn't want to do. When Adrianna becomes more successful she starts playing the boss over Victor. Eventually Victor is fed up with her and tells the press that Adrianna stole her songs from Javier, which ruins her career.
Charlie Selby.
Played by Evan Ross in season three, in his first scenes, Charlie makes an impression on Annie with his literary name-checking and low tolerance for superficiality. In episode 2, "Age of Inheritance," it is revealed he is Liam's half-brother. He and Annie start dating but then, Annie sleeps with his brother, Liam, which causes her confusion. After talking to Liam properly, Charlie tells him that he only let Liam get beat once whereas he got beaten almost every day. He also tells Liam he wanted to protect him, not hurt him. With that said, Liam reconciles with Charlie. However, after he finds out that Annie and Liam slept together during the episode "Holiday Madness," he leaves to Paris for a semester abroad. He lets Liam stay in the house and helps his brother and Annie finally getting together.
Ian.
In season three Kyle Riabko portrayed Ian, a love interest for Teddy Montgomery. It was revealed in episode 3 that he and Teddy hooked up. After running into an anxious Teddy, he assures him that he will not tell anyone about what happened, which only seems to agitate Teddy more. Ian appears later conversing with Silver which causes a concerned Teddy to approach her after Ian leaves and ask what they were talking about. Later on in the day Ian is seen coaching the boys on how to dance for an opening performance at Silver's breast cancer benefit auction, and after giving pointers to all of them tries to get Teddy to loosen up causing Teddy to angrily call him a faggot. Ian runs into Teddy the night of the benefit and Teddy tells Ian to stay away from him. Ian replies that he doesn't want to be around him either simply because Teddy couldn't deal with who he really is, he shouldn't take it out on him. This makes Teddy mad and he attacks Ian as a fight erupts between them. Mr. Matthews breaks up the fight and gives both of them detention after they both refuse to explain why they were fighting. In episode 9, Ian picks up Teddy from a gay bar after Teddy accidentally loses his wallet. It is shown Teddy begins confide and trust Ian. Teddy finds Ian as a role model. Teddy aspires to be like Ian, who is happy, comfortable, and confident with his sexuality. At the beach luau, Teddy sees Ian with another guy and feels jealous. He admits his feelings for Ian, by kissing him and wanting to start a relationship. In episode 11, Teddy wants to continue seeing Ian but Ian doesn't want their relationship to be a secret. Teddy isn't ready yet, and Ian can't accept that at first. But at Adrianna's party, Teddy tells Ian he really wants to be with him, and, one day, he will be ready to come out to the world. Ian finally agrees, they kiss and start their relationship, unaware Dixon saw them kissing. In episode 14, Ian continues to try to convince Teddy to come out to his friends, Teddy feels pressured and still asks Ian to be patient. Teddy is blackmailed about his secret and panics. During a conversation with Silver, he tells Silver where he spent his winter break. Silver tells Teddy it's the same place Ian spent his whole break as well. Teddy panics and leaves, leaving Silver to figure out the pieces. Teddy eventually decides to come out to his friends, thanks to Silver for her boost of confidence. Teddy and Ian walk in the party hand in hand and revealing to his friends that he is gay. Things are rather awkward at first, but go okay in the end. Teddy is happy and feels free coming out. On the ride home, Ian accidentally slips that someone put the blackmailing photos in Teddy's locker which Teddy didn't say he found the blackmail in his locker, revealing Ian was blackmailing him to get Teddy to come out of the closet sooner. Teddy is disappointed and immediately breaks up with Ian, ending their relationship.
Max Miller.
Max Miller, portrayed by Josh Zuckerman as a recurring character in seasons three and four, is Naomi's new lab partner. He appeared in the episode "Revenge with the Nerd," where he helps Naomi to get her money back from Guru Sona. After the help Naomi is attracted to him and kisses him, but he turned her down saying that she is not his type. He starts a relationship with Naomi in the episode "Blue Naomi" when she dresses herself up as an Avatar character to impress him. Sick and tired of keeping their relationship secret, they come out as boyfriend and girlfriend to the whole school. At the end of Season 3, after a cheating scandal, Max's parents force him to break up with Naomi, feeling she is a bad influence on him. Naomi tells Max she is pregnant. In the beginning of season four, Naomi and Max attend a doctor's appointment where Max is initially supportive, stating that this is "where we always wanted to be, just sooner than anticipated". However, when the doctor reveals that Naomi's earlier test was a false positive and that she is not pregnant the couple continues on as planned, going their separate ways.
He later returns early in the fourth season and reveals he chose to go to CalTech instead of MIT. He and Naomi rekindle their romance, though she is continually tempted by newcomer Austin Tallridge. Despite her best efforts Naomi eventually succumbs to Austin's advances and she and Max again part ways. He returns again towards the end of the season revealing that he is engaged to a girl named Madison and that he is now vastly wealthy, having started his own company. Naomi is hired to plan their wedding, but is disheartened to learn that Max is getting married, and realizes she still has lingering feelings for him. She sets out to dissolve his romance with Madison, which all seemingly end in vain, even after Max asks her if he is making the right choice. However, on the day of his wedding, Naomi interrupts the ceremony and declares her undying love, confessing that Max is the love of her life and she knows she is the same for him. She then runs off as the entire ceremony falls silent. Moments later, Max finds Naomi and informs her that she is right. The two are reunited for a third time and are last seen sharing a passionate kiss.
Raj Kher.
Raj Kher, portrayed by Manish Dayal in seasons three and four, is Ivy's husband. They meet in a medicinal marijuana retailer and instantly become friends. Raj tells Ivy that he is using the marijuana, because he is dying of cancer. Their friendship soon blooms into more and they start a relationship. Raj helps Ivy stop her reckless behavior and taking drugs. He also helps Ivy overcome her fear of the ocean. When they go to the West Bev prom, which has a future theme, Raj, upset because he knows Ivy will have a future and he will not, starts acting like a jerk and he and Ivy get into a fight. After making amends the next day, Raj ask Ivy to marry him, which she accepts. In the season finale, Raj and Ivy get married on the beach in an Indian wedding. Raj eventually dies later on in the season because of a plasmic gasmic.
Austin Tallridge.
Austin Tallridge, portrayed by Justin Deeley in season four, is a new love interest for Naomi. He meets Naomi when she is looking for a new house and decides to buy his, but when he refuses to sell it, Naomi calls his parents telling them about the growing pot he has in the backyard and he is forced to sell it to her. Austin moves into a beach house and takes Dixon in as his roommate. When Dixon is having problems to create a demo CD, Austin gives him his ADHD pills to help him get it done. Naomi asks Austin to help her make Holly lose the sorority games at CU. She later kisses Austin, but then finds out that Holly and Austin where dating and now Holly is even angrier at her. The day of the games, Holly tricks Naomi´s ex, Max, into coming back to Beverly Hills and when Austin sees them kiss, he feels jealous. Austin help Naomi prepare the "Rock the Vote" party and they end up trapped in a van after the security guards think they were trying to get in. In the van Austin reveals his true feelings to Naomi and they almost kiss until Max opens up the van.
After the events of the party Austin stays away from Naomi until his cousin Sally comes to visit which makes Naomi jealous, because she thinks he is Austin's date, and decides to participate in a talent show to beat her. After Naomi wins, Max breaks up with her, because he knows she was doing it for Austin. Naomi then finds out that it was Austin's cousin and not his date. Austin later tries to take over Liam´s modeling job after he declines, but ends up not getting it. He then shows up at the masquerade party at CU, where Naomi confesses her true feelings for him in front of everyone and they start dating.
When it is Austin's birthday, he ditches Naomi, because his father wants him to be in Las Vegas with the family and he doesn't want to take Naomi. She follows him and finds out that he has a bad relationship with his father and he gets mad at her for following him. At Thanksgiving, Austin comes back from Vegas, and Naomi only wants to have sex, but he wants to talk about his problems and start ignoring her need for sex. They later go horse riding in an effort to make things right, but they have yet another fight and Austin leaves Naomi behind without knowing that she is trapped. She then accidentally starts a fire, which Austin sees and they make amends and Austin tells Naomi that his parents are getting a divorce. When Naomi gets her internship with Rachel Gray, she is too busy to have some alone time with Austin and bosses Austin around without thanking him, which causes a fight between them. After Holly finds out that Naomi got the internship with her mother that she wanted, she kisses Austin in front of her in order to get revenge.
Amal Shirazi.
Amal Shirazi, portrayed by Anthony Azizi in season four, is Navid's uncle who sells stolen cars at Shirazi Studios. Navid later starts working undercover in order to get Amal arrested.
Vanessa Shaw.
Portrayed by Arielle Kebbel from season four to season five.
Vanessa first appears as the unnamed driver of a maroon car that knocks Liam off his motorcycle. She recognizes Liam’s face as the "hot model billboard guy," and instead reports the accident as a hit and run. In reality, though, she was the one that hit Liam. In "Should Old Acquaintance be Forgot?", Vanessa has brainwashed Liam into thinking she found him the night of the accident and called for help, since the she has been taking care of Liam in the hospital. Annie invites Liam and Vanessa to a party in order to get to know her better. Annie starts publicly attacking Vanessa, questioning her reasons for visiting Liam every day in the hospital and labeling her selfless. She also proposes that Vanessa must have been feeling guilty because she might have had something to do with putting him in hospital. Annie then goes on to reveal that Vanessa said a black car hit Liam, when a mechanic said Liam’s bike was hit by a maroon car. Later, Liam asks Vanessa if she told everything she saw to the police. Vanessa says she did, but explains she didn't see much as it was dark and the suddenness of it all makes it hard to remember. Vanessa tells Liam if he wants to be with Annie that's fine, but she isn't going to be a cussed of something she did not do. Later on, Annie tells Liam that she wants him to move on with Vanessa, because she thinks she was inventing reasons for them both not to be a couple due to her being afraid to let him go. Liam decides to give a relationship with Vanessa a try and kisses her, cementing their official relationship publicly. However, whilst at the airport ready to leave for Carnegie Mellon, Annie discovers that Vanessa has a bunch of fake ID's after mistaking Vanessa's bag for hers. Annie now sees it as her personal mission to expose Vanessa and get back Liam. Annie returns Vanessa's bag to its owner and warning her if she doesn't leave Liam alone she will tell him about the fake ID's. Later on, Vanessa leads Liam to a house, where she tells him she hit him with her car, and that she’s been in trouble with the law before. Annie then shows up suddenly, and tells Liam about Vanessa criminal record. Vanessa explains that she used to live in the broken down house and that she used to be bounced around different families. She understands if this is all a deal breaker, but Liam brushes by all of it and labels Annie a nut-job, warning her that it's not her responsibility. At Liam's bars re-launch, Vanessa apologizes to Liam for the day they first met and he responds by telling her he trusts her.
Vanessa drives out Liam's manager, Shelia, and takes over the role without having any experience what so ever. She lands him a job working as a celeb guest at Annie’s benefit. At the benefit, Liam tells Vanessa that he can’t change into something he’s not and that maybe he’s just not star material. While Annie is talking with Liam, he notices a woman drowning in a bay nearby. Liam then dives in and saves the woman, to a lot of fanfare. Liam gets interviewed by the news about the incident and Vanessa tells him the rescue got him noticed by a couple of casting directors. After Liam leaves, Vanessa pays the woman who was “drowning”. Vanessa continues to work her manager magic and books Liam a bunch of no-name auditions. She also gets him an audition for a supporting role in a movie, and Liam performs the monologue for the audition. Vanessa calls someone pretending to be Adrianna and finds out where Ade’s meeting with Lee Brodsky, a big movie producer, is. Vanessa goes to the restaurant where Lee was supposed to meet Ade and Dixon and invites him over to her table. Later, Liam tells Ade that he got a movie role and didn't have to audition because Vanessa ran into the producer and got him the job. Adrianna is obviously certain of Vanessa’s role in her missing her meeting. Vanessa finds Ade going through her purse/phone and Ade tells her she knows Vanessa sabotaged her meeting. Vanessa tries to talk her way out of the situation and says she won’t tell Liam about this, but won’t be so understanding next time. Meanwhile, Ade shows Liam the picture of the woman he saved and tells him about Vanessa. Liam confronts Vanessa about the issue at the festival and she tells him Ade is crazy and has it out for her. Vanessa goes into Ade’s trailer and says she warned her. Vanessa then breaks a glass, smashes her head into a mirror, and screams for help. Liam and Dixon show up, and Vanessa tells them that Ade went crazy and attacked her. Ade tries to tell them that Vanessa did it to herself, but Vanessa brings up the purse incident which doesn't help Ade’s case at all. Ade has to go to security for questioning afterwards, which causes her to miss performing with Dixon.
Silver asks Liam to go with her to her appointment tomorrow and thanks him for keeping her doctor visits between them. Vanessa then comes by and gives Liam a $50,000 check, telling him the two should go take a drive up the coast tomorrow. Liam lies to Vanessa and says he has to take publicity photos tomorrow. Over at the doctors', Liam gets a text from Vanessa about the photo shoot. Vanessa later confronts Silver about the photo shoot and then asks her and Liam where they really were yesterday. Silver tells Vanessa about Liam taking her to doctors’ appointments. Later, Liam gives Vanessa papers for their new production company. Vanessa is determined to make Liam a serious actor who can do indies. She even snags Liam a "crazy big part" in a movie despite Liam being rejected initially. When confronted, Vanessa admits that she blackmailed the movie exec “for Liam and their future.” Liam realizes that Vanessa is "one giant liar and manipulator" and tells her to leave. Liam immediately realizes that Vanessa stole all the money in the cash register and took their production company money. In the fourth season finale, Vanessa comes back to tell Liam that his movie got selected for a sequel and it starts shooting in Bolivia in 3 days. She also tells him she’s attached as his manager/producer and hopes this can be her second chance.
Elizabeth.
Keke Palmer will join the show as a reoccurring character. The character she will play is Elizabeth. 
url|http://www.nickutopia.com/2013/01/20/keke-palmer-signs-on-for-recurring-role-on-90210/
Guest stars.
Portrayed by Kellan Lutz during season one, George Evans is a West Beverly High resident and a lacrosse teammate of Ethan Ward, who becomes a rival to Dixon Wilson. Kimberly MacIntyre, portrayed by Jessica Lucas in season one, is an undercover police officer who pretends to be a student at West Bev. She has a short romantic relationship with Ryan, but leaves again when she finds the drug dealer she was looking for.
John Schneider portrays Liam's plastic surgeon stepfather Jeffrey Sarkossian during the second season. He has a very bad relationship with Liam and also cheats on Liam's mother Colleen. After Liam steals an ancient coin from him, he kicks Liam out. Amber Wallace portrays Lila in season two, Navid's new love interest and a member of "The Glorious Steinems", a band Adrianna joins. Diego Boneta portrays Javier Luna, a famous singer, during the end of season two and the first episode of season three. Javier becomes a small love interest for Adrianna, but she chooses Navid in the end. When Adrianna returns from touring with him, they get involved in a car crash, which kills Javier. In the season three finale, Adrianna sees the ghost of Javier, who tells her she is a bad person and should just kill herself, but after seeing her friends, she doesn't.
Liza Waltz portrays Katherine Upton in season three. She hires Annie as an intern. She also asks Annie if she can donate her eggs, but Annie eventually declines. Emily Bradford, played by Abbie Cobb in season three, is Annie and Dixon's cousin from Kansas. Emily comes to town intent on stealing everything from Annie, including her acting parts and her boyfriend Liam, but soon leaves after Liam and Annie trick her into exposing her true self. Marco Salazar, portrayed by Freddie Smith in season three, is Teddy Montgomery's new love interest. They meet when Teddy accidentally hits Marco with a tennis ball and soon after begin a relationship, but break up during the summer.
Summer Bishil portrays Leila Shirazi in season four, Navid's little sister who comes to live with Navid and Silver and causesseveral problems. Jeremy, portrayed by Matt Cohen in season four, is a family member of Marla Templeton and fights with Annie over her inheritance. At first it seems he's winning, but when Annie breaks in his home and tapes him saying bad things about Marla, she wins. Megalyn Echikunwoke portrays Holly Strickler in season four, a student at CU and a rival of Naomi's. Jane, portrayed by Kristina Apgar in season four, is a widow who becomes a love interest for Liam, but when it is found out that her husband is actually still alive, she returns to him. Portrayed by Cameron Goodman in season four, Bree is a CU student and escort that helps Annie get a job as an escort too. Sarah Hagan portrays Alana in season four, a nerdy girl who joins Naomi's sorority. Shane, portrayed by Ryan Rottman in season four, is a new love interest for Teddy who is fighting for marriage equality. He later leaves with Teddy to Washington in order to make a difference. Brandy Norwood portrays Marissa Harris-Young in season four, a young politician in the race to be elected to congress, who hires Silver to make campaign ads. Patrick Westhill, portrayed by Chris L. McKenna in season four, is a rich business man who hires Annie as an escort and later starts a relationship with her. Annie finds out that he is still hiring escorts, but stays with him in order to get money for Dixon's rehab. She breaks up with him after she is able to get Marla Templeton's inheritance. Tiffany Hines portrays Kat in season four, a police officer who helps Navid to arrest his uncle Amal. Kat later starts having feelings for Navid, but he is still in love with Silver.

</doc>
<doc id="19779673" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19779673" title="Goûts de Luxe">
Goûts de Luxe

Goûts de Luxe was a French group from Brest, founded by Jacques le Honsec (1963) and Jean-Éric Montfort.
Biography.
The name of the group was found during a Chanel parade.
Jacques Honsec's employment in the record industry allowed him to meet producers in Paris. Thus, a contract was signed. But while recording the first single, "Les Yeux de Laura", Jean-Éric Montfort was unable to record the parts played on guitar. A studio musician, Kamil Rustam, did it. As a result, Montfort decided to refuse promoting the single as he did not play on it and left the group. In the meantime, Marianna Kliska, who had married Jacques le Honsec, replaced the guitarist.
"Les Yeux de Laura", whose cover was reprinted because of the change of band's composition, hit #24 in the French SNEP Singles Chart. A maxi vinyl was remixed by Dimitri from Paris. Goûts de Luxe recorded a second single, "Omaha Beach", but it was unsuccessful.
After changing labels, the group recorded a final single, "Dans un autre pays", which was a very minor success, then the group split up.

</doc>
<doc id="19779678" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19779678" title="Gatis Jahovičs">
Gatis Jahovičs

Gatis Jahovičs (born August 11, 1984) is a Latvian professional basketball player, who is currently playing for BK VEF Rīga.
He is 2.00 m (6 ft 6.75 in) and a small forward.
Latvian national team.
Jahovičs is also a member of the Latvian national basketball team.

</doc>
<doc id="19779716" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19779716" title="Dairis Bertāns">
Dairis Bertāns

Dairis Bertāns (born 9 September 1989) is an Latvian professional basketball player who is currently playing for Bilbao Basket and Latvia national basketball team.
Professional career.
He started his career with hometown team SK Valmiera. Before 2006/2007 season Dairis and his family moved to Riga, where he joined ASK Riga. At the beginning Bertāns played for ASK Riga's junior squad, but gradually was inserted in their first team. During 2007/08 season he made his debut with ASK Riga first team, where he played till March 2009. Then for the final months of the season Bertāns joined one of the biggest ASK Riga's rivals BK Ventspils, signing two-year contract. 
In summer of 2010 Bertāns returned to capital city of Latvia, signing contract with BK VEF Rīga. At-the-time-coach Rimas Kurtinaitis saw potential in Bertāns as a point guard even though before he was mostly used as a shooting guard. So, during season 2010/2011 Dairis developed point guard skills to a different level, and was one of the key factors for VEF to win its first ever Latvian Championship. Next season Bertāns won another Latvian League title with VEF Rīga. In summer of 2012 Bertāns re-signed with contract with VEF Rīga. He signed a 3-year contract with Bilbao Basket in June 2013, although he almost signed for Partizan in january 2014.
Latvian national team.
Dairis has been member of the Latvian U-16, U-18 and U-20 National Team as well as the Senior National Team. Dairis led Latvia to bronze medals in 2007 U18 European Championship in Madrid, Spain. Bertans was also named to all-tournament team.
Dairis made his Latvian National Team debut in summer of 2010. He has represented Latvia national team in EuroBasket 2011. Dairis was the leading scorer (14.1ppg) for National Team in 2012, when he helped Latvia to earn a spot in EuroBasket 2013.
Due to his explosive style of play Dairis has earned nickname "Latvian Rocket".
Personal life.
Dairis' brother is Dāvis Bertāns. Their father Dainis Bertāns was a professional basketball player and is a youth coach at the moment. Their mother is a sports teacher and a former high level rower.

</doc>
<doc id="19779717" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19779717" title="Ivan V. Lalić">
Ivan V. Lalić

Ivan V. Lalić (June 8, 1931 – July 28, 1996) was a Serbian poet with a reputation as one of the finest European poets of his time.
Biography.
Lalić was born into a cultured family in Belgrade; his father, Vlajko, was a journalist, and his grandfather Isidor Bajić was a celebrated composer. He studied law in Zagreb. As a child he experienced the trauma of seeing many of his school-friends perish in an air-raid. Lalić said that "my childhood and boyhood in the war marked everything I ever wrote as a poem or poetry".
Lalić lived in both Zagreb and Belgrade, and spent the summers with his family in the Istrian town of Rovinj. He was survived by his Croatian wife, Branka, and his younger son.
Poetry.
Lalić was awarded with the most prestigious literary prizes in Yugoslavia. He was admired abroad and books of his poems have been translated into six languages (English, French, Italian, Polish, Hungarian and Macedonian). Individual poems have appeared in more than 20 languages.
In her obituary of him, Celia Hawkesworth spoke of "the central place in his work of memory: fragile in the face of the collapse of civilisations, but all we have. Memory allows the poet to recreate brief instants of personal joy as well as to conjure up a sense of the distant past. It allows each of us, as individuals condemned to solitude, to connect with a shared inheritance and feel, for a moment, part of a larger whole."
Bibliography.
Serbo-Croat
In translation

</doc>
<doc id="19779719" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19779719" title="Bernhard Adalbert Emil Koehne">
Bernhard Adalbert Emil Koehne

Bernhard Adalbert Emil Koehne (February 12, 1848 - October 12, 1918) was a German botanist and dendrologist born near Striegau, a town known today as Strzegom, Poland.
Koehne was a professor of botany in Berlin and was a leading authority of the plant family Lythraceae. In Adolf Engler's treatise "Das Pflanzenreich" (The Plant Kingdom), he was author of the chapter on Lythraceae. He also made impotent contributions involving Lythraceae to Engler and Karl Prantl's "Die Natürlichen Pflanzenfamilien" (The Natural Plant Families), as well as to Karl Friedrich Philipp von Martius' "Flora Brasiliensis".
Another noted written effort by Koehne was the 1893 "Deutsche Dendrologie" (German Dendrology). The plant genus "Koehneola" (family Asteraceae) is named in his honor.

</doc>
<doc id="19779721" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19779721" title="Andrei Viktorovich Smirnov">
Andrei Viktorovich Smirnov

Andrei Viktorovich Smirnov () (born January 1, 1980) is a Russian footballer. He plays for FC Tekstilshchik Ivanovo.

</doc>
<doc id="19779735" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19779735" title="Arnica sororia">
Arnica sororia

Arnica sororia is a species of arnica known by the common name twin arnica. It is native to western North America from British Columbia to California to Nebraska, where it grows in many types of habitat. 
It is a rhizomatous perennial herb producing one or more hairy, glandular stems 10 to 50 centimeters tall. There are several pairs of broadly lance-shaped leaves along the stem, the lower ones borne on petioles. Leaves may reach up to 14 centimeters long. 
The inflorescence holds one to five daisy-like flower heads lined with phyllaries coated in glandular hairs. The flower head has a center of glandular yellow disc florets and a fringe of yellow ray florets. The fruit is an achene a few millimeters long with a white pappus.

</doc>
<doc id="19779746" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19779746" title="Gerald Aylmer">
Gerald Aylmer

Gerald Edward Aylmer (30 April 1926, Greete, Shropshire – 17 December 2000, Oxford) was an English historian of seventeenth-century England.
Gerald Aylmer was the only child of Edward Arthur Aylmer, from an Anglo-Irish naval family, and Phoebe Evans. A great-uncle was Lord Desborough. Educated at Beaudesert Park School and Winchester College, he went up to Balliol College, Oxford for a term before volunteering for the Navy, where he was a shipmate of George Melly. Returning to Balliol, he was tutored by Christopher Hill. He graduated in 1950, spent a year at Princeton University and completed his thesis, 'Studies on the Institutions and Personnel of English Central Administration, 1625–42' (1954) as a Junior Research Fellow at Balliol. The thesis, in two volumes, was 1208 pages long: the Modern History Board subsequently introduced a word-limit.)
In 1954, Alymer went to Manchester University as an assistant lecturer, and in the following year married Ursula Nixon. Appointed lecturer at Manchester in 1962, he was then invited, aged 36, to become the first Professor of History at York University. In 1979, he returned to Oxford as Master of St Peter's College, presiding over an improvement in academic performance at the college, increased endowment and building extensions before retiring in 1991. He remained an active publisher for the remaining nine years of his life before dying in hospital following what appeared to be routine surgery.
In 1993 Aylmer was honoured with a festschrift edited by his long-time colleagues John Morrill and Paul Slack and his former doctoral student Daniel Woolf.
Aylmer was on the Editorial Board of the History of Parliament Trust from 1968 to 1998, and chaired the board from 1989 to 1997. A Commissioner for Historical Manuscripts from 1978, he chaired the Commission from 1989 to 1989. He was elected Fellow of the British Academy in 1976, and President of the Royal Historical Society between 1984 and 1988.
Aylmer's most substantial historical contribution was his trilogy on seventeenth-century administration before, during and after the Civil War. Alymer brought a prosopographical method to the study of seventeenth-century bureaucracy, as well as an interest in the political sociology of bureaucracy in Max Weber, James Burnham and Milovan Djilas. The first volume – a careful statistical study of Charles I's officials – effectively rebutted Hugh Trevor-Roper's attribution of the rise of the gentry to the profits of royal office, and characterisation of the Civil War as a conflict between 'rising' and 'declining' gentry. The second volume showed that Interregnum reforms had real, if not absolute, effects; the third, published posthumously, treated the partial return to older practices under Charles II. In this final volume, Aylmer described himself as 'an old Whig (and one with some residual Leveller leanings too)".
Works.
Aylmer's publications up to 1990 are listed in his Festschrift.

</doc>
<doc id="19779747" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19779747" title="Simpson River">
Simpson River

Simpson River is a river of Chile located in the Aysén del General Carlos Ibáñez del Campo Region. The river originates east of the Andes mountains. It forms the western boundary of the city of Coihaique, which is bordered on the north by the Coihaique River, a tributary of the Simpson. In its inferior course, the river flows through Río Simpson National Reserve, which is named after the river. In this area, the river roughly parallels the Route CH-240, which connects Coihaique with Puerto Aisén and Puerto Chacabuco.
Tributaries.
The Blanco River gushes through canyons in the northeastern part of Reserva Nacional Cerro Castillo. The river corridor is a veritable geological wonder with a myriad of canyons composed of dark basalt, limestone, shale and sandstone. There is also the wonderful sight of Cerro Castillo (2675 m), highest peak in the region, thus named because it resembles a medieval castle. 

</doc>
<doc id="19779778" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19779778" title="Little Hide">
Little Hide

"Little Hide" was the first single released by Scotland-based alternative rock band Snow Patrol. It was released on 16 February 1998 under the Jeepster Records label. It is notable for being the first release by Snow Patrol for the label.
Voice message.
The single was the first release by the band under the name "Snow Patrol" after changing from "Polarbear" due to copyright issues.
The actual voice message concerning this name change can be heard at the start of the song "Little Hide":
Track listing.
The video for "Little Hide" was uncredited. It was not mentioned in the artwork.
Release and reception.
The single was issued in two formats, Maxi CD and 7" Vinyl. It received mixed reviews from critics, earning 2 and a half stars from Allmusic's Nitsuh Abebe, who called the songs 'competent'. The single sold poorly and failed to chart.

</doc>
<doc id="19779797" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19779797" title="Portable partitions">
Portable partitions

Portable partitions are rolling, mobile, folding room dividers which provide temporary walls in place of traditional non mobile products such as operable walls, accordion partitions, cubicles, pipe and drape, and shoji screens. They fold and are on wheels enabling mobility and ease of storage. The portable wall partition has two full panel end members which provide support, rigidity, privacy and noise reduction.
Portable partitions are used to divide space quickly where non-mobile permanent room dividers may be unavailable or impracticable. They may also be used as a convenient sight divider to conceal door openings to restrooms, commercial kitchens and other backroom areas.
Modern day partitions often use features like expanding mechanical floor and ceiling seals to achieve a higher level of acoustic separation. 

</doc>
<doc id="19779808" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19779808" title="If the Good Die Young">
If the Good Die Young

"If the Good Die Young" is the title of a song written by Craig Wiseman and Paul Nelson, and recorded by American country music artist Tracy Lawrence. It was released in January 1994 as the fourth and last single from his album "Alibis". In April of that year, it became that album's fourth consecutive Number One hit, reaching the top spot on the U.S. "Billboard" Hot Country Singles & Tracks chart and on the Canadian "RPM" Country Tracks chart.
Content.
The song is an up-tempo accompanied by electric guitar. It describes a rebellious male character who claims that he will "live forever if the good die young".
Music video.
The song's music video premiered on October 18, 1994 and was filmed at Charlotte Motor Speedway and features footage of NASCAR drivers, including dedication to both Alan Kulwicki and Davey Allison who had been killed in off-track incidents in 1993. Lawrence drove a Chevrolet Lumina with his name on it in the video.
Chart positions.
"If the Good Die Young" debuted at number 64 on the U.S. "Billboard" Hot Country Singles & Tracks for the week of February 5, 1994.

</doc>
<doc id="19779813" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19779813" title="Down Hatherley">
Down Hatherley

Down Hatherley is a civil parish and village in Tewkesbury (borough) near Cheltenham, Gloucestershire. It has approximately 165 houses and a population of 450.
The village was recorded (combined with Up Hatherley) as "Hegberleo" in 1022. It was listed as "Athelai" in the Domesday Book of 1086. In 1273 it was known as "Dunheytherleye" and in 1221, "Hupheberleg". The name derived from the Old English "hagu-thorn" + "lēah" meaning "hawthorn clearing". the distinguishing affixes "Up" and "Down" derived from the Old English "upp" meaning "higher upstream" and "dūne" meaning "lower downstream". Up Hatherley is a separate parish three miles upstream on the Hatherley Brook. Historic buildings include St Mary's Church (15th-century tower, otherwise rebuilt 1860) and Hatherley Court (or House) (17th century), now a hotel.
Jemmy Wood, "The Gloucester Miser", was a former owner of Hatherley House and estate.

</doc>
<doc id="19779815" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19779815" title="Qaziyan">
Qaziyan

Qaziyan (, also Romanized as Qāzīyān, Qāzeyān, and Qāzīān; also known as Ghāzeyān, Ghāzīān, and Kazian) is a village in Saravan Rural District, Sangar District, Rasht County, Gilan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 3,196, in 899 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="19779845" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19779845" title="Arnica spathulata">
Arnica spathulata

Arnica spathulata is an uncommon species of arnica known by the common name Klamath arnica. It is native to the Klamath Mountains of northern California and southern Oregon, where it grows in woodland habitat, often on serpentine soils. 
It is a rhizomatous perennial herb producing one or more hairy, glandular stems 10 to 50 centimeters tall. There are several pairs of broadly lance-shaped leaves along the stem, and a cluster of leaves about the base of the stem. The basal leaves are up to about 15 centimeters long and the cauline leaves, those higher on the stem, are somewhat shorter. 
The inflorescence holds many flower heads lined with phyllaries coated in long, white hairs. The flower head is discoid, containing only yellow disc florets and no ray florets. The fruit is an achene up to a centimeter long, not counting its white pappus.

</doc>
<doc id="19779849" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19779849" title="Douglas Evill">
Douglas Evill

Air Chief Marshal Sir Douglas Claude Strathern Evill GBE KCB DSC AFC RAF (8 October 1892 – 22 March 1971) was a Royal Naval Air Service pilot during World War I and senior commander in the Royal Air Force during World War II.
Early life.
Douglas Evill was born on 8 October 1892 in Broken Hill, New South Wales, Australia. After receiving a private education in England, Evill studied as a cadet at Osborne House naval college on the Isle of Wight before attending Britannia Naval College in Devon.
Naval service and World War I.
Evill was a cousin of the pioneer aviator Arthur Longmore who encouraged him to take up flying. After taking private flying lessons at Hendon, Evill gained his Aero Club Aviator's Certificate (No. 512) on 13 June 1913, only three months after gaining his naval commission as a Sub-lieutenant. Evill then applied to join the Naval Wing of the Royal Flying Corps but was not accepted and he spent some time serving on destroyers. Evill was promoted to full lieutenant on 15 August 1914 and was appointed an acting Flight Lieutenant on 4 December 1914 on securing a transfer to the Royal Naval Air Service which by 1914 had gained its independence from the Royal Flying Corps.
Evill spent much of World War I on operational flying duties over the Western Front, flying out of Dunkirk from February 1915 onwards. Probably around the summer of 1915 he took up duties on No. 1 Squadron RNAS which was based in Dunkirk. On 22 June 1916 Evill was awarded the Distinguished Service Cross. The citation read as follows:
On 5 November 1916 Evill was appointed the Officer Commanding No. 2 Squadron RNAS which like No. 1 Squadron was engaged in flying duties on the Western Front. Less than two months later, on the last day of 1916, Evill was promoted to the RNAS rank of squadron commander.
The summer of 1917 saw Evill back in England in a training role. On 30 July 1917 he became the first commander of the RNAS's Naval Seaplane Training School at Lee-on-the-Solent. The work in establishing the unit involved requisitioning of land and several coastal properties. Evill also had to contend with temporary hangarage for his seaplanes and the safe operation of a crane which lowered his aircraft from the top of the cliff on to rails which ran into the sea. On 1 April 1918, when the RNAS was merged with the Royal Flying Corps, Evill was regraded from squadron commander to major in the new Royal Air Force.
Between the wars.
Evill remained in the fledgling RAF after the war and in 1919 he was placed in command of flying boat units, granted a permanent commission in the RAF in the rank of squadron leader and awarded the Air Force Cross. On 20 February 1920, he was appointed to the staff of the School of Naval Co-operation and Aerial Navigation and later that year on 8 October he married Henrietta Hortense, the daughter of Sir Alexander Drake Kleinwort (the first of the Kleinwort Baronets).
Evill spent much of 1921 at the British Army's Staff College at Camberley. On 1 January 1922 Evill was posted to the headquarters of Coastal Area working on the technical aspects of aircraft carriers.
Late 1923 saw Evill return to operational duties. From September to October he probably completed a refresher flying course at No. 4 Flying Training School. On 12 October he was appointed Officer Commanding No. 70 Squadron, flying Vernons from the Hinaidi Cantonment in Baghdad, Iraq.
With promotion to wing commander and following his return to Great Britain in early 1925, Evill was appointed to the Directing Staff of the RAF Staff College in May. After nearly four years of instructing, Evill was posted to the RAF College, Cranwell as the Assistant Commandant where he remained until he was succeeded by Philip Babington in late 1931.
After departing Cranwell, Evill was promoted to group captain in the new year. After a period of illness and time as a supernumerary which occupied most of 1932, Evill attended the Imperial Defence College in 1933.
In the five years leading up to World War II Evill held a number of air officer staff and administrative appointments. In April 1934, he was sent to the Air Ministry and served as Deputy Director of War Organization. He was promoted to air commodore on the last day of 1935; this promotion may have coincided with his elevation to Director of War Organization. Evill left the Air Ministry in September 1936 for Headquarters Bomber Command where he served as the Senior Air Staff Officer. In January 1937, whilst on the staff of Bomber Command, Evill accompanied Air Vice-Marshal Christopher Courtney (the RAF's Director of Operations and Intelligence) as a member of the RAF mission to Germany on a tour of inspection of the Luftwaffe. On 1 January 1938 Evill was promoted to air vice-marshal, three months later he was appointed Air Officer in charge of Administration at Bomber Command.
In the spring of 1939, during the debate concerning airfield deception, Evill argued for the construction of fake aerodromes designed to deceive the enemy. He was in favour of the creation of dummies of all satellite airfields which would be designed to mislead during day and night raids. He also favoured the building of decoy airfields for primary large-scale bases but only to the extent that they would be effective against night operations. Despite some disagreement from other senior RAF commanders, Evill's view was adopted as policy in June.
Just before the outbreak of World War II, Evill briefly served as the British air deputy on the Anglo-French Supreme War Council.
World War II.
Following the start of World War II, Evill was moved from Bomber to Fighter Command as the Senior Air Staff Officer at its Headquarters, serving under Air Chief Marshal Sir Hugh Dowding. In February 1940 Evill was appointed the Senior Air Staff Officer at the Headquarters of the Royal Air Force in France under Air Marshal Sir Arthur Barratt. When the British Air Forces in France dissolved in failure in June 1940, Evill returned to Fighter Command, once again serving as the Senior Air Staff Officer. He continued at Fighter Command throughout the Battle of Britain, The Blitz and the fighter operations of 1941.
In February 1942, Evill departed Great Britain for the United States as the head of the RAF delegation to Washington. By March 1943, Evill had returned to Great Britain where he was appointed Vice-Chief of the Air Staff. Evill continued as VCAS throughout the rest of the war, receiving promotion to air marshal at the beginning of 1944.
On 1 February 1945, Evill sent a memorandum to the Chiefs of Staff Committee outlining the Air Staff's support for the area bombing of eastern German cities. He noted that the ensuing chaos would hamper Wehrmacht reinforcements which were moving up to meet the Russian advance. Evill wrote:
Less than two weeks later, the Bombing of Dresden began. In recent times, critics of the RAF's bombing of German cities have suggested that because of his support for such bombing, Evill was aptly named.
Evill stepped down as VCAS on 1 June 1946; the following January he officially retired from the RAF, receiving promotion to Air Chief Marshal just a few days before he left the Service.
Later years.
As a retired officer, Evill stayed active in Service and civil matters. He was a member of the council for King Edward VII's Hospital for Officers and served as the Director-General of the English Speaking Union from 1947 to 1949. In late 1960 Evill was appointed Honorary Air Commodore of No. 3617 (County of Hampshire) Fighter Control Unit in the Royal Auxiliary Air Force.
Evill was portrayed by Sir Michael Redgrave in the film "Battle of Britain" (1969).
Towards the end of his life, Evill suffered with severe arthritis; he died at his home in Winchester on 22 March 1971, aged 78.

</doc>
<doc id="19779851" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19779851" title="Paleoart">
Paleoart

Paleoart is an informal term first coined by Mark Hallett for art that depicts subjects related to paleontology. These may be representations of fossil remains or depictions of the living creatures and their ecosystems.
Production.
The work of paleoartists is not mere fantasy of an artist's imagination but rather consists of controversial and cooperative discussions among experts.
Scientific impact.
Art has been important in disseminating knowledge of dinosaurs since the term was introduced by Sir Richard Owen in 1842. With Benjamin Waterhouse Hawkins, Owen helped create the first life-size sculptures depicting dinosaurs as he thought they may have appeared. Some models were initially created for the Great Exhibition of 1851, but 33 were eventually produced when the Crystal Palace was relocated to Sydenham, in South London. Owen famously hosted a dinner for 21 prominent men of science inside the hollow concrete "Iguanodon" on New Year's Eve 1853. However, in 1849, a few years before his death in 1852, Gideon Mantell had realised that "Iguanodon", of which he was the discoverer, was not a heavy, pachyderm-like animal, as Owen was putting forward, but had slender forelimbs; his death left him unable to participate in the creation of the Crystal Palace dinosaur sculptures, and so Owen's vision of dinosaurs became that seen by the public. He had nearly two dozen lifesize sculptures of various prehistoric animals built out of concrete sculpted over a steel and brick framework; two "Iguanodon", one standing and one resting on its belly, were included. The dinosaurs remain in place in the park, but their depictions are now outdated in many respects.
A 2013 study found that older paleoart was still influential in popular culture long after new discoveries made them obsolete. This was explained as cultural inertia.
Recognition.
Since 1999, the Society of Vertebrate Paleontology has awarded the John J. Lanzendorf PaleoArt Prize for achievement in the field. The society says that paleoart "is one of the most important vehicles for communicating discoveries and data among paleontologists, and is critical to promulgating vertebrate paleontology across disciplines and to lay audiences". The SVP is also the site of the occasional/annual "PaleoArt Poster Exhibit", a juried poster show at the opening reception of the annual SVP meetings.
The Museu da Lourinhã organizes the annual International Dinosaur Illustration Contest for promoting the art of dinosaur and other fossils. 

</doc>
<doc id="19779872" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19779872" title="Eugene Timmons">
Eugene Timmons

Eugene Timmons (died 13 May 1999) was an Irish Fianna Fáil politician. An office worker, Timmons was first elected to Dáil Éireann as a Fianna Fáil Teachta Dála (TD) for the Dublin North–East constituency at the 1961 general election, having previously stood at the 1948, 1951 and 1954 general elections, but not the 1957 general election. Timmons was not re-elected at the 1965 general election but regained his Dáil seat at the 1969 general election until finally losing it at the 1977 general election. 
Timmons served two terms as Lord Mayor of Dublin from 1965 to 1967.

</doc>
<doc id="19779874" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19779874" title="1988 Saguenay earthquake">
1988 Saguenay earthquake

The 1988 Saguenay earthquake was a 5.9 magnitude earthquake that struck Quebec, Canada on November 25, 1988. It is one of the largest recorded earthquakes in eastern Canada and eastern North America during the 20th century.
The earthquake was triggered by faults associated with the Saguenay Graben.

</doc>
<doc id="19779886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19779886" title="Server-based gaming">
Server-based gaming

Server-based gaming, or SBG, is a solution employed by video lotteries and casinos to operate Video Lottery Terminals (VLTs) and Electronic Gaming Machines (EGMs), the latter commonly referred to as slot machines. An SBG system includes a central system and gaming terminals which connect to the central system. SBG systems may be operated locally over a LAN or span large geographical areas, even entire nations, over a WAN, such as the Internet.
SBG systems differentiate themselves from other types of video lottery and casino systems by centralizing both game logic and Random number generation. Game terminals in an SBG system must per definition be authorized and connected to the central system in order to function, something that is not true for systems where all critical game components reside locally in the terminal.
History.
SBG shares its roots with Server Supported Gaming (SSG). Both types of systems are examples of server centric gaming, which means that they share some similarities. Server centric gaming combines classic video poker and video lottery with features of a modern client-server computer network. Compared to traditional standalone slot machines, SBG and SSG systems facilitate automated remote game and configuration management for example.
SBG further builds upon the server centric gaming concept with technology and design principles from thin client computing and online gaming, thus making it fundamentally different from SSG which employs thick client game terminals that have more in common with standalone terminals. The development of SBG has been driven by technological advancements and the benefits made possible thereof.
"For example, a system described in U.S. Pat. No. 6,409,602 is known as a casino game system of this sort. This system comprises a server and a plurality of clients, and the server can execute a plurality of game programs. Each client can access the plurality of game programs that the server executes, and a game image created by the accessed game program is displayed on a display unit of the client. Thereafter, a player can play a game from the game program being executed by the server by performing the game operation to the client. A typical conventional casino game system comprises a plurality of independent game devices, and each game device independently executes a game program. According to the system described in U.S. Pat. No. 6,409,602, most of the functions that each game device in this typical conventional casino game system is equipped with can be centralized in the server. In this way, each client only needs to be equipped with minimum functions, i.e. user interfaces (display unit and operation accepting unit) and a communication function that enables communication with the server. This dramatically reduces the costs for both hardware and software in the entire casino game system."
"CASINO GAME SYSTEM AND CASINO GAME TERMINAL THAT CAN BE USED THEREIN", United States Patent Application 20070213134, "Background of the Invention" section.
Benefits.
SBG represents a paradigm shift from both standalone terminals and SSG because game logic and RNG reside on the server in an SBG system. Frequently mentioned benefits of SBG include:
Certification and legality.
GLI (Gaming Laboratories International) has created a standard (GLI #21) which includes requirements and definitions for Server Centric Gaming systems, referred to as Client-Server Systems (CSS). GLI differentiates between Server Based Gaming Systems (SBGS) and Server Supported Gaming Systems (SSGS). GLI defines SBGS as “The combination of a server and client terminals in which the entire or integral portion of game content resides on the server.” SSGS is defined as “The combination of a server and client terminal(s) which together allow the transfer of the entire control program and game content to the client terminal(s)…”
GLI certifies SBG and SSG systems according to the GLI #21 standard, something which is a requirement by many operators and jurisdictions for them to consider and allow such systems. Currently SBG systems are allowed in several countries and US states, both through GLI certification and local legislation.
SBG systems in operation.
There are several server centric systems in production all over the world. Most of these are SSG systems, though they are often referred to as SBG systems. The video lottery system of the Norwegian state owned lottery Norsk Tipping is an example of an actual SBG system currently in operation.

</doc>
<doc id="19779904" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19779904" title="Qiyaslı, Qubadli">
Qiyaslı, Qubadli

Qiyaslı, Qubadli may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19779906" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19779906" title="Charles Boudroit">
Charles Boudroit

Charles Boudroit (1822 – June 30, 1883) was a mariner and political figure in Nova Scotia, Canada. He represented Richmond County in the Nova Scotia House of Assembly from 1874 to 1878 as an independent member.
He was born in Arichat, Nova Scotia, of Acadian descent, and educated there. In 1845, he married Charlotte Forest. He was first elected to the provincial assembly in an 1874 by-election held after Edmund Power Flynn was elected to the House of Commons. In 1878, Boudroit was named to the province's Legislative Council. He died in Liscomb, Guysborough County, Nova Scotia.

</doc>
<doc id="19779931" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19779931" title="Sticks and Stones (Tracy Lawrence song)">
Sticks and Stones (Tracy Lawrence song)

"Sticks and Stones" is a song written by Elbert West and Roger Dillon, and recorded by American country music artist Tracy Lawrence. It was released in November 1991 as the title track and first single from Lawrence's debut album "Sticks and Stones". In January 1992, it became his first Number One hit on the "Billboard" country singles charts and on the Canadian "RPM" Country Tracks chart.
Content.
"Sticks and Stones" is a moderate up-tempo with electric guitar and fiddle backing. In it, the male narrator addresses a lover who has just broken up with him. He tells her that she can take all the possessions that she wants, even though he is so heartbroken.
According to Allmusic, the song's success was due in part to publicity that Lawrence had received after being shot in the knee and pelvis while trying to protect his girlfriend.
Music video.
This was Tracy Lawrence's first music video and it was directed by Richard Jernigan and premiered in late 1991.

</doc>
<doc id="19779939" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19779939" title="Deanna Sirlin">
Deanna Sirlin

Deanna Sirlin (born March 7, 1958) is an American contemporary artist best known for her large-scale digital transparent installations. Sirlin's art has been shown all over the world and includes massive installations that dominate entire buildings in Venice, Italy, Atlanta, Georgia, London, England, Antalya, Turkey, and New Orleans, Louisiana.
Education.
Born in Brooklyn, New York, Sirlin attended the Brooklyn Museum Art School and earned a BA in Art from the State University of New York at Albany (1978). While at SUNY, Sirlin studied under Mark Greenwald. Sirlin earned an MFA in Painting from Queens College, City University of New York (1980), where she studied under artist Gabriel Laderman and art critic Robert Pincus-Witten. In 1982, Sirlin was a Yaddo Fellow.
Career.
Sirlin has been an art critic for "Art Papers Magazine" since 1993. Currently she is the editor-in-chief of The Art Section. She was interviewed by UPN in 2005.
Sirlin is noted for large-scale paintings of abstract shapes and bright colors. She has created large glass sculptures. She is noted for her Metal Paintings.
Exhibitions.
Sirlin is an internationally exhibited artist. In 2002, she was artist in residence as part of the sister cities program in Nuremberg, Germany. Sirlin had an exhibition at the Antalya Cultural Center in Turkey. She has been twice invited to participate in the Shenzhen Biennial. In 2006 she had a solo exhibition at the Centre for Recent Drawing in London, UK. In 2007 she participated in C4RD's online residency, "From One To Another". Sirlin was in the exhibition Genius Loci in Venice, Italy. Sirlin has a large-scale permanent instillation that is part of Ca' Foscari University of Venice.
Installations.
Sirlin is perhaps best known for her pivotal installation "Retracings," which encompassed virtually the entire glass front of Atlanta's High Museum of Art in 1999. She is included in the High Museum of Arts permanent collection. She is in the collections of Larson-Juhl, United Airlines, General Electric, Atlanta Contemporary Art Center, and Macon Museum of Arts and Sciences. She has a large-scale commission memorial at Agnes Scott College in Decatur, Georgia.

</doc>
