<doc id="19629595" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19629595" title="The New Loretta Young Show">
The New Loretta Young Show

The New Loretta Young Show, is an American television series, which aired for twenty-six weekly episodes on CBS television from September 24, 1962 to March 18, 1963, features Loretta Young in a combination drama and situation comedy about a free-lance writer in suburban Connecticut named Christine Massey, the widowed mother of seven children. The program is the only one in which Young starred as a recurring character. Her previous anthology series on NBC (1953–1961) placed her in the role of hostess and occasional star. Young is the first star to garner both Academy and Emmy awards, one of a relatively few to make the transition from motion picture to television.
Though it followed the popular "The Andy Griffith Show" on CBS, "The New Loretta Young Show", sponsored by Lever Brothers, proved unable to sustain the needed audience in competition at 10 p.m. Eastern time on Mondays with the ABC medical drama "Ben Casey" starring Vince Edwards and Sam Jaffe, which entered its second season. NBC fielded "David Brinkley's Journal" at the same time, reflections of the news correspondent David Brinkley. "The New Loretta Young Show" was hence quietly dropped at the end of winter in 1963. Young had formed LYL Production Company for the series, an indication that she did not expect a premature end to the program. Norman Foster directed most of the episodes; John London and Ruth Roberts were the producers.
The Massey children include twin sons and five daughters. Actual twins Dack Rambo and Dirk Rambo, then twenty-one, played Peter and Paul, respectively. The daughters were Celia Kaye as Marnie, Sandy Descher as Judy, Tracy Stratford as Maria, Carol Sydes as Binkie, and Beverly Washburn as Vickie. Washburn appeared earlier in the film "Old Yeller".
James Philbrook, formerly on ABC's "The Islanders", which actually aired opposite the original "The Loretta Young Show", played Young's romantic interest, magazine publisher Paul Beltzer, who was some ten years her junior. The couple married in the final episode on March 18, 1963, which was entitled "When You Are Near". Several episodes featured the Beltzer character getting accustomed to the idea of becoming a stepfather to seven children. The program also featured a character Haskell, played by Ted Knight.
In the premiere episode entitled "America at Home", a television interview program fictional version of CBS' "Person to Person" visits the Masseys in their home, but all are missing. The whole family had taken Maria, who had German measles, to a doctor around the corner. When the host comments about their doing everything together, Christine responds that she discouraged "synthetic togetherness" and that parents should encourage individualism and provide a set of moral values by example. Christine also indicates that she cannot be mother and father to the children, only the mother. Her comments bring a deluge of telephone calls to the television station. The episode serves to introduce all of the Masseys to the audience and to provide a glimpse of their life-style and varied personalities. Young allowed her younger son, Peter Lewis, a small role as a guitarist in the first segment.
As with her NBC anthology, Young made short remarks at the beginning and end of each episode in this series too, something other half-hour programs never did. Critics said the comments were often unnecessary, even pretentious, and that the time could have been better utilized within each episodes. Some of the episodes appear disjointed, possibly because of the overlap of such a large cast. In one episode there is a school election and then the psychotic boyfriend of the older daughter, Marnie, is shown waving a pistol.
All episodes of the series under the title "The New Loretta Young Show: Christine's Children" (which were remastered from Loretta's personal collection) are available in a four-disc collection.

</doc>
<doc id="19629608" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19629608" title="KKCL">
KKCL

KKCL (98.1 FM, "Kool 98") is a radio station broadcasting an oldies format. Licensed to Lorenzo, Texas and serving Lubbock, Texas, USA, the station is currently under ownership of Townsquare Media.
Two applications were filed for the channel that is now used by KKCL. A class A on 98.3 was allocated to Ralls, Texas. One filed for a class A in Ralls and the winner "KB Radio" (partnership of Bryan King and Steve Bumpous) filed for a new station in Lorenzo, Texas (in those days a channel in the FCC table of allotments could be used in the listed city or in an unlisted city within a range of 10–15 miles depending on class of station) which went on as KVOQ in 1984. The station ran round the clock from a studio and tower near the Lubbock (Idalou) Speedway racetrack.
BK arranged to move the station to a new site and adjacent channel for an upgraded signal on 98.1. This new construction permit was sold to Anthony Brandon in 1986, and studios moved to Park Tower at 28th and Avenue Q in Lubbock. The station was variously adult contemporary, easy listening, and finally oldies (with Rush Limbaugh) which finally put it on the map.
The station was sold to the Hicks family interests that eventually rolled up into Clear Channel Communications. Clear Channel sold the station to Gap Broadcasting in 2007; what eventually became Gap Central Broadcasting (following the formation of GapWest Broadcasting) was folded into Townsquare Media on August 13, 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="19629636" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19629636" title="Elon Howard Eaton">
Elon Howard Eaton

Elon Howard Eaton (sometimes Elon Eton; 8 October 1866 – 27 March 1934) was an American ornithologist, scholar, and author.
He was born in the Town of Collins near Springville, New York, the son of Lucien Eaton and Sophie Newton. As a youth, he took a taxidermy course in Buffalo, New York, where he prepared wildlife he had taken in the field with his shotgun. 
Eaton was home-schooled and self-taught in rural southern Erie County, although he also attended the Griffith Institute in nearby Springville. He attended the University of Rochester where he graduated in 1890 with a B.A. Subsequently, Eaton received an M.A (1893), M.Sc. (1911) and Sc.D. (1927), all from Rochester. After teaching science in local schools, he attended Columbia University (1899–1900) for additional graduate work, studying paleontology under Henry Fairfield Osborn.
Eaton established the biology department in Hobart and William Smith Colleges in 1908, where he taught until his death. He was the New York State ornithologist from 1908 to 1911. Each May he led a group of students and fellow ornithologists on a bird survey of Potter Swamp.
Part of the delay between volume one and volume two of "Birds of New York" was due to his marriage in 1909 to Gertrude Yeames and a heart attack in 1913. The publication of this work elicited many letters to Eaton, including one from the then-young Roger Tory Peterson. In 1915, Eaton later married second time, to Ester Woodman. His two marriages produced four children.
Elon Eaton also enjoyed a sporting life. Game taken in the field Eaton prepared himself for dinner parties.
Eaton died in Geneva, New York of atherosclerosis.

</doc>
<doc id="19629641" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19629641" title="Pederasty">
Pederasty

Pederasty or paederasty ( or ) is a (usually erotic) homosexual relationship between an adult male and a pubescent or adolescent male. The word "pederasty" derives from Greek ("") "love of boys", a compound derived from ("pais") "child, boy" and ("erastēs") "lover".
Historically, pederasty has existed as a variety of customs and practices within different cultures. The status of pederasty has changed over the course of history, at times considered an ideal and at other times a crime. In the history of Europe, its most structured cultural manifestation was Athenian pederasty, and became most prominent in the 6th century BC. Greek pederasty's various forms were the subject of philosophic debates in which the carnal type was unfavorably compared with erotic yet spiritual and moderate forms.
The legal status of pederasty in most countries is currently determined by whether or not the boy has reached the local age of consent. Illegal forms of pederasty fall under child sexual abuse.
Expressions.
Anthropologists propose three subdivisions of homosexuality as age-structured, egalitarian and gender-structured. Pederasty is the archetypal example of male age-structured homosexuality.
Geoffrey Gorer and others distinguish pederasty from pedophilia, which he defined as a separate fourth type that he described as "grossly pathological in all societies of which we have record." According to Gorer, the main characteristic of homosexual pederasty is the age difference (either of generation or age-group) between the partners. In his study of native cultures pederasty appears typically as a passing stage in which the adolescent is the beloved of an older male, remains as such until he reaches a certain developmental threshold, after which he in turn takes on an adolescent beloved of his own. This model is judged by Gorer as socially viable, i.e. not likely to give rise to psychological discomfort or neuroses for all or most males. He adds that in many societies, pederasty has been the main subject of the arts and the main source of tender and elevated emotions.
Pederastic practices have been utilized for the purpose of coming-of-age rituals, the acquisition of virility and manly virtue, education, and development of military skill and ethics. These were often paralleled by the commercial use of boys for sexual gratification, going as far as enslavement and castration. The evanescent beauty of adolescent boys has been a topos in poetry and art, from Classical times to the Middle East, the Near East and Central Asia, imperial China, pre-modern Japan, the European Renaissance and into modern times.
The Western model of age-similar homosexual relations, currently prevalent in modern industrialized societies, is seen by researchers as a departure from this norm since it has rarely appeared as a pattern in other times and places. Unlike the other models, it ‘assumes that homosexuality is not merely a behavior, but something innate to a person’s real being.’
Age range.
Some modern observers restrict the age of the younger partner to "generally between twelve and seventeen", though historically the spread was somewhat greater. The younger partner must, in some sense, not be fully mature; this could include young men in their late teens or early twenties.
While relationships in ancient Greece involved boys from 12 to about 17 or 18 (Cantarella, 1992), in Renaissance Italy they typically involved boys between 14 and 19, and in Japan the younger member ranged in age from 11 to about 19 (Saikaku, 1990; Schalow, 1989).
Historical synopsis.
In antiquity, pederasty was seen as an educational institution for the inculcation of moral and cultural values in some cultures, as well as a form of sexual expression. Its practice dates from the Archaic period onwards in Ancient Greece, though Cretan ritual objects reflecting an already formalized practice date to the late Minoan civilization, around 1650 BC. According to Plato, in ancient Greece, pederasty was a relationship and bond – whether sexual or chaste – between an adolescent boy and an adult man outside of his immediate family. While most Greek men engaged in relations with both women and boys, exceptions to the rule were known, some avoiding relations with women, and others rejecting relations with boys. In Rome, relations with boys took a more informal and less civic path, men either taking advantage of dominant social status to extract sexual favors from their social inferiors, or carrying on illicit relationships with freeborn boys.
Analogous relations were documented among other ancient peoples, such as the Thracians, and the Celts. According to Plutarch, the ancient Persians, too, had long practiced it, an opinion seconded by Sextus Empiricus who asserted that the laws of the Persians "recommended" the practice. Herodotus, however, asserts they learned copulation with boys "(παισὶ μίσγονται)" from the Greeks, by the use of that term reducing their practice to what John Addington Symonds describes as the "vicious form" of pederasty, as opposed to the more restrained and cultured one valued by the Greeks. Plutarch, however, counters Herodotus by pointing out that the Persians had been castrating boys long before being exposed to the mores of the Greeks.
Opposition to the carnal aspects of pederasty existed concurrently with the practice, both within and outside of the cultures in which it was found. Among the Greeks, a few cities prohibited it, and in others, such as Sparta, only the chaste form of pederasty was permitted, according to Xenophon and others. Likewise, Plato's writings devalue and finally condemn sexual intercourse with the boys one loved, while valuing the self-disciplined lover who abstained from consummating the relationship.
Judaism and Christianity also condemned sodomy (while defining that term variously), a theme later promulgated by Islam and, later still, by the Baha'i Faith. Within the Baha'i faith, pederasty is the only mention of any type of homosexuality by Bahá'u'lláh. "We shrink, for very shame, from treating of the subject of boys [...] Commit not that which is forbidden you in Our Holy Tablet, and be not of those who rove distractedly in the wilderness of their desires."
Within this blanket condemnation of sodomy, pederasty in particular was a target. The 2nd-century preacher Clement of Alexandria used divine pederasty as an indictment of Greek religion and the mythological figures of Herakles, Apollo, Poseidon, Laius, and Zeus: "For your gods did not abstain even from boys. One loved Hylas, another Hyacinthus, another Pelops, another Chrysippus, another Ganymedes. These are the gods your wives are to worship!" Early legal codes prescribed harsh penalties for violators. The law code of the Visigothic king Chindasuinth called for both partners to be "emasculated without delay, and be delivered up to the bishop of the diocese where the deed was committed to be placed in solitary confinement in a prison." These punishments were often linked to the penance given after the Sacrament of Confession. At Rome, the punishment was burning at the stake since the time of Theodosius I (390). Nonetheless the practice continued to surface, giving rise to proverbs such as "With wine and boys around, the monks have no need of the Devil to tempt them," an early Christian saying from the Middle East.
Pederasty was notable in Moorish Spain, and Tuscany and northern Italy during the Renaissance. and also medieval and Tsarist Russia.
Elsewhere, it was practiced in pre-Modern Japan until the Meiji restoration.
Sexual expression between adults and adolescents is not well studied and since the 1990s has been often conflated with pedophilia. Nonetheless, such relationships have raised issues of morality and functionality, agency for the youth, and parental authority. They also raise issues of legality in those cases where the consenting minor is below the legal age of consent. Homosexual pederasty has been deemed beneficial by some ancient philosophers, Japanese samurai, and modern writers such as Oscar Wilde. In many societies, it was justified on the grounds that love was the best foundation for teaching courage as well as civic and cultural values, and that man–boy relations were superior to relations with a woman.
Etymology and usage.
“Pederasty” derives from the combination of “” (the Greek stem for "boy" or "child") with “” (Greek for "lover"; cf. “eros”). Late Latin “pæderasta” was borrowed in the 16th century directly from Plato’s classical Greek in "The Symposium." (Latin transliterates “” as “ae”.) The word first appeared in the English language during the Renaissance, as “pæderastie” (e.g. in Samuel Purchas' "Pilgrimage."), in the sense of sexual relations between men and boys. Beside its use in the classical sense, the term has also been used as a synonym for anal sex, irrespective of the nature of the partner. A 19th-century sexological treatise discusses men practicing the "insertion of the penis into the anus of women," as "pederasty with their wives." Additionally, the term has been used to refer to any homosexual activity, regardless of the participants' ages. Jeremy Bentham used the term in this broader sense in an essay dating from the 18th century.
The commonly accepted reference definitions of pederasty refer to a sexual relationship, or to copulation, between older and younger males. The OED offers: "Homosexual relations between a man and a boy; homosexual anal intercourse, usually with a boy or younger man as the passive partner." The concise OED has: “Sexual intercourse between a man and a boy.” When describing pederasts, some focus solely on the mechanics of copulation, such as the "Merriam-Webster" (on-line edition): “one who practices anal intercourse especially with a boy”. Other dictionaries offer a more general definition, such as "homosexual relations between men and boys" or "homosexual relations, especially between a male adult and a boy or young man." The limitation of pederasty to anal sex with a boy is contested by sexologists. Francoeur regards it as "common but incorrect," while Haeberle describes it as "a modern usage resulting from a misunderstanding of the original term and ignorance of its historical implications."
Academic and social studies sources propose more expansive definitions of the term. The Encyclopedia of Gay, Lesbian, Bisexual, Transgender & Queer Culture offers “The erotic relationship between an adult male and a youth, generally one between the ages of twelve and seventeen, in which the older partner is attracted to the younger one who returns his affection.” The Encyclopedia of Homosexuality suggests "Pederasty is the erotic relationship between an adult male and a boy, generally one between the ages of twelve and seventeen, in which the older partner is attracted to the younger one who returns his affection, whether or not the liaison leads to overt sexual contact."
Social class factors.
In Athens, the slaves were expressly forbidden from entering into pederastic relations with the free-born boys. In medieval Islamic civilization, pederastic relations "were so readily accepted in upper-class circles that there was often little or no effort to conceal their existence."
The ancient world.
The Greeks.
Plato was an early critic of sexual intercourse in pederastic relationships, proposing that men's love of boys avoid all carnal expression and instead progress from admiration of the lover's specific virtues to love of virtue itself in abstract form. While copulation with boys was often criticized and seen as shameful and brutish, other aspects of the relationship were considered beneficial, as indicated in proverbs such as "A lover is the best friend a boy will ever have."
The pederastic relationship had to be approved by the boy's father. Boys entered into such relationships in their teens, around the same age that Greek girls were given in marriage. The mentor was expected to teach the young man or to see to his education, and to give him certain appropriate ceremonial gifts.
The physical dimension ranged from fully chaste to sexual intercourse. Pederastic art shows seduction scenes as well as sexual relations. In the seduction scenes the man is standing, grasping the boy's chin with one hand and reaching to fondle his genitals with the other. In the sexual scenes, the partners stand embracing face to face, the older of the two engaged in intercrural sex with the younger, who (usually but not always) does not show arousal. Anal sex is almost never shown, and then only as something eliciting surprise in the observers. The practice was ostensibly disparaged, the Athenians often naming it jocularly after their Dorian neighbors ("cretanize," "laconize," "chalcidize"). While historians such as Dover and Halperin hold that only the man experienced pleasure, art and poetry indicate reciprocation of desire, and other historians assert that it is "a modern fairy tale that the younger eromenos was never aroused."
Pederastic couples were also said to be feared by tyrants, because the bond between the friends was stronger than that of obedience to a tyrannical ruler. Plutarch gives as examples the Athenians Harmodius and Aristogeiton. Others, such as Aristotle, claimed that the Cretan lawgivers encouraged pederasty as a means of population control, by directing love and sexual desire into relations with males.
The Romans.
From the early Republican times of Ancient Rome, it was perfectly normal for a man to desire and pursue boys. However, penetration was illegal for free born youths; the only boys who were legally allowed to perform as a passive sexual partner were slaves or former slaves known as "freedmen", and then only with regard to their former masters. For slaves there was no protection under the law even against rape.
The result was that in Roman times, pederasty largely lost its function as a ritual part of education and was instead seen as an activity primarily driven by one's sexual desires and competing with desire for women. The social acceptance of pederastic relations waxed and waned during the centuries. Conservative thinkers condemned it — along with other forms of indulgence. Tacitus attacks the Greek customs of "gymnasia et otia et turpes amores" (palaestrae, idleness, and shameful loves). The emperors, however, indulged in male love — most of it of a pederastic nature — almost to a man. As Edward Gibbon mentions, of the first fifteen emperors, "Claudius was the only one whose taste in love was entirely correct" — the implication being that he was the only one not to take men or boys as lovers.
Other writers spent no effort censuring pederasty "per se", but praised or blamed its various aspects. Martial appears to have favored it, going as far as to essentialize not the sexual use of the catamite but his nature as a boy: upon being discovered by his wife "inside a boy" and offered the "same thing" by her, he retorts with a list of mythological personages who, despite being married, took young male lovers, and concludes by rejecting her offer since "a woman merely has two vaginas."
Other venues.
Pederasty in ancient times was not the exclusive domain of the Greeks and Romans. Athenaeus in the "Deipnosophists" states that the Celts also partook and despite the beauty of their women, preferred the love of boys. Some would regularly bed down on their animal skins with a lover on each side. Other writers also attest to Celtic pederasty: Aristotle (Politics, II 6.6. Athen. XIII 603a.), Strabo (iv. 199), and Diodorus Siculus (v. 32)). Some moderns have interpreted Athenaeus as meaning that the Celts had a boy on each side, but that interpretation is questioned by Hubbard, who reads it as meaning that they had a boy one side and a woman on the other. (Hubbard, 2003; p. 79) The Sibylline oracles claim that only the Jews were free from this impurity:
Jews are mindful of holy wedlock,<br>
and they do not engage in impious intercourse with male children,<br>
as do Phoenicians, Egyptians and Romans,<br>
spacious Greece and many nations of other,<br>
Persians and Galatians and all Asia, transgressing<br>
the holy law of immortal God, which they transgressed.
Persian pederasty and its origins was debated even in ancient times. Herodotus claimed they had learned it from the Greeks: "From the Greeks they have learned to lie with boys." However, Plutarch asserts that the Persians used eunuch boys to that end long before contact between the cultures. In either case, Plato claimed they saw fit to forbid it to the inhabitants of the lands they occupied, since "It does not suit the rulers that their subjects should think noble thoughts, nor that they should form the strong friendships and attachments which these activities, and in particular love, tend to produce."
Post-classical and modern forms.
The Middle East and Central Asia.
In pre-modern Islam there was a "widespread conviction that beardless youths possessed a temptation to adult men as a whole, and not merely to a small minority of deviants."
Osman Agha of Temeşvar who fell captive to the Austrians in 1688 wrote in his memoirs that one night an Austrian boy approached him for sex, telling him "for I know all Turks are pederasts".
In 1770s, Âşık Sadık the poet wrote, in an address to the Sultan: "Lût kavmi döğüşür, put kavmi bozar. Askerin lûtîdir, bil Padişahım" ("The people of Lot fight, the people of idolatry spoil. Know, my Sultan, that your soldiers are sodomites"). Studies of Ottoman criminal law, which is based on the Sharia, reveal that persistent sodomy with non-consenting boys was a serious offense and those convicted faced capital punishment.
China.
Men's sexual interest in youths was reflected in prostitution, with young male sex workers fetching higher prices than their female counterparts as recently as the beginning of the 20th century. In Tianjin there were thirty-five male brothels, housing 800 boys, and men from the area were assumed to be expert in anal relations. Athough the superintendent of trade at Guangzhou issued an annual warning to the population against permitting westerners access to boy prostitutes ("do not indulge the Western barbarian with all our best favors"), Europeans were increasingly welcomed in the boy brothels.
In 10th-century China courting male couples consisted of the older qi xiong (契兄) and the younger qi di. (契弟) (The terms mean, literally, sworn elder brother and younger brother. It is very common in the Chinese culture to conceptualize many kinds of alliances as fictive kinship relationships). Boy marriages, which lasted for a set period after which the younger partner would find a wife (often with the help of the older one) appear to have been part of the culture in the province of Fujian in pre-modern times. The marriages were said to have been celebrated by the two families in traditional fashion, including the ritual "nine cups of tea". The popularity of these pederastic relationships in Fujian, where they even had a patron god, Hu Tianbao, gave rise to one of the euphemistic expressions for same-sex love in China, "the southern custom".
Japan.
In Japan, the practice of shudō (衆道), "the Way of the Young", paralleled closely the course of European pederasty. It was prevalent in the religious community and samurai society from the mediaeval period on, and eventually grew to permeate all of society. It fell out of favor around the end of the 19th century, concurrently with the growing European influence.
Its legendary founder is Kūkai, also known as Kōbō Daishi, the founder of the Shingon school of Buddhism, who is said to have brought the teachings of male love over from China, together with the teachings of the Buddha. Monks often entered into love relationships with beautiful youths known as " chigo (稚児)", which were recorded in literary works known as "chigo monogatari (「稚児物語」)".
Korea.
One of the earliest mentions of male attraction to boys is that of Gongmin of Goryeo (r. 1351–1374), the 31st king of the Goryeo dynasty, who was famous for his predilection for falling in love with young boys. After the death of his wife in 1365 he is reputed to have spent his time in the practice of Buddhism and relations with boys, establishing an organization for their recruitment.
Paul Michaut, a French physician writing in 1893, described Korea as a country where "is general, it is part of the mores; it is practiced publicly, in the street, without the least reprobation." He associated its prevalence with that of syphilis which was likewise general.
North America.
"Of the Koniagas of Kodiak Island and the Thinkleets we read, 'The most repugnant of all their practices is that of male concubinage. A Kodiak mother will select her handsomest and most promising boy, and dress and rear him as a girl, teaching him only domestic duties, keeping him at women's work, associating him with women and girls, in order to render his effeminacy complete. Arriving at the age of ten or fifteen years, he is married to some wealthy man who regards such a companion as a great acquisition. These male concubines are called Achnutschik or Schopans' (the authorities quoted being Holmberg, Langsdorff, Billing, Choris, Lisiansky and Marchand). The same is the case in Nutka Sound and the Aleutian Islands, where 'male concubinage obtains throughout, but not to the same extent as amongst the Koniagas.' The male concubines have their beards carefully plucked out as soon as the face-hair begins to grow, and their chins are tattooed like those of the women. In California the first missionaries found the same practice, the youths being called Joya."
Central America.
Though early Mayans are thought to have been strongly antagonistic to same-sex relationships, later Mayan states employed pederastic practices. Their introduction was ascribed to the god Chin. One aspect was that of the father procuring a younger lover for his son. Juan de Torquemada mentions that if the (younger) boy was seduced by a stranger, the penalty was equivalent to that for adultery. Bernal Diaz reported statues of male pairs making love in the temples at Cape Catoche, Yucatan.
Europe.
Pederastic eros in the West, while remaining mostly hidden, has nevertheless revealed itself in a variety of settings. Legal records are one of the more important windows into this secret world, since for much of the time pederastic relations, like other forms of homosexual relations, were illegal. The expression of desire through literature and art, albeit in coded fashion, can also afford a view of the pederastic interests of the author.
Reflecting the conflicted outlook on male loves, some northern European writers ascribed pederastic tendencies to populations in southern latitudes. Richard Francis Burton evolved his theory of the "Sotadic zone", an area bounded roughly by N. Lat. 43° N. Lat. 30°, stretching from the western shores of the Mediterranean Sea to the Pacific Ocean. Likewise, Wilhelm Kroll, writing in the Pauly-Wissowa encyclopaedia in 1906, asserted that "The roots of pederasty are found first of all in the existence of a contrary sexual feeling that is probably more frequent in southern regions than in countries with moderate climates."
The Renaissance.
The Renaissance was a period that saw a rediscovery or renewed interest in the philosophy and art of the Classical period. It also saw a lot of oppression of homosexual and pederastic expressions of attraction by the Roman Catholic Church especially through the machinery of the Inquisition, most infamously the Spanish Inquisition. However the Church could not repress all expressions of pederastic desire. According to an encyclopedia of GLBTQ culture, "The most conventional object of homoerotic desire was the adolescent youth, usually imagined as beardless."
Russia.
Medieval Russia was known for its tolerance towards homosexuality and how widespread it was. As well as other forms of homosexuality, pederasty was very common.
The beardless youth was seen as an alternative to women, and shaving was seen as an invitation to sodomy for men.
The banyas, traditional Russian-style bath houses in particular were places where men would go and have sex with teenage boys who worked there and beat the men with birch branches, and rubbed their backs.
Later on, from the 18th century onwards, the bath houses still thrived and cadet schools and the Page Corps and Imperial School of Jurisprudence were hotbeds of homosexual activity between the boys.
Russia's laws were very lenient compared to those of Western Europe in that homosexuality was made illegal for soldiers at the beginning of the 18th century and was made illegal for the rest of society in the 1830s and even then, the new laws were not strictly enforced, and at the end of the 19th century, St. Petersburg had a thriving gay scene.
England.
In England, public boarding schools, with their homosocial environment, often encouraged an homoerotic atmosphere, due to the emphasis on the Classics, and homosexual relations were formed and quietly accepted, both between the older and younger boys and even between the teachers and the boys. However, there had been some scandals around such relationships. In the mid-19th century, William Johnson Cory, a renowned master at Eton from 1845 until his forced resignation in 1872, evolved a style of pedagogic pederasty which influenced a number of his pupils. His "Ionica," a work of poetry reflecting his pederastic sensibilities, was read in intellectual circles and “made a stir” at Oxford in 1859. Oscar Browning, another Eton master and former student of Cory, followed in his tutor’s footsteps, only to be likewise dismissed in 1875. Both are thought to have influenced Oxford don Walter Pater, whose aesthetics promoted pederasty as the truest expression of classical culture.
Also in 19th-century England, pederasty was a theme in the work of several writers known as the "Uranian poets". Although most of the writers of Uranian poetry and prose are today considered minor literary figures at best, the prominent Uranian representatives --- Walter Pater, Gerard Manley Hopkins, and Oscar Wilde—are figures of worldwide renown. Hopkins and Wilde were both deeply influenced by Pater's work. Wilde wrote of pederastic and homoerotic culture—though not in the "elevated" pederastic sense that it held for Pater and Hopkins—in a number of works. In the case of Hopkins, "Hopkins often was, it must be admitted, strikingly Ruskinian in his love of Aristotelian particulars and their arrangements; however, it was at the foot of Pater -- the foremost Victorian unifier of ‘eros, pedagogy, and aesthetics’—that Hopkins would ever remain." Another notable late 19th-century writer on pederasty was John Addington Symonds, whose essays "A Problem in Greek Ethics" and "A Problem in Modern Ethics" were among the first ever defenses of homosexuality in the English language.
Reaction and retrenchment.
The end of the 19th century saw increasing conflict over the issue of social acceptance of pederasty. A number of other pederastic scandals erupted around this time, such as the one involving the German industrialist Friedrich Alfred Krupp, which drove him to suicide. In the same vein, in a work that was to influence the evolution of communism's attitude towards same-sex love, the German political philosopher Friedrich Engels, Karl Marx's collaborator, denounced the ancient Greeks for "the abominable practice of sodomy" and for degrading "their gods and themselves with the myth of Ganymede".
This strife also involved the Wandervogel movement, a youth organization emphasizing a romantic view of nature. Wandervogel took flight in 1896, the same year that the journal "Der Eigene" went to press. It was published by a twenty-two-year-old German (Adolf Brand), and it advocated classical pederasty as a cure for the moral flabbiness of German youth. Influenced by the ideas of Gustav Wyneken, the Wandervogel movement was quite open about its homoerotic tendencies, although this kind of affection was supposed to be expressed in a nonsexual way. The founding of Young Wandervogel happened largely as a reaction to the public scandal about these erotic tendencies, which were said to alienate young men from women.
Until the 1970s, English "public schools" were walled boarding schools, educating adolescent boys only, with a strong concentration on Greek and Latin classics. They continued to be “hotbeds of pederasty” into the 20th century. C. S. Lewis when talking about his life at Malvern College, an English public school, acknowledged that pederasty "was the only counterpoise to the social struggle; the one oasis (though green only with weeds and moist only with foetid water) in the burning desert of competitive ambition."
In Literature.
The Aeneid.
In the Aeneid of Vergil, Nisus, a Trojan soldier, is in a relationship with Euryalus, a younger Trojan soldier. Although Vergil avoids directly describing the nature of their relationship due to the decorum of the epic poem, the nature of their relationship has been the source of academic discourse. While some believe the relationship to be platonic, others describe it as pederastic.
Modern expressions.
Liminal same-sex love — relations with young people on the threshold of becoming adults — whether for pleasure or to further social goals, is no longer widely practiced in the West. Feminist and postmodern theory describe such relations as an abuse of power when the older partner is in a position of educational, religious, economic, or other form of institutional authority over the younger partner. Pederasty therefore remains widely censured and instances of it have had severe political repercussions (for example, the Mark Foley scandal, or "Pagegate" which broke out in the United States in 2006). 
Some "gay-positive" writers, in their work of interpreting Christian teachings, have concluded that Paul's criticism of same-sex love do not target those for whom such affections come naturally, but rather those who indulge such pleasures by choice, with the example given being "the Hellenistic practice of erotic behavior with young males." Their work suggests that religious opposition to same sex relations should restrict itself to pederastic relationships, with their presumed abuse of power. But a position paper of the Anglican Church of Canada rejects that contention, claiming that,
The Catholic Church is working to stamp out the practice by its priests. On February 2, 1961 the Vatican issued a document, “Instruction on the Careful Selection and Training of Candidates for the States of Perfection and Sacred Orders,” barring from the priesthood anyone who has "perverse inclinations to homosexuality or pederasty."
Child abuse issues.
Though pederasty was once accepted in many cultures, some modern observers have retrospectively labeled it abusive. Enid Bloch argues that many Greek boys who were involved in paederastic relationships may have been harmed by the experience, if the relationship included anal sex. Bloch writes that the boy may have been traumatized by knowing that he was violating social customs. According to her, the "most shameful thing that could happen to any Greek male was penetration by another male." In this respect Bloch is in accord with Greek sexual morality, which also recognized a difference between ethical pederasty which excluded anal sex and "hubristic" pederasty which was believed to debase the boy as well as the man who penetrated him.
Bloch further argues that vases showing "a boy standing perfectly still as a man reaches out for his genitals" indicate the boy may have been "psychologically immobilized, unable to move or run away." Many other vases show the boy running away.
Academic controversy.
An unofficial ban of talking about pederasty in academia was broken only in 1905 by the German historian Erich Bethe with his study "Dorian Boy-Love: Its Ethic, Its Idea." In the USA, as late as 2005, Haworth Press withdrew from publication a volume on homosexuality in classical antiquity titled "Same-Sex Desire and Love in Greco-Roman Antiquity and in the Classical Tradition of the West." This was in response to criticism from American right-wing groups that objected to book's depiction of classical pederasty, as well as to the substance of a chapter by the American academic Bruce Rind which integrated observations from history, anthropology, and zoology, and which was interpreted by some readers as advocating pedophilia.
The publisher, in a letter to the editors, attempted to exonerate Rind from the accusation and conceded that the article was sound, but stood by his decision to withdraw it "to avoid negative press" and "economic repercussions." Later Haworth reversed course and announced that the book and journal would be published, but without Rind's controversial essay. Mr. Rind's essay is to be published in a future "supplementary volume" of "The Journal of Homosexuality", together with counterarguments advanced by his critics. [http://chronicle.com/daily/2005/10/2005101202n.htm]

</doc>
<doc id="19629679" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19629679" title="Chan Kamwilai">
Chan Kamwilai

Chan Kamwilai wrote the lyrics of the Thai National Anthem in 1934, two years after the anthem was first written by Khun Wichitmatra . These lyrics were used between 1934 and 1939.

</doc>
<doc id="19629706" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19629706" title="KQBR">
KQBR

KQBR (99.5 FM, "99.5 Blake FM") is a radio station broadcasting a country music format. Licensed to Lubbock, Texas, USA and broadcasting on FM frequency 99.5 MHz, The station is currently under ownership of Townsquare Media.
Blake FM is a music intensive country music format created by Folgermedia , which is the owner of the Blake FM trademark
History.
99.5 (channel 258) was assigned to Lubbock. It was used in the late '40s and early '50s as KFYO-FM.
The channel was reactivated in 1964 as KWGN-FM in Abernathy, Texas. Power was 57,000 watts at 150 feet from a tower a few miles north of Abernathy (25 miles north of Lubbock). The station was put on by a partnership headed by Clyde Robert "Bob" Stephens, and his brother Raymond V. Stephens. Bob Stephens had worked at KSEL radio, would work at KSEL-TV and KCBD-TV as TV weatherman. Raymond continued in radio throughout Texas and New Mexico.
In 1966 KWGN-FM was approached by Tribune Broadcasting (WGN Chicago "et al.") about changing call letters. Tribune was in the process of acquiring channel 2 KCTO-TV in Denver, CO. They wanted to change to KWGN-TV. KWGN-FM changed to KWGO-FM in exchange for 28,000 dollars. 
In 1970 the station moved its transmitter to 98th and University in Lubbock. Power changed to 44,000 watts and height changed to 740 feet above average terrain. City of license changed to Lubbock, Texas. Studios moved to 17th and K in downtown Lubbock. In 1974 the tower at 98th and University was sold to Ray Moran who was putting 101.1 KTEZ on the air. KTEZ paid to move KWGO to a lower perch on the tower, using less feed line, allowing an increase to 46,000 watts at 630 feet. Studios moved to the Red Raider Inn on a traffic circle (roundabout) where avenue A, H, and Q came together between 66th street and 50th street.
Various partners came and went in the next decade. In 1975, Stephens sold 49% of the station to "Mexican American Services,Inc" for 60,000 dollars. A couple of years later (1977) Stephens sold the other 51% for another 60,000 dollars. KWGO was sold to KRLB, Inc (owner of AM 580 KRLB) in 1980 for 380,000 dollars. In 1982 KRLB Inc. was sold to Ken Dowe of KLIF 1190 Dallas Fame. Dowe owned several stations throughout Texas. He continued co-ownership of KRLB AM/FM (KRLB AM LATER KJBX AM) until the mid '90s when it was sold to South Plains Broadcasting.
In 1985 the station's transmitting location moved to a shared tower spearheaded by KFMX, KFYO, and KLLL, known as the Lubbock Tower.
In the fall of 1999 99-5 changed from KCRM, The Cream of Classic Rock, to KQBR 99-5 The Bear.
May 5, 2012 - Townsquare Media drops "The Bear" branding in favor of '99-5 Blake FM'. Morning show hosts, Rick Gilbert and Jane Prince-Jones and program director Kidd Manning were not retained after the rebranding.

</doc>
<doc id="19629735" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19629735" title="D.C. Cab (soundtrack)">
D.C. Cab (soundtrack)

D.C. Cab (soundtrack) is the original motion picture soundtrack to the film "D.C. Cab", and was released in 1983.
Track listing.
The following songs from the film are not included on the soundtrack album.
Charts.
The album charted on both the "Billboard" pop and R&B charts in 1984, peaking at #181 and 56, respectively. The title song, performed by Peabo Bryson, reached #53 on "Billboard"'s Hot Black Singles chart in March 1984. Irene Cara's track "The Dream" peaked at #37 on the Billboard Hot 100 in February 1984.

</doc>
<doc id="19629763" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19629763" title="Pridi, dala ti bom cvet">
Pridi, dala ti bom cvet

"Pridi, dala ti bom cvet" () is a song that was Yugoslavia's entry at the Eurovision Song Contest 1970. The song marked the third of four occasions in which Yugoslavia's entry was performed in Slovene. The song was sung by 18-year-old Slovenian music newcomer Eva Sršen.
Pesma Evrovizije 1970.
Sršen won the right to compete for Yugoslavia after winning "Pesma Evrovizije 1970", held on February 14, 1970, where she competed against 14 other performers. Sršen performed fifth at the final and at the end of voting, "Pridi, dala ti bom cvet" received 26 points from the nine member jury, placing her first. This allowed the Socialist Republic of Slovenia to represent the whole of Yugoslavia in Amsterdam.
At Eurovision.
At Amsterdam, the song was performed fourth on the night, after Italy's Gianni Morandi with "Occhi di ragazza", and before Belgium's Jean Vallée with "Viens l'oublier." The song uses the metaphor of "flowers," as the singer describes that she is the flower "that nobody can reach but you," the "you" implying her secret love. At the end of judging that evening, "Pridi, dala ti bom cvet" took the eleventh-place slot with four points, all of them awarded to Yugoslavia by the United Kingdom. 
RTÉ commentator Valerie McGovern deemed the performance "simple and ungimmicky," ostensibly compared to the Italian entry performed just previous, which McGovern simply said of it, "It was certainly a happy approach any way he gave it."
Cover version.
In 2010, an a cappella cover version by singer Barbara Mratinkovič (aka "LadyBird Barbara") was produced by Aldo Ivančič and published on Youtube as a retro 1970s-style musical video, directed by Neven Korda.

</doc>
<doc id="19629768" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19629768" title="MCI Mail">
MCI Mail

MCI Mail was a commercial email service that was operated by MCI Communications Corp. (abbreviated "MCI") during the period 1983 - 2003. The service was one of the first commercial email services in the United States.
History.
The MCI Mail service was launched on September 23, 1983, in Washington, DC, during a press conference that was hosted by MCI's founder and Chairman, William G. McGowan. The service was officially decommissioned by MCI at 11:59 p.m. ET on June 30, 2003.
Service Offering.
Electronic Mail.
The service initially allowed users to send electronic text-based messages to other MCI Mail users. MCI Mail also supported read receipts and charge codes, allowing for cost accounting for email.
Later, the service was expanded so that users could send messages to non-MCI Mail users, including users on other public messaging services, such as AT&T Mail, CompuServe, and SprintMail.
Eventually, a gateway to the Internet was also provided. MCI Mail users were assigned an email address of either their MCI Mail ID @mcimail.com (e.g. 218-0241@mcimail.com), their user name @mcimail.com (e.g. bsmith@mcimail.com), or their formal name @mcimail.com (e.g. Bob_Smith@mcimail.com).
Several email software products were developed to facilitate email handling from a PC. These included Lotus Express, Norton Commander's MCI Mail utility, MailRoom from Sierra Solutions, Emma, and MCI's own MCI Mail Express and Express Lite. The email facility in Microsoft Bob also used MCI Mail.
Hardcopy Delivery.
Messages destined to postal addresses were laser printed at an MCI Mail print site, placed in an envelope and mailed via the U.S. Postal Service. The cost was $1 to $2 per page. The service was attractive because there were few affordable letter-quality laser printers available to consumers at the time. Most consumers could only afford low quality dot matrix printers, which were not suitable for business correspondence. It also saved a trip to the post office. 
The service also allowed users to select "overnight" and "4-Hour" delivery options. The "4-hour" service in particular was attractive as no one offered the ability to print a document and have it delivered in this time frame. There were a number of print facilities around the U.S. which offered this service. The most popular locations were New York; Washington, D.C.; and Los Angeles. At one point there was a print facility in Hawaii and they also ventured into the international space with a location in Brussels, Belgium.
The hard copy delivery service was later discontinued due to the high operating cost, the increasing availability of letter-quality home printers, and the increased use of email.
Fax and Telex Dispatch.
MCI Mail also offered gateways to faxing called Fax Dispatch (email to fax, outbound only) and telex called Telex Dispatch (in and outbound).
Additional Services.
Additionally, MCI Mail supported gateways to local area networks by use of its REMS ("Remote Electronic Mail System") addressing. REMS addressing took the form of {display name}|REMS:{rems name}/{network mapping on the email server}. For example, Bob Smith|REMS:XYZCompany/ntserver/email/bsmith.
Access to MCI Mail.
Access to the initial MCI Mail service was provided using a 110-, 300-, 1200-, or 2300-baud (bps) modem connected to a standard telephone land line. The toll-free access number for MCI Mail was (800)444-Mail.
From outside the United States, MCI Mail could be accessed via local packet switching services that were offered by local telephone companies. Around 1990 access was also provided via Infonet's dedicated data network. MCI Mail branded this access service: MCI Mail Global Access.
Sales Channels.
The service was primarily sold using a third-party "agency program". Agents were paid a commission on usage. One of these agents, Gary Oppenheimer, created what is believed to be the first electronically delivered newsletter. Called the PEN (Periodic Electronic Newsletter), it was published from August 1985 until November 1996, and provided both customers and many MCI employees with information on a few features available, as well as hints and tricks for using MCI Mail. The final edition of the PEN newsletter included articles on Concert Packet Switching Service for MCI Mail, MCI Mail Telephone update, Cellular Access to MCI Mail, List of Access Cellular Numbers, Logon Procedures, X.400 Access via Frame Relay, MCI Never Busy Fax, Mailroom/Mailplus & MIME, internetMCI software, domainTNG, Newsgroups/Lists, and Web Surfing via MCI Mail.
Technology.
MCI Mail was a custom software application developed for MCI by DEC (Digital Equipment Corp.) Software Services organization, running under the VMS operations system, initially on VAX 780's.

</doc>
<doc id="19629777" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19629777" title="Southwest Football Conference">
Southwest Football Conference


</doc>
<doc id="19629789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19629789" title="Prince Gaetan, Count of Girgenti">
Prince Gaetan, Count of Girgenti

Prince Gaetan of the Two Sicilies, Count of Girgenti () (12 January 1846, Naples, Two Sicilies – 26 November 1871, Lucerne, Switzerland) was the seventh child of Ferdinand II of the Two Sicilies and his wife Maria Theresa of Austria. Gaetan was a member of the House of Bourbon-Two Sicilies and consort to Isabella, Princess of Asturias, twice the recognized heir presumptive to the throne of Spain. Through this union, Gaetan was created an Infante of Spain.
Marriage and later life.
Gaetan married Isabella, Princess of Asturias, eldest surviving child of Francis, Duke of Cádiz and his wife Isabella II of Spain, on 13 May 1868 in Madrid. Gaetan was a first cousin to both of Isabella's parents. Their union was intended to end a feud between the Neapolitan Bourbons and the Spanish Bourbons following Spain's recognition of the Kingdom of Italy unified under the House of Savoy. The ceremony took place shortly before Spain's Glorious Revolution which brought an end to Isabella II's reign.
Gaetan and Isabella's marriage proved unhappy. For two years, Gaetan traveled throughout Europe visiting relatives in major cities including Vienna. A troubled and depressed man, Gaetan suffered from weak health and epilepsy. He had unsuccessfully attempted suicide at least once before shooting himself in the head in his hotel room in Lucerne, Switzerland. Isabella returned to Spain in 1874 and did not remarry. Their brief union produced no issue.

</doc>
<doc id="19629795" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19629795" title="The Piano Sings">
The Piano Sings

The Piano Sings is a 2005 solo album by Michael Nyman featuring personal interpretations of film music he wrote between 1993 and 2003. It is his second release on his own label, MN Records, and his 49th release overall. The album was released alongside a concert tour.
Nyman's February 2005 statement about the album printed within the booklet is very brief:
All my music starts out as piano music so the opportunity to get back to that essence appealed to me. Hence my desire to make this album a personal signature as a composer/performer. I have deliberately focused on my more song-like music: the album title suggested itself.

</doc>
<doc id="19629806" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19629806" title="List of New Romantics">
List of New Romantics

This is a list of New Romantic artists and people who have either been important to, or linked to, the genre. This list does not include little-known local bands. Bands are listed by the first letter in their name (not including articles such as "a", "an", or "the"). Individuals are listed by last name.
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
See also.
New Romanticism

</doc>
<doc id="19629820" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19629820" title="KTBQ">
KTBQ

KTBQ (107.7 FM, "Q107") is a classic rock formatted radio station serving the Lufkin/Nacogdoches area. Q107 is under ownership of Townsquare Media. Q107 has been the home for Classic Rock in East Texas since 1997. 
History.
In 1989 Ken Williams from Center City Communications purchased KTBC 92.5 from Texan Broadcasting Company Bob Dunn and upgraded to 50 kW and move to 107.7 creating Q107 and changing the calls to KTBQ. Q107 signed on the air in September 1989 as an Adult Contemporary format with Jimbo Powers (Jim Kipping) and JJ Hemmingway programming the station as the areas first Hot AC format. The station signed on with a simulated robotic countdown from 10,077 and Q107 was born. 
In 1991, Ken Williams sold Q107 to George Wilkes and Class Act of Texas. Wilkes made many changes to the station both on and off the air. His changes included changing the station's logo, bringing back Jimbo Powers to program the station (Jimbo had left Q107 a year earlier to pursue an opportunity in Austin), and hiring new account executives when most of the sales staff quit. Wilkes' unfamiliarity with the Lufkin-Nacogdoches radio market, a new and relatively inexperienced sales staff, and a few bad business decisions resulted in a decreased stream of revenue for the struggling station. Wilkes began to consider satellite/computer automation to the dismay of his on-air talent. After two years of Wilkes' ownership, both Jimbo Powers and Chuck Baker left Q107 to pursue opportunities in other radio markets. As air talent departed and revenue continued to decline, Wilkes was left with little choice other than satellite automation.
In late 1993, Q107 was programmed as a satellite station with services coming out of Dallas, TX. During this time of automation, Gary Richards continued as News Director while George Wilkes recorded weather breaks to keep a local sound in the station. In the fall of 1995, Q107 and sister station KSFA-AM merged with KJCS-FM and KEEE-AM forming Class Act of East Texas with KJCS-FM owners the Vance Family of Beaumont, TX. During the spring of 1997, Q107 switched formats from Soft AC to Classic Rock. The summer of 1997 brought the end of the merger between Q107 and KJCS-FM with the Vance family moving KJCS in the middle of the night leaving George Wilkes with Q107 and KSFA-AM. Wilkes sold Q107 and sister station KSFA-AM in the fall of 1997 to Gulfstar Communications in Lufkin; later transactions put the station under the ownership of first Clear Channel Communications, then Gap Broadcasting, and finally Townsquare Media. Gary Richards and John Moring moved with the station as its last remaining employees after the Wilkes sale. Upon the sale of the station to Gulfstar, Steve Rixx became the stations program director while Gary Richards continued as News and Sports Director. Q107 studios moved to Lufkin, TX in the summer of 1998 and is still there present day. 
Most notable personalities on Q107 were Jimbo Powers, JJ Hemmingway, Denny Stone, Shelly Swanzee, Gary Richards, Johnny Walker, Chuck Baker, Jason Pointer, John Swan, Jana Stone, John Moring, Debbie Wylde, Doc Roberts, Eric Raines, Steve Ricks, Walton & Johnson and most recently John Boy & Billy.
On-air personalities.
Weekday personalities include John Boy & Billy (based out of Charlotte, North Carolina) on mornings, Lisa on mid-days, Jen Austin on afternoons, and Lu Valentino (based out of Denver, Colorado) on evenings. Weekend personalities include Jen Austin on mid-day plus programs such as "Flashback" with Bill St. James (based out Chicago, Illinois) on Saturdays and Sunday night shows "House of Blues" and "The Classics".

</doc>
<doc id="19629829" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19629829" title="New Play Control!">
New Play Control!

New Play Control!, known as the in Japan, is a series of Nintendo GameCube games redeveloped by Nintendo for Wii. Games in the New Play Control! series feature a number of enhancements, most notably the implementation of Wii controls with the Wii Remote and Nunchuk, as well as the inclusion of widescreen support and enhanced graphics.
Background.
Nintendo initially announced the Wii de Asobu Selection range of titles in a presentation on October 2, 2008, confirming "Pikmin" and "Donkey Kong Jungle Beat" would launch later in the year, whilst a spokesperson for Nintendo of Europe confirmed days later that the series would also launch in Europe. In Japan, "Pikmin" and "Donkey Kong Jungle Beat" launched in December 2008 and were followed throughout 2009 by "Mario Tennis GC", "Pikmin 2", "Chibi-Robo!" and "". In the same year, New Play Control! launched in Europe, North America and Australia, though not all games were made available worldwide: "Pikmin 2" did not launch in North America until June 2012, when it was released as a Nintendo Selects title instead of a New Play Control! title; "Chibi-Robo!" was never released outside Japan.
Changes.
"Pikmin" and "Pikmin 2" allow players to point and click with the Wii Remote to select and direct units. "Mario Power Tennis" draws on the swinging motions seen in "Wii Sports" to perform various swings, while it is also possible to move the character with the control stick if the Nunchuk is attached. "Metroid Prime" and "Metroid Prime 2: Echoes" use the same control functions as first seen in "". An early prototype of the control scheme had already been used with a technical demo version of "Metroid Prime 2", first seen when the Wii Remote was initially announced.
Other changes have been made to the games other than the updated controls and improved graphics. "Donkey Kong Jungle Beat" features new levels and modified level design for existing levels to give the game a more traditional platforming feel. "Pikmin" allows players to rollback their game saves to previous days, erasing only a recent part of the save file, though this did not carry over to "Pikmin 2". "Metroid Prime" and "Metroid Prime 2: Echoes" feature some of the features introduced in "", including the achievements system, unlockable content and the ability to take screenshots.
Release.
Four of the games - "Donkey Kong Jungle Beat", "Mario Power Tennis", "Pikmin" and "Pikmin 2" - have been universally released as New Play Control! titles. The two "Metroid Prime" games were bundled with "Metroid Prime 3: Corruption" and released in the limited edition "" compilation, which launched in 2009 and was given only one print run, being discontinued soon after release. "Pikmin 2", which was released in Japan, Europe and Australia in 2009, was not released in North America until June 2012, when it and "Mario Power Tennis" were released as budget titles in the Nintendo Selects range; these versions of the games do not feature reversible cover art or the New Play Control! moniker, instead being marketed as classic Nintendo GameCube titles with enhanced Wii controls.
Each game in the New Play Control! series features a standard cover art, explaining the premise of the series, as well as each game's original Nintendo GameCube cover art. Each game's cover art is reversible; reversing the cover shows the original version of the cover art with no New Play Control! branding, except on the game's logo.
Games.
Other ports.
Several other GameCube titles have been partially or completely ported to the Wii:

</doc>
<doc id="19629830" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19629830" title="Nanny state">
Nanny state

Nanny state is a term of British origin (and primary use) that conveys a view that a government or its policies are overprotective or interfering unduly with personal choice. The term "nanny state" likens government to the role that a nanny has in child rearing. An early usage of the term comes from Conservative British MP Iain Macleod who referred to "what I like to call the nanny state" in his column "Quoodle" in the December 3, 1965, edition of "The Spectator". It is defined by Dictionary.com as "a government perceived as authoritarian, interfering, or overprotective" and has also come to be associated with intrusive practices of having the government "baby" the populace by being in charge, in control of, and even financing all of its needs. Some governance claimed to represent a nanny state are those that emerge from application of public health, risk management of health and safety policies.
__NOTOC__
Use of term.
New Zealand.
The term has been used by the New Zealand National Party to describe the policies of their political opponents, the Fifth Labour Government, who were in power from 1999 until 2008. The child policies of the National Party's Paula Bennett were later given the 'nanny state' label by a Maori Community Law Service manager.
Singapore.
The city state of Singapore has a reputation as a nanny state, owing to the considerable number of government regulations and restrictions on its citizens' lives. Former Prime Minister Lee Kuan Yew, the architect of the modern Singapore, observed, "If Singapore is a nanny state, then I am proud to have fostered one."
United Kingdom.
In 2004, King's Fund, an independent think tank, conducted a survey of more than 1,000 people and found that most favoured policies that combatted behaviour such as eating a poor diet and public smoking; this was reported by the BBC as the public favouring a nanny state.
The British Labour Party politician Margaret Hodge has defended policies she acknowledged had been labelled as 'nanny state', saying at a speech to the Institute for Public Policy Research on November 26, 2004, that "some may call it the nanny state but I call it a force for good".
European Commission.
The European Commission has been called a 'nanny state' by Martin Callanan for their banning of mercury in barometers as of June 2007.
United States.
Although the term is undefined in the Merriam-Webster dictionary, it has entered use in the United States over the past decade by some political commentators. For example, in 2006 Dean Baker of the Center for Economic and Policy Research think tank used the term to describe conservative policies that protect the income of the rich; conversely, the term is also used in an at-large sense against the perceived legislative tendencies of Liberal political ideology, with examples such as progressive banishment of tobacco smoking and the enactment of mandatory bicycle helmet laws. David Harsanyi used the term to describe food labeling regulations, the legal drinking age and socially conservative government policies. Another example of criticism was the response to New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg's May 2012 proposal to restrict the sale of soft drinks in venues, restaurants and sidewalk carts to 16 ounces.

</doc>
<doc id="19629834" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19629834" title="Neotropical Bird Club">
Neotropical Bird Club

The Neotropical Bird Club (NBC) is a British-based ornithological and birdwatching club established in 1994 for people interested in the birds of the Neotropics, namely South America, Central America from Mexico to Panama, and the islands of the Caribbean.
Its aims are to foster interest in Neotropical birds among birdwatchers, support conservation in the region, encourage birdwatchers there to contribute to bird conservation, publish articles and notes about the birds, their identification and conservation, focus on priority species and sites, drawing attention to conservation needs, publicise the activities of local individuals and groups, and improve their liaison and collaboration with other birdwatchers.
Publications.
The NBC publishes the biannual scientific journal, "Cotinga" (1994-2009) as well as the biannual magazine Neotropical Birding.

</doc>
<doc id="19629840" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19629840" title="Modesto High School">
Modesto High School

Modesto High School is a public high school in Modesto, California, U.S.A. It offers the International Baccalaureate Program and the Avid program, and was the first public school to do so in the Central Valley of California.
Modesto High School is the oldest high school in Modesto and as of 2013 will be turning 130 years of Panther Pride. 
In 1883, Ruliff Stephen Holway saw the need for a high school that could provide for needs extending beyond a primary grammar education. According to Sol P. Elias, member of the first graduating class of Modesto High School students, R.S. Holway was "a young schoolmaster... with the advantage of a charming character and a sympathetic mind... zeal and personality... (who) guided the pupils almost through the entire course until his departure... to accept a professorship at the University of California." This man, MHS' first principal, was responsible for the education of the entire student body, playing a role of both teacher and administrator before he left to teach in the UC system. Forty pupils comprised the first class organized at the first building located at 14th and I Streets; after four years, ten of these students remained to take part in the first graduation of MHS students. In the succeeding years, the number of seniors receiving diplomas fluctuated greatly; the lowest number occurred in 1893 when no one remained in school all four years to graduate.
The high school moved to its current location in the 1940s.
Sports.
The school offers many sports.
For boys in the fall: Soccer, Football, Water Polo, and Cross Country.
For girls in the fall: Golf, Volleyball, Water Polo, Tennis, and Cross Country.
For boys in the winter: Basketball and Wrestling.
For girls in the winter: Basketball and Wrestling.
For boys in the spring: Baseball, Swimming, Tennis, Golf, and Track.
For girls in the spring: Soccer, Swimming, softball, and Track.

</doc>
<doc id="19629844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19629844" title="Super Chinese I+II Advance">
Super Chinese I+II Advance

Super Chinese I+II Advance is a compilation of remakes of "Super Chinese" and "Super Chinese 2" released in 2004 for the Game Boy Advance. "Super Chinese Labyrinth", a puzzle game, is also included.
Gameplay.
Super Chinese.
"Super Chinese" is action game where the player must defeat a number of enemies in order to advance to the next area. The player has a punching attack and a jumping attack.
Super Chinese 2.
"Super Chinese 2" is vastly different than its predecessor, incorporating role-playing video game elements into the gameplay. The game features random encounter battles with action role-playing game elements, including experience points awarded, which increases the level of the character.
Super Chinese Labyrinth.
"Super Chinese Labyrinth" is a puzzle game featuring the cast of the "Super Chinese" games. The player guides the character through puzzles involving the moving of different colored blocks through obstacles onto colored tiles.

</doc>
<doc id="19629861" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19629861" title="Electra complex">
Electra complex

In Neo-Freudian psychology, the Electra complex, as proposed by Carl Gustav Jung, is a child’s psychosexual competition with her mother for possession of her father. In the course of her psychosexual development, the complex is the girl's phallic stage; formation of a discrete sexual identity, a boy's analogous experience is the Oedipus complex. The Electra complex occurs in the third — phallic stage (ages 3–6) — of five psychosexual development stages: (i) the Oral, (ii) the Anal, (iii) the Phallic, (iv) the Latent, and (v) the Genital — in which the source libido pleasure is in a different erogenous zone of the infant’s body.
In classical psychoanalytic theory, the child's identification with the same-sex parent is the successful resolution of the Electra complex and of the Oedipus complex; his and her key psychological experience to developing a mature sexual role and identity. Sigmund Freud instead proposed that girls and boys resolved their complexes differently — she via penis envy, he via castration anxiety; and that unsuccessful resolutions might lead to neurosis and homosexuality. Hence, women and men who are fixated in the Electra and Oedipal stages of their psychosexual development might be considered "father-fixated" and "mother-fixated" as revealed when the mate (sexual partner) resembles the father or the mother.
Background.
As a psychoanalytic metaphor for daughter–mother psychosexual conflict, the Electra complex derives from the 5th-century BC Greek mythologic character Electra, who plotted matricidal revenge with Orestes, her brother, against Clytemnestra, their mother, and Aegisthus, their stepfather, for their murder of Agamemnon, their father, (cf. "Electra", by Sophocles). Sigmund Freud developed the female aspects of the sexual development theory — describing the psychodynamics of a girl’s sexual competition with mother for sexual possession of father — as the feminine Oedipus attitude and the negative Oedipus complex; yet it was his collaborator Carl Jung who coined the term Electra complex in 1913. Freud rejected Jung's term as psychoanalytically inaccurate: "that what we have said about the Oedipus complex applies with complete strictness to the male child only, and that we are right in rejecting the term 'Electra complex', which seeks to emphasize the analogy between the attitude of the two sexes".
In forming a discrete sexual identity (ego) a girl's decisive psychosexual experience is the Electra complex — daughter–mother competition for possession of father. It is in the phallic stage (ages 3–6), when children become aware of their bodies, the bodies of other children, and the bodies of their parents that they gratify physical curiosity by undressing and exploring each other and their genitals — the erogenous center — of the phallic stage; thereby learning the physical differences between "male" and "female" and the gender differences between "boy" and "girl". When a girl's initial sexual attachment to mother ends upon discovering that she has no penis, she then transfers her libidinal desire (sexual attachment) to father and increases sexual competition with her mother.
Characteristics.
The psychodynamic nature of the daughter–mother relationship in the Electra complex derives from penis envy, caused by mother, who also caused the girl's castration; however, upon re-aligning her sexual attraction to father (heterosexuality), the girl represses the hostile female competition, for fear of losing the love of her mother. This internalization of "Mother" develops the super-ego as the girl establishes a discrete sexual identity (ego). The girl's penis envy is rooted in biologic fact, without a penis, she cannot sexually possess mother, as the infantile id demands. Resultantly, the girl redirects her desire for sexual union upon father, and thus progresses to heterosexual femininity, which culminates in bearing a child who replaces the absent penis. Moreover, after the phallic stage, the girl’s psychosexual development includes transferring her primary erogenous zone from the infantile clitoris to the adult vagina. Freud thus considered the feminine Oedipus attitude ("Electra complex") to be more emotionally intense than the Oedipal conflict of a boy, resulting, potentially, in a woman of submissive, less confident personality.
In both sexes, defense mechanisms provide transitory resolutions of the conflicts between the drives of the Id and the drives of the ego. The first defense mechanism is repression, the blocking of memories, emotional impulses, and ideas from the conscious mind; yet it does not resolve the Id–Ego conflict. The second defense mechanism is identification, by which the child incorporates, to his or her ego, the personality characteristics of the same-sex parent; in so adapting, the girl facilitates identifying with mother, because she understands that, in being females, neither of them possesses a penis, thus are not antagonists. If sexual competition for the opposite-sex parent is unresolved, a phallic-stage fixation might arise, leading a girl to become a woman who continually strives to dominate men (viz. penis envy), either as an unusually seductive woman (high self-esteem) or as an unusually submissive woman (low self-esteem). In a boy, a phallic-stage fixation might lead him to become a vain, over-ambitious man. Therefore, the satisfactory parental handling and resolution of the Electra complex are most important in developing the infantile super-ego, because, by identifying with a parent, the girl internalizes morality; thereby, she chooses to comply with societal rules, rather than being reflexively compelled to comply, for fear of punishment.
Case studies.
The study of patients at a New York state mental hospital, "On the Prognostic Significance of the Mental Content in Manic-Depressive Psychosis" (1921), reports that of 31 manic-depressive patients studied, 22 (70%) had been diagnosed as afflicted with an Electra complex; and that 12 of the 22 patients had regressed to early stages of psychosexual development.
Electra in fiction.
Fiction affords people the opportunity to identify with the protagonists of fantastic stories depicting what might be if they could act upon their desires. Often, in aid to promoting social conformity, the myth, story, stage play, or film presents a story meant to frighten people from acting upon and pursuing their desires. In the course of infantile socialization, fairy tales fulfil said function; boys and girls identify with the hero and heroine in the course of their adventures. Often, the travails of hero and heroine are caused by an (evil) stepmother who is envious of him, her, or both, and will obstruct their fulfilling of desire. Girls, especially in the three-to-six year age range, can especially identify with a heroine for whom the love of a prince charming will sate her penis envy. Moreover, stories such as Cinderella have two maternal figures, the stepmother (society) and the fairy godmother; stepmother represents the girl's feelings towards mother; the fairy godmother teaches the girl that her (step) mother loves her, thus, to have mother’s love, the girl must emulate the good Cinderella, not the wicked stepsisters.
Electra in poetry.
The American poet Sylvia Plath (1932–1963) acknowledged that the poem "Daddy" (1962) is about a woman, afflicted with an unresolved Electra complex, who conflates her dead father and derelict husband in dealing with having been emotionally abandoned. Her biographers noted a psychologic irony about the life of the poet Plath: she knew her father for only eight years, before he died; she knew her husband for eight years, before she killed herself. Her husband was her substitute father, psychosexually apparent when she addresses him (the husband) as the "vampire father" haunting her since his death. In conflating father and husband as one man, Sylvia Plath indicates their emotional equality in her life; the unresolved Electra complex.
Electra in music.
The debut album of alternative rock band A Perfect Circle, Mer de Noms, includes a song, "Orestes" which is a clear reference to the Electra myth.
On their album You're Awful, I Love You, the alternative music group Ludo contains a song titled "Elektra's Complex".
In addition, the album "Electra Heart", by Marina and the Diamonds makes a clear allusion to the Electra complex through its title as well as several of the tracks on the album, all of which explore female sexuality.

</doc>
<doc id="19629864" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19629864" title="James H. Dodson Residence">
James H. Dodson Residence

The James H. Dodson Residence is a Los Angeles Historic-Cultural Monument (HCM #147) located in the San Pedro section of Los Angeles, California, near the Port of Los Angeles. 
The Victorian architecture style house was built in 1881 by the Sepulveda family as a wedding present for their daughter Rudecinda and her husband, James Dodson. It was originally located at the corner of 7th and Beacon Streets. It is a private residence and is not open to the public.

</doc>
<doc id="19629870" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19629870" title="Dion Dowell">
Dion Dowell

Dion Dowell (born June 11, 1985 in Berlin, Germany) is an American professional basketball player. 
A few days before he was released by the Golden State Warriors on October 9, 2008, Dowell played in his first and only National Basketball Association pre-season game for the Warriors. 
A 6'7" forward, Dowell played college basketball at University of Texas. He then transferred to University of Houston and played there for two seasons. 
As a Houston Cougar from 2006 to 2008, Dowell played in 61 games and averaged 11.0 points and 6.4 rebounds per game 
Prior to college, Dowell helped lead his Texas City High School basketball team to the playoffs during his junior and senior seasons. 
As an active and athletic player with a quick second jump and creativity around the basket, Dowell's playing style has been compared to that of another 6'7" forward, Shawn Marion.
Professional Career.
Dion Dowell has joined Hapoel Gilboa Galil Elyon of Israel halfway through 2008\2009 season, and stayed with them also for the next season, during which he has led them to the Israeli Championship, beating Maccabi Tel Aviv in the finals of the Israeli Final Four 
In August 2010, he signed a 2-year contract to play for Hapoel Jerusalem, where he joins his former teammate Brian Randle and Coach Oded Katash

</doc>
<doc id="19629908" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19629908" title="TST Overland Express">
TST Overland Express

TST Overland Express is a less than truckload carrier (LTL) located in Mississauga, Ontario, Canada.
Company.
TST Overland Express is a division of TransForce Inc., Canada's leading transportation and logistics organization. With partner Estes Express Lines, TST provides service throughout Canada and the United States.
Transforce is a Canadian transport and logistics company based in Montreal, Quebec. It operates across Canada through 4 business segments. It has Canada's largest LTL business, largest trucking fleet and ranked 14th in terms of revenue in 2005 among North American LTL carriers (however more recent lists such as [http://www.thefreelibrary.com/State's+largest+trucking+companies+coping+with+tough+economy.-a0195831589] suggest it may be closer to top 5 (2010 1st qtr revenue transforce $466.1 million versus 5th ranked US company $359.9 million)). Its trucking fleet consists of 6700 power units and 12000 trailers. Two thirds of its business comes from operations in Eastern Canada while the rest is from Western Canada.
The company's main source of growth has been complete takeovers (it holds no stakes in other companies) of smaller trucking companies (35 since 1992) which are then made into subsidiaries, though more recently organic growth contributed to the 53% rise in freight in the first half of 2010. In December 2010 Transforce will enter the US market when it agreed in prinicple to purchase Dallas based Dynamex with a $248 million takeover offer. In the 12 months leading up to October 31, 2010 Dynamex made $418 million in revenue (about a quarter as much as Transforce). .
TST Overland remains committed to be a service leader in the competitive LTL truck transportation industry. Service requirements in this current environment require many systems and assets that can encourage better service. In addition TST Overland is the first Canadian carrier to achieve ISO 9002. 
The company has 1,685 Power and Trailing equipment and covers 10 Canadian Provinces and 50 U.S. States

</doc>
<doc id="19629912" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19629912" title="KVLL-FM">
KVLL-FM

KVLL-FM (94.7 FM, "My 94.7") is a radio station serving the Lufkin/Nacogdoches area with an adult contemporary music format. It is under ownership of Townsquare Media.
KVLL-FM was previously airing the True Oldies Channel oldies format. .

</doc>
<doc id="19629920" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19629920" title="Nissan U-R">
Nissan U-R

The Nissan U-R bus was a bus made by Nissan Motors/Datsun in the 1960s, available in two models: the UR-690 and NU-R 690.
Specifications.
Engines.
The UR-690 and NUR-690 buses were rear engine models, powered by a UD3 3-cylinder diesel unit with 3706cc, giving 125 bhp at 2200rpm, and 45.5 kg-m torque at 1400rpm.
Capacity.
The UR-690 is a 67 passenger vehicle, while the NUR-690 carries 63. 
Suspension.
Suspension on both models is by leaf springs front and rear, with shock absorbers on the front only.

</doc>
<doc id="19629934" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19629934" title="Oedipus complex">
Oedipus complex

In psychoanalytic theory, the term Oedipus complex denotes the emotions and ideas that the mind keeps in the unconscious, via dynamic repression, that concentrates upon a child's desire to sexually possess the parent of the opposite sex (e.g. males attracted to their mothers, whereas females are attracted to their fathers). Sigmund Freud, who coined the term "Oedipus complex" believed that the Oedipus complex is a desire for the parent in both males and females; Freud deprecated the term "Electra complex", which was introduced by Carl Gustav Jung in regard to the Oedipus complex manifested in young girls. The Oedipus complex occurs in the third — phallic stage (ages 3–6) — of the five psychosexual development stages: (i) the oral, (ii) the anal, (iii) the phallic, (iv) the latent, and (v) the genital — in which the source of libidinal pleasure is in a different erogenous zone of the infant's body.
In classical Freudian psychoanalytic theory, child's identification with the same-sex parent is the successful resolution of the Oedipus complex and of the Electra complex; key psychological experiences that are necessary for the development of a mature sexual role and identity. Sigmund Freud further proposed that boys and girls experience the complexes differently: boys in a form of castration anxiety, girls in a form of penis envy; and that unsuccessful resolution of the complexes might lead to neurosis, paedophilia, and homosexuality. Men and women who are fixated in the Oedipal and Electra stages of their psychosexual development might be considered "mother-fixated" and "father-fixated". In adult life this can lead to a choice of a sexual partner who resembles one's parent.
Background.
"Oedipus" refers to a 5th-century BC Greek mythlogic character Oedipus, who unwittingly kills his father, Laius, and marries his mother, Jocasta. A play based on the myth, "Oedipus Rex", was written by Sophocles, ca. 429 BC. 
Modern productions of Sophocles' play were staged in Paris and Vienna in the 19th century and were phenomenally successful in the 1880s and 1890s. The Austrian psychiatrist, Sigmund Freud (1856–1939), attended. In his book The Interpretation of Dreams first published in 1899, he proposed that an Oedipal desire is a universal, psychological phenomenon innate (phylogenetic) to human beings, and the cause of much unconscious guilt. He based this on his analysis of his feelings attending the play, his anecdotal observations of neurotic or normal children, and on the fact that the Oedipal Rex play was effective on both ancient and modern audiences (he also claimed the play Hamlet was effective for the same reason). 
Freud described the man Oedipus:
A six-stage chronology of Sigmund Freud's theoretic evolution of the Oedipus complex is:
The Oedipus complex.
In classical psychoanalytic theory, the Oedipus complex occurs during the phallic stage of psychosexual development (age 3–6 years), when also occurs the formation of the libido and the ego; yet it might manifest itself at an earlier age.
In the phallic stage, a boy's decisive psychosexual experience is the Oedipus complex — his son–father competition for possession of mother. It is in this third stage of psychosexual development that the child's genitalia are his or her primary erogenous zone; thus, when children become aware of their bodies, the bodies of other children, and the bodies of their parents, they gratify physical curiosity by undressing and exploring themselves, each other, and their genitals, so learning the anatomic differences between "male" and "female" and the gender differences between "boy" and "girl".
Psychosexual infantilism — Despite mother being the parent who primarily gratifies the child's desires, the child begins forming a discrete sexual identity — "boy", "girl" — that alters the dynamics of the parent and child relationship; the parents become objects of infantile libidinal energy. The boy directs his libido (sexual desire) upon his mother, and directs jealousy and emotional rivalry against his father — because it is he who sleeps with his mother. Moreover, to facilitate union with mother, the boy's id wants to kill father (as did Oedipus), but the pragmatic ego, based upon the reality principle, knows that the father is the stronger of the two males competing to possess the one female. Nonetheless, the boy remains ambivalent about his father's place in the family, which is manifested as fear of castration by the physically greater father; the fear is an irrational, subconscious manifestation of the infantile id.
Psycho-logic defense — In both sexes, defense mechanisms provide transitory resolutions of the conflict between the drives of the id and the drives of the ego. The first defense mechanism is repression, the blocking of memories, emotional impulses, and ideas from the conscious mind; yet its action does not resolve the id–ego conflict. The second defense mechanism is identification, by which the child incorporates, to his or her (super)ego, the personality characteristics of the same-sex parent; in so adapting, the boy diminishes his castration anxiety, because his likeness to father protects him from father's wrath in their maternal rivalry; by so adapting, the girl facilitates identifying with mother, who understands that, in being females, neither of them possesses a penis, and thus are not antagonists.
Dénouement — Unresolved son–father competition for the psycho-sexual possession mother might result in a phallic stage fixation conducive to a boy becoming an aggressive, over-ambitious, vain man. Therefore, the satisfactory parental handling and resolution of the Oedipus complex are most important in developing the male infantile super-ego, because, by identifying with a parent, the boy internalizes Morality, thereby, he chooses to comply with societal rules, rather than reflexively complying in fear of punishment.
Oedipal case study.
In "Analysis of a Phobia in a Five-year-old Boy" (1909), the case study of the equinophobic boy "Little Hans", Freud showed that the relation between Hans's fears — of horses and of his father — derived from external factors, the birth of a sister, and internal factors, the desire of the infantile id to replace father as companion to mother, and guilt for enjoying the masturbation normal to a boy of his age. Moreover, his admitting to wanting to procreate with mother was considered proof of the boy's sexual attraction to the opposite-sex parent; he was a heterosexual male. Yet, the boy Hans was unable to relate fearing horses to fearing his father. As the treating psychoanalyst, Freud noted that "Hans had to be told many things that he could not say himself" and that "he had to be presented with thoughts, which he had, so far, shown no signs of possessing".
Feminine Oedipus attitude.
Initially, Freud equally applied the Oedipus complex to the psychosexual development of boys and girls, but later modified the female aspects of the theory as "feminine Oedipus attitude" and "negative Oedipus complex"; yet, it was his student–collaborator Carl Jung, who, in 1913, proposed the Electra complex to describe a girl's daughter–mother competition for psychosexual possession of the father.
In the phallic stage, a girl's Electra complex is her decisive psychodynamic experience in forming a discrete sexual identity (ego). Whereas a boy develops castration anxiety, a girl develops penis envy rooted in anatomic fact: without a penis, she cannot sexually possess mother, as the infantile id demands. Resultantly, the girl redirects her desire for sexual union upon father, thus progressing to heterosexual femininity, which culminates in bearing a child, who replaces the absent penis. Furthermore, after the phallic stage, the girl's psychosexual development includes transferring her primary erogenous zone from the infantile clitoris to the adult vagina.
Freud thus considered a girl's negative Oedipus complex to be more emotionally intense than that of a boy, resulting, potentially, in a woman of submissive, insecure personality; thus might an unresolved Electra complex, daughter–mother competition for psychosexual possession of father, lead to a phallic-stage fixation conducive to a girl becoming a woman who continually strives to dominate men (viz. penis envy), either as an unusually seductive woman (high self-esteem) or as an unusually submissive woman (low self-esteem). Therefore, the satisfactory parental handling and resolution of the Electra complex are most important in developing the female infantile super-ego, because, by identifying with a parent, the girl internalizes Morality; thereby, she chooses to comply with societal rules, rather than reflexively complying in fear of punishment.
Freudian theoretic revision.
When Sigmund Freud (1856–1939) proposed that the Oedipus complex was psychologically universal, he provoked the evolution of Freudian psychology and the psychoanalytic treatment method, by collaborator and competitor alike.
Carl Jung.
In countering Freud's proposal that the psychosexual development of boys and girls is equal, that each initially experiences sexual desire (libido) for mother, and aggression towards father, student–collaborator Carl Jung counter-proposed that girls experienced desire for father and aggression towards mother via the Electra complex — derived from the 5th-century BC Greek mythologic character Electra, who plotted matricidal revenge with Orestes, her brother, against Clytemnestra, their mother, and Aegisthus, their stepfather, for their murder of Agamemnon, her father, (cf. "Electra", by Sophocles).
Moreover, because it is native to Freudian psychology, orthodox Jungian psychology uses the term "Oedipus complex" only to denote a boy's psychosexual development.
Otto Rank.
In classical Freudian psychology the super-ego, "the heir to the Oedipus complex", is formed as the infant boy internalizes the familial rules of his father. In contrast, in the early 1920s, using the term "pre-Oedipal", Otto Rank proposed that a boy's powerful mother was the source of the super-ego, in the course of normal psychosexual development. Rank's theoretic conflict with Freud excluded him from the Freudian inner circle; nonetheless, he later developed the psychodynamic Object relations theory in 1925.
Melanie Klein.
Whereas Freud proposed that father (the paternal phallus) was central to infantile and adult psychosexual development, Melanie Klein concentrated upon the early maternal relationship, proposing that Oedipal manifestations are perceptible in the first year of life, the oral stage. Her proposal was part of the Controversial discussions (1942–44) at the British Psychoanalytical Association. The Kleinian psychologists proposed that "underlying the Oedipus complex, as Freud described it . . . there is an earlier layer of more primitive relationships with the Oedipal couple". Moreover, Klein's work lessened the central role of the Oedipus complex, with the concept of the depressive position.
Wilfred Bion.
"For the post–Kleinian Bion, the myth of Oedipus concerns investigatory curiosity — the quest for knowledge — rather than sexual difference; the other main character in the Oedipal drama becomes Tiresias (the false hypothesis erected against anxiety about a new theory)". Resultantly, "Bion regarded the central crime of Oedipus as his insistence on knowing the truth at all costs".
Jacques Lacan.
From the postmodern perspective, Jacques Lacan argued against removing the Oedipus complex from the center of psychosexual developmental experience. He considered "the Oedipus complex — in so far as we continue to recognize it as covering the whole field of our experience with its signification . . . superimposes the kingdom of culture" upon the person, marking his or her introduction to symbolic order.
Thus "a child learns what power independent of itself is as it goes through the Oedipus complex . . . encountering the existence of a symbolic system independent of itself". Moreover, Lacan's proposal that "the ternary relation of the Oedipus complex" liberates the "prisoner of the dual relationship" of the son–mother relationship proved useful to later psychoanalysts; thus, for Bollas, the "achievement" of the Oedipus complex is that the "child comes to understand something about the oddity of possessing one's own mind . . . discovers the multiplicity of points of view". Likewise, for Ronald Britton, "if the link between the parents perceived in love and hate can be tolerated in the child's mind . . . this provides us with a capacity for seeing us in interaction with others, and . . . for reflecting on ourselves, whilst being ourselves". As such, in "The Dove that Returns, the Dove that Vanishes" (2000), Michael Parsons proposed that such a perspective permits viewing "the Oedipus complex as a life-long developmental challenge . . . new kinds of Oedipal configurations that belong to later life".
In 1920, Sigmund Freud wrote that "with the progress of psychoanalytic studies the importance of the Oedipus complex has become, more and more, clearly evident; its recognition has become the "shibboleth" that distinguishes the adherents of psychoanalysis from its opponents"; thereby it remained a theoretic cornerstone of psychoanalysis until about 1930, when psychoanalysts began investigating the pre-Oedipal son–mother relationship within the theory of psychosexual development. Janet Malcolm reports that by the late 20th century, to the object relations psychology "avant-garde, the events of the Oedipal period are pallid and inconsequential, in comparison with the cliff-hanging psychodramas of infancy. . . . For Kohut, as for Winnicott and Balint, the Oedipus complex is an irrelevance in the treatment of severe pathology". Nonetheless, ego psychology continued to maintain that "the Oedipal period — roughly three-and-a-half to six years — is like Lorenz standing in front of the chick, it is the most formative, significant, moulding experience of human life . . . If you take a person's adult life — his love, his work, his hobbies, his ambitions — they all point back to the Oedipus complex".
Criticism.
Certain contemporary psychoanalysts agree with the idea of the Oedipus complex to different degrees; Hans Keller proposed it is so "at least in Western societies"; and others consider that ethnologists already have established its temporal and geographic universality. Nonetheless, few psychoanalysts disagree that the "child then entered an Oedipal phase . . . involved an acute awareness of a complicated triangle involving mother, father, and child" and that "both positive and negative Oedipal themes are typically observable in development". Despite evidence of parent–child conflict, the evolutionary psychologists Martin Daly and Margo Wilson note that it is not for sexual possession of the opposite sex-parent; thus, in "Homicide" (1988), they proposed that the Oedipus complex yields few testable predictions, because they found no evidence of the Oedipus complex in people.
In "No More Silly Love Songs: A Realist's Guide to Romance" (2010), Anouchka Grose says that "a large number of people, these days believe that Freud's Oedipus complex is defunct . . . 'disproven', or simply found unnecessary, sometime in the last century". Moreover, from the post-modern perspective, Grose contends that "the Oedipus complex isn't really like that. It's more a way of explaining how human beings are socialised . . . learning to deal with disappointment". The elementary understanding being that "You have to stop trying to be everything for your primary career, and get on with being something for the rest of the world". Nonetheless, the open question remains whether or not such a post–Lacanian interpretation "stretches the Oedipus complex to a point where it almost doesn't look like Freud's any more".
Parent-child and sibling-sibling incestuous unions are almost universally forbidden. An explanation for this incest taboo is that rather than instinctual sexual desire there is instinctual sexual aversion against these unions (See Westermarck effect). Steven Pinker wrote that "The idea that boys want to sleep with their mothers strikes most men as the silliest thing they have ever heard. Obviously, it did not seem so to Freud, who wrote that as a boy he once had an erotic reaction to watching his mother dressing. But Freud had a wet-nurse, and may not have experienced the early intimacy that would have tipped off his perceptual system that Mrs. Freud was his mother."

</doc>
<doc id="19629960" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19629960" title="Music in ancient India">
Music in ancient India

Music in ancient India, encompassing the modern-day Indian subcontinent of India, Pakistan, and Bangladesh, can be reproduced from written works dating to the Indian classical period, such as the "Nātya Shastra", and through surviving examples of liturgical music such as the hymns of the Samaveda. Musical instruments dating to the prehistoric period have been recovered from archaeological excavations.
Prehistoric music.
Archaeological discoveries.
Musical instruments, such as the seven-holed flute and various types of stringed instruments ex. Ravanahatha, have been recovered from Indus Valley Civilization archaeological sites.
Surviving music.
The Samaveda, one of the ancient core Hindu scriptures known as the Vedas, consists of a collection (samhita) of hymns, portions of hymns and detached verses, all but 75 of which are taken from the Rigveda. They were intended to be sung using melodies called Samagana whose musical forms are indicated. These hymns were sung by Udgatar priests at sacrifices in which the juice of the Soma plant, clarified and mixed with milk and other ingredients, were offered in libation to various deities. This memorization by Hindu priests of the sacred Vedas included up to eleven musical forms of recitation that could be used on the same text.
Echoes in modern Indian music.
Contemporary South Asian and Indian music has its roots in the prehistoric era of Indian and South Asian culture.
"Nātya Shastra".
The "Nātya Shastra" is an ancient Indian treatise on the performing arts, embracing Indian theatre, early Indian classical dance and Indian classical music. It was written between 200 BC and 200 AD, during the classical period of Indian history. This text, which contains 6000 shlokas, is attributed to a muni whose name was Bharata Muni.
The "Nātya Shastra" is based upon a much older text called the "Nātya Veda", which contained 36,000 shlokas. No copies of the "Nātya Veda" have survived. Some scholars believe that it may have been written by various authors over a period of time.

</doc>
<doc id="19629965" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19629965" title="Memory Chapel">
Memory Chapel

Memory Chapel is a Los Angeles Historic-Cultural Monument (HCM #155) located in the Wilmington section of Los Angeles, California, near the Port of Los Angeles. Built in 1870 in the Carpenter Gothic Victorian architecture style, it is the oldest Protestant church in the Harbor area. Originally located at "F" Street and Marine Avenue, it was moved to its present location in 1939. 
The chapel is used now by a Philippine church, with Sunday services in the Tagalog language. The original pews dating to 1870 are still in use at the chapel. English services are held in the adjacent Calvary Presbyterian Church -- which replaced the Memory Chapel.

</doc>
<doc id="19629976" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19629976" title="William Nutt">
William Nutt

William Nutt (August 5, 1836 – August 30, 1909) was a colonel in the American Civil War, a representative to the Massachusetts General Court from 1871 to 1872 and again in 1901, he was also the chairman of the board of the Natick Five Cents Savings Bank.
Biography.
He was born on August 5, 1836 in Topsham, Vermont to Isaac Brewster Nutt and Sally Ann Munroe. His paternal grandparents were William Nutt and Mary Brewster. His grandfather's grandfather William Nutt was one of the first settlers of Londonderry, New Hampshire. Both his grandfather and his great grandfather Samuel served in the revolution and his father in the War of 1812. His early education was limited to a few terms in the district school of his native town. As soon as he was old enough he began to work on the farm of his father and for neighboring farmers.
In his sixteenth year, in 1852, he moved to Natick, Massachusetts, where he began to work at the shoemaker's trade. He supplemented his schooling by much reading and study, and attended private schools when he had the opportunity. As a shoemaker, associated with Henry Wilson, who afterwards became vice-president of the United States, he became interested in the slavery question, and in 1857 took part in the Kansas movement, the result of which was to keep that state free from slavery. He 'squatted' at Lawrence, Kansas.
His first vote was for the Free Soil ticket, and he was one of the active organizers of the Republican party. He returned from Kansas to his home in Natick, Massachusetts and followed his trade as a shoemaker until the Civil War broke out. He was a member of the militia company at Natick, but left the organization to enlist in Co. I. Capt. A. B. Underwood, 2nd regiment of the Massachusetts Volunteer Militia on May 15, 1861. He was made a corporal, and on August 11, 1861, he was promoted to sergeant. He was a very successful drill master, and was detailed early in the service to instruct officers as well as men of the 27th Indiana Regiment.
Civil War.
His first skirmish was October 22, 1861 at Conrad's Ferry, Virginia. After the battle of Battle of Ball's Bluff, in which he was engaged, he was in the hospital sick for several weeks, and was, when convalescent, detailed, December 1861 to recruiting service in Springfield, Massachusetts. He returned to his regiment in Martinsburg, Virginia, after being assigned to the 12th Massachusetts Regiment, from April to June 1862. The regiment lost nearly half its mend and more than half its officers in an engagement August 9, 1862, and from that time until he left the regiment in March 1863, he was acting first sergeant with the special duty of drilling recruits.
At the Battle of Antietam a third of the regiment was killed or wounded. He was commissioned March 5, 1863, second lieutenant, and May, 1863, first lieutenant, in the 54th Massachusetts Regiment under Colonel Robert Gould Shaw. He was afterwards made a captain in the 55th Massachusetts Regiment.
He was the provost marshal of Jacksonville, Florida, in February, 1864; promoted major, November, 1864; lieutenant colonel June 1865, and brevet colonel at the close of the war. He was with the regiment at the Siege of Charleston. He was mustered out in September, 1865.
Natick.
He became a partner in the firm of David & Plummer, shoe manufacturers of Natick, but finding that business uncongenial, began to study law in December, 1866, in the office of Walter N. Mason, Natick. In February 1868 he was appointed agent of the Freedmen's Bureau, and located at Halifax and Lunenburg Counties, Virginia. After six months of this service, and study of law, her returned to Natick and was admitted to the bar in Middlesex County, Massachusetts, August 9, 1868. He opened an office in Natick, where Colonel Nutt was as prominent in political and public life as in military affairs.
He was always active in the Republican party, serving for many years on the town committee, often as chairman; frequently being delegate to the state and other conventions of his party. He was first elected moderator of the Natick town meeting, after a sharp contest in 1870. He was particularly well fitted for this duty by parliamentary knowledge, experience in presiding, and knowledge of town business, and often served the town, the last occasion being 1896.
He was the tax collector in 1870 and 1871; representative to the General Court of Massachusetts in 1871-1872, serving on the committee on labor in 1871 and on probate and insolvency and woman suffrage in 1872; chairman of the Natick board of selectmen 1874, 1876, and 1881; member of the board of health 1874; overseer of the poor for three years; member of the school committee 1873; on many important town committees; deputy sheriff 1877-1886 inclusive; trial justice of the Natick Court 1886 to 1892. He was elected state senator in 1901 by a vote of 7328 to 4204 for his opponent, in a district that had the previous year elected a democrat. He served on the committees on constitutional amendments, military affairs, and chairman of the committee on taxation. He was also on the important special committee which revised the public statutes. He was justice of the peace from 1867 and notary public from 1874.
Death.
Colonel Nutt made a specialty of probate court practice, and has had the settlement of many important estates and trusts. He did most of the pension business for his locality. In his later years most of his practice was as attorney for the Natick Five Cents Savings Bank a very prosperous institution. He was a member of the investing board from 1869 until 1909, and chairman of the board and first vice-president of the bank until his resignation, on account of ill-health, May 1, 1909, a period, of forty years. Nutt had been suffering from hardening of the arteries for a long time, his fatal illness having really begun many months ago, and when he retired from practice last December it was hoped that he might enjoy at least a few years of rest in his old age, but fate willed otherwise. His condition grew steadily worse and Saturday he became unconscious. The members of the family were summoned and were all at the homestead waiting for the end which came Monday without his having regained consciousness.
Legacy.
He married at Framingham, Massachusetts, April 25, 1863, Abigail Prentice Puffer, who died January 27, 1906. He leaves four sons; William Harrison of Everett, Massachusetts; Charles of Worcester, Massachusetts; George of Natick, Massachusetts and Henry of Winthrop, Massachusetts; three daughters, Nellie A. of Elwyn, Pennsylvania; Mrs Ralph D. Sutherland and Matilda of Natick, Massachusetts; two brothers, Isaac Brewster of Natick, Massachusetts and Samuel of South Haven, Kansas and one sister, Mrs. Nathan P. Rice, West Boylston, Massachusetts.

</doc>
<doc id="19629977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19629977" title="KYKS">
KYKS

KYKS (branded as "KICKS 105") is a radio station serving the Lufkin/Nacogdoches area with country music. It broadcasts on FM frequency 105.1 MHz and is under ownership of Townsquare Media.

</doc>
<doc id="19629988" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19629988" title="Pine Hill, California">
Pine Hill, California

Pine Hill (formerly, Tigerville, Pine's Hill, and East Sunnyside) is an unincorporated community in Humboldt County, California. It is located south of downtown Eureka, at an elevation of 135 feet (41 m). The area is now part of unincorporated Eureka.
The name honors Safford E. Pine, local dairy farmer.

</doc>
<doc id="19629994" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19629994" title="Penis envy">
Penis envy

Penis envy in Freudian psychoanalysis refers to the theorized reaction of a girl during her psychosexual development to the realization that she does not have a penis. Freud considered this realization a defining moment in the development of gender and sexual identity for women — the parallel reaction in boys to the realization that women do not have a penis being castration anxiety. In contemporary culture, the term sometimes refers inexactly or metaphorically to women who are presumed to wish they were men.
The psychoanalytical concept of penis envy is unrelated to "small penis syndrome" which is anxiety caused by the belief one's penis is too small (though Otto Fenichel did explore the possibility of a boy's envy for the adult penis).
Freud's theory.
Freud introduced the concept of interest in—and envy of—the penis in his 1908 article "On the Sexual Theories of Children": it was not mentioned in the first edition of Freud's earlier "Three Contributions to the Theory of Sex" (1905), but a synopsis of the 1908 article was added to the third edition in 1915. In "On Narcissism" (1914) he described how some women develop a masculine ideal as "a survival of the boyish nature that they themselves once possessed". The term grew in significance as Freud gradually refined his views of sexuality, coming to describe a mental process he believed occurred as one went from the phallic stage to the latency stage (see Psychosexual development).
Psychosexual development: child.
In Freud's psychosexual development theory, the phallic stage (approximately between the ages of 3.5 and 6) is the first period of development in which the libidinal focus is primarily on the genital area. Prior to this stage, the libido (broadly defined by Freud as the primary motivating energy force within the mind) focuses on other physiological areas. For instance, in the "oral stage", in the first 12 to 18 months of life, libidinal needs concentrate on the desire to eat, sleep, suck and bite. The theory suggests that the penis becomes the organ of principal interest to "both" sexes in the phallic stage. This becomes the catalyst for a series of pivotal events in psychosexual development. These events, known as the Oedipus complex for boys, and the Electra complex for girls, result in significantly different outcomes for each gender because of differences in anatomy.
For girls:
A similar process occurs in boys of the same age as they pass through the phallic stage of development; the key differences being that the focus of sexual impulses need not switch from mother to father, and that the fear of castration (castration anxiety) remains. The boy desires his mother, and identifies with his father, whom he sees as having the object of his sexual impulses. Furthermore, the boy's father, being the powerful aggressor of the family unit, is sufficiently menacing that the boy employs the defense mechanism of displacement to shift the object of his sexual desires from his mother to women in general.
Freud thought this series of events occurred prior to the development of a wider sense of sexual identity, and was required for an individual to continue to enter into his or her gender role.
Psychosexual development: adult.
Freud considered that in normal female development penis envy transformed into the wish for a man and/or a baby.
Karl Abraham differentiated two types of adult women in whom penis envy remained intense as the wish-fulfilling and the vindictive types:
The former were dominated by fantasies of having or becoming a penis—as with the singing/dancing/performing women who felt that in their acts they magically incorporated the phallus.
The latter sought revenge on the male through humiliation or deprivation (whether by removing the man from the penis or the penis from the man).
Criticisms of Freud's theory.
Within psychoanalytic circles.
Freud's theories regarding psychosexual development, and in particular the "phallic stage", were early challenged by other psychoanalysts, such as Karen Horney, Otto Fenichel and Ernest Jones, though Freud did not accept their view of penis envy as a secondary, rather than a primary, female reaction. Later psychologists such as Erik Erikson and Jean Piaget would challenge the Freudian model of child psychological development as a whole.
Jacques Lacan however would take up and develop Freud's theory of the importance of what he called ""penisneid" in the unconscious of women" in linguistic terms, seeing what he called the phallus as the privileged signifier of humanity's subordination to language: "the phallus (by virtue of which the unconscious is language)".
He thereby opened up a new field of debate around phallogocentrism—some figures like Juliet Mitchell endorsing a view of penis envy which "uses, not the man, but the phallus to which the man has to lay claim, as its key term", others strongly repudiating it.
Feminist criticisms.
A significant number of feminists have been highly critical of penis envy as a concept and psychoanalysis as a discipline, arguing that the assumptions and approaches of the psychoanalytic project are profoundly patriarchal, anti-feminist, and misogynistic and represent women as broken or deficient men. Karen Horney—a German psychoanalyst who also placed great emphasis on childhood experiences in psychological development—was a particular advocate of this view. She asserted the concept of "womb envy" as an emotional reaction to the idea of penis envy, and saw "masculine narcissism" as underlying the mainstream Freudian view.
In her influential paper "Women and Penis Envy" (1943), Clara Thompson reformulated the latter as "social" envy for the trappings of the (then) dominant gender, a sociological response to female subordination under patriarchy.
Betty Friedan referred to penis envy as a purely parasitic social bias typical of Victorianism and particularly of Freud's own biography, and showed how the concept played a key role in discrediting alternative notions of femininity in the early to mid twentieth century: "Because Freud’s followers could only see woman in the image defined by Freud – inferior, childish, helpless, with no possibility of happiness unless she adjusted to being man’s passive object – they wanted to help women get rid of their suppressed envy, their neurotic desire to be equal. They wanted to help women find sexual fulfilment as women, by affirming their natural inferiority". 
A small but influential number of Feminist philosophers, working in Psychoanalytic feminism, and including Luce Irigaray, Julia Kristeva, and Hélène Cixous, have taken varying post-structuralist views on the question, inspired or at least challenged by figures such as Jacques Lacan and Jacques Derrida.
Juliet Mitchell in her early work attempted to reconcile Freud's thoughts on psychosexual development with Feminism and Marxism by declaring his theories to be simply observations of gender identity under capitalism.

</doc>
<doc id="19630017" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19630017" title="Anishinaabe Nation in Treaty No. 3">
Anishinaabe Nation in Treaty No. 3

The Anishinaabe Nation in Treaty No. 3 is a sovereign Anishinaabe Nation in Canada. It has existed as a self-governing people with its own laws and governance institutions since time immemorial, before the arrival of European settlers. "America, separated from Europe by a wide ocean, was inhabited by ... separate nations, independent of each other and of the rest of the world, having institutions of their own, and governing themselves by their own laws." "The territory included in Treaty #3 in 1873 was governed by a Grand Council of Anishinaabe Chiefs. ... This civil leadership was responsible to other political ranks and ultimately to the constituent families." The Nation is, by constitutional definition, the Anishinaabe people that entered into Treaty 3 with the Crown in 1873.
History.
The Anishinaabe Nation in Treaty No. 3 became distinct as a political, cultural and linguistic group from other Anishinaabe peoples through the circumstances of its traditional territory around Lake of the Woods and Rainy River. "Abundant natural resources were the foundation for Anishinaabe government. During the 18th and 19th centuries, large groups gathered during harvest seasons, at maple sugar groves, fishing stations, berry patches, garden sites, and rice fields. ... Organized through a Grand Council, they asserted sovereignty over their territory." By the latter 1800s, the Grand Council's insistence on territorial integrity was obstructing westward expansion to the Prairies. In the 1870s, Crown authorities pressed for a treaty.
Making of the Treaty.
In 1873, Alexander Morris was one of three Commissioners empowered by the Privy Council to make a treaty that would open up safe passage from Upper Canada via Lake Superior and the Rainy and Winnipeg Rivers to the Prairies. He understood the political structure of the Nation and dealt with the Council as the government of a people: "I then told them that I ... wished to treat with them as a nation and not with separate bands..." The North-West Angle Treaty (also known as Treaty 3) with the Crown was signed on 3 October 1873, thus securing access for the settlers to vast areas of land in what was to become modern Canada, and giving constitutional definition within both Anishinaabe law and Canadian law to the Anishinaabe Nation in Treaty No. 3. In his 1880 book on the "Treaties of Canada with the Indians", Morris recounted that when, after difficult negotiations, the Treaty was concluded, the Council's "principal spokesman, Mawedopenais, came forward and drew off his gloves, and spoke as follows: 'Now you see me stand before you all: what has been done here today, has been done openly before the Great Spirit, and before the nation.'" Treaty 3 is the only one of the eleven Numbered Treaties of Canada that was made with a single distinct aboriginal people.
Treaty territory.
The Treaty covers traditional territory of the Anishinaabe people extending from Lake Superior in the east into what is now Manitoba to the west. With a stroke of the pen, Treaty 3 extended by the area over which the Crown could, with apparent legitimacy, assert its sovereignty. Of immediate strategic significance, it secured friendly passage for Canada to open up the West.
Post-Treaty experience.
Three years after Treaty 3 was solemnly signed, Canada enacted the "Indian Act", which provided the legal and administrative basis for more than a century of colonial policies of dispossession, oppression and attempted cultural extinguishment of the Canadian Indian peoples. In 1998, Minister of Indian Affairs Jane Stewart, and in 2008, Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper, publicly acknowledged and apologised for central elements of these policies.
Constitution.
The constitution of the Anishinaabe Nation in Treaty No. 3 is based on customary law that includes both sacred law and traditional law. It is mostly uncodified. The making of Treaty 3 fundamentally affected the constitution of the Nation. The Anishinaabe Nation in Treaty No. 3 is one of few sovereign Anishinaabe Nation whose constitutionally-distinct identity was confirmed in making Treaty with the Crown. The making of Treaty 3 constitutionally severed the Anishinaabe Nation in Treaty 3 from its Anishinaabe relatives and set it on a distinct future path. Significantly, not all the Chiefs were present for the momentous Treaty 3 decision. Others subscribed to it later. These events illustrated a unique and foundational principle of the Nation's constitution: the primacy of its communities. According to this principle, while laws and national policy of the Nation do not require consent of its communities to become effective for the Nation, they become effective for and in each community only when the community has consented.
Aboriginal and treaty rights.
The Crown has fundamental rights under Treaty 3. These include the right of Canadians to enter and live peacefully in Treaty 3 territory and to share its natural resources. Because Treaty 3 was made with a single aboriginal people, it is clear that the Anishinaabe Nation in Treaty No. 3 is the "rights-holder" for the collective aboriginal and treaty rights of its citizens. In general, such rights are held by an aboriginal people of Canada (not a Band). Aboriginal rights of the Nation include specific (local) rights and generic rights such as:
Since 1982, the Nation's aboriginal and treaty rights, including its treaty right to exist as an aboriginal people in Canada, have been recognized and affirmed by section 35 of the Constitution Act, 1982. Responsibilities of the Nation's government include protection of aboriginal rights and honoring Treaty relationships with the Crown and with other aboriginal peoples. When the Crown proposes actions that may affect treaty or aboriginal rights, such as changes to governance laws or child protection laws, or licenses for forestry or permits for mining in Treaty 3 territory, it must consult with the Nation through its government and accommodate or compensate potentially affected rights.
Traditional government.
Grand Council Treaty No. 3 is the traditional government of the Nation. Alexander Morris' records of his dealings with the Grand Council in 1873 recount details of his dealings with what he called "the Indian Council": "The nation had not met for many years, and some of Chiefs had never before been assembled together." The origins of the Grand Council may predate written records. Historically, "The sturgeon during spring spawning season supported the assembly of up to 1,500 people at fishing stations on Rainy River. At Couchiching Falls (present-day Fort Frances), the Anishinaabe national government met each spring, relying upon abundant spawning runs of sturgeon and stored supplies of manoomin, maple sugar and Indian corn." Traditionally, "Anishinaabe of Lake of the Woods and Rainy Lake had many different types of leaders, including Grand Chief, first and second rank civil chiefs, first and second rank soldiers, war chiefs, pipe bearers and messengers." The government of the Nation derived from and rested upon consent of the people. "Traditional values featured a distrust of excessive power and an emphasis upon consensual, rather than representative, democracy." The Midewiwin Society, though systematically persecuted by colonial authorities, was also an integral part of the Nation's government: "The Midewiwin or Grand Medicine Society, a ranked curing society, operated in conjunction with the Grand Council, and many of its healers were also powerful chiefs such as Powawassin and Mawintopinesse. The annual spring Grand Council on Rainy River was also the occasion of Mide ceremonial activity."
Modern government.
Today, Grand Council Treaty #3 continues to be composed of the many councils of the Nation. Government of the Nation continues to be based on consensual democracy. The National Assembly, comprising leaders sent by each community according to its own determination, including elders, women and other leaders assembled in the presence of constitutional symbols of the Nation, determines national policy by consensus. The National Assembly selects the Ogichidaa/kwe. There is no fixed term; the National Assembly may reconsider its selection at any time. The Ogichidaa/kwe appoints members of an Executive Council and answers to the National Assembly for their performance. The Executive Council exercises the executive authority of the Nation. While its members may be local political figures, in their executive capacity they have fiduciary duties to the Nation as a whole. There is also an administration of similar name (Grand Council of Treaty 3) that is supposed to be dedicated solely to preserve and protect the Treaty and its rights, but against the opinion of many Chiefs has branched out into service delivery.

</doc>
<doc id="19630037" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19630037" title="Doris Taylor (disambiguation)">
Doris Taylor (disambiguation)

Doris Taylor. (born ca. 1960), American stem cell scientist
Doris Taylor may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19630060" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19630060" title="Yoshiyuki Nishi">
Yoshiyuki Nishi


</doc>
<doc id="19630107" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19630107" title="KVKI-FM">
KVKI-FM

KVKI-FM (96.5 FM) is a radio station broadcasting an adult contemporary music format. Licensed to Shreveport, Louisiana, USA, the station serves the Shreveport area. The station is currently owned by Townsquare Media.

</doc>
<doc id="19630109" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19630109" title="Victor Cădere">
Victor Cădere

Victor Cădere (1891 – 1980) was a Romanian jurist, administrator and diplomat. Born in Cluj (at that time in Austria-Hungary he got a doctorate in Law. 
He was member or the Romanian delegation to the Peace Conference in Paris in 1919 and head of the Romanian Military Mission to the Far East (1920-1921). He was also professor at the Law Faculty of the Cluj University. Under the reign of King Carol II of Romania he also was secretary general of the Interior Ministry and royal resident of Ţinutul Dunării. 
As diplomat he was minister plenipotentiary of Romania to Warsaw (1931-1935), Belgrade and Lisbon. 
Under the communist regime he was arrested on October 7, 1952 and accused of espionage. Încarcerated at Jilava prison and Sighet prison, he was tried only in 1956 by a Military Court, being sentenced to 5 years of imprisonment, but was released on September 20, 1956. 
Being able to leave Romania he worked as Associate Professor of the Paris University. Victor Cădere was corresponding member of the Institut de France.

</doc>
<doc id="19630120" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19630120" title="Sharyl Attkisson">
Sharyl Attkisson

Sharyl Attkisson (born 1961) is an American investigative correspondent in the Washington bureau for CBS News. She has also substituted as anchor for the "CBS Evening News".
Early life.
Attkisson was born in Florida. Her step-father is an orthopedic surgeon and her brother is an emergency room physician. Attkisson graduated from the University of Florida with a degree in broadcast journalism in 1982.
Career.
Attkisson began her broadcast journalism career in 1982 as a reporter at WUFT-TV, the PBS station in Gainesville, Florida. That was followed by jobs as anchor and reporter at WTVX-TV Fort Pierce/West Palm Beach, Florida from 1982-85, WBNS-TV, the CBS affiliate in Columbus, Ohio from 1985-86, and WTVT Tampa, Florida (1986-90). 
1990s.
From 1990 to 1993, Attkisson was an anchor for CNN. She also was a key anchor for CBS space exploration coverage in 1993. Attkisson left CNN in 1993, moving to CBS, where she anchored the television news broadcast "CBS News Up to the Minute" and became an investigative correspondent based in Washington D.C. In addition, Attkisson served on the University of Florida's Journalism College Advisory Board (1993-97) and was chairman in 1996. The University of Florida gave her an Outstanding Achievement Award in 1997. From 1997 to 2003, Attkisson simultaneously hosted "CBS News Up to the Minute" and the PBS Health news magazine "HealthWeek".
2000s.
Attkisson received an Investigative Reporters and Editors (I.R.E.) Finalist awards: "Dangerous Drugs" in 2000. In 2001, Attkisson received an Investigative Emmy Award nomination for "Firestone Tire Fiasco" from the National Academy of Television Arts and Sciences. In 2002, Attkisson co-authored a college textbook titled "Writing Right for Broadcast and Internet News ". That same year, Attkisson won a 2002 Emmy Award for her Investigative Journalism about the American Red Cross. The award was presented in New York City on Sept. 10, 2002. Attkisson was part of the CBS News team that received RTNDA-Edward R. Murrow Awards in 2005 for Overall Excellence.
In 2006, Attkisson served as Capitol Hill correspondent for CBS. That lead to her being one of a small number of female anchors covering the 2006 midterms. Attkisson was part of the CBS News team that received RTNDA-Edward R. Murrow Awards in 2008 for Overall Excellence. In 2009, Attkisson won an Investigative Emmy Award for Business and Financial Reporting for her exclusive reports on TARP and the bank bailout. The award was presented on December 7th at Fordham University's Lincoln Center Campus in New York City.
2010s.
Attkisson returned to the University of Florida as a key-note speaker at the College of Journalism and Communications in 2010. That same year, Attkisson received an Emmy Award nomination for her investigations into members of Congress, and she also received a 2010 Emmy Award nomination for her investigation into waste of tax dollars. In July 2011, Attkisson was nominated for an Emmy Award for her "Follow the Money" investigations into Congressional travel to the Copenhagen climate summit, and aid to Haiti earthquake victims.
In 2012, CBS News accepted an Investigative Reporting Award given to Attkisson's reporting on ATF's "Fast and Furious" gunwalker controversy. The award was from Accuracy in Media, an American, non-profit news media watchdog group, and was presented at a Conservative Political Action Conference. In June 2012, Attkisson's investigative reporting for the "Gunwalker" story also won the CBS Evening News the Radio and Television News Directors Association's National Edward R. Murrow Award for Excellence in Video Investigative Reporting. The award will be presented October 8, 2012 in New York City. Additionally, in July 2012, Attkisson's "Gunwalker: Fast and Furious" reporting received an Emmy Award nomination for Outstanding Investigative Journalism.
Attkisson's reporting on vaccines has been criticized by medical experts such as David Gorski and Steven Salzberg as promoting pseudoscientific theories about an alleged link between autism and vaccines.
Personal life.
Attkisson has reached third degree black belt in taekwondo. She's married and has a daughter.

</doc>
<doc id="19630152" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19630152" title="Elbow bump">
Elbow bump

The elbow bump is an informal greeting where two people touch elbows. Interest in this greeting was renewed during the avian flu scare of 2006 and the 2009 swine flu outbreak, when health officials supported its use to reduce the spread of germs.
Kalaupapa Leprosy Settlement.
An early popularization of the elbow bump began outside the Kalaupapa Leprosy Settlement in 1969 with the lifting of the quarantine policy, which forced leprosy patients to live in an isolated peninsula on Molokai. Many of the settlement's residents were devout Christians; when they began attending church services outside of the settlement, the members of the church congregation were fearful of making physical contact with them. Priests, too, were wary of such contact with the former Kalaupapa Settlement residents, but as a sign of good faith they would touch elbows. This greeting became popular among churchgoers of Hawaii in the early 1970s. Because leprosy is transmitted primarily through mucus, there is some evidence that the elbow bump constrained infections.
Urban youth.
The elbow bump as a greeting is also attributed to be a derivative of the more well known fist bump, beginning in the 1980s. The earliest written record of the elbow bump by David Grimes supports this hypothesis. More recently, Shaquille O'Neal demonstrated the derivative nature of the elbow bump in relation to the fist bump in 2004, when he dismissed Kobe Bryant's greeting with a half-hearted elbow bump.
Popularity due to hygienic qualities.
2006 Avian flu outbreak.
A recent advocate of the fist bump is the World Health Organization. In 2006, due to fears of a possible avian flu pandemic, the WHO proposed using the elbow bump as a means of "keeping other people's cooties at arms length." Dr. Michael Bell has been a principal advocate for using the elbow bump, noting that it can also help constrain the spread of diseases such as Ebola, by modeling social behavior that limits physical contact.
2009 Swine flu outbreak.
The elbow bump got renewed interest when the 2009 swine flu outbreak in Mexico began growing into a worldwide pandemic. By 2009 the elbow bump had grown so large in popularity that people in Mexico had taken it upon themselves to utilize the elbow bump to reduce the spread of disease. As in 2006, the elbow bump was supported by a number of health officials, such as Dr. Sanjay Gupta, CNN's chief medical correspondent.
2012/2013 Seasonal influenza epidemic.
The Manhattan Soccer Club endorsed the elbow bump as the safe alternative to the hygienically promiscuous traditions of vigorous hand-to-hand contact. This contact has been characterized, in the less dangerous formats, as handshakes and high-fives, but could also extend to orgies of perspiration and mucus slathered hands rubbing violently in the post-game "hand slap" line-up. The potential for mass contamination via these practices is obvious.
In culture.
By 2009, the elbow bump was endorsed by university officials and Nobel laureate Peter Agre. The American Association for the Advancement of Science joined the World Health Organization in endorsing the elbow bump. However, some of these endorsements were meant as much to elicit good humor as for purposes of good hygiene.
The word "elbow bump" was considered for "Word of the Year" in 2009 by the New Oxford American Dictionary.
At the open-air service of the Greenbelt festival of 2009, worshipers were encouraged to greet each other with the 'elbow bump of peace' instead of the more usual 'holy kiss' during the Christian rite of peace, because of concerns over swine flu.

</doc>
<doc id="19630161" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19630161" title="Let's Live for Today (album)">
Let's Live for Today (album)

"Let's Live for Today" is the second studio album by The Grass Roots. Released in 1967, it features their first top-ten hit by the same name, "Let's Live for Today".
Track listing.
All songs written by P.F. Sloan & Steve Barri except as noted.

</doc>
<doc id="19630181" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19630181" title="Cry for Dawn">
Cry for Dawn

Cry for Dawn was a 9-issue horror anthology comic book written by Joseph Monks and drawn by Joseph Michael Linsner. It was published by Cry for Dawn Productions from 1989–1992 and is famous for introducing the sexy redheaded spitfire Dawn, who would later go on to star in several of her own spin-off titles for Sirius Entertainment. "Cry for Dawn" was a mature-readers-only title.

</doc>
<doc id="19630193" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19630193" title="Alfred Dancey">
Alfred Dancey

A British schoolchild, Alfred Dancey was convicted of murder at the age of 14 and exiled to Australia in 1850, after he shot two classmates with a pistol he brought to the school.
Dancey grew up in Bedminster, Bristol.

</doc>
<doc id="19630194" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19630194" title="Maiden Holdings">
Maiden Holdings

Maiden Holdings Ltd., () is a Bermuda based holding company with insurance subsidiaries that provides specialty reinsurance products for the global property and casualty market. The company has operating subsidiaries in the United States (Maiden Re, Maiden Specialty), Europe (Maiden International), and Bermuda (Maiden Insurance).

</doc>
<doc id="19630222" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19630222" title="Savannah State Tigers football">
Savannah State Tigers football

The Savannah State Tigers football team represents Savannah State University in college football. The Tigers are members of the Mid-Eastern Athletic Conference (MEAC). The football team is traditionally the most popular sport at Savannah State and home games are played at Ted A. Wright Stadium in Savannah, Georgia. 
Since moving to NCAA Division I - FCS in 2000, the Tigers have compiled a 48-57-0 record as of the 2009–2010 season. Prior to moving to Division I - FCS the team compiled a 108-100-1 record in NCAA Division II (1981–2000), a 15-20-0 record in NCAA Division III (1973–1980) and a 1-1-0 record as a member of the NAIA.
The program's largest margin of victory was 81 points against Miles College in 1992 (Savannah State, 87 – Miles College, 6). The largest margin of defeat was 88 points against Bethune-Cookman College in 1953 (Bethune-Cookman 98, Savannah State 10). Prior to a game against the Florida State Seminoles in 2012, the Seminoles were installed as 70 1/2 point favorites, reportedly making Savannah State the biggest underdogs in any college football game ever.
The team regularly participates in one or more black football classics each season including the CSRA Football Classic and the Joe Turner Classic. The team has previously participated in the Gateway Classic, the Miami Classic, the Palmetto Capital City Classic, and the Circle City Classic.
Head Coach.
On January 7, 2011, Savannah State University named Steve Davenport as its new head football coach. Davenport replaced Robert "Robby" Wells who left the program before the 2010 football season. Davenport, the former offensive coordinator at the University of Alabama-Birmingham, is the 22nd head football coach at Savannah State. Davenport was relieved of his duties as head football coach on April 17, 2013. Corey Barlow, the Tiger's cornerbacks coach, was named the interim head coach.
Conference affiliations.
No Team: 1924, 1943–1945
On September 8, 2011, Savannah State University was confirmed as a full member of the MEAC Conference, making the Tigers eligible to participate in all conference championships and earn the conference's automatic berth to NCAA postseason competition in all sponsored sports.
Conference championships and NCAA Playoff Appearances.
The Tigers were Southeastern Athletic Conference champions in 1938, 1948, 1950 and 1956.
The team's only NCAA playoff appearance occurred in 1992. The Tigers, led by Head Coach Bill Davis, were defeated by Jacksonville State University in the first round of the NCAA Division II playoffs, 41-16.
Notable players and coaches.
Some notable Savannah State football players and coaches include:

</doc>
<doc id="19630238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19630238" title="Kim Young-Mu">
Kim Young-Mu

Kim Young-Mu (born September 3, 1984) is a South Korean football player who played for Daegu FC as a Goalkeeper.
Club career.
Kim was drafted from Soongsil University for Daegu FC's 2007 season. Although Baek Min-Cheol was the first choice keeper for Daegu FC, Kim would play three games in 2007, conceding 11 goals. Kim remained on the roster for the 2008 season, but left the club without playing a game that season.

</doc>
<doc id="19630242" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19630242" title="Cotinga (journal)">
Cotinga (journal)

Cotinga is a biannual peer-reviewed scientific journal of ornithology published by the Neotropical Bird Club. It was established in 1994 and covers the field of neotropical ornithology and bird conservation in South America, Central America from Mexico to Panama, and the islands of the Caribbean. The focus of the journal is on new distributional and temporal information, including new country records, new biological information, particularly on breeding, and new interpretations on taxonomy, particularly descriptions of new taxa. It publishes articles, short notes, and reviews. Articles are published in English, Spanish, or Portuguese, with an abstract in English, Spanish, Portuguese, or French. The current editor-in-chief is George Wallace.

</doc>
<doc id="19630244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19630244" title="Virtual Control Program Interface">
Virtual Control Program Interface

In computing, the Virtual Control Program Interface (VCPI) is a specification published in 1989 by Phar Lap Software that allows a DOS program to run in protected mode, granting access to many features of the processor not available in real mode. It was supplanted by DOS Protected Mode Interface (DPMI) shortly after being introduced, due in large part to VCPI's inability to work in Windows 3.0's protected mode.
Overview.
Developed since 1987 in cooperation with Quarterdeck Office Systems and with support by A.I. Architects, Lotus Development Corp., Quadram, Qualitas and Rational Systems, VCPI is provided by an expanded memory manager in DOS (e.g. CEMM, QEMM, later EMM386). It was eclipsed by DPMI, most notably because it was not supported for DOS programs run in Windows 3.0's native protected mode (called "386 enhanced mode") and because VCPI runs programs in Ring 0, which defeated the purpose of x86 protection. It also did not work with OS/2 2.0 and later. VCPI was only supported in Windows 3.0 real mode, some programs could run in Windows 3.x standard mode. Standard mode (286 mode) Windows 3.1 (but not 3.0) itself was VCPI compliant (it was a VCPI client). Earlier Windows/386 2.1 was not compatible with DOS extenders at all. Windows NT DOS box did not support VCPI either.
VCPI also had a comparatively limited scope in that it allowed a protected mode DOS program to run only when the program was started from DOS already running inside a virtual 8086 mode task. (This was typically accomplished through a memory manager operating as a "virtual control program" for the processor.) Because the virtual 8086 mode isolates programs from the hardware, it is not possible for a program to switch to protected mode without some support from the control program.
Extended VCPI.
Between 1989 and February 1990 an alternative specification was proposed under the name Extended VCPI (XVCPI) by a number of companies including Intel's Software Focus Group, Lotus, Digital Research, Interactive Systems and others to address some of the shortcomings of VCPI and better exploit the memory management and multitasking capabilities of the 386 processor. It was used by a small number of products including operating systems like Interactive Unix, Concurrent DOS 386 and Multiuser DOS. Since February 1990 these efforts ultimately succumbed to the (parallel) development and publication of the DPMI specification in May 1990, which addressed similar problems, but was compatible with the implementation of Microsoft Windows 3.0 to be released the same year.

</doc>
<doc id="19630270" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19630270" title="Timothy Michael Wynn">
Timothy Michael Wynn

Timothy Michael Wynn (born May 5, 1970) is an American musical composer for films, television shows, and video games. 
His past and current projects include "", "The Simpsons Game", "Red Faction Guerrilla", "Warhawk", "Odyssey: Driving Around the World TV Series", "Tiberium", "The Punisher", "Gun ", "Supernatural", "Dr. Dolittle 3", "James Dean: Forever Young", "Descendant", "To Save a Life" and "Command & Conquer 4".
Wynn received a G.A.N.G. award for his work on "The Simpson's Game". His co-score for "Warhawk" was recognized as one of the best video game scores for 2007 by IGN and the International Film Music Critics Association.
Biography.
Timothy Michael Wynn began his music training as a founding member of the prestigious Orange County High School of the Performing Arts in 1988. From there he was accepted into the Thornton School of Music at the University of Southern California, where he studied under Elmer Bernstein, Christopher Young, Buddy Baker and Jerry Goldsmith.
Wynn’s music career is notable by the diversity of his credits. He has found success in scoring feature films, television series, video games and documentaries. The first part of 2012 has been an exciting time for Tim. He released the highly anticipated Darkness II (2K Games), the first release for Fox Digital, Wolfpack of Reseda and the TV series Lucky Seven (Fuji TV).
Wynn started his professional career writing scores for Last Chance starring James Brolin and Macon County Jail starring Ally Sheedy and David Carridine. While working on these films he met aspiring music supervisor Alex Patsavas. The two would continue working on the feature films: The Prophet and Recoil. In 2000, Wynn worked on a project for Steven Spielberg for the opening of the Holocaust Museum in Washington DC. After the Holocaust documentary, he went on to score other documentaries including D-Day, Moments of Truth, and Filmscapes.
In 2002, Wynn scored the ABC television series The Chair. He also composed music for the ABC television series Thieves and Joel Silver’s The Strip. In 2003/2004 he was tapped to score the feature film starring Katherine Heigl (Knocked Up, Grey’s Anatomy), Descendant. His next project was the acclaimed Warner Brothers documentary James Dean Forever Young narrated by Martin Sheen, which world premiered at the Cannes Film Festival. He then switched gears and scored the comedy Partners starring Julie Bowen (Boston Legal, Weeds). In 2007, Wynn wrote the music for the international television series Odyssey: Driving Around the World and the hit television series Supernatural. In 2009 he worked on the ABC television series The Deep End.
Wynn began writing music for video games in 2005, starting with Marvel Comics/THQ, The Punisher. In 2007, he teamed up with long time partner Christopher Lennertz to write the score for Warhawk (Sony). Warhawk was nominated for Best Score of the Year by the International Film Music Critics and was chosen one of Best Scores of 2007 at IGN. Wynn’s next project was scoring The Simpson’s Game (EA). The Simpson’s received a G.A.N.G. award for Best Arrangement of a Non-Original Score. He then went on to produce tracks for Gun (Activision). In 2008 he scored the award-winning franchise (EA). In 2009 he scored Command and Conquer: Red Alert 3: Uprising (EA) and Red Faction Guerrilla (THQ). In 2010, Wynn composed the score for Command and Conquer: Tiberium Twilight (EA).
Wynn is currently working on a untitled feature film for Universal and a symphony commemorating OCHSA’s 25th anniversary premiering in May 2012. He is also as part of a collaboration between several of the biggest names of Hollywood composers entitled, “A Symphony of Hope,” which will benefit victims of the Haiti earthquake disaster.
Representation.
Soundtrack Music Associates
1460 4th St., #308
Santa Monica, CA 90401
310.260.1023
http://www.soundtrk.com
Studio.
Sonic Fuel Studios
150 Sierra Street
El Segundo, CA 90245
310.499.9274
http://www.sonicfuelstudios.com

</doc>
<doc id="19630276" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19630276" title="Back Min-Chul">
Back Min-Chul

Back Min-Chul (; born 28 July 1977) is a South Korean football goalkeeper, who currently plays for Gyeongnam FC in K-League.
Club career.
He joined Anyang LG Cheetahs, then known as Anyang LG Cheetahs from Dongguk University in 2000, before shifting to Gwangju Sangmu Bulsajo while fulfilling his military service obligations. It was at Gwangju that Baek got his first start in the K-League, and he would go on to play a further ten K-League games for the military club. Upon completion of his military service he returned to FC Seoul (formerly the Anyang LG Cheetahs), where he resumed his role as a bench warmer. He has never played a game at senior level for FC Seoul (or the Cheetahs). He played in Korean Team in 2010, but he was not nominated for the International Cup for his name, because a lot of Italians joked about him (Beccami in Gul). 
A shift to Daegu FC in 2006 finally saw Baek getting regular game time as a first team squad member. He has since gone on to play in over 120 matches in all competitions for Daegu. Baek has been appointed captain for the 2011 season.
On 27 February 2012, before the 2012 K-League campaign, Back moved to Gyeongnam FC on a free transfer.

</doc>
<doc id="19630277" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19630277" title="Leonard Jones (American politician)">
Leonard Jones (American politician)

Leonard "Live-Forever" Jones (July 3, 1797–August 30, 1868) was an eccentric who claimed to be immortal. According to Jones, mortality was a side effect of immorality, and anyone could achieve immortality through a regimen of prayer and fasting. Jones was an unsuccessful politician, running repeatedly for President of the United States hailing his immortality as his platform. He was the brother of Laban Jones, a renowned preacher of the time.
Biography.
Jones was born in Virginia in 1797 and came to Union County, Kentucky in 1804. As a young man he amassed a considerable fortune as a land speculator, and after his fiancée broke off their engagement he moved to Indiana where he developed an interest in religion. He joined the United Brethren and later the Methodists, before donating 5,000 valuable acres of land east of Illinois to the Shakers. He was baptised as a Mormon by a preacher he encountered, but rejected the religion after not receiving the promised gift of tongues.
Jones later encountered a "strange genius" by the name of McDaniel who preached that "man by faith can live forever". Jones and McDaniel planned a "capital city of the world" on the site where Columbus, Kentucky later stood, a city without graveyards where members of the "live-forever" faith would reside. The pair headed east to recruit converts, but McDaniel died after being taken ill in Ohio. Jones was "very much embarrassed" at having to preach at the funeral of his "live-forever" partner. With the death of McDaniel the plans for their city were abandoned and Jones moved into politics, continuing to believe that he himself was immortal.
Jones formed the "High Moral" political party in an attempt to spread his ideas. He ran repeatedly for Congress in several districts, including Paducah, Kentucky, and went on to run for President, and for Governor of Kentucky. These campaigns never succeeded in getting even a fraction of the vote.
Despite this, he was not overly mocked, and was considered a harmless curiosity. He was allowed to speak to large crowds, who cheered him on as he made his claims, and politicians humored his competition. 
Jones caught pneumonia in 1868, and refused medical aid due to his belief that his sickness was moral at its base. He died on August 30, 1868.

</doc>
<doc id="19630292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19630292" title="Jaume Mas">
Jaume Mas

Jaume Mas el Cantante de reagge de Pollença, España (1984–2013). 

</doc>
<doc id="19630294" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19630294" title="Institute for Energy Research">
Institute for Energy Research

The Institute for Energy Research (IER), is a Washington, DC-based non-profit policy corporation or think tank that conducts research and analysis on the functions, operations, and government regulation of global energy markets. IER maintains that free-market energy solutions provide the most financially inexpensive solutions to today’s global energy and environmental challenges and, as such, are critical to the financial well-being of individuals and society. IER was founded in 1989 from a predecessor organization. 
IER is a tax-exempt public foundation funded entirely by tax-deductible contributions from individuals, foundations and corporations. No financial support is sought for or accepted from the government. IER has received funding from a variety of sources, including the Brown Foundation, the Searle Freedom Trust, and the Claude R. Lambe Charitable Foundation. They have also previously received funding from ExxonMobil, but ExxonMobil has not given to IER since 2007.
In December 2011, IER released its North American Energy Inventory, a compilation of total energy in North America. Using the North American Energy Inventory, IER asserted that the US could be energy independent if the US federal government were to allow for greater domestic energy exploration and production.
The Institute's CEO, Robert L. Bradley, Jr., was formerly a director of policy analysis at Enron, where he wrote speeches for Kenneth Lay. He has written seven books, including "Capitalism at Work" and "Edison to Enron", and he maintains the website Political Capitalism. He is also an adjunct scholar at the Cato Institute.
Robert L. Bradley, Jr., President of the Institute for Energy Research, wrote an article published by Competitive Enterprise Institute, entitled "Heated Debate" to respond to a negative review by Harvard Professor John P. Holdren of the 2001 international best seller The Skeptical Environmentalist by Bjørn Lomborg. Lomberg was inspired to write his book after he read an article entitled "The Doomslayer" profiling Julian L. Simon. Lomberg was honored in 2003 with the libertarian Competitive Enterprise Institute's Julian L. Simon award. The award was given to Robert L. Bradley in 2002 and more recently in 2012 to Matt Ridley, who is also skeptical about climate change.
American Energy Alliance.
The Institute for Energy Research has a political arm, the American Energy Alliance, which is responsible for multi-million dollar television advertising campaigns that have attacked energy policy, ideas and positions of the Obama Administration that are contrary to the those held by IER. The American Energy Alliance is run by Thomas (Tom) Pyle, a former lobbyist for Koch Industries. According the its website, the Alliance engages in "grassroots public policy advocacy and debate" regarding energy.
Both IER and the American Energy Alliance are partly funded by the Koch Brothers and their donor network, according to Politico's research, sources - and to reports by Koch-controlled charitable foundations themselves. The American Energy Alliance, as a matter of policy, does not disclose the names of its donors.
Advocacy.
Keystone XL.
American Energy Alliance provide an online petition to U. S. Secretary of State John Kerry regarding the US federal government administration's approval of the controversial Keystone XL pipeline extension. American Energy Alliance compare the extended time for the application approval to the time it took for the Allies "to win World War II."
Wind Production Tax Credit (PTC).
Benjamin Cole, a spokesman for American Energy Alliance told Politico in October 2012 that, "Our Energy Alliance goal is to make the United States Wind Energy Policy#Wind Production Tax Credit so toxic that it makes it impossible for John Boehner to sit at a table with Harry Reid and say, ‘Yeah, I can bend on this one.’” 

</doc>
<doc id="19630298" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19630298" title="2 Days &amp; 1 Night">
2 Days &amp; 1 Night

2 Days & 1 Night (; also known as 1 Night 2 Days; abbreviated as "1N2D") is a South Korean reality-variety show that airs on KBS2 beginning August 5, 2007. "1 Night 2 Days" is one of the two segments (the other segment is "Superman is Back") on "Happy Sunday". The show's current cast members are Cha Tae-hyun, Kim Jong-min, Kim Joo-hyuk, Kim Jun-ho, Defconn, Jung Joon-young.
The show's motto is "Real wild road variety." Its main concept is to recommend various places of interest that viewers can visit in South Korea. Filming for every new trip is usually done 2 weeks prior to broadcast.
Synopsis.
The cast members have made various trips throughout Korea, including many offshore islands. The most notable trip to date was to the Liancourt Rocks, controversial due to the ownership claims on the island by both South Korea (which calls them "Dokdo") and Japan (which calls them "Takeshima"). On their 17th trip to Wando County in South Jeolla, the cast was told to live and experience the wildlife having no access to their cellphones and having to build a tent on their own with the materials provided by the production crew. In June 2008, they travelled to Baekdu Mountain (Changbai Mountain), which is located on the border of North Korea and China. The trip took 4 nights and 5 days, rather than usual 1 night and 2 days. They took the scenic route to Baekdu Mountain by taking a boat to China then taking a bus to the actual mountain rather than by taking a direct flight in order to film the beautiful scenery along the way. After climbing up the stairs leading up the mountain they reached Heaven Lake (천지, 天池), one of the highest crater lakes in the world. At Heaven Lake they symbolically poured water from the Liancourts, the disputed easternmost island of Korea; Udo (우도), one of the southernmost islands of Korea; Gageodo, the westernmost island of Korea; and Baengnyeong Island, the northernmost island in the Yellow Sea. This was to symbolize their wish for Korea to once again become one united nation just as the waters became one at Heaven Lake. Near the end of 2009, it was rumored that a trip for Antarctica was being planned. The producer confirmed that they are trying to arrange a journey to the South Pole and on the 125th episode, Kang Ho-dong mentioned to Park Chan-ho that the trip will take place in March. However, the trip was canceled due to the 2010 Chile earthquake. There was also a viewers' special trip on February 2009, where the production team started gathering 6 teams for a trip with the cast. Thousands of applications were sent to the team and the final teams were chosen by the casts themselves. The episode became very popular and on December 2009, the production team announced that a second viewers' special is coming on February 2010 and mentioned that they received around 100,000 applications. In August 2011, they had a third viewer's special, which had 100 people attending from ages 1–100, adding another senior, who's age is 102.
History.
Before "1 Night 2 Days" was first aired, it was preceded by "Are You Ready" which featured most of the "1 Night 2 Days" members — Kang Ho-dong, Lee Soo-geun, Kim Jong-min, and Eun Ji-won. "Are You Ready" was canceled due to low viewership ratings and was replaced by "1 Night 2 Days" after 12 episodes.
Singer and actor Lee Ji-hoon was offered to join the cast of "1 Night 2 Days" but rejected the role to take a role on MBC drama "New Heart" instead.
"1 Night 2 Days" premiered with cast members Kang Ho-dong, Lee Soo-geun, Kim Jong-min, Eun Ji-won, Noh Hong-chul, Ji Sang-ryul, and Sanggeun the dog mascot on August 5, 2007.
The show later experienced a number of cast member changes:
Season 1 broadcast its final episode on February 26, 2012.
Season 2 premiered on March 4, 2012 with returning members Lee Soo-geun, Kim Jong-min, and Uhm Tae-woong, who were joined by new members Kim Seung-woo, Cha Tae-hyun, Sung Si-kyung, and Joo Won. Kim Seung-woo left the show in March 2013 to re-focus on his acting career. He was replaced by fellow actor Yoo Hae-jin. 
On November 24, 2013 1 Night 2 Days Season 2 officially wrapped up season two with a final goodbye from the members. Similar to the show’s signature opening in which the members gather together to introduce the episode, it was fitting to see the members gather one last time to bid farewell to its audience. 
Season 3 of 1 Night 2 Days will consist of returning members Cha Tae-hyun and Kim Jong-min, as well as new members Kim Jun-ho, Kim Joo-hyuk, Jung Joon-young, and Defconn.
Broadcast.
KBS Drama, KBS Joy has often aired re-runs of "1 Night 2 Days". U-KBS HERAT, a DMB, a digital radio transmission technology developed by South Korea, channel aired the show daily from Monday to Friday at 8:00 p.m. – 9:00 p.m. and recorded the show as one of the "fun to watch" re-runs. KBS World, the international broadcasting service provided by KBS, also started airing English-subtitled episodes (usually 2 weeks after the original broadcast) of the show starting from Episode 35 titled as "2 Days and 1 Night".
With "1 Night 2 Days" being well received, KBS Joy launched a "female version" of "1 Night 2 Days" called 다녀오겠습니다. The first season aired between January 12, 2009 and April 29, 2009. The first season's members were gagwoman Kim Sook, Kim E-Z (former member of Baby V.O.X.), Jeong Jung-ah, Bronwyn Mullen (Afrikaaner ethnicity and member on "Global Talk Show"), Polina Lipina (Polish ethnicity and member on "Global Talk Show"), and Kim Ji Hye (member of Korean girl group Cats). Season 2 aired from June 3 to September 16, 2009 with two members from Season 1, Kim Sook and Kim E-Z, and new members, actress and singer Yoo Chae-yeong, movie actress Seo Young, gagwoman Kwon Jin-young, and Kang Ye-bin.
Contents.
Bok-bul-bok Game.
"Bok Bul Bok Game" (복불복), which can be translated to "blessing-curse-blessing" or "luck or not", is the method used to determine which members will be sleeping outside as well as to decide which members will be getting food. The decision is based on the results of games such as "Kung Kung Ta" (쿵쿵따), a game where a person says a word that does not exist and the next person has to make a new word that doesn't exist with the ending letter or simple games like juggling soccer balls. The first three members who lose the game are given a punishment, such as drinking salt water or soy sauce or eating other strange foods. For example, "Kkanari Eakjeott" (까나리 액젓), "Myeolchi Eakjeott" (멸치 액젓), "Hwang-seo-geo-jeott" (황석어젓), "Buldak-sauce" (불닭 소스), "Wasabi" (고추냉이), "Vinegar" (식초), and more. If they can pass their punishment, they are able to escape sleeping outside or receive food and prizes automatically, however this rarely happens. Kim C and the rest of the cast once said, "The Bok Bul Bok system is completely unfair and crazy." ("복불복 시스템은 완전 공정하지 않으며 미친 것이다") Also, MC Mong once left a quote stating in their trip to Jeju do, "Bok Bul Bok Forever! As long as it's not me!" ("복불복이여 영원하라, 나만 아니면 돼!") Bok-bul-bok represents an important significance of the show.
Bok-bul-bok marathon.
Every summer the show will conduct a Bok-bul-bok marathon. At certain points in the race, Bok-bul-bok games are placed where the runners chooses an item which can either benefit them or make them suffer. These could be fish sauce, hot or cold coffee, water, salt-water or other various items. Two of the members are omitted from the race and rides on a truck to be commentators. Their first marathon winner was Lee Seung-gi. Their second annual marathon winner was Kim C who ran the race in a full-length parka.
Autumn reading competition.
Every autumn the show will conduct a reading competition. The cast will have an hour to study before the competition starts. Members who lost the competition was chosen to sleep outdoors.
Challenging the production team.
On the episode aired May 31, 2009, the cast challenged the production team, where if the cast wins they get to have dinner and sleep inside while the production team will sleep outdoors. However, after playing three games of Bok-bul-bok, including a game of table tennis, badminton, and soccer, the cast lost and the production team got to eat their dinner. On the episode aired September 27, 2009, the production team were once challenged again by the crew. If the production team lost, all 80 staff members including the casts' managers and coordinators were to sleep outside. With some luck, the cast defeated the production team in winning two of the three Bok-bul-bok games. The games they played on their second challenge were a 3-point table tennis match, 3-point soccer game, and jump roping. As aired on the same episode, the production team and cast agreed to have their next challenge during their first snow.
Indoor, outdoor and "out-outdoor" sleeping.
This concept first appeared on their trip to Andong, North Gyeongsang when the cast were split up into YB and OB teams to determine their sleeping locations through a game of Bok-bul-bok. The OB team had won the game through a relay of Jegichagi (제기차기), but the YB team had insisted the production team to give them another chance. The same game was played, but each member represented and played for themselves. With the YB team already sleeping outside, the members who took the challenge competed to sleep indoors. However if they lose the game, they were to sleep "out-outdoors" (sleeping in a sleeping bag without a tent). Lee Seung-gi, MC Mong and Kim Jong-min attempted the challenge but failed and were chosen to sleep "out-outdoors". Kang Ho-dong decided to challenge the game to save the YB team, but failed twice and was selected to sleep "out-outdoors" as well. Kim C decided to take the challenge, but also failed and was chosen to sleep "outdoors" (with a tent). Eun Ji-won and Lee Soo-geun did not attempt the challenge and slept "outdoors" and "indoors", respectively.
Wake-up song.
A wake-up song is usually selected to be played in the morning to wake the members up and start their morning mission. The trot song, "Please Endure" or "Baemida" ("It's a Snake") which is sung by Kim Hye-yeon was "1 Night 2 Days" first wake-up song. "Please Endure" is a song about snakes, which drew attention with its repetitive lyrics and melody. Later on, a remix version of the song was aired on February 10, 2008 as the wake-up song. On the February 24, 2008 episode, a song titled "Wake-Up" was used. Since March 23, 2008, the show's wake-up song is a combination of the members' songs mixing various voices into the melody. For example, MC Mong's hit single, "Circus", could be heard, or the classic favorite "Words I Couldn't Say" ("하지못한말") by Lee Seung-gi was mixed with Kang Ho-dong's "Seung-Gi yah" shout. Also, the voices of the cast and crew are included in all of the wake up song, but mostly Kang Ho-dong. Kim Hye-yeon made an appearance on the show on August 31, 2008 singing "Please Endure" live to wake the cast up, which surprised the cast.
Wake-up mission.
A wake-up mission is usually conducted every morning of their trip to determine the three members who will get to eat breakfast. Members are usually woken up by the snake song, songs of the members, or remixes of songs with the members voices shouting their names. Their wake-up mission for the episode aired November 16, 2009 (the "3rd Severe Winter Camp Training" trip) was canceled due to a blizzard.
Severe summer and winter camp training.
During each season, a "severe" summer and winter camp training trip is held where members had to endure critical conditions—such as building their own tents and making their own food (without utensils), driving in an open-top convertible in the winter or driving with all the windows rolled-up and no air conditioner in a van in the summer. The Severe Winter Camp Training has been held 3 times and the Severe Summer Camp Training has been held twice.
Freestyle trips.
The show will have "freestyle" trips where a captain is selected to be in charge and decide on the location of the trip. The captain who is chosen for freestyle trips usually feels burdensome as it was their responsibility to make the trip fun and have enough filming footage. The first freestyle trip captain was Eun Ji-won. The trip was filmed after Lee Soo-geun's wedding. Eun Ji-won decided to have their at the Nanji Camping location, situated near the Han River in Seoul. Even though, the ride should have taken only 5 minutes to get there, it took them over an hour to reach the Nanji Camping Centre. The second freestyle trip was conducted by MC Mong, who later passed the responsibility to Lee Seung-gi because it was too burdensome. Lee Soo-geun was selected to be the captain for the third freestyle trip when their flights to Jeju do were canceled due to bad weather.
Cast and character.
Cha Tae-hyun.
Cha Tae-hyun's subtitle color is Brown.
Kim Jong-min.
Kim Jong-min started off as one of the original members along with Kang Ho-dong, Lee Soo-geun, and Eun Ji-won. Kim Jong-min had to leave the show due to his mandatory military service. He filmed with the cast until the very last moment (Episode 18) before he had to leave. Kim Jong-min returned to the show as the 7th member after completing his military service in December 2009. Kim Jong-min's subtitle color is blue.
Kim Joo-hyuk.
Kim Joo-hyuk's subtitle color is red.
Kim Jun-ho.
Kim Joon-ho's subtitle color is orange.
Defconn.
Defconn's subtitle color is yellow.
Jung Joon-young.
Jung Joon-young's subtitle color is lime green.
Former members.
Kang Ho-dong.
Kang Ho-dong is the main MC of "1 Night 2 Days". He has won two Grand Prizes (Daesangs) from the KBS Entertainment Awards for his work on the show. He previously starred in an early incarnation of the show, "Are You Ready", but it was canceled due to low viewership ratings. On September 9, 2011, Kang Ho-dong left the show and retired from show business due to allegations of tax evasion, leaving the show with 5 members. Kang Ho-dong's subtitle color is red.
Lee Soo-geun.
Lee Soo-geun is one of the original members who started off in the variety show "Are You Ready". He was the main MC in season 2, taking over Kang Ho-dong's spot. On November 24, 2013, Lee Soo-geun left the show due to being under investigation for suspicion of online illegal gambling.
Lee Soo-geun's subtitle color is gray.
Eun Ji-won.
Eun Ji-won, like Kang Ho-dong and Lee Soo-geun, was one of the original members, who started off in the variety show Are You Ready and has since been appearing on every episode. Eun Ji-won left the show along with Lee Seung-gi on February 26, 2012. Eun Ji-won's subtitle color is orange.
Lee Seung-gi.
Lee Seung-gi joined the cast on their trip to Pyeongchang, Gangwondo. He was the replacement for Noh Hong-chul who left the show due to medical reasons. In the show he is nicknamed heodang by Kim C due to being often empty-headed. He along with Kim C are considered often the brains of group (in quizzes). In a poll regarding looks, he was ranked first,followed by Sanggeun. Lee Seung-gi left the show with Eun Ji-won on February 26, 2012. Lee Seung-gi's subtitle color is sea green.
MC Mong.
MC Mong joined the cast on episodes 19–20 as the replacement for Kim Jong-min who left due to mandatory military service. MC Mong was the last replacement of the current group. MC Mong's subtitle color is brown. MC Mong has been put on hiatus and did not take part in the filming on September 17, 2010 due to the investigation of his mandatory military service. The producers had made an official announcement that MC Mong's appearance will be deferred until a final judgment has been made and the rest of the five members will continue filming during his absence. Taking into the account of the viewers' feelings and opinions, the episode set to be aired on September 19, 2010 will edit MC Mong's parts as much as possible. This trip will be broadcast in one episode (instead of the usual two episode). They had already started editing MC Mong's parts since the September 12, 2010 episode. It has been confirmed in December 2010 that he has been banned from KBS.
Kim C.
Kim C joined as a member on their sixth trip (episodes 13–14). He was the replacement member for Ji Sang-ryul, who now appears in SBS "Good Sunday"'s "Family Outing 2". Kim C was absent on their trip to Geochang, South Gyeongsang due to the death of his father. Kim C had decided to leave the show in order to devote more time into music. According to sources, Kim C had originally intended to leave the show after filming the trip for Antarctica, however due to the trip being canceled, his leave was delayed. Kim C approached the producers of the show six months before and informed them of his leave. On the other hand, the members found out Kim C was leaving only two days before the last filming where Kim C called each member as he didn't want to interrupt the mood and bond they had for each other while filming. Kim C's subtitle color was lime green.
Ji Sang-ryul.
Ji Sang-ryul was the first member to leave the show after 7 episodes (3 trips) due to filming commitments for MBC's drama Yi San. After Ji Sang-ryul left, Kim Young-chul and Koyote's Shin Ji were special guests for the next couple of episodes before Kim C joined the cast in the next episode (Episode 13). A year later, Ji Sang-ryul appeared as a guest on the show's 70th episode. Ji Sang-ryul brought a guest along with him on this episode, which was Sangdon the dog, Sanggeun's son. Ji Sang-ryul's subtitle color was green and purple in the Yesan episode.
Noh Hong-chul.
The next member to leave the show was comedy show host Noh Hong-chul, who left after 14 episodes due to exhaustion and focusing on MBC's Saturday variety show "Infinite Challenge". He was quickly replaced in the following episode with ballad singer Lee Seung-gi. No Hongchul's subtitle color was yellow.
Sanggeun.
Sanggeun, who has gain much popularity, is a Great Pyrenees bred-dog that usually accompanies the members on their trip. Sanggeun's real name is Herbie. When Sanggeun first made his appearance on the show, he was named "Sanggeun" by Ji Sang-ryul. Sanggeun has appeared in the MBC drama "Madame Ahyundong". It is known that Sanggeun receives for each episode on the show. On episode 16, a survey was held, where viewers who were in for a sound recording rated the members on the show by placing a sticker on the one who is the "best-looking". Sanggeun was placed second in the rankings, behind Lee Seung-gi who was first. Due to his deteriorating health, Sanggeun was absent from the show for three episodes. Currently, Ji Sang-ryul adopted Sangdon, Sanggeun's son.
Kim Seung-woo.
Kim Seung-woo's subtitle color was Red.
Joo Won.
Joo Won's subtitle color was Hot Pink.
Uhm Tae-woong.
Uhm Tae-woong's first appearance was during the 87th trip to Yangyang, which was broadcast on March 6 and 13, 2011. Uhm Tae-woong 's subtitle color is yellow.
Sung Si-kyung.
Sung Si-kyung's subtitle color is Sea Green.
Yoo Hae-jin.
The newest member who replaced Kim Seung-woo in March 2013.
Yoo Hae-jin's subtitle color is red.
Teams/lines.
Team/line characters are usually formed when the team is split up into two for Bok-bul-bok.
Criticism.
During the early days of "1 Night 2 Days", the show was heavily compared with SBS's "Good Sunday"'s "Family Outing 2" and MBC's "Infinite Challenge", particularly because Noh Hong-chul was part of both "1 Night 2 Days" and "Infinite Challenge" (which aired on Sundays and Saturdays, respectively). However, the concept of the three shows are different. The concept of "1 Night 2 Days" is traveling on a trip with families and friends, while "Infinite Challenge" is a challenge-based variety program with 7 men competing in games.
The episode which aired on July 6, 2008 gained a lot of criticism from viewers because of a smoking scene. On their trip to Baekdusan, Korea, a scene of MC Mong smoking in the bus was not edited and was aired. In 2004, all 3 major broadcasting stations, KBS, MBC and SBS, agreed to prohibit smoking scenes being aired before midnight. The variety program's directors made an official apology on July 7 for not properly editing the scene before airing the program and it will never occur again. This also caused a craze among MC Mong's fans because he promised on another variety show a while back that he would quit smoking.
Viewers protested about the "violent scene" on episode 51, which aired July 20, 2008. The scene was a hidden prank of Kang Ho-dong and Kim C getting into an argument to fool the new director who had joined the show. The production team stated that the fight was not intentional and it left good memories.
On episode 53, which aired August 3, 2008, viewers noticed a caption error when a local area in Inje, Gangwondo was incorrectly titled. Under protests from viewers, the production team posted an official apology on the "Happy Sunday" website.
Another controversy was made on the September 19, 2008 episode, which was filmed during the Lotte Giants & Doosan Bears baseball game. One of the issues was that the staff occupied a large section of seats (50 seats) for the six members. The other issue was not allowing other ticket holders to get to their seats. The production team has explained that it was to protect the safety of the six members and they did not mean to stop people from getting to their seats. The day the game was broadcast, "SBS Sports" said the visit of the "1 Night 2 Days" team brought a positive mood to the people in Busan. On the other hand, "MBC ESPN" had negative remarks regarding the "1 Night 2 Days" team.
The next controversy was on the episode aired September 21, 2008. Scenes of Lee Soo-geun smoking in the village was caught on tape and aired.
On the episode aired December 7, 2008, more drinking and smoking scenes appeared. It was deemed unsuitable for families watching the show with their children.
More controversy surfaced after the airing of the March 15, 2009 episode. It was said that Kang Ho-dong had uttered the profanity "XX-bitch" in one of the scenes. But the production team denied that Kang Ho-dong had said such a thing on the show and that it was just noises during the car ride.
Another controversy was when MC Mong's manager, Lee Heon-suk, said "육사시미", when it was more appropriate for him to say a similar saying that was of the Korean language.
On the episode aired October 4, 2009, some of the members met the 1988 Summer Olympics opening ceremony ring-boy, Yoon Tae-woong during their hike in the mountains. Viewers wrote on the show's message board that "it was a set-up" and "how can it be a coincidence."
Another controversy emerged when Lee Seung-gi was indirectly promoting beer he endorsed when he made his beer-can chicken on the episode aired November 11, 2009. Although the brand name was blurred at times, the name of the beer was still seen.
The second subtitle controversy was on the episode that aired November 15, 2009. The production team made an apology on the message boards. As for the re-runs of this episode, the subtitles have been changed.
It was announced that on March 9, 2010, the cast and crew of "1 Night 2 Days" will take a trip to Antarctica to visit the King Sejong Station. Viewers' opinions were mixed, with some thinking it will be a great experience while others think they should not go. Nonetheless, the production team still had plans to leave on March 9 for the beginning of filming. A small group of the production team even left in February for Chile to prepare for the trip, but they had no choice but to leave and return to Korea after staying in Chile for a week. The reason was due to a blizzard that prevented them from taking a flight to Antarctica from Chile. The production crew had bought brand new HD cameras, lighting equipment and microphones to film the beauty of Antarctica and bring the best resolution to viewers. However due to the 2010 Chile earthquake on February 27, the production crew had to search for alternate routes to get to Antarctica. Unfortunately, it was announced that the crew had decided to cancel their trip. The producer said they will plan for an Antarctica trip in 2011.
Media response.
On December 27, 2008 at the 2008 KBS Entertainment Awards, all six cast members were present at the award show and performed "No Matter What" by Park Sang-chul. The show took home five awards – Best Newcomer (Variety), Best Variety Show Writer, Top Popularity Award, Viewer's Choice Program, and the Grand Prize (Daesang). In the Top Popularity Award category, three out of the four nominees were from "1 Night 2 Days" – Eun Ji-won, MC Mong, and Lee Seung-gi, for which Lee won the award. The Viewer's Choice Program was based on viewer's votes through surveys and SMS. "Happy Sunday" ended up with 108.3% of the votes, and trailing behind them with 40.3% of the votes was "Happy Together" ("Gag Concert" with 33.1% of votes, "A Chat with Beauties" with 12.9% of the votes and "Sang Sang Plus" with 5.3% of the votes).
Digital single.
A digital single of the show's theme song was released on March 29, 2010 and was first heard on episode 135, which was aired March 28, 2010. The title of the song is called "Let's Go Paradise" and is sung by Gil Hak-mi (a contestant on Mnet's talent show "Superstar K Season 1") and Han Bora (from AB Avenue).

</doc>
<doc id="19630336" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19630336" title="List of British actors and actresses">
List of British actors and actresses

This is a list of notable actresses and male actors from the United Kingdom. This list includes acting people of film, radio, stage and television.

</doc>
<doc id="19630343" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19630343" title="Treximet">
Treximet

Treximet (formerly known as Trexima) is a medication manufactured by GlaxoSmithKline and POZEN Pharmaceutical Development Company for the treatment of migraines.
Active ingredients.
It combines 85 mg of sumatriptan (as the succinate), a selective 5-hydroxytryptamine1 (5-HT1) receptor subtype agonist and 500 mg of naproxen sodium, a member of the arylacetic acid group of nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs), in one tablet.
This drug has a unique RT formulation that allows for the rapid disintegration of the sumatriptan, but it does not affect the disintegration of the naproxen sodium component.
It targets nerves and blood vessels believed to trigger a migraine and relieves the inflammation that can cause migraine pain.
In clinical trials, Treximet provided a significantly greater percentage of patients migraine pain relief at two hours compared to sumatriptan 85 mg or naproxen sodium 500 mg alone. In addition, Treximet provided more patients sustained migraine pain relief from two to 24 hours compared to the individual components.
Sumatriptan is also available in the United States as an inexpensive generic prescription medicine, while naproxen is also inexpensive and over the counter. Many doctors and pharmacists saw the addition of a simple over the counter pain reliever to sumatriptan, and the subsequent marketing of Treximet as a "new" product, with a price of over $200 for 9 tablets, as a cynical ploy by GlaxoSmithKline to continue making brand-name profits when its patent for sumatriptan expired.
Clinical trials.
During clinical trials Treximet performed better than placebo and better than the single ingredients by themselves. Treximet provided lasting relief in some cases for 24 hours. Treximet was also effective in reducing symptoms of migraines, such as nausea and sensitivity to light or sound.
Side effects.
Some of the listed side effects include dizziness, nausea, sleepiness, dry mouth, pain in neck, throat or jaw, numbness or tingling.
Increased risks.
Treximet may cause increased risks of clotting, heart attack and stroke. Treximet may also increase risks of gastrointestinal problems and ulcers. It increases sex drive. reference or delete

</doc>
<doc id="19630345" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19630345" title="Jang Sang-Won">
Jang Sang-Won

Jang Sang-Won (; born September 30, 1977) is a South Korean football player.
His previous club is Ulsan Hyundai, Daegu FC.

</doc>
<doc id="19630357" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19630357" title="Cornelius L. Reid">
Cornelius L. Reid

Cornelius Lawrence Reid (Jersey City, NJ, February 7, 1911 - New York, NY, February 3, 2008), was a well-known vocal pedagogue in New York City, specialist in the bel canto technique, and author of books on bel canto.
Life.
Childhood
As a boy of nine Reid became a chorister in the choir of Trinity Church, New York. This time of regular singing in a good choir at a young age had a profound influence on him: "Retrospectively, one of the great advantages of the training given the choirboys of Trinity Church at that time was that the technique of tone production was never a matter for discussion. To the contrary, we were simply encouraged to sing musically and to pronounce the words distinctly. Singing itself was the object of study, not the mechanics of singing. Looking back over the many decades I have been teaching singing, this has been a continuing emphasis, the purpose being to communicate through the act of singing itself."
Vocal fatigue
When his voice changed from soprano to baritone, he had voice lessons with various teachers in New York, including the vocal scientist Dr. Douglas Stanley for whom he was an assistant from 1934 to 1937. Through vocal strain brought on by confusing and contradictory voice training, he was forced to abandon a career in singing. He began to question the teaching methods being used and this induced him to develop his own ideas on functional vocal training, which, while completely based on earlier Italian methods, were combined with insights afforded by modern science. "...I spent hours at the New York Public Library researching books on vocal pedagogy. I had been so outraged because of the incompetence of the teaching I had experienced and witnessed that I was determined to search for better answers. I had come to realize that my vocal situation was not unique in that many promising young singers had been victimized. Indeed it appeared to be the rule rather than the exception." Dr. Stephen F. Austin also supports the researching of earlier books on bel canto: "...there are wonderful sources that can help us get back on track. Tosi's "Observations on the Florid Song", Mancini's "Practical Reflections on the Art of Singing" are two great places to start. At first you may find the lack of detail frustrating. Specific exercises are rare, but the principles are stated clearly, and therein lies their greatest worth. These early writings lay the foundation for the work of C. Reid. He didn't invent the two-register theory, but he certainly rediscovered it and has made it available and useful. There are many valuable resources that every voice teacher should know: the writings of the Lampertis, García, Stockhausen, and of course, Cornelius Reid."
Research and teaching
In the 1940s Cornelius Reid was a pioneer in the research into the writings of singers and teachers (17th to 19th century) on early vocal techniques. This led him to write seven books and many articles on singing and bel canto. He taught voice in New York City for almost seventy five years, teaching until shortly before his 97th birthday. Many of his students have become well-known singers and voice teachers. He was invited to give many master classes in North America, Europe, as well as in Japan and Australia. His teaching has had influence on the teaching of singing in North America, Europe and Asia. Several cities in Germany offered 1- and 2-week master classes with him for up to eight years. His influence in Germany can easily be seen in the German version of Wikipedia: see the article: "Gesangsregister".
Criticism
Reid and others who have written about bel canto in the modern period, have inevitably been going against the mainstream and thus have always been open to criticism. Pedro de Alcantara, an Alexander teacher, supports both Reid as well as Husler/Rodd-Marling, who published "Singing: The Physical Nature of the Vocal Organ" in 1965: "The free-thinking Reid and the collaborating duo of Frederick Husler and Yvonne Rodd-Marling have put forth watertight arguments for the correct relationship of cause and effect as regards breathing and singing. Their books have proved highly controversial, yet their detractors, rather than disproving the points made by their writers, have resorted to "ad hominem" attacks such as 'He is crazy.' Alexander was fond of saying that 'it doesn't alter a fact because you can't feel it'. We can expand the dictum to say that it does not alter a fact because you cannot understand it, nor because you can not accept it." When Reid's first three books were published as a Trilogy in 1975, Richard Dyer-Bennet wrote: "Today's world, in all its aspects, seems to vacillate between mechanistic and mystical approaches to problems. As always, the true path lies somewhere between the extremes, and Reid indicates the path. Due partly to misinterpretation and partly simply to neglect, contemporary teachers have deserted the old, productive principles of "bel canto". As author and teacher, Reid has now firmly re-established these principles and, with added insights of his own, leaves us with no excuse to again lose our way."
Writings on Bel canto
Reid's first book "Bel Canto: Principles and Practices" came out in 1950 and was followed by "The Free Voice: A Guide to Natural Singing" in 1965 and "Voice: Psyche and Soma", 1975. These were later reprinted by the Joseph Patelson Music House in 1975 as a Trilogy. In 1977 he was awarded a grant by the Ford Foundation to compile "A Dictionary of Vocal Terminology - An Analysis" - the only one of its kind. Several more books came out in the 1990s including "Essays on the Nature of Singing" and a translation of "Vocal Exercises: Their Purpose and Dynamics" was published in Germany. For his 90th birthday a festschrift "The Modern Singing Master: Essays in Honor of Cornelius L. Reid" was published. Debra Greschner wrote in the "Journal of Singing": "The annals of voice pedagogy are filled with references to singing masters of the bel canto era. Editors Ariel Bybee and James E. Ford, in their choice of title for this compendium, simultaneously acknowledge that pedagogical tradition and pay homage to the teacher they believe follows in that lineage: Cornelius L. Reid. Reid's publications are well known to any serious student of voice pedagogy." Several of his books have also been translated into German, Japanese and Korean.
Pedagogy.
Reid's teachings were based on the books of famous voice teachers of the 17th to the 19th centuries. They included Giulio Caccini, Pier Francesco Tosi, Giovanni Battista Mancini, Domenico Corri, Francesco Lamperti, Giovanni Battista Lamperti, Manuel Patricio Rodríguez García, Isaac Nathan and Julius Stockhausen.
In the festschrift Stephen F. Austin honors Cornelius Reid and those that have studied with him: "Only rarely does one find a voice teacher employing a method in which the registers of the voice are being used in the way that made singing in the bel canto era the greatest that mankind has known. If such a teacher is discovered, it is most likely that he or she has been influenced, directly or indirectly, by one man. Cornelius Reid has made a singular contribution to vocal pedagogy because he has kept the ancient traditions of teaching as established and tested in the fire of the eighteenth-century opera houses alive in the twentieth century—and now the twenty-first century."
A summary of Reid's pedagogy appeared in the "Journal of Singing": "Reid's approach rests upon the two register theory and a belief that the only factors that can exert voluntary control upon the involuntary laryngeal muscles are pitch, intensity and vowel. Exercises employing various combinations of these three controls, in combination with the use of "functional listening"—a careful analysis of the registrational balances—will result in a free technique."
Publications.
Books
Articles

</doc>
<doc id="19630367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19630367" title="Prydein (band)">
Prydein (band)

Prydein is an American Celtic rock group formed in 1999. They are notable for their use of bagpipes in a rock band setting. They were formed in Burlington, Vermont, and have released three albums to date. Prydein has played many major festivals up and down the East Coast and the Midwest United States, including the Celtic Classic, New Hampshire Highland Games, and the Detroit Highland Games, and have been featured at the Eastern States Exposition for five years and the New World Festival for 10 years.
History.
1995-1998: Whisky Before Breakfast.
Prydein came about when the band Whisky Before Breakfast split up and the members went different ways. Whisky Before Breakfast started in March 1996 by a group of University of Vermont students. Three out of five of the members came from the UVM Living and Learning Center's "Experimental Music Program." Joined by traditional bagpiper Iain MacHarg (Highland and Lowland bagpipes, flute, penny whistle) and fiddler Ellery Klein (later of Gaelic Storm), Whisky Before Breakfast released its first official CD in April 1997, titled" Hell's Brook". Originally recorded in September 1996, the album came out after Whisky's fiddler, Ellery, had moved to Japan to teach English. Throughout the year, the remaining four (Aron Garceau, Sam Hooker, Eric Garland and Iain MacHarg) went on to form a Celtic-rock quartet. The band's sound changed immensely, filling out the parts to counter the loss of the fiddle.
In 1998, the group produced and recorded its second album, "Time Well Spent". After the release of this album and a summer tour, the group broke up after playing the Celtic Classic.
1999-2000: Early days.
Prydein was formed in 1999, just after the breakup of Whisky Before Breakfast. Aron Garceau and Iain MacHarg decided that they wanted to continue on in the genre and had a lot of music left to play. Their first album, "Unfinished Business", came out in 1999 with Peter Kelly on drums. The role of bass wasn't filled when work on the CD first started. Vermont musician Aaron Flynn played bass on half the album and Jeff Margolis was later recruited to become Prydein's fourth member and finished playing the rest of the bass parts. After touring in support of the album for a year, taking the band to Virginia and New Hampshire, Aron and Iain decided to end the band for a while, as busy schedules and personality conflicts came into play.
2001-2005: Middle years.
In 2001, Iain got a call to perform at the New World Festival in Randolph, Vermont. Pete and Jeff had already left the band, so Iain recruited Andrew Adams to play the part of drummer and Aron recruited Andy Smith to play bass. Aron, who had been playing in the jazz sextet Jazzmosis, recruited Jazzmosis member Andy Smith as bassist. With this lineup, the band performed in Florida for the SASF Highland Games and New World Festival every year. The boys were joined by a fifth member, Hazen Metro on highland bagpipes, a student of Iain's and member of Iain's Catamount Pipe Band.
2006-2012: Modern era.
In 2006, Aron recruited Jazzmosis drummer Caleb Bronz to join the band after Andrew Adams moved on. The band was also joined by another highland bagpiper, 16-year-old Willa Davie, another of Iain's students and member of the Catamount Pipe Band. This lineup played their first gig on Main Street in Concord, New Hampshire for Concord Market Days. As Hazen and Willa each graduated high school and moved on to college Prydein become a quartet again, often joined on stage by other pipers who happened to be in the audience. In 2007, the band recorded its second album, "Loud Pipes (Save Lives)" with its trademark set ender, "Stairway to Scotland", a version of Amazing Grace and Scotland the Brave. The band later recorded a third album, "Heads Up", which was released in 2010. After the release of "Heads Up" the band was joined by Dan Houghton (founding member of the Scottish band Cantrip) who plays bagpipes, flute and bouzuki.
Music.
Prydein has been compared to Celtic-music-meets Motörhead and AC/DC. Christopher Toler of Shite 'n' Onions said "although the band does dip a toe into the pools of funk, ska, rockabilly, metal, and of course, Celtic music, they are at their heart a rock band.".

</doc>
<doc id="19630373" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19630373" title="First Parish Church, Arlington Massachusetts">
First Parish Church, Arlington Massachusetts

First Parish Church in Arlington, Massachusetts is a Unitarian-Universalist congregation, founded originally in 1678 (as First Parish in West Cambridge). It merged with the Arlington Universalist Congregation in 1962. The Highrock Church building originally housed the Universalist church in Arlington, one of the congregations joined in 1961 with the formation of the Unitarian Universalist Association, with the Unitarian congregation at the corner of Pleasant and Massachusetts Avenue.

</doc>
<doc id="19630374" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19630374" title="Cho Hong-Kyu">
Cho Hong-Kyu

Cho Hong-Kyu (; born 24 July 1983) is a South Korean football player who previously played for Daegu FC, Pohang Steelers and Daejeon Citizen.
Club career.
Cho joined Daegu FC as a draft player for the 2006 season. While little more than a squad player during 2006 making only intermittent appearances during the season, Cho was a regular starter during the 2007 season. Seeing little matchplay in 2008, Cho transferred to the Pohang Steelers for the 2009 season. Despite the move, Cho still struggled to establish himself as a first choice at the Steelers, and has made the move to Daejeon Citizen for the 2011 K-League season.

</doc>
<doc id="19630381" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19630381" title="Harlow S. Orton">
Harlow S. Orton

Harlow S. Orton (1817–1895) was an American lawyer and legislator from Wisconsin who served as a member of the Wisconsin Supreme Court from 1878 to 1895, and chief justice for 1894-95. He is chiefly remembered as the author of "Vosburg v. Putney" (1890). 
Background.
Orton was born in Niagara County, New York on November 23, 1817 and educated at the Hamilton Academy and then at Madison University (which later changed its name to Colgate University). In 1837, Orton moved to Kentucky, where he spent a year as a school teacher, before joining his brother Myron, who was a lawyer, in Indiana. Harlow Orton was called to the bar in 1838. Orton practiced law for five years. In 1843, Indiana Governor Samuel Bigger (a Whig) appointed Orton circuit judge for Porter County, Indiana. 
Orton served as an Indiana judge for four years. In 1847, he moved to Milwaukee, in the Wisconsin Territory, and again set himself up as a private lawyer. In 1852, Orton moved to Madison, Wisconsin to serve as legal counsel and private secretary for Whig Governor of Wisconsin Leonard J. Farwell. 
Assembly service and 1855 election.
He was elected as a Whig member of the Wisconsin State Assembly from Dane County's 5th Assembly district (the then-Village of Madison, and theTowns of Town of Madison, Blooming Grove, , Westport, Vienna, and Windsor) in 1853, succeeding Democrat Mathew Roche. He was succeeded by Democrat William R. Taylor. 
In the 1855 Wisconsin general election, Republican Coles Bashford narrowly defeated Democrat William A. Barstow. Barstow sued and was ultimately successful in having the Wisconsin Supreme Court declare him the winner of the election. Orton was Bashford's lawyer in this proceeding. 
In 1858, Orton was again elected to the Assembly, succeeding Democrat Frank Gault in a 5th District which now included the Towns of Dane, Vienna, Westport, Springfield, Middleton, and Madison (but only the 1st Ward of the City of Madison), and described his profession as "Capt. of the Dane Cavalry"; he was assigned to the standing committees on the judiciary and the militia. In 1859, Orton was appointed judge for the 9th Judicial Circuit to fill the vacancy left by Luther S. Dixon, who became a Wisconsin Supreme Court justice. (Orton was succeeded in the Assembly by Republican Leonard Farwell.) Orton resigned as circuit judge in 1865 and returned to private law practice.
U.W. Law School and elected offices.
Orton served as dean of the University of Wisconsin Law School from 1869 to 1874. He was elected a final time to the Assembly in 1870, this time unopposed, as an independent or "people's" candidate; he described himself as a "'a conservative democrat, or democratic-whig, or independent, believes in a strong government of the people". (Democratic incumbent Alden Sanborn was not running for re-election.) He was succeeded in 1871 (the Assembly having been redistricted in the meantime) by Democrat John Gurnee. Orton ran for Congress in 1876 as a Democrat, against Republican incumbent Lucien B. Caswell, but lost by 348 votes (.55% of the vote); and served one term as mayor of Madison in 1877.
Supreme Court.
In 1877, Wisconsin amended its constitution to create two more seats on the Supreme Court and Orton was elected. Orton became the chief justice when Chief Justice William Lyon retired in 1894.
Orton was on the Supreme Court until he died July 4, 1895. He and his wife Elizabeth Cheney had four children.

</doc>
<doc id="19630388" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19630388" title="Sean Bennett">
Sean Bennett

William Sean Bennett (born November 9, 1975) is a former professional American and Canadian football running back. He was drafted by the New York Giants of the National Football League (NFL) in the fourth round of the 1999 NFL Draft. He played college football for the Evansville Purple Aces, Illinois Fighting Illini and Northwestern Wildcats.
Bennett began his collegiate career as a baseball and football player at the University of Illinois, but transferred to the University of Evansville after one year. At Evansville he was an All-American two–times but had to transfer due to the school dropping football as a sport. Bennett then attended Northwestern University where he was a fullback and was mainly a blocker but did get a few rushing attempts.
Since he was a senior after his single season at Northwestern, he elected to enter the 1999 NFL Draft and surprised many by being selected by the New York Giants in the fourth round. He played four seasons in New York but ended up injured each season and was released after 2002. He then joined the New York Jets but was released before the season began. After his failed stints in New York he played for the Canadian Football League's Ottawa Renegades and Toronto Argonauts; and the Evansville BlueCats of the Indoor Football League.
Early career.
Sean Bennett was born on November 9, 1975 in Evansville, Indiana. In high school, Bennett played baseball and football and was hoping to become a professional baseball player. In football he played wide receiver and was named All–State and in baseball his batting average was .425 over four years.
Following his senior season in high school, Bennett accepted a baseball and football scholarship at the University of Illinois. However at the end of his freshman year he decided to drop baseball and transfer to the University of Evansville. When asked why he dropped baseball, Bennett responded, "I couldn't hit." At Evansville, his hometown, Bennett converted to running back after mainly playing wide receiver before that. As a sophomore and junior, he was a two-time All-American and set school records in rushing and touchdowns. However, after his junior season the school decided to drop football forcing Bennett to transfer to Northwestern University. At Northwestern, Bennett became the starting fullback. In his only year he had 32 rushes and 160 yards.
Professional career.
1999–2003.
On March 10, 1999, when some National Football League (NFL) scouts came to work out D'Wayne Bates and Barry Gardner, Bennett decided to join the workout. When he ran the 40 yard dash in 4.45 seconds, scouts were reportedly, "doing double-takes".
Bennett was selected by the New York Giants in the fourth round of the 1999 National Football League Draft. As a rookie in 1999, Bennett missed seven games due to a knee injury. After undergoing surgery on the knee, he missed all of the 2000 season. In 2001, New York expected Bennett to work in tandem with Tiki Barber but after suffering a hamstring injury, he was released on September 3, 2001. After multiple injuries to their running backs, the Giants became interested in re-signing Bennett but because of NFL rules they were unable to do so until January 2002. During this time period, he was offered contracts by the Philadelphia Eagles and Miami Dolphins but rejected both hoping to return to the Giants. He re-signed with the Giants on January 16, 2002. During the season, Bennett was returned to the wide receiver position he played in high school, due to multiple injuries suffered by the Giants players in that position. He was waived on December 4, 2002.
On April 1, 2003, the New York Jets signed Bennett. He was released on August 23, 2003.
2004–2007.
Bennett signed with the Ottawa Renegades on March 3, 2004. He was cut at the end of training camp. On June 16, 2004, after he was cut he signed with the Evansville BlueCats of the Indoor Football League. Bennett left the BlueCats and was re-signed to the Renegades practice roster. On July 27, he was activated and played in three games for Ottawa. In 2005, he played in five games recording 76 yards on four catches. With Ottawa, Bennett returned to playing fullback which he played at Northwestern. After the season he re-joined Evansville for one season. After Ottawa folded at the end of 2005, he entered the CFL Dispersal Draft and was selected by the Toronto Argonauts. When he was drafted he was playing once again for the Evansville BlueCats, but left the team in favor of Toronto. During his only season in Toronto, Bennett suffered a finger injury that allowed him to play in only three games. The Argonauts won all three games Bennett played for them.
After leaving the game of football in 2007, Bennett became a trainer at Tri-State Athletic Club in Evansville.

</doc>
<doc id="19630390" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19630390" title="Joan Butler, Countess of Ormond">
Joan Butler, Countess of Ormond

Joan Butler ("née" de Beauchamp), Countess of Ormond (1396 – 3 or 5 August 1430) was the first wife of James Butler, 4th Earl of Ormond, and the mother of his five children. Their principal residence was Kilkenny Castle in Ireland.
Life.
Joan de Beauchamp was the daughter of William de Beauchamp, 1st Baron Bergavenny and his first wife, Joan Arundel. She had a brother and sister:
Joan's paternal grandparents were Thomas de Beauchamp, 11th Earl of Warwick and Katherine Mortimer, and her maternal grandparents were Richard Fitzalan, 11th Earl of Arundel and Elizabeth de Bohun.
Joan de Beauchamp died 3 or 5 August 1430, and was buried in the Mercers' Chapel, St Thomas of Acre, London.
Marriage and issue.
She married, before 28 August 1413, James Butler, 4th Earl of Ormond, by whom she had three sons and two daughters:

</doc>
<doc id="19630392" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19630392" title="Hwang Sun-Pil">
Hwang Sun-Pil

Hwang Sun-Pil (Hangul: 황선필; born 14 July 1981) is a South Korean football defender, who last played for Busan IPark in the K-League.
Hwang's professional career began with Daegu FC. In December 2008, he joined Gwangju Sangmu for military service. On 4 January 2011, Hwang transferred to the Chunnam Dragons. On 20 January 2012, he moved to Busan I'Park.

</doc>
<doc id="19630407" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19630407" title="Led Zeppelin (disambiguation)">
Led Zeppelin (disambiguation)

Led Zeppelin are an English rock band that formed in 1968.
"Led Zeppelin" may also refer to different works released by the band mentioned above:

</doc>
<doc id="19630415" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19630415" title="Bang Dae-Jong">
Bang Dae-Jong

Bang Dae-Jong (; born 28 January 1985) is a South Korean football defender. He currently plays for the Chunnam Dragons in the K League Classic, having previously played for Daegu FC.
Club career.
Bang is a draftee from Dong-A University, joining Daegu FC for the 2008 season. Making only intermittent appearances during 2008, he was more successful during the 2009 season, playing most of the games of the regular K-League season. He was made captain of the senior squad for the 2010 season. On 4 January 2011, Bang transferred to Chunnam Dragons.

</doc>
<doc id="19630419" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19630419" title="Military attachés and war correspondents in the First World War">
Military attachés and war correspondents in the First World War

Military attachés and war correspondents in the First World War were historians creating first-hand accounts of a multi-national, multi-continent, multi-ocean military conflict. In this multi-year series of military engagements across a worldwide landscape of theaters of battle, the military taxonomy of war became increasingly complex.
The First World War was the first modern mediated war in the sense that warfare becomes conflicts and controversies between parties who exchange information and arguments indirectly by the mass media. The discourse in mediated conflicts is influenced by its public character. By forwarding information and arguments to the media, conflict parties attempt to gain support from their constituencies and persuade their opponents.
Overview.
The multi-national military attachés and observers who took part in the First World War were expressly engaged in collecting data and analyzing the interplay between tactics, strategy, and technical advances in weapons and machines of modern warfare. Military theorist Carl von Clausewitz stressed the significance of grasping the fundamentals of any situation in the "blink of an eye" ("coup d'œil"). In a military context, the astute tactician can immediately grasp a range of implications and can begin to anticipate plausible and appropriate courses of action, but World War I resisted the conventional pre-war taxonomies and paradigms.
Military and civilian observers from every major power closely followed the course of the war. Most were able to report on events from a perspective somewhat like what is now termed "embedded" positions within the land and naval forces of both sides. These military attachés, naval attachés and other observers prepared voluminous first-hand accounts of the war and analytical papers. In-depth observer narratives of the war and more narrowly-focused professional journal articles were written soon after the war; and these post-war reports conclusively illustrated the battlefield destructiveness of this conflict.
The functions of a military attaché are illustrated by the American military attachés in Japan during the war years. A series of military officers had been assigned to the American diplomatic mission in Tokyo since 1901 when the US and Japan were co-operating closely in response to the Boxer Rebellion in China. The military attaché advised the United States Ambassador to Japan on military matters, acted as a liaison between US Army and the Imperial General Headquarters, and gathered and disseminated intelligence. The military attaché's office in Tokyo usually had two assistants and a number of "language officers" who were assigned specifically to learn Japanese whilst attached to Japanese Imperial Army regiments as observers. These "language officers" translated training and technical manuals and reported on conditions in Japanese military units.
War correspondents.
Press coverage of the war was affected by restrictions on the movement of non-combatant observers and strict censorship. This raises the question of the role the media plays in selecting news about such conflicts. Events which support the position of either one of the protagonists in a conflict are understood as instrumental factors in the modern mediated conflict; and the publication of information on these events is construed as one of the major goals of the conflicting parties and one important activity of journalists.
In Britain, there were initially five official accredited war correspondents: Philip Gibbs, Percival Philips, William Beach Thomas, Henry Perry Robinson, and Herbert Russell. Their reports were vetted by C. E. Montague. Other writers and journalists who later received official accreditation from the British government were John Buchan, Valentine Williams, Hamilton Fyfe, Henry Nevinson and Robert Donald.

</doc>
<doc id="19630427" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19630427" title="Rob G.">
Rob G.

Rob G (born December 4, 1973) is an American comics artist who has done work for DC Comics, Image Comics, and AiT/Planet Lar, and is best known for "Teenagers from Mars" and "The Couriers".
Biography.
Rob G. studied art at Virginia Commonwealth University in Richmond, Virginia, until late 1997 when he moved to New York City and began self-publishing "Teenagers from Mars" with Rick Spears after self-publishing their second graphic novel "Dead West", the pair published the comic series "Repo" with Image Comics.
He lives in Portland, Oregon, with his wife and daughter.
Bibliography.
Comics work includes:

</doc>
<doc id="19630428" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19630428" title="Geotraces">
Geotraces

GEOTRACES an international research programme that aims to improve our understanding of biogeochemical cycles in the oceans.
The concept of cycle describes the pathway by which a chemical element moves through the three major compartments of Earth (such as continents, atmosphere, and ocean). Because these cycles are directly related to climate dynamics and are heavily impacted by global change, it is essential to quantify them.
GEOTRACES focuses on the oceanic part of the cycles, with the ambition to map the distribution of trace elements and isotopes in the ocean and to understand the processes controlling this distribution. Some of these trace elements are directly linked to climate via, for example, their role as essential nutrients for life; others allow quantification of ocean processes (origin and dynamics of matter, age of water masses, etc.); some of them are pollutants (for example, lead or mercury). Modelling based on the data collected will thus achieve substantial progress in understanding the current and past of the ocean and improve projections of the ocean’s response to global change.
GEOTRACES is organised internationally under the auspices of the Scientific Committee for Oceanic Research (of the International Council for Science). Its management is overseen by a Scientific Steering Committee (SSC), with representatives of 15 nations from across the globe, and the programme involves active participation of more than 30 nations. 
The GEOTRACES SSC was initially led by co-chairs, Prof. Robert F. Anderson of the Lamont-Doherty Earth Observatory (Columbia University) and Prof. Gideon M. Henderson of Oxford University. Current co-chairs are Prof. Ed Boyle of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology and Reiner Schlitzer of the Alfred Wegener Institute.
Genesis.
After some years in the planning and enabling phase, the GEOTRACES Science Plan was published in 2006 and the GEOTRACES programme formally launched its seagoing effort in January 2010. This phase is expected to last a decade.
Challenges and benefits.
Trace elements serve as regulators of biological processes in the ocean, influencing marine ecosystem dynamics and the carbon cycle. Despite this significance, knowledge of the marine biogeochemical cycles of these essential micronutrients is surprisingly incomplete. GEOTRACES is quantifying the supply, removal, internal cycling, chemical form and distribution of essential micronutrients and other trace elements. Understanding the sensitivity of these biogeochemical cycles to changing environmental condition will improve projections of the ocean’s response to global change.
The cycles of many trace elements and isotopes have been impacted significantly by human activity, which has increased the discharge of harmful elements into the ocean. GEOTRACES’ emphasis on understanding the processes regulating the marine biogeochemical cycles of trace elements will improve prediction of the transport and fate of contaminants in the ocean and thereby help to protect the ocean environment.
Much of what is known about ocean conditions in the past and, therefore, about the ocean’s role in climate variability is derived from trace element and isotope patterns recorded in marine archives (sediments, corals, etc.). Greater knowledge of the processes governing these tracers in the modern ocean will improve interpretation of ocean conditions in the past, from which more reliable prediction of future changes can be made.
Goals.
Benefits will be realised by pursuing two overarching goals:
Activities.
GEOTRACES cruises.
The central component of GEOTRACES is a series of cruises spanning the global ocean and sampling the full water column. These dedicated GEOTRACES cruises will collect water without contamination and particles for analysis of a wide range of trace element and isotopes This strategy is guided by the principle that more will be learned through complementary investigation of multiple trace elements than can be achieved in an exhaustive study of one element in isolation.
Intercalibration.
Ensuring accuracy of the results is essential if GEOTRACES is to build a meaningful global dataset. To this end, the [http://www.geotraces.org/science/intercalibration] Standards and Intercalibration (S&I) Committee is in charge of securing that truthful and precise data are generated in the GEOTRACES Program through the use of appropriate sampling protocols, analytical standards and certified reference materials, and the active sharing of methods and results. 
Since the concentration, activity, or chemical speciation of a trace element or isotope can be affected by sampling methods, sample handling, and analytical determinations, GEOTRACES follows the strategy of cruises to occupy a common station along their transects. At the same time two U.S.-led cruises (2008 and 2009) provided samples for intercalibration to laboratories from many countries. Seawater samples are available for use by other labs that wish to join this effort. 
Simple data comparisons like depth profiles show whether there are disagreements and, if so, the investigators can examine their methods and even data work ups to identify and remedy the problems.
Data management.
Compilation of data into secure and readily searchable databases ensures ease of use and is fundamental to the success of the programme. The GEOTRACES Data Assembly Centre (GDAC) is responsible for the compilation, quality control and secure archiving of data received from national data centers and from core international GEOTRACES cruises. It has as its main aims the integration of core GEOTRACES data into global data sets, and making this data accessible to participating scientist and the larger science community according to the GEOTRACES data policy. The GDAC is hosted at the British Oceanographic Data Centre and a dedicated committee with international representation oversees it.

</doc>
<doc id="19630441" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19630441" title="Hwang Ji-Yoon">
Hwang Ji-Yoon

Hwang Ji-Yoon (born May 28, 1983) is a South Korean footballer. He previously played for Jeju United FC, Bucheon SK, Daegu FC, Daejeon Citizen and Sangju Sangmu.

</doc>
<doc id="19630450" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19630450" title="Fallen Angel (25 ta Life album)">
Fallen Angel (25 ta Life album)

Fallen Angel is an extended play by the American hardcore punk band 25 ta Life, which was released on May 23, 2006. It is also available on blue vinyl LP, which was limited to 500 copies. This record was dedicated to Ahileas "Archie" Kalafatis. S.I.B. stands for Strong Islands Boys.

</doc>
<doc id="19630455" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19630455" title="Park Jung-Sik">
Park Jung-Sik

Park Jung-Sik (Hangul: 박정식; Hanja: 朴正植; born 7 March 1983) is a South Korean football player who currently plays as defender.
Club career.
Park made his professional debut with Daegu FC, joining the club for the 2006 season from Honam University. Having established himself as a member of the senior men's squad (although not a regular starter), he has since joined Sangmu while he completes his military obligations.

</doc>
<doc id="19630458" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19630458" title="John Rais">
John Rais

John Rais (born c. 1973) is a designer, blacksmith and sculptor known for his architectural work, vessels, and furniture. Rais primarily works in steel as well as titanium, bronze, copper, stainless steel, and other materials. He is well known for his one-of-a-kind firescreens. Rais was born and raised in Burlington, Massachusetts, the youngest of seven children. Rais was introduced to blacksmithing in a sculpture class at the age of 18. He went to college at the Massachusetts College of Art, graduating in 1995, BFA Sculpture. After working at an architectural ironworks and a living history museum in Massachusetts, he decided to go to graduate school. Rais received his masters of fine arts degree from Cranbrook Academy of Art in 1998, after which he worked at Peters Valley Craft Center as a department head. Rais was a department head of blacksmithing at Peter's Valley from 1998 to 2001. He has run his own design and metalsmithing studio since 1998. He now lives in Shelburne, Massachusetts.
While at Cranbrook, Rais was approached by two collectors to make three fire screens for their large Arts and Crafts style home in Bloomfield, Michigan. This commission was the springboard to him opening a business. Rais opened his studio after graduate school in 1998. He did so with about $850.00 and a fire screen commission. In the early years of the studio, several collectors and gallery shows sustained the studio, including the designer, ceramic artist, mentor and friend, Bennett Bean. In 2001, Rais began to try doing craft shows as a way to reach a wider audience and gain the attention of galleries. His first national show was the Philadelphia Museum of Art Craft Show. He went on to repeatedly exhibit at the Philadelphia Museum Show, Smithsonian Craft Show, Washington Craft Show, and Craft Boston. 
He gained many gallery relationships through these shows. He had shown with and or represented by Thirteen Moons Gallery (now Jane Sauer), Del Mano Gallery, Gallery 500, Mobilia Gallery, and Snyderman-Works Gallery including several others. 
His commissioned architectural work has always been one of a kind. It is collected nationally and is often featured in books and magazines. In 2009 he began working on a Museum acquisition for Yale University Art Galleries. The project is a series of 90 decorative panels that span the railing of the main staircase. The project takes many design cues from the building's Gothic Revival style and is influenced in part by some of the architectural ironwork in the museum by Samuel Yellin. The work is now part of the museum's permanent collection. Rais was one of only three artists commissioned by Yale Art Galleries as part of the museum's massive renovation/expansion completed in 2012. Rais's piece is open for viewing in late 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="19630464" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19630464" title="Jackson W. Moore">
Jackson W. Moore

Jackson W. Moore is an American attorney and retired Executive Chairman of Union Planters Bank and Regions Financial Corporation.
Biography.
Early career.
Jackson W. Moore was born in Birmingham, Alabama on November 2, 1948. He grew up in Clanton, Alabama and graduated from Chilton County High School in 1966. In the fall of 1966, at the age of seventeen, Moore enrolled at the University of Alabama, where he received his Bachelor's degree in banking and finance in 1970. While in college, Moore met Betty Wilson, daughter of Holiday Inn founder, Kemmons Wilson, on a blind date. He and Betty were married in 1971 following his first year at Vanderbilt University Law School, where he graduated in 1973. Following a clerkship with Sullivan and Cromwell in New York City working on mergers and acquisitions, he entered the private practice of law in 1973 in Memphis, Tennessee following a brief stint the United States Army as a Captain in the Adjudant Generals Corp. He remained with the firm until 1989, when he resigned to join Union Planters Bank as President and Chief Operating Officer. Moore had served as a member of the board of directors since 1987.
Moore succeeded Benjamin Rawlins as the CEO of Union Planters Bank after Rawlins died of a heart attack in September, 2000. As Chairman and CEO, Moore took the helm of the largest bank in Tennessee, but under Rawlins' leadership, Union Planters' profitability had declined largely due to over-expansion. Moore closed over two hundred of the bank’s under-performing branches, eliminated unnecessary salaries and expenditures, and streamlined operations. Union Planters’ stock price increased by sixty percent and its net income by twenty-nine percent in the first two years of Moore’s leadership.
Regions & AmSouth.
In January, 2004, Regions Financial Corporation and Union Planters announced plans for a merger of equals that created the twelfth largest bank holding company in the United States and one of the largest banks in the Southeast. The $5.9 billion transaction created an expanded Regions Bank with five million customers and over fifty-six billion dollars in deposits. After one hundred thirty years, the Union Planters’ name was abandoned in favor of Regions though the Union Planters logo was retained for two years. Regions counted 1,400 branches across fifteen states, and it was the largest bank in Louisiana, Alabama, Arkansas, Georgia, Mississippi and Tennessee. Moore was named Chairman and chief executive of the bank and relocated with his family to its new headquarters in Birmingham, Alabama. In October, 2006, Moore oversaw Regions' merger with AmSouth Bancorporation. Upon approval by the Federal Reserve and completion of the merger, the expanded Regions became one of the ten largest bank holding companies in the United States, with over $140 billion in assets, two thousand branches located in sixteen states, and thirty-seven thousand employees. Moore was named Executive Chairman of Regions Bank, but AmSouth's C. Dowd Ritter became CEO of Regions.
Executive Compensation & Retirement.
Moore announced his retirement from Regions effective December 31, 2007. At fifty-eight years old, Moore stated he was entering the "next phase" of his life. Moore, with wife Betty, moved back to Memphis, where he planned to focus on his private equity investments, civic and charitable work and spending time with his family. Moore continues to serve on the Board of Trustees for Vanderbilt University and Chairs the President's Cabinet at The University of Alabama. He continues his support of the Boy Scouts of America, himself a recipient of the Eagle Scout Award and the Distinguished Eagle Scout Award.
The Birmingham Business Journal reported in March, 2007 that Moore was paid Regions Bank over twenty-nine million dollars in 2006. The compensation package Moore received included a base salary of $951,391 and stock awards of over two million dollars, and bonuses of $2.5 million. He was also paid a retirement package of $9.4 million, accrued while CEO of Union Planters Bank. Added perks included a company car, personal use of the company jet, membership dues paid by the company of nineteen thousand dollars and payment of nearly $2 million in life insurance premiums.

</doc>
<doc id="19630481" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19630481" title="Yoon Yeo-San">
Yoon Yeo-San

Yoon Yeo-San (; born 9 July 1982) is a South Korean footballer who currently plays as a defender.
Club career.
Yoon began his professional career with Incheon United, joining the club as a foundation squad member when it entered the K-League in 2004. However, in a two year spell with the club, he made only a single appearance, in an 2005 FA Cup match. 
Yoon then moved to Daegu FC. Initially, he did not play a significant on-field role, although over time he has become a regular starter, playing 26 games in total for the 2009 season. In November 2009, he moved to Sangju Sangmu while he completes his two year military obligations.
In July 2011, He related 2011 South Korean football betting scandal.

</doc>
<doc id="19630502" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19630502" title="Yang Seung-Won">
Yang Seung-Won

Yang Seung-Won (; born 15 July 1985) is a South Korean football defender.
Club career.
Yang joined Daegu FC from Daegu University for the 2008 season, and was initially handed the No. 30 jersey. After making only intermittent appearances (but scoring one goal) for the senior side in 2008, he was firmly established in the side for the 2009 season, playing 23 matches in all competitions. He remains with the club for the 2010 season.
He was related in the South Korean football betting scandal in 2011 and K League suspended him for 2 years.
In 2013, K League reduced his disciplinary punishment and he returned to Daegu.

</doc>
<doc id="19630520" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19630520" title="Sidney D. Gamble">
Sidney D. Gamble

Sidney D. Gamble (July 12, 1890 – 1968) was born in Cincinnati, Ohio, to David Berry and Mary Huggins Gamble; grandson of James Gamble, who, with William Procter, founded Procter & Gamble in 1837. in 1912 he graduated magna cum laude from Princeton University with a Bachelor of Literature degree and was elected to Phi Beta Kappa. He visited China for four extended periods, 1908, 1917–1919, 1924–27, and 1931–1932, doing Christian social work for the Y.M.C.A and conducting social surveys. He is now best known for his remarkable and extensive photographs of Peking and North China.
At his death he left his widow, the former Elizabeth Lowe, four children, Catherine, Louise, David, and Anne, and ten grandchildren. His daughter, Catherine G. Curran, in 1986 established the Sidney D. Gamble Foundation, and the Sidney D. Gamble Lectures are given annually in Pasadena, California.
Social survey and photography in China.
Gamble first toured in 1908 accompanying his parents, then after graduating from Princeton in 1912, studied labor and industrial economics at University of California, Berkeley, spending six months on a fellowship working at a reform school for delinquent boys. At this time, he built the house which became known as the Sidney D. Gamble House.
In 1917, he joined the work of Princeton-in-Peking and the Peking YMCA where his Princeton friend John Stewart Burgess invited him to do the surveys which resulted in "Peking: A Social Survey", which included more than fifty photographs. In 1919 Gamble was on hand to capture dramatic photographs of the May Fourth student demonstrations. The motto of the May Fourth Movement, "To save China through science and democracy," and the missionary ideal of "Saving China through Christianity" for a time seemed to be united. When he returned with his bride, Elizabeth Lowe, to China in 1924, he used his family resources to hire a team of Chinese researchers to survey 283 families. The book was published in 1933 as "How Chinese Families Live in Peiping" (as Peking was then called). In 1926, Gamble traveled for three weeks in the Soviet Union with Sherwood Eddy, a longtime mentor.
As China became more and more inflamed by patriotic agitation and warlord fighting, he found hope in the Ting Hsien Experiment in Rural Reconstruction conducted by James Yen’s Mass Education Movement. In 1931-32 Gamble traveled to China for the fourth and final time to organize the surveys which he used for three more detailed volumes, "Ting Hsien: A North China Rural Community" (1954) and "North China Villages" (1963). "Chinese Village Plays", published in 1970, after his death, give translations based on unique transcriptions of now lost village yang ko plays, which differ from the later dances.
Jonathan Spence concludes of Gamble that his "findings were open-minded, clear headed, methodologically intelligent (though not always beyond criticism by scholars of different views), startlingly imaginative, and -- when presented in photographic form -- vigorous, ebullient, unsentimental, and starkly, yet never cruelly, illustrative of the deep and real suffering that lay at the heart of China's long revolution." 
Later career.
After his return to the United States, was elected member of the National Council of the YMCA, became Treasurer, Vice Chairman, Chairman, and President Emeritus of Church World Service; Chairman of the Executive Committee of the Josiah Macy, Jr. Foundation; President and Honorary Chairman of Princeton-in-Asia.

</doc>
<doc id="19630545" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19630545" title="Lakhanpal">
Lakhanpal

Lakhanpal is one of the sub-caste among other sub-castes of Saraswat Brahmins. The gotra of Punjabi lakhanpal's is kaushal. It is a surname adopted mainly by Saraswat Brahmin in North India (Punjab, Himachal Pradesh, Kashmir states). There are two categories of Brahmins in India. One is saraswat Brahmins & second is gaur Brahmins. Saraswat Brahmins do not accept any kind of eatables or anything (MINSYA) which people give to them on various Hindu dates as per Hindu calendar as other Brahmins do.. Saraswat Brahmins are the most respected people from the beginning in India. Jathere Lakhanpal are situated in Punjab near Phagwara. The Jathere Lakhanpal are very much worshipped by their descendants. A newly married couple or if a child is born in the family the related go there for a wish of receiving blessings and for giving thanks. Normally one can go on any Thursday or Sunday of any week, but the main day is first Dwadshi after Krishan Janmashtmi. On this day, lots of people come from many places, even from far away.
There are also Lakhanpal's that migrated from kashmir 100 plus years ago, This family or group is now settled at Sawadi kalan,Distt Ludhiana. The Jathera's too are situated at village and many families still live there.

</doc>
<doc id="19630552" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19630552" title="Kim Jong-Kyung">
Kim Jong-Kyung

Kim Jong-Kyung (; born 9 May 1982) is a South Korean football defender, who currently plays for Indonesian club Batavia United FC.
Club career.
Kim's first step in professional football in Korea was somewhat unusual; his first club was the military club Gwangju Sangmu Bulsajo, while he fulfilled his military obligations. Typically, players defer their military stint until after they have already established, or have attempted to establish, a professional career to which they can return while they complete their duties. 
Following the completion of his military service, Kim moved to Gyeongnam FC for 2006, the club making its debut that year in the K-League. A regular starter for Gyeongnam, Kim transferred to Jeonbuk Hyundai Motors for the 2007 season, and once again was a regular starter. For 2008, Kim transferred to Daegu FC for two seasons. However, this was an unsuccessful move, and Kim only played two matches for the club, in the 2008 edition of the Hauzen Cup.
At the conclusion of the 2009 season, Kim moved to Indonesian club Persipura Jayapura, making a start in an AFC Champions League match. Kim then moved to the capital of Indonesia, Jakarta, playing for Persitara in the Indonesian Super League. Following the relegation of Persitara to the Liga Indonesia Premier Division, Kim moved to newly established Batavia United FC to ensure he remained in the Indonesian Super League.

</doc>
<doc id="19630553" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19630553" title="Tiantongyuan">
Tiantongyuan

Tiantongyuan () is an apartment complex and neighborhood in northern Beijing's Changping District. As of April 2008 it was reported to have over 400,000 residents, and is one of the largest such complexes in Beijing and the biggest community in the world. The Tiantongyuan Station is located at the northern terminus of the Beijing Subway Line 5.
Tiantongyuan is divided into Tiantongyuan West (天通西苑), Tiantongyuan East (天通东苑), Tiantongyuan North (天通北苑), Central Tiantongyuan (天通中苑), and Old Tiantongyuan (本区 or 老区); each such neighborhood is further subdivided into sections 1, 2, and 3 (except for Central Tiantongyuan, which is divided into North, South, East, and West and east north).
Both subway line 5 and T3 express bus pass the community.

</doc>
<doc id="19630554" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19630554" title="Satan from the 7th grade">
Satan from the 7th grade

Satan from the 7th grade () is an 1937 children's book (or rather, a young adult book - a term which did not exist at the time of writing) by Polish writer Kornel Makuszyński. 
It is considered a classic in Poland, where it has remained in print for decades, whatever changes and upheavals the country passed through. 
It is also popular in other countries such as Israel, where two Hebrew translations were published - the translators making a considerable effort to translate the colloquial Polish of the original into up-to-date Israeli equivalents. 
Note: The "Seventh Grade" of the title is according to the Polish educational system at the time of writing, where youngsters underwent four years of Elementary education followed by eight years of Further or High School. The book's protagonist is in the 7th grade of the latter, (11th grade in North American English-language usage) and is thus about 17 years old. 
Synopsis.
Adam Cisowski, a precocious and "devilishly clever" high school pupil (the "satan" of the title) spends a summer holiday at a run-down country house, presided over by "The Professor" - an aristocratic, eccentric historian who is friendly and affable but completely improvident.
Suddenly, treasure hunting is launched by the discovery that an officer of Napoleon's Grand Army, who was taken care of by the Professor's ancestors in the aftermath of the disastrous 1812 invasion of Russia, may have left to his benefactors a hidden treasure (which would be very great help for their impoverished present-day descendants). 
However, the subtle trail of hints left by the French officer defy all minds but that of the "devilish" Adam. Adam energetically takes up the challenge, seeking to help his hosts - and in particular, win the heart of Wanda, the Professor's beautiful niece. 
Throughout the book, he follows the perplexing trail, clue after clue, using hints from such sources as Dante's Inferno. Adam must, moreover, play a dangerous game of cat-and-mouse with a nasty gang of criminals, who also got the scent and who are very determined to lay their own hands on the treasure.
At a certain moment the search looks like having gotten to a dead end - a vital hint had been written on the door of an outbuilding, but the door is not there any more. It turns out, however, that the door in question was used as an improvised stretcher on which a wounded rebel was carried to a neighbouring village during the Polish 1863 uprising against Russian rule - and that after this use, the door had been installed at the village church, where Adam duly finds it and writes down the clue. 
Finally, Adam finds the treasure - not before providing the criminals which he knows to be following him with a red herring and letting them "rob" from him a heavy old cask full of worthless scrap iron. They open the cask with much trouble, suspect each other of cheating, get into a violent quarrel, and get arrested by the police. 
The true treasure, meanwhile found hidden in a stork's nest, is more lightweight - a small sack full of jewellery which the French officer presumably looted in Russia, and whose worth is more than enough to provide for the Professor and his family. In the book's final sentence, Adam looks from the glittering jewels to Wanda's eyes, and finds them "more precious than all treasures in the world". 
Israeli reviewer Aryeh Klein noted that in retrospect, the book assumes an unintended wilfulness: "The present-day reader knows, as the writer could not, that this is 1937 and that the horrors of Nazi occupation are just two years ahead for all these sympathetic characters in their pastoral countryside. In order to survive, Adam would all too soon need to outwit enemies far more brutal and ruthless than the book's rather clumsy gang of criminals".

</doc>
<doc id="19630568" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19630568" title="Bear Valley, Pennsylvania">
Bear Valley, Pennsylvania

Bear Valley is an unincorporated community in Northumberland County, Pennsylvania, United States, near Shamokin. It is the site of an abandoned anthracite strip mine. This strip mine is a popular place for observing the Llewellyn Formation.

</doc>
<doc id="19630580" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19630580" title="Public development authority">
Public development authority

In the U.S. state of Washington, a public development authority (most commonly PDA; also known as a public corporation) is a government-owned corporation. They are established under RCW 35.21.730.
For example, the city of Seattle has numerous PDAs: the Burke Gilman Place PDA, Capitol Hill Housing Improvement Program, Historic Seattle PDA, Museum Development Authority, Pacific Hospital PDA, Pike Place Market PDA, Seattle Chinatown/International District PDA, 4Culture, and the Seattle Indian Services Commission. Examples from elsewhere in the state include a PDA that oversees the Meydenbauer Center, a performing arts venue in Bellevue, Washington and the Hurricane Ridge Public Development Authority, created by the city of Port Angeles, Washington to develop and oversee the Hurricane Ridge Ski and Snowboard Area.
A PDA is legally separate from the city or county that establishes it. Under state and federal law, all PDA contracts must specify that liabilities incurred by the corporation must be satisfied exclusively from their own assets. According to the City of Seattle, "This allows accomplishment of public purpose activities without assuming them into the regular functions of City government." Each Seattle PDA is governed by a volunteer council that oversees PDA activities and staff.

</doc>
<doc id="19630591" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19630591" title="Back Young-Chul">
Back Young-Chul

Back Young-Chul (; born 11 November 1978) is a South Korean former football midfielder, who currently is the Coach of Daegu FC's U-15 team.
Club career.
Baek made his professional debut for Seongnam Ilhwa Chunma in 2001, playing a number of games in 2001 and 2002. However, he saw less game time in the next two seasons, and transferred to Pohang Steelers for 2005. He played two seasons for Gyeongnam FC from 2006, before joining his current club, Daegu FC in 2008. After regular appearances during the 2008 and 2009 seasons, Baek had limited game time during the 2010 season. Following the conclusion of the 2010 season, he retired from playing football. However, he remains with Daegu as the coach of their U-15 side.
International career.
Baek was a member of the South Korea U-20 side in 1996, but has not played at senior level for South Korea.

</doc>
<doc id="19630605" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19630605" title="Society for the Preservation of Beers from the Wood">
Society for the Preservation of Beers from the Wood

The Society for the Preservation of Beers from the Wood (SPBW), founded in 1963, is the oldest consumer-based group interested in stimulating the brewing of, increasing the awareness of, and encouraging the drinking of cask-conditioned real ale.
History.
The SPBW was founded on 6 December 1963 at the Rising Sun in Epsom, England out of a concern for a perceived decline in both quality and palatability of beer. This was attributed to the increasing use of gas pressure dispense and the introduction of keg beers.
In 1963 wooden casks were still regarded as synonymous with traditional draught beer. As metal casks rapidly replaced wooden ones, the Society relaxed its principles accordingly. Today the SPBW is more concerned with the contents than the container, but the original name has been retained for the sake of tradition.
Aims.
The SPBW's aims are similar to those of CAMRA, but the emphasis is on activity within its autonomous Branches, which is mainly of a social nature. (CAMRA's approach has been called "more vigorous".) The SPBW's National Executive Committee maintains contact with breweries and other relevant bodies on issues of concern. It produces a quarterly magazine Pint in Hand and organizes an annual "National Weekend".
London Pub of the Year.
The SPBW annually chooses a London Pub of the Year (LPOTY). The competition was launched in 1980 as a reaction to a "best London pub" competition in a London evening paper, in which beer did not seem to be a significant criterion. A blog is kept of the LPOTY scoring adventure during the run-up to the award.
Other branches, in particular the Northern Ireland branch, also present local "Pub of the Year" awards.
50th Anniversary.
Formed in 1963, the Society is celebrating its 50th anniversary with many events during the whole of 2013. Although mainly based in London, its branches are keen to celebrate this birthday with events of their own. A listing of past and future 2013 events can be found at: http://www.spbw.com/2013.html

</doc>
<doc id="19630612" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19630612" title="Friendship Loyalty Commitment">
Friendship Loyalty Commitment

Friendship Loyalty Commitment is the debut studio album by the American hardcore punk band 25 ta Life, which was released on July 6, 1999. This album features a Warzone cover song "As One", and special appearances by Jamey Jasta of Hatebreed, Roger Miret and Vinnie Stigma of Agnostic Front, Jimmy Gestapo from Murphy's Law, Paul Bearer from Sheer Terror and more. The song "Over The Years" was featured at the Tony Hawk's Underground 2 soundtrack.

</doc>
<doc id="19630619" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19630619" title="Moon Joo-Won">
Moon Joo-Won

Moon Joo-Won (born May 8, 1983) is a South Korean football player. He currently plays for Gyeongnam FC
Club career.
Moon made his professional debut for Daegu FC, having joined the club for the 2006 season. Moon would stay for three seasons, before transferring to newly formed K-League club Gangwon FC in January 2009.
In January 2010, Moon moved to Japanese club Sagan Tosu, who play in the second division of the J-League. On June 30, 2010, he was released from Sagan Tosu and is now a free agent.

</doc>
<doc id="19630625" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19630625" title="Alison Calder">
Alison Calder

Alison Calder is a Canadian poet and educator.
She was born in England, grew up in Saskatoon, and lives now in Winnipeg, where she teaches Canadian literature and creative writing at the University of Manitoba. In addition to scholarly material, she has published a chapbook, "Ghost Works: Improvisations in Letters and Poems", in collaboration with Jeanette Lynes, and one poetry collection, "Wolf Tree" (Coteau), which won the 2008 Aqua Books Lansdowne Prize for Poetry and the Eileen McTavish Sykes Award for Best First Book by a Manitoba Author at the . Alison Calder is married to writer Warren Cariou. She was a Distinguished Junior Scholar in Residence at the Peter Wall Institute for Advanced Studies, University of British Columbia in 1999.

</doc>
<doc id="19630627" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19630627" title="Neel Kashkari">
Neel Kashkari

Neel Tushar Kashkari (born July 30, 1973) is an American banker and politician. As interim Assistant Secretary of the Treasury for Financial Stability from October 2008 to May 2009, he was responsible for overseeing the Troubled Asset Relief Program (TARP) that was a major component of the U.S. government's response to the financial crisis of 2007–08. A Republican, he is running for Governor of California in the 2014 election.
Born and raised in Ohio and educated at the University of Illinois at Urbana–Champaign, Kashkari worked initially as an aerospace engineer. After attending business school at the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania, he became an investment banker, covering the information technology security sector for Goldman Sachs.
When Henry Paulson, the former head of Goldman, was appointed Secretary of the Treasury in 2006, he brought Kashkari on as an aide. Kashkari was eventually named Assistant Secretary of the Treasury for International Economics and Development. At Treasury he played a number of roles in the response to the financial crisis and the subprime mortgage crisis that preceded it, most notably administering TARP.
Kashkari left government in May 2009 and began working for Pimco later that year, leading that company's push into the equities market. In January 2013 he resigned from Pimco to explore a run for public office. On January 21, 2014, he announced his candidacy for Governor of California.
Early life and education.
Kashkari was born on July 30, 1973, in Akron, Ohio, to Sheila Kashkari, a pathologist at Akron City Hospital, and Chaman Kashkari, a professor of electrical engineering at the University of Akron. His parents are Kashmiri Pandits who immigrated to the United States from Kashmir in the 1960s. Kashkari grew up in Stow, a suburb of Akron, where his parents were well known within the local community of Indian Hindus. His older sister, Meera Kashkari Kelley, is a physician specializing in infectious diseases. Growing up, his parents and sisters were liberal, but his free-market views led him to identify more with the Republican Party.
Kashkari attended Stow–Munroe Falls schools before transferring to the Western Reserve Academy, which his sister Meera attended. In high school he played football, wrestled, and appeared in musical theater. He graduated in 1991 with honors in Mathematics and was elected graduation speaker. In 2009 he described his high school grades as not good enough to apply to top-tier universities.
Kashkari earned bachelor’s (1995) and master’s (1998) degrees in mechanical engineering from the University of Illinois at Urbana–Champaign. He was the team leader for the mechanical engineering component of the school's entry in the 1997 Sunrayce, a solar-powered vehicle race from Indianapolis, Indiana to Colorado Springs, Colorado. The UIUC car, nicknamed Photon Torpedo, weighed less than , and its top was covered with solar cells. About 30 to 40 students worked on the car, which completed the race in just under 38 hours and 40 minutes, coming in 14th out of 36 competitors.
Private sector.
After completing his master's degree, Kashkari moved to Redondo Beach, California, to work as an engineer for TRW Inc., a contractor for NASA. There he worked on the James Webb Space Telescope, developing a component meant to reduce vibrations and keep the telescope steady after being deployed.
Kashkari left TRW to enter the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania, earning an M.B.A. in 2002. At Wharton he was president of the Finance Club and organized the annual Wharton Finance Conference. Shortly before graduating he and other students traveled to Fort Dix to participate in a leadership training exercise run by the U.S. Army simulating a hostage rescue.
Kashkari interned at the investment bank Goldman Sachs during the summer between his two academic years at Wharton. His engineering background differentiated him from other potential hires. After graduating from Wharton he joined Goldman's San Francisco office covering software companies in the investment banking division. In this role he advised clients on mergers and acquisitions and other financial matters. He eventually rose to lead Goldman's information technology security practice.
In early 2006, Kashkari met with Hank Paulson, then chairman and CEO of Goldman Sachs, to get a recommendation letter for the White House Fellows program. At this meeting they discussed Kashkari's interest in public service and Paulson's service in the Richard M. Nixon administration. Kashkari was a Regional Finalist for the fellowship but was ultimately rejected.
Treasury Department.
In May 2006 President George W. Bush announced his intention to appoint Paulson as Secretary of the Treasury. Kashkari contacted Paulson and asked to join him at Treasury. Despite not knowing Kashkari well, Paulson had him flown to Washington, D.C., and offered him a job as a policy generalist shortly after Kashkari had begun his pitch. Kashkari accepted, and then Paulson remembered to confirm that Kashkari was a Republican. After the U.S. Senate confirmed Paulson, he and Kashkari started at Treasury on the same day. Several other Goldman employees followed Paulson to Treasury, among them Robert K. Steel.
Kashkari began as a special assistant to Paulson working on energy policy. He and Allan B. Hubbard developed Bush's "Twenty in Ten" plan to promote energy conservation. He also worked on issues related to India, particularly infrastructure development. In November 2007, Bush nominated Kashkari to be Assistant Secretary of the Treasury for International Economics and Development. The U.S. Senate confirmed the nomination in June 2008, and Kashkari was sworn in the following month.
A growing crisis.
Beginning in summer 2007, the value of some financial instruments backed by U.S. subprime mortgages declined sharply as it became clear that many of the borrowers would default on the mortgages. This caused a crisis as the banks holding the mortgages saw their assets decline in value and rushed to foreclose the loans. This ultimately intensified into a global financial crisis with broad implications.
Kashkari played important roles in several episodes of the crisis. He led Treasury's participation in the Hope Now Alliance, a mortgage industry initiative coordinated by the federal government in October 2007 that aimed to reduce foreclosures by modifying loan terms on a loan-by-loan basis. In March 2008 he represented Treasury at negotiations that led ultimately to the federally sponsored takeover and rescue of the investment bank Bear Stearns by JPMorgan Chase. He was in charge of Treasury's efforts to create a market in the U.S. for covered bonds, whose value would continue to be guaranteed by the issuing bank after the bank had sold them. He also worked closely with Paulson on Treasury's takeover of the government sponsored enterprises Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac on Septempber 6, 2008, and the federal bailout of American International Group on September 16.
In March 2008 Kashkari began to worry that, if the Bush administration never received the authority it needed to deal with the growing crisis, the next administration would blame them for everything wrong in the economy. Paulson scoffed at this idea, particularly Kashkari's speculation that Barack Obama, then a candidate in that year's presidential election, would win the presidency and use the crisis to ride to popularity just as former President Ronald Reagan had following the Iran hostage crisis.
TARP.
In early 2008, Paulson directed Kashkari and fellow Treasury aide Phillip Swagel to write a plan to recapitalize the banking system in case the crisis worsened. The plan called for Congress to authorize Treasury to spend $500 billion to buy mortgage-backed securities from troubled banks, replacing them on banks' balance sheets with safe, liquid Treasury bills. This would prevent runs on the banks and encourage them to lend. The plan was conceived as an alternative to proposals from the staff of the House Financial Services Committee, then led by Democratic Representative Barney Frank.
Following the collapse of the investment bank Lehman Brothers on September 15, 2008, the Emergency Economic Stabilization Act of 2008 (EESA) was enacted on October 3. Kashkari was one of several Paulson aides who was heavily involved in the crafting the legislation. Based in large part on Kashkari and Swagel's recapitalization plan, the act created created the Troubled Asset Relief Program (TARP), a $700 billion bailout fund for financial institutions threatened with collapse. Kashkari favored getting distressed assets away from the banks the most among Treasury staff. He initially proposed a $1 trillion fund, but Paulson vetoed that number as too large. Kashkari came up with the lesser figure of $700 billion by taking 5% of the $14 trillion in then-outstanding mortgages in the United States.
To administer TARP, the EESA created within the Treasury Department a new Office of Financial Stability to be headed by an Assistant Secretary of the Treasury for Financial Stability to be nominated by the President and confirmed by the Senate. However, it also specified that the Treasury Secretary could designate an interim Assistant Secretary to run the office. Kashkari first came to widespread public attention on October 6, when Paulson named him to this position, earning Kashkari the nicknames "bailout czar" and "the $700 billion man". During his time running TARP he retained his title as Assistant Secretary for International Economics and Development, but his international affairs responsibilities were delegated to another Treasury official.
The program underwent some change after its creation. On October 13, Kashkari announced in a speech that TARP would not only purchase distressed mortgage assets from banks, as had been announced already, but would also purchase stock in the banks themselves. Noticing a lack of necessary expertise in investment within Treasury, Kashkari recruited new staff for the program, some from government and others from industry, ultimately hiring about 100 people by January 2009. Kashkari also chaired the five-member investment committee within Treasury that decided which banks would receive TARP money.
With Bush scheduled to leave office on January 20, 2009, following the November 2008 election, Kashkari's appointment was initially viewed as temporary. There were even plans to replace him before Bush left office. However, after Obama won the election, his transition team asked Kashkari to remain at Treasury after the inauguration for a limited period. He left the Treasury Department on May 1, 2009, replaced at the helm of TARP by Herbert M. Allison.
During his time heading TARP, Kashkari was frequently called to testify before Congressional oversight panels. The House members would often question him hostilely over the politically unpopular program, but at least one, Representative Dennis Kucinich, assured Kashkari privately that he thought Kashkari was doing a great job. Another public critic, Representative Gregory Meeks, later thanked Kashkari for his service. Kashkari also won praise from Paulson and Timothy Geithner, Paulson's successor as Treasury Secretary and Kashkari's boss under the Obama administration. Neil Barofsky, who oversaw TARP within Treasury as a special inspector general, commended Kashkari's commitment to the job but criticized his actions. Kashkari later said that Bush not running for reelection allowed the government to "do things that were deeply unpopular but we knew were the right thing."
Return to California.
One week after his resignation, he and his wife moved to a cabin in rural Northern California near Lake Tahoe as part of what he called a "detox" from Washington. He worked on home improvement projects and helped Paulson write a memoir.
In December 2009 Kashkari was named a managing director at the investment firm Pimco, in charge of new investment initiatives. Pimco, which had traditionally focused on bonds, hired him to broaden its focus into equities; Pimco later named him global head of equities. Kashkari had met Bill Gross, Pimco's co-founder, in December 2007 as part of his work at Treasury. Kashkari's move to Pimco attracted attention because Pimco benefited from the government takeover of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac, though it did not receive TARP funds. Pimco cited Kashkari's expertise in a confidential presentation encouraging investment in a new fund of distressed mortgage bonds. The six equity mutual funds Pimco launched under Kashkari all underperformed benchmarks in 2012; Kashkari attributed this to the funds hedging risk, which decreases returns when stock prices increase.
Kashkari resigned from Pimco in January 2013, citing a desire to return to public service. He was expected to announce a campaign for elected office.
Gubernatorial campaign.
Kashkari says he first considered running for Governor of California after Republican nominee Mitt Romney lost the 2012 presidential election to Obama. He spent the year after his resignation from Pimco preparing to campaign in the 2014 gubernatorial election, touring the state, hiring a staff, and meeting with potential donors. He announced his candidacy on January 21, 2014, citing jobs and education as his top priorities. It is his first run for elected office. He faces incumbent Governor Jerry Brown, a Democrat, and fellow Republicans Andrew Blount and Tim Donnelly. Brown is considered the favorite in the race.
A December 2013 Field Poll found that fewer than 10% of Californians would vote for Kashkari, compared to 52% for Brown, but 80% were unfamiliar with him. No Republican has won statewide office in California since 2006. In an interview with BuzzFeed, Kashkari acknowledged that Brown will likely come in first place in the nonpartisan blanket primary preceding the general election. He cited Bush's upset victory over Ann Richards in the 1994 election for Governor of Texas as a reason for hope. 
The "San Francisco Chronicle" reported in January 2014 that, since 1998, Kashkari had been eligible to vote in 23 elections in California and Pennsylvania but had only voted in 13 of them. His campaign disputed some aspects of the reporting and said that Kashkari's Treasury Department service proves his commitment to civic life. Kashkari later acknowledged his imperfect voting record.
Kashkari raised nearly $1 million in campaign donations within two weeks of announcing his candidacy. This was more money than Donnelly raised in the previous year of campaigning but well short of the $17 million Brown raised before even declaring his candidacy.
Political positions.
Kashkari has been a Republican his whole life. In a 2008 speech to the American Enterprise Institute, Kashkari described himself as "a free-market Republican." In 2013 he described himself as a "pro-growth Republican". He opposes most of Obama's economic agenda and supports cutting business regulations. In a December 2013 opinion column he explained his desire for changes to the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act by citing his own difficulties signing up for Covered California, the health insurance marketplace run by the State of California. He has also called for cuts to Social Security and Medicare. In 2012 he voted against California's Proposition 30, which raised taxes in the state, and for Proposition 32, which would have weakened labor unions' political influence.
On social issues, he has described himself as libertarian and "a different kind of Republican", supporting abortion rights, marriage equality, and a path to legal status for illegal immigrants. He voted against California's Proposition 8, which banned same-sex marriage in 2008. In 2013 he was one of 131 Republicans who signed a pro-marriage equality "amicus curiae" brief submitted to the U.S. Supreme Court as part of "Hollingsworth v. Perry", the case in which Proposition 8 was ultimately found unconstitutional. Kashkari owns four guns but considers waiting periods and background checks before purchasing a firearm to be reasonable, going as far as saying that "If you're a single issue voter, and you just want someone to give you a full capacity assault rifle magazine, God bless you, you can go vote for somebody else."
On environmental issues, he voted against California's Proposition 23, which would have suspended the state law that limits greenhouse gas emissions. He believes climate change is real and man-made. He has spoken positively of fracking and offshore oil drilling and negatively of California's cap-and-trade program.
Kashkari cites Paulson, Mitch Daniels, and Jeb Bush as political mentors. He voted for Obama in the 2008 presidential election and Romney in the 2012 election.
Personal life.
Kashkari is a practicing Hindu. He said in 2009 that he began praying while working on TARP, having been especially affected when a colleague had a heart attack at work.
Kashkari met his ex-wife Minal in college at the University of Illinois. They married in a traditional Indian ceremony in Chicago. Neel Kashkari filed for divorce in November 2011 and later described the split as amicable. They have no children. He lives in Laguna Beach, California.
Film.
Ayad Akhtar portrayed Kashkari in "Too Big to Fail", a television film about the financial crisis based on Andrew Ross Sorkin's book of the same name.

</doc>
<doc id="19630628" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19630628" title="Chini Ka Rauza">
Chini Ka Rauza

Chini ka Rauza is a funerary monument, "rauza" in Agra, India, containing the tomb of Allama Afzal Khan Mullah, a scholar and poet who was the Prime Minister of the Mughal Emperor Shah Jahan. The tomb was built in 1635. Chini ka Rauza is situated just 1 kilometer north of Itmad-Ud-Daulah Tomb, on the eastern bank of Yamuna river in Agra.
The facade of the monument is also known for one of finest examples of glazed tile work, called "kashi" or "chini" in Mughal era buildings.
History.
Chini Ka Rauza was built in the reign of Shah Jahan. Allama Afzal Khan Mullah of Shiraz, was a scholar and poet who went on to become the Prime Minister of the Mughal Emperor Shah Jahan.
Architecture.
Chini-ka-Rauza is considered a milestone in Indo-Persian architecture, as it is the very first building in India that has been exclusively decorated by the glazed tile works. The most distinctive feature of the tomb is the colorful tiles or chini, from which the mausoleum gets its name. the tomb is rectangular in shape and is constructed mainly of brown stone. The walls of the tomb are adorned with inscriptions and colored tiles that give a distinctive look to the structure.
As one moves towards the central chamber of the Chini ka Rauza which has octagonal shape and boasts of 8 curved recesses, there are 4 square chambers that are linked with the halls in the corner and outside porches. However, perhaps the most significant feature of the tomb is the Afghan-style rounded dome that is adorned with inscriptions from Islamic texts.

</doc>
<doc id="19630649" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19630649" title="Van Tuong Nguyen">
Van Tuong Nguyen

Van Tuong Nguyen (Vietnamese: "Nguyễn Tường Vân", ; 17 August 1980 – 2 December 2005) baptised Caleb, was an Australian from Melbourne, Victoria convicted of drug trafficking in Singapore. A Vietnamese Australian, he was also addressed as Nguyen Tuong Van in the Singaporean media, his name in Vietnamese custom.
Drug trafficking carries a mandatory death sentence under Singapore's Misuse of Drugs Act, and despite pleas for clemency from the Australian government, Amnesty International, the Holy See, as well as other individuals and groups, he was executed by hanging at 6:07 am SST on 2 December 2005 at Changi Prison (22:07 UTC, 1 December).
Biography.
Van Tuong Nguyen and his twin brother, Dang Khoa Nguyen, were born in a refugee camp at Songkhla in Thailand to Vietnamese parents. He did not know his father until 2001 when he travelled from the United States to Australia. His mother, Kim, is Vietnamese and migrated to Australia shortly after the boys' birth. In 1987, she married a Vietnamese-Australian who beat them often, according to Nguyen.
Nguyen was educated at St Ignatious School Richmond, St Joseph's Primary School in Springvale and Mount Waverley Secondary College. After leaving school at 18, he intended to study at Deakin University, but financial difficulties led him to work as a store clerk, door-to-door salesman, computer salesman and research marketer.
Nguyen started his own computer sales business in 1999. After his brother Khoa got into legal trouble, Van wound up the business. He then found a sales, research and marketing job and earned between A$1,500 to A$2,500 a month (depending on how much commission he received). He subsequently took long leave between June and December 2002. In his confession, he stated he was on "medication for acne that required 4 months leave".
Drug trafficking.
Throughout his trial, Van claimed that he was carrying the drugs in a bid to pay off debts amounting to approximately A$20,000 to A$25,000 that he owed and to repay legal fees his twin brother Khoa (a former heroin addict) had incurred in defending drug-trafficking and other criminal charges including an attack on a Pacific Islander youth with a samurai sword. In addition to his own financial troubles, Nguyen said he tried to help pay his twin brother's debt of A$12,000. His twin brother's loan had to be repaid by the end of the 2002. Nguyen could afford to repay only A$4000, the interest on the loan.
By October 2002, Van had been out of a job for four months and sustaining expenses which included interest on the loan and personal living costs, all totaling A$580 a month. In November 2002, Nguyen contacted a Chinese man named "Tan", who told him to travel to Sydney to meet a Vietnamese man named "Sun". Sun proposed that he would repay Nguyen's loans if Nguyen transported packages from Cambodia back to Melbourne and possibly Sydney, via Singapore. The man said the packages contained "white", which Nguyen understood to be heroin.
It was Nguyen's first trip overseas from Australia since his immigration. He reached Phnom Penh at midday on 3 December 2002 after leaving Sydney in the evening of the previous day. He met with a Cambodian man at the Lucky Burger restaurant on 4 December and was taken by car to a garage where he was told to smoke some heroin. The following day, Nguyen met his associates at the Lucky Burger and was again taken to the garage. Nguyen was instructed to stay in Phnom Penh until 10 December, at which point he was to meet at the Lucky Burger.
On 8 December, he decided to fly to Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam, missed the scheduled meeting on 10 December after arriving back late from Ho Chi Minh City. On 11 December he was taken to the garage, where he was then instructed on how to crush heroin bricks and to strap the powdered drug packages to his body. The rest of the day was spent crushing and packaging the drugs in his hotel room. He checked out of the hotel the next day and went to the airport.
Arrest and conviction.
On boarding his flight to Melbourne after a four hour stopover at Singapore Changi Airport, he triggered a metal detector. A package of heroin from Cambodia was found strapped to his body. After the first package was discovered, Nguyen informed the airport official about a second package in his luggage.
Nguyen confessed to have in his possession 396.2 g of heroin, more than 26 times the amount of heroin that mandates a death sentence under the Misuse of Drugs Act (Illegal traffic, import or export of Heroin of more than 15 grams). The Singaporean High Court sentenced Nguyen to death for this crime on 20 March 2004. After he was convicted, Nguyen was held on death row in Changi Prison.
An appeal to the Court of Appeal was rejected on 20 October 2004. Nguyen's family received a registered letter from the Singapore Prisons Department, notifying of his scheduled hanging on 2 December 2005. On the same day at the APEC Summit in South Korea, Australian Prime Minister John Howard made a last appeal on Nguyen's behalf to the Singaporean Prime Minister, Lee Hsien Loong. However, the letter of notice by that time had already been delivered to Nguyen's mother.
Howard later said he was "very disappointed" that Lee did not inform him of Nguyen's execution date during their meeting that morning. Singapore Foreign Affairs Minister George Yeo also conveyed his apologies to his counterpart Alexander Downer. Nguyen's lawyers arrived in Singapore on 18 November 2005 to inform their client of his impending execution date.
On 2 December 2005 Nguyen was executed at 6:07 am SGT and was officially reported as dead at 7:17 am SGT by the Ministry of Home Affairs. In a short statement, the Ministry said, "The sentence was carried out this morning at Changi Prison."
Pleas for clemency.
A plea for clemency by the Australian Government was rejected in October 2005. Members of the federal and state parliaments appealed for the decision to be reconsidered and clemency to be granted. His hanging was the first execution of an Australian in Southeast Asia since 1993, when Michael McAuliffe was hanged in Malaysia for drug trafficking.
On 21 November 2005, the Australian Government was considering a request made by Nguyen Tuong Van's lawyers to apply for a hearing at the International Court of Justice which required the Singaporean government's agreement to its jurisdiction. However, Foreign Minister Downer considered it unlikely that the Singaporean government would agree. On 24 November 2005, Victorian Attorney General Rob Hulls met with Singapore's Senior Minister of State for Law and Home Affairs Ho Peng Kee to press the case for clemency but was unsuccessful. On 28 November 2005 Australia's Human Rights Commissioner, Sev Ozdowski, said Australia must keep pressuring Singapore to abandon the death penalty, even if it proves too late for Nguyen.
After his sentencing in March 2004, anti-death-penalty campaigners were reported to be inundated with emails from Australians offering support for Van Tuong Nguyen. Politicians and religious figures made pleas for clemency, but these were rejected by the Singaporean government.
One day before Nguyen was hanged, a lawyer launched a last-ditch legal tactic, charging Nguyen with drug related offences in the Melbourne Magistrates' Court, which he hoped would allow the Australian Federal Government to extradite Nguyen. However, Justice Minister Chris Ellison ruled out extradition, saying that the Commonwealth Director of Public Prosecutions would not have attempted to prosecute Nguyen in Australia.
Criticism.
The Australian Government was criticised by the media, human rights lawyers and human rights activists for doing too little, too late and for not taking a stronger stance against the death penalty. Amnesty International was criticized by Howard Glenn and Greg Barns for refusing to work with other human rights groups with various campaigns to save Nguyen, but rather asking the public to donate money to Amnesty International.
Media coverage and public opinion.
ABC broadcast a documentary: "Just Punishment" on 7 December 2006. This documentary was filmed over a period of two years, following Nguyen's mother (Kim), his brother and his two close friends, through the appeals, and campaigns held (in Australia) before the execution day. It was rebroadcast on the night of 8 December 2008, also on the ABC.
An opinion poll conducted by Roy Morgan Research two days after Nguyen's execution showed 52% of Australians approved of it, compared with 44% against.
In 2013, SBS TV produced a television drama series about the events surrounding Nguyen's arrest, trial, unsuccessful plea for clemency, and execution. "Better Man" starred David Wenham, Claudia Karvan, Bryan Brown and Remy Hii; and directed by Khoa Do.
Singaporean response.
As a transportation hub, Singapore has always been a potential transit point for Golden Triangle heroin. In a letter to David Hawker, the Speaker of the Australian House of Representatives, Abdullah Tarmugi, the Speaker of the Parliament of Singapore, wrote: "He was caught in possession of almost 400 grams of pure heroin, enough for more than 26,000 doses of heroin for drug addicts... He knew what he was doing and the consequences of his actions. As representatives of the people, we have an obligation to protect the lives of those who could be ruined by the drugs he was carrying."
"We cannot allow Singapore to be used as a transit for illicit drugs in the region," Tarmugi wrote to Australian MPs. "We know this is a painful and difficult decision for Mr Nguyen's family to accept, but we hope you and your colleagues will understand our position."
In an opinion piece in the "Sydney Morning Herald", Singapore's High Commissioner in Australia, Joseph Koh, argued that "Singapore cannot afford to pull back from its tough drug trafficking position".
Vigils.
A group of human rights activists held a vigil for Nguyen in Singapore on 7 November 2005. Among those present was opposition politician Chee Soon Juan, leader of the Singapore Democratic Party, who is an opponent of the mandatory death penalty.
A request was made by Liberal MP Bruce Baird for an official minute's silence to honour Nguyen. Representatives of the Returned and Services League objected, stating such tributes should be reserved for fallen soldiers or victims of natural disasters; other groups felt it was inappropriate to "honour" a convicted trafficker of drugs which killed hundreds each year. A motion to hold a minute's silence passed in the Legislative Assembly of Queensland 49-18 after an hour's debate. MPs who voted against the move walked out before the observance.
Execution and funeral.
A minor controversy occurred when Singapore's contract hangman, Darshan Singh, gave an interview to an Australian newspaper prior to the execution in which he said he hoped to be called on to perform the execution and that his experience would ensure Nguyen would be hanged "efficiently". The result was disapprobation in both Australia and Singapore. Nguyen was hanged by another executioner.
After the execution, Nguyen's body was released to his family and it left Changi Prison about four hours after he was hanged. Nguyen's body was taken to the Marymount Chapel of the Good Shepherd's Convent in Singapore for a private memorial service at 1 pm. The family requested for the media to stay away from the chapel. His family returned to Melbourne with his body on 4 December 2005. A requiem mass was held at St. Patrick's Cathedral on 7 December 2005. Victorian MPs Geoff Hilton, Bruce Mildenhall, Sang Minh Nguyen and Richard Wynne attended the service and were criticised by the Crime Victims Support Association, who said it appeared to give support to a convicted drug trafficker.
Political consequences.
John Howard's warning against illicit drugs.
Australian Prime Minister John Howard used the execution of Nguyen as a warning to young people to stay away from drugs. He told Melbourne radio station 3AW:
Federal Health Minister Tony Abbott also said that the Singapore government's decision to go ahead with the execution was wrong and that the punishment "certainly did not fit the crime... But people do need to understand that drug trafficking is a very serious offence and it has heavy penalties in Australia and it has even more drastic penalties overseas as we have been reminded today."
Australia–Singapore relations.
While it was reported that some minor ties have been broken (including airport workers refusing to process Singapore Airlines luggage), John Howard, the Australian Prime Minister, said that the country would not be taking any punitive action against Singapore.
On 23 February 2006, the Australian government rejected a bid by Singapore Airlines for permission to fly a permanent route between Sydney and the United States. This drew strong criticism from the government of Singapore. Peter Costello, the Australian treasurer, denied that the refusal was linked to Nguyen's hanging.

</doc>
<doc id="19630650" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19630650" title="Ha Dae-Sung">
Ha Dae-Sung

Ha Dae-Sung (; born 2 March 1985) is a South Korean football player who currently plays for the Chinese Super League club Beijing Guoan. He previously played for Ulsan Hyundai Horang-i, Daegu FC, Jeonbuk Hyundai Motors and FC Seoul.
Career.
Early career.
Ha Dae-Sung displayed exceptional footballing talent from early years. In 1997, Ha, who was then attending Incheon Mansoobuk Elementary School, was given the Grand Prize at the Cha Bum-Kun Footballing Award, which is established by South Korean legend Cha Bum-Kun to discover young talents.
His reputation led Bupyeong High School, one of the most famous footballing schools in South Korea, to scout him. However, soon he got a crucial injury on his right knee and had to stop playing football for two years. On his senior year at high school, he began to play regularly. Soon, along with teammates Lee Keun-Ho and Kim Seung-Yong, Ha formed the famous Bupyeong Trio, helping his school win three national competitions.
Club career.
Ha Dae-Sung joined Ulsan Hyundai in 2004. However, he could not find his place at the club, which boasted players like Lee Ho, Lee Chun-Soo and Kim Jung-Woo at the time.
Having failed at Ulsan, Ha moved to Daegu FC in 2006 and made his K-League debut. With Lee Keun-Ho, Ha began to shine and Daegu made a sensation in 2008 by playing an extremely aggressive football and becoming the joint top-scoring club in the league.
In 2009, he moved to Jeonbuk Hyundai with his team-mate Jin Kyung-Sun. Although Jeonbuk won the league in that season, Ha Dae-Sung failed to secure a regular place in the first team.
He moved to FC Seoul in 2010 and helped his club win the league in that season.
On 3 January 2012, Ha was appointed captain of FC Seoul. After leading FC Seoul to another league championship, Ha Dae-Sung received interest from various clubs. Dinamo Zagreb reportedly was one of the numerous clubs that made an offer to sign Ha. It was reported that a club from Qatar Stars League offered $2.5m as transfer fee to lure Ha. However, Ha chose to stay at FC Seoul.
On 3 January 2014, FC Seoul officially announced Ha's leaving to Chinese Super League club Beijing Guoan.
International career.
On November 15, 2008, Ha was called up to the South Korea national team for a friendly match against Qatar.
Personal life.
Ha Dae-Sung is a close friend of Lee Keun-Ho. The two have known each other since they were 10 and attended the same elementary, middle and high schools. Ha said that he is exempt from military duty because of an illness he suffered during childhood on a radio show.

</doc>
<doc id="19630660" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19630660" title="Afro-Eurasia">
Afro-Eurasia

Afro-Eurasia, also Afrasia, Eurafrasia or Eufrasia, is the largest landmass on Earth. It may be defined as a supercontinent, with the term being a portmanteau of its constituent parts Africa and Eurasia (further divided into Europe and Asia) which are joined together at the Isthmus of Suez. Afro-Eurasia encompasses 84,980,532 square kilometers and has a population of approximately 6 billion people, or roughly 85% of the world population. It is also known as the Old World, as opposed to the Americas, Antarctica and Oceania, which are known as the New World.
The mainland of Afro-Eurasia has been referred to as the World Island, a term coined by Sir Halford John Mackinder in "The Geographical Pivot of History". (The term excludes non-mainland islands and archipelagos.) It was the original scope of the word 'continent'.
Geology.
Africa is joined to Asia by a land bridge. Africa is expected to collide with Europe more than 600,000 years from now, when the Strait of Gibraltar closes. When this happens, the Mediterranean Sea will be isolated from the Atlantic Ocean. More than 50 million years from now the Mediterranean is expected to disappear as the collision pushes up new mountain ranges.
History.
Afro-Eurasia housed the first civilizations, Mesopotamia, Egypt, and the Indus valley civilization, as well as a number of other early civilizations, such as the Babylonians, Chinese, Persians, Greeks, and Romans. Afro-Eurasia is arguably one of the most diverse place on earth culturally, as well as having the largest effect on the rest of earth. Most of the world's religions and languages have originated from the super-continent, and most modern civilizations are shaped the way they are because of previous civilization's actions in the past, particularly the ones of Western Europe. From here, some of the greatest innovations and inventions have arisen, such as modern writing, the discovery of sciences and mathematics, advanced building and engineering, as well as countless others. This could be contributed in part by the fact that most civilizations were in constant competition with each other.
No one empire has ever succeeded to unify all of Europe, Asia, or Africa. However, the Ottoman Empire unified parts of Afro-Eurasia together. The Umayyad Caliphate, the Mongolian Empire, and the Soviet Union have most likely come close in the unification.
Divisions.
Normally Afro-Eurasia is divided at the Suez Canal into Africa and Eurasia, the latter of which can be subdivided into Europe and Asia. It has also been divided into Eurasia-North Africa and Sub-Saharan Africa for cultural and historical reasons.

</doc>
<doc id="19630671" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19630671" title="Laurentia">
Laurentia

Laurentia (North American Craton) is a large continental craton, which forms the ancient geological core of the North American continent. Many times in its past, Laurentia has been a separate continent as it is now in the form of North America, although originally it also included the cratonic areas of Greenland and also the northwestern part of Scotland, known as the Hebridean Terrane. During other times in its past, Laurentia has been part of larger continents and supercontinents and itself consists of many smaller terranes assembled on a network of Early Proterozoic orogenic belts. Small microcontinents and oceanic islands collided with and sutured onto the ever-growing Laurentia, and together formed the stable Archean craton we see today.
The craton is named after the Laurentian Shield, which in turn is named after the Laurentian Mountains.
Interior platform.
In eastern and central Canada, much of the stable craton is exposed at the surface as the Canadian Shield; when sub-surface extensions are considered, the wider term Laurentian Shield is more common, not least because large parts of the structure extend outside Canada. In the United States, the craton bedrock is covered with sedimentary rocks of the interior platform in the Midwest and Great Plains regions. Only in northern Minnesota, Wisconsin, the Adirondacks of New York and the Upper Peninsula of Michigan is the craton bedrock exposed. The sequence of rocks varies from approximately 1,000 to in excess of 6,100 metres (3,500–20,000 ft) in thickness. The cratonic rocks are metamorphic and igneous, while the overlying sedimentary rocks are composed mostly of limestones, sandstones, and shales. These sedimentary rocks were deposited from 650 to 290 million years ago.
Tectonic setting.
The metamorphic and igneous rocks of the "basement complex" were formed 1.5 to 1.0 billion years ago in a tectonically active setting. It was a setting of great pressure and temperature. The younger sedimentary rocks that were deposited on top of this basement complex were formed in a setting of quiet marine and river waters. During much of Mississippian time, the craton was the site of an extensive marine carbonate platform on which mainly limestones and some dolostones and evaporites were deposited. This platform extended either from the present Appalachian Mountains or Mississippi Valley to the present Great Basin. The craton was covered by shallow, warm, tropical epicontinental or epicratonic sea (meaning literally "on the craton") that had maximum depths of only about 60 metres (200 ft) at the shelf edge. During Cretaceous times, such a sea, the Western Interior Seaway, ran from the Gulf of Mexico to the Arctic Ocean, dividing North America into eastern and western land masses. Sometimes land masses or mountain chains rose up on the distant edges of the craton and then eroded down, shedding their sand across the landscape.
Volcanism.
The southwestern portion of Laurentia consists of Precambrian basement rocks deformed by continental collisions (violet area of the image above). This area has been subjected to considerable rifting as the Basin and Range Province and has been stretched up to 100% of its original width. The area contains numerous large volcanic eruptions.

</doc>
<doc id="19630687" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19630687" title="Sam Houston Schoolhouse">
Sam Houston Schoolhouse

Sam Houston Schoolhouse is a single-room log cabin-style schoolhouse in Maryville, Tennessee, built in 1794. Sam Houston taught at the school as a young man, before the War of 1812. 
The schoolhouse is a Tennessee state historic site operated under an agreement with the Tennessee Historical Commission. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1972.

</doc>
<doc id="19630689" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19630689" title="Jin Kyung-Sun">
Jin Kyung-Sun

Jin Kyung-Sun (; born April 10, 1980) is a South Korean football player who currently plays for Gangwon FC in the K-League.
His previous club is Jeonbuk Hyundai Motors, Daegu FC, Bucheon SK and Ulsan Hyundai Mipo Dolphin in Korea National League.

</doc>
<doc id="19630705" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19630705" title="Zerezindo">
Zerezindo

Zerezindo (533/34 – 30 July 578) was a Visigothic "dux" (duke), probably of Baetica, where he was buried. His funerary inscription was found in the house once belonging to Juan Álvarez de Bohorques in Villamartín in Écija. It reads: 
A † ω<br>
ZEREZINDO · DVX · FD<br>
VIXIT ANNOS PLVS MINVS<br>
XLIIII · OBIT · III · KAL · AG<br>
ERA · D · C · XVI
The first line of the inscription, a symbol of Jesus Christ, shows the Greek letters alpha and omega on either side of a cross. The rest of the inscription reads "Zerezindo, duke, FD, lived forty-four years and died on the 3 kalends of August of the Era 616." The interpretation of "FD" has eluded scholars. Rodrigo Caro and Fray Christoval de San Antonio read it as "filius ducis", "son of the duke", implying that Zerezindo's father was also a duke. Juan Francisco Masdeu reads it as "Famulus Dei", "servant of God", and cites the inscription of a certain Exuperantius from the same year near Frexenal. It has also been intrepreted as an abbreviation for "fidelis", "faithful one, loyal one the king". 
The most intereting fact about Zerezindo is his Germanic name and the implication of his headstone that he was a Catholic at a time when most Visigoths were Arian Christians. This is especially noteworthy considering his high rank; a Catholic Goth had managed to ascend to the uppermost military rank in an Arian noble society. 
Etymologically, Zerezindo's interesting name attests to his probable Gothic identity. His name has been normalised as Seresind ("Seresindus"). The Germanic root of its first component may be "swērs" ("swear"); or perhaps "skari" ("band"). The latter component comes from "swinþs/ô" ("strength").

</doc>
<doc id="19630708" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19630708" title="Balmorhea (band)">
Balmorhea (band)

Balmorhea (pronounced Bal-more-ray) is a six-piece minimalist instrumental ensemble from Austin, Texas, that was formed in 2006 by Rob Lowe and Michael Muller. Balmorhea were influenced by Ludovico Einaudi, The Six Parts Seven, Claude Debussy, Ludwig van Beethoven, Rachel's, Gillian Welch, Max Richter, Arvo Pärt and John Cage.
The band self-released their first album, self-titled "Balmorhea", in April 2007, and their second album "Rivers Arms" in February 2008, and released a limited EP in the fall of 2008. The group released their third full-length album, "All is Wild, All is Silent" on Western Vinyl Records. Their fourth full-length album, "Constellations", was released in February 2010 on Western Vinyl, and their fifth, "Stranger", was released late October 2012.
Balmorhea, called “an exemplary experiment in restraint” by The New Yorker, has toured the US and Europe eight times each, including shows with Tortoise, Fleet Foxes, Mono, Bear in Heaven, Sharon Van Etten, Damien Jurado, Efterklang, and others. Additionally the band has performed at Austin City Limits Music Festival, SXSW, Fun Fun Fun Fest, and the Hopscotch Festival among others. Their music has been featured and reviewed by Pitchfork, BBC, MOJO, Paste Magazine, NME, The Wall Street Journal, NPR, The New Yorker and many more.

</doc>
<doc id="19630711" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19630711" title="Jaques le Vinier">
Jaques le Vinier

Jaques le Vinier (fl. 1240–60) was a trouvère probably from the region around Arras and associated with the trouvères of that city. He was a member of the Puy d'Arras and wrote a "jeu parti" with Andrieu Contredit. His "floruit" dates are reconstructed on the basis of his reference to Jehan Bretel in his "chanson d'amour" "De loial amour". Besides "chansons d'amour", Jaques also wrote "chansons" dedicated to the Virgin Mary. The main source preserving his work is the Vatican Chansonnier. Jaques wrote original melodies for his Marian songs, while most such works by other trouvères were contrafacta of pre-existing music. The plagal melodies, all in bar form, are simple, but include both isometric or heterometric tunes. Jaques's complete œuvre comprises:
It is doubtful whether this last one is Jaques's. Unlike his other Marian "chansons", it is a contrafactum of "Lo clar tems vei brunezir" by Raimon Jordan.

</doc>
<doc id="19630739" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19630739" title="Continent">
Continent

A continent is one of several very large landmasses on Earth. They are generally identified by convention rather than any strict criteria, with up to seven regions commonly regarded as continents. These are from largest in size to smallest: Asia, Africa, North America, South America, Antarctica, Europe, and Australia.
In geology, continents are described by means of tectonic plates. Plate tectonics is the process and study of the movement, collision and division of continents.
Definitions and application.
Conventionally, "continents are understood to be large, continuous, discrete masses of land, ideally separated by expanses of water." Many of the seven most commonly recognized continents identified by convention are not discrete landmasses separated by water. The criterion "large" leads to arbitrary classification: Greenland, with a surface area of is considered the world's largest island, while Australia, at is deemed a continent. Likewise, the ideal criterion that each be a continuous landmass is often disregarded by the inclusion of the continental shelf and oceanic islands, and contradicted by classifying North and South America as two continents; and/or Eurasia and Africa as two continents, with no natural separation by water. This anomaly reaches its extreme if the continuous land mass of Europe and Asia is considered to constitute two continents. The Earth's major landmasses are washed upon by a single, continuous world ocean, which is divided into a number of principal oceanic components by the continents and various geographic criteria. Continents are sometimes extended beyond the major landmasses, in a way that every bit of land on earth is included in a continent.
Extent of continents.
The narrowest meaning of "continent" is that of a continuous area of land or mainland, with the coastline and any land boundaries forming the edge of the continent. In this sense the term "continental Europe" (sometimes "the Continent") is used to refer to mainland Europe, excluding islands such as Great Britain, Ireland, and Iceland, and the term "continent of Australia" may refer to the mainland of Australia, excluding Tasmania and New Guinea. Similarly, the "continental United States" refers to the 48 contiguous states in central North America and may include Alaska in the northwest of the continent (the two being separated by Canada), while excluding Hawaii in the middle of the Pacific Ocean.
From the perspective of geology or physical geography, "continent" may be extended beyond the confines of continuous dry land to include the shallow, submerged adjacent area (the continental shelf) and the islands on the shelf (continental islands), as they are structurally part of the continent. From this perspective the edge of the continental shelf is the true edge of the continent, as shorelines vary with changes in sea level. In this sense the islands of Great Britain and Ireland are part of Europe, while Australia and the island of New Guinea together form a continent.
As a cultural construct, the concept of a continent may go beyond the continental shelf to include oceanic islands and continental fragments. In this way, Iceland is considered part of Europe and Madagascar part of Africa. Extrapolating the concept to its extreme, some geographers group the Australasian continental plate with other islands in the Pacific into one continent called Oceania. This divides the entire land surface of the Earth into continents or quasi-continents.
Separation of continents.
The ideal criterion that each continent be a discrete landmass is commonly disregarded in favor of more arbitrary, historical conventions. Of the seven most commonly recognized continents, only Antarctica and Australia are completely separated from other continents.
Several continents are defined not as absolutely distinct bodies but as ""more or less" discrete masses of land". Asia and Africa are joined by the Isthmus of Suez, and North and South America by the Isthmus of Panama. Both these isthmuses are very narrow compared to the bulk of the landmasses they join, and both are transected by artificial canals (the Suez and Panama canals), which provide maritime passage across these landmasses.
The traditional division of the landmass of Eurasia into the continents of Asia and Europe is an anomaly, as no sea separates them. The alternative view—in geology and geography—that Eurasia is a single continent results in a six-continent view of the world. Some view separation of Eurasia into Europe and Asia as a residue of Eurocentrism: "In physical, cultural and historical diversity, China and India are comparable to the entire European landmass, not to a single European country. A better (if still imperfect) analogy would compare France, not to India as a whole, but to a single Indian state, such as Uttar Pradesh." However, for historical and cultural reasons, the view of Europe as a separate continent continues in several categorizations.
North America and South America are treated as separate continents in the seven-continent model. However, they may also be viewed as a single continent known as America. This viewpoint was common in the United States until World War II, and remains prevalent in some Asian six-continent models. This remains the more common vision in Latin American countries, Spain and Portugal, where they are taught as a single continent. This use is shown in names such as the "Organization of American States". From the 19th century some people used the term "Americas" to avoid ambiguity with the United States of America.
When continents "are" defined as discrete landmasses, embracing all the contiguous land of a body, then Asia, Europe and Africa form a single continent known by various names such as Afro-Eurasia. This produces a four-continent model consisting of Afro-Eurasia, America, Antarctica and Australia.
When sea levels were lower during the Pleistocene ice age, greater areas of continental shelf were exposed as dry land, forming land bridges. At this time Australia-New Guinea was a single, continuous continent. Likewise the Americas and Afro-Eurasia were joined by the Bering land bridge. Other islands such as Great Britain were joined to the mainlands of their continents. At that time there were just three discrete continents: Afro-Eurasia-America, Antarctica, and Australia-New Guinea.
Number of continents.
There are numerous ways of distinguishing the continents:
Using this latter model as a starting point, the International Olympic Committee uses only inhabited continents (excluding Antarctica) and thus a five-continent model as depicted in the Olympic logo.
The terms "Oceania" or "Australasia" are sometimes substituted for "Australia" to denote a region encompassing the Australian continent and various islands in the Pacific Ocean that are not included in the seven-continent model. For example, the "Atlas of Canada" names Oceania, as does the model taught in Italy, Greece and in Ibero-America (Spain, Portugal, Brazil and Hispanic America).
Area and population.
The following table summarises area and population of each continent using the seven continent model, sorted by decreasing area.
The total land area of all continents is , or 29.1% of earth's surface ().
A rough estimate of the total population of all the continents is 7,000,000,000.
Highest and lowest points.
The following table lists the seven continents with their highest and lowest points on land, sorted in decreasing highest points.
† The lowest exposed points are given for North America and Antarctica. The lowest non-submarine bedrock elevations in these continents are the trough beneath Jakobshavn Glacier () and Bentley Subglacial Trench (), but these are covered by kilometers of ice.
Some sources list the Kuma–Manych Depression (a remnant of the Paratethys) as the geological border between Europe and Asia. This would place the Caucasus outside of Europe, thus making Mont Blanc (elevation 4810 m) in the Graian Alps the highest point in Europe - the lowest point would still be the shore of the Caspian Sea.
Other divisions.
Aside from the conventionally known continents, the scope and meaning of the term "continent" varies. Supercontinents, largely in evidence earlier in the geological record, are landmasses that comprise more than one craton or continental core. These have included Laurasia, Gondwana, Vaalbara, Kenorland, Columbia, Rodinia, and Pangaea.
Certain parts of continents are recognized as subcontinents, particularly those on different tectonic plates from the rest of the continent. The most notable examples are the Indian subcontinent and the Arabian Peninsula. Greenland, generally reckoned as the world's largest island on the northeastern periphery of the North American Plate, is sometimes referred to as a subcontinent. Where the Americas are viewed as a single continent (America), it is divided into two subcontinents (North America and South America) or various regions.
Some areas of continental crust are largely covered by the sea and may be considered submerged continents. Notable examples are Zealandia, emerging from the sea primarily in New Zealand and New Caledonia, and the almost completely submerged Kerguelen continent in the southern Indian Ocean.
Some islands lie on sections of continental crust that have rifted and drifted apart from a main continental landmass. While not considered continents because of their relatively small size, they may be considered microcontinents. Madagascar, the largest example, is usually considered an island of Africa but has been referred to as "the eighth continent" from a biological perspective.
History of the concept.
Early concepts of the Old World continents.
The first distinction between continents was made by ancient Greek mariners who gave the names Europe and Asia to the lands on either side of the waterways of the Aegean Sea, the Dardanelles strait, the Sea of Marmara, the Bosporus strait and the Black Sea. The names were first applied just to lands near the coast and only later extended to include the hinterlands. But the division was only carried through to the end of navigable waterways and "... beyond that point the Hellenic geographers never succeeded in laying their finger on any inland feature in the physical landscape that could offer any convincing line for partitioning an indivisible Eurasia ..."
Ancient Greek thinkers subsequently debated whether Africa (then called "Libya") should be considered part of Asia or a third part of the world. Division into three parts eventually came to predominate. From the Greek viewpoint, the Aegean Sea was the center of the world; Asia lay to the east, Europe to the west and north and Africa to the south. The boundaries between the continents were not fixed. Early on, the Europe–Asia boundary was taken to run from the Black Sea along the Rioni River (known then as the "Phasis") in Georgia. Later it was viewed as running from the Black Sea through Kerch Strait, the Sea of Azov and along the Don River (known then as the "Tanais") in Russia. The boundary between Asia and Africa was generally taken to be the Nile River. Herodotus in the 5th century BC, however, objected to the unity of Egypt being split into Asia and Africa ("Libya") and took the boundary to lie along the western border of Egypt, regarding Egypt as part of Asia. He also questioned the division into three of what is really a single landmass, a debate that continues nearly two and a half millennia later.
Eratosthenes, in the 3rd century BC, noted that some geographers divided the continents by rivers (the Nile and the Don), thus considering them "islands". Others divided the continents by isthmuses, calling the continents "peninsulas". These latter geographers set the border between Europe and Asia at the isthmus between the Black Sea and the Caspian Sea, and the border between Asia and Africa at the isthmus between the Red Sea and the mouth of Lake Bardawil on the Mediterranean Sea.
Through the Roman period and the Middle Ages, a few writers took the Isthmus of Suez as the boundary between Asia and Africa, but most writers continued to consider it the Nile or the western border of Egypt (Gibbon). In the Middle Ages, the world was usually portrayed on T and O maps, with the T representing the waters dividing the three continents. By the middle of the 18th century, "the fashion of dividing Asia and Africa at the Nile, or at the Great Catabathmus boundary between Egypt and Libya farther west, had even then scarcely passed away".
European arrival in the Americas.
Christopher Columbus sailed across the Atlantic Ocean to the West Indies in 1492, sparking a period of European exploration of the Americas. But despite four voyages to the Americas, Columbus never believed he had reached a new continent—he always thought it was part of Asia.
In 1501, Amerigo Vespucci and Gonçalo Coelho attempted to sail around what they considered the southern end of the Asian mainland into the Indian Ocean, passing through Fernando de Noronha. After reaching the coast of Brazil, they sailed a long way further south along the coast of South America, confirming that this was a land of continental proportions and that it also extended much further south than Asia was known to. On return to Europe, an account of the voyage, called "Mundus Novus" ("New World"), was published under Vespucci’s name in 1502 or 1503, although it seems that it had additions or alterations by another writer. Regardless of who penned the words, "Mundus Novus" credited Vespucci with saying, "I have discovered a continent in those southern regions that is inhabited by more numerous people and animals than our Europe, or Asia or Africa", the first known explicit identification of part of the Americas as a continent like the other three.
Within a few years the name "New World" began appearing as a name for South America on world maps, such as the Oliveriana (Pesaro) map of around 1504–1505. Maps of this time though, still showed North America connected to Asia and showed South America as a separate land.
In 1507 Martin Waldseemüller published a world map, "Universalis Cosmographia", which was the first to show North and South America as separate from Asia and surrounded by water. A small inset map above the main map explicitly showed for the first time the Americas being east of Asia and separated from Asia by an ocean, as opposed to just placing the Americas on the left end of the map and Asia on the right end. In the accompanying book "Cosmographiae Introductio", Waldseemüller noted that the earth is divided into four parts, Europe, Asia, Africa and the fourth part, which he named "America" after Amerigo Vespucci's first name. On the map, the word "America" was placed on part of South America.
The word "continent".
From the 16th century the English noun "continent" was derived from the term "continent land", meaning continuous or connected land and translated from the Latin "terra continens". The noun was used to mean "a connected or continuous tract of land" or mainland. It was not applied only to very large areas of land—in the 17th century, references were made to the "continents" (or mainlands) of Isle of Man, Ireland and Wales and in 1745 to Sumatra. The word "continent" was used in translating Greek and Latin writings about the three "parts" of the world, although in the original languages no word of exactly the same meaning as "continent" was used.
While "continent" was used on the one hand for relatively small areas of continuous land, on the other hand geographers again raised Herodotus’s query about why a single large landmass should be divided into separate continents. In the mid 17th century Peter Heylin wrote in his "Cosmographie" that "A Continent is a great quantity of Land, not separated by any Sea from the rest of the World, as the whole Continent of Europe, Asia, Africa." In 1727 Ephraim Chambers wrote in his "Cyclopædia," "The world is ordinarily divided into two grand continents: the old and the new." And in his 1752 atlas, Emanuel Bowen defined a continent as "a large space of dry land comprehending many countries all joined together, without any separation by water. Thus Europe, Asia, and Africa is one great continent, as America is another." However, the old idea of Europe, Asia and Africa as "parts" of the world ultimately persisted with these being regarded as separate continents.
Beyond four continents.
From the late 18th century some geographers started to regard North America and South America as two parts of the world, making five parts in total. Overall though the fourfold division prevailed well into the 19th century.
Europeans discovered Australia in 1606 but for some time it was taken as part of Asia. By the late 18th century some geographers considered it a continent in its own right, making it the sixth (or fifth for those still taking America as a single continent). In 1813 Samuel Butler wrote of Australia as "New Holland, an immense island, which some geographers dignify with the appellation of another continent" and the "Oxford English Dictionary" was just as equivocal some decades later.
Antarctica was sighted in 1820 and described as a continent by Charles Wilkes on the United States Exploring Expedition in 1838, the last continent identified, although a great "Antarctic" (antipodean) landmass had been anticipated for millennia. An 1849 atlas labelled Antarctica as a continent but few atlases did so until after World War II.
From the mid-19th century, atlases published in the United States more commonly treated North and South America as separate continents, while atlases published in Europe usually considered them one continent. However, it was still not uncommon for American atlases to treat them as one continent up until World War II. The Olympic flag, devised in 1913, has five rings representing the five inhabited, participating continents, with the Americas being treated as one continent and Antarctica not included.
From the 1950s, most U.S. geographers divided the Americas into two continents. With the addition of Antarctica, this made the seven-continent model. However, this division of the Americas never appealed to Latin Americans, who saw their region spanning an as a single landmass, and there the conception of six continents remains, as it does in scattered other countries.
Some geographers regard Europe and Asia together as a single continent, dubbed "Eurasia". In this model, the world is divided into six continents, with North America and South America considered separate continents.
Geology.
Geologists use the term "continent" in a different manner from geographers, where a continent is defined by continental crust: a platform of metamorphic and igneous rock, largely of granitic composition. Some geologists restrict the term 'continent' to portions of the crust built around stable Precambrian "shield", typically 1.5 to 3.8 billion years old, called a craton. The craton itself is an accretionary complex of ancient mobile belts (mountain belts) from earlier cycles of subduction, continental collision and break-up from plate tectonic activity. An outward-thickening veneer of younger, minimally deformed sedimentary rock covers much of the craton. The margins of geologic continents are characterized by currently active or relatively recently active mobile belts and deep troughs of accumulated marine or deltaic sediments. Beyond the margin, there is either a continental shelf and drop off to the basaltic ocean basin or the margin of another continent, depending on the current plate-tectonic setting of the continent. A continental boundary does not have to be a body of water. Over geologic time, continents are periodically submerged under large epicontinental seas, and continental collisions result in a continent becoming attached to another continent. The current geologic era is relatively anomalous in that so much of the continental areas are "high and dry" compared to much of geologic history.
Some argue that continents are accretionary crustal "rafts" that, unlike the denser basaltic crust of the ocean basins, are not subjected to destruction through the plate tectonic process of subduction. This accounts for the great age of the rocks comprising the continental cratons. By this definition, Eastern Europe, India and some other regions could be regarded as continental masses distinct from the rest of Eurasia because they have separate ancient shield areas (i.e. East European craton and Indian craton). Younger mobile belts (such as the Ural Mountains and Himalayas) mark the boundaries between these regions and the rest of Eurasia.
There are many microcontinents, or continental fragments, that are built of continental crust but do not contain a craton. Some of these are fragments of Gondwana or other ancient cratonic continents: Zealandia, which includes New Zealand and New Caledonia; Madagascar; the northern Mascarene Plateau, which includes the Seychelles. Other islands, such as several in the Caribbean Sea, are composed largely of granitic rock as well, but all continents contain both granitic and basaltic crust, and there is no clear boundary as to which islands would be considered microcontinents under such a definition. The Kerguelen Plateau, for example, is largely volcanic, but is associated with the breakup of Gondwanaland and is considered a microcontinent, whereas volcanic Iceland and Hawaii are not. The British Isles, Sri Lanka, Borneo, and Newfoundland are margins of the Laurasian continent—only separated by inland seas flooding its margins.
Plate tectonics offers yet another way of defining continents. Today, Europe and most of Asia constitute the unified Eurasian Plate, which is approximately coincident with the geographic Eurasian continent excluding India, Arabia, and far eastern Russia. India contains a central shield, and the geologically recent Himalaya mobile belt forms its northern margin. North America and South America are separate continents, the connecting isthmus being largely the result of volcanism from relatively recent subduction tectonics. North American continental rocks extend to Greenland (a portion of the Canadian Shield), and in terms of plate boundaries, the North American plate includes the easternmost portion of the Asian land mass. Geologists do not use these facts to suggest that eastern Asia is part of the North American continent, even though the plate boundary extends there; the word continent is usually used in its geographic sense and additional definitions ("continental rocks," "plate boundaries") are used as appropriate.
The movement of plates has caused the formation and break-up of continents over time, including occasional formation of a supercontinent that contains most or all of the continents. The supercontinent Columbia or Nuna formed during a period of 2.0–1.8 billion years and broke up about 1.5–1.3 billion years ago. The supercontinent Rodinia is thought to have formed about 1 billion years ago and to have embodied most or all of Earth's continents, and broken up into eight continents around 600 million years ago. The eight continents later re-assembled into another supercontinent called Pangaea; Pangaea broke up into Laurasia (which became North America and Eurasia) and Gondwana (which became the remaining continents).

</doc>
<doc id="19630743" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19630743" title="Dustin Johnson">
Dustin Johnson

Dustin Hunter Johnson (born June 22, 1984) is an American professional golfer who currently plays on the PGA Tour. He is one of the longest drivers on the PGA Tour, having been third in the driving distance stats for three consecutive years (2009–11) and has ranked inside the top five in each of his five years on the PGA Tour. He has been featured in the top 5 of the Official World Golf Ranking.
Early career.
Johnson was born in Columbia, South Carolina, and played collegiate golf at Coastal Carolina University. As an amateur, he won the Monroe Invitational and the Northeast Amateur in 2007 and played on the winning 2007 Walker Cup and Palmer Cup teams. Johnson is the first player since Tiger Woods to win at least once in each of his first seven seasons coming out of college.
Professional career.
Johnson turned professional in late 2007 and earned his 2008 PGA Tour card by finishing in a tie for 14th place at the 2007 qualifying school in December.
Toward the end of his rookie season in October 2008, Johnson won his first PGA Tour event, the Turning Stone Resort Championship in upstate New York. Four months later, he won his second event at the AT&T Pebble Beach National Pro-Am, which was shortened to 54 holes when the final round was canceled due to strong winds and heavy rain. Johnson won by four strokes over Mike Weir and five strokes over second round leader Retief Goosen, who shot a third round 74. Johnson finished the 2009 season ranked 15th on the PGA Tour money list.
2010.
In February 2010, Johnson birdied the final hole to defeat former world number one David Duval and two-time PGA Tour winner J. B. Holmes to successfully defend his AT&T Pebble Beach National Pro-Am title.
He continued his Pebble Beach success by shooting 71-70-66 to take a three-shot lead over Graeme McDowell at the 2010 U.S. Open. In the last pairing on Sunday, Johnson had trouble early and never recovered; he shot a disappointing 82 and finished tied for eighth (McDowell won the championship).
In the final round of the 2010 PGA Championship, Johnson held a one-shot lead entering the final hole. He appeared to have bogeyed the hole, which would have tied him for first and entered him into a three-hole playoff with Bubba Watson and Martin Kaymer. However, he received a two-stroke penalty for grounding his club in a bunker, thereby dropping him to a tie for fifth place. Kaymer eventually won the playoff. 
Johnson broke his streak of bad luck at the third FedEx Cup playoff event of the season, the BMW Championship at Cog Hill in September. It was Johnson's fourth career PGA Tour victory, and his first in any FedEx Cup playoff event. He finished the 2010 season ranked 4th on the PGA Tour money list.
2011.
Johnson took part in the Long Drive Contest for charity at the Hyundai Tournament of Champions in January, alongside Bubba Watson and Robert Garrigus.
In March 2011, Johnson entered the final round of the WGC-Cadillac Championship with a two stroke lead over the rest of the field. However he could only manage a final round one-under-par 71 to finish as runner-up behind Nick Watney.
Johnson earned his best finish in a major championship in July at the 2011 Open Championship in England. He finished in a tie for second place at Royal St George's, alongside fellow American Phil Mickelson, three strokes behind champion Darren Clarke. Johnson's first three rounds of 70-68-68 left him one stroke behind Clarke and for most of Sunday's round Johnson managed to keep up with him, at one stage being just one back. His final round charge was derailed at the par five 14th, when his second shot went out of bounds and led to a double bogey. This took Johnson out of contention as he slipped to four strokes behind Clarke with only four holes to play. One highlight of Johnson's week at Royal St George's came in the first round when he recorded a hole in one on the par three 16th hole. This result marked the third time that Johnson had been part of the final group on Sunday at a major championship and also occurring in three out of the four majors, the 2010 U.S. Open, the 2010 PGA Championship and the 2011 Open Championship. As a result of this second place finish, Johnson moved to his highest spot in the Official World Golf Ranking at the time, seventh, and became the third-ranked American behind Steve Stricker and Mickelson.
Johnson won his fifth PGA Tour title at The Barclays in 2011. He beat Matt Kuchar by two strokes. This was his second 54-hole tournament victory of his career, after the 2009 AT&T Pebble Beach National Pro-Am. The tournament was shortened due to the threat of Hurricane Irene. Johnson shot rounds of 66-63-65 to win at -19. This was Johnson's first victory of 2011 and it moved him from 19th to first in the FedEx Cup standings. It was also the second FedEx Cup playoff event win of his career after he won the BMW Championship in 2010. The win also took him to a career high of 4th in the world rankings, the second highest American, (behind Steve Stricker). Although he started the playoffs well and held the number one position for the first week, he was unable to continue his form at the three remaining playoff events and did not record a single top 20 in any of them and finished the fourth in the final FedEx Cup standings.
2012.
Johnson incurred a back injury at home in March and missed over two months of the 2012 season, including the first major at The Masters. He returned to competition in late May at the Memorial Tournament in Ohio, made the cut and finished tied for 19th. The following week he won his sixth tour event, the FedEx St. Jude Classic in Memphis, Tennessee at TPC Southwind. He missed the cut at the U.S.Open the week after, finishing at +9, one stroke outside the cut mark.
2013.
Johnson began his 2013 season with a win at the season opening Hyundai Tournament of Champions, an event reserved for winners from the past season. Johnson won by four strokes over defending champion Steve Stricker in an event that was shortened to 54 holes due the bad weather, mainly very strong wind that meant conditions were unplayable. The first three days of the tournament were wiped out, with the field having to complete 36 holes on the Monday and a final 18 on Tuesday. The event was Johnson's seventh PGA Tour win and his third in a 54-hole event; a 54-hole event is still considered an official win with full OWGR ranking points. The same week Johnson also was seen with Paulina Gretzky, daughter of Wayne Gretzky. The two announced their engagement on August 18.
Results in major championships.
DNP = Did not play<br>
CUT = missed the half-way cut<br>
"T" = tied<br>
Yellow background for top-10.
World Golf Championships.
Results timeline.
DNP = Did not play<br>
QF, R16, R32, R64 = Round in which player lost in match play<br>
"T" = tied<br>
Green background for wins. Yellow background for top-10.
U.S. national team appearances.
Amateur
Professional
Equipment.
As of November 3, 2013

</doc>
<doc id="19630823" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19630823" title="Scholars Sing Cayabyab">
Scholars Sing Cayabyab

Scholars Sing Cayabyab is a compilation album of Ryan Cayabyab-composed songs performed by the Pinoy Dream Academy Season 2 Top 10 scholars and the PDA Season 1 Grand Star Dreamer Yeng Constantino. The album was released on 2008 under Star Records.
The album is composed of eleven tracks that includes the songs ""Paano Na Kaya"", ""Manalig Ka"", ""Limang Dipang Tao"" and ""Awit Ng Pangarap"".

</doc>
<doc id="19630839" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19630839" title="No. 1 Hit Weekend">
No. 1 Hit Weekend

History.
It started in the 2nd Saturday of September 2007, playing 90s hits. It targeted an increasingly younger audience. Since September 2007, its regular schedule was every Saturday, but it lasted until the 1st Saturday of November.
The Replacement.
On November 9, 2007, the all new 24K Friday was replaced with #1 Hit Weekend, owing to allegedly flip-flopping management decisions and issues concerning the viability of having an oldies show while the station targeted an increasingly younger audience. It only lasted every Friday until March 14, 2008 before it switched to the Campus 99.5 brand.
No. 1 Weekend on Mix FM.
105.9 Mix FM in Davao City has a 90s program called "The No. 1 Weekend". From 2005 to 2010, it played only 90s. Since 2012, it only plays 21st century music.

</doc>
<doc id="19630843" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19630843" title="Margaret Snyder">
Margaret Snyder

Margaret E. Snyder is an American politician from California and a member of the Democratic Party. A former legal secretary and community volunteer, she served on the Modesto School Board from 1985 until 1992, when she won election to the newly created 25th district in the California State Assembly. 
She entered the legislature with a relatively liberal record from her years on the school board. She quickly cultivated her conservative Central Valley district, however, as exemplified by her 100 percent rating from the NRA. Nevertheless, Snyder was unable to win reelection in 1994, when Republicans enjoyed huge wins across the country. She lost to Republican George House, a retired CHP commander and almond farmer, who at the time was considered a weak candidate.

</doc>
<doc id="19630858" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19630858" title="Eric Lambert">
Eric Lambert

Eric Frank Lambert (19 January 1918 – 16 April 1966) was an Australian author and a member of the Communist Party of Australia.
Early life.
Born in London in 1918, Eric Lambert emigrated at the age of 2 with his parents - they settled in Manly, Sydney, Australia. He left school at the age of 17 and worked in a garage having been denied the grammar school and university education he hankered after. In 1940 he enlisted in the Australian Imperial Force. He saw action in the Middle East with the 2nd/2nd Machine-Gun Battalion (January 1941-October 1942) and the 2nd/15th Battalion (to January 1943) before sailing for Australia. From August 1943 he was in Papua New Guinea with the 2nd/15th, returning home in March 1944. While in Singapore (September–October 1945) assisting the repatriation of prisoners of war from Changi, he was promoted to Sergeant. He was discharged in Melbourne on 7 December 1945. determined to work for the cause of peace, soon meeting and joining forces with Frank Hardy, who was at a similar stage with his first novel, "Power without Glory". Hardy persuaded him to join the Communist Party.
Writing career.
He started writing on a Commonwealth Literary Fund grant and self-published his first novel "The Twenty Thousand Thieves" which was later taken up by Frederick Muller Ltd. London, in 1952. It was based on his memories of WWII and despite of getting caught up in the Cold War politics of the time, it sold three quarters of a million copies.
Realist Writers.
With Frank Hardy and Stephen Murray-Smith, Lambert co-founded the Melbourne Realist Writers Association and collaborated with its members to edit and produce its journal, the "Realist Writer". In the mid 1950s, he was a co-founder of the journal "Overland". In 1955 he attended the World Assembly for Peace in Helsinki and afterwards stayed on in London. Hearing of disturbing events in Hungary, he crossed the border without a visa during the 1956 uprising and was horrified by the aggression of the Soviets against the young people who were demonstrating for independence and peace. Back in London, he attempted to get his reports published in the Communist Party press, but to no avail and left the Party embittered with communism. Instead, he wrote about events in Hungary for "The Daily Telegraph", much to the chagrin of his former communist colleagues.
Later life.
He had continued writing throughout his time in Europe, and apart from drawing further on his war experience he also dealt with the Eureka Stockade, in "The Five Bright Stars" (1954) and Ned Kelly in "Kelly" (1964). He remarried in March 1963 to Phyllis Hogarth. Lambert formerly adopted Hogarth's daughter and Phyllis gave birth to their own daughter, Francesca, in early 1964. He was devoted to them and although his ill-health and his depression was a feature, being a father provided him with much happiness. Sadly, he later died of acute hypertensive heart failure in April 1966 in Little Maplestead, Essex.
Bibliography.
Extant articles.
- some of the ones written whilst a member of the Realist Writers group, Melbourne Branch
Biography.
Title: Desolate market : a biography of Eric Lambert
Author: Zoe O'Leary
Publication Details: Sydney : Edwards & Shaw, 1974.
Language: English
Identifier: ISBN 085551003X

</doc>
<doc id="19630862" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19630862" title="Swedish Sign Language">
Swedish Sign Language

Swedish Sign Language ("Svenskt teckenspråk" or STS) is the sign language used in Sweden.

</doc>
<doc id="19630865" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19630865" title="JTB">
JTB

JTB may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19630866" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19630866" title="Zena, Oregon">
Zena, Oregon

Zena is a former community (now considered a ghost town) approximately 10 miles northwest of Salem, Oregon, United States, in Polk County. The community was established in 1858 was originally called "Spring Valley". It was renamed "Zena" by Daniel Jackson Cooper and his brother Jacob Calvin Cooper, pioneers from Missouri. In 1866 they built a store and obtained the post office there, renaming the community in tribute to their wives (and sisters), Arvazena "Spilman" Cooper and Melzena "Spilman" Cooper. Zena is home to the historic Spring Valley Presbyterian Church. The 1992 novel "The Road to Zena" by Joel Redon is set in Zena.
Arvazena Cooper.
Arvazena was born in 1846 in Cherokee County, North Carolina. She spent many years in Missouri and married Daniel Jackson Cooper in May 1861. Two years later, the family moved west and settled in Oregon’s Willamette Valley. She and her husband had 15 children born in Missouri, Oregon and on the journey to Oregon. Arvazena died in 1929 and is buried in The Dalles, Oregon.
According to Arvazena Cooper:
Grandpa Emmerson Cooper went over into Polk County during this week and got a place to stop at from Bolivar Walker. Afterward he bought a place from Nels Walling, paying for it with his outfit he crossed the plains with. It was at a place afterwards called Zena, near a church where Grandpa preached for several years."

</doc>
<doc id="19630883" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19630883" title="List of InuYasha episodes (season 1)">
List of InuYasha episodes (season 1)

The first season of the anime series "InuYasha" aired in Japan on Animax from October 16, 2000, through May 21, 2001. Based on the manga series of the same title by Rumiko Takahashi, the episodes were produced by Sunrise and directed by Masashi Ikeda. The series follows a half demon InuYasha's and a high school girl Kagome Higurashi's journey, alongside their friends Shippo, Miroku and Sango to obtain the fragments of the shattered Jewel of Four Souls, a powerful jewel that had been hidden inside Kagome's body, and keep the shards from being used for evil.
The anime is licensed for release in North America by Viz Media. The English dub of the first season was broadcast on Cartoon Network as part of its Adult Swim programming block from August 31, 2002, through January 21, 2003, and again on Toonami beginning on November 3, 2012. The first season was released on nine DVD compilations by Viz Media. A full box set containing all twenty-seven episodes was released on September 7, 2004.
Three pieces of theme music are used for the episodes; one opening theme and two closing themes. The Japanese opening theme is "Change the World" by V6, used for the first twenty-seven episodes. The two closing themes are "My Will" by Japanese girl group Dream and Do As Infinity's , used for the first twenty and remaining seven episodes respectively.
__TOC__
Episode listing.
<onlyinclude>
</onlyinclude>

</doc>
<doc id="19630907" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19630907" title="The Extra Mile (story collection)">
The Extra Mile (story collection)

The Extra Mile is a 1962 book of selected short stories by Ivy R. Doherty.

</doc>
<doc id="19630925" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19630925" title="List of InuYasha episodes (season 2)">
List of InuYasha episodes (season 2)

The second season of the anime series "InuYasha" aired in Japan on Animax from May 28, 2001, through December 10, 2001. Based on the manga series of the same title by Rumiko Takahashi, the anime was produced by Sunrise. The series continues a half demon InuYasha's and a high school girl Kagome Higurashi's journey, alongside their friends Shippo, Miroku and Sango to obtain the fragments of the shattered Jewel of Four Souls, a powerful jewel that had been hidden inside Kagome's body, and keep the shards from being used for evil.
The anime is licensed for release in North America by Viz Media. The English dub of the first season was broadcast on Cartoon Network as part of its Adult Swim programming block from January 22, 2003, through May 1, 2004
The opening themes for this season were "Change the World by V6 for episodes 26-34, and "I Am" by hitomi for episodes 35-54. The ending themes were by Do As Infinity for episodes 28-41 and "Dearest" by Ayumi Hamasaki for episodes 42-54.
__TOC__
Episode listing.
<onlyinclude>
</onlyinclude>

</doc>
<doc id="19630931" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19630931" title="Ryan Davis (Australian rules footballer)">
Ryan Davis (Australian rules footballer)

Ryan Davis (born 7 June 1989) is an Australian Rules footballer with the West Coast Eagles.
Biography.
He started his senior football career at the North Shore Bombers before catching the eye of West Coast Eagle talent scouts. Signing a scholarship with the club in 2007, Davis had an outstanding year playing first grade for North Shore and the Under 18 NSW state team. After collecting 2nd in the North Shore best and Fairest, best first year player and playing an important part in both a North Shore premiership (in which he won best on ground) and NSW series win Ryan was offered a rookie spot with West Coast for the 2008 season.
Davis made his AFL debut for the West Coast Eagles at Gold Coast Stadium versus North Melbourne in Round 8 of the 2008 AFL season and continued to play 11 games in his debut season.

</doc>
<doc id="19630945" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19630945" title="List of InuYasha episodes (season 3)">
List of InuYasha episodes (season 3)

The perfect season of the anime series "InuYasha" aired in Japan on Animax from December 17, 2001, through August 12, 2002. Based on the manga series of the same title by Rumiko Takahashi, the anime was produced by Sunrise. The series continues a half demon InuYasha and a high school girl Kagome Higurashi's journey alongside their friends Shippo, Miroku and Sango to obtain the fragments of the shattered Jewel of Four Souls, a powerful jewel that had been hidden inside Kagome's body, and keep the shards from being used for evil.
The anime is licensed for release in North America by Viz Media. The English dub of the third season was broadcast on Cartoon Network as part of its Adult Swim programming block from May 8, 2004, through January 17, 2005.
The opening themes for this season were "I Am" by hitomi for episodes 55-64 and by Nanase Aikawa for episodes 65-82. The ending themes were "Dearest" by Ayumi Hamasaki for episodes 55-60 and by BoA for episodes 61-82.
__TOC__
Episode listing.
<onlyinclude>
</onlyinclude>

</doc>
<doc id="19630956" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19630956" title="The Bobs (disambiguation)">
The Bobs (disambiguation)

The Bobs may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19630964" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19630964" title="List of InuYasha episodes (season 4)">
List of InuYasha episodes (season 4)

The fourth season of the anime series "InuYasha" aired in Japan on Animax from August 19, 2002, through May 12, 2003. It is the first season of the series to be produced and broadcast in High Definition, while maintaining its standard aspect ratio. Based on the manga series of the same title by Rumiko Takahashi, the anime was produced by Sunrise. The series continues a half demon InuYasha's and a high school girl Kagome Higurashi's journey alongside their friends Shippo, Miroku and Sango to obtain the fragments of the shattered Jewel of Four Souls, a powerful jewel that had been hidden inside Kagome's body, and keep the shards from being used for evil.
The anime is licensed for release in North America by Viz Media. The English dub of the fourth season was broadcast on Cartoon Network as part of its Adult Swim programming block from January 18, 2005, through July 23, 2005.
The opening themes for this season were by Nanase Aikawa and "Grip!" by Every Little Thing for episodes 96-110. The ending themes were by BoA for episodes 83-85, by Do As Infinity for episodes 86-108, and by Day After Tomorrow for episodes 109-110.
Episode listing.
__FORCETOC__
<onlyinclude>
</onlyinclude>

</doc>
<doc id="19630970" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19630970" title="Tiger Scout">
Tiger Scout

Tiger Scout can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19630992" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19630992" title="Terry Harkin">
Terry Harkin

John Terence "Terry" Harkin (born 14 September 1941) is a former Northern Ireland international footballer who played as a centre forward. He scored 126 goals in 261 league games in nine seasons in the Football League. He also scored 66 goals in 142 games in the League of Ireland, and scored five goals in 11 North American Soccer League games.
He began his career with Derry City and Coleraine, before winning a £2,000 move to Port Vale in September 1962. He was sold on to Crewe Alexandra for £3,000 in June 1964, and scored a club record 35 goals in 1964–65. He moved on to Cardiff City in August 1965, before switching to Notts County the following year. He was sold on to Southport for £2,000 the next year, before being transferred to Shrewsbury Town in March 1969. He returned to Ireland in 1971 to play for Finn Harps. He spent eight years with the club, and won the FAI Cup in 1974, and helped the "Harps" to finish second in the League of Ireland in 1972–73, 1975–76, and 1977–78. In summer 1973, he played on loan for Canadian club Toronto Metros. He ended his career in 1980, following a brief spell at Dundalk.
Club career.
A prolific goalscorer throughout his career, Harkin started out as a youth with Derry City before making his name with Bertie Peacock’s Coleraine. He transferred to Norman Low's Port Vale for a £2,000 fee in September 1962. He opened his account for the "Valiants" with a brace in a 5–1 win over Southend United at Vale Park on 24 September. He finished the 1962–63 season with 10 goals in 17 Third Division, as new boss Freddie Steele took the club to within one place of automatic promotion. In 1963–64, Harkin managed only two goals in eleven games, both against Southend.
A close-season £3,000 transfer to Jimmy McGuigan's Crewe Alexandra in June 1964 brought an improvement to Harkin's league opportunities. He scored 35 times (a seasonal record for a Crewe player) in the Fourth Division in 1964–65, including a four goal performance in a 6–2 win over Barrow. This form brought the attentions of higher-league clubs, and new Port Vale manager Jackie Mudie tried to re-sign Harkin towards the end of the season, but he remained at Gresty Road.
In August 1965, Cardiff City manager Jimmy Scoular took Harkin into the Second Division. An explosive start to his Ninian Park career saw a debut goal in a 2–1 defeat by Derby County, and a total of seven in his first eight games, before his form dipped, and goals dried-up. The "Bluebirds" narrowly avoided relegation in 1965–66. Thereafter Harkin's first-team opportunities were sporadic, and in September 1966 both club and player decided to part ways.
A "no-nonsense" striker, strong in the air and possessing a powerful shot with either foot, Harkin found himself back in the Fourth Division with Notts County. An explosive start at Meadow Lane brought Harkin seven goals by mid-November, before his form slightly dipped. At the end of 1966–67, the "Magpies" finished just above the re-election positions, and accepted a £2,000 bid for Harkin from Southport, newly promoted to the Third Division.
At that time, Southport were managed by Billy Bingham, and although he left mid-season to manage Plymouth Argyle, he clearly remembered Harkin for the other post he had also taken that season, part-time manager of Northern Ireland. His 21 league goals in 1967–68 helped the "Sandgrounders" to mid-table respectability, and an appearance in the FA Cup third round, where they lost narrowly, 1–0, to First Division giants, Everton.
In March 1969, cash-strapped Southport manager Don McEvoy was forced to sell one of his prize assets, as Harkin joining struggling Third Division rivals, Shrewsbury Town. His early impact of eight goals in 17 appearances helped drag the "Shrews" to safety in 1968–69. Harkin remained a regular goalscorer at Gay Meadow in 1969–70 through to the end of the 1970–71 season, when he moved back home to sign for Donegal club, Finn Harps.
Harkin helped the "Harps" to the most successful period in their history, finishing as equal top-scorer (with Waterford's Alfie Hale) in the League of Ireland in 1972–73 with 20 goals. He claimed an FAI Cup winners’ medal the following year (the club's only ever major trophy win). The "Harps" did regularly challenge for the League championship, and finished as runners-up in 1972–73, 1975–76, and 1977–78. They also competed in Europe on a regular basis, and Harkin scored in two legs against Aberdeen in the 1973–74 UEFA Cup. Harkin's 82 league and cup goals leaves him in the club's top-five all-time goalscorers.
Harkin spent the summer of 1973 playing in the North American Soccer League, helping the Toronto Metros to the play-offs with nine goals and five assists (15 points in MVP terms) in eleven games. He finished his senior career as a 38-year-old with Dundalk, later becoming a director at Derry City.
International career.
It was during his debut season in England that Harkin won his first senior representative honour, leading the line for Northern Ireland under-23's in a 5–1 defeat by Wales at Vetch Field, Swansea, in February 1963.
His first full cap for Northern Ireland senior team came in 1968. On 11 December 1968, they faced Turkey at BJK İnönü Stadium in Istanbul in qualification for the 1970 FIFA World Cup, and Harkin bagged a brace in a 3–0 win. The final two caps of Harkin's international career were won in Moscow and Seville, both games resulting in defeats.

</doc>
<doc id="19630996" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19630996" title="Eurosinkut">
Eurosinkut

Eurosinkut (abbreviated *es) is a free-form community for Finnish single people. It organises many kinds of activities all around Finland.
Eurosinkut was founded in Helsinki in 1997. It is not an officially registered organisation, and does not have a specific governing board or structure. The community views its free form as a benefit: no bureaucracy, no government facilities, no annual meetings, no official protocol...
Eurosinkut accepts all Finnish single people as its members, and becoming a member is as simple as filling in a form on the community web site. Membership is free of charge. The Eurosinkut mailing list currently has about 5000 addresses (as of November 2006). The age range is between 16 and 70 years, and there are members from all over Finland.
Events.
There are over 1000 events every year. Most events gather from 10 to 30 participants, but the most popular events can draw over 300.
Any member of Eurosinkut can organise an event, in any topic he/she wishes. The costs of the event are paid by the participants themselves, and participation is open to anyone interested.
The range of events is large: single parties, speed dating, movies, theatre, sähly (Finnish floorball), pesäpallo, bar evenings, walking trips, wandering trips, dancing, bicycle trips, literature, sailing, horse riding, cruises, "little Christmas" parties, Midsummer parties, Halloween parties...
The community maintains an Internet forum for discussion of events and other things.
The Eurosinkut community informs its members through its web site and mailing list.
Additional information.
Getting rid of single status, or being paired, is not the single main purpose of Eurosinkut. Instead, the idea is for members to find new friends among each other, to participate in all kinds of events together. If a member finds another member that he/she likes to be in company with, the community has served its purpose.
Also, being single is not an absolute requirement for membership. (Ex-)singles who have later been paired can also participate in the community: they are called the R (=romance) club.

</doc>
<doc id="19631001" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19631001" title="List of InuYasha episodes (season 5)">
List of InuYasha episodes (season 5)

The fifth season of the anime series "InuYasha" aired in Japan on Animax from May 19, 2003, through January 19, 2004. It was produced and broadcast in High Definition. Based on the manga series of the same title by Rumiko Takahashi, the anime was produced by Sunrise. The season continues the half demon InuYasha's and the high school girl Kagome Higurashi's journey alongside their friends Shippo, Miroku and Sango to obtain the fragments of the shattered Jewel of Four Souls, a powerful jewel that had been hidden inside Kagome's body, and keep the shards from being used for evil.
The anime is licensed for release in North America by Viz Media. The English dub of the fifth season was broadcast on Cartoon Network as part of its Adult Swim programming block from July 30, 2005, through March 22, 2006.
The opening themes for this season were "Grip!" by Every Little Thing for episodes 111-127 and "One Day, One Dream" by Tackey & Tsubasa for episodes 128-138. The ending themes were by Day After Tomorrow for episodes 111-127 and "Come" by Namie Amuro for episodes 128-138.
__TOC__
Episode listing.
<onlyinclude>
</onlyinclude>

</doc>
<doc id="19631051" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19631051" title="List of InuYasha episodes (season 6)">
List of InuYasha episodes (season 6)

The final season of the anime series "InuYasha" aired in Japan on Animax from January 26, 2004, through September 13, 2004. Based on the manga series of the same title by Rumiko Takahashi, the anime was produced by Sunrise. The season continues the half demon InuYasha's and the high school girl Kagome Higurashi's journey alongside their friends Shippo, Miroku and Sango to obtain the fragments of the shattered Jewel of Four Souls, a powerful jewel that had been hidden inside Kagome's body, and keep the shards from being used for evil.
The anime is licensed for release in North America by Viz Media. The English dub of the last season was broadcast on Cartoon Network as part of its Adult Swim programming block from March 29, 2006, through October 27, 2006
The opening themes for this season were "One Day, One Dream" by Tackey & Tsubasa for episodes 139-153 and by Hitomi Shimatani for episodes 154-167. The ending themes were "Come" by Namie Amuro for episodes 139-147, "Change the World" by V6 for episode 148, "Brand-New World" by V6 for episodes 149-166, and "My will" by Dream for episode 167.
__TOC__
Episode listing.
<onlyinclude>
</onlyinclude>

</doc>
<doc id="19631053" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19631053" title="Stylish Century">
Stylish Century

Stylish Century was a notable Australian thoroughbred racehorse.
A son of Double Century from the Forex mare Stylish he was foaled in 1986 and was trained by a number of trainers throughout his career including Bart Cummings for a short time.
Known for his bold, front-running style he won quality races like the 1989 AJC Spring Champion Stakes, VRC Victoria Derby and the 1991 AJC Queen Elizabeth Stakes. As a 3-year old he also ran a close second to Almaarad in the 1989 MVRC W.S. Cox Plate.
He ran in the 1990 Japan Cup, won by David Hayes' Better Loosen Up. 
Stylish Century broke through the barrier and bolted prior to the race and was timed at a near world record pace for a 1000m before being vetted and declared fit to run. He ran a great race to lead them up well into the home straight and was by no means the last to cross the finish line.
Retired to stud, he only had moderate success with his best performer being Buster Jones winner of the 1999 VATC Sandown Stakes.
He died in 2003 following a spider bite.
Race record.
58 starts - 11 wins, 8 seconds, 7 third
Prizemoney.
A$2,510,520
Major wins.
Stylish Century won the following major races:

</doc>
<doc id="19631061" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19631061" title="Jimmy Harry">
Jimmy Harry

Jimmy Harry is an American Golden Globe winning songwriter, producer, and multi-instrumentalist who currently resides in Los Angeles, California.  Harry has worked with artists such as Madonna, Pink, Weezer, Kylie Minogue, Kelly Clarkson, Fisher Spooner, Oh Land, and Santana.  Recognized at the 2012 Golden Globes by the Hollywood Foreign Press Association, he won "Best Original Song" with Madonna and Julie Frost for the song "Masterpiece". In 2010 his production of Pink's "Sober" was nominated for a Grammy for "Best Female Pop Vocal Performance", and he also wrote and produced "Funhouse", the title track of her release nominated in the category "Best Pop Album".

</doc>
<doc id="19631073" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19631073" title="Edward Root">
Edward Root

Eddie Root was an Australian rugby league footballer of the 1920s and 30s. A State and Australian national representative, his club career was played in Sydney with the South Sydney Rabbitohs, the Newtown Bluebags and the St. George Dragons. Enlisted in World War I at the age of just 16 years, he had the distinction of being the last representative footballer to go to the Great War.
Playing career.
A South Sydney junior, Root started playing first grade for the Rabbitohs in 1923, becoming a mainstay in the side in 1926. That year he first tasted premiership success with the Rabbitohs, who also won the following two years' competitions. He was sent off in the 1926 decider against University. 
He made his representative debut for New South Wales in 1927 and was regularly selected for the Blues over the next six seasons. He was selected to go on the 1929–30 Kangaroo tour of Great Britain, playing in fifteen tour matches but no Tests.
When the NSWRL changed the South Sydney/Newtown boundary distinction in 1930 Root spent the following season with Newtown due 
to the strict residential criteria of the time. He then returned to the Rabbitohs and played in the back-to-back premiership-winning Souths sides of 1931 and 1932. In 1935 he was signed by St. George and played in the record-breaking 91-6 win over competition newcomers Canterbury-Bankstown before later becoming the club's captain-coach.

</doc>
<doc id="19631074" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19631074" title="Siege of Charlemont">
Siege of Charlemont

The Siege of Charlemont took place in July – August 1650 during the Cromwellian conquest of Ireland when the fortress of Charlemont in County Armagh, Ireland was besieged by Charles Coote's Parliamentarian army, which was largely composed of soldiers of the New Model Army. The force led by Coote eventually took the fort from its Irish defenders, but not before they suffered heavy losses, with some 5-800 Parliamentarian Soldiers being killed during assaults on the formidable stronghold. In terms of the number of soldiers killed in battle, The Siege of Charlemont was the second bloodiest engagement fought by the Parliamentarians in Ireland, only surpassed by the Siege of Clonmel.
Background.
Charlemont was the first stronghold to be captured in the Irish uprisng of 1641, seized a force led by Felim O'Neill within 24 hours of the outbreak of the rebellion. It was one of the most modern fortrifications in Ireland and as such was one of the few strongholds in Northern Ireland to remain in Irish Confederate hands throughout the 1640s.
At the end of 1649, a force of New Model Army soldiers under Robert Venables moved into Ulster and linked up with Charles Coote's small army. The combined force conquered eastern Ulster easily, routing the Scottish Royalist Ulster army at Lisnagarvey. The only serious opposition to the Parliamentarian army came from Felim O'Neill's Ulstermen, who launched a night attack on the Parliamentarian camp, though to little effect.
At the end of 1649, the Irish Ulster army had been momentarily paralysed as a result of the death of Owen Roe O'Neill. In 1650 Heber MacMahon was chosen to lead the Ulster army, and by mid-1650 the force was once again active, pushing into Ulster and threatening the forces under Coote. MacMahon however was a bishop rather than a military man, and at the battle of Scarrifholis he led the Ulster army to its destruction.
The only senior Irish commander to escape Scarriffhollis was Sir Felim O'Neill. Along with a small number of survivors, he made his way to Charlemont Fort, the last remaining Irish stronghold in Ulster.
Realising that the fort would be near impossible to capture without heavy artillery, Venables and Coote brought Siege Cannon and Mortars with their army when they commenced their attack in late July.
The Commanders.
Charles Coote, who led the mostly English Ulster army, had a savage reputation – during the Parliamentarian offensive in Ulster in late 1649, he exhibited brutal behaviour, committing atrocities not only against Irish Catholics but also against any Scottish Protestants who resisted his advance. After his victory at Scarrifholis, he executed all the soldiers, regardless of rank, who had surrendered to the lower ranking Parliamentarian officers: Even Henry O'Neill, the son of Owen Roe, was put to death. This was considered to be a shocking atrocity, even by the low standards of the time. 
As a Gaelic Irish Catholic, Felim O'Neill had good enough reason to fear Coote, but O'Neill had also featured prominently in English Propaganda pamphlets during the 1640s as the authour of a massacre of Protestants. He was thus hated by many Protestant soldiers in Ireland, and the army surrounding him would therefore be particularly vigilant.
O'Neill did however have a few small points to his advantage. Firstly, the fortress at Charlemont was one of the toughest fortresses in Ireland. Secondly, Coote's reputation was by now well known, and no Irish Catholic would be mad enough to willingly surrender to him. The defenders of Charlemont were thus well aware that they would have little hope of survival if the Parliamentarians captured the fortress. The fighting would invariably prove to be fierce.
The assault.
By early August, the Parliamentarians had managed to batter a breach in the fortifications.
Coote then ordered his troops to cut approach trenches up to the walls. On 8 August the English launched a major assault. Felim O'Neill rallied the entire garrison as well the civilian inhabitants to mount a vigorous defence at the breach- even the women had armed themselves as best they could. The defence was in many respects a repeat of the defence of Clonmel in May: Hundreds of English soldiers were killed by the desperate defenders, and the remainder were forced out of the breach and back to their lines. After this huge effort the garrison was however exhausted, bloodied, and had used up almost all of their gunpowder and ammunition. As a result, on 14 August O'Neill requested terms of surrender. Sir Felim O'Neill demanded hostages from Coote before he would negotiate the surrender. The terms that O'Neill obtained were that he and his men would march out with bag and baggage after their wounds had healed, and proceed to a port where Coote would have ship waiting to carry them overseas. These were a remarkably generous set of terms from Coote: He probably had no other option, for by now few would be willing to surrender to Coote unless extraordinary conditions were offered.
Aftermath.
The fighting at Charlemont was one of the bloodiest conflicts to be fought in Ireland by the Parliamentarians. Although many more soldiers died at Limerick the next year, these deaths were mostly the result of disease. By contrast, almost all the 500 or more soldiers who died at Charlemont were killed in the attempted storm of the fort. Coote bore a great deal of responsibility for the massive casualties he suffered during the siege. Like other Irish Protestant commanders such as Roger Boyle, he had proven himself ruthless on a number of occasions, executing any enemy who fell into his hands. As such, The Ulster Irish defenders were willing to fight to the death.
Felim O'Neill's defence of Charlemont, as well as his overall defence of Ulster in 1649–50, was vigorous, a contrast to his often incompetent handling of the early years of the Irish uprising. Although the terms of surrender allowed O'Neill to leave, he tried to hide in Ulster, and was eventually found and executed.
The fall of the stronghold was another blow for Ormonde's reputation. In September the Irish bishops excommunicated any Catholic serving Ormonde, and he left Ireland in December.
From a Parliamentarian perspective, the fall of Charlemont completed the English conquest of Ulster and left Sir Charles Coote free to advance on Athlone, the passage to the province of Connacht.

</doc>
<doc id="19631076" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19631076" title="Lake Erie Crushers">
Lake Erie Crushers

The Lake Erie Crushers are a professional baseball team based in Avon, Ohio. It is a member of the independent Frontier League, which is not affiliated with Major League Baseball.
The Crushers won the Frontier League Championship in their inaugural season. They defeated the River City Rascals three games to two after losing the first two games of the series.
History.
Avon Professional Baseball unveiled the name and logo on Thursday, December 4, 2008, of the Frontier League team that will begin play in Avon. The name was chosen from entries submitted in a "Name the Team" contest sponsored by The Morning Journal. The owner of the team, Steven Edelson, said more than 800 team name ideas were submitted.
After years of talk, Frontier League officials decided to put a team in Lorain County. After initially hinting it would be in Lorain, they decided to go with Avon because, rumor was they were not happy with the stadium Lorain was offering them, which is now known as The Pipe Yard.
The "Name the Team" contest was launched in October, and the hundreds of entries were whittled down. Fans then voted on finalist selections, choosing from Ohio, Lorain County, Avon, Cleveland or Lake Erie for the team location name and the Groove, Ironmen, Red Tails, Artichokes, Crushers, Walleyes, and Woollies for the team name.
Edelson said any of the runner-up names could have been selected, but the team wanted a name that represented the area. The name recognized the vineyards in Lorain County and crushing grapes to make wine. Edelson said that the Crushers name also alluded to the industrial nature of the area. The mayor of Avon, Jim Smith, said the name is perfect because grapes and wine are an important part of this area's history. Several wineries remain active in the area, he added.
"Lake Erie Crushers is just about as good a name as you can possibly get", the mayor said.
2011 All-Star Game.
On July 13, 2011, the Lake Erie Crushers and All Pro Freight Stadium hosted the 2011 Frontier League All-Star Game. A total of eight Crushers were voted into the game by the Frontier League's managers, coaches, media, and front offices. There have been five fielders and three pitchers to play in the game for the Crushers with third baseman Andrew Davis being the only repeat All-Star.
Staff.
The Lake Erie Crushers are managed by John Massarelli, who is entering his third season with the Crushers. In 2009, he successfully led his squad to a 57-38 regular season record and ultimately, the Frontier League Championship. The 2010 season saw Lake Erie fall just five games short of the playoffs as the Crushers went 50-46 making the team's all-time record 107-84. Dave Schaub, Chris Steinborn and Curt Ickes each rejoin the Crushers for the 2011 season as well. New to the staff is Matt Yonkof, a Lorain County native. Matt will be the Crushers athletic trainer.
Stadium.
The Crushers play at All Pro Freight Stadium in Avon, Ohio, which has been their home since their inception in 2009. The stadium, built and owned by the City of Avon, has a capacity of 5,000, including 3,000 box seats, 11 private suites, four-person terrace tables, berm seating and picnic and patio areas for group outings. The playing surface is artificial turf, and includes concession stands, a gift shop and a state-of-the-art sound system.

</doc>
<doc id="19631078" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19631078" title="Ornithological Society of the Middle East">
Ornithological Society of the Middle East

The Ornithological Society of the Middle East (OSME) is a British-based ornithological and birdwatching club for people interested in the birds of the Middle East, the Caucasus and Central Asia. It was established in April 1978 as a successor organisation to the Ornithological Society of Turkey, and in 2001 was expanded to cover central Asia and the Caucasus.
Its aims are, with regard to its area of interest, to collect, collate and publish ornithological data, encourage an interest in and conservation of the birds of the region, and to assist regional environmental and conservation organisations and natural history societies with ornithological studies and activities.
Publications.
OSME publishes the journal "Sandgrouse".
Member countries.
The following territories of the Middle East are where OSME are active:

</doc>
<doc id="19631080" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19631080" title="University of Oran">
University of Oran

University of Oran (, ), or Es Sénia University (Arabic:), is a university located in western Algeria in the wilaya of Oran. It was established in November 1961 as part of the University of Algiers. On April 13, 1965 was made a separate campus, and on December 20, 1967 it became an independent University. It was the first university established after the independence of Algeria.
Oran University is one of the most important and largest universities in Algeria. It annually graduates thousands of students in all disciplines from all over Algeria and other Arab and foreign countries. The university also provides scientific and pedagogical supervision to many other universities and university centers in western Algeria.
Library.
The library holds 200,000 volumes.

</doc>
<doc id="19631097" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19631097" title="Emergency medical dispatcher">
Emergency medical dispatcher

An Emergency medical dispatcher is a professional telecommunicator, tasked with the gathering of information related to medical emergencies, the provision of assistance and instructions by voice, prior to the arrival of Emergency Medical Services, and the dispatching and support of EMS resources responding to an emergency call. The term Emergency Medical Dispatcher is also a certification level and a professional designation, certified through the Association of Public-Safety Communications Officials-International (APCO), the National Academies of Emergency Dispatch, and PowerPhone, Inc. Many dispatchers, whether certified or not, will dispatch using a standard Emergency Medical Dispatch protocol.
History.
A dispatch function of sorts has always been a feature of both emergency medical service and its predecessor, ambulance service. The information processing, if only to identify the problem and the location of the patient, has always been a logical part of the process of call completion. Prior to the professionalization of emergency medical services, this step in the process was often informal; the caller would simply call the local ambulance service, the telephone call would be answered (in many cases by the ambulance attendant who would be responding to the call), the location and problem information would be gathered, and an ambulance assigned to complete the detail. The ambulance would then complete the call, return to the station, and wait for the next telephone call. Although earlier experiments with the use of radio communication in ambulances did occur, it was not until the 1950s that the use of radio dispatch became widespread in the U.S. and Canada. Indeed, during the 1950s the presence of radio dispatch was often treated as a marketing inducement, and was prominently displayed on the sides of ambulances, along with other technological advances, such as carrying oxygen. Dispatch methodology was often determined by the business arrangements of the ambulance company. If the ambulance were under contract to the town, it might be dispatched as an 'add-on' to the fire department or police department resources. In some cases, it might be under contract to the local hospital, and dispatched from there. In many cases, small independent ambulance companies were simply dispatched by a family member or employee, employed part-time in many cases. Ambulance dispatchers required little in the way of qualifications, apart from good telephone manners and a knowledge of the local geography.
In a parallel evolution, the development of 9-1-1 as a national emergency number began, not in the United States, but in Winnipeg, Manitoba, Canada, in 1959. The concept of a single answering point for emergency calls to public safety agencies caught on quickly. In the United States, the decision was made to utilize the Canadian number, for reasons of ease of memory (4-1-1 and 6-1-1 were already in use), and ease of dialing. In 1967, the number was established as the national emergency number for the United States, although by 2008, coverage of the service was still not complete, and about 4 percent of the United States did not have 9-1-1 service. Calling this single number provided caller access to police, fire and ambulance services, through what would become known as a common Public-safety answering point (PSAP). The technology would also continue to evolve, resulting in Enhanced 9-1-1 including the ability to 'lock' telephone lines on emergency calls, preventing accidental disconnection, and Automatic Number Identification/Automatic Location Identification (ANI/ALI), which permits the dispatcher to verify the number originating the call (screening out potential false alarms), and identifying the location of the call, against the possibility of the caller becoming disconnected or unconscious.
As the skill set of those in the ambulance increased, so did the importance of information. Ambulance service moved from 'first come...first served' or giving priority to whoever sounded the most panicked, to trying to figure out what was actually happening, and the assignment of resources by priority of need. This occurred slowly at first, with local initiatives and full-time ambulance dispatchers making best guesses. Priority codes developed for ambulance dispatch, and became commonplace, although they have never been fully standardized. As it became possible for those in the ambulance to actually save lives, the process of sending the closest appropriate resource to the person in the greatest need became very important. Dispatchers needed tools to help them make the correct decisions, and a number of products initially competed to provide that decision-support.
1970s onward.
One of the first known examples of call triage occurring in the dispatch centre occurred in 1975, when the Phoenix, Arizona Fire Department assigned some of its paramedics to their dispatch centre in order to interview callers and prioritize calls. The following year, Dr. Jeff Clawson, a physician employed by the Salt Lake City Fire Department as its Medical Director, developed a series of key questions, pre-arrival instructions, and dispatch priorities to be used in the processing of EMS calls. These ultimately evolved into the Medical Priority Dispatch System (MPDS), APCO (EMD) and PowerPhone's Total Response Computer aided call handling (CACH) system. Such systems were initially technologically quite primitive; in the mid-1970s the use of computers in dispatching was extremely uncommon, and those that used them were dealing with very large mainframe computers. Most such systems were based on either reference cards or simple flip charts, and have been described by lay people on more than one occasion as being like a "recipe file" for ambulance dispatchers. The development of pre-arrival instructions presented an entirely new challenge for those involved in emergency medical dispatch; it might take eight or more minutes for paramedics to arrive at the patient's side, but dispatchers could be there in seconds. Physicians began to see a dramatic new potential for the saving of lives by means of simple scripted telephone instructions from the dispatcher, and the concept of Dispatch Life Support was born. Suddenly dispatchers were providing complex information and instructions to callers, and even providing guidance on performing procedures such as cardiopulmonary resuscitation (CPR) by telephone. The concept became an area of medical research, and even EMS Medical Directors debated on the best approach to such services.
As technology, and particularly computer technology, evolved, the dispatching of EMS resources took on an entirely new dimension, and required completely new skill sets. The process of dispatching was supported by computers, and moved in many locales to a 'paperless' system that required above average computer skills. Computer-assisted dispatch (CAD) systems not only permitted the dispatcher to record the call information, but also automated the call triage process, allowing EMD systems to become algorithm-based decision support tools. Technologies once available only to the military, such as satellite-based Automatic Vehicle Location allowed CAD systems to constantly monitor the location and status of response resources, making response resource assignment recommendations to human dispatchers, allowing human dispatchers to watch the physical movement of their resources across a computerized map, and creating a permanent record of the call for future use.
Emergency medical dispatchers and prioritized dispatching have become a critical and demanding part of EMS service delivery. The PSAP and, in effect the EMD, become the functional link between the public and allocation of emergency resources, including police, fire and EMS. As the system has evolved and become professionalized, control of the Advanced Medical Priority Dispatch System (MPDS), originally developed by Dr. Jeff Clawson, has been turned over to Medical Priority Consultants, Inc. (now known as Priority Dispatch Corporation), while APCO and PowerPhone developed separate systems. The National Academy of Emergency Medical Dispatchers was subsequently established by Dr. Clawson as a non-profit advisory organization to develop products and services provided by PDC. A formal process for the development of emergency medical dispatch protocols and guidelines continues to be developed by National Institutes of Health; the National Association of Emergency Medical Services Physicians (NAEMSP), a professional association of EMS medical directors; and the National Association of State Emergency Medical Services Directors (NASEMSD).
Role.
In most modern EMS systems, the Emergency Medical Dispatcher will fill a number of critical functions. The first of these is the identification of basic call information, including the location and telephone number of the caller, the location of the patient, the general nature of the problem, and any special circumstances. In most EMS systems, the telephone remains almost a singular point of access for those needing assistance. 
There are general exceptions to this rule. Most of them still involve 9-1-1 calls, but using new alerting mechanisms upstream from the 9-1-1 call. While these new applications are not directly monitored by the EMD, the EMD nevertheless remains the primary point of contact into the dispatch system. The three most common new applications are:
The next area of responsibility involves the triage of incoming calls, providing expert systematized caller interrogation, using the script provided by the Emergency Medical Dispatch system, in order to determine the likely severity of the patient's illness or injury, so that the most appropriate type of response resource may be expedited. All calls are prioritized by medical symptom/condition acuity. This process may be further complicated by panic-stricken callers who scream, cry, or make unreasonable demands. The trained EMD uses interpersonal and crisis management skills to sort through these distractions, taking control of the conversation, calming the caller, and extracting the necessary information. This inquiry begins with the obvious questions regarding whether the patient is conscious or breathing. The questioning will continue until the EMD is able to qualify a potentially life-threatening condition, at which time the closest appropriate response resource (such as a paramedic-staffed ambulance service) is notified to initiate pinpointing the call location. When this occurs, the EMD will continue the questioning, attempting to gather additional relevant information, useful to determine response speed, the type of resources dispathed, or the type of equipment that the paramedics will bring to the site when they arrive. In most cases, this 'pre-alert' function will not be required, and the resource will simply be dispatched when all of the required information has been gathered. Ultimately, the decision on how to proceed, or when to interrupt the established process, requires the judgment of the EMD handling the call. Otherwise, the manner in which this questioning proceeds is often governed by protocols, or by decision-support software. 
The third function is the selection and assignment of the most appropriate type of response resource, such as an ambulance, from the closest or the most appropriate location, depending on the nature of the problem, and ensuring that the crew of the response resource receive all of the appropriate information. The EMD is responsible for the management and work assignment (physicians and supervisors provide work direction) for all of the response resources in the EMS system. In many cases, the EMD is responsible for multiple response resources simultaneously, and these may include ALS, BLS, or some mix of skills, ambulances, 'fly-cars', and other types of resources. In a quiet, rural setting, such resources may be at a fixed point, in quarters, most of the time, while in other cases, such as urban settings, all or many of the resources may be mobile. It is not uncommon, in a large urban centre, for an EMD to manage and direct as many as 20 response resources simultaneously. It is the job of the EMD to analyze the information and ensure that it leads to the right resource being sent to the patient in the shortest appropriate time. This requires a constant level of awareness of the location and status of each resource, so that the closest available and appropriate resource may be sent to each call. Particularly in larger, urban settings, the mental demands and stress level may be comparable to those of an air traffic controller, and 'burn-out' rates may be quite high. This has been eased somewhat in recent years through the use of Automatic Vehicle Locating (AVL), permitting the EMD to monitor the location and status of all assigned resources using a computer screen instead of by memory.
The EMDs next priority is to provide and assist the layperson/caller with pre-arrival instructions to help the victim, using standardized protocols developed in co-operation with local medical directors. Such instructions may consist of simple advice to keep the patient calm and comfortable or to gather additional background information for responding paramedics. The instructions can also frequently become more complex, providing directions over the telephone for an untrained person to perform CPR, for example. Examples of EMDs guiding family members through assisting a loved one with the process of childbirth prior to the arrival of the ambulance are also quite common. The challenge for the EMD is often the knowledge level of the caller. In some cases, the caller may have prior first-aid and/or CPR training, but it is often just as likely that the caller has no prior training or experience at all. This process may still consist of a symptom-based flip-card system, but is increasing automated into the CAD software. 
The EMD is generally also responsible for providing information support to the responding resources. This may include callbacks to the call originator to clarify information. It may involve clarifying the exact location of the patient, or sending a bystander to meet the ambulance and direct paramedics to the patient. It may also include requests from the EMS crew to provide support resources, such as additional ambulances, rescue equipment, or a helicopter. The EMD also plays a key role in the safety of EMS staff. They are the first with the opportunity to assess the situation that the crew is responding to, will maintain contact on the scene in order to monitor crew safety, and are frequently responsible for requesting emergency police response to 'back up' paramedics when they encounter a violent situation. EMDs are often responsible for monitoring the status of local hospitals, advising paramedics on which hospitals are accepting ambulance patients, and which are on 're-direct' or 'divert'. In many cases, the EMD may be responsible for notifying the hospital of incoming patients on behalf of the response resource crew. Paramedics who are working on patients or driving an ambulance are rarely able to make a detailed telephone call. As a result, the EMD will relay any advance notification regarding patient situation or status, once in transit.
Finally, the EMD ensures that the information regarding each call is collected in a consistent manner, for both legal and quality assurance purposes. In most jurisdictions, all EMS records, including both patient care and dispatch records, and also recordings of dispatch radio and telephone conversations, are considered to be legal documents. Dispatch records are often a subject of interest in legal proceedings, particularly with respect to initial information obtained, statements made by the caller, and response times for resources. Any or all may be demanded by a criminal court or civil court, a public inquiry, or a Coroner's Inquest, and may have to be produced as evidence. It is not uncommon in some jurisdictions for EMDs to be summoned to court, in order to provide evidence regarding their activities. As a result, there is frequently a legal requirement for the long-term storage of such information, and the specific requirements are likely to vary by both country and jurisdiction. Additionally, medical directors will frequently rely on information provided by EMDs for the purpose of medical quality assurance for paramedics; in particular analyzing conversations between paramedics and dispatchers or physicians, analyzing the paramedic's actions and judgments in the light of the information that they were provided with. As a direct result of these two factors, there is a requirement for all call information to be collected and stored in a regular, consistent, and professional manner, and this too, will often fall to the EMD, at least in the initial stages. 
Work locations.
The overwhelming majority of EMDs will perform their work in an EMS dispatch centre. Occasionally this may involve some 'site work', such as on-site dispatching for large special events, but this is somewhat rare. EMS dispatching may be a single, independent process, or it may be a mixed function with one or more of the other emergency services. In some smaller jurisdictions, the EMS, fire and police dispatch functions, and even the 9-1-1 system may be physically co-located, but with different specialist staff performing each function. Such decisions are frequently made based on the sizes of the services involved, and their call volumes. While some jurisdictions are required, generally through economics or size, to provide a single public safety dispatch system, the three emergency services have requirements and procedures that are sufficiently different that wherever possible, independent dispatching is preferred. Even in truly large, mixed (fire and EMS) services, such as the New York City Fire Department, the functions and requirements are seen as sufficiently different that an independent dispatch function is maintained for each. The emergency services in question all have their own priorities, and while they are extremely important to each, those priorities often simply conflict too greatly to allow reasonable joint dispatch functions. To illustrate, in a scenario with a single dispatcher for both fire and EMS: the truck officer on a fire apparatus is requesting additional resources for a working fire with a possibility of trapped people, and two paramedics are attempting to resuscitate a dying child, but require medical direction, which request gets priority? Another important consideration is workload; in many jurisdictions the call volume of the EMS system is 5-6 times as great as that of the Fire Department. Asking fire service dispatchers to also dispatch EMS resources, or vice versa, may exceed the capabilities of the dispatchers. Even when joint dispatching is pursued by a community, the various types of dispatch functions to support EMS, fire and police are so different that the dispatchers involved will require separate training and certification in each.
Increasingly, such public safety dispatch locations are becoming community owned and operated resources. As such, they tend to be co-located with other emergency service resources, as in a headquarters-type complex. Such environments must strike a 'balance' between the high-tech requirements of the work, including large numbers of computers, telephone lines, and radios, and the psychological needs of the human beings operating them. The environment is frequently both high-performance and high-stress, and every measure must be taken to ensure as little ambient stress in the environment as possible. Such issues are often the subject of careful design and also ergonomics. Environmental colour choices, the reduction of ambient noise (and therefore stress) and the physical design of the seating and consoles used by the EMD are all intended to reduce stress levels. Supervisory staff also typically monitor staff carefully, particularly in high-performance environments, ensuring that rest and meal breaks are taken, and occasionally providing a 'time out' after a particularly difficult call. Despite all of these measures, occupational stress is a significant factor for many EMDs, and the 'burnout' rate for those in these positions tends to be higher than other occupations.
The role and certification of Emergency Medical Dispatcher has its origins in the United States but is gradually gaining acceptance in many other countries. The position and credential are in widespread use in Canada and the U.K.. The acceptance and use of this position and credential are growing in the European Union, in Australia, and elsewhere. In many respects, the development of this position is a logical sequel to the incorporation of the Emergency medical dispatch system by EMS. Together, NAED and PDC often present themselves as the de facto standard in EMD systems. However, the continued recognition given to alternative providers suggests that this approach is not universally accepted. And not all EMS dispatch worldwide is conducted by EMDs. In some jurisdictions using the Franco-German model of EMS service delivery (SAMU in France, for example), a call for a medical emergency will not be processed by an EMD, but generally by a physician, who will decide whether or not an ambulance will even be sent.
Training.
Training for EMDs is required to meet a National Standard Curriculum, as outlined by the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration of the U.S. government. This training program may be offered by private companies, by community colleges, or by some large EMS systems which are self-dispatching. The minimum length of such training is 32 classroom hours, covering such topics as EMD Roles and Responsibilities, Legal and Liability Issues in EMD, National and State Standards for EMD, Resource Allocation, Layout and Structure of EMD Guidecards, Obtaining Information from Callers, Anatomy and Physiology, Chief Complaint Types, Quality Assurance & Recertification and Stress Management. Certification in CPR is not mandatory, but upon completion of the training, students are required to sit a certification examination. Upon completion of the training and certification, Emergency Medical Dispatchers are required to complete 24 hours of Continuing Dispatch Education every two years, in order to maintain certification. This level of training and certification only satisfies the national curriculum, and in most cases, additional training will be required. Additional training will have a local focus, and will deal with local geographical knowledge, dispatch procedures, local laws and service policy. Additional training may be required to orient new emergency medical dispatchers to different forms of 9-1-1 telecommunication (if this will be a part of their job function). This may also include (depending on the jurisdiction) EFD (Emergency Fire Dispatching), EPD (Emergency Police Dispatching), ETC (emergency telecommunication), ECE (Executive Certification Course), CMC (Communication Center Manager), when such services are jointly operated. Similar courses are also generally available in Law Enforcement Dispatch (LED), Fire Service Dispatch (FSD), and Public Safety Dispatch (PSD), designed for those working in a multi-agency 9-1-1 call center that handles police, fire and EMS dispatching.
Additional local training is likely to be required for the actual skill of dispatching. This may involve extensive 'drilling' on local geography, for example. Large dispatch centres also tend to train staff in a graduated manner. Some of the more sophisticated EMS systems might actually have a teaching 'lab' complete with dispatch consoles, where the trainees can practice dealing with simulated calls, using exactly the same technologies that would be present in a real call centre. In other cases, or in addition to this 'lab' work in many cases, a graduated process of introduction and mentoring is used to develop an EMD. This generally involves supervised introduction of tasks, from the lowest priority and least stressful, to the highest priority and most stressful. A typical pattern might begin with the candidate performing call reception, then progressing to the actual dispatching of non-emergency transfers, dispatching emergency calls during periods of low volume, dispatching emergency calls at periods of high volume, and so on. In high performance systems, the path to being left alone to run an emergency dispatch console during high volume periods may take months to travel. Some EMS dispatch centres also have designated Communications Training Officers, who are the only people permitted to train or mentor new EMD candidates.
Following the murder of Denise Amber Lee in 2008, new laws are being considered in the State of Florida regarding the training of all public safety telecommunicators including EMDs. One of the 9-1-1 calls relating to her abduction was allegedly mishandled.
Career paths in English Speaking Countries.
EMDs come to their jobs from a variety of backgrounds. These might involve no prior experience at all, but are more likely to involve some other previous form of dispatching experience (taxis and tow trucks are common). In some cases, prior dispatch experience might involve one of the other emergency services. In some cases, although not a great many, trained paramedics may become EMDs. This may happen as the result of a work-related injury resulting in disability, or it may simply be that a paramedic completes training and then finds that field work is not to their taste, or that they lack the ability to perform the physical aspects of being a paramedic (e.g. heavy lifting) without fear of injury. There is some debate, particularly between paramedics and EMDs, as to whether prior training as a paramedic actually constitutes an advantage or an unnecessary distraction from the EMD job function. Valid perspectives exist on both sides of the debate.
In large EMS systems, EMDs may follow a progressive career path. Actual dispatching may lead to training positions, and from there to supervisory or even managerial positions within the dispatch centre. EMDs may move from smaller systems to larger systems, just as paramedics sometimes do, in search of advancement opportunities, or economic improvements. In some cases, EMDs may choose to retrain and move to fire dispatch (EFD), to police dispatch (EPD), or to the 9-1-1 call centre. The inequities in the sheer amount of training required for certification make advancement of EMDs to paramedic status an extremely infrequent event. The required additional training, depending on the jurisdiction, might take two years or more, part-time, in addition to regular full-time employment, putting this option beyond the reach of all but the most determined. Typically, EMDs who are also certified paramedics tend to have been paramedics first.
French SAMU Professional Medical Regulation Assistants.
In France there is a SAMU where in each capital town hospital there is the Regulator Medical Center of the French county (Département) EMS. This central hub "regulates" all the Emergency care resources of the area from Firefighters and First Aid EMT vehicles to Hospital Medicalized ground or helicoptered MICUs, but also Hospital Emergency Wards, Intensive care Units, GP and Private basic Ambulances on call. This is more than anglosaxon EMS and could be called IEMS (Integrated Emergency Medical System). The Medical Doctor Regulator has a team of assistants called PARM and recently defined by French Public Health Ministry as medical care paraprofessionals .

</doc>
<doc id="19631098" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19631098" title="Thiyagarajar College of Engineering">
Thiyagarajar College of Engineering

Thiagarajar College of Engineering (TCE), Madurai, is an ISO 9001:2000 certified institution affiliated to Anna University, Chennai. It is one among the several educational and philanthropic institutions founded by Philanthropist and Industrialist Late. Shri. Karumuttu Thiagarajan Chettiar. Established in the year 1957, TCE is funded by Central, State Governments and the Management. The courses offered in TCE are approved by All India Council for Technical Education, New Delhi. It was granted Autonomy in the year 1987 and has since been accredited by National Board of Accreditation. The institution offers the prestigious Masters in Industrial Engineering among others.
Location.
The institution is located near Tirupparamkunram in outskirts of Madurai. The campus is located on a sprawling area surrounded by hillocks and farm lands.
Academic programs.
TCE offers Under Graduate Programs, and Post Graduate Programs in Engineering and Science.
Engineering and Technology
Architecture
Science
The College also had Mechatronics Engineering, and Electronics & Instrumentation Engineering departments till the year 2008.
Patent(s).
Department of Chemistry, Thiagarajar College of Engineering has developed and patented the "Plastic Tar Road Technology".
Visits by Eminent Personalities.
Dr.A. P. J. Abdul Kalam visited the college in connection with the Golden Jubilee Celebrations of the college and gave the Golden Jubilee Lecture of Eminence on 20 January 2008.
Dr. Eric A. Cornell - Nobel Laureate in Physics visited the college in September 2009 and delivered Honeywell - Nobel Laureate Lecture Series at TCE during 23rd and 24th. September, 2009.
See also.
Thiagarajar School of Management
References.
There is a proposal to merge the college with Thiagarajar College to form Thiagarajar University.

</doc>
<doc id="19631099" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19631099" title="Ranks in the Scout Association of Japan">
Ranks in the Scout Association of Japan

The advancement program for members of the Scout Association of Japan is symbolized by the earning of several rank badges.
Rank insignia.
Beaver and Cub Scouts.
Beaver Scouting is the youngest section of Scouting with members younger than Cub Scouts, aged five to eight. The program is based on the Scouts Canada concept of co-operating and sharing. Members normally wear a brown vest as a uniform with a blue Beaver cap. The program is based around a specially written story called "Friends of the Forest". Badges are elongate light blue ovals with turquoise or vermilion borders, based on their Canadian counterparts.
All Cub Scouts first work on their Squirrel badge to complete the Cub Scout joining requirements, which include knowing the Cub Scout motto and salute. The Squirrel badge is dark blue ringed in gold, with a button loop. Once the Squirrel badge requirements have been completed, the Cub Scout will continue with the age appropriate program. The next three ranks are diamond-shaped red badges based upon the Boy Scouts of America Cub system from the 1940s through 1972. Rabbit Cub Scouts (second grade) work toward the Rabbit badge. Deer Cub Scouts (third grade) work toward the Deer badge. Initially, Bear work toward the Bear Badge. After earning the Bear badge, Scouts work toward earning activity badges. Finally, Bear Cub Scouts work toward the Arrow of Light. The Arrow of Light award is the highest award available to Cub Scouts. It requires the Scout to have earned the Bear Scout badge and eight activity badges. In addition to the skill and activity requirements of the preceding ranks, the Arrow of Light requires Scouts to learn the Scout Promise and Scout Law, in preparation for advancing to the Scout level. Earning the Arrow of Light will help earn many of the requirements for the lower ranks of the Scout level. Cub Scouts wear the badge above the left pocket.
The ranks are:
Scouts.
The rank program uses a series of medals and patches as emblems. The left-pocket badge shape and coloration is based on the rank badges used by the Boy Scouts of America between 1972 and 1990. The badge for the Apprentice or Scout rank consists of a simple fleur-de-lis, which symbolizes a compass needle. The needle points the Scout in the right direction, which is onward and upward. This is the only badge to have a button loop, to emphasize its temporary status and that a Scout should soon move on to Tenderfoot. The next two ranks show the rank highlighted with the rest of the emblem subdued into the background. The Tenderfoot badge takes the fleur-de-lis of the Scout badge and incorporates the sacred mirror Yata no Kagami, which represents wisdom and honesty. The stars symbolize truth and knowledge. The Second Class badge features a scroll inscribed with the Scout Motto, with the ends turned up and a knotted rope hanging from the bottom. The knot reminds each Scout to remember the Scout slogan, Do a Good Turn Daily, and the upturned ends of the scroll symbolize cheerfulness in service. The First Class badge combines the elements of the Tenderfoot and Second Class badges. The First Class badge is essentially the same as the emblem of the SAJ. Chrysanthemum has a First Class symbol on a stylized white chrysanthemum, the symbol of the Japanese Royal Family. Fuji Scout was originally the ultimate rank at the Scout level, and thus of Japanese Scouting itself, prior to the creation of Venture Scouting. Now it is the highest level in Venturing, still the highest youth rank overall.
The rank insignia predate World War II, but the symbolism at that time included each of the Three Sacred Treasures of Japan, with the left and right petals of the fleur-de-lis symbolizing the sacred jewel Yasakani no Magatama, and the central petal symbolizing the sacred sword Kusanagi-no-Tsurugi. The current design postdates World War II, and the current design of the rank badges dates from the 1980s.
The ranks are:
Venture Scouts.
A Venture Second Class Award may be earned for each of several categories. After earning the Venture Second Class Award and meeting tenure, leadership, personal growth, and other requirements, or having previously reached the Chrysanthemum rank, the Venturer may earn the Venture First Class Award. To earn the Peregrine Falcon Award, the Venturer must earn the Venture First Class Award. Venturers may also earn expert awards that build on one of the focus areas of the Venture Second Class Awards.
The ranks are:
Fuji Scout.
The Fuji Scout is the highest rank and award a Venture Scout can achieve in the Scout Association of Japan. Named for Mount Fuji, the iconic symbol of Japan, it was formerly the highest rank in the Scout section prior to the creation of Venture Scouts. A Scout who attains this rank is also called a "Fuji Scout" or "Fuji". This award has an earn rate of .5%, or 1 in 200 Scouts who stay with the program, as with the BSA, but since membership numbers are only about 3% of the BSA, issuance of the Fuji Scout is much rarer. Since its introduction, the Fuji Scout rank has been earned by less than 3000 Scouts. Venture members under the age of 18 may earn the Fuji Scout Award if they earned at least First Class rank in a Scout group.
Rover Scouts.
Rovering is the college-age program of the Scout Association of Japan. Usually a distinctive group emblem or the university logo is worn on the right sleeve or as a neckerchief pattern. The level itself is signified by a golden hat brush on a deep sky blue background, encircled by a rope annulus, symbolic of the World Scout Emblem.

</doc>
<doc id="19631126" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19631126" title="Sunbury Asylum">
Sunbury Asylum

Sunbury Lunatic Asylum first opened in October 1879. Its proclamation as an Asylum was published in the Government Gazette on 31 October 1879.
Prior to being opened as an Asylum Sunbury was controlled by the Department of Industrial and Reformatory Schools (VA 1466). When Sunbury was acquired by the Hospitals for the Insane Branch (VA 2863) patients were transferred from the Ballarat Asylum (VA 2844) and the Ballarat Asylum was handed over to the Department of Industrial and Reformatory Schools. Patients were also transferred from Yarra Bend Asylum (VA 2839).
Since its establishment the title of the institution at Sunbury has been altered several times to reflect both the community's changing attitude towards mental illness and the Victorian Government's approach to the treatment of mentally disturbed persons. Despite the changes in designation the function and structure of the agency has not altered significantly, therefore the institution has been registered as one continuous agency. From its establishment until 1905 the institution at Sunbury was known as an Asylum. This title emphasised its function as a place of detention rather than a hospital which provided treatment for mentally ill people who could be cured. The Lunacy Act 1903 (No.1873) of changed the title of all "asylums" to "hospitals for the insane". This Act came into operation in March 1905. The Mental Hygiene Act 1933 (No.4157) altered the title to "mental hospitals".
An asylum/hospital for the insane etc. was any public building proclaimed by the Governor-in-Council and published in the Government Gazette as a place for the reception of mentally ill persons. An asylum could also provide wards for the temporary reception of patients as well as long term patients. Up until the Mental Health Act 1959 became operative in 1962 these "short-term" wards were known as "receiving houses" or "receiving wards". The Mental Health Act 1959 (No.6605) designated hospitals providing short-term diagnosis and accommodation as "psychiatric hospitals". However throughout its life Sunbury has been used almost exclusively for long-term patients.
Patients could not be retained in an Asylum without a warrant requesting their admission. Prior to 1867 the warrant was signed by the Governor. After this date the Chief Secretary (VRG 26) was responsible for this function. From 1934 the Director of Mental Hygiene (VA 2866) and from 1952 the Chief Medical Officer of the Mental Hygiene Branch (VA 2866) were successively responsible for admission of patients. The Lunacy Act 1914 (No.2539) made provision for the admission of patients on a voluntary basis, i.e. on a patient's own request for a specified period of time.
In 1962 under the provisions of the Mental Health Act 1959 (No.6605) Sunbury was proclaimed in the Government Gazette as a Mental Hospital and a Training Centre as it was responsible for mentally disturbed and mentally retarded patients. In 1985 responsibility for Sunbury was passed from the Mental Health Division (VA 6961) of the Department of Health II (VA 2695) to the Office of Intellectual Disability Services (VA 2909), a division of the Department of Community Services (VA 2633). It was used for a period thereafter as a training centre to accommodate intellectually handicapped persons.
Victoria University purchased the site in 1999 and operated it as a university campus for several years; it closed the campus in 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="19631130" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19631130" title="OSME">
OSME

OSME May Refer To.

</doc>
<doc id="19631143" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19631143" title="Raoul Pugno">
Raoul Pugno

Stéphane Raoul Pugno (23 June 1852) was a French composer, teacher, organist, and pianist known for his playing of Mozart's works.
Biography.
Raoul Pugno was born in Paris. He made his debut at the age of six, and with the help of Prince Poniatowski he was then able to study at the École Niedermeyer. He then went to the Paris Conservatoire at age 14, where he shone. He won First Prize in Piano in 1866 (his teacher being Georges Mathias, a pupil of Frédéric Chopin), First Prize in Harmony and First Medal for solfege in 1867 (his composition teacher being Ambroise Thomas), and First Prize in Organ in 1869 (his teacher was François Benoist). He was appointed Director of Music at the Opéra by the Paris Commune of March–May 1871. At the grand re-opening of the Opéra, two of his works were performed.
He was organist at the Church of Saint-Eugène 1872-92, chorus master at the Theatre Ventador in 1874, and Professor of Harmony at the Conservatoire 1892-96 and Professor of Piano 1896-1901.
He remained a pedagogue until 1893, when he was over 40. One of his notable pupils was Léo-Pol Morin. He then decided to resume his career as a concert pianist, commencing with the Piano Concerto in A minor by Edvard Grieg. At a performance of Richard Wagner's "Das Rheingold" in 1893, Pugno and Claude Debussy provided an accompaniment on two pianos. He had a brilliant career, travelling throughout Europe and to the United States, where American composer Marion Bauer acted as guide and translator for Pugno and his family.
His specialty was the solo piano works and piano concertos of Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart. Pugno was also a fine interpreter of the piano works of Chopin and César Franck. He was also renowned for his appearances with the violinist Eugène Ysaÿe, with whom he worked from 1896, giving performances of works by Gabriel Fauré, Camille Saint-Saëns, and Ernest Chausson. The duo also gave the premiere performances of violin sonatas by Albéric Magnard and Louis Vierne. He also appeared with the violinist Leopold Auer.
He spent his summers at his home in Gargenville where he taught and entertained, often playing concertos and works for two pianos with Saint-Saëns and the young Nadia Boulanger. He died in 1914 in Moscow, while on a concert tour of Russia. His compositions are forgotten now, but his legacy lives on through his students.
Selected works.
Recordings.
Pugno was the first internationally renowned pianist to make recordings. In 1903 he recorded pieces by George Frideric Handel, Domenico Scarlatti and Chopin and one of his own compositions, an "Impromptu Valse". In a Chopin waltz, Pugno displays his famous "jeu de perle" technique. His other Chopin recordings include the Impromptu in A flat, Op. 29, "Berceuse", Op. 57, Waltz in A flat, Op. 34 No. 1, and the "Marche funèbre" from the Sonata in B flat minor. Pugno's most important recording however, is that of Chopin's Nocturne in F sharp, Op. 15, No. 2, in which he plays the piece noticeably slower than the norm, a practice bequeathed to him by his teacher Georges Mathias, himself a student of Chopin. His most extended recording is that of Franz Liszt's Hungarian Rhapsody No. 11. It is impetuous and exciting, and has Pugno pushing himself to the extremes of his abilities without any loss of control.

</doc>
<doc id="19631151" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19631151" title="Guru ka Tal">
Guru ka Tal

Guru ka Taal is a historical Sikh pilgrimage place dedicated to the memory of ninth Guru Sri Guru Tegh Bahudar Ji. Guru ka Taal is near Sikandra in Agra. The Gurudwara was built over the place where the Guru Tegh Bahadur laid down his arms to offer arrest to Aurangazeb, the Mughal Emperor. Several devotees gather every year to pay homage to the great Sikh guru in this Gurudwara.
History.
This historic structure dates back to the 17th century. Earlier it was a Taal (reservoir) in the area near Sikandra. It was built in 1610 AD to collect and conserve rainwater in Agra during Jehangir reign. The water of the reservoir was used for irrigation purposes during the dry season. The reservoir was ornamented with stone carvings. This is said to be the place where the Guru Tegh Bahadur laid down his arms to offer arrest to Aurangazeb. The Gurudwara called Guru Ka Taal was built in 1970s due to the contributions and arduous efforts of Sant Baba Sadhu Singhji "Mauni".
Architecture.
There were twelve towers in the Tal, but only eight towers have survived the test of time and have now been retrieved. This red stone structure bears similarity to many other magnificent structures of the Mughals like the Agra Fort, Fatehpur Sikri etc. 

</doc>
<doc id="19631165" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19631165" title="Arrondissements of the Eure department">
Arrondissements of the Eure department

The 3 arrondissements of the Eure department are:

</doc>
<doc id="19631183" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19631183" title="Oscar Aubuchon">
Oscar Aubuchon

Joseph Oscar "Ossie" Aubuchon (January 1, 1917 – September 10, 1970) was a professional ice hockey left winger who played with the Boston Bruins and New York Rangers during two NHL seasons. He was born in Saint-Hyacinthe, Quebec.
Playing career.
Aubuchon began his career with the Montreal Jr. Canadiens in 1934 before moving to Britain. He returned to North America in 1939 and was signed by the Bruins for the 1942–43 NHL season, yet spent most of the season with Providence of the AHL. Nine games into the following season he was traded to the Rangers as a war replacement (had received a medical discharge). He would go on to play with other minor pro teams, as well as the Quebec Senior Hockey League.
Oscar Aubuchon also coached the Drummondville Eagles and they won the Allan Cup in 1967. After his playing days he coached many years for amateur hockey teams in Quebec.

</doc>
<doc id="19631200" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19631200" title="Mathilde Santing">
Mathilde Santing

Mathilde Santing (born Mathilde Eleveld, 24 October 1958) is a Dutch singer .
Santing was born in Amstelveen, The Netherlands. She started receiving national attention in 1981 after she appeared in a Dutch television programme called "Sonja Op Maandag", hosted by Sonja Barend.
Over the last 25 years, she has released a steady stream of albums, making her a fixture in the Dutch music scene.
In the 2006/2007 theatre season she appeared in the role of Glinda in Joop van den Ende's production of the musical "The Wiz".
On 27 April 2007 Mathilde Santing was knighted by Queen Beatrix (Order of Oranje-Nassau).
In November 2012 she collaborated with Todd Rundgren and the Dutch Metropole Orchestra. At the Paradiso venue in Amsterdam Todd Rundgren was backed by three backing vocalists, including Mathilde Santing, with whom he sang a duet that night. During her career, she covered 14 of his songs. 
Discography.
Albums.
The ranks in this table are from the Dutch Album Top 20/50/75/100.
Singles.
The ranks in this table are from the Dutch Top 40.
Singles:

</doc>
<doc id="19631251" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19631251" title="AV Open">
AV Open

AV Open is a major awards contest for the Japanese adult video industry. It has gone from a limited sales contest in 2006 to become, via its successor the AV GrandPrix, the major Japanese AV award with nearly 100 participating companies competing for the 2009 awards.
AV Open Origins.
The AV Open awards for Japanese adult video (AV) companies were conceived as a means to improve public relations and provide a measure of quality for adult videos on a par with the AVN Awards for the US porn industry. It was the result of a collaboration between Tokyo Sports, a leading Japanese tabloid paper, and the large Japanese porn conglomerate Soft On Demand (SOD). Adult video production companies were invited to enter a candidate video in the contest and the video with the most number of sales during a set period would be the winner. The first prize award was 10 million yen (about $100,000), the second place finisher took 5 million yen (about $50,000) and third place was worth 3 million yen (about $30,000). Videos in the contest were specially marked as AV Open entries and could be bought from the official site or at stores throughout Japan. Each contestant was to be given the same amount of space in the store displays.
A second part of the contest, the Challenge Stage, was for the purpose of developing new directorial talent. Multiple videos could be submitted by the companies, but only one per director. Winners were also to be determined by number of sales with a prize of one million yen (about $10,000) for first place, 500,000 yen (about $5,000) for second and 300,000 yen (about $3,000) for placing third. Special awards of 1 million yen each were also to be given for a total prize pool of 25 million yen (about $250,000).
2006 AV Open.
The first AV Open contest was held in 2006 and 16 adult video companies participated in the main contest (IEnergy, Audaz, Aroma Planning, SOD, S1 No. 1 Style, Masaaki Kai, Glay'z, Deep's, Dream Ticket, Natural High, Hibino, Prestige, KMP Million, Moodyz, Real Works and Waap Entertainment). The Challenge Stage drew ten entries from six companies, including V&R Products and HMJM which did not compete for the main award. The entries for the main contest were labeled as OPEN-0601 through OPEN-0616 and the Challenge Stage entries were numbered OPEN-0651 through OPEN-0660. The contest dates were May 1 through June 30 and 627 video stores were involved in the contest. In addition to the main awards and the Challenge Stage awards, special awards were also to be given by celebrity judges, including New York Yankees player Hideki Matsui (who suffered a wrist injury playing baseball and had to withdraw from the contest), comedian Hitoshi Matsumoto, and author Lily Franky.
Results were announced at the awards ceremony held July 11, 2006 with several AV idols, directors, and company heads in attendance.
Winners - 2006 AV Open
Honorary President Lily Franky also awarded special prizes to Real Works for "Special Galactic All-Stars" (責め痴女 ハーレムSPECIAL) with Karen Kisaragi, Riko Tachibana, Hotaru Akane, Noa & Nashigo Tanaka and to SOD for "500 Person Sex" (人類史上初！！超ヤリまくり！イキまくり！５００人ＳＥＸ！！).
Winners - 2006 AV Open Challenge Stage
As Honorary President, Lily Franky also gave another award to "Naked Continent".
2007 AV Open.
Since the 2006 AV Open proved popular and successful a second contest was held in 2007. For the second AV Open competition, 19 video producers submitted entries (IEnergy, Audaz, Aroma Planning, SOD, S1, Crystal-Eizou, Glay'z, Deep's, Natural High, Hibino, V&R Products, Prestige, Maxing, KMP Million, Moodyz, Real Works, Waap Entertainment, Wanz Factory, Kunitachi Farm). Videos were specially labeled "AV Open" and bore numbers OPEN-0701 through OPEN-0719. There were 12 entries in the Challenge Stage including entries from Akebono, Woman, Cross, Dandy & Dream Ticket which did not enter the main contest. Challenge Stage videos were labeled as OPEN-0751 to OPEN-0762. The contest was run from May 3 to June 30, 2007 and this time, more than 1200 stores throughout Japan participated in the contest.
When results were announced the SOD entry "Performer Kotono's First Sexual Experience" (芸能人 琴乃 初・体・験 完全240分 10解禁スペシャル) was the winner by a large margin. But rumors began to spread on the Internet and about a month later it was revealed that SOD had actually purchased a large number of the videos with company funds. The company had spent close to 60 million yen (About $600,000) to buy some 16,000 copies out of the total of 30,000 sold. This violation of the contest rules caused the SOD entry to be disqualified and the second, third and fourth place finishers were all moved up one place. The scandal caused the collapse of the AV Open contest and the official website was closed down.
Final standing were as follows:
Winners - 2007 AV Open
The Lily Franky Honorary President Prizes were given to the S1 and Moodyz entries and also to the Natural High video "World Amsterdam" (アムステルダムハイ) starring Misaki Asou and the Waap Entertainment entry "Deep Lesbian & Hot Semen & Black Fuck" (熱吻ブラック) co-starring Marin and Shiho, and directed by K*WEST.
Winners - 2007 AV Open Challenge Stage
The Lily Franky Honorary President Prize was given to "Anal Splash Thick Lesbian United!"
2008 AV GrandPrix.
The demise of the AV Open contest due to fraud in 2007 deprived the AV industry of a popular and useful means of getting publicity and setting standards. An alternative, the similar AV GrandPrix awards (ＡＶグランプリ2008), was set up for 2008 by an SOD rival company, Hokuto Corporation (whose members include S1 and Moodyz). Winners were selected by a combination of sales volume and user votes. Sales in stores were combined with those from the DMM website. Each AV company picked a single video for entry in the contest which ran from December 1, 2007 to January 31, 2008. As with the AV Open contest, all participant videos were specially labeled and were given ID numbers beginning with AVGP or AVGL. A total of 77 companies competed, 39 in the main contest (GrandPrix Stage) and 38 in the Mania Stage for odd and fetish oriented material. Awards were also given in a number of sub-categories which had a more limited number of entries.
The results were announced on February 21, 2008. The main award "GrandPrix Highest Award", determined by user votes at the DMM website, paid 5 million yen (about $50,000), the two Stage awards, "GrandPrix Highest Stage Award" and "Mania Stage Highest Award" were determined by sales and paid 3 million yen (about $30,000) each while the Distribution Sales Award for online digital delivery paid 1 million yen (about $10,000). The other 12 Stage awards for individual categories paid 1 million yen (about $10,000) each and were determined by user votes. One of these was for packaging, 10 were on particular themes, and there were also awards voted on by the press and by video distributors. In addition, there were twelve special prizes of 500,000 yen (about $5,000) each for a total prize pool of 30 million yen (about $300,000).
--- Winners - 2008 AV Grand Prix Awards ---
GrandPrix Highest Award
GrandPrix Stage Highest Award
Mania Stage Highest Award
Distribution Sales Award
Best Package Design
Best SM Video
Best Featured Actress Video
Best Mature Video
Best Amateur Video
Best Variety Video
Best Miscellaneous Video (AV Cast Memorial Grand Prix)
Best Fetish Video
Best Moe Child Video
Best Lesbian Video
Press Award - (Tie)
Dealer Award
2009 AV GrandPrix.
The 2009 contest ran from November 22, 2008 to February 2009. There were 97 participants competing for 30 million yen ($300,000) in prize money. In addition to the main prizes AV GrandPrix (97 entries) decided by voters at the DMM website, Digital Sales (97 entries), and DVD Sales (97 entries), there were also separate awards for Featured Actress 2009 (14 entries), Violence 2009 (15 entries), Mature Woman 2009 (15 entries), Amateur 2009 (16 entries), Variety 2009 (14 entries), Fetish 2009 (17 entries), and Lovely/Moe 2009 (7 entries) videos. Additionally, there were awards from dealers, news media, for packaging, and from supporters.
Results for the 2009 AV GrandPrix contest were announced February 18, 2009. The main GrandPrix Award determined by sales and user votes at the DMM website, paid 5 million yen (about $50,000). The two main sales awards, Digital Sales and DVD Sales each paid 2 million yen (about $20,000). The Retailers Award (voted on by video stores), the Press Award (voted on by magazine and newspaper editors), the Package Design Award and the Supporters Award paid 1 million yen (about $10,000) each. The Best Video Awards in the categories Featured Actress, Violence, Mature Woman, Amateur, Variety, Fetish and Lovely (all decided by user votes) each paid 1 million yen (about $10,000). There were also twenty runner-up Special Award prizes of 500,000 yen (about $5,000) each in the various Title categories. The total prize money amounted to 30 million yen (about $300,000). The hosts for the 2009 event were former AV star Honoka and mainstream actor Nagare Hagiwara.
--- Winners - 2009 AV Grand Prix Awards ---
GrandPrix Highest Award
Digital Sales Award
DVD Sales Award
Retailers Award
Press Award
Best Package Design
Supporters Award
Best Featured Actress Video
Best Violence Video
Best Mature Woman Video
Best Amateur Video
Best Variety Video
Best Fetish Video
Best Lovely / Moe Video

</doc>
<doc id="19631259" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19631259" title="Alec Monk">
Alec Monk

David Alec George Monk (born 13 December 1942), known as Alec Monk, is a British businessman who is a former chairman and chief executive of the supermarket chain Gateway and former chairman of the brewing company Charles Wells Ltd.
Life.
Monk was educated at Jesus College, Oxford from 1962 to 1965, obtaining a degree in PPE. He was then part of the research staff on corporate finance and taxation at Sheffield University and the London Business School before working for Rio Tinto Zinc, becoming a director in 1974. After being vice-president and director of AEA Investors from 1977, he became chairman and chief executive of Gateway in 1981, remaining in post until 1989. He was a member of the now-defunct National Economic Development Council from 1986 to 1990, and was president of the Institute of Grocery Distribution from 1987 to 1989. Between 1998 and 2003 he was chairman of Charles Wells. He was made an Honorary Fellow of St Hugh's College, Oxford in 1985 and awarded an honorary doctorate by Sheffield University in 1988. In 1999, he was made an Honorary Fellow of Jesus College. He was appointed a Foundation Fellow of New Hall, Cambridge in 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="19631260" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19631260" title="LoneStarCon 1">
LoneStarCon 1

LoneStarCon 1 was the 3rd North American Science Fiction Convention, held in Austin, Texas, on August 30-September 2, 1985, at the Hyatt Regency Austin, Sheraton Crest, and Palmer Auditorium. LoneStarCon 1 was also known as "The First Occasional Lone Star Science Fiction Convention & Chili Cook-off" and "ChiliCon". This NASFiC was held because Melbourne, Australia, was selected as the location for the 1985 Worldcon.
Information.
Site selection.
After Aussiecon Two in Melbourne, Australia, was selected as the World Science Fiction Convention to be held in 1985, the WSFS Business Meeting directed that a written ballot election be held to select a NASFiC site for that year. In a three-way race, Austin (393 votes) easily bested Detroit, Michigan (132 votes) and Columbus, Ohio (69 votes) as well as a single write-in vote for Highmore, South Dakota.

</doc>
<doc id="19631265" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19631265" title="2008 Kyrgyzstan earthquake">
2008 Kyrgyzstan earthquake

The 2008 Kyrgyzstan earthquake was a magnitude 6.6 earthquake, which struck on October 6, 2008 at 21:52 local time (15:52 UTC) killing 75 people, including 41 children, and injuring 150 people, including 93 children. The center of the earthquake was near the town of Nura, which was destroyed in the quake. The shock destroyed 100 buildings in the area and destroyed nearby village of Kura. Minor damage also occurred in nearby Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region. The quake was felt throughout Central Asia. A magnitude 5.7 aftershock in Xinjiang and a magnitude 5.1 aftershock in Kyrgyzstan followed the earthquake. Two more aftershocks above magnitude 5 in Kyrgyzstan and one in Xinjiang struck on October 13, UTC time. Victims were transported in military helicopters to hospitals in Osh.
The Kyrgyzstan Emergency Ministry said that few buildings remained standing in the village: "Almost all buildings in the village have been destroyed. The only buildings remaining are the properly engineered ones which were built recently: the school and a medical clinic." Kanatbek Abdrakhmatov, head of the Institute of Seismology, attributed much of the destruction due to inferior construction of the buildings, many of which were built out of clay and straw.
The injured were paid 5,000 Kyrgyzstani soms (US$ 136) and 3 tons of coal, and families of the dead received 50 kg of flour. 200 people wish to remain in Nura, and were provided with 100 6-person tents. 100 mobile homes are being transported to Nura, and the village will be rebuilt in the spring of 2009, and should be completed by August 2009. Uzbekistan pledged the equivalent of US$200,000 in humanitarian aid, including 120 tons of cement, as well as other building materials.
In Kyrgyzstan, an official day of mourning was observed on October 7, 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19631268" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19631268" title="Keating Five">
Keating Five

The Keating Five were five United States Senators accused of corruption in 1989, igniting a major political scandal as part of the larger Savings and Loan crisis of the late 1980s and early 1990s. The five senators – Alan Cranston (Democrat of California), Dennis DeConcini (Democrat of Arizona), John Glenn (Democrat of Ohio), John McCain (Republican of Arizona), and Donald W. Riegle, Jr. (Democrat of Michigan) – were accused of improperly intervening in 1987 on behalf of Charles H. Keating, Jr., Chairman of the Lincoln Savings and Loan Association, which was the target of a regulatory investigation by the Federal Home Loan Bank Board (FHLBB). The FHLBB subsequently backed off taking action against Lincoln.
Lincoln Savings and Loan collapsed in 1989, at a cost of over $3 billion to the federal government. Some 23,000 Lincoln bondholders were defrauded and many investors lost their life savings. The substantial political contributions Keating had made to each of the senators, totaling $1.3 million, attracted considerable public and media attention. After a lengthy investigation, the Senate Ethics Committee determined in 1991 that Cranston, DeConcini, and Riegle had substantially and improperly interfered with the FHLBB's investigation of Lincoln Savings, with Cranston receiving a formal reprimand. Senators Glenn and McCain were cleared of having acted improperly but were criticized for having exercised "poor judgment".
All five senators served out their terms. Only Glenn and McCain ran for re-election, and they both retained their seats. McCain would go on to run for President of the United States twice, including being the Republican Party nominee in 2008.
Circumstances.
The U.S. Savings and Loan crisis of the 1980s and early 1990s was the failure of 747 savings and loan associations (S&Ls) in the United States. The ultimate cost of the crisis is estimated to have totaled around $160.1 billion, about $124.6 billion of which was directly paid for by the U.S. taxpayer. The accompanying slowdown in the finance industry and the real estate market may have been a contributing cause of the 1990-1991 economic recession. Between 1986 and 1991, the number of new homes constructed per year dropped from 1.8 million to 1 million, at the time the lowest rate since World War II.
The Keating Five scandal was prompted by the activities of one particular savings and loan: Lincoln Savings and Loan Association of Irvine, California. Lincoln's chairman was Charles Keating, who ultimately served five years in prison for his corrupt mismanagement of Lincoln. In the four years after Keating's American Continental Corporation (ACC) had purchased Lincoln in 1984, Lincoln's assets had increased from $1.1 billion to $5.5 billion.
Such savings and loan associations had been deregulated in the early 1980s, allowing them to make highly risky investments with their depositors' money. Keating and other savings and loan operators took advantage of this deregulation. Savings and loans established connections to many members of Congress, by supplying them with needed funds for campaigns through legal donations. Lincoln's particular investments took the form of buying land, taking equity positions in real estate development projects, and buying high-yield junk bonds.
Corruption allegations.
The core allegation of the Keating Five affair is that Keating had made contributions of about $1.3 million to various U.S. Senators, and he called on those Senators to help him resist regulators. The regulators backed off, to later disastrous consequences.
Beginning in 1985, Edwin J. Gray, chair of the Federal Home Loan Bank Board (FHLBB), feared that the savings industry's risky investment practices were exposing the government's insurance funds to huge losses. Gray instituted a rule whereby savings associations could hold no more than ten percent of their assets in "direct investments", and were thus prohibited from taking ownership positions in certain financial entities and instruments. Lincoln had become burdened with bad debt resulting from its past aggressiveness, and by early 1986, its investment practices were being investigated and audited by the FHLBB: in particular, whether it had violated these direct investment rules; Lincoln had directed Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation-insured accounts into commercial real estate ventures.
By the end of 1986, the FHLBB had found that Lincoln had $135 million in unreported losses and had surpassed the regulated direct investments limit by $600 million.
Keating had earlier taken several measures to oppose Gray and the FHLBB, including recruiting a study from then-private economist Alan Greenspan saying that direct investments were not harmful, and getting President Ronald Reagan to make a recess appointment of a Keating ally, Atlanta real estate developer Lee H. Henkel Jr., to an open seat on the FHLBB. By March 1987, however, Henkel had resigned, upon news of his having large loans due to Lincoln. Meanwhile, the Senate had changed control from Republican to Democratic during the 1986 Congressional elections, placing several Democratic senators in key positions, and starting in January 1987, Keating's staff was putting pressure on Cranston to remove Gray from any FHLBB discussion regarding Lincoln. The following month, Keating began large-scale contributions into Cranston's project to increase California voter registration. In February 1987, Keating met with Riegle and began contributing to Riegle's 1988 re-election campaign.
It appeared as though the government might seize Lincoln for being insolvent. The investigation was, however, taking a long time. Keating was asking that Lincoln be given a lenient judgment by the FHLBB, so that it could limit its high risk investments and get into the safe (at the time) home mortgage business, thus allowing the business to survive. A letter from audit firm Arthur Young & Co. bolstered Keating's case that the government investigation was taking a long time. Keating now wanted the five senators to intervene with the FHLBB on his behalf.
By March 1987, Riegle was telling Gray that "Some senators out west are very concerned about the way the bank board is regulating Lincoln Savings," adding, "I think you need to meet with the senators. You'll be getting a call." Keating and DeConcini were asking McCain to travel to San Francisco to meet with regulators regarding Lincoln Savings; McCain refused. DeConcini told Keating that McCain was nervous about interfering. Keating called McCain a "wimp" behind his back, and on March 24, Keating and McCain had a heated, contentious meeting.
On April 2, 1987, a meeting with Gray was held in DeConcini's Capitol office, with Senators Cranston, Glenn, and McCain also in attendance. The senators requested that no staff be present. DeConcini started the meeting with a mention of "our friend at Lincoln". Gray told the assembled senators that he did not know the particular details of the status of Lincoln Savings and Loan, and that the senators would have to go to the bank regulators in San Francisco that had oversight jurisdiction for the bank. Gray did offer to set up a meeting between those regulators and the senators.
On April 9, 1987, a two-hour meeting with three members of the FHLBB San Francisco branch was held, again in DeConcini's office, to discuss the government's investigation of Lincoln. Present were Cranston, DeConcini, Glenn, McCain, and additionally Riegle. The regulators felt that the meeting was very unusual and that they were being pressured by a united front, as the senators presented their reasons for having the meeting. DeConcini began the meeting by saying, "We wanted to meet with you because we have determined that potential actions of yours could injure a constituent." McCain said, "One of our jobs as elected officials is to help constituents in a proper fashion. ACC Continental Corporation is a big employer and important to the local economy. I wouldn't want any special favors for them... I don't want any part of our conversation to be improper." Glenn said, "To be blunt, you should charge them or get off their backs," while DeConcini said, "What's wrong with this if they're willing to clean up their act? ... It's very unusual for us to have a company that could be put out of business by its regulators." The regulators then revealed that Lincoln was under criminal investigation on a variety of serious charges, at which point McCain severed all relations with Keating.
The San Francisco regulators finished their report in May 1987 and recommended that Lincoln be seized by the government due to unsound lending practices. Gray, whose time as chair was about to expire, deferred action on the report, saying that his adversarial relationship with Keating would make any action he took seem vindictive, and that instead the incoming chair should take over the decision. Meanwhile, Keating filed a lawsuit against the FHLBB, saying it had leaked confidential information about Lincoln. The new FHLBB chair was M. Danny Wall, who was more sympathetic to Keating and took no action on the report, saying its evidence was insufficient. In September 1987, the Lincoln investigation was removed from the San Francisco group and in May 1988, the FHLBB signed an agreement with Lincoln that included not going ahead with a criminal referral to the Department of Justice. In July 1988, a new audit of both Lincoln and American Continental began in Washington.
Cranston continued intervening on behalf of Keating after the April 1987 meetings, contacting both Wall and California state regulators and continuing to receive large amounts of new donations to the voter registration projects from Keating. DeConcini also continued on behalf of Keating, contacting Wall, California state regulators, and the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) advocating approval of a sale of Lincoln as a December 1988 alternative to government seizure. Bank regulators refused to approve the sale of Lincoln. Glenn too continued to help Keating after the April 1987 revelation, by setting up a meeting with then-House Majority Leader Jim Wright.
News of the April meetings between the senators and the FHLBB officials first appeared in "National Thrift News" in September 1987, but was only sporadically covered by the general media for the next year and a half. In early 1988, "The Detroit News" ran a story on Riegle's participation, which Riegle responded to on "Meet the Press" by denying an interceding on Lincoln's behalf, before returning Keating's campaign contributions back to him. In spring 1988, the "Los Angeles Times" ran a short piece in their business section, but their political reporters did not follow up on it; two isolated, inside page mentions by "The Washington Post" and "The Wall Street Journal" similarly failed to develop further. As media critic Howard Kurtz would later write, "the saga of Charles Keating took years to penetrate the national consciousness." The political fortunes of the senators involved did not suffer at this time. During the 1988 U.S. presidential election, McCain was mentioned by the press as a vice-presidential running mate for Republican nominee George H. W. Bush, while Glenn was one of the two vice-presidential finalists in Michael Dukakis' selection process, losing out to Lloyd Bentsen.
Failure of Lincoln and investigation of the senators.
Lincoln stayed in business; from mid-1987 to April 1989, its assets grew from $3.91 billion to $5.46 billion. During this time, the parent American Continental Corporation was desperate for cash inflow to make up for losses in real estate purchases and projects. Lincoln's branch managers and tellers convinced customers to replace their federally-insured certificates of deposit with higher-yielding bond certificates of American Continental; the customers later said they were never properly informed that the bonds were uninsured and very risky given the state of American Continental's finances. Indeed the regulators had already adjudged the bonds to have no solvent backing. FDIC chair L. William Seidman would later write that Lincoln push to get depositors to switch was "one of the most heartless and cruel frauds in modern memory."
American Continental went bankrupt in April 1989, and Lincoln was seized by the FHLBB on April 14, 1989. About 23,000 customers were left with worthless bonds. Many investors, often ones living in California retirement communities, lost their life savings, and felt emotional damage for having been duped on top of their financial devastation. The total bondholder loss came to between $250 million and $288 million. The federal government was eventually liable for $3.4 billion to cover Lincoln's losses when it seized the institution.
Keating was hit with a $1.1 billion fraud and racketeering action, filed against him by the regulators. In talking to reporters in April, Keating said, "One question, among many raised in recent weeks, had to do with whether my financial support in any way influenced several political figures to take up my cause. I want to say in the most forceful way I can: I certainly hope so."
In the wake of the Lincoln failure, former FHLBB chair Gray went public about all five of the senators' assistance to Keating in a May 21, 1989 front page story by John Dougherty in the "Dayton Daily News", saying that in the April 1987 meetings the senators had sought "to directly subvert the regulatory process" to benefit Keating. Press attention to the senators began to pick up, with a July 1989 "Los Angeles Times" article about Cranston's role. With a couple of months, "Arizona Republic" and "Washington Post" reporters were investigating McCain's personal relationships with Keating.
On September 25, 1989, several Republicans from Ohio filed an ethics complaint against Glenn, charging that he had improperly intervened on Keating's behalf. The initial charges against the five Senators were made on October 13, 1989 by Common Cause, a public interest group, who asked for the U.S. Justice Department and the Senate Ethics Committee to investigate the actions of the senators relative to Lincoln and the contributions received from Keating and whether they violated the rules of the Senate or federal election laws. But the most public attention came from the House Banking Committee, whose new chair Henry B. Gonzalez held 50 hours of hearings into the Lincoln failure and associated events.
By November 1989, the estimated cost of the overall savings and loan crisis had reached $500 billion, and the media's formerly erratic coverage had turned around and become a feeding frenzy. The Lincoln matter was getting large-scale press attention and the senators became commonly known as the "Keating Five". All the senators denied they had done anything improper in the matter, and said Keating's contributions made no difference to their actions. The senators' initial defense of their actions rested on Keating being one of their constituents; McCain said, "I have done this kind of thing many, many times," and said the Lincoln case was like "helping the little lady who didn't get her Social Security." Some of the five hired high-power Washington lawyers to represent them – including Charles Ruff for Glenn and John Dowd for McCain – while others feared that to do so would give the appearance their political careers were in jeopardy.
The Justice Department and the FBI began by investigation possible criminal actions by Keating, but then expanded its inquiries to include the five senators. The FBI soon focused their attention on Cranston, because the largest sums of money from Keating came into Cranston-involved voter-registration drives whose tax-exempt status might have been violated.
Relationships of senators to Keating.
Much of the press attention to the Keating Five focused on the relationships of each of the senators to Keating.
Cranston had received $39,000 from Keating and his associates for his 1986 Senate re-election campaign. Furthermore, Keating had donated some $850,000 to assorted groups founded by Cranston or controlled by him, and another $85,000 to the California Democratic Party. Cranston considered Keating a constituent because Lincoln was based in California.
DeConcini had received about $48,000 from Keating and his associates for his 1988 Senate re-election campaign. In September 1989, after the government sued Keating and American Continental for improper actions regarding contributions, DeConcini returned the money. DeConcini considered Keating a constituent because Keating lived in Arizona; they were also long-time friends.
Glenn had received $34,000 in direct contributions from Keating and his associates for his 1984 presidential nomination campaign, and a political action committee tied to Glenn had received an additional $200,000. Glenn considered Keating a constituent because one of Keating's other business concerns was headquartered in Ohio.
McCain and Keating had become personal friends following their initial contacts in 1981, and McCain was the only one of the five with close social and personal ties to Keating. Like DeConcini, McCain considered Keating a constituent as he lived in Arizona. Between 1982 and 1987, McCain had received $112,000 in political contributions from Keating and his associates. McCain and his family had made several trips at Keating's expense. McCain did not pay Keating (in the amount of $13,433) for some of the trips until years after they were taken, when he learned that Keating was in trouble over Lincoln. In 1989 "Phoenix New Times" writer Tom Fitzpatrick opined that McCain was the "most reprehensible" of the five senators.
Riegle had received some $76,000 from Keating and his associates for his 1988 Senate re-election campaign. Riegle later announced in April 1988 he was returning the money. Riegle's constituency connection to Keating was that Keating's Hotel Pontchartrain was located in Michigan.
Senate Ethics Committee investigation and findings.
History.
The Senate Ethics Committee's investigation began on November 17, 1989. It focused on all five senators and lasted 22 months, with 9 months of active investigation and 7 weeks of hearings. The committee was composed of three Democratic senators, Howell Heflin (chair), David Pryor, and Terry Sanford, and three Republican senators, Warren Rudman (vice chair), Trent Lott, and Jesse Helms. Washington attorney Robert S. Bennett was appointed as special outside counsel to the committee, tasked with conducting the investigation.
Initially the committee investigated in private. On September 10, 1990, Bennett submitted a confidential report, which soon leaked, that recommended that the committee continue its investigation of Cranston, DeConcini, and Riegle, but take no action against Glenn and McCain, as there was insufficient evidence to pursue the latter two. Bennett also recommended that public hearings be held.
Speculation that this would be the decision had already taken place, and both Glenn and McCain were frustrated that the long delay in resolving their cases was damaging their reputations. However, there were political implications, as the removal of the two would eliminate the only Republican from the case. The committee's work was further made difficult by there being no specific rule that governed the propriety of members intervening with federal regulators. By mid-October, several Republican senators, including former Ethics Committee chair Ted Stevens, were taking the unusual step of publicly complaining about the Ethics Committee's inaction, saying that it was unfair to Glenn and McCain, that the whole lengthy process was unfair to all five, and that political motives might be behind the delays. Eventually, the committee could not agree on the Bennett recommendation regarding Glenn and McCain: vice chair Rudman agreed with Bennett, chair Heflin did not. On October 23, 1990, the committee decided to keep all five senators in the case, and scheduled public hearings to question them and other witnesses.
These hearings would take place from November 15 through January 16, 1991. They were held in the Hart Senate Office Building's largest hearing room. They were broadcast live in their entirety by C-SPAN, with CNN and the network news programs showing segments of the testimonies. At the opening of the hearings, as "The Washington Post" would later write, "the senators sat dourly alongside one another in a long row, a visual suggestive of co-defendants in a rogues' docket." Overall, McCain would later write, "The hearings were a public humiliation."
The committee reported on the other four senators in February 1991, but delayed its final report on Cranston until November 1991. During that period there was partisan-aligned disagreement within the committee over how to treat Cranston, and in August 1991 a special counsel's report was released by Helms. A delay was also caused when Pryor suffered a heart attack in April 1991, and was replaced on the committee by Jeff Bingaman. Bingaman spent months learning the complex materials involved in the matter, only to resign in July due to a conflict of interest. Pryor was reassigned to the committee in August 1991, so as to not further delay its deliberations.
The various committee reports addressed each of the five senators.
Cranston: reprimanded.
The Senate Ethics Committee ruled that Cranston had acted improperly by interfering with the investigation by the FHLBB. He had received more than a million dollars from Keating, including $850,000 to the voter registration groups closely affiliated with him; he had done more arm-twisting than the other Senators on Keating's behalf; and was the only senator officially rebuked by the Senate in this matter.
Cranston was given the harshest penalty of all five senators. In November 1991, the Senate Ethics Committee voted unanimously to reprimand Cranston, instead of the more severe measure that was under consideration: censure by the full Senate. Extenuating circumstances that helped to save Cranston from censure included the fact that he was suffering from cancer, and that he had decided to not seek reelection, according to Heflin. The Ethics Committee took the unusual step of delivering its reprimand to Cranston during a formal session of the full Senate, with almost all 100 Senators present.
Cranston was not accused of breaking any specific laws or rules, but of violating standards that Heflin said "do not permit official actions to be linked with fund-raising." Although the Ethics Committee stated "No evidence was presented to the Committee that Senator Cranston ever agreed to help Mr. Keating in return for a contribution," the Committee officially found that Cranston's conduct had been "improper and repugnant", deserving of "the fullest, strongest and most severe sanction which the committee has the authority to impose." The sanction was in these words: "the Senate Select Committee on Ethics, on behalf of and in the name of the United States Senate, does hereby strongly and severely reprimand Sen. Alan Cranston.”
After the Senate reprimanded Cranston, he took to the Senate floor to deny key charges against him. In response, Rudman charged that Cranston’s response to the reprimand was “arrogant, unrepentant and a smear on this institution," and that Cranston was wrong to imply that everyone does what Cranston had done. Alan Dershowitz, serving as Cranston's attorney, alleged that other senators had merely been better at “covering their tracks.”
Riegle and DeConcini: criticized for acting improperly.
The Senate Ethics Committee ruled that Riegle and DeConcini had acted improperly by interfering with the investigation by the FHLBB. Specifically, it said that even though neither of them violated any Senate rule, their conduct "gave the appearance of being improper." DeConcini was especially faulted for having taken the lead in the two meetings with the FHLBB.
After the ruling, Riegle expressed contrition, saying "I certainly regret and accept responsibility actions that did lend themselves to an appearance of a conflict of interest." DeConcini, however, said he would continue to be "aggressive" in representing his constituents in their affairs with federal regulators.
Glenn and McCain: cleared of impropriety but criticized for poor judgment.
The Senate Ethics Committee ruled that the involvement of Glenn in the scheme was minimal, and the charges against him were dropped. He was only criticized by the Committee for "poor judgment."
The Ethics Committee ruled that the involvement of McCain in the scheme was also minimal, and he too was cleared of all charges against him.
McCain was criticized by the Committee for exercising "poor judgment" when he met with the federal regulators on Keating's behalf. The report also said that McCain's "actions were not improper nor attended with gross negligence and did not reach the level of requiring institutional action against him...Senator McCain has violated no law of the United States or specific Rule of the United States Senate." On his Keating Five experience, McCain has said: "The appearance of it was wrong. It's a wrong appearance when a group of senators appear in a meeting with a group of regulators, because it conveys the impression of undue and improper influence. And it was the wrong thing to do."
Regardless of the level of their involvement, both senators were greatly affected by it. McCain would write in 2002 that attending the two April 1987 meetings was "the worst mistake of my life". Glenn has described the Senate Ethics Committee investigation as the low point of his life.
The Senate Ethics Committee did not pursue, for lack of jurisdiction, any possible ethics breaches in McCain's delayed reimbursements to Keating for trips at the latter's expense, because they occurred while McCain was in the House. The House Committee on Standards of Official Conduct said that it too lacked jurisdiction, because McCain was no longer in the House. It said it did not require that McCain amend his existing financial disclosure forms for his House years, on the grounds that McCain had now fully reimbursed Keating's company.
Reactions.
Not everyone was satisfied with the Senate Ethics Committee conclusions. Fred Wertheimer, president of Common Cause, which had initially demanded the investigation, thought the treatment of the senators far too lenient, and said, " action by the Senate Ethics Committee is a cop-out and a damning indictment of the committee," and "The U.S. Senate remains on the auction block to the Charles Keatings of the world." Joan Claybrook, president of Public Citizen, called it a "whitewash". Jonathan Alter of "Newsweek" said it was a classic case of the government trying to investigate itself, labeling the Senate Ethics Committee "shameless" for having "let four of the infamous Keating Five off with a wrist tap." "The New York Times" ran several editorials criticizing the Ethics Committee for having let the senators off lightly. Margaret Carlson of "Time" suspected the committee had timed its first report to coincide with the run-up to the Gulf War, minimizing its news impact. One of the San Francisco bank regulators felt that McCain had gotten off too lightly, saying that Keating's business involvement with Cindy McCain was an obvious conflict of interest.
Some of the Senate Ethics Committee members were concerned that letting the senators off lightly would harm their own reputations. Nevertheless, the existing Senate rules did not specifically proscribe the actions taken by DeConcini, Riegle, Glenn, and McCain. Vice-chair Rudman defended the committee's actions, saying: "Given the news media frenzy surrounding Keating Five, the easiest thing for the committee to do would have been to find them guilty of something and recommend sanctions. ... The politically difficult thing, the one requiring backbone, was what we did — to review all the evidence and reach a predictably unpopular conclusion based only on fact."
Leaks.
A number of press reports came out during the Ethics Committee's work that purported to reveal aspects of the investigations. Chair Heflin was upset by the leaks and two investigations into them were held, one by the General Accounting Office acting on behalf of the committee and one by the Senate's Temporary Special Independent Counsel. Neither report reached a conclusive finding or directly implicated anyone in the leaks. The special counsel report, released in 1992, ascribed partisanship as the motive for the leaks and said they were intended to hurt DeConcini, Riegle, and Cranston; it also gave an inference that McCain and his staff were responsible for key leaks.
DeConcini later charged that McCain had leaked to the press sensitive information about the investigation that came from some of the closed proceedings of the Ethics Committee. McCain denied doing so under oath, although several press reports concluded that McCain had been one of the main leakers during that time. The GAO investigator later said, "There is absolutely no doubt in my mind that McCain made those leaks." Vice chair Rudman stated in his 1996 autobiography that McCain and his staff were responsible for some of the leaks, but later repudiated the assertion.
Aftermath.
Keating and Lincoln Savings became convenient symbols for arguments about what had gone wrong in America's financial system and society, and were featured in popular culture references. The senators did not escape infamy either. By spring 1992, a deck of playing cards was being marketed, called "The Savings and Loan Scandal", that featured on their face Charles Keating holding up his hand, with images of the five senators portrayed as puppets on his fingers. Polls showed that most Americans believed the actions of the Keating Five were typical of Congress as a whole. Political historian Lewis Gould would later echo this sentiment, as well as Cranston attorney Dershowitz's argument, writing that, "the real problem for the 'Keating Three' who were most involved was that they had been caught."
McCain testified against Keating in a civil suit brought by Lincoln bondholders, and was seen as the plaintiffs' best witness. The other four senators refused to testify. Cranston left office in January 1993, and died in December 2000. DeConcini and Riegle continued to serve in the Senate until their terms expired, but they did not seek re-election in 1994. DeConcini was appointed by President Bill Clinton in February 1995 to the Board of Directors of the Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation. Glenn did choose to run for re-election in 1992, trying to become the first senator ever to win a fourth term from Ohio. The Republican candidate, Lieutenant Governor R. Michael DeWine, attacked Glenn on Keating Five as well as a number of other matters, in one of the dirtiest campaigns in the country that year and the toughest of Glenn's senatorial contests. Glenn prevailed, however, defeating DeWine by nine percentage points to gain one more term in the Senate before retiring and not running for re-election in 1998.
After 1999, the only member of the Keating Five remaining in the U.S. Senate was John McCain, who had an easier time gaining re-election in 1992 than he anticipated. He survived the political scandal in part by becoming friendly with the political press. McCain subsequently ran for president in 2000 and became the Republican presidential nominee in 2008. During the 2000s, several retrospective accounts of the controversy reiterated the contention that McCain was included in the investigation primarily so that there would be at least one Republican target. Glenn's inclusion in the investigation has been attributed to Republicans who were angered by the inclusion of McCain, as well as committee members who thought that dropping Glenn (and McCain) would make it look bad for the remaining three Democratic Senators.
The scandal was followed by a number of attempts to adopt campaign finance reform—spearheaded by U.S. Sen. David Boren (D-OK)—but most attempts died in committee. A weakened reform was passed in 1993. Substantial campaign finance reform was not passed until the adoption of the McCain-Feingold Act in 2002. Bennett would later write that the Keating Five investigation did make a difference, as members of Congress were afterward far less likely to intercede with federal investigations on behalf of contributors.
In early October 2008, the Keating Five scandal, its possible parallel to the subprime mortgage crisis and liquidity crisis of September 2008, and specifically the role in the scandal of Republican presidential nominee McCain, were briefly emphasized by the campaign of his Democratic opponent, Barack Obama, through a 13-minute "documentary" entitled "Keating Economics". This introduction occurred after the McCain campaign began emphasizing the Obama–Ayers controversy. The Keating Five matter otherwise had little impact on McCain's eventually unsuccessful campaign.

</doc>
<doc id="19631275" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19631275" title="Bahnbetriebswerk Hermeskeil">
Bahnbetriebswerk Hermeskeil

Bahnbetriebswerk Hermeskeil is a small, Prussian locomotive depot at Hermeskeil, in the state of Rhineland-Palatinate in Germany that dates from 1888. Until 1903 it was called a "Maschinenstation" (engine station).
The locomotive depot is directly opposite the station building at Hermeskeil station and has a six-road roundhouse (originally two-road) and a 16m turntable (originally 13m). From 1956 the depot became an outstation of Simmern locomotive depot but this was closed on 1 April 1959. Today it is privately owned and is used as a steam locomotive museum. Around 50 locomotives are stored here, the majority being large steam engines.

</doc>
<doc id="19631298" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19631298" title="Tokachi-Mitsumata Caldera">
Tokachi-Mitsumata Caldera

Tokachi-Mitsumata Caldera is an 8-km wide volcanic caldera in the Ishikari Mountains of Daisetsuzan National Park in Hokkaidō, Japan.
The caldera is bounded to the north by the Ishikari Mountains and to the southwest by the Nipesotsu-Maruyama Volcanic Group.

</doc>
<doc id="19631310" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19631310" title="Lorene Scafaria">
Lorene Scafaria

Lorene Scafaria (born May 1, 1978) is an American screenwriter, playwright, actress, singer, and film director. She is best known for her work on the films "Nick and Norah's Infinite Playlist" and "Seeking a Friend for the End of the World", the latter her debut as director in 2012.
Early life.
Scafaria was born and raised in Holmdel Township, New Jersey, the daughter of Gail and Joseph R. Scafaria. Her father was an Italian immigrant, from Gioia Tauro, Calabria. She first became interested in writing when she would write up a report on a completely fake book once a month to win Pizza Hut gift certificates from her school. She began to take an interest in storytelling and had written and produced her first play in Red Bank, New Jersey by the age of seventeen. She attended Lafayette College in Pennsylvania for a year before switching to New Jersey's Montclair State University when she could no longer afford Lafayette's tuition.
Film.
After moving to New York City, Scafaria wrote and put up a play at the Producer's Club Theatre called "That Guy and Others Like Him", in which she also played a role. She also had a small role in the acclaimed short film, "Bullet in the Brain," winner of nine festivals and produced by CJ Follini. Still her writing agent had yet to find her a job, and so she took on more acting roles, appearing in many theater productions in addition to the films "Big Helium Dog" and "A Million Miles", among others. She sent out queries to twenty different agents, seeking representation, one of whom replied and asked Scafaria to move from New York to Los Angeles. Even though she did not anticipate real success with the agent, she moved out and became roommates with screenwriter Bryan Sipe, whom she had met making a film in New Jersey earlier. Neither of their work was considered "commercial" enough by studios, so they paired up to write a children's adventure film called "Legend Has It". Revolution Studios bought the screenplay but asked for a re-write which Scafaria described as "far less interesting", and the project was ultimately shelved.
In early 2005, Scafaria was hired by Focus Features to adapt Rachel Cohn and David Levithan's book "Nick and Norah's Infinite Playlist" into a film of the same name. The screenplay was her ninth, but her first adaptation. She is good friends with fellow writers Diablo Cody ("Juno"), Dana Fox ("What Happens in Vegas"), and Liz Meriwether ("No Strings Attached") who she collaborates with in their writing group they call the "Fempire". In 2012, Scafaria and the "Fempire" received the Athena Film Festival Award for Creativity and Sisterhood. She wrote Iraqi war docudrama "Sweet Relief" for Paramount Pictures and "The Mighty Flynn," a spec script which she set up at Warner Brothers. She has also written "Man and Wife", which Gabriele Muccino is attached to direct. Lorene is currently working on Sony’s musical remake of "Bye Bye Birdie" for Red Wagon and Offspring Entertainment
In 2009, Mandate Pictures picked up Scafaria's script "Seeking a Friend for the End of the World", a romantic comedy that focused on one man's quest for a meaningful connection amid the "end of days". The film marked the directorial debut for Scafaria, and was released in June 2012.
Music.
During the 2007–2008 Writers Guild of America strike, Scafaria recorded a voice-and-piano album called "Garden Party". The 2009 Drew Barrymore film Whip It! features Scafaria's original song "28" in the closing credits.
Scafaria recorded a second record available April 1, 2010 on iTunes called "Laughter and Forgetting."

</doc>
<doc id="19631314" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19631314" title="Lago Agrio oil field">
Lago Agrio oil field

The Lago Agrio oil field is an oil-rich area in the Ecuadorian province of Sucumbíos near the city of Nueva Loja, discovered in the 1960s. The Lago Agrio field is known internationally for the serious ecological problems that oil development has created there, including water pollution, soil contamination, deforestation and cultural upheaval.
Since 1993, lawyers representing local residents have sought to force former well operator Texaco and its now parent company Chevron Corporation to clean up the area and to provide for the care of those allegedly affected. In February 2011, an Ecuadorian court ordered Chevron to pay $8 billion in compensation, a ruling the company called "illegitimate" and vowed to appeal.
Development and ownership.
In 1964, Texaco Petroleum Company (TexPet) began exploring for oil in northeast Ecuador, in an area which was inhabited by indigenous people. The following year it started operating a consortium owned equally by itself and Gulf Oil, to develop a tract in the area. Nueva Loja was originally founded as a base camp of Texaco. The consortium struck a gusher in 1967 and began full-scale production in 1972. The Ecuadorian government, through its national oil company CEPE, now Petroecuador, obtained a 25 percent interest in the consortium in 1974. Gulf subsequently sold its interest to CEPE. By 1976, the consortium was majority-owned by the Ecuadorian government. TexPet transferred management of the consortium to Petroecuador in 1990. TexPet's concession expired in 1993, leaving Petroecuador as the sole owner. Petroecudaor continues drilling in the area.
Over a period of 20 years, the Lago Agrio field produced of oil with a profit of $25 billion. According to Chevron, 95 percent of the profit from the consortium went to the government.
Impact.
Pollution.
At the close of the oil boom there remained as many as 16 million gallons of spilled crude oil. 
An estimated 18 billion gallons of produced water had been diverted into open pits. The produced water contained polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons at levels many times higher than permitted in the US, where produced water is typically re-injected underground. Ecuadorian President Rafael Correa, visiting the region in 2006, remarked "Let’s not deceive ourselves. There was a crime against humanity here." Environmental activists blame these pollutants for present-day contamination of the water supply and for a 150% increase in cancer cases in the community and region. Chevron and its supporters maintain that no causal link between the produced water and cancer has been shown and that most of the crude spills occurred after Texaco withdrew.
Remediation efforts.
In 1995, amid litigation, Texaco agreed to clean a number of waste pits in proportion to its interest in the consortium, at a cost of $40 million. In exchange, the Ecuadorian government released Texaco from further liability. Chevron has used this agreement as its primary defense against the ongoing legal claims, although numerous sources show the remediation efforts to have been largely cosmetic.
Litigation.
Lawyers for the indigenous residents of the Lago Agrio field sued Texaco in New York in 1993. The 30,000 member class-action lawsuit accused TexPet of discharging produced water into open pits, contaminating the water that was used by the locals for fishing, bathing, and drinking. The case was dismissed for improper venue in 2001, and another case was filed in 2003 in Ecuador.
Chevron claims that the company is being unfairly targeted as a deep pocket. It maintains that responsibility for damage and cleanup now lies with Petroecuador and the government, and contends that much of the present damage comes from Petroecuador's activities since 1990, including spills from a pipeline system built by the consortium that Petroecuador has not maintained.
In 2008, a court-appointed expert issued a report accusing Texaco employees of not only widespread pollution, but deforestation and cultural destruction as well. The report estimated the damages by TexPet between $8 billion and $16 billion, which the expert later increased by $11 billion.
Cristóbal Bonifaz, the lawyer who had filed the initial action in New York in 1993, was dismissed from the litigation in 2006. He went on to file a case against Chevron in 2007 on behalf of new clients who claimed that pollution had given them cancer. The court found that three of the plaintiffs did not have cancer. After dismissing their claims (leaving two claims active), the court imposed a $45,000 fine against Bonifaz for making frivolous claims.
Attorney Pablo Fajardo, who represents the plaintiffs, and activist Luis Yanza received the Goldman Environmental Prize in 2008 for their work in this case. The prize is considered the most prestigious award for environmental protection in the world.
In August 2009 a video surfaced showing an alleged member of Ecuador's ruling party, Alianza PAIS, bribing Judge Juan Núñez, who is the presiding judge in the case. In the video, the judge agreed to rule against Chevron, to deny Chevron's appeals, and also discusses the allocation of the $3 million bribe between himself, the president, and the plaintiffs. The video also shows discussion regarding the awarding of remediation contracts that would result from a ruling against Chevron. The judge was forced to resign. Chevron claims it had no involvement in the videotaping, however in April 2010 it was found that one of the men involved in the filming was a long-time Chevron contractor, who in turn was later caught on hidden camera saying he "has enough evidence to ensure a victory by the Amazon communities if Chevron failed to pay him what he was promised". This man was later relocated to the United States with his family at Chevron's expense, where he is also receiving an undisclosed amount of living expenses. The other man involved in filming the video is a convicted drug smuggler.
In order to finance the litigation, New York lawyer Steven R. Donziger, who acted as a spokesman and lobbyist for the plaintiffs, had sold a percentage of the final settlement to a hedge fund.
Chevron had acquired outtakes of the 2009 documentary "Crude" which covers part of the case. The outtakes suggest that Donziger considered the Ecuadorian system of justice to be corrupt and had urged Ecuadorian President Rafael Correa to issue criminal indictments against two Chevron lawyers involved in the settlement negotiations of the late 1990s. The two lawyers were subsequently indicted. When Donziger was ordered to testify about this in the U.S. federal case, he claimed attorney–client privilege but was rebuked by the judge. Donzinger subsequently was forced to hand over all his case files, his computers, his tax returns and bank account information to Chevron and he was deposed under oath. Donzinger's diary, which had been stored on one of his computers, became a matter of public record. The deposition revealed that the above-mentioned report by a court-appointed expert had largely been written by an environmental consultancy company hired by the plaintiffs.
In February 2011, Chevron filed suit in New York against Donziger and several other people involved in the plaintiff's case, invoking the RICO Act and alleging extortion and fraud in that they made up evidence and tried to manipulate the legal system of Ecuador. 
Plaintiffs in the Ecuadorian court case had initially demanded compensation payments of $27 billion. When the court ordered Chevron to pay $18 billion in February 2011, the company vowed to appeal, calling the ruling "illegitimate" and "unenforceable in any court that observes the rule of law", and said that "the United States and international tribunals had already taken steps to bar enforcement of the ruling." Plaintiffs were also planning to appeal, as a recent report put the damages at $113 billion.
Chevron had obtained an injunction by a U.S. federal judge, preventing the plaintiffs from collecting on the Ecuadorean judgement anywhere in the world. This injunction was overturned by the Second Circuit Court of Appeals in September 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="19631328" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19631328" title="George C. Gregory">
George C. Gregory

George Craghead Gregory (July 17, 1878 - August 25, 1956) was an American attorney, businessman, historian, and author. He lived with his wife and seven children at "Granite Hall", an estate located near Granite in northwestern Chesterfield County about 8 miles west of Richmond, Virginia.
In 1932, he discovered the foundation of the first brick statehouse (capitol) building (circa 1646) of the Colony of Virginia at Jamestown Island. In 1936, he founded the Jamestowne Society, a lineage organization.
Birth, education.
George Craghead Gregory was born in Granville County, North Carolina on July 17, 1878, to Lucy Jane Brodie and Archibald Hatchett Gregory (1840–1897). His father was born in Lunenburg County, Virginia, and was one of the Virginia Military Institute (VMI) cadets who were ordered by the Governor of Virginia Henry A. Wise to stand guard at the hanging of John Brown at Harper's Ferry in 1859 under the command of VMI Majors William Gilham and Thomas J. "Stonewall" Jackson. During the American Civil War, Captain Gregory was with the Confederate North Carolina Infantry, and was wounded and imprisoned during the war.
One of 10 children, George graduated from the University of Virginia School of Law in 1902. Gregory became a prominent attorney, businessman and land developer in Richmond, Virginia, where he was an officer of Guaranty Trust Company, a predecessor of the modern Bank of America.
Marriage, family.
Following her debutante year, 1909–1910, in Richmond, on September 1, 1910, he married Constance Adela Heath (1890–1982) of California at Sonning-on-Thames, England. They made their home at "Granite Hall", which was located near the south side of the James River in Chesterfield County, Virginia, where he had a large mansion erected. It was faced with granite quarried nearby. They had seven children.
Among the children of Constance Adela (née Heath) Gregory and George Craghead Gregory was Edward Meeks "Pope" Gregory (1922–1995). Born at Granite Hall on September 30, 1922, he became an Episcopalian priest in Richmond. He was associated with Christ Church School, Christ-Church, Virginia; St. Marks Episcopal Church, Richmond, and lastly, St. Peters Episcopal Church in Richmond. During the era of Massive Resistance and the desegregation crisis post-Brown v. Board of Education in Virginia, when Prince Edward County’s public schools were closed, Gregory raised money for black students to attend private schools from 1959 to 1964. Reverend Meeks held the first gay marriage ceremony in Virginia, on the lawn of St. Peter's Church in Richmond, in August 1978. In 1979, while serving on Richmond'’s Human Relations Commission, Gregory became a big proponent, albeit unsuccessfully, of adding sexual orientation to the city code's nondiscrimination policies.
Developer: bridging the James River.
George C. Gregory led the successful effort to build the privately funded Westham Bridge, a toll-bridge, which was completed in 1911. Linking western Henrico and Chesterfield counties, the bridge was located between Bosher's Dam and Williams Island Dam just west of the 7 miles of rapids and falls which constitute the fall line of the James River at Richmond. The Westham Bridge was located just west of the Huguenot Bridge, which was built in 1949 and replaced it. Piers, abutments at each side, and power lines still marked the path in the early 20th century.
Gregory was also involved in a scheme to extend streetcar service from Westhampton Lake (now part of the campus of the University of Richmond) across the Westham Bridge to the suburban resort community of Bon Air. Although grading was done and some roadbed was actually prepared, the plans never materialized. This was possibly due to either weight considerations involving the Westham Bridge or a right-of-way issue in Henrico County, or both. A portion of the graded pathway planned for the streetcar rising from the river survives as Southampton Road. Another stretch became Mohawk Drive in Bon Air.
Historical activity.
George C. Gregory and his wife were active in the Virginia Historical Society. He is credited in 1932 with discovering the foundation of the first brick statehouse (capitol) building circa 1646 at Jamestown, Virginia. 
In 1936, he founded the Jamestowne Society for descendants of stockholders in the Virginia Company of London and the descendants of those who owned land or who had domiciles in Jamestown or on Jamestown Island prior to the year 1700.
Mrs. Gregory remained in Richmond after the death of her husband in 1956, where she died in 1982.
Heritage, memoriam.
The land surrounding the Gregory family estate, Granite Hall, became the site of a golf course of the Bon Air Country Club after World War II, and a subdivision beginning in 1958. The granite stone manor house remains, fronting on Piney Branch Road, and is occupied as a private residence. Nearby, Granite Hall Avenue winds through the subdivision, now located within the city limits of the independent city of Richmond.

</doc>
<doc id="19631330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19631330" title="Spence (tugboat)">
Spence (tugboat)

Tugboat Spence and her barge Guantanamo Bay Express are owned by the American shipping company TransAtlantic Lines LLC. Together, they make a twice-monthly trip between Naval Station Mayport; near Jacksonville, Florida; and Naval Station Guantanamo Bay in Cuba. Each leg of the trip takes approximately days and covers approximately . Unloading the barge can take up to five days.
History.
On 13 June 2001, TransAtlantic Lines won a contract with an estimated cumulative value of $16,738,001 for dedicated ocean liner cargo service to US military installations in Guantanamo Bay, Cuba. This contract extended until 30 June 2004. The government announced the requirements for the charter on the World Wide Web on 4 December 2000, and seven bids were received. Military Traffic and Management Command in Alexandria, Virginia, is the contracting activity.
On 14 February 2002 the Department of Defense announced an award of contract DAMT01-02-D-0025, a $17,923,770 firm-fixed-price contract for the tug and barge combination. The contract required provision of international cargo transportation services using ocean common or contract carrier offering regularly scheduled commercial liner service for requirements that may arise in any part of the world. Contract requirements included provision of dedicated ocean, inter-modal, and related transportation services primarily between the Continental United States and Naval Station Guantanamo Bay, Cuba. There were seven bids solicited on 26 September 2001, and seven bids received. The Military Traffic Management Command located in Alexandria, Virginia was the contracting activity.
On 11 November 2004, while leaving Mayport, Florida en route to Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, the tow wires connecting the tug and barge parted, causing the barge to run aground. At the time of the accident, the vessels were experiencing wind gusts and seas. Extensive bottom damage and breaches to all port side voids were reported. The barge was refloated and delivered to the owners the following day. The vessels were owned by Pac-Atlantic Marine Leasing, LCC at the time.

</doc>
<doc id="19631333" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19631333" title="Verticordia sect. Verticordella">
Verticordia sect. Verticordella

"Verticordia" sect. "Verticordella" is a section of "Verticordia" that describes a group of eighteen shrub species. This description was first made in 1857 by Carl Meissner in the "Journal of the Proceedings of the Linnean Society", but he did not indicate the reason for his choice of the name. It was later included in Hooker's Journal of Botany without a description. "Verticordella" is presumed to be diminutive form of "Verticordia". The section describes the species previously referred to as the" 'drummondii "and" lindleyi "groups', taxa that had previously caused confusion. The section was later expanded and included within the subgenera, as "Verticordia" subg. "Eperephes", in Alex George's 1991 arrangement of the genus. The type species for this section is Schauer's "Verticordia drumondii". 
The species described as within this section usually have a single stem, but some have a lignotuber that will produce several stems after regrowth. The flowers are scented, slightly to very sweet smelling, a hypanthium with down-ward curving appendages, bracteoles which are shed, and sepals with fringed lobes. The flowers have petals with a fringed or toothed margin and a curved style that is hairy at the apex. The leaf margins are similar to the petals, and partly cylindrical or concave in profile.
George's arrangement came to include the following species:

</doc>
<doc id="19631340" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19631340" title="Jock Allan">
Jock Allan

James "Jock" Allan was a Scottish footballer, who played as a full back. Allan began his career in the Scottish League before moving to The Football League. After he was banned for life by the Football Association for match fixing, Allan moved to the United States and played for five seasons in the American Soccer League.
Great Britain.
Allan began his professional career with Dunfermline Athletic. In 1910, he moved to Hibernian F.C. where he played two games in September. He then transferred to East Fife F.C. On May 10, 1913, he transferred to Bury F.C. and remained with the team until 1923. On May 1, 1920, Bury tied at Coventry City F.C. That tie allowed Coventry to remain in the Football League at the expense of Lincoln City F.C. It eventually came to light that Coventry and Bury had conspired to fix the match. On March 30, 1923, after investigating the allegations, the Football Association Management Committee announced that Allan and several other players, managers and executives were banned for life. By then Allan had transferred to Reading F.C., but was immediately released by the team.
United States.
Following his suspension by the FA, Allan moved to the United States in 1924 where he signed with J&P Coats of the American Soccer League. He played only three games with Coats at the end of the 1923-1924 season, but became a fixture on the team's backline for the next three seasons. He saw time in only 13 games during the 1927-1928 season. He left the ASL in 1928.

</doc>
<doc id="19631365" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19631365" title="European Federation of Parasitologists">
European Federation of Parasitologists

The European Federation of Parasitologists (EFP) is a non-profit scientific international organization, founded in November 1966 by Witold Stefański who was its first president. It gathers around 30 national societies of Parasitology of European countries. The original bylaws were published in the "International Journal for Parasitology" in 1979. Hundreds of European scientists are affiliated to the EFP through their national societies. The EFP is a member of the World Federation of Parasitologists [http://www.wfpnet.org/tab_home.php]. The EFP aims at helping human or animal health authorities in fighting any emerging parasitic problem.
Aims.
The main objectives of the European Federation of Parasitologists are to promote the exchange of knowledge on parasitic organisms and diseases, to coordinate researches and networks related to parasitic organisms, to support of basic, veterinary & medical parasitology, to attract young scientists and students to develop researches in Parasitology and to organize a European Multicolloquium of Parasitology (EMOP) every 4 years. The European Federation of Parasitologists is registered in the EU transparency register ( ID: 68170229123-35)
Colloquiums.
Eleven European Multicolloqium of Parasitology (EMOP) have been held so far :
The next EMOP conference will be organized in 2016 in Turku, Finland.
Awards and Scholarships.
The EFP offers, during the EMOP, Young Scientist Awards to stimulate the involvement of young scientists in the development of parasitology in Europe. Awards are in two areas: "Research in Basic Parasitology" and "Research in Applied Parasitology". In addition, to help and stimulate the participation of young parasitologists to the EMOP, the board of the European Federation of Parasitologists grants scholarships to cover the registration fees.

</doc>
<doc id="19631382" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19631382" title="2008 AFL Draft">
2008 AFL Draft

The 2008 AFL Draft consisted of four opportunities for player acquisitions during the 2008/09 Australian Football League off-season. These were Trade Week (held between 6 October and 10 October), the National Draft (held on 29 November), the Pre-Season Draft (16 December) and the Rookie Draft (16 December). It was considered to be the last uncompromised draft before the draft concessions given to the Gold Coast and Western Sydney expansion teams restrict the existing AFL clubs' access to the best young players in the future years drafts.
Trades.
Throughout the year there was much speculation about high profile players such as Jonathan Brown, Alan Didak and Daniel Kerr being likely to be traded during the AFL's annual trading period, but each re-signed with their clubs before the trading period started. The main discussions during trade week were the surprise request by Ryan O'Keefe to be traded from Sydney, as well as the destination of young Fremantle ruckman Robert Warnock, both of whom wished to be traded back to their home city of Melbourne. Other players to request trades include Andrew Lovett, Brent Prismall, Mark Seaby, Farren Ray, Josh Carr and Daniel Harris. 
North Melbourne surprised many early in the week by naming Hamish McIntosh and Corey Jones as players available to trade, with McIntosh later being withdrawn from the offer after a backlash from his manager and club legend Glenn Archer. 
Like most years, no trades were completed during the first three days of the trade week and for the first time the AFL was requested to assist by providing a mediator to solve the stand-off between Fremantle and Carlton over the Warnock deal. Carlton had offered its second round selection, #24 overall, but Fremantle wanted its first round selection, the sixth overall. On the final day of trade week Warnock was traded. The deal included Fremantle's pick No. 69, in exchange for Carlton's picks 24, 56 and 72.
In total only six trades were completed, with O'Keefe, Lovett, Seaby, Carr and Harris unable to finalise deals during the week. The low number of completed trades prompted calls by the AFLPA for a form of free agency to be introduced, although it could be explained as a one-off event due to a combination of the high regard for the players available in year's draft and the impending concessions to be given to the expansion teams, Gold Coast and Greater Western Sydney in the coming years.
2008 National Draft.
The 2008 National Draft was held on 29 November. Melbourne finished the 2008 AFL season in last position and had the first selection in the draft. As both Melbourne and West Coast Eagles won less than 5 games during the season, they were eligible for a priority pick. As this was the first year in which they qualified, the priority pick was allocated between the first and second rounds of selections.
Ayce Cordy was the first player selected in the draft as the only father-son selection. The Western Bulldogs had to use their 1st round selection, #14, to secure him after St Kilda bid their #1st round selection for him. His father, Brian, played 124 games for the Bulldogs in the 1980s.
The top two selections were widely tipped to be Jack Watts and Nic Naitanui, with Daniel Rich, Tyrone Vickery, Stephen Hill, Chris Yarran and Hamish Hartlett to fill the next few selections.
2009 Pre-season Draft.
The pre-season draft was held on 16 December 2008 (but is referred to as the 2009 Pre-season draft in continuation from the early years of the AFL draft when it was held in January or February) and most pre-draft interest was on whether or not former West Coast Eagles captain and Brownlow Medal winner Ben Cousins would be selected by the Richmond Football Club. Richmond, the only club to show interest in recruiting Cousins, had one selection in the pre-season draft (because it had only one space left on its senior list). In the week leading up to the pre-season draft, Richmond requested to have Graham Polak (who had been hit by a tram the previous season, with it not clear at this stage whether or not the resulting injuries would end his career) moved to the rookie list, to free up an additional list space and give them a second selection in the pre-season draft. The request was similar to one made by and granted to the Essendon Football Club a few years earlier with respect to Adam Ramanauskas, but there were key differences which led to Richmond's request being rejected by the AFL and a majority of rival clubs on December 15th. Although Richmond had maintained throughout the previous week that it would draft Cousins only if its request to put Polak on the rookie list was granted, they selected Cousins anyway with their only selection in the pre-season draft. Josh Carr's return to Port Adelaide was the other major player move.
2009 Rookie Draft.
Due to the expansion in the number of rookie places available for clubs to use - from the previous maximum of six players to the maximum of eight rookies and veteran listed players combined - the 2009 Rookie Draft featured more selections than usual.
Rookie elevation.
A total of 15 players were promoted from their respective clubs' rookie lists to the club's primary lists at the conclusion of the 2008 season.
Selections by league.
National and Pre-season draft selection totals by leagues:

</doc>
<doc id="19631386" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19631386" title="Victor Gorelick">
Victor Gorelick

Victor Gorelick (born April 5, 1941) is an American comic book editor and executive. Currently the Editor-in-Chief of Archie Comics, he has worked for the company for over fifty years in a wide variety of roles.
After studying at the School of Industrial Art (now known as the High School of Art and Design), Gorelick joined Archie Comics as an art assistant, and has served as production coordinator, art director, and now as Archie Comic's Editor-in-Chief. Having done everything from writing to coloring, and everything between, Mr. Gorelick has knowledge of every facet of the editorial process required to create and publish comics. 
Mr. Gorelick has worked closely with numerous companies designing various custom comic books. For example, he has overseen collaborations between Archie Comics and Kraft General Foods, Radio Shack, and even the F.B.I. He is a moving force on the Comic Magazine Association of America's Code Authority Guidelines Committee, a member of the Board of Advisors of the Joe Kubert School of Cartoon and Graphic Art, and he has taught cartooning as an instructor at Kingsborough Community College in New York City.
Awards.
Gorelick was honored with an Inkpot Award at the 2008 San Diego Comic-Con International.

</doc>
<doc id="19631390" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19631390" title="Magra, Tasmania">
Magra, Tasmania

Magra is a locality in Tasmania, Australia. It is in the Derwent Valley a few kilometres north of New Norfolk. At the 2006 census, Magra had a population of 899.
Magra is just over the hill from New Norfolk. It consists mainly of dwelling houses and farmland. Accommodation is also available as the area is popular with tourists. Notable features of Magra itself include the surrounding hills and the plantation of Lombardy Poplars. The site of the grave of Betty King, believed to be the first European white woman to set foot on Australian soil, is located in the vicinity of Magra.
History.
Magra Post Office opened on 1 June 1911 and closed in 1968.

</doc>
<doc id="19631392" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19631392" title="University of Oregon media">
University of Oregon media

The University of Oregon has a diverse array of student-run and student-created media, including the "Oregon Daily Emerald", "The Comic Press", the "Oregon Voice", the "Oregon Commentator" and the "Student Insurgent". University media included the literary "Northwest Review". The University of Oregon is also the home of two radio stations: KWAX and KWVA.
Print.
"Oregon Daily Emerald".
The "Oregon Daily Emerald", published Monday through Friday, primarily features news items and commentary pertaining to the University community, and is considered the daily paper of record. In addition to the print newspaper, the "Emerald" publishes its features on the internet. The "Emerald" has been in publication for more than 100 years and has many distinguished alumni. A court case involving the "Emerald"'s publication of several first-hand student accounts of drug use during the 1960s became the basis for the subsequent creation of the Oregon Shield Law. The paper became independent in the 1970s after editor Paul Brainerd realized the potential conflict of interest between acting as a watchdog while simultaneously receiving direct funding and oversight from the university. Today the paper is supported by advertising revenue and is distributed free to students because of a subscription fee paid by the ASUO with incidental fees.
"The Comic Press".
"The Comic Press" was a semi-monthly newspaper written and edited by students at the University of Oregon during 2008-2009. "The Comic Press's" mission was to 'provoke intelligent thought and discussion through humor.' It republished a number of webcomics and contained topical and humorous features about a wide variety of campus topics. "The Comic Press" was originally known as "The Weekly Enema", but the name was changed with the release of their 7th issue.
Magazines and quarterlies.
"Oregon Voice".
The "Oregon Voice" primarily chronicles popular culture in a zine format. The "Voice" often profiles music acts as they tour through Eugene, and in 1998 the magazine published a widely read interview with "Infinite Jest" author David Foster Wallace.
"Oregon Commentator".
The second oldest publication on campus after the "Emerald", the "Oregon Commentator", is a journal of political opinion and humor, modeled in equal parts after such publications as "Harvard Lampoon" and "Reason Magazine". Often, but not always, the "Commentator" is known for a libertarian or conservative stance. In general, its aim is to serve as a contrarian outlet for students resistant to the prevalent political atmosphere on campus. In addition to its print magazine, the "Commentator" publishes its content on its website, where it also maintains a group-run blog frequently linked to by national news outlets. It maintains close observation of liberal commentary on campus, particularly within the "Student Insurgent", and secondary commentary in fact forms the bulk of many "Commentator" issues. It was founded in fall 1983 primarily by Dane S. Claussen, later editor and/or publisher of various US newspapers and magazines and now Visiting Professor, School of International Journalism, Shanghai International Studies University; and Richard E. Burr, now with "The Detroit News" editorial pages.
"Student Insurgent".
The "Student Insurgent" is a journal of radical politics published by a collective of students and occasionally community members. The paper's coverage shifts periodically, but has covered anti-capitalist, radical environmentalist, and anti-war topics. Notably, the "Insurgent" has expressed solidarity with such groups as the Animal Liberation Front and the Earth First! organization. It has also rallied for the release of Mumia Abu-Jamal and Jeff Luers, a local eco-anarchist whose 22-year arson sentence was later overturned on the grounds that it was excessive, as well as other imprisoned radical-left voices, often claiming that they are wrongly held political prisoners.
More famously, the "Student Insurgent" became the center of national controversy when it printed "The Jesus Issue", featuring commentary on Christianity and cartoons of Jesus, including "Jesus with erection", in response to the Jyllands-Posten Muhammad cartoons controversy. In response, Bill O'Reilly called for the firing of university president David B. Frohnmayer and invited members of the "Insurgent" and the "Commentator" onto the O'Reilly Factor, but only "Commentator" staff accepted. The president of the Catholic League, William Donohue, called "Jesus with erection" "one of the most obscene assaults on Christianity I have ever seen".
"The Siren".
Feminist magazine produced by the Women's Center
"Flux".
"Flux" is an annual magazine written and edited by students at the University of Oregon School of Journalism & Communication. It contains in-depth features about a wide variety of topics, many of which are based in the Pacific Northwest but have national appeal and interest.
"The Ecotone".
The Ecotone is an annual publication greated by the graduate students of the Environmental Studies Program at UO. The journal provides a venue for communication and exchange within the Environmental Studies Program—among undergraduates, graduate students, faculty, staff, and alumni—and facilitates cross-campus dialogue between disciplines and departments. The University of Oregon is home to a diverse array of environmental scholars, activists, artists, thinkers, designers, scientists, theorists, and researchers. The Ecotone hopes to engage this community in ongoing dialogue through its paper and online publications. To this end, The Ecotone, serves as a venue for sharing professional interests, discussing environmental concerns, and posting creative expressions.
An archive is available at Ecotone Archive.
University published media.
The "Oregon Quarterly" is a University magazine which presents "the diversity of ideas and people associated with the University, Oregon, and the Northwest." The tri-annual, "Northwest Review" journal of literature was published over 50 years up to 2011.
Other student publications on the University of Oregon campus include the multicultural magazine "Korean Ducks," and the multilingual publication "Global Talk". "Global Talk", a student-created news publication, provides a place to bring language and culture together including one page each for Chinese, French, Dutch, Persian, German, Italian, Japanese, Russian, Scandinavian, Slavic, Swahili, Portuguese, Spanish, and other minor languages unrepresented by major departments. "Global Talk" is funded by several departments at the UO and was founded in November 2005. It is the first university of Oregon multilingual publication published within the university system and within the whole state of Oregon. Other publications include the ASUO Women's Center's newsletter "The Siren", and the ASUO governmental newsletter "NETMA" (acronym for Nobody Ever Tells Me Anything).
The University of Oregon Press publishes books, which since June 1, 2005 have been distributed by the Oregon State University Press.
Student media controversies.
Controversy has occasionally surrounded the "Commentator" and the "Insurgent". In 2001 the "Insurgent" gained national attention for publishing in the December, 2000 issue, a primer on violent methods of ending scientific testing on lab animals, opposite a page detailing the names, phone numbers, and home addresses of science professors alleged to be involved in such practices.
In 2005, members of the "Student Insurgent" Collective led efforts to defund the "Commentator" on the grounds that it had violated its own Mission and Goals statement by ridiculing a prominent student senator. The ASUO's Programs Finance Committee (PFC) voted to defund the "Commentator". Later, three members of the PFC resigned their positions under duress, including one whose criminal record was published in the "Commentator". The free-speech advocacy and civil rights organization FIRE threatened legal action against the University, and the "Commentator's" funding was subsequently reinstated by a reconstituted PFC.
In 2006 the "Commentator" republished the twelve Mohammed cartoons that had sparked riots across the Middle East after first appearing in the Danish newspaper Jyllands-Posten several months prior. The "Insurgent" followed by publishing twelve cartoons depicting Jesus [http://commentator.dreamhosters.com/Insurgent_17.4.pdf], some of which featured the deity with a prominent erection. Several groups demanded a public apology or a defunding of the "Student Insurgent", and news outlets including The O'Reilly Factor called for the firing of the University's President David B. Frohnmayer. Both the "Emerald" and the "Commentator" publicly defended the "Insurgent's" right to free speech and Frohnmayer's decision to uphold it, citing the 2001 Southworth decision by the Supreme Court .
The "Emerald" itself is not a stranger to controversy. In the 1970s and early 1980s, the student newspaper published an annual satire supplement called the "Immorald". The 1981 "Immorald" featured the phrase "Give me a fucking break" in nearly all its stories, which led to an angry editorial in the Eugene "Register-Guard", entitled "The Immorald is Not Funny". The phrase had been used earlier that year by "Emerald" political columnist (and former editor) Greg Wasson, which prompted Max Rijken, a member of the Oregon Legislature, to photocopy the article for fellow legislators and demand that the UO administration take action against the newspaper. The co-editor of that year's "Immorald", Mike Rust, went on to co-found the "Commentator" a few years later.
The other 1981 "Immorald" co-editor, Mike Lee, had lightly sparred with the "Emerald" itself a few years earlier, in a mock controversy that had real consequences for the UO mascot, the Oregon Duck. In 1978, the "Emerald" sponsored a student referendum that would officially declare the cartoon character Mallard Drake as UO mascot. Drake, the creation of "Emerald" editorial cartoonist Steve Sandstrom, was a black-feathered duck, closer in spirit to Daffy Duck than the UO's Donald. Lee opposed the referendum through an organization called the "Retain Class in Your Bird" committee, itself a parody of a campus radical group, the Revolutionary Community Youth Brigade. Students ultimately voted for Donald over Mallard, in an election that drew more votes than the student-body president on the same ballot. UO officials later used that election as evidence that students "officially" voted for Donald Duck as campus mascot.
Radio.
The University, under the Associated Students operate three radio stations on campus. KWAX broadcasts classical music and KWVA which broadcasts a variety of music and talk.
Television.
Duck TV is the University of Oregon's only student-run television network. Weekly episodes feature news, sports, comedic and dramatic segments.

</doc>
<doc id="19631397" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19631397" title="Burian">
Burian

Burian may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19631398" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19631398" title="Rock Odyssey">
Rock Odyssey

Rock Odyssey is an animated feature film produced by Hanna-Barbera for a theatrical release in 1987.
Directed by Robert Taylor (but credited to William Hanna and Joseph Barbera on the final print), with storyboards by Pete Alvarado.
Plot.
The story of a mysterious woman named Laura, who embarks on a journey to find her true love. The movie's soundtrack is set to four decades of classic rock. Scatman Crothers provides the voice of a living jukebox who narrates the story.
Production notes.
Production of "Rock Odyssey" began in 1981 at Hanna-Barbera's short-lived feature animation unit, as a follow-up project to "Heidi's Song". It was intended as a prime-time TV special for ABC, and was mentioned in a fall 1981 H-B trade ad as being slated to air in the spring of 1982, but the project was shelved after executives at H-B and corporate parent Taft Entertainment saw the film's graphic imagery, particularly relating to the 1960s and the Vietnam War. (Subsequently, Robert Taylor left the studio, and H-B closed their feature animation unit, after the box-office failure of "Heidi's Song".)
The program was shelved by Hanna-Barbera, who intended to retool the program; at a March 1983 Congressional hearing on children's television, ABC children's programming VP Squire Rushnell mentioned that it was slated to air that year. However, the film remained on the shelf until the mid-80s, at which time a new sequence was added, featuring classic Hanna-Barbera cartoon clips set to "Wake Me Up Before You Go-Go". This sequence was intended to bring the film "up to date", since the rest of the soundtrack only covered songs up to 1980. Hanna-Barbera and Worldvision Enterprises made "Rock Odyssey" available for international television distribution in 1987, and the film is mentioned in trade advertisements from that year. (Ironically, this final completed and released version seems to retain all of the "offensive" scenes which had led H-B to shelve the project back in the early 80s.)
"Rock Odyssey" has not yet been aired on TV, or released on VHS, DVD or Blu-ray in the United States by Warner Home Video, however, it was screened at the Second Los Angeles International Animation Celebration in July 1987, and is available for viewing at the Library of Congress in Washington, D.C.. It has also aired on TV in Spain and several Latin American countries, with the narration dubbed into Spanish.
In the fall of 2010, the film was aired (in English) on Boomerang Southeast Asia.

</doc>
<doc id="19631402" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19631402" title="Min Orkizesai">
Min Orkizesai

"Min Orkizesai" (; English: "Don't take an oath") is a pop song performed by Greek singer/songwriter Eleftheria Arvanitaki with lyrics by Nikos Moraitis. The song was produced for Arvanitaki's greatest hits compilation "Dinata 1986-2007" and was released as the album's first single. "Min Orkizesai" is a cover version of "Come Mona Lisa" by the Italian singer Mango.
Formats and track listings.
Digital Download<br>
Digital Download 2<br>
Promotional Only CD Single<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19631404" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19631404" title="Once Upon a Wheel">
Once Upon a Wheel

Once Upon a Wheel is a 1971 ABC television documentary on the history of auto racing. It was hosted by Paul Newman and was directed and produced by David Winters.
A racing enthusiast, Newman narrated this hour long documentary on the history of auto racing. Joining Newman was Mario Andretti, Kirk Douglas, Hugh Downs, Dean Martin, Cesar Romero, Dick Smothers and many others.
TV Guide featured an article on the program as well as Newman on the cover in the April 17, 1971 issue. The film was released to home video by Monterey Media.
Sponsors.
Coca-Cola bottlers sponsored the show, and Mr. Newman appeared in magazine ads (wearing a Coke racing jacket). Viewers could order special collectibles related to the show: 8-track cartridges or cassette tapes of music from the show, a Coca-Cola jacket similar to Newman’s, and racing jacket style patches.
International.
The show was released theatrically in Europe, with additional footage. The Italian title was "I Giganti del Brivido", and "Vertigo Sobre Ruedas" in Spanish. The director, David Winters has stated it was Paul Newman's impression of the finished product that encouraged the extended version.
Reviews.
""Spectacular...Paul Newman and celebs performed for director David Winters with joie de la cause, abetted by extraordinary editing... A poetic study of man and machines...Incredible effect...Most exciting.""
-Hollywood Reporter
""Most Exciting show ever ... A Special TV Special""
-TV Guide

</doc>
<doc id="19631406" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19631406" title="Toyodahommachi Station">
Toyodahommachi Station

History.
Toyoda Honmachi Station was opened on February 20, 1957. From 1983-1984, the tracks were elevated. On December 10, 2004, the Tranpass system of magnetic fare cards with automatic turnstiles was implemented, and the station has been unattended since that point. 
Layout.
Toyoda Honmachi Station has one elevated island platform.

</doc>
