<doc id="19437810" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19437810" title="Blood (2008 film)">
Blood (2008 film)

Blood () is a 2008 Bengali film directed by Anasuya Samanta. The film featured Debesh Raychowdhury, Anasuya Samanta, Manojit, Sutanuka, Mita Chatterjee, Sameer Mukherjee, Manjula Polle and Bhaswar Chatterjee.
Plot.
The story revolves around sequential incidents of a serial-psycho killings of married women of high class societies, suffering from the obsession of lust and sexual perversion. The case comes to limelight when Noyonika Choudhury, elder daughter-in-law of Minister Sayan Choudhury was brutally murdered. Forensic and postmortem reports revealed her sexual involvement with the culprit prior to murder. The case was then taken over by the Senior Officer (Debesh Roy Choudhury) of Special Branch of Kolkata Police assisted by his group of three officers- Sanjib (Manojit), Zinia (Anasuya) and Sharmi (Sutanuka). The officials remained perplexed about the motive only to discover the sequential gap of two days between each murder and the that all the victims were married, belonging to high society and were sexually perverted. They also found names of all the victims starting with the initial “N”. Finally, after a long round of hide and seek game of crime and love-birds (Sanjib and Zinia), the culprit, Bickramjit Sinha Roy (Arindam) gets trapped and confesses the infidelity of his beloved wife Nibedita as the motive behind such brutality. The confession reveals the tragedy of Bickramjit, infected with HIV positive which was carried to him by his wife, who while his husband was away got sexually involved with an infected sexmate.
Making.
This was a digital film and the main theme of the story was based on a real life police-case. The film enouraged anti-AIDS awareness. Anasuya Samanta, was the life and soul of the film. She acted in the film, directed it and also wrote the script for it. The film was shot in the town of Burdwan, Kolkata, Mandarmoni and various spots of North Bengal. After a rigorous shooting of one month, the film became ready for editing. One interesting aspect of the film is that it is shot by Anasuya Samanta at the age of 23, probably the youngest director in the history of Bengali film industry.
Release.
The film was released all over West Bengal on 19 September 2008. The film was distributed and produced by (Phoenix Films International), a production house based in Kolkata.
Critical response.
The film focused on the topic of HIV AIDS. It showed how it can transmit from person to person through sexual contact. It received a good response throughout West Bengal. Some viewers were overjoyed by such depiction of the truth which happens daily in the middle class and high class society.

</doc>
<doc id="19437813" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19437813" title="Vuillemin">
Vuillemin

Vuillemin is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="19437871" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19437871" title="K. Street Pali Hill">
K. Street Pali Hill

K. Street Pali Hill is an Indian Thriller soap that aired on STAR Plus. It replaced the highly popular thriller Kaahin Kissii Roz when it concluded in 2004. K. Street Pali Hill was successful for about a year, only to plummet in popularity, owing to many of the actors' replacements.This show pointed many similarities with DD National popular daily soap Shanti.
Overview.
K. Street Pali Hill is the address of one of Mumbai's most affluent families. Three friends share the same address. Money, power, fame, success - there's nothing that they do not have. They share everything including a secret, a secret so dark that it is casting shadows on their future.
Bikram Kaul, Aditya Khandelwal, Arindam Keshab are the premier business moguls of India. They live together in a sprawling mansion with their families. There is perfect harmony in the household, their kids love each other and the wives get along as well.
But in this perfect world, if there's anything that is amiss, it is the old dilapidated outhouse that casts its evil shadow on the mansion. The outhouse is the foundation of their success and the keeper of their secret. Only the three friends know its past. It is like Pandora's box- silent until opened.
Plot.
Part One
Arindam Keshab (Mukul Dev), Aditya Khandelwal (Rituraj) and Bikram Kaul (Vikram Kapadia) are three wealthy businessmen who have been close friends for 20 years. They share a secret that can destroy their lives. Their families live in the huge K-Mansion on K Street, Pali Hill. They keep the secret buried in the old outhouse behind the mansion and never unlock it. Smriti (Jaswir Kaur) enters the K Mansion as an interior decorator and bonds with the family members. Unusual haunting incidents begins to happen with everyone in the house. Somebody tries to create a rift among these three pals. Smriti is revealed to be the one behind all this. Her intention is to find out who among the three men is her father. Her mother was raped by one of these friends. She tries all the possible ways to find out the culprit. The three friends feel disturbed about their secret being leaked. They check the outhouse where the rape happened but find nothing that can unveil their secret. Smriti tries to check out samples taken from the three friends, including hair samples, smoke samples and blood samples. Finally she discovers that Bikram is her father. Bikram reveals his secret story. He confesses that he raped Smriti's mother who used to be very loyal to his company and was a very innocent lady. After the secret is revealed, Bikram's wife Misha (Ashwini Kalsekar) goes against him and sends him out of the mansion. Smriti brings her mother to the mansion, but Bikram kills her in anger. Bikram calls his sister Gayatri Kaul a.k.a. GK (Sudha Chandran) and asks for her help. Gayatri enters K Mansion and starts plotting against the members of the household.
Part Two
Drone Keshab(Vipul Gupta), Arindam's eldest son, falls in love with Smriti(Jasveer Kaur). She does not reciprocate at first but later admits her attraction, and they decide to get married. Gayatri sends Drone out of K mansion for some business, and behind his back, she started instigating Aditya's wife Ishita to get her son Raunaq married with Smriti. Deboshree (Nivedita Bhattacharya), Drone's mother, feels that Drone and Smriti must get married Meanwhile, Raunaq (Alok Arora) falls in love with Smriti, but she only considers him a friend. When Raunaq comes to know about Drone and Smriti, he feels jealous but accepts this truth. Preparations for Drone and Smriti's marriage start but unusual incidents start happening with her. Someone sends a card to Smriti; the card contains a drawing in blood, a knife and a word "SURPRISE". From that day, knives start appearing around her, sometimes in her bedroom, sometimes as a delivered gift, sometimes inside her purse. This creates a rift between Drone and Smriti, so they get separated. After their breakup, Ishita picks up the topic of Smriti's marriage with Raunaq. Drone is beside himself when he hears about Smriti and Raunaq's upcoming marriage. He tries to convince Smriti that she did not understand what had really happened between them. But Smriti accepts Raunaq's proposal and gets married to him. Raunaq is then revealed to be the one behind all the threatening incidents as he is obsessively in love with Smriti and wanted to break up her relationship with Drone. Gayatri helps Raunaq in his plans because she wants to destroy Smriti. Drone, still in love with Smriti, marries Bikram's and Misha's Daughter, Dweep Kaul (Nisha Sareen). Smriti finds the SURPRISE posters in her husband Raunaq's wardrobe and realizes the truth. She breaks off all relations with Raunaq, though she does not break their marriage, as she does not want to hurt the other family members.
Part Three
Raunaq gets into a car accident and is badly wounded. He needs B- blood group for his operation to be successful. Arindam's blood matches with Raunaq's blood and he saves Raunaq's life. Gayatri and Bikram find out that Ishita (Raunaq's Mom) and Arindam (Drone's dad) had an affair 20 years ago, and Raunaq is not Aditya's son but Arindam's. They expose this secret to everyone and it creates a rift between Arindam and Aditya as also Deboshree and Ishita. Arindam tries to make Aditya understand that he did not do it on purpose. 20 years ago he loved Ishita but sacrificed his love for his friend Aditya who was also in love with her. Aditya refuses to listen to any of this and breaks off all relations with Arindam. Raunaq recovers and starts treating Ishita and Arindam very badly. Everybody starts quarreling with each other and the entire family disperses. Smriti tries her best to solve the problem and reunite the family. She also starts to forgive her husband Raunaq for his past misdeeds with her, and keeps an eye on Bikram and Gayatri to know their next move.
Part Four
One day, Bikram and Gayatri start acting suspicious and go out. Smriti starts following their car. Gayatri and Bikram have planned this to lure Smriti and get her killed. They bribe a hit man to crash into Smriti's car with a truck. The car falls to the bottom of the cliff and explodes. However, Smriti is saved by Dr. Vansh (Sachin Sharma) and he gives her a new face via plastic surgery as her face was burned badly in the accident. As the days pass, she hooks up with him and bonds with his sister, Netra, a fashion designer. Smriti (now played by Riva Bubber) then remembers how Gayatri and Bikram had tried to kill her and decides to take revenge. She changes her name to Simran and enters K Mansion, which is in chaos. She is shocked to come face to face with a woman having her original face and living in the mansion as Raunak's wife Smriti. Aditya drinks excessively and usually fights with Ishita as he still hasn't forgiven her for her infidelity. Arindam and Deboshree are unhappy with each other. Misha was declared dead but later it was revelead that Bikram and Gayatri turned her mental by giving her pills and was admitted to mental asylum. Through the help of Netra, Simran approaced Misha and discharged her from the asylum and Vansh helped Misha in recovery. Simran investigates and finds out that the fake Smriti is actually a woman named Anju. Gayatri has found her somewhere and trained her to act as Smriti to get all the K Mansion property for herself. Soon Anju and Simran form alias and sort out all the disputes of Arindum, Aditya, Ishita and Deboshree. Simran and Anju creates a rift between Bikram and Gayatri, later Bikram kidnapped Gayatri and put a fake blame of gayatri's murder on Simran. Advocate Arya helped Simran escape this situation by revealing that she is actually Smriti and Gayatri went against Bikram which sentenced him to jail. Anju and Raunaq decide to get married. Drone, by now, has started to love his wife Dweep. Smriti a.k.a. Simran marries Dr. Vansh, but he dies soon after in a tragic mishap. Heartbroken, Simran/ Smriti learns that his death was no accident but was caused by someone in K-Mansion. She wages a long war to find her husband's killer and eventually discovers that it is none other than Raunaq, who is still obsessed with her. She has a hard time convincing Anju about this. Simran (Smriti) finally settles down with a good friend of hers, a lawyer named Arya Kapoor (Siddharth), who has supported her throughout her struggle.
Gayatri kidnaps Dweep. She calls Anju and directs her to bring the property transfer papers. Anju arrives at Gayatri's hideout and gives her the property papers. Gayatri tries to kill Anju but police arrives on the scene and arrests her.Court announces its verdict, Gayatri gets life-imprisonment, Bikram gets six month imprisonment and Raunak is relieved for testifying against them.Raunaq requests Anju to forgive him for all his misdeeds and give him a last chance.Finally,Anju forgives him and they lived happily thereafter with others in K Mansion.

</doc>
<doc id="19437874" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19437874" title="Vaporized hydrogen peroxide">
Vaporized hydrogen peroxide

Vaporized hydrogen peroxide — also known as hydrogen peroxide vapor, HPV, and by the trademarked name VHP — is a vapor form of hydrogen peroxide (H2O2) with applications as a low-temperature antimicrobial vapor used to decontaminate enclosed and sealed areas such as laboratory workstations, isolation and pass-through rooms, and even aircraft interiors.
Use as sterilant.
Regulatory status.
VHP is registered by the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency as a "sterilant", which the EPA defines as "a substance that destroys or eliminates all forms of microbial life in the inanimate environment, including all forms of vegetative bacteria, bacterial spores, fungi, fungal spores, and viruses". As a sterilant, VHP is one of the chemicals approved for decontamination of anthrax spores from contaminated buildings, such as occurred during the 2001 anthrax attacks in the U.S. It has also been shown to be effective in removing exotic animal viruses, such as avian influenza and Newcastle disease from equipment and surfaces.
Application.
VHP is produced from a solution of liquid H2O2 and water, by generators specifically designed for the purpose. These generators initially dehumidify the ambient air, then produce VHP by passing aqueous hydrogen peroxide over a vaporizer, and circulate the vapor at a programmed concentration in the air, typically from 140 ppm to 1400 ppm depending on the infectious agent to be cleared. By comparison, a concentration of 75 ppm is considered to be "Immediately Dangerous to Life or Health" in humans. After the VHP has circulated in the enclosed space for a pre-defined period of time, it is circulated back through the generator, where it is broken down into water and oxygen by a catalytic converter, until concentrations of VHP fall to safe levels (typically <1 ppm). Alternatively, the VHP is vented to the outside air, in cases where recapturing of the VHP is not needed.
Use in hospitals.
H2O2 vapor has been shown to reduce incidence of nosocomial infections from a number of pathogens. "Clostridium difficile" associated disease, VRE and MRSA are all associated with environmental contamination. H2O2 vapor has been used in hospitals to eradicate causal agents (e.g., antibiotic-resistant "Klebsiella pneumoniae") from the environment and prevent infection of subsequent patients.

</doc>
<doc id="19437877" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19437877" title="Phagmodrupa Dynasty">
Phagmodrupa Dynasty

The Phagmodrupa dynasty or Pagmodru (Wylie: phag-mo-gru-pa, Chinese: 帕木竹巴; IPA: /pʰʌ́kmoʈʰupa/) of Tibet was established by Tai Situ Changchub Gyaltsen at the end of the Mongol Yuan Dynasty. Tai Situ came from the monastic fief Phagmodru ("sow's ferry crossing"), which was originally founded as a hermitage in 1158 by the famous Kagyu scholar Phagmo Drupa Dorje Gyalpo. It was situated in the Nêdong district southeast of Lhasa. After the death of the founder in 1170, Phagmodru evolved into a large and wealthy monastery which was governed by members of the Lang family. One of their line was Tai Situ who became lord of the fief in 1321. He managed to defeat various local opponents at a time when the Yuan Dynasty, overlord of Tibet, was on the decline. The Sakya regime had hitherto wielded power over Tibet on behalf of the Mongols. However, Tai Situ superseded Sakya in the period 1354–1358, thereby recreating an autonomous Tibetan state.
Administrative renewal.
The new regime governed from their palace in Nêdong in the Yarlung Valley. Tai Situ reorganized the old Mongol-Sakya administration by dividing the territory in various dzong (rdzong), districts. He abolished Mongol laws and customs in favour of traditional Tibetan ones. The dynasty in the first place wielded power over Central Tibet (Ü and Tsang). They periodically dispatched formal tributes to the emperors of the Ming Dynasty in China, and received from them the title Chanhuawang (Chinese: 闡化王, prince who expounds Buddhism). The Ming court established a number of prefectures (都司) and counties (寨) in Central Tibet, but preferring to appoint Tibetans as rulers rather than sent officials or military commanders. Only essential matters, for instance the ownership of Sakya Monastery, should be judged by the emperor.
Period of political stability.
The first rulers were lamas who did not marry, and the succession up to 1481 went via collateral kinsmen. At first the rulers declined to take royal titles, being content with the title regent (desi, sde srid). The fifth ruler Drakpa Gyaltsen appropriated the royal title "gongma" (the high one, superior). From 1354 to 1435 the rulers managed to uphold a balance between the various fiefs. This period is famous for being culturally productive, and included the work of the Buddhist reformer Je Tsongkhapa, founder of the Gelug sect. The rulers in the first century of the dynasty were as follows:
Renewed political fragmentation.
After a civil war 1435 members continued to be enthroned as kings, although they were always contested by other local powers, especially the Rinpungpa (1435–1565) and Tsangpa (1565–1642) dynasties. After 1564 their position was purely nominal, and the final incumbent was expelled from Lhasa in 1635. The last eight rulers were:

</doc>
<doc id="19437903" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19437903" title="Kyodo no mori">
Kyodo no mori


</doc>
<doc id="19437928" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19437928" title="Dubai City Tower">
Dubai City Tower

The Dubai City Tower, also known as the Dubai Vertical City, is a proposed skyscraper design announced on 25 August 2008. the building is supposed to be 2400 meters (7900 feet) tall. The building, created by an architect to display possibly future technologies, is the third tallest building ever fully envisioned after the X-Seed 4000 (4000m) and the Ultima Tower (3217m). If ever constructed, the Dubai City Tower will be much taller than any other current man-made structure, at almost three times the height of the Burj Khalifa. The Dubai City Tower would be almost seven times taller than the Empire State Building.
The design has 400 floors with a 200 km/h (125 mph) vertical bullet train acting as the main elevator. The design is inspired by the Eiffel Tower to better deal with the massive wind forces pushing on it. It has a central core with 6 outer buildings that are connected to the central core every 100 floors. This design both stabilizes the structure and spreads out its mass.
The Dubai City Tower is estimated to consume 37,000 MWh of electricity per year, with a 15 MW peak usage. The power will be mostly supplied by solar, thermal, and wind sources.

</doc>
<doc id="19437930" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19437930" title="Iaal, Lebanon">
Iaal, Lebanon

Iaal () is an ancient village located approximately 12 km south-east of Tripoli, 85 km from Beirut and 5 km from Zgharta. It is located within the Zgharta District of the North Governorate of Lebanon. Iaal lies at the foot of the Mount Lebanon range and has a road that runs up into the mountains passing through its borders. The most identifiable building in Iaal is the castle/fort built on the hilltop of the village centre. The Fortress of Iaal was built in 1816 by Mustafa Agha Barbar (the governor of Tripoli under the Ottomans from 1798) because the area was considered strategic thanks to its panoramic views, which extend all the way down to the Mediterranean coast. The other identifiable building in Iaal is the mosque along the road that runs up into the mountains, called "Masjid al-Taqwa" (Arabic for "Mosque of Piety"), built in 1994. There is a second mosque located within the confines of the castle; the 2 mosques being a testament to the villagers’ strong adherence to Sunni Islam.
The land of Iaal is fertile (sustaining a variety of produce and grazing animals) and has resulted in making the town famous for its olive tree gardens.
History.
It appears Iaal was inhabited prior to the arrival of Barbar, as evidenced by a census conducted by the Ottoman’s in 1555. It shows that there were 34 males in the village at that time (females were excluded from the census). However, who these villagers were and where they originated from is unknown. What can be presumably safely deduced is that the modern descendants from Iaal are a product of both Barbar and those serving him, and those who were counted in the 1555 census. Based upon this census alone, there should be more than the few thousand people claiming an origin from Iaal today- i.e. if the population was able to grow without interference of unnatural deaths (e.g. killings) and/or significant migration and subsequent loss of identity.
Climate.
Iaal’s climate is typical of a Mediterranean plain village - with heavy rains, mild winters and hot, dry, arid summers. Its annual rainfall is 810mm. It has the following average temperatures for each month of the year:
People.
Its inhabitants are entirely Sunni Muslims and number above 1000 people (although precise figures are unattainable). They are also all related to one another through the relations of common ancestors. The majority of people who trace their ancestry to the village actually live outside of Iaal. The overwhelming majority of these immigrants and their descendants live in Australia; primarily Sydney, in the local government areas of the Municipality of Kogarah (where they own and run a mosque in the suburb of South Hurstville) and the City of Liverpool. Most people from Iaal (at the time) also immigrated to Latin America during the late 19th and early 20th century. However, these immigrants fully assimilated into their new environments and lost all connections with their homeland.
Some common surnames of people from Iaal include: Affouf, Al-Choukairy, Al-Hage, Ardati, Ayyoub, Dennaoui, Diab, Dib, Elmir, Habib, Hadid, Halbouni, Hammoud, Hussein, Ibrahim, Issa, Jameel, Khidr, Mahrees, Merhi, Nasreddine, Nasser, Shehaddy, Subkhi, Taleb.
Notable people.
Some notable people born in or descending from Iaal include:

</doc>
<doc id="19437934" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19437934" title="IC 983">
IC 983

IC 983 is a galaxy in the constellation Boötes. It is part of the Arp 117 pair of galaxies with IC 982.

</doc>
<doc id="19437939" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19437939" title="Ed Overholser">
Ed Overholser

Ed Overholser (June 20, 1869 - April 21, 1931) was the 16th mayor of Oklahoma City and a president of Oklahoma City Chamber of Commerce.
Early life and career.
Overholser was born in Sullivan, Indiana to Henry Overholser and Emma Hanna Overholser. He was educated in public schools and attended a preparatory school for boys in Kansas. He arrived in Oklahoma City on April 2, 1890, and took over the management of the Overholser Opera House.
In the late 1890s, Overholser helped organized the townsites of Stroud, Wellston, Luther and Jones. He entered public service and worked as the manager of the Oklahoma City waterworks department and was the first Secretary of the State Fair Association. He also served as a school board member and as Chairman of the Board of County Commissioners. He was responsible for the large lake that was named in his honor, Lake Overholser. Overholser married Allie Garrison on May 26, 1903, and had two children, one of whom survived.
Mayor.
Overholser won the race for mayor despite being a Republican in a strongly Democratic city. He served from April 13, 1915 to December 24, 1918.
Later life.
Overholser became the President of the Oklahoma City Chamber of Commerce from 1922 to 1927. He was responsible for erasing the chamber's debt and increasing the membership to 5,000, an impressive feat at a time when only five cities in the U.S. claimed large memberships. He was a member of a Masonic lodge, the Lutheran Church, and numerous clubs. Illness took his life on April 21, 1931, in Oklahoma City.

</doc>
<doc id="19437961" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19437961" title="Transylvanian Society of Dracula">
Transylvanian Society of Dracula

The Transylvanian Society of Dracula (TSD) is a cultural-historic, non-profit, non-governmental organization. Its members include Romanian and international scholars, folklorists, historians, esoterists, writers, cultural anthropologist, and individuals interested in comparative religion, magic and mythology. The TSD organizes scholarly activities both in Romania and abroad, as well as tours to sites of TSD interest in Romania.
Some high ranked Romanian members do make money out of the touristic activities of the organization, through the Company of Mysterious Journeys tourist agency. Modifications to this agency have occurred since the founder Nicolae Paduraru died. The Halloween 2011 tour, for example, did not include Bran Castle or Curtea Veche -in spite of what was published in their web site-, but it included a beauty pageant. One of the Romanian members of TSD working at the agency was one of the presenters of such pageant.
History.
TSD was founded in the early 1990s by a group of writers, Romanian scholars, tourism experts, and others interested in Dracula and vampire folklore in Romania. Taking the lead was Nicolae Paduraru, formerly with the Romanian Ministry of Tourism. Paduraru died in May 2009
In May 1995, the TSD chapter in Romania organized the first World Dracula Congress. This event attracted scholars and aficionados from many countries. The list of speakers included some of the worlds leading experts in the field, like Gordon Melton, Elizabeth Miller, Matei Cazacu and Clive Letherdale. The congress marked the first time when Romanian folklorists have the opportunity to share their knowledge and research in both the vampire legend and the history of Vlad Tepes with their counterparts in the West.
During the conference both the American and the Canadian chapter were established by J. Gordon Melton and Elizabeth Miller respectively. A short time later, an Italian chapter was founded by Massimo Introvigne, and since 2001, there is a German chapter run by Dr. Mark Benecke.
TSD in North America.
The Canadian Chapter of the Transylvanian Society of Dracula was formed in 1995 following the first World Dracula Congress in Romania, as non-profit corporation. The Canadian chapter is run by Prof. Elizabeth Miller, Professor of English (retired) at the Memorial University of Newfoundland, author, among others, of “Dracula, Sense & Nonsense” and a facsimile edition of Bram Stoker's notes for Dracula. The Canadian chapter also publishes the MLA indexed Journal of Dracula Studies.
Membership.
The Canadian TSD chapter is responsible for English speaking members, as well as anyone outside of the German and Russian chapters. The Canadian Chapter publishes a newsletter, The Borgo Post, four times a year, and the Italian Chapter archives Letter from Castle Dracula newsletter sent out by the Romanian chapter. Upon joining, new members receive a leather membership card, issued by the central office of the society in Romania.

</doc>
<doc id="19437963" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19437963" title="Victor Mitropoulos">
Victor Mitropoulos

Victor Mitropoulos ("Βίκτωρ Μητρόπουλος, Βίκτωρας Μητρόπουλος"), (born in 1946) is a Greek former football defender.
He played for Egaleo FC and transferred to PAO FC in 1968. He was 1971 European Cup runner up but didn't play at the final because Ferenc Puskas sent him back to Athens. However, he played in the 1971 Intercontinental Cup. 
Mitropoulos won 3 Greek championships (1969, 1970, 1972) playing for Panathinaikos FC. He also played for Orpheus Aegaleo in Beta Ethniki from 1976 to 1977.
He later became president of Egaleo FC and president of the Hellenic League (EPAE).

</doc>
<doc id="19437966" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19437966" title="Lang Dismissal Crisis">
Lang Dismissal Crisis

The 1932 dismissal of Premier Jack Lang by New South Wales Governor Philip Game was the first real constitutional crisis in Australia. Lang remains the only Australian Premier to be removed from office by his Governor, using the Reserve Powers of the Crown.
Early in 1931 Jack Lang released his own plan to combat the Depression; this became known as "the Lang Plan". This was in contrast to the "Melbourne Agreement" which all other State Governments and the Federal Government had agreed to in 1930. Lang believed that the Depression was essentially caused by overseas bankers who were greedy for even more money and that this deflationary plan would only secure their wealth.
Key points of the Lang Plan included the reduction of interest owed by Australian Governments on debts within Australia to 3%, the cancellation of interest payments to overseas bondholders and financiers on government borrowings, the injection of more funds into the nation's money supply as central bank credit for the revitalisation of industry and commerce, and the abolition of the Gold Standard, to be replaced by a "Goods Standard," whereby the amount of currency in circulation would be fixed to the amount of goods produced within the Australian economy. The banks had indicated that if he paid the interest they would advance him an additional amount which was greater than the interest, thus giving him a positive cash flow.
Lang was violently opposed to the Premiers' Plan agreed to by the federal Labor government of James Scullin and all the other premiers, which called for even more stringent cuts to government spending to balance the budget. In October 1931 Lang's followers in the Australian House of Representatives crossed the floor to vote with the conservative United Australia Party (UAP) and bring down the Scullin government. This action split the NSW Labor Party in two - Lang's followers became known as Lang Labor, while Scullin's supporters, led by Chifley, became known in NSW as Federal Labor. Most of the party's branches and affiliated trade unions supported Lang.
When the United Australia Party Government of Joseph Lyons came to power in January 1932, it passed the "Financial Agreement Enforcement Act", thereby forcing the NSW government to adhere to its debt commitments and to cut government spending. In response, Lang withdrew all the state's funds from government bank accounts so that the federal government could not gain access to the money. Game advised Lang that in his view this action was illegal, and that if Lang did not reverse it he would dismiss the government. Lang stood firm, and issued a leaflet in defiance of Game. Game then reluctantly decided to exercise his reserve powers and called Lang to Government House to dismiss him. However, Lang was not the first to hear of his dismissal. The pianist Isador Goodman, who had been befriended by Sir Philip and Lady Game, was at Government House for dinner that night. There were a number of interruptions, and Goodman asked if he perhaps ought to leave. Game replied "No, that's not necessary, you see, I am about to dismiss the Premier".
Gerald Stone, in his book "1932", states that there is evidence that Lang considered arresting the Governor to prevent the Governor from dismissing him. The possibility of this was sufficiently high that the armed forces of the Commonwealth, who would have come to the assistance of the Governor, were put on alert.
On 13 May 1932 Game dismissed Lang's government and appointed the UAP leader, Bertram Stevens, as Premier. Stevens formed a Coalition with Michael Bruxner's Country Party and immediately called an election, at which Lang's NSW Labor Party was heavily defeated. This was the first case of an Australian government with the confidence of the lower house of Parliament being dismissed by a Vice-Regal representative, the second case being when Governor-General Sir John Kerr dismissed Gough Whitlam's government on 11 November 1975. Game himself felt his decision was the right one, despite his personal liking of Lang. He wrote to his mother-in-law on 2 July 1932: "Still with all his faults of omission and commission I had and still have a personal liking for Lang and a great deal of sympathy for his ideals and I did not at all relish being forced to dismiss him. But I felt faced with the alternative of doing so or reducing the job of Governor all over the Empire to a farce." Lang himself, despite objecting to his dismissal conceded that he too liked Game, regarding him as fair and polite, and having had good relations with him.

</doc>
<doc id="19437970" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19437970" title="Black Hill (South Lanarkshire)">
Black Hill (South Lanarkshire)

The Black Hill in South Lanarkshire is owned by the National Trust for Scotland. It overlooks the Clyde Valley, and is the location of a burial cairn from the Bronze Age and an Iron Age fortress.
The hill is 2 miles (3 km) east of Blackwood and looks down to the Clyde valley at Kirkfieldbank. It peaks at a height of 290m (or 951 feet) - and now has an ordnance survey triangulation point on top of the cairn. Views include Goat Fell on the island of Arran and the Cobbler, Ben Lomond and parts of the Southern Highlands.
As a strategic viewpoint it has been valued for over 4,000 years. Today, the outline of the Iron Age fort and its settlement enclosure along with the Bronze Age burial cairn are clearly visible. The site may have had spiritual significance for these early peoples, indeed it has been suggested that the cairn was built in line with the larger summit cairn on Tinto, and may have been used as a means of deciding the date of the Winter solstice.
It was designated a Scheduled Ancient Monument in 1969.

</doc>
<doc id="19437974" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19437974" title="List of rolling stock preserved on the South Devon Railway">
List of rolling stock preserved on the South Devon Railway

The South Devon Railway is a heritage railway in Devon, England. The rolling stock preserved on the South Devon Railway includes many examples of steam locomotives typical of the Great Western Railway types that would have once worked on the line, other types of steam locomotives, and a number of diesel locomotives. The engine shed is at Buckfastleigh.
As well as locomotives in service, there are others undergoing overhaul or restoration, or which are displayed in non-working condition. The most significant one of these is "Tiny" a South Devon Railway 0-4-0vb shunting locomotive on display in the museum at Buckfastleigh station. This is the only original broad gauge locomotive still in existence in the United Kingdom.
There are a number of historic coaches in use including two "GWR Super Saloons", coaches once used in the Royal Train, and some auto coaches that were used on small branch lines such as this.
Locomotives.
Main line steam.
These steam locomotives are former Great Western Railway (GWR) locomotives. Some are types that would have operated on the line before it was closed by British Railways (BR), others would be seen on the main line at Totnes or elsewhere in Devon and Cornwall.
Main line diesels.
These former British Railways locomotives are of a variety of types but would not have operated on the line before preservation.
Former locomotives.
Other types of locomotive that have been based at Buckfastleigh during preservation, but have since moved to other railways, include:
Diesel Multiple Units.
These diesel multiple units (DMU) are typical of the many such self-propelled trains used on branch lines and suburban services from the 1950s to the 1990s, but the Buckfastleigh line had closed to passengers before they became a familiar sight in Devon. They are all of the 'suburban' type with doors to each seating bay.
Coaching stock.
There are a number of historic coaches in use, mainly built by the Great Western Railway.
9111 "King George" and 9116 "Duchess of York" are two "GWR Super Saloons" once used on the Plymouth to London Ocean Mail trains, as was Special Saloon 9005. Hawksworth Brake Composite Corridor (BCK) 7377 was formerly used on the Royal Train. Saloon Coach 8294 was a GWR Directors' Saloon and part of Queen Victoria's Royal Train but is not currently in service.
More ordinary coaches are Tourist Second Opens (TSO) 1285 and 1295, and a Collett Brake Third (BT) number 1645. Third Corridor (TK) 536 is a "Toplight" coach on long term loan from Great Western Society. 6515 is another BTK, though it has been converted for disabled passengers, and W276 is a Gangway Brake (BG) parcels van.
These are supplemented by a few British Rail Mark 1 coaches: TSOs W4496 and W4962; Second Open (SO) W4785; Composite Corridor (CK) E15644; Brake Second (BS) E43147 and Restaurant Buffet (RB) W1917. Restaurant Miniature Buffet (RMB) W4805 has been rebuilt to include a bar and is mainly used on dining trains, while a former Brake Second Corridor (BSK) W35326 has had a kitchen built into the luggage area. SO 4802 has been modified both to carry wheelchair-bound passengers and provide a buffet. Conventional seating is also retained.
Three ex-BR auto coaches are also on the railway, numbers W225, W228 and W240. The first two of these were the last auto coaches in use on the Tiverton branch in 1964.
Freight stock.
There are a number of wagons and vans on the railway, some on display at the stations and others used in engineering trains.

</doc>
<doc id="19437977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19437977" title="Yarran Dheran">
Yarran Dheran

Yarran Dheran is an important riparian bushland park, located in the outer eastern suburbs of Melbourne in Mitcham on the border of Donvale, on the banks of the Mullum Mullum Creek. The park comprises 7.2 hectares and hosts a mix of remnant and regenerative bushland, and many native species of wildlife, particularly birds, of which there are over 85 species living in the park. The Mullum Mullum Creek Trail runs through the park and there are many small unsealed bush tracks through the native bushland. There is a visitors centre near the middle of the park, toilets and many mown grassed areas for picnics and seating.
History.
In 1865 August Schwerkolt built a cottage for his family from stone taken from the Mullum Mullum Creek about 2 kilometres upstream from what is now Yarran Dheran. A bullock track was cut along the banks of the creek for carting stone which extended as far as the crown land which was set aside for a stone quarry which occupied a large part of the park. In later years, a private contractor and the Nunawading Council worked the quarry until 1963 when the Council operated a tip in the old quarry. The 1962 Melbourne bushfires destroyed part of the natural vegetation and also a pine plantation planted in the 1930s by Mitcham Primary School. In 1967 it was declared that the crown land would be the site for a public park.
Following presentations from the local residents and the Blackburn Tree Preservation Society, the site was chosen for a native plant park and the name Yarran Dheran, roughly meaning "Wattle Gully", was chosen. In April 1971 a committee of management was established and over 40,000 trees and shrubs were planted over the following 10 years. In 1973 a landscape designer was appointed to prepare a master plan and two hectares of additional land was purchased, increasing the size of the park to 7.2 hectares. In 1975 major earthworks began, a waterfall and fern gully were completed in 1979 and the information centre in 1980. 
Ecology.
Wattles such as Silver Wattle (Acacia dealbata) and Blackwood (Acacia melanoxylon), and wattles that flower during spring such as; Prickly Moses (Acacia verticillata) and Black Wattle (Acacia meatnsii). A number of species of Orchids can be found in Yarran Dheran including; Wax-lip orchid (Glassodia major), Bluebeard Caladenia (Caladeniadeformis) and the Spider Orchid. The creeper; Purple coral-pea (Hardenbergia violacea) which was once prevalent throughout the surrounding hills, to the extend that they were known as the purple hills, can also be found around the park.
There are over 85 species of Birds in Yarran Dheran including; Australian Magpies, Grey Fantail, the Noisy Miner, the Eastern Yellow Robin and the Eastern Silvereyes. Many birds use plastics washed down the creek as one of many materials to build their nests. Koala sightings are sometimes reported by residents in the surrounding area and are occasionally added to notice boards in the park. 
Other information & Regulations.
Visitors should be aware that in the Spring, magpies swoop both humans and other wildlife such as Koalas who they consider are close enough to pose a threat to their nests. Snakes may also be encountered by visitors. Dogs must remain on leads at all times, there are Echidnas in the park and dogs off leads pose a threat to these animals.
Some residents saw the construction of the wider pathway and new bridges for the Mullum Mullum Creek Trail as negative for the park in general, as before these new construction works, the park was hosted many obscure winding unsealed bush paths through which visitors could wander. The completion of the new trail pathways and bridges has given a quicker and easier through route through the park for cyclists.

</doc>
<doc id="19437981" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19437981" title="IC 982">
IC 982

IC 982 is a galaxy in the constellation Boötes. It is part of the Arp 117 pair of galaxies with IC 983.

</doc>
<doc id="19437986" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19437986" title="Canoeing at the 1972 Summer Olympics – Men's slalom C-1">
Canoeing at the 1972 Summer Olympics – Men's slalom C-1

These are the results of the men's C-1 slalom competition in canoeing at the 1972 Summer Olympics. The C-1 (canoe single) event is raced by one-man canoes through a whitewater course. The venue for the 1972 Olympic competition was in Augsburg.
Results.
The 22 competitors each took two runs through the whitewater slalom course on August 28. The best time of the two runs counted for the event.

</doc>
<doc id="19437992" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19437992" title="Arp 117">
Arp 117

Arp 117 is a pair of galaxies in the constellation Boötes, composed of the two separate galaxies IC 983 and IC 982.

</doc>
<doc id="19437997" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19437997" title="Teachings of the Báb">
Teachings of the Báb

The teachings of the Báb refer to the teachings of Siyyid `Alí Muḥammad who was the founder of Bábism, and one of three central figures of the Bahá'í Faith. He was a merchant from Shíráz, Persia, who at the age of twenty-four (in 23 May 1844) claimed to be the promised Qá'im (or Mahdi). After his declaration he took the title of Báb meaning "Gate". He composed hundreds of letters and books (often termed "tablets") in which he stated his messianic claims and defined his teachings, which constituted a new "sharí'ah" or religious law. His movement eventually acquired tens of thousands of supporters, was virulently opposed by Iran's Shi'a clergy, and was suppressed by the Iranian government leading to thousands of his followers, termed Bábís, being persecuted and killed. In 1850 the Báb was shot by a firing squad in Tabríz.
Summary.
The teachings of the Báb can be grouped into three broad stages which each have a dominant thematic focus. His earliest teachings are primarily defined by his interpretation of the Qur'an and other Islamic traditions. While this interpretive mode continues throughout all three stages of his teachings, a shift takes place where his emphasis moves to legislative pronouncements and to philosophical elucidation. In the philosophical stage, the Báb gives an explanation of the metaphysics of being and creation, and in the legislative stage his mystical and historical principles are explicitly united.
An analysis of the Báb's writings throughout the three stages shows that all of his teachings were animated by a common principle that had multiple dimensions and forms.
Three stages.
Intepretation of the Qur'an.
In his earliest years the Báb focused on explanations and commentaries on verses of the Qur'an, and on the teachings that represent "true Islam" "until the day of resurrection". During this time, while many Islamic injunctions remained in force in his writings, the Báb claimed that he had the authority to clarify issues relating to the details of Islamic Sharia. He used this genre against the grain of the established tradition, and he interpreted Islamic texts and traditions to transform, reverse and redefine the conventional meanings. For example, he tended to diverge from standard Muslim practices by making requirements stricter, such as enjoining additional prayers. Discussion of Shí'í millenarian themes were also an important part of the early works and gave his movement an apocalyptic edge; this was the day of the return of the Mahdi, of the victory and dominion of God. They gave the Bábí movement a widespread popular appeal.
His works frequently quoted and provided commentary on passages from the Qur'an. Unlike classical Qur'anic commentaries by theologians or Sufis, however, he usually commented on the meaning of the text letter by letter rather than the meanings of the words and sentences, allowing him to use a sacred text as a point of departure for revelation on a theme distantly related or even unrelated to the Qur'anic passage. The Báb's overall approach to texts and many Islamic doctrines was symbolic and metaphorical, and he often rejected literal interpretations of apocalyptic doctrines. While he sometimes used Sufi terminology, his reasoning and approach are distinct from any other school of thought. The Báb taught that the realm of language, as well as all other aspects of phenomenal reality, including natural and cultural objects were symbolic of a deeper spiritual meaning. He taught that everything that exists in the world is a sign that proclaims the sovereignty of God. In this way, reality is a type of language that consists of words and letters that celebrate the divine revelation in all things.
Legislative pronouncements.
The Báb's early doctrines started to change in 1848 when he abrogated Islamic shari'ah law. The Bábí shari'ah included its own form of pilgrimage to the Báb's house in Shiraz. A Bábí calendar of nineteen months of nineteen days was defined that started on Persian Naw-Ruz and included a four-day intercalary period (to raise the total days to 365, 19 times 19 being only 361). The last 19-day month, falling in March, was the Bábí month of fasting. Bábí obligatory prayer was different from Muslim practice as well, but was deemphasized compared to dhikr, repetition of various scriptural verses. Laws regulating marriage discouraged polygamy, forbade concubinage, and instituted a year of waiting before a divorce could be completed. Such laws, and the removal of any explicit need for women to veil themselves, potentially improved the status of women to a considerable degree. The Báb, however, never explicitly delineated a principle of equality of the sexes, and other regulations continued the separation of the sexes in public.
The themes of jihad and martyrdom also remained important in the Báb's writings. The Báb often wrote theoretically about jihad in the sense of armed struggle, but he never explicitly announced the beginning of a jihad, and he completely undermines the concept of jihad by defining holy war in a way as to make it contingent on impossible conditions, thus nullifying it. The various Bábí struggles appear to have primarily involved defensive jihad. Martyrdom, an immensely important theme in Shí'ism, was important to Bábís as well, with the siege of the Bábí fort at Shaykh Tabarsí being viewed as a Bábí recapitulation of the events of Karbila. Hundreds of individual Bábís were martyred in public, usually in ways that inspired admiration or even allegiance to their cause.
Several of the Báb's writings following his return to Chiriq in August 1848 to his execution in July 1850, such as the Kitáb-i-Asmá', discussed ritual practices largely unrelated to the actual circumstances of the Bábí community. The Báb's writings also contained many codified chronograms, cabalistic interpretations, talismanic figures, astrological tables, and numerical calculations, some of which appear to be similar to the Nuqtavi cabalistic symbolism. The number 19 appears in many parts of the Báb's writings, which also resembles Nuqtavi documents. While some elements found in the Nuqtavi school are confirmed in the writings of the Báb, the literal emphasis that the Nuqtavi school placed on letters as direct elements of divine creation are foreign to the Báb's teachings; his teachings have little to do with the issue of the actual letters or their literal divine character, but instead, concern a mystical world view where the sacred character of human beings is the image of God.
The Báb also developed legal principles that were intended to be implemented in a theocratic Bábí state if He whom God shall make manifest approved and implemented them. The rules of this state included the burning of non-Bábí books and the banning of non-Bábís from residence within its boundaries.
Philosophical elucidation.
In his later writings the Báb described the divine or eternal essence to be unknowable, indescribable and inaccessible. The Báb compared the divine to the sun which remains single, although it appears under different names and forms in the persons, prophets, whom it is in manifested in. Some of these teachings exhibit features common to earlier Shite sects such as the Ismailis and the Hurufis. However, his teaching on the need for successive "prophetic cycles" is completely an original conception. He also reinterpreted Shí'í eschatological terms, such as "resurrection", "Judgment Day", and "paradise" and "hell". He stated that "Resurrection" means the appearance of a new revelation, and that "raising of the dead" refers to the spiritual awakening of those who have stepped away from true religion. He further stated that "Judgment Day" alludes to the time a new Manifestation of God comes, and his acceptance or rejection by the Earth's inhabitants. Thus the Báb taught that with his revelation the end times had come and the age of resurrection had started, and that the end-times were symbolic as the end of the past prophetic cycle. Traditional Shí'í millenarian beliefs were reinterpreted so radically that few of the popular traditional expectations were left. Another constant theme in his works, especially in the Persian Bayán, is that of He whom God shall make manifest: a messianic figure who would come after him. Bábís were exhorted to leave a chair for him at all gatherings and constantly to be prepared to accept him.

</doc>
<doc id="19438002" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19438002" title="Étienne Fiacre Louis Raoul">
Étienne Fiacre Louis Raoul

Étienne Fiacre Louis Raoul (23 July 1815–30 March 1852) was a French naval surgeon and naturalist.
He was born in Brest, the son of a captain in the French Navy, and studied at the medical school in Brest. He was appointed surgeon, third class, in 1836. He took part in an expedition on the ship "L'Aube" under the command of Lieutenant Lavaud. He landed at the Bay of Islands in New Zealand on 11 July 1840, and departed three years later aboard "L'Allier".
After returning to Paris, he worked at the Muséum national d'histoire naturelle (National Museum of Natural History) under the direction of Adolphe Brongniart (1801–1876) and Joseph Decaisne (1807–1882) to describe and classify the large number of specimens collected during his stay in New Zealand. At the same time, he studied medicine and obtained his doctorate in 1844 with the thesis "Des rapports des maladies aigües et chroniques du cœur avec les affections dites rhumatismales" ("Reports of acute and chronic coronary diseases with rheumatic ailments").
In 1846 he published a book "Choix de plantes de la Nouvelle-Zélande" ("Selected plants of New Zealand"). After a short expedition to Africa in 1846, he became medical professor at the port of Brest in 1849. In 1851 he published "Guide hygiénique et médical pour les bâtiments de commerce qui fréquentent la Côte Occidentale d’Afrique" ("Sanitary and medical guide for merchant vessels visiting the West Coast of Africa").
The genus "Raoulia" was named after him by Joseph Dalton Hooker.

</doc>
<doc id="19438025" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19438025" title="Kinnock">
Kinnock

Kinnock is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="19438040" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19438040" title="Svenskehuset Tragedy">
Svenskehuset Tragedy

The location of Svenskehuset on Spitsbergen.
<noinclude>
The "Svenskehuset" Tragedy was an event in the winter of 1872–73 where seventeen men died in an isolated house on Spitsbergen, Svalbard. The cause of death was long believed to be scurvy, but research done in 2008 has revealed that the men probably suffered lead poisoning. "Svenskehuset" is today preserved as a cultural heritage site.
The tragedy.
"Svenskehuset" (the Swedish House) is the oldest house on Spitsbergen. The house was erected by the Swedes on Cape Thordsen in Isfjorden, and was intended to withstand the harsh conditions of the Svalbard winters. A group of Norwegian seal hunters were stuck on the island in the autumn of 1872. They sought out the Finland-Swedish explorer Adolf Erik Nordenskiöld, who at the time was conducting an expedition in the area, for assistance. Nordenskiöld did not have the resources to accommodate all the hunters, so it was agreed that a number of the men would make their way to "Svenskehuset", where they knew there would be food, coal and equipment. Seventeen men without families were selected, and on 14 October 1872 they set out for "Svenskehuset" in row boats. The journey was 350 km (220 mi), and it took the crew seven days to get to their destination.
Next summer a Norwegian ship, led by Fritz Mack from Tromsø, left Norway to rescue the stranded men. Outside the house they found five dead bodies wrapped in a tarpaulin. On the door, which was locked from the inside, there was a sign with a warning not to enter. Inside there were dead bodies scattered in chairs, on beds and on the floor. All together the expedition found fifteen bodies, which were taken out and buried in their beds. Two more bodies were discovered by a group of researchers a few years later. One of the sealers, Karl Albertsen, had kept a diary during his stay in the house. The diary told that a man named Hans Hansen had been the first to die, in November. By Christmas everyone in the house was ill. The last diary entry was written on 19 April. It is assumed that Albertsen was the penultimate man to die.
2008 expedition.
A remaining abundance of food and fuel ruled out the possibility that the men might have died from starvation or exposure. It was long believed that the men had died from scurvy; an ailment caused by lack of vitamin C, and common in polar regions. The men were generally berated as ignorant and careless. Some parts of the historical evidence were not consistent with death from scurvy, however. First of all, the men all seemed to have fallen ill at the same time, which would have been peculiar if scurvy had been the cause. Secondly, the diary shows that the group was familiar with the dangers of contracting scurvy, and how to avoid it. Death from tuberculosis, or botulism were other theories.
In 2007, doctor Ulf Aasebø and historian Kjell Kjær applied for permission to open the graves of the victims, to establish cause of death. Their suspicion was that the sealers had in fact died from lead poisoning, not from scurvy. The sealant on tin cans for food in the nineteenth century consisted of as much as fifty percent lead. At first the application was denied by the Norwegian Directorate for Cultural Heritage ("Riksantikvaren"), but after further elaboration on the scientific purpose and method of the study, permission was granted in July 2008.
The researchers stayed at Cape Thordsen from 7 to 9 August. Some of the graves contained bodies still in their beds, frozen into blocks of ice. These bodies were so well preserved that the expedition refrained from exploring them further. According to Dr. Aasebø these were remains rather than skeletons, and the permission granted, as well as ethical considerations, did not allow samples to be taken from these bodies. Two other bodies were buried in a shallow double grave, and from these skeletons samples were taken. The samples confirmed the theory, as the skeletons showed extremely high concentrations of lead. Furthermore, the tins that had contained the food had inside them "so much lead, that it hung like icicles inside the cans." The findings largely cleared the men of suspicions of negligence; according to Kjær the scientific expedition helped restore their posthumous reputation.

</doc>
<doc id="19438049" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19438049" title="Jack Daniel (disambiguation)">
Jack Daniel (disambiguation)

Jack Daniel is the founder of the Jack Daniel's distillery. Jack Daniel may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19438054" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19438054" title="Global U8 Consortium">
Global U8 Consortium

The Global U8 Consortium or the GU8 is an educational consortium of eight universities located in seaport cities in Australia, Brazil, China, France, Israel, Malaysia, South Korea and the UK.
About the GU8.
History.
The Global U8 Consortium (GU8) was proposed by Dr. Seoung-Yong Hong, President of INHA University, to address the challenges of establishing a globally recognised university curriculum, in response to the rapid onset of globalisation in the late 20th century. In 2004, a select group of leading universities which also shared the common geography of INHA - in being located within a seaport city of their respective home countries - were approached to form the new consortium.
In 2006, the Presidents and Chancellors of eight leading seaport universities; from Australia (RMIT University), China (Xiamen University), France (University of Le Havre), Israel (University of Haifa), South Korea (INHA University), UK (University of Hull) and US (University of Rhode Island and University of Washington), signed a "Memorandum of Understanding" in Incheon, South Korea, and officially established the Global U8 Consortium.
In 2008, a new "Memorandum of Understanding" was signed in Melbourne, Australia, after which the University of Fortaleza in Brazil and the University of Malaysia, Perlis in Malaysia, were admitted to the consortium. The new universities replaced the US-based universities, Rhode Island and Washington, which formally withdrew from the GU8.
Presidents of the GU8:
Objectives.
GU8 universities collaborate on three main objectives:

</doc>
<doc id="19438082" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19438082" title="Arp 173">
Arp 173

Arp 173 (VV 296, KPG 439) is a pair of galaxies in the constellation Boötes:

</doc>
<doc id="19438086" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19438086" title="Mickey Moran">
Mickey Moran

Mickey Moran () is a former Gaelic footballer and manager, who most recently managed Leitrim. He played for the Derry senior inter-county team in the 1970s and early 1980s, and played his club football for Watty Graham's Glen.
Moran is known to be one of the best trainers / coaches in the game and was part of the managerial backroom staff of Derry's 1993 All-Ireland Senior Football Championship-winning team, as coach of the side.
In his managerial career he has had three stints managing Derry and has also managed Sligo, Donegal, Mayo and Leitrim. He has also been in charge of various club sides and the Jordanstown university team. On 26 November 2011, he retired as Leitrim manager on health grounds.
His son Conleth was on the Derry minor side that won the 2002 Ulster Minor and All-Ireland Minor Championships.
Playing career.
Inter-county.
Moran was a very versatile player, evidenced by the fact he started left corner forward on Derry's victorious Ulster Championship team in 1975, and left half back when Derry successfully defended their Ulster title a year later. Moran was part of the Derry team that were beaten by Dublin a point in the 1975-76 National League final.
In 1978, he was chosen as an All Star replacement.
He won Derry Intermediate Championship medals with Glen in 1980 and 1983.
Managerial career.
Moran was Derry manager in the early 1980s at a young age. He was 29 years old and still a player when he took over the Derry managerial reins in 1980/81?.
He was manager of Omagh St. Enda's when they won the 1988 Tyrone Senior Football Championship.
When Eamonn Coleman was announced as Derry manager in September 1990/91?, Moran was appointed coach of the team. The duo helped lead Derry to the 1992 National League title, defeating Tyrone in the final. The following year Derry won the Ulster Championship and went on to win the county's first ever All-Ireland Championship. He is famed for his rousing half-time speech in the All-Ireland semi-final victory over Dublin.
Following the controversial sacking of Coleman after the 1994 campaign, Moran was appointed Derry manager in September 1994. Under his leadership, Derry won the 1994/95 National League, but unfortunately for Derry they were knocked out of the 1995 Ulster Championship at the semi-final stage and he quit soon after. Moran was in charge of Sligo for four seasons (1996-2000) and the county "made huge strides" under his leadership, including reaching the 1997 Connacht Senior Football Championship final.
Straight after managing Sligo, Moran with John Morrison as assistant was appointed as Donegal manager for the 2001, 2002 and 2003 seasons. During his tenure selector Michael Houston quit after a public falling out with Moran. Moran's first year in charge of Donegal was a disappointing one, but 2002 was more successful, leading Donegal to the Ulster final (where they were beat by Armagh) and then to the All-Ireland quarter-final against Dublin. However in September 2002 he informed the county board he would not be staying for the third year of the term. He was immediately linked with the vacant Derry job. His third spell as Derry manager was from 2003 to 2005. He led Derry to the 2004 All-Ireland semi-final, but they were defeated by Kerry. He was also appointed manager of Derry Under 21s at the time.
Moran was appointed manager of Mayo in October 2005. In his first season in charge he won the Connacht Championship and guided Mayo to the 2006 All-Ireland final after a brilliant comeback against Dublin in the semi-final proving one of the Championship highlights. Unfortunately for Moran and Mayo they were beaten by Kerry in the final. He stood down as Mayo boss a few weeks later, a few days after assistant John Morrison had stood down.
He was linked with the vacant Kildare position in September 2007, but the job eventually went to Kieran McGeeney. Moran was appointed Leitrim manager on 25 August 2008 ahead of the 2009 season, once again to be assisted by John Morrison. He resigned suddenly as Leitrim boss in late 2011, citing ill health as his reason, having already drawn up his plans for the 2012 season.
Moran was manager/coach of the Jordanstown football team for a number of years and along with Adrian McGuckin guided the university to victory in the 2008 Sigerson Cup. He has since stepped down following that success.

</doc>
<doc id="19438092" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19438092" title="Christian Schkuhr">
Christian Schkuhr

Christian Schkuhr (14 May 1741, Pegau – 17 July 1811, Wittenberg) was a German gardener, artist and botanist.
He studied at the University of Wittenberg; while continuing to work as a gardener, he also became a master of design and engraving. An adherent of Linnaean taxonomy, he devoted himself to studying the flora of Wittenberg.
The genus "Schkuhria" was named after him by Conrad Moench (now considered synonymous with "Sigesbeckia"). He is also commemorated with the genus "Platyschkuhria" (A.Gray) Rydb..

</doc>
<doc id="19438094" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19438094" title="Craig Rodwell">
Craig Rodwell

Craig L. Rodwell (October 31, 1940 – June 18, 1993) was an American gay rights activist known for founding the Oscar Wilde Memorial Bookshop on November 24, 1967, the first bookstore devoted to gay and lesbian authors and as the prime mover for the creation of the New York City pride demonstration. Rodwell is considered by some to be quite possibly "the" leading gay rights activist in the early homophile movement of the 1960s.
Rodwell was born in Chicago, IL. His parents divorced prior to his first birthday and for the next few years he was boarded out for day care where he was required to do kitchen labor and laundry to supplement his board and care. When he was 6 years old, Rodwell's mother, Marion Kastman, fearing that the child care set up could cause her to lose custody of her son, arranged for his admission to the Christian Scientist affiliated Chicago Junior School (later called the Fox River Country day School) for "problem" boys, in Elgin, IL. Conditions and treatment at the school were described as "Dickensian" and Rodwell got a reputation for being a rebellious child, as well as a "sissy," during his seven years there. It was at Chicago Junior School that Rodwell first experienced same-sex relationships and also came to internalize the Christian Scientist notion that "truth is power and that truth is the greatest good."
After graduating from the Chicago Junior School, Rodwell attended Sullivan High School in Chicago, IL. Rodwell continued his studies in Christian Science by enrolling in Sunday school at the 16th Church of Christ, Scientist. He later studied ballet in Boston before finally moving to New York City in 1958. It was in New York that he first volunteered for a gay rights organization, The Mattachine Society of New York
Harvey Milk.
In 1962, Rodwell had an affair with Harvey Milk, who went on later to become one of the first openly gay politicians elected to high office. It was Rodwell's first serious relationship. Rodwell's relationship with Milk ended in part due to Milk's conflicted reaction to Rodwell's early activism and his introduction to Milk of "strange new ideas that tied homosexuality to politics, ideas that both repelled and attracted the thirty-two-year-old Milk." Milk believed that Rodwell had been responsible for Milk contracting an STD. After Rodwell's arrest and incarceration when picked up cruising in Washington Square Park, Milk ended their romantic involvement. Shortly after, Rodwell attempted suicide.
When Rodwell opened the Oscar Wilde Memorial Bookshop in 1967, Milk dropped by frequently, and after moving to San Francisco Milk expressed his intention to Rodwell of opening a similar store "as a way of getting involved in community work." Milk eventually opened a camera store that also functioned as a community center, much like Rodwell's bookshop had as a community gathering place.
Early activism.
Also in 1967, Rodwell began the group Homophile Youth Movement in Neighborhoods (HYMN) and began to publish its periodical, "HYMNAL". Rodwell conceived of the first yearly gay rights protest, the Annual Reminder picketing of Independence Hall held from 1965–1969; Homophile Youth Movement rallies in 1967, and was present at the Stonewall Riots in 1969. He was active in the Mattachine Society until April 1966 and in several other early homophile rights organizations.
In early 1964 Rodwell, a Mattachine Society of New York volunteer, organized Mattachine Young Adults and was also an early member of East Coast Homophile Organizations (ECHO) and the North American Conference of Homophile Organizations (NACHO).
On September 19, 1964, Rodwell, along with Randy Wicker, Jefferson Poland, Renee Cafiero, and several others picketed New York's Whitehall to protest the military's practice of excluding gays from serving and, when discovered serving, dishonorably discharging them.
On April 18, 1965, Rodwell led picketing at the United Nations Plaza in New York to protest Cuban detention and placement into workcamps of gays, along with Wicker, Allen Ginsberg, Peter Orlovsky and about 25 others.
On April 21, 1966, Rodwell, along with Mattachine President Dick Leitsch and John Timmons engaged in a demonstration then called a "Sip-In" at Julius, a bar in Greenwich Village, to protest the (NY) State Liquor Authority rule against the congregation of gays in establishments that served alcohol. Rodwell had at an earlier date been thrown out of Julius for wearing an "Equality for Homosexuals" button. Rodwell and the others argued that the rule furthered bribery and corruption of the police. The resultant publicly led eventually to the end of the SLA rule.
First gay pride march.
In November 1969, Rodwell proposed the first gay pride parade to be held in New York City by way of a resolution at the Eastern Regional Conference of Homophile Organizations meeting in Philadelphia, along with his partner Fred Sargeant (HYMN vice chairman), Ellen Broidy and Linda Rhodes. The first march was organized from Rodwell's apartment on Bleecker Street. "That the Annual Reminder, in order to be more relevant, reach a greater number of people, and encompass the ideas and ideals of the larger struggle in which we are engaged-that of our fundamental human rights-be moved both in time and location.
<br>We propose that a demonstration be held annually on the last Saturday in June in New York City to commemorate the 1969 spontaneous demonstrations on Christopher Street and this demonstration be called CHRISTOPHER STREET LIBERATION DAY. No dress or age regulations shall be made for this demonstration.
<br>We also propose that we contact Homophile organizations throughout the country and suggest that they hold parallel demonstrations on that day. We propose a nationwide show of support.
Later activism.
Rodwell is believed to have created the term heterosexism in January 1971 when he wrote:
In 1978 Rodwell was one of the creators and organizers of Gay People in Christian Science (GPICS). Rodwell credits Kay Tobin with suggesting the idea for the group. One reason for the creation of the group was that three of its members had been recently excommunicated from the local branch church. In 1980 the group began to demonstrate by leafletting at the church's Annual Meeting in Boston and by 1999, six years after Rodwell's death, the Christian Scientist church no longer barred openly gay or lesbian people from membership.
Rodwell was the recipient of the 1992 Lambda Literary Award for Publisher's Service.
In March 1993, Rodwell sold his bookshop to Bill Offenbaker. Rodwell died on June 18, 1993 of stomach cancer.

</doc>
<doc id="19438101" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19438101" title="Midland Railway Johnson 0-6-0">
Midland Railway Johnson 0-6-0

The Midland Railway Johnson 0-6-0 were a class of locomotives serving Britain's Midland Railway system in the late 19th and early 20th centuries. Between 1875 and 1908 the Midland Railway, under the control of locomotive superintendents Samuel W. Johnson and Richard Deeley, ordered 935 goods tender engines of 0-6-0 type, both from the railway's own shops at Derby and various external suppliers. Although there were many (mostly small) variations between different batches both as delivered and as successively rebuilt, all 935 can be regarded as a single series, one of the largest classes of engine on Britain's railways. The locomotives served as late as 1964, but none of them now survive.
Builders.
They were built at the following plants:
Boilers.
The H and H1 boilers fitted to the "2736" and "3815" classes were larger, having a diameter of 4ft 8in rather than 4ft 1in, and a longer firebox, which made the engines more powerful. While these were being built there started a program of rebuilding many of the earlier engines (but not the first 2 classes) with the "H" boiler to increase their power. By 1915, 380 engines had been so upgraded, giving 450 with "H" and 485 with "B".
Beginning in 1916 engines were rebuilt with Belpaire boilers. Those from the first two classes ("1142" & "1357"), (none of which had received an "H") received the smaller "G6" type boiler (similar size to the "B"), the remainder the larger "G7" size (similar size to the "H"). The "H" & "G7" boilered engines were classed "3" (later "3F") and those with "B" & "G6" boilers were classed "2" (later "2F").
By 1925, production of the new superheated 4F 0-6-0s meant there was no shortage of goods engines of this power class, and from that point only "G6" boilers were installed on rebuilding, sometimes on engines which had previously had "H" boilers, reducing them back to class 2. Three of the later examples were experimentally fitted with superheaters from 1923 to 1928, but generally the class remained saturated throughout. One-hundred thirteen engines remained with their original "B" boilers until scrapped, 22 had "H" boilers, 432 had "G7" and 368 had "G6".
Dimensions.
As built.
The smaller driving wheels gave an enhanced tractive effort at the expense of reduced speed, which was useful on coal (and other mineral) trains.
Use on joint lines.
18 engines of "M" class were bought by the Midland and Great Northern Joint Railway in 1896 and 1899, numbered 58–73. Four eventually received "G7" boilers. They were taken into LNER stock in 1936, and classified J40 and J41.
Ten engines of "M" class were bought by the Somerset and Dorset Joint Railway in 1896 and 1902, numbered 62–66 and 72–76. All ended up with "G7" boilers and were taken into LMS stock as class 3F in 1930.
Numbering.
LMS.
The class all retained their numbers when they passed to the London, Midland and Scottish Railway (LMS) at the 1923 grouping, but in 1934 2900–2984 (all class 2F) had 20000 added to their numbers to make way for newer locomotives. The same happened to 3000–3019 in 1947.
British Railways.
At nationalisation those that were class 3F, along with other LMS locomotives, had 40000 added to their numbers by British Railways, but the class 2Fs were reorganised into a new series 58114–58310.
Withdrawal.
Withdrawal of the engines from service began in 1925, starting with unrebuilt engines, and continued until 1964. Despite the large number of locomotives of the class and their late survival, none were preserved.

</doc>
<doc id="19438114" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19438114" title="Jake Reed">
Jake Reed

Willie "Jake" Reed (born September 28, 1967 in Covington, Georgia) is a former professional American football player who played for 12 seasons in the National Football League as a wide receiver from 1991 to 2002 for the Minnesota Vikings and the New Orleans Saints. 
Reed played football collegiately at Grambling State University and was selected by the Vikings in the 3rd round of the 1991 NFL Draft, a pick that the Vikings acquired in the Herschel Walker Trade.
NFL career.
Reed had four 1,000 yard seasons in his career with a career high of 85 receptions in 1994. He was second in receiving yards in the NFL with 1,320 in the 1996 season. Reed finished his career with 450 receptions for 6,999 yards and 36 touchdowns.
In 1994, Reed combined with fellow recevier Cris Carter for 207 receptions, which was an NFL record at the time. Carter and Reed combined to become the first teammate duo to amass 1,000 yards each in four consecutive seasons. Reed was NFC Offensive Player of the Month in September 1997 after 34 catches for 521 yards. Reed would also make 12 plays of 50+ yards with Minnesota, second in team history.
Personal life.
He is married to Vinita Gibson Reed. He has 3 children, Laslo, JR and Jaevin Reed. They currently reside in the state of Texas.

</doc>
<doc id="19438129" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19438129" title="Mike Potter">
Mike Potter

Mike Potter may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19438137" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19438137" title="Iberian schematic art">
Iberian schematic art

Iberian schematic art is the name given to a series of prehistoric representations (almost always cave paintings) that appear in the Iberian peninsula, which are associated with the first metallurgical cultures (the Copper Age, the Bronze Age and even the start of the Iron Age). Its chronology is still a matter for debate, but it could span from the fourth up to the first millennium BC, overlapping, at its start, with Levantine Art and surviving marginally in some isolated regions during much later stages.
Its main characteristic, and that which gives it its name, is the schematic, that is, a figurative style in which only the basic fragments of each figure are represented (eliminating all the rest); what's more, the representation is so basic that the graphic elements are converted into mere outlines, but without losing the minimal identifying features. In fact, the schematic phenomenon is considered somewhat more precise and problematic, and it is integrated in a wide movement which affects almost all of Europe and the Mediterranean.
It could be said that the schematic phenomenon has global dimensions, although each region, including the Hispanic, has its own, differentiating aspects.
The schematic phenomenon in the Iberian peninsula.
Schematics in art is a concept linked to realism (a figurative representation more or less faithful to nature, with concrete details which allow the easy identification of the figures), stylization (also figurative, but which accentuates certain details considered arbitrarily important, repeating and distorting them until they lose their real shapes), and abstraction (representations completely unconnected with reality which are associated with a philosophical symbolism and which, although they may unconsciously contain some real elements, such a link is not possible to prove).
Even if one only takes the peninsular ambit into account, schematic art lacks uniformity, it spans quite a wide chronology and its geography is too wide, which makes its study difficult and makes it almost impossible to establish cultural phases or regions.

</doc>
<doc id="19438138" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19438138" title="OpiumRoz">
OpiumRoz

OpiumRoz () is the debut studio album of Russian girlband Serebro. It was released 25 April 2009 by Moonlit Records in Russia, and 2 March 2010 by Symbolic Records. It was produced by Maxim Fadeev and some of Serebro themselves. The album originally had a projected release date of 17 October 2008 but due to problems with the tracklist the release had been delayed. The album was later released April 25, 2009 in their native Russia. The album was later released through iTunes worldwide by the Finnish record label Symbolic Records.
Both versions of the album feature 11 tracks in total and include their debut single and Eurovision Song Contest 2007 entry ""Song #1"". Marina Lizorkina's vocals feature on both versions, though she left group in June 2009 (before the international release). It didn't chart in any major album charts. The album received critical acclaim from critics, but had less commercial success calling it an amazing taste of music genres of Pop, rock and Electro. 
The album was recorded in Moscow, Russia by their management group Moonlit Records.
Background and recording.
After Serebro achieved third place in the Eurovision Song Contest 2007, the group was signed with Russian record label, Monolit Records. The band mostly did their work in Moscow, Russia, the bands mainland as the label was its current location. The band recorded 11 tracks for the album, 6 English tracks were planned for the album and the remaining 5 tracks were recorded in Russian. The group recorded in 2007 through to 2008, and planned for a 17 October 2008 release once the album had finished recording. Serebro and their management struggled with the tracklist when it came to narrowing down the choice of recorded tracks and because of this the album was delayed. After the band recorded songs, and released the four songs from it, the bands member Marina Lizorkina later separated from the band, due to financial and personal reasons.
My Vzletaem.
While the production of "OpiumRoz", another released CD, was said as an indication of a compliation album was released in 2010. It features all the songs of "OpiumRoz", only it features more songs such as live tracks, remixes and Song#1 alternative versions. It was released as a compact disc and also received positive reception.
Promotion.
To promote their debut album, Serebro organised an outdoor concert on April 25, 2009 at Poklonnaya Hill, Moscow where fans were free to attend. Band member Elena Temnikova said of the concert: "We do not want to organize a feast during the plague, to make the grand presentation with champagne and caviar, as it is in our show business. In a difficult economic situation in Russia and in the world to arrange a costly celebration on the occasion of the release is not right. Therefore, we decided to make a presentation in an unusual format—an open, completely free concert. We spoke to people who supported us over the past two years, who were anxious for us, listening to our songs, have been and remain our loyal fans. They were waiting for the release of this album for two years and, as a sign of gratitude, we gave these people our music." Other acts were asked to perform alongside Serebro and the line-up included Band'Eros, Mitya Fomin, Total and two new Maxim Fadeev projects, Voron and China. The group performed all songs featured on the album to a crowd of 70 thousand fans, an impressive turnout for the group's first solo project.
The album produced four singles, more were planned for release but this was cancelled after Marina Lizorkina's departure from the group in 2009. In March 2010, the album was released through iTunes worldwide by the Finnish record label Symbolic Records.
Before releasing "Izbrannoe", the band released a small album called "My Vzletaem". It is mostly related to OpiumRoz, with hidden and unreleased tracks from the sessions. Song #1 was also released with different versions, like Silver, Blue and Green versions. Te album, also being charted at number 224,115 on Amazon.com, didn't beat OpiumRoz much. It also had a favourable review from a customer.
The fourth single to be released from the album, ""Скажи, не Молчи"", was later re-recorded to include the vocals of new group member Anastasia Karpova, Marina Lizorkina's replacement. The re-recorded single was not released to airplay or the album but has been included on the group's EP, "Izbrannoe", as a remixed single.
Reception.
Critical.
"OpiumROZ" had received positive reviews from independent critics. NewsMusic.ru said it is that half the album is "hard experimental songs" like The Prodigy and Depeche Mode. The review said that "Sound Sleep" saying "the five-minute psychedelic art-rock with magical sketch whisperings and scope of ethnic ostinato riffs that sends almost to Pink Floyd. Made from the heart, but without the extension.
Commercial response.
On 25 April 2009, Serebro released "OpiumRoz" in Russia. It had much more attention in Russia, Latvia and Ukraine than in other countries. On Amazon.com, it was released by Moonlit Records. On 2 March 2010, OpiumRoz was released on iTunes by a Finnish label, Symbolic Records.
In the US and Oceania, it has had moderate success, but Song #1 was very popular.
Digital removal.
Around the end of 2012, "OpiumRoz" was removed from iTunes worldwide. From some reports, Symbolic Records had lost the publishing rights of the studio album hence why the studio album was removed from digital retails. Not long after, the album was also removed from Amazon.com without an excuse why.
All the groups releases, including Mama Lover and EP's remained on the iTunes accounts and this now means that "OpiumRoz" could be counted as a collectors item phyically and digitally. The album's songs, including non-singles like "Angel Dust", "We Take Off" and "Under Pressure", can still be searched on live streaming music websites.

</doc>
<doc id="19438147" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19438147" title="OpenWebNet">
OpenWebNet

OpenWebNet is a communications protocol developed by Bticino since 2000.
The OpenWebNet protocol allows a "high-level" interaction between a remote unit and Bus SCS of MyHome domotic system. The latest protocol evolution has been improved to allow interaction with well-known home automation systems like KNX and DMX512-A system, by using appropriate gateways.
The OpenWebNet protocol is disclosed on MyOpen community.
OpenWebNet Protocol.
The protocol is thought to be independent from the used technology. For example, it is possible to use a supervisor software connected via Ethernet, via serial RS-232 or via USB to a gateway that is directly connected to a domotic system.
Everyone can require protocol message extension. It is enough to propose your own RFC. It will be examined and disclosed if it respects "OpenWebNet" syntax.
Syntax.
An "OpenWebNet" message is structured with variable length fields separated by the special character '*' and closed by '##'.
The characters admitted in the fields are numbers and the character “#”.
The structure of a message is therefore:
The following fields are admitted:
WHO
WHAT
WHERE
DIMENSION
VALUE
WHO
It characterizes the domotic system function to which the OpenWebNet message is referred.
For example: WHO = 1, characterizes the messages for lighting system management.
WHAT
It characterizes an action to do or a status to read. For every WHO (and therefore for every function) there is a specific WHAT table.
The field WHAT can also contain optional parameters: WHAT#PAR1#PAR2… #PARn.
Example of actions: switch ON light, dimmer to 75%, switch DOWN shutter, radio ON, etc. 
Example of status: light ON, active alarm, battery unload, etc.
WHERE
It characterizes the set of objects to which the OpenWebNet message is referred. It can be a single object, a group of objects, a specific environment, the entire system, etc.
For every WHO (and therefore for every function) there is a specified WHERE table.
The tag WHERE can also contain optional parameters: WHERE#PAR1#PAR2… #PARn.
Example of where: all the lights of group 1, sensor 2 of zone 1 of alarm system, etc.
DIMENSION
Is a range of value that characterizes the dimension of the object to which the message is referred. For every WHO (and therefore for every function) there is a specific DIMENSION table.
It’s possible to require/to read/to write the value of one dimension.
Every dimension has a prefixed number of values, described in VALUE field.
Example of dimension: sensor temperature, loudspeaker volume, firmware version of a device, etc.
VALUE
It characterizes the read/written value of a written/required/read dimension.
Message.
There are 4 types of OpenWebNet Message:
"Command / Status Message"
"Status Request Message"
"Request/Read/Write Dimension Message"
Request:
Read:
Write:
"Acknowledge Message"
ACK:
NACK:
Gateway OpenWebNet.
It's possible to interact with the SCS home automation bus by using a specific gateway.
There are two typologies of gateways that allow a connection to the field bus by using different standard protocols:
Gateway Ethernet
The current implementation by BTicino is also an embedded web server. It works as a translator between OpenWebNet messages via TCP/IP and the SCS messages transmitted on the SCS bus.
Actually it is possible to control three different kinds of buses:
The ethernet gateway offers two modes of authentification.
Gateway USB / RS232
The gateway is an interface that works as a translator between the OpenWebNet messages transmitted on USB or Serial and the SCS messages transmitted on the SCS bus.
Example.
OpenWebNet message examples
Command Message
Switch Off of light 77
WHO = 1
WHAT = 0
WHERE = 77
Status Message
Scenario 1 of scenario unit 23 activated.
WHO = 0
WHAT = 1
WHERE = 23
Request status message
Status request of probe 1
WHO = 4
WHERE = 1
Request Dimension Message
Request of Temperature Measured, probe 44
WHO = 4
WHERE = 44
DIMENSION = 0
Read Dimension Message
Temperature Measured, probe 44
WHO = 4
WHERE = 44
DIMENSION = 0
VALUE1 = 0251 (T=+25,1°C)
VALUE2 = 2 (System in "cooling mode")
Write Dimension Message
Volume set at 50%, environment 2
WHO = #16
WHAT = #2
WHERE = #1
DIMENSION = 1
VALUE1 = 16

</doc>
<doc id="19438166" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19438166" title="Bill Dalton (footballer)">
Bill Dalton (footballer)

William 'Bill' Dalton (born 23 April 1872) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Fitzroy in the Victorian Football League (VFL).
A dual premiership player, Dalton played beside his younger brother Jack in Fitzroy's 1898 premiership team and was a half forward flanker in the premiership the following season.

</doc>
<doc id="19438183" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19438183" title="Francis Gawdy">
Francis Gawdy

Sir Francis Gawdy QS (died 15 December 1605) was a British judge. He was the third son of Thomas Gawdy, and was baptised Thomas Gawdy, as were his two older half-brothers. Francis then had his name changed at his Confirmation, establishing legal precedent that a name given at baptism could be changed at confirmation. He may have studied at Trinity Hall, Cambridge, matriculating in 1545, and was called to the bar at Inner Temple in 1549, becoming a bencher in 1558 and treasurer in 1571. He served as a reader at Lyon's Inn in 1561 and at Inner Temple in 1566 and 1571. He had an unremarkable parliamentary career, elected to represent Morpeth for the 1571 election, but focused mainly on his legal career. He was made Serjeant-at-law in 1577 and Queen's Serjeant in 1582, and as Queen's Serjeant opened the prosecution against Mary, Queen of Scots. In 1563 he married Elizabeth Coningsby, who was described by Sir Henry Spelman as 
Perhaps because she believed (correctly) he had cheated her out of interest from Eston Hall, her ancestral home. He also obtained Fincham Hall and Wallington Hall which had been in the possession of Elizabeth's father, William Coningsby's family. Collinsby had been the recorder in King's Lynn
Gawdy succeeded his elder brother, the middle Thomas Gawdy, as a justice of the King's Bench in 1588, and took part in many of the major trials of this period, including that of Sir Walter Raleigh in 1603, and was knighted the same year. Gawdy apparently expected to succeed Sir William Peryam as Lord Chief Baron of the Exchequer, but James I informed him he was being saved for a more senior position when it became available, appointing Sir Thomas Fleming instead. In August 1605 Gawdy was appointed Chief Justice of the Common Pleas, a position he did not get to enjoy, dying of apoplexy on 15 December at Serjeant's Inn. He had one daughter who was also called Elizabeth.
After his death his body was brought from London to Wallington and it is said that they could find no place to bury his body as he was refused space locally. (Gawdy had depopulated the town around his hall and converted the church to a dog kennel or hay store.) As the smell of the body became offensive he was eventually buried without ceremony at Runcton church and only paving stones were used to cover the grave. The parish register at Runcton records that he was buried in the chancel by the local parson on 27 February (although the differing calendars would account for much of this apparent delay).
It was noted in 1829 that Wallington church was in ruins although the Hall was well repaired. Wallington Hall which has been described as a "Tudor Rose in Bloom". The house still stands today in nearly near Kings Lynn and was valued at five million pounds in 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="19438223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19438223" title="Friedrich Kasimir Medikus">
Friedrich Kasimir Medikus

Friedrich Kasimir Medikus (or Friedrich Casimir Medicus; 1738–8 July 1808) was a German physician and botanist.
He was born at Grumbach and became director of the University of Heidelberg and curator of the botanical garden at Mannheim. He encouraged the cultivation of locust trees ("Robinia") in Europe.
The genus "Medicusia" was named after him by Conrad Moench (now considered synonymous with "Picris").

</doc>
<doc id="19438234" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19438234" title="Anthony Plog">
Anthony Plog

Anthony Plog (born November 13, 1947 in Glendale, California, United States) is an American conductor, composer and trumpet player. From 2006 to 2007, he held the Roy Acuff Chair of Excellence at Austin Peay State University.

</doc>
<doc id="19438237" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19438237" title="Vladimir Danchev">
Vladimir Danchev

Vladimir Danchev was a newscaster at Soviet radio in Moscow, who is famous for calling on the Afghan people to resist the Soviet invasion of their country on May 23, 1983. His controversial encouragement of armed resistance against the Russian military outraged many of his countrymen. However, according to the American political analyst Noam Chomsky and other commentators, his principal transgression was that he embarrassed the Soviet government by contradicting their official ideology, by describing the presence of Soviet forces in Afghanistan as an “invasion.” According to the party line, Russia was not invading Afghanistan; it was defending the Afghan people against terrorists who were funded by foreign sources (the USSR was referring to the Mujahedin and the CIA). Danchev was subsequently temporarily removed from the air and sent to a psychiatric hospital. He was praised in the U.S. media as a hero of free speech and free thought. 

</doc>
<doc id="19438247" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19438247" title="Bulldogs Liege">
Bulldogs Liege

Bulldogs Liege is a Belgian ice hockey team playing in the Belgian Hockey League, the highest level of ice hockey featuring all-Belgian teams. They play their home games at Patinoire de Coronmeuse in Liège.
Current roster.
Staff:

</doc>
<doc id="19438256" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19438256" title="Salahudin Arware">
Salahudin Arware

Salahudin Arware (Thai สาลาฮูดิน อาแว;, born November 1, 1983) is a Thai footballer. He plays for Thai Premier League clubside Air Force Central. He won the league championship in 2008.
In 2010. He was signed from Muang Thong United to Buriram PEA F.C. in the Thai Premier League.
He transferred to PTT Rayong in 2011.
International career.
On the back of performing extremely well in the Thailand Division 1 League and helping his clubside to the league championship, Salahudin was called up to the full national side in coach Peter Reid's first squad announcement. He was called up with 35 other players to the 2008 T&T Cup hosted by Vietnam.
He made his debut against North Korea on October 28, 2008 in the T&T Cup 2008.
Salahudin was a member of the victorious T&T Cup 2008 winning squad.

</doc>
<doc id="19438259" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19438259" title="Cleo Coyle">
Cleo Coyle

Cleo Coyle is the pen name for author "Alice Alfonsi", who collaborates with her husband Marc Cerasini to write the Coffeehouse Mysteries for Berkley Prime Crime, a division of Penguin Books. This series of cozy mysteries is set in and around a fictional coffeehouse in the Greenwich Village neighborhood of New York City.
Biography.
Alice Alfonsi and Marc Cerasini grew up with Italian parents in working-class neighborhoods of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. Alice Alfonsi graduated from Carnegie Mellon University in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania; Marc Cerasini graduated from Ohio University in Athens, Ohio. In New York, Alice Alfonsi worked as a journalist and book author; Marc Cerasini as a magazine editor, literary critic and fiction and nonfiction author. The couple met in Manhattan and married at the Little Church of the West in Las Vegas.
The writers live in New York City where they publish books independently and together. Alice was the ghost writer for "Hidden Passions", ISBN 0-06-107605-8, a novel based on the off-beat, then-NBC soap opera "Passions". The book spent seven weeks on the 2001 "New York Times" hardcover fiction bestsellers list. Marc Cerasini has written four novels in the "" series of original Jack Bauer adventures based on the Emmy-winning Fox Broadcasting television show "24". Marc has also written two original prose novels featuring the Marvel Comics character Wolverine.[http://www.ugo.com/channels/comics/features/marvelprose/marccerasini_1.asp] His nonfiction includes "The Future of War: The Face of 21st Century Warfare" (Alpha Books, 2003, ISBN 0-02-864431-X), with an introduction by Colonel Jimmy Butler, United States Air Force (Ret.).
Among their co-authored projects are the Haunted Bookshop mysteries, written under the pen name Alice Kimberly.

</doc>
<doc id="19438263" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19438263" title="Heliotropium stenophyllum">
Heliotropium stenophyllum

Heliotropium stenophyllum is a species of plant in the Boraginaceae family. It is endemic to Chile. Its natural habitats are semi-desert coastal areas of Northern Chile, in the 3 and 4 Region.

</doc>
<doc id="19438267" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19438267" title="Y. P. Trivedi">
Y. P. Trivedi

Y. P. Trivedi is a member of the Nationalist Congress Party of India. He is also a member of Board Of Director in Reliance group of Industries.
He is presently a Member of the Parliament of India representing Maharashtra in the Rajya Sabha, the upper house of the Indian Parliament.His term is 2 April 2008 to 2 April 2014.
References.
He was born and brought-up in surat.

</doc>
<doc id="19438279" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19438279" title="Bharatkumar Raut">
Bharatkumar Raut

Bharatkumar Raut is a member of the Shiv Sena of India.
He is presently a Member of the Parliament of India representing Maharashtra in the Rajya Sabha, the upper house of the Indian Parliament. His term is 2 April 2008 to 2 April 2014.
Career.
Bharat Kumar Raut took over as editor of Maharashtra Times. He changed the face of the newspaper in 2002 turning it into a youth centric paper. In 2002, Bharat Kumar Raut felt the need to revamp the newspaper as it had not undergone any change since its inception. He felt that its already captured audience was aged and mostly above 60 years. To sustain its growth and spread in Maharashtra he realized the need to attract the new generation. The newspaper saw change in the following aspects:
• Layout: It was the first Marathi newspaper to go full colour and have skylines on every page. They introduced fliers into the newspaper.
• Content: The newspaper stopped focusing on politics and gave prominence to civic issues and the needs of students. Catering to its young audience, it started using common English terms in its articles like computers, world, sports etc. This they did because they noticed that many Maharashtrian youth studied in English medium schools and this practice would help them understand the newspaper better. It was the first Marathi newspaper to cover Sports news. It was the first Marathi newspaper to carry obituaries.
Ever since, the newspaper’s circulation has increased tremendously in Maharashtra. 

</doc>
<doc id="19438287" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19438287" title="Canoeing at the 1972 Summer Olympics – Men's slalom C-2">
Canoeing at the 1972 Summer Olympics – Men's slalom C-2

These are the results of the men's C-2 slalom competition in canoeing at the 1972 Summer Olympics. The C-2 (canoe single) event is raced by two-man canoes through a whitewater course. The venue for the 1972 Olympic competition was in Augsburg.
Results.
The 20 teams each took two runs through the whitewater slalom course on August 30. One team did not start either run. The best time of the two runs counted for the event.

</doc>
<doc id="19438295" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19438295" title="Bill Potter">
Bill Potter

William 'Bill' Potter (born 8 February 1872) was an Australian rules footballer who played for Fitzroy in the Victorian Football League (VFL).
Potter, who debuted in 1898, was a follower and participated in each of the first three VFL Grand Finals. Aside from the 1898 and 1899 Fitzroy premierships he played in their losing 1900 Grand Final side.

</doc>
<doc id="19438297" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19438297" title="Rs1800532">
Rs1800532

In genetics, rs1800532 (A218C) is a genetic variant.
It is a single nucleotide polymorphism in the "TPH1" gene and located in intron 7.
It has been examined in relation to personality traits.
A779C is another SNP in same intron.

</doc>
<doc id="19438307" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19438307" title="San Jose Sico">
San Jose Sico

San Jose Sico (officially Barangay San Jose Sico) is one of the 105 barangays constituting Batangas City, Philippines. It's a rural settlement situated about east of Poblacion. Forests, streams, low-rolling hills, fruit-bearing trees, and crops are substantially everywhere in the locality. Residential and commercial areas are usually located along the national and minor roads. 
The landfill and one of the two relocation sites of Batangas City is located in the community. On the other hand, Batangas Electric Cooperative II and Meralco provide electricity to Brgy. San Jose Sico while telephone communication and Internet connectivity are both guaranteed by PLDT. Access to potable water is administered by various artesian wells and pumping stations.
Brgy. San Jose Sico is also the birthplace of a Filipino actor, Ahron Villena.
External link.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19438320" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19438320" title="Nereid (disambiguation)">
Nereid (disambiguation)

A Nereid is a sea nymph in Greek mythology.
Nereid or Nereids may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19438326" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19438326" title="Matti Saari">
Matti Saari

Matti Saari may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19438331" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19438331" title="Kawin Thamsatchanan">
Kawin Thamsatchanan

Kawin Thamsatchanan (, born 26 January 1990 in Bangkok) is a Thai footballer who plays for Muangthong United as a goalkeeper. He has represented his country at U-23 and main level respectively. Kawin's nickname is "Flying Kawin" due to his spectacular flying saves.
Club career.
Kawin Thammasatchanan was born on January 26, 1990 in Bangkok, Thailand. Kawin begun his youth career in 2006 with Raj Pracha and also made a debut with the team in 2007. In 2008, a former Thai division 2 champions, Muangthong United signed Kawin at age of 18. Later in his first season with Muangthong United, Kawin firmly secured his first team status and helped the club win division 1 title in the same year. After the club promoted to Thai Premier League in 2009-2010 season, the young goalkeeper led the team to winning Thailand's top division title twice in a row in 2009 and 2010. 
In October 2010, Bryan Robson, a Manchester United legend and Thailand international's head coach at the time spoke to United's goalkeeping coach, Eric Steele, in suggestion to take a look at Kawin. However, Kawin broke his wrist and the injury caused him to left out of action for months, as well as his glimpse of hope of taking trial at Manchester United faded away. After months of recovering his injury, Kawin returned and has been enjoying his performances and helping his club in 2011 title race.
The club finish 3rd in 2010-2011 title race, The champions were Buriram PEA. However, Kawin mostly stayed out of the blame for the club's disappointment as he performed on the par for most of the season.
In the start of 2013 while competing in the 2013 Lunar New Year Cup, Kawin collided against Chris Dickson. Resulting in a broken shin which kept him out for 7 months. After returning to the pitch in the second leg of the Thai Premier League he dislocated his shoulder and tore some of his ligaments in a match against TOT S.C., therefore he couldn't play for the rest of the season.
In September 2013, V.Vachiramethi a famous Thai monk advised him to add two thai alphabets to his name, therefore Kawin decided to change his name from กวิน to กวินทร์. His new name means a great and powerful man. Despite the change the pronunciation of the word is still the same as the old name.
International career.
Kawin had debut his first senior caps in 2010 King's Cup against Singapore at Nakhon Ratchasima province. Recently, under the management of Winfried Schafer, Kawin has been dropped to a substitution of Sintaweechai Hathairattanakool. He was the starting goalkeeper of the tournament in the 2012 AFF Suzuki Cup.
He represented Thailand U23 in the 2013 Southeast Asian Games.

</doc>
<doc id="19438342" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19438342" title="Szymczak">
Szymczak

Szymczak is a Polish surname, and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19438373" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19438373" title="Tránsito Cocomarola">
Tránsito Cocomarola

Mario del Tránsito Cocomarola (San Cosme, Corrientes, August 15, 1918 - September 19, 1974) was an Argentine musician and folklorist, and is known as one of the most influential figures of chamamé. His repertoire of about 400 compositions included some classics such as "Kilometro 11", "Puente Pexoa", and "Rincón dichoso" y "Retorno".
In the 1930s and 40s he joined several musical ensembles, such as "Los hijos de Corrientes", el "Trío típico Correntino", "Los Kunumí", and the "Trío Taragüí". In 1942 he recorded his first album in the Odeon, which would later kick start a solo career that lasted until the year of his death. He played alongside most great figures of the genre, including: Roque L. Gonzalez, Juan Ayala, Antonio Niz, the duo Veron-Palacios, the duo Vera-Lucero, the Trio Lisardo Caceres-Evaristo Reyes-Hipolito Argentino Vargas, and singers like Gregory Molina, Julio Godoy, Luis Soloaga, Irenaeus Ramirez, Carlos Ramirez, Elpidio Miño Veron, Juan Ojeda, and Alejandro and Alfredo Almeida.
After a complication during a gall bladder operation, he died on September 19, 1974. In Corrientes, the Provincial Act No. 3278 established that date as the "Chamamé Day." He was posthumously named "Illustrious Citizen of the City of Corrientes".

</doc>
<doc id="19438378" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19438378" title="Upper Ottawa Street (Hamilton, Ontario)">
Upper Ottawa Street (Hamilton, Ontario)

Upper Ottawa Street is an Upper City (mountain) arterial road in Hamilton, Ontario, Canada. It starts off at Mountain Brow Boulevard in the north and extends southward where it ends just past Rymal Road at the South Hamilton Industrial Park. It is a two-way street throughout. As with most of the "Upper" streets, their addresses start at roughly the point where their lower counterpart finishes just below the Escarpment and were originally labelled without the "Upper" prefix.
History.
Named Upper Ottawa Street because it is in approximate alignment with Ottawa Street in Lower City Hamilton. Ottawa Street is known as the "Fabric & Textile District" and is Hamilton's "Decor Destination." 
In actuality, it is aligned with Balmoral Avenue South, which runs from Lawrence Road (south) to Barton Street East (north).
Major intersections.
"Note #1: Listing of streets from North to South."

</doc>
<doc id="19438401" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19438401" title="Alf McDougall">
Alf McDougall

Alf McDougall (born 30 November 1876) was an Australian rules footballer who played for Fitzroy in the Victorian Football League (VFL).
McDougall was the match winner in his debut game against Carlton, kicking two goals in a low scoring affair. He played as a forward pocket in the Fitzroy premiership teams of 1898 and 1899. In 1900 he appeared in his third successive Grand Final, as a centre half forward, but finished on the losing side.

</doc>
<doc id="19438416" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19438416" title="Ed Swearingen">
Ed Swearingen

Edward J. Swearingen (born September 1925) in Lockhart, Texas is an aeronautical engineer based in San Antonio, Texas.
Life.
Swearingen is notable for developing modifications from existing production aircraft such as the Piper PA-30 Twin Comanche from the Piper PA-24 Comanche single engine series, the Swearingen Merlin turboprop aircraft from the Beech Model 50 Twin Bonanza. Mr.Swearingen also has developed original aircraft designs such as the SX-300 experimental airplane and Sino Swearingen SJ30-2 executive jet.

</doc>
<doc id="19438421" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19438421" title="IMINT Image Intelligence AB">
IMINT Image Intelligence AB

Image Intelligence - IMINT AB is a software company in the aerospace industry based in Sweden.
History.
The company was founded in 2007 by Jakob Sandström and Harald Klomp. In 2008 the private investment company Professionell Ägarstyrning i Sverige AB and Uppsala University holding company Uppsala Universitets Utvecklings AB invested in the company. The company is based in Uppsala, Sweden.
During 2008 the company also been awarded monetary prices from both Vinnova and NUTEK.
On 6 April 2009, Imint was selected by Stockholm Innovation & Growth (STING) as one of the 26 hottest young technology companies in Sweden.
Company.
IMINT - Image Intelligence AB is specialized in computervision software for unmanned aircraft systems, UAS.
Products.
The main product is Ihvert. Ihvert is a real time video enhancement software. The software can run on a standard rugged laptop such as Panasonic Toughbook series. The product was officially launched at DSEi in September 2009 and is claimed to double the performance of small systems and extend the range of larger systems.
Aircraft.
The software is currently used with the following UAVs 

</doc>
<doc id="19438431" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19438431" title="Surat Sukha">
Surat Sukha

Surat Sukha (), born July 27, 1982 is a Thai international footballer who plays for Buriram United. 
Club career.
Chonburi.
In Chonburi Surat played as a defender and as a midfielder. He helped his team win the 2007 Thailand Premier League.
Melbourne Victory.
Thailand international recruited from Chonburi FC in Thailand. Surat Sukha joined Melbourne Victory following a successful stint with Chonburi, where he was part of the Thai club's AFC Champions League 2008 and AFC Cup 2009 campaigns. Sukha made his international debut for Thailand in 2008 and joined Melbourne Victory for two years in 2009. 
Surat joined 2-time A-League champions, Melbourne Victory, for a transfer fee of ฿1.5million (A$57,700) on 14 May 2009 on a 2 year deal worth A$140,000 "I am very proud, happy and excited to be the first player (from south-east Asia) to play in the A-League." he said.
He made his first appearance for his new club substituting in the 78th minute of the game on 15 August 2009 and made his first line-up at Melbourne Victory in a 1-0 win over North Queensland Fury on 20 August 2009.
Melbourne Victory has secured Surat for an additional year after he extended his contract with the club until 2012. 
Buriram United.
In July 2011 he was released by Melbourne, after the club had agreed to an unknown transfer fee for Thailand Premier League club Buriram PEA. It was also claimed that Sukha's family was not happy living in Australia, and this had an impact on his decision to leave the Victory. It was reported that he gets 300,000 bath per month at Buriram. Surat played for Buriram in the 2012 AFC Champions League. He also played in the 2013 AFC Champions League for Buriram. Surat won the 2013 Thai Premier League with his team.
International career.
On the back of performing extremely well in the Thai Premier League with Chonburi, Surat was called up to the full national side in coach Peter Reid's first squad announcement, He was called up with 35 other players to the 2008 T&T Cup hosted by Vietnam.
Style of Play.
He is a Defensive Midfielder who can also play as a Defender.
Personal life.
Surat's twin older brother Suree is also a footballer and plays for Buriram as a right back.

</doc>
<doc id="19438438" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19438438" title="Galene">
Galene

Galene can refer to: 

</doc>
<doc id="19438461" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19438461" title="Comcast Arena (Everett)">
Comcast Arena (Everett)

Comcast Arena at Everett (originally Everett Events Center) is a $83.3 million multi-purpose complex, in Everett, Washington, designed and developed by the City of Everett Public Facilities District. The arena opened in September 2003.
The 10,000-seat venue has hosted a variety of concerts and other types of performances. A few events that have showcased at Comcast Arena at Everett include Ringling Brothers Circus, moto cross, and family shows such as Disney on Ice, Harlem Globetrotters, Sesame Street Live and a myriad of others.
The venue served as the host for 2008 Skate America, a three-day ice-skating championship featuring world class skaters. The events were both nationally and internationally televised on NBC. It was the first event of six in the 2008-2009 ISU Grand Prix of Figure Skating, a senior-level international invitational competition. This was Skate America's largest attendance ever recorded in its history.
Hockey.
Comcast Arena is the home of the Everett Silvertips, a Western Hockey League franchise. In their first season (2003–04) the Everett Silvertips were led by former NHL Head Coach Kevin Constantine, to win the WHL Western Conference Championship. Since then, the Everett Silvertips have gone on to set a record for the most wins and points for an expansion team. Throughout their six seasons in Everett, the Silvertips have welcomed well over 1.3 million fans into the arena while accumulating 201 wins as they have proven to be the exemplary threat in the Western Hockey League.
Indoor football.
Starting in 2012, Comcast Arena will be home to the Everett Raptors of the Indoor Football League.
Lacrosse.
In 2010, Comcast Arena became home to the Washington Stealth of the National Lacrosse League. The franchise was previously known as the San Jose Stealth, and before that the Albany Attack. The National Lacrosse League announced on June 27, 2013 that the Washington Stealth will relocate for the upcoming season. The team will preserve its nickname in the move. Further details will be announced at press conference on July 2, 2013.
Banked Track Roller Derby.
Comcast Arena is also home to the Tilted Thunder Rail Birds, a Seattle based, all-female, banked track roller derby league. [http://www.tiltedthunder.com/about]
Previous tenants.
The arena was also home to the International Basketball League's Everett Explosion for one season in 2007 before they moved to Monroe and were renamed the Snohomish County Explosion, where they currently play as of 2008. Comcast Arena has also hosted arena football for three years (2005–07). The Everett Hawks being a primary football tenant in the arena played for the NIFL in their first season at Everett going undefeated at 14-0, but lost in the semifinal to the Tri-Cities Fever. The team switched to af2 in 2006 and became a minor-league team where they didn't find much success which lead to their folding in 2007.
Conference Center.
The Edward D. Hansen Conference Center is a $12 million center located in the same building as the arena. The conference center was designed by H2K Design and Botesh, Nash & Hall as a world class facility that includes state-of-the-art amenities with an unmatched versatility. This aesthetically innovative three story facility includes a ballroom that is capable of accommodating 800 guests. In addition to the ballroom the conference center has three executive meeting rooms ranging from 700-900 square feet which makes for the ideal private meeting space. The Northwest’s premier conference center hosts over 200 events annually ranging from meetings, tradeshows, banquets, galas, receptions and much more. The conference center is also home to the City of Everett’s collection of art masterpieces which includes artwork from the Pilchuck Glass Collection.
Ice Rink.
The Comcast Community Ice Rink is a NHL regulation 200' x 85' ice rink that is located inside Comcast Arena at Everett. It is an enormous public ice skating rink, which is used for public skating, local hockey leagues, figure skating, instructional sessions and much more. Currently the rink is open year round, and has the versatility to transform into a space that has the capability to host trade shows, expositions, consumer shows and special events.

</doc>
<doc id="19438475" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19438475" title="Namgar">
Namgar

Namgar (Buryat: Намгар) is a 4-piece music group that performs traditional Buryat and Mongolian music. 
Its leader Namgar Lhasaranova comes from the east borderland where three countries, Russia, Mongolia, and China meet. She inherited a rich singing tradition of the Buryat people who reside in Russian regions of Buryatia and Agin Buryat Region. The group necessarily comprises singing of Namgar Lhasaranova and instrumentalists from Mongolia. Instruments of the group include morin huur, chanza, traditional percussion, etc.
Background.
Namgar Lhasaranova performed solo or with modern groups at local and international venues since 1980 in a variety of genres including traditional songs, jazz and pop. It was in 2001 in Moscow that she and Evgeny Zolotaryov created a permanent group inviting Mongolian musicians Kh. Altangerel on morin huur and Jamyangiin Urantögs on yatag.
Their notable distinction from Mongolian groups are dance tunes extinct in Mongolia since 17th century, and the endorsement of Buryat tradition with minimum inclusion of songs from 20th century.
History.
Launching Moscow concerts in March 2001, the group performed at the international festival Riddu Riđđu (Norway) in July 2001 along with Hedningarna, Wimme, Sainkho, Mari Boine, Chirgilchin etc. The collaboration with the festival continues until today (2008), while the group became the official representative of the festival in Russia. 
There were several appearances of the group at Russia's major TV channels and concert venues. For some years they would also open exhibitions of a leading Buryat sculptor Dashi Namdakov in Moscow. 
Namgar's debut CD titled Hatar (Dance), was recorded and issued in October 2003 by Moscow World Music label Sketis Music. It attracted several international reviews, including Dirty Linen that would endorse both the music and the cover design by Dashi Namdakov (selecting just 2 CDs out of half a dozen Sketis CDs directed to them for review). 
In 2005 Namgar performed at the Rainforest world music festival in Malaysia, in 2007 at Shark Taronalari festival in Uzbekistan, and in 2008 at Alianait Art Festival in Canada. 
In 2006–2007, Namgar were invited to take part in two film soundtracks by Alexei Aigui and his Ensemble 4'33". One of these works was for TV detective serial "Syschik Putilin" (2007), partly staged in Mongolia, and its CD included three tracks by the group, issued as Alexei Aigui / The Prince Of The Wind. Ensemble 4'33", Moscow Film Orchestra, 2008.
In late 2000s, they evolved their repertoire to include compositions with strongly changing rhythm and key. In late 2008, they completed a new album "Nomad" that comprises songs in at least three styles: traditional Mongolian/Buryat music, pop music, and ethno-rock.
They opened 2009 with their first visit to the US for NYC's GlobalFest. On January 9, they were on air on WFMU radio in Transpacific Sound Paradise, played at globalFEST at Webster Hall on January 10, 2010, making it to the "New York Times", and on January 12, they played in Kennedy Center for the Performing Arts in Washington, D.C., getting back to New York on January 14 to play at the Shrine.
In 2012, Namgar returned to New York City for an exclusive chamber engagement at 287 Spring Art Gallery & Performing Space in SoHo (www.287Spring.com).

</doc>
<doc id="19438477" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19438477" title="Peter E. Hildebrand">
Peter E. Hildebrand

Peter E. Hildebrand earned his PhD from Michigan State University in 1959 in Agricultural Economics. He joined the University of Florida faculty in 1979 and retired on July 1, 2003. During that time, he served as Director and Professor for IFAS International Programs, Agricultural Economics (1972-1999), and as a professor of Food and Resource Economics. Hildebrand's international background encompasses work in over 31 countries over 35 years. 
At the University of Florida, Hildebrand developed innovative methodological approaches to training research and extension programs to reach food producers in the United States and abroad. He developed many of the basic ideas and approaches are the foundation for the Farming Systems Research and Extension methodology. He was the founding president of the global Association for Farming Systems Research and Extension. He coordinated the University of Florida Farming Systems Program, coordinated the University of Florida Women in Agricultural Development Program, and provided support for the University of Florida Gender, Environment, Agriculture and Participation Program. His research is in the area of farming systems research-extension methods, gender analysis, small-farm livelihood systems, and tropical conservation and development.
In retirement, Hildebrand has continued his research including working on the development of the "International Farming Systems Collection", a digital collection within the University of Florida Digital Collections that collects teaching, research, and extension resources pertaining to the Farming Systems approach to international agricultural development.

</doc>
<doc id="19438483" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19438483" title="Sujin Naknayom">
Sujin Naknayom

Sujin Naknayom(Thai สุจินต์ นาคนายม), born January 5, 1979) is a Thai footballer. He is currently playing for PTT Rayong in the Thai Premier League.

</doc>
<doc id="19438484" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19438484" title="Ribbon (disambiguation)">
Ribbon (disambiguation)

A ribbon is a thin band of flexible material, typically of cloth. This may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19438494" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19438494" title="Halimede">
Halimede

Halimede can refer to: 

</doc>
<doc id="19438498" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19438498" title="Kelly Robinson">
Kelly Robinson

J. H. Kelly Robinson (born 21 November 1873) was an Australian rules footballer who played for Fitzroy in the Victorian Football League (VFL).
Robinson was recruited to Fitzroy from the Collingwood Imperials. He was a wingman in Fitzroy's 1898 and 1899 premierships and also played in their losing 1900 Grand Final team. At one stage in his career he was fortunate enough to play in 19 consecutive wins. Robinson kicked just one goal in his career, against Collingwood in the opening game of the 1900 season.

</doc>
<doc id="19438506" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19438506" title="Jobawi">
Jobawi

A jobawi is a type of traditional Korean winter cap with earflaps which was worn by women and was made of silk. Since its first appearance in the late Joseon period, it has been widely worn as a substitute for the "ayam" (a cap with a big ribbon on the back). Although the "jobawi" was worn by the upper class as well as by commoners, it was mostly used by the yangban aristocracy of that time as a decorative headgear when they went out. In addition, the "jobawi" was worn not only as formal headgear, but also for special occasions. Even though a wearer was not in formal attire, if she wore a "jobawi", the overall outfit could be considered as simple formal clothing.
The "jobawi" does not cover the top of the head just like other unisex winter caps such as the "ayam", "nambawi" and the "pungcha". But it fully covers the forehead and the ears on the sides with round earflaps to protect against the cold. The outer surface is generally made of several varieties of silk called "sa" (사, ) or "dan" (단, ) while its inner surface is made of "dan", "myeongju" (명주, more lustrous silk), or cotton.
Tassels are attached to both front and back side of the "jobawi"; they can also be adorned with jewelry. Some "jobawi" were decorated with accessories made from silver, jade, agate or other gems on the left and right side of the forehead as well as on the bottom part of the back side. The front and back of the "jobawi"'s top are loosely linked by a string which either consists of coral beads or is made of silver strings in a floral or simple braid.
There were "jobawi" embroidered with beads or adorned with "geumbak" (gold leaf decoration) which were usually worn by children or young females. The patterns of the "geumbak" were usually flowers or letters in hanja reading "bugwi" (부귀, , wealth and honors), "danam" (다남, , many sons), "subok" (수복, , long life and happiness), or "gangnyeong" (강녕 , happiness and peace). This decoration was on the edge of the "jobawi". At present, baby girls wear such "jobawi" on the occasion of their "doljanchi", which celebrates their first birthday.

</doc>
<doc id="19438510" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19438510" title="War Child Presents Heroes">
War Child Presents Heroes

War Child Presents Heroes is a 2009 charity album devoted to the War Child charity's aid efforts in war-stricken areas, such as Iraq, Uganda, Afghanistan and the Democratic Republic of Congo. With a theme of "placing faith in the next generation," the concept of the album is to have music legends select a track from their own canon and nominate an artist from the next generation to create a modern reworking of that song. 
The album was recorded over six months in London, Manchester, Paris, Berlin, New York, and Los Angeles, and mastered at Abbey Road Studios in North London. Previous War Child charity albums include "The Help Album" (1995), "1 Love" (2002), and "" (2005).
Release.
While initial reports indicated the album would be released on 24 November 2008, on 7 October it was announced that the release date would be pushed back to February 2009 due to an overwhelming interest from musicians hoping to contribute to the compilation. On 17 December, a release date of 16 February 2009 was announced.
Track listing.
North American Edition.
The album has a different sequence in North America, including an additional track by Adam Cohen.

</doc>
<doc id="19438514" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19438514" title="Sarawut Janthapan">
Sarawut Janthapan

Sarawut Janthapan (Thai ศราวุฒิ จันทพันธ์), born April 26, 1984) is a Thai footballer. He plays for Thai Division 1 League clubside Nakhon Ratchasima.
He played for Chonburi FC in the 2008 AFC Champions League group stages.
Honours.
Clubs

</doc>
<doc id="19438539" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19438539" title="Jack Alderman">
Jack Alderman

Jack Alderman (29 May 1951–16 September 2008) was, at the time of his execution, the longest-serving death row prisoner in the USA who has been executed. He had remained on death row for over 33 years.
History.
Alderman was born 29 May 1951.
On 14 June 1975 he was convicted for his part in the killing of his wife Barbara Jean Alderman and given the death sentence by the Superior Court of Chatham County, Georgia. His wife was beaten to death with a crescent wrench and choked before being dumped into a creek.
On 1 April 1985, at a new sentencing trial, he was again sentenced to die.
A Timesonline article states: "Alderman’s co-defendant, John Brown, a drug addict and alcoholic, confessed to the murder, but then changed his story to implicate Alderman. Brown claimed that he and Alderman killed Mrs Alderman together, and that Alderman promised to pay him for his role in the killing. There was no forensic evidence and Alderman was convicted only as a result of statements provided by Brown."
The prosecutors, however, maintained that Jack Alderman attempted to defraud $20,000 from his wife's life insurance.
Marcel Berlins of The Guardian wrote:
"Alderman had claimed from the start he was innocent, even refusing to enter into plea bargains that would have spared his life, because that would have meant admitting his culpability".
Alderman, Georgia Department of Corrections# 385463, was held at the Georgia Diagnostic and Classification Prison in Jackson, Georgia.
Constitutionality of lethal injection.
On 19 September 2007, an execution date for Jack Alderman, there was a temporary stay while the Supreme Court decided on the constitutionality of lethal injection.
Legal action and campaigning.
The Law Society, the Bar Council and the charity Reprieve, all organizations in Europe, called on the United Kingdom's then Foreign Secretary, to use diplomatic channels to stay the execution of American convict Alderman and end what they called the “gross injustice of 34 years”. They also sent letters to the Governor and Attorney-General of Georgia and its Board of Pardons and Paroles. Alderman was represented free-of-charge by the London law firm Clifford Chance.
Execution.
He was executed by lethal injection by the US State of Georgia on 16 September 2008.
Jack Alderman was pronounced dead at 7:25 p.m. EDT at the Georgia Diagnostic and Classification State Prison.

</doc>
<doc id="19438541" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19438541" title="Arp 47">
Arp 47

The designation Arp 47 (APG47, VV 435) represents two interacting galaxies in the constellation Puppis.

</doc>
<doc id="19438554" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19438554" title="Stella Mann College of Performing Arts">
Stella Mann College of Performing Arts

Stella Mann College of Performing Arts is an independent, co-educational performing arts school and college specialising in dance and musical theatre. The college is located in the Harpur area of Bedford, Bedfordshire, England.
Overview.
Founded by the dance teacher Stella Mann (24 January 1912 - 5 January 2013) in 1946, the college began as dance school located in Hampstead, London. In 2003, the college moved to its present location in Bedford in a building previously occupied by Middlesex University. 
Stella Mann College provides vocational training in dance and musical theatre. The college prepares students for a career in the performing arts and has a history of feeding artists into West End theatre and dance companies. 
Key areas of study include classical ballet, tap, jazz and contemporary dance, singing and drama. Candidates who complete the course are awarded either the "National Diploma in Professional Dance" or the "National Diploma in Professional Musical Theatre". The college is accredited to the Council for Dance Education and Training and its qualifications are accredited by Trinity College, London. Both qualifications are rated at Level 6 on the National Qualifications Framework and despite being classed as further education, are equivalent to higher education courses such as an undergraduate degree. 
The college is one of the 21 schools selected to allocate Dance and Drama Awards, a government funded scholarship scheme to subsidise vocational performing arts training. The college is an approved centre of the Imperial Society of Teachers of Dancing and students have the option to study for nationally recognised dance teaching qualifications with the organisation.
Alongside its professional training, the college operates a part-time lower school, which teaches dance and theatre skills to children of pre-vocational age. Children are prepared for examinations with the Imperial Society of Teachers of Dancing and take part in an annual school production.

</doc>
<doc id="19438557" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19438557" title="Nikorn Anuwan">
Nikorn Anuwan

Nikorn Anuwan(Thai นิกร อนุวรรณ), born April 26, 1978) is a Thai footballer. He plays for Thailand Premier League clubside Pattaya United.
He played for Chonburi FC in the 2008 AFC Champions League group stages.

</doc>
<doc id="19438564" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19438564" title="William Ashbrook Kellerman">
William Ashbrook Kellerman

William Ashbrook Kellerman (May 1, 1850 Ashville, Ohio – March 8, 1908) was an American botanist, mycologist and photographer.
Biography.
He received his Bachelor of Science degree from Cornell University in 1874. After graduation, Kellerman was hired as Professor of Natural Sciences at the Wisconsin State Normal School, a position he held for five years. During this time, in 1876, he married Stella Victoria Dennis.
In 1879, the Kellermans moved to Germany, where he attended the Universities of Göttingen and Zurich, where he obtained his Ph.D. in 1881. They returned to the U.S., and he was appointed Professor of Botany and Zoology at the State College (now University) of Kentucky in Lexington. In 1883, he joined the Department of Botany and Zoology at the Kansas State College of Agriculture (now Kansas State University) in Manhattan. He also became state botanist and wrote a pamphlet on the flora of Kansas. In 1891 he became professor of botany at Ohio State University.
He studied the smuts (fungal diseases) of wheat and oats, and demonstrated that hot water is an effective fungicide. With Benjamin Matlack Everhart and Job Bicknell Ellis, in 1885 he founded the "Journal of Mycology", now "Mycologia". In 1904 he began making annual botanical expeditions to Guatemala. It was there in 1907 that he contracted a fever, and he died after returning to the U.S.

</doc>
<doc id="19438602" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19438602" title="Neso">
Neso

Neso can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19438626" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19438626" title="Stop Living the Lie">
Stop Living the Lie

Stop Living the Lie was written by musician, singer and songwriter David Sneddon, and was his No 1 debut release single 2003. The single was released on 13 January 2003 and during its first week it charted at number one in the UK singles chart, as well as reaching number seven in Ireland. The song was from his debut No 5 UK Album charts Seven Years - Ten Weeks album. Sneddon performed the song on the BBC's Fame Academy show, which he went on to win in December 2002.
Track listing.
Both the CD and cassette editions featured the radio edit of the song, a cover of Wet Wet Wet's Goodnight Girl. and an acoustic version of Elton John's Don't Let the Sun Go Down on Me, a song he performed live during the Fame Academy final shows.

</doc>
<doc id="19438627" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19438627" title="Pountney">
Pountney

Pountney is a surname, and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19438634" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19438634" title="Forensic Medicine Division">
Forensic Medicine Division

The Forensic Medicine Division of the Applied Sciences Group of the Health Sciences Authority is a forensic medical consultancy service of the government of Singapore. The Centre provides professional consultancy services in the field of forensic medicine, primarily to law enforcement in support of the coronial death investigation system in Singapore as well as criminal investigations into homicidal deaths. The Division operates a mortuary facility in Block 9, a Singapore General Hospital building along Outram Road.
History.
In the 1960s to 1980s, the Department of Forensic Medicine (DFM) was a section within the Department of Pathology under the Ministry of Health. In 1989, it was known as the Department of Forensic Medicine within the Institute of Science and Forensic Medicine (ISFM). When the Health Sciences Authority (HSA) of Singapore came into being in April 2001, DFM was renamed the Centre for Forensic Medicine and became one of seven centres within the Health Sciences Authority. With effect from 1 August 2008, it is renamed the Forensic Medicine Division, a part of the Applied Sciences Group, Health Sciences Authority.
From the 1960s, the section and then Department of Forensic Medicine was led by the late Professor Chao Tzee Cheng, who is deemed by many to be the "Father of Forensic Medicine" in Singapore. Prof Chao had been involved in many high-profile homicides and had documented some of them in his book "Murder is my Business". The current Divisional Director is Dr. Paul Chui.
Services.
FMD provides medical consultancy services to the State Coroner in support of death investigation in Singapore. It also provides forensic medical consultancy on request in clinical forensic cases. It also provides technical support to the Singapore Police Force in the handling of sexual assault kits. Autopsy services for non-Coroner's cases are also available on request.
The Division is staffed by Forensic Pathologists, Technical support officers, Mortuary technicians and administrative staff. It has been accredited by the National Association of Medical Examiners (NAME), successfully in 2005, the first centre to achieve accreditation outside of North America. The late Professor Chao Tzee Cheng, generally acknowledged as the Father of Forensic Medicine in Singapore, was the first professional head. Dr Wee Keng Poh took over the helm in the late 1990s. The team is now headed by Dr Paul Chui since April 2001.
The mortuary facility resides on the ground floor of Block 9 along Outram Road. Prior to this location, the mortuary was located at the present junction of Second Hospital Avenue and Outram Road. Presently, the facility houses a main autopsy suite as well as an adjoining x-ray facility and an isolation autopsy suite. Originally built in the early 1980s, it was extensively renovated and upgraded in March to June 2003, during the SARS outbreak in Singapore. Part of the upgrading in 2003 included a larger public waiting area, incorporation of biosafety systems and practices; and re-orientation of the internal layout with sequestration of claiming areas. Transformational change to the grounds meant that trees and shrubs that once hid the building from view for decades were pruned to introduce more natural lighting to the compound as well as the waiting area; to alleviate the sense of gloom and doom and the sense of fear and trepidation to passers-by as well as leading to overall improvement of security in the compound.

</doc>
<doc id="19438646" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19438646" title="Intelliquip">
Intelliquip

Intelliquip, LLC develops browser-based software also known as the Intelligent Front-End. The basic function of the company's software is to automate the front-end sales process for complex equipment. The software is specialized for the fluid handling equipment industry and is compatible with pumps, compressors, valves, blowers, turboexpanders, heat exchangers, actuators, filters, seals, couplings, motors, and variable-frequency drives.
The Intelligent Front-End is composed of three main products: the Intelliquip Selector, the Intelliquip Configurator, and the Intelliquip Quote Manager. Together, these products create an integrated application that allows users to quickly select, configure, price, and quote complex products.
Intelliquip was founded in July 2000 by Dave Brockway, Tryg Dahl, Mike Joy, and David Tress. The company's headquarters and primary software development office is located in Bethlehem, Pennsylvania, with an additional sales office in Orlando, Florida. Intelliquip’s multilingual and multicurrency implementations have been completed with large and small companies located across the globe, including North America, Europe, India, and Asia.
Intelliquip's browser-based software incorporates the concept of software as a service (SaaS), which is a means to deploy a subscription-based, hosted service that users access via the Internet, without the need to install software on a user's computer. The SaaS platform for Intelliquip’s Intelligent Front-End allows its clients to deploy selection and configuration solutions for their equipment directly to their internal sales force and their sales channels.
The company has licensed Firepond's patented, core configurator engine for use in its software. Intelliquip is also a member of the Hydraulic Institute, the largest association of pump industry manufacturers in North America. It is part of the Hydraulic Institute's Electronic Data Exchange Committee to participate in a project with FIATECH to adopt AEX cfiXML schemas and implement them in Intelliquip's software. This initiative is developing standards to automate information exchange for the design, procurement, delivery, installation, operation, and maintenance of engineered equipment.

</doc>
<doc id="19438663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19438663" title="Udorn Pimpak">
Udorn Pimpak

Udorn Pimpak (Thai อุดร พิมพ์ภาค), born February 7, 1982) is a Thai footballer. He plays for Thailand Premier League clubside Royal Thai Navy F.C., after previously playing for Rajnavy Rayong and Chonburi FC.

</doc>
<doc id="19438682" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19438682" title="United States Power Soccer Association">
United States Power Soccer Association

The United States Power Soccer Association (USPSA) is the governing body of power soccer in the United States. 
It was formally established in July 2006 as the US affiliate member of FIPFA. It was accepted as an affiliate member of the United States Soccer Federation on February 19 2008. 

</doc>
<doc id="19438687" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19438687" title="Teerasak Po-on">
Teerasak Po-on

Teerasak Po-On (Thai ธีระศักดิ์ โพธิ์อ้น), born May 18, 1978) is a Thai footballer. He has head coach and player for Thai Premier League clubside Chiangrai United.
Po-On played for Thailand at the 1997 FIFA U-17 World Championship in Egypt.
Honours.
Clubs

</doc>
<doc id="19438696" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19438696" title="Alex Keddie">
Alex Keddie

Alex Keddie is a Scottish footballer who plays as a defender for Arbroath.
Career.
He started his career in the youth team of Leeds United, where he won the FA Youth Cup.
Keddie also holds an honours degree in Chartered Surveying from Glasgow Caledonian University.
Keddie won promotion to the SPL during the 2010-11 season with Dunfermline Athletic, becoming a regular starter in the latter part of the season. After a fairly unimpressive second season with the Pars, which culminated in relegation and an immediate return to the SFL First Division, he was released at the end of the 2011-12 season along with a number of other first team players including Club Captain, Austin McCann. Keddie made 36 SPL starts in central defence for the Pars, who conceded 82 goals that season.
Keddie signed for Arbroath during the summer of 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="19438718" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19438718" title="Watcharapong Mak-klang">
Watcharapong Mak-klang

Watcharapong Mak-klang (Thai วัชรพงษ์ มากกลาง ), born June 13, 1985) is a Thai footballer. He plays for Thailand Premier League clubside Sriracha.
Honours.
Clubs

</doc>
<doc id="19438731" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19438731" title="Roger Draper">
Roger Draper

Roger Draper is the former Chief Executive of the Lawn Tennis Association; his tenure ended September 2013. 
Mike Downey, formerly Chief Executive of Tennis Canada, has been appointed to succeed him on 6 January 2014. Previously Draper was chief executive of Sport England from 2003 to 2006.
Draper's tenure was widely criticised for failing to increase levels of participation among ordinary people, and not producing more talented tennis players with the funding the LTA received from, among others, the All England Club, Sport England and its own commercial interests.
After his salary at the LTA was revealed to be £640,000 in 2012, Draper and the LTA received further criticism, including from Baroness Billingham, the Chair of Parliament's All-Party Tennis Group.

</doc>
<doc id="19438736" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19438736" title="Ministry of International Trade and Investment (Ontario)">
Ministry of International Trade and Investment (Ontario)

The Ministry of International Trade and Investment in the Canadian province of Ontario is responsible for promoting Ontario to the world and attracting new investment and trade opportunities for Ontario workers.
Formerly the Ministry of Economic Development and Trade, it was created in September 2008 when international trade was given its own portfolio. It was later merged with the Ministry of Economic Development and the Ministry of Small Business

</doc>
<doc id="19438745" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19438745" title="Ivana Peters">
Ivana Peters

Ivana Peters (Serbian Cyrillic: Ивана Петерс), born Ivana Pavlović (Ивана Павловић, August 22, 1974, in Belgrade, SFR Yugoslavia) is a Serbian Pop rock singer-songwriter, composer and musician, the leader of pop rock band Negative.
Private life.
She was married to Aleksandar Peters, guitar player of the group Sunshine, and they have a daughter named Sara.

</doc>
<doc id="19438752" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19438752" title="Phanuwat Jinta">
Phanuwat Jinta

Phanuwat Jinta (Thai ภานุวัฒน์ จินตะ ), born January 6, 1987) is a Thai footballer. He plays for Chainat Hornbill in Thailand Premier League.
He played for Chonburi FC in the 2008 AFC Champions League group stage.
Honours.
Clubs

</doc>
<doc id="19438766" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19438766" title="Polsat News">
Polsat News

Polsat News is a Polish news channel, launched on 7 June 2008 at 7:00 AM (UTC+1). Being a part of the Polsat Network, Polsat News is owned by Polsat Group. It is available over Cyfrowy Polsat, Cyfra+ and UPC Poland digital platforms in Poland. It is broadcast on Hot Bird 6, 11158V, 27500 3/4.
History.
Polsat News started broadcasting on 7 June 2008 thirty seconds before the 7 AM hour (UTC+1). Polsat News is the first Polish news channel to broadcast in 16:9 format. From 7 June to 14 July the channel was broadcast in test emission. Up to September, the channel was broadcast as FTA.
The live programme is broadcast from 6 AM to 24 AM (UTC+1). The news programmes are broadcast every half an hour. The channel hires about 400 people.
On 1 August 2008 Polsat News started broadcasting adverts.
Programmes are split into three parts: morning - "Nowy Dzień" ("New Day"), afternoon - "To jest dzień" ("It's the day") and evening - "To był dzień" ("That Was a Day").
On 6 June 2008 Polsat News opened a TV studio, in which its programs are recorded and where "Wydarzenia" (main Polsat news program) are recorded. Its cost was €6,000,000.

</doc>
<doc id="19438771" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19438771" title="Dake">
Dake

Dake is a surname, and may refer to;

</doc>
<doc id="19438778" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19438778" title="Manuela Velasco">
Manuela Velasco

Manuela Velasco Díez is a Spanish TV hostess and actress. She was born in 1975 in Madrid, Spain.
Velasco starred in the Spanish horror film "REC" and its sequel "REC 2". She is also set to star in the fourth and final installment, "". In 2007, she won the Goya Award for Best New Actress for her performance in "REC".

</doc>
<doc id="19438779" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19438779" title="Canoeing at the 1972 Summer Olympics – Women's slalom K-1">
Canoeing at the 1972 Summer Olympics – Women's slalom K-1

These are the results of the women's K-1 slalom competition in canoeing at the 1972 Summer Olympics. The K-1 (kayak single) event is raced by one-person kayaks through a whitewater course. The venue for the 1972 Olympic competition was in Augsburg.
Results.
The 22 competitors each took two runs through the whitewater slalom course on August 30. The best time of the two runs counted for the event.

</doc>
<doc id="19438785" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19438785" title="Kriangkhai Pimrat">
Kriangkhai Pimrat

Kriangkrai Pimrat (Thai เกรียงไกร พิมพ์รัตน์ ), born February 20, 1987) is a Thai footballer. He plays for Thailand Premier League clubside Suphanburi.
He played for Chonburi FC in the 2008 AFC Champions League group stages.
Honours.
Clubs

</doc>
<doc id="19438796" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19438796" title="Uncial 085">
Uncial 085

Uncial 085 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), ε 23 (Soden), is a Greek uncial manuscript of the New Testament, dated palaeographically to the 6th century.
Description.
The codex contains two small parts of the Gospel of Matthew 20:3-32; 22:3-16 on 3 parchment leaves (24 cm by 21 cm). Written in two columns per page, 27 lines per page (size of text 17 by 13.5 cm).
The letters are similar to Coptic. The pages are numbered in the same way as Coptic manuscripts.
Text.
The Greek text of this codex is a representative of the Alexandrian text-type with some alien readings. According some authorities the text has mixed character. Aland placed it in Category II.
Matthew 20:23
History.
Currently it is dated by the INTF to the 6th century. The manuscript was written in a Coptic monastery. 
The codex formerly was in Cairo. Now is located at the Russian National Library (Gr. 714) in Saint Petersburg.

</doc>
<doc id="19438813" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19438813" title="Doha College">
Doha College

Doha College is a school located in Doha, Qatar. Doha College (or DC) was founded in the 1980s. It has a student body of over 1,200 people from 58 nationalities.
The school is academically selective. The school is sponsored by the British Embassy and is a not for profit organisation.
History.
The school opened in 1980 to meet the growing demand of a British curriculum in the country and is one of the oldest schools teaching the British curriculum in the region.
Curriculum.
The School follows a British Curriculum.
Students from Pre-School to year 9 follow the National Curriculum of England and Wales.
In years 10 to 11 the students take part in GCSE's where many subjects are available for the students to choose from.
Admission.
To gain admission in the school students must sit an entrance test before which a form fee of Qr 200 must be paid regardless of whether or not admission is gained.
There is a Qr 10,000 security deposit that needs to be paid, followed by a yearly Capital fee of Qr 5000. The fee structure for the school is as follows:
Campus.
The schools intake is from normal admissions as well as from DESS campus and the new West Bay Campus gifted by the Supreme Education Council Qatar.
The schools current campus in Al Waab boasts: 
West Bay campus is primary only (pre-school to year 6) and will open in September 2013 with 670 school places. The West Bay campus is located in Al Farouq Street behind University Petrol Station. The school has also announced plans for its new campus. Which is planned for September 2016.
As well as this students and staff also use the nearby rugby club.
Competitions.
The schools hosts many competitions with others schools in the country and in the region as well as this some students have participated in International competitions such as the British junior games.
Expeditions and Trips.
During their school years students take part in many expeditions and trips some of which are:
As well as these students take part in international and national competitions.

</doc>
<doc id="19438818" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19438818" title="Cholratit Jantakam">
Cholratit Jantakam

Cholratit Jantakam (, born June 2, 1985) is a Thai footballer. He plays for Thailand Premier League clubside Chonburi.
He played for Chonburi FC in the 2008 AFC Champions League group stages.
International career.
On the back of performing extremely well in the Thailand Premier League, Cholratit was called up to the full national side in coach Peter Reid's first squad announcement. He was called up with 35 other players to the 2008 T&T Cup hosted by Vietnam.
He made his debut against North Korea on October 28, 2008 in the T&T Cup 2008.
Cholratit was a member of the victorious T&T Cup 2008 winning squad.
He was a member of the 2012 AFF Suzuki Cup.
In 2013 he was called up to the national team by Surachai Jaturapattarapong to the 2015 AFC Asian Cup qualification. In October, 2013 he played a friendly match against Bahrain.
In October 15, 2013 he played against Iran in the 2015 AFC Asian Cup qualification.

</doc>
<doc id="19438830" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19438830" title="Roswell Magill">
Roswell Magill

Roswell Foster Magill (November 20, 1895 – December 17, 1963) was an American tax lawyer and Treasury Department official. He was one of the most important tax officials of the 1930s and one of the leading tax experts.
Born in Auburn, Illinois to a teacher and prominent Republican, Hugh S. Magill, who later won a seat in the Illinois Senate, Roswell Magill attended Dartmouth College, graduating in 1916. After a brief stint as an Army captain during World War I, Magill returned to Illinois for law school. He graduated from the University of Chicago Law School in 1920 and began his legal career at the Chicago firm of Alden, Latham & Young.
In 1923 Magill joined the Bureau of Internal Revenue as a special attorney, and within a year he had been promoted to chief attorney for the Treasury Department. As Treasury Secretary Andrew W. Mellon's top lawyer, he helped make the case for major tax reform in 1924. In 1927 he left public service for a faculty post at Columbia Law School, where he introduced a class on federal income taxation.
After briefly serving as special tax advisor to Treasury Secretary Henry Morgenthau in the early 1930s, Magill was nominated by President Roosevelt to become Under Secretary of Treasury in 1937. He supervised preparation of the Tax Revision Studies, a series of reports on every aspect of federal taxation.
In 1938, Magill again left the Treasury, returning to Columbia. Also, he was hired by prestigious New York law firm Cravath, Swaine & Moore in 1943, as a rare lateral partner.

</doc>
<doc id="19438852" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19438852" title="Assani Lukimya-Mulongoti">
Assani Lukimya-Mulongoti

Assani Lukimya-Mulongoti (born 25 January 1986 in Uvira) is a Congolese-German football player who plays for SV Werder Bremen as a defender.
Career.
Lukimya began his career in Berlin with SV Norden Nordwest 1898, before moving to SV Tasmania-Gropiusstadt 73. In 2004, he was scouted by Hertha BSC, where he played for the reserve team. After three years with Hertha, he signed a contract with FC Hansa Rostock. In Rostock, he played for the reserves during his first year, before being promoted to the first team in 2008. On 9 March 2009, he was suspended from the senior team, and returned to play for the reserve team. On 18 August 2009, he was released from his contract and became a free agent. He later signed with FC Carl Zeiss Jena and announced on 20 April 2010 his resign to the end of the season, he signed on the same day a two year contract for Fortuna Düsseldorf.
Lukimya holds a German passport.
On 24 May 2012, Lukimya has transferred to SV Werder Bremen, signing on a contract until 30 June 2015.
International career.
His first game for his homeland was on 20 August 2008 against Togo in a Friendly game.

</doc>
<doc id="19438855" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19438855" title="The War Graves Photographic Project">
The War Graves Photographic Project

The War Graves Photographic Project original aim was to photograph every war grave, individual memorial, Ministry of Defence grave, and family memorial of serving military personnel from WWI to the present day. However, due to its popularity the project has now extended the remit to cover all nationalities and military conflicts and make these available within a searchable database. These memorials are all over the world where British, Commonwealth and other nations servicemen and women are buried or commemorated. 
Working as a joint venture with the Commonwealth War Graves Commission, and assisting The Office of Australian War Graves,and the Office of Australian War Graves, Canadian Veterans Affairs and the New Zealand Ministry of Heritage and Culture this enables families, scholars and researchers to obtain, via the CWGC or TWGPP websites, a copies of the photograph of a grave or memorial entry, which for many older people it is impossible to visit due to the location and ability to travel. This service has only been made possible through the efforts of a dedicated group of volunteers, from all walks of life, who feel the need to remember those that made the ultimate sacrifice and who realise the importance for families to see where their loved ones are laid to rest or commemorated. This emulates the CWGC ethos to ‘Remember in Perpetuity’. 
The project has a website with a searchable database. Copies of archived photographs (currently around 1,789,804 as of 1 December 2013) can be obtained, for a nominal administration fee, on request to the project.
The site has become very popular so it is now including war and other service graves from conflicts earlier than 1914 and World War I. Submissions of images from anywhere in the world where military personnel were based or conflicts like the Anglo-South African War are now being welcomed.
The Project has been mentioned by a British Parliamentary Early Day Motion and is linked to the parliamentary website.
Regular visits are organised where at weekends volunteers as a group visit a war cemetery to carry out a photographic and cataloguing exercise. A group visit to the Netherlands in May 2008 achieved a further 18000 images and a trip to Gallipoli in September 2008 completed all those required (35,000) on the Turkish peninsula. 
During March 2011 The Royal Naval Patrol Service Association have submitted a new set of images for Lowestoft Naval Memorial as part of a plan to upgrade image quality of the archives using later camera technology wherever necessary.
The project was awarded a commendation by the Duke of Kent, the president of the Commonwealth War Graves Commission, in May 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="19438863" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19438863" title="Nahathai Suksombat">
Nahathai Suksombat

Nahathai Suksombat (Thai ณหทัย สุขสมบัติ ), born September 30, 1986) is a Thai footballer. He was playing for Thailand Premier League clubsides Chonburi FC, Bangkok Glass F.C. and Osotsapa. He currently plays for Samut Songkhram

</doc>
<doc id="19438878" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19438878" title="Strength and Compassion">
Strength and Compassion

Strength and Compassion is a collection of photographs and essays by Eric Greitens. Published in 2008, it is Greitens' first book and contains a foreword by Paul Rusesabagina, depicted in the film Hotel Rwanda by Don Cheadle, and an introduction by Bobby Muller, co-founder of the International Campaign to Ban Landmines.

</doc>
<doc id="19438896" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19438896" title="Jack Daniel (DJ)">
Jack Daniel (DJ)

Jack Daniel is a DJ and radio professional who has worked in Charlotte, North Carolina radio since the mid-1970s. Daniel's first radio job in the Charlotte market was on WPEG.
When WROQ was an album rock station, Daniel served as program director. Later he became a morning host at CHR WJZR "Z-100". In 1986, Daniel became midday announcer at CHR/adult contemporary WBCY. At that time, he was also host of the TV series "Let's Dance" on WPCQ. Later that year, he was also WBCY program director. During his time at WBCY, the station made a significant ratings improvement after finally selecting a successful morning team—Randy Cook and Spiff Dingle—and increasing its focus on CHR music.
In September 1987, Daniel became program director on the station he had left in 1986, which by this time was album rock WRFX. At this time, he had been a part of Charlotte-area radio more than 12 years. By 1990, Daniel was the station's general manager. Daniel prevented popular morning hosts John Boy and Billy from leaving the station by making a deal that paid them well and gave them the chance to be syndicated.
When WRFX owner Pyramid Broadcasting purchased struggling CHR WAQQ (which used to be WROQ) and sports talk WAQS, Daniel became general manager of those stations.
WAQQ became WEDJ in 1994 and Daniel became its general manager, but by November of that year, the station's 10-month-old format was not succeeding quickly enough for Pyramid. Daniel admitted he had never tried starting a new station and it was more difficult than he thought. He left radio because of a noncompete clause.
Daniel became director of sales and marketing for Paradox Films, which produced ads for WBTV, The Nashville Network and Charlotte Motor Speeedway. But he did not stay away from radio for long. In May 1995, he became program director and afternoon host on modern rock WEND. In 1996, Daniel was nominated for Program Director of the Year by the Billboard & Airplay Monitor Awards.
In 1999, Daniel became operations manager of WEND and oldies WWMG "Magic 96.1", remaining program director for WEND.
Daniel also plays in a band called Route 66.
In 2000, Clear Channel Radio purchased WEND/WWMG and moved the operation to join their other Charlotte stations, WRFX, WLYT, and WKKT. On May 12, 2011, Daniel will celebrate both his and New Rock 1065 The End's 16th year together in Charlotte. It will mark
Daniel's longest single stop in his career which began at WCHS (Concord High School) in 1971. He also worked at campus radio station, WECU-AM at East Carolina University before stints at WOOW, WBZQ, WRMT in Eastern North Carolina before returning to the Charlotte area
via WYCL in York, S.C. In 1975 he joined WPEG/WEGO in Concord. Daniel has two grown children Adam (28), a teacher at Mitchell College and Alexandra (24), a Social Worker in Raleigh. Both are married. His wife Carla is a retired Speech Pathologist.
In 2011, Daniel became syndicated on iheartradio. He can be heard each weekday morning on "BIG CLASSIC HITS", a channel that plays the hits of the 70's and 80's. In addition to being available via iheartradio, the show is offered on terrestrial stations in over 50 markets
natiowide. You can follow Jack Daniel on twitter @jackdaniel1065. In addition to his syndicated duties, he remains Program Director & Midday host on WEND, New Rock 1065 The End. He is approaching 19 years as WEND's only Program Director.
Jack Daniel has also been heard on national and regional advertising campaigns for Arby's, AEG Concerts and in the mid 90's, Auto Zone.

</doc>
<doc id="19438898" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19438898" title="Felice Maniero">
Felice Maniero

Felice Maniero (born 1954) is a former Italian crime boss who was the head of the Mala del Brenta, a criminal organisation based in the region of Veneto throughout the 1980s and 1990s. His nickname is "Faccia d'Angelo" ("Angel Face"), which he shares with the Milanese mobster Francis Turatello and Camorra boss Edoardo Contini. He was born at Campolongo Maggiore, in the province of Venice.
In February, 1995, Maniero became a pentito (collaborator with Italian Justice), and subsequently helped in dismantling his organization. However, Maniero allegedly continued a number of criminal activities while many of his former henchmen re-organised the Mala del Brenta in order to ensure its survival.
On 23 August 2010, Maniero was set free.

</doc>
<doc id="19438904" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19438904" title="Uncial 086">
Uncial 086

Uncial 086 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), ε 35 (Soden), is a Greek — Coptic diglot, uncial codex of the New Testament, dated paleographically to the 6th century. 
Description.
The codex contains two small parts of the Gospel of John 1:23-26; 3:5-4:23-35.45-49 on 13 parchment leaves (27 cm by 23 cm). The text is written in two columns per page, 20 and more lines per page.
It is a palimpsest, the upper text contains a Coptic tables and formulae. 
The Greek text of this codex is a mixed type. Aland placed it in Category III.
Currently it is dated by the INTF to the 6th century.
The codex now is located at the British Library (Or. 5707) in London.

</doc>
<doc id="19438913" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19438913" title="Sisulu">
Sisulu

Sisulu is a surname. People with this surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="19438914" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19438914" title="Superior Offshore International">
Superior Offshore International

Superior Offshore International, Inc. was a leading provider of subsea construction and commercial diving services to the offshore oil and gas industry, serving operators in the outer continental shelf and deep waters of the U.S. Gulf of Mexico as well as offshore Mexico, Latin America, Africa and the Middle East. Construction services include installation, upgrading and decommissioning of pipelines and production infrastructure. Commercial diving services include inspection, maintenance and repair services and support services for subsea construction and salvage operations. The company also operates a construction/fabrication division. Superior Offshore operates a fleet of 11 service vessels and provides remotely operated vehicles (ROVs) and saturation diving systems for deep water and harsh environment operations.
Superior Offshore International was headquartered in Houston, Texas and employed approximately 665 offshore personnel at locations in North America, Africa and the Middle East.
Superior Offshore International, Inc. (Nasdaq: DEEP) announced on April 23, 2008 that it received a delisting notice from the Nasdaq's Listing Qualifications Department citing the Company's failure to timely file its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2007 (the "Form 10-K") in accordance with the filing requirements for continued listing set forth in Marketplace Rule 4310(c)(14). The notice indicates that the Company's common stock is subject to delisting from The Nasdaq Stock Market at the opening of business on April 28, 2008, unless the Company requests a hearing in accordance with the Nasdaq Marketplace Rules. The Company does not intend to request such a hearing.
After 25 years of service Superior Offshore International, Inc. filed for chapter 11 bankruptcy.
See http://www.energycurrent.com/index.php?id=4&storyid=10187 for a little more info. 

</doc>
<doc id="19438919" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19438919" title="Victim You">
Victim You

Victim You is the first studio album recorded by 3 of the original founding members of the British heavy metal band Saxon, Graham Oliver, Steve Dawson and Pete Gill, after their departure from Saxon. The album was recorded under Saxon's original UK club band name Son of a Bitch.
The tracks were written by the band which also included guitarist Haydn Conway and Ted Bullet, former front man of the German band Thunderhead. The recordings were digitally captured at Revolution Studios in Manchester and later Mastered in Germany.
The recordings were released on SYME Music Publishing's own label Hengest Records, which licenced the recordings worldwide to various labels. In particular, on the JVC Records Japanese release, there featured one extra track which was not released anywhere else.
Graham Oliver and Steve Dawson lost the litigation for the use of the name Saxon and would later tour under the name of Oliver/Dawson Saxon.

</doc>
<doc id="19438946" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19438946" title="NG Magazine">
NG Magazine

NG magazine, or ng-magazine.com, is an online entertainment guide that covers the city of Nottingham. It focuses on music and well-known acts visiting the city, as well as films, festivals, theatre and culture. It was founded by Michelle Dhillon, a music journalist and news reporter, on 31 March 2007 in conjunction with the re-opening of the city's Old Market Square and its aim is to dilute Nottingham's reputation as a gun-crime hotspot. The new media publication takes its name from the postcode prefix for the city, which is NG.
Contributors.
The publication features regular articles and interviews from Danny Wilson and Leslie Nichols, interviews and podcasts from Alex Ward and reviews from editor Michelle Dhillon. It has established a strong reputation for the live images captured by Phil Swift (also a contributor to Sandman) and Lisa Mayfield. The team is also made up of more journalists and contributors.
Interviewees.
People who have been interviewed by NG Magazine include Kano, Craig David, Holly Golightly, The Holloways, Metronomy, Beth Ditto of The Gossip, local horror film director Steven Sheil, Eastenders actress Olga Fedori, Foals, Coldplay, Sam Isaac and Babyshambles.
Awards and press.
In 2007 NG Magazine was nominated for the New Statesman New Media Awards in the category of young innovator. The European Union Young Journalist Awards interviewed the editor about how and why she set up the publication in 2008, as has BBC Radio Nottingham. The editor is a firm believer in the city and its potential, comparing its buzzing live music scene to London's Camden.

</doc>
<doc id="19438955" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19438955" title="A. J. Ofodile">
A. J. Ofodile

Anselm Aniagboso Ofodile, Jr. (born October 9, 1973) is a former American football tight end in the National Football League for the Baltimore Ravens, originally drafted by the Buffalo Bills. He played college football at University of Missouri. He is the head coach of Rock Bridge High School in Columbia, Missouri.

</doc>
<doc id="19438975" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19438975" title="High Sheriff of Suffolk">
High Sheriff of Suffolk

This is a list of Sheriffs and High Sheriffs of Suffolk.
The Sheriff is the oldest secular office under the Crown and is appointed annually (in March) by the Crown. He was originally the principal law enforcement officer in the county and presided at the Assizes and other important county meetings. Most of the responsibilities associated with the post have been transferred elsewhere or are now defunct, so that its functions are now largely ceremonial. There was a single Sheriff serving the two counties of Norfolk and Suffolk until 1576.
On 1 April 1974, under the provisions of the Local Government Act 1972, the title of Sheriff of Suffolk was retitled High Sheriff of Suffolk.
See also.
High Sheriff of Norfolk and Suffolk

</doc>
<doc id="19438985" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19438985" title="Hermann Stuckmann">
Hermann Stuckmann

Hermann Stuckmann (2 January 1921 in Wuppertal-Barmen – 23 August 1944 in the Bay of Biscay) was a German U-boat commander in World War II and recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross (). The Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross was awarded to recognise extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership. In his short combat career he sank one ship, and damaged two others.
Career.
Stuckmann joined the "Kriegsmarine" in September 1939. After training aboard the ship , he took part in the occupation of Denmark in April 1940. In July 1941 he joined the U-boat force and served as Watch Officer for more than a year aboard under the command of "Kapitänleutnant" Helmut Möhlmann.
In August 1943 Stuckmann commissioned the Type VIIC U-boat , and was promoted to "Oberleutnant zur See" in October 1943. He commanded "U-316" as a school boat in the Baltic Sea until May 1944, when he took command of the combat boat . During the summer of 1944 he operated against Allied landing ships in the English Channel.
Stuckmann died on 18 August 1944, when "U-621" was sunk with all hands in the Bay of Biscay near La Rochelle by depth charges from the Canadian destroyers , and .

</doc>
<doc id="19439013" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19439013" title="Buzet dialect">
Buzet dialect

The Buzet dialect () is a subdialect of the Chakavian dialect of Serbo-Croatian. It is spoken in northern Istria around Buzet.
The Buzet dialect is transitional between the Slovenian language and Kajkavian dialect. Some consider it part of the Kajkavian dialect area, and in the past it was classified (e.g. by Fran Ramovš) as a Slovenian dialect.
The primary features that separate Buzet dialect from the rest of the Chakavian dialects are in the development of the Common Slavic vocalism:
Prosodical system diverges from that of other Chakavian speeches, having lost e.g. the difference between long a short accented vowels. Another unusual feature is the usage of Kajkavian interrogative pronoun "kaj" 'what', instead of the usual Chakavian "ča".
As far as the division of Chakavian dialects in Southeastern and Northwestern is concerned, Buzet dialect belongs to Northwestern Chakavian.
The Buzet dialect has been extensively described in the book "Buzetski govori" (Annales, Kopar 2005) by Nataša Vivoda.

</doc>
<doc id="19439043" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19439043" title="List of Sands of Destruction episodes">
List of Sands of Destruction episodes

"Sands of Destruction", known in Japan as , is an anime series based on the video game of the same name, and was produced by Production I.G.. It began broadcasting on July 7, 2008 on TV Tokyo.

</doc>
<doc id="19439055" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19439055" title="Jānis Škincs">
Jānis Škincs

Jānis Škincs was a Latvian footballer, a four-time champion of Latvia. Škincs was known as one of the fastest forwards in Latvian football.
Biography.
Jānis Škincs spent the first years of his football career with Olimpija Liepāja. He first played for the senior squad of Olimpija in 1928, the year the club won its second Latvian Higher League title. In the years he played with Olimpija Škincs won two more league titles - in 1929 and in 1933. In addition Škincs became with Olimpija a three-time winner of the Riga Football Cup. In the year he won his last league title for Olimpija (1933), Škincs was the club's best goalscorer in the league (with 11 goals, Artūrs Ķikuts had 10 goals).
After the 1934 season Ķikuts left Olimpija for RFK. In 1935 as a member of RFK Škincs won his fourth and final Latvian league title and after the season changed the club again - this time joining Universitātes Sports. That proved not to be the best club for him and in 1937 he returned again to RFK. After two more years with RFK Škincs completely retired from football. In his last years in football Škincs wasn't that much of a goalscorer as before, in 1936 he scored 4 goals for Universitātes Sports, in the last season for RFK - just one goal.
Between 1931 and 1935 Škincs played 11 international matches for Latvia national football team, scoring three goals.

</doc>
<doc id="19439061" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19439061" title="China National Peking Opera Company">
China National Peking Opera Company

The China National Peking Opera Company (CNPOC; ), originally named the National Peking Opera Theater of China, is one of the national ensembles of performance arts directly under the supervision of the Ministry of Culture of the People's Republic of China. Situated in Beijing, it was founded in January 1955, with opera performer Mei Lanfang as the first president in its history. The current president is Song Guanlin.
History.
As China's premier Peking opera organization, the CNPOC comprises celebrated performers, playwrights, directors, composers and stage designers and has accumulated some of the finest repertoire of productions ranging over the wide diversity of Peking Opera performance styles as well as innovative pioneering works. For decades, the National Peking Opera Company has devoted tremendous resources in restoring and preserving existing operatic repertoires, as well as creating new works of the highest artistic quality. The CNPOC consists of three troupes. First troupe was previously led by current vice-president of the company, the celebrated laosheng-performer Yu Kuizhi. Current head of the first troupe is Li Shengsu, second and third troupe are led by Li Haiyan and Zhang Jianguo respectively. Productions staged by these troupes are regularly screened on CCTV11 (The Chinese Central Television's channel for Chinese opera).
In the last fifty years, the CNPOC produced more than 500 traditional or new dramas with different subjects and genres. Its repertoire includes, "Wild Pig Forest", "Three Attacks on Zhu Village", "At the Crossroad", "Tale of the White Snake", "The Mouth of Jiujiang River", "Sun An Dong Ben", "Xie Yaohuan", "Mu Guiying in Command", "Monkey King", "Man Jiang Hong", "The Red Lantern", "Chuncao Entering the Court", "Die Lian Hua", "Nightmare at the Han Palace", "Royal Envoy on Thin Horse"，"Princess Turandot", "Lujiang River", "Yi-shan Mountain" and one of its most famous works, "Women Generals of the Yang Family".
The China National Peking Opera Company has visited over 50 countries, such as the United States, Japan, Germany, France, Italy, Hungary, Greece, Romania, the UK, Australia, and the former Soviet Union, and is a frequent performer at the Kennedy Center for the Performing Arts since its debut at the Kennedy Center 25 years ago and has been invited to performed on several occasions as a main attraction in their programs.

</doc>
<doc id="19439087" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19439087" title="Robert Allen Rolfe">
Robert Allen Rolfe

Robert Allen Rolfe (1855–1921) was a British botanist specializing in the study of orchids. He was the first curator of the orchid herbarium at the Royal Botanic Gardens, Kew, founded the magazine "The Orchid Review", and published many papers on hybrids of different species of orchids.
The genus "Allenrolfea" of amaranths was named after him by Carl Ernst Otto Kuntze.

</doc>
<doc id="19439096" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19439096" title="Janis Owens">
Janis Owens

Janis Owens (born 1960 in Marianna, Florida) is an American author. She has written three novels and one cookbook. Her fourth novel is due in October, 2012, "American Ghost".
Early life and education.
Owens is a native of North Florida, born a few miles south of the Alabama/Georgia border in the town of Marianna. She was the last child and only daughter of an Assemblies of God preacher, Roy Johnson, and his wife, Martha Johnson.
When she was a toddler, her father gave up the ministry and became an insurance salesman. From Marianna, the family moved to New Orleans, then Hattiesburg, Mississippi, then to finally back to North Florida. They eventually ended up in Ocala, which is where she spent the remainder of her childhood.
Shortly after graduating high school she married Wendel Owens, a native of Arkansas. In 1983, after the birth of her first daughter, Owens graduated from the University of Florida English Department.
Career.
After graduating from college, Owens began writing her first novel, "My Brother Michael". The novel is set in Marianna, Florida, where she spent her early childhood. She says she "finished in due time...it was received well enough, considering it was a first novel and I was a twenty-four year old half-wit at the time." "My Brother Michael" relates the story of Gabriel Catts and his lifelong love for his brother's wife, Myra.
Owens then wrote "Myra Sims", which tells the story from Myra's perspective. "The Schooling of Claybird Catts", Owens' third novel, brings the story full circle and carries it into the next generation.
Owens most recent novel, due for publication October 2013, is "American Ghost" (Scribner.)
Cracker roadshow.
Another project of hers is the "Cracker Roadshow", which she describes thusly:

</doc>
<doc id="19439097" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19439097" title="Bayou George, Florida">
Bayou George, Florida

Bayou George is an unincorporated community in Bay County, Florida, United States. It is part of the Panama City–Lynn Haven–Panama City Beach Metropolitan Statistical Area. Bayou George is named after a waterway that flows into part of Saint Andrews Bay. The main roads through the community are US 231 and former SR 167, now County Road 2301.

</doc>
<doc id="19439100" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19439100" title="Anucha Munjarern">
Anucha Munjarern

Anucha Munjarern (; born 1979 in Surat Thani, Thailand) is a Thai futsal player who is futsal's top international goalscorer of all time. He is a striker, and currently a member of Thailand national futsal team.

</doc>
<doc id="19439109" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19439109" title="Vladimir Morozov">
Vladimir Morozov

Vladimir Morozov may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19439115" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19439115" title="Fountain, Florida">
Fountain, Florida

Fountain is an unincorporated community in Bay County, Florida, United States. It is part of the Panama City–Lynn Haven–Panama City Beach Metropolitan Statistical Area. The main roads through Fountain are U.S. 231 and State Road 20.

</doc>
<doc id="19439135" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19439135" title="Måbødalen bus accident">
Måbødalen bus accident

The Måbødalen bus accident was a bus crash on 15 August 1988 during the descent from Hardangervidda on its way to Bergen, Norway. The bus collided with the concrete arch at the exit of the Måbø tunnel on Norwegian National Road 7. Of the 34 passengers aboard, 15 were killed. In addition, the bus driver died from his injuries 12 days after the crash.
The bus was a Volvo B58 built in 1977 and owned by the Swedish company "All the Way". It had been chartered for a school trip, carrying fifth graders from Kista in Sweden to Bergen where they were scheduled to continue to Shetland. Twelve of the passenger fatalities were children, while three were parents. The 44-year old driver Kent Sören Byström was recovered alive from the wreck and was able to testify to investigators, but he succumbed from his injuries on August 27 at a hospital in Stockholm. The fact that many of the fatalities were children made the impact of the tragedy deeply felt both in Norway and Sweden.
The psychological effects on the survivors were studied up to twenty years after the accident, unusually long for an accident of this nature. Several of the survivors, as well as the witnesses who arrived immediately after the disaster, continue to suffer from the traumatic experience.
Cause of crash and investigation.
The main cause of the crash was determined to be faulty brakes on the bus. Only two of the four wheels had brakes, and an auxiliary electric brake was not functioning. The road through the Måbø Valley features fairly steep gradients over a long stretch, as much as 8% over a distance of . The heavy use of the braking system caused it to gradually overheat, finally failing completely. An attempt from the driver to switch to a lower gear failed, and left the wheels entirely decoupled from the engine. Without anything to slow the bus down, the bus gathered speed on the downhill stretch. At the time of collision, at about 18:30, the bus was estimated to be moving at . Beyond the end of the tunnel is a 20-30 meter cliff, and there was speculation that the driver deliberately steered the bus into the tunnel wall in order to prevent an even worse accident from happening. In his testimony, the driver said he had considered using the wall to the slow the bus down, though the investigation showed that there was no contact with the wall before the final crash.
Vehicle brakes frequently overheat along the steep road in the Måbø Valley, with a number of lorries catching fire and at least one fatal truck accident in 1998.
Additional causes were the driver's lack of experience in driving in long downhill stretches, and the lack of adequate warning signs along the road.
Police investigations concluded that no person could be held accountable for the accident.

</doc>
<doc id="19439137" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19439137" title="NGC 5755">
NGC 5755

NGC 5755 is a galaxy in the constellation Boötes, member of Arp 297 interacting galaxies group of four: NGC 5752, NGC 5753, NGC 5754, NGC 5755.

</doc>
<doc id="19439138" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19439138" title="Millville, Florida">
Millville, Florida

Millville is an unincorporated community in Bay County, Florida, United States. It is part of the Panama City–Lynn Haven–Panama City Beach 
Metropolitan Statistical Area.
History.
Historical Millville, located directly off of Highway 98, was one of the original frontier settlements in Bay County. The community rests between Watson Bayou and St. Andrews Bay. Rich in history, the area was built around a lumber yard in the late 19th century. In 1913, Millville was incorporated and citizens elected W.I. Singletary as Millville's first mayor. By 1920, Millville was the largest community around the bay and the center of commerce and industry for the area. In 1926, Panama City annexed Millville into its incorporated city limits; however, it still retains its unique historical character. Today, visitors can still view many historical buildings, including Sweet Magnolias Deli, located on historic East 3rd Street in downtown Millville.
Waterfronts Florida.
In 2009, Millville earned honor as a designated Waterfronts Florida community. Cities and communities are chosen for their unique working waterfronts and their dedication to revitalization.
Public Parks.
Public spaces include Daffin Park and The C.M. Kidd Harris Park (established in 1934). In 2010, the growing community allocated $20,000 in funds for a waterfront park to be housed near the site of the community's original lumber mill. The project, which is expected to be completed by 2014, is expected to house a gazebo, a boardwalk, and public access to Watson's Bayou.
Media.
Author Ann Pratt Houpt documents Millville's rich history in her book, Millville Images of America, published in 2005 by Arcadia Publishing.
Industry.
Millville is home to a true working waterfront, including an established shipbuilding and marine repair industry and paper mill.
Millville is also home to Boyette and Casey Hardware, one of Bay County's oldest family owned businesses. In 1958, J.T. Boyette and Fred Casey purchased Millville Hardware Company. In 1992, Lee Casey purchased the company from his father, Fred, making it the third generation to take ownership of the company. Fred Casey still remains very active in the company today and still watches the company he started continue to grow after over fifty years in business.
Famous People.
W. Fred Turner, was the lawyer who represented Clarence Earl Gideon in Gideon vs. Wainwright, a landmark case in United States Supreme Court History. Visitors to Millville can still view the house where Turner was raised.

</doc>
<doc id="19439143" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19439143" title="Santa Monica, Florida">
Santa Monica, Florida

Santa Monica is an unincorporated community in Bay County, Florida, United States. It is part of the Panama City–Lynn Haven–Panama City Beach Metropolitan Statistical Area. Its population is 60.
Santa Monica is located along State Road 30 (former US 98 Alternate) west of Laguna Beach.

</doc>
<doc id="19439144" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19439144" title="Southport, Florida">
Southport, Florida

Southport is an unincorporated community in Bay County, Florida, United States. It is located along the north side of North Bay and west of Deer Point Lake. The main roads through the community are State Road 77 and County Road 2321. It is also part of the Panama City–Lynn Haven–Panama City Beach Metropolitan Statistical Area.

</doc>
<doc id="19439154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19439154" title="Sunnyside, Florida">
Sunnyside, Florida

Sunnyside is an unincorporated community in Bay County, Florida, United States. It is part of the Panama City–Lynn Haven–Panama City Beach Metropolitan Statistical Area.
Sunnyside is located along State Road 30 (former US 98 Alternate) west of Laguna Beach and Santa Monica, and east of Riviera Beach.

</doc>
<doc id="19439155" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19439155" title="Pamela Liversidge">
Pamela Liversidge

Pamela Liversidge OBE was the first female president of the Institution of Mechanical Engineers.
Life.
She was born 23 December 1949 ( née Edwards) and graduated with a BSc in Mechanical Engineering from Aston University. After graduating she worked for GKN, then moved first into forging, then the electricity supply industry, becoming Divisional Director of East Midlands Electricity. In 1993 she set up her own business to manufacture specialist metal powders, notably for medical engineering, and from 1999 was Managing Director of Quest Investments, a holding company for several engineering enterprises. She has been Vice-President of RedR an organization of engineers for disaster relief.
Honours.
In 1997 she became the first female president of the Institution of Mechanical Engineers, and in 1999 was awarded the OBE. She has received honorary degrees from Aston, Bradford and Sheffield Hallam Universities. She was High Sheriff of South Yorkshire in 2004-5. She is a Fellow of the Royal Academy of Engineering, Fellow of the City and Guilds Institute, Freeman of the Company of Cutlers in Hallamshire, and Liveryman of the Worshipful Company of Engineers. She and her husband Douglas were appointed Mistress and Master Cutler of the Company of Cutlers in Hallamshire in 1998.
From 2011 to 2012 she was Master Cutler of the Company of Cutlers in Hallamshire, the first woman to hold this post.
On 7 Feb 2014 a new building at the University of Sheffield was named the Pam Liversidge Building in her honour.

</doc>
<doc id="19439163" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19439163" title="Brian Gordon">
Brian Gordon

Brian Ernest Gordon (born August 16, 1978) is an American professional baseball pitcher for the New York Yankees minor league organization. He has previously played for the Texas Rangers and New York Yankees of Major League Baseball, as well as SK Wyverns and Samsung Lions of the Korean Baseball Organization in South Korea.
Personal life.
His parents are Ernie Gordon, who grew up a Yankees fan in Hyde Park, New York, and Wendy Abrahamsen. They have since divorced. His father was an Army engineer stationed at West Point when he was born, but the family moved to Round Rock, Texas, before he was 2. His mother works as a secretary for the Round Rock Express.
At Round Rock High School, his career record was 43-3, and his team, the Dragons, won the Texas class 5A state championship in 1997.
Gordon and his wife, Amanda, have a daughter, Finley and a son, Riggs.
Professional career.
Gordon was drafted by the Arizona Diamondbacks in the 7th round of the 1997 Major League Baseball Draft as an outfielder. With the Diamondbacks organization, he made it as high as Triple-A Tucson in and became a free agent after the season. Gordon signed with the Anaheim Angels where he played in the next two years with their Triple-A affiliate, Salt Lake Stingers. After the season, Gordon signed with the Houston Astros organization. Playing the entire year in Triple-A, he batted only .241, and after the season decided to convert to pitcher with the help of Hall-of-Famer Nolan Ryan, who was a special assistant to the Astros.
Gordon began with the Double-A Corpus Christi Hooks. In 30 relief appearances, he had an ERA of 2.88 and received a promotion to Triple-A Round Rock. In , Gordon started the season with Double-A Corpus Christi, but after just one appearance, he was released. He signed with the Texas Rangers and did not allow a run in 22 innings pitched for Double-A Frisco. He was promoted to Triple-A Oklahoma where he started and pitched in relief. Gordon was a September call up for the Rangers in and made his major league debut on September 17.
Gordon attended Venezuelan Winter League for the 2008–2009 season with Tiburones de la Guaira, posting a 4-2 record with a 1.79 ERA in 45.1 innings. In his last home game before returning to the US, Gordon faced hard rivals Leones del Caracas in front of a crowd of 20000, posting 8 innings with 1 allowed run and 9 strikeouts. After the game ended, all la Guaira fans shouted Brian's last name, with Gordon walking out of the dugout and kissing the team's shirt in one of La Guaira's most emotive moments of the season.
Gordon was granted free agency after the 2009 season and he signed with the Philadelphia Phillies for the 2010 season. He remained with the Phillies for the start of the 2011 season.
On June 14, 2011, Gordon opted out of his minor league contract with the Phillies and signed with the New York Yankees, who promoted him to the major leagues. In his first MLB start, Gordon pitched innings for the Yankees, allowing two earned runs in a Yankees 3-2 victory in 12 innings at Yankee Stadium. He made history by wearing a non-leather glove, the first major leaguer to do so. When Bartolo Colón was activated from the disabled list on July 2, he was optioned to the Triple-A Scranton/Wilkes-Barre Yankees.
He was purchased by SK Wyverns in Korea on July 8, 2011. On January 13, 2012, Gordon opted to stay in Korea, signing with the Samsung Lions.
Gordon was signed by the New York Yankees to a minor-league contract on December 3, 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="19439168" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19439168" title="Youngstown, Florida">
Youngstown, Florida

Youngstown is an unincorporated community in Bay County, Florida, United States. It was the site of an unsolved deadly train derailment in 1978. It is part of the Panama City–Lynn Haven–Panama City Beach Metropolitan Statistical Area. The main road through Youngstown is US 231, which is the eastern terminus of County Road 388.

</doc>
<doc id="19439176" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19439176" title="Canoeing at the 1976 Summer Olympics – Women's K-1 500 metres">
Canoeing at the 1976 Summer Olympics – Women's K-1 500 metres

The women's K-1 500 metres event was an individual kayaking event conducted as part of the Canoeing at the 1976 Summer Olympics program.
Results.
Heats.
The 15 competitors first raced in two heats on July 28. The top three finishers from each of the heats advanced directly to the semifinals while the rest competed in the repechages.
Repechages.
Taking place on July 28, the top three finishers from each repechage advanced to the semifinals.
Semifinals.
The top three finishers in each of the three semifinals (raced on July 30) advanced to the final.
Final.
The final was held on July 30. 
East German boat designers spent a month studying the Olympic course in Montreal before returning home to construct fiberglass canoes and kayaks that curved inward when placed in the water, allowing them to become longer and faster. Zirzow used one of those kayaks to make up for a poor start in the final to win gold.

</doc>
<doc id="19439177" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19439177" title="Archdeacon of Dudley">
Archdeacon of Dudley

The Archdeacon of Dudley is one of two archdeacons in the Anglican Diocese of Worcester, England (the other being the Archdeacon of Worcester).
History.
The archdeaconry of Dudley was created by Order in Council on 11 February 1921 from the Worcester archdeaconry. It consists of the deaneries of Bromsgrove, Droitwich, Dudley, Kidderminster, Kingswinford, Stourbridge and Stourport.
The present Archdeacon of Dudley is the Venerable Nikki Groarke, formerly vicar of St Stephen's Church, Canonbury, Islington, in the Diocese of London; she is the first woman to hold the post and was installed on 5 January 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="19439198" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19439198" title="Lake Balanan">
Lake Balanan

Lake Balanan is a lake situated Siaton, Negros Oriental, Philippines. It is a freshwater lake in the forested mountains of the southern portion of the island of Negros, with a shape resembling a figure of eight, the narrowest point between the two main portions of the lake being only 90 metres wide. The lake is surrounded by mountain ranges, and is fed by three tributaries, all located in the northern end. These are the Lamarao Creek at the northeastern corner with two waterfalls, the Balanan Creek at the middle of the northern end with another waterfall, and the Nasig-id Creek at the northwestern end. 
The lake has a humid tropical climate with two pronounced seasons, a dry season from November to April and a wet season for the rest of the year. 
The lake was formed by a tectonic earthquake with the magnitude of a 6.8 on the Richter scale that hit the southern portion of the island of Negros, and caused landslides in the southern ends of both the Balanan and Nasig-id ranges in Siaton. The fallen rocks and soil dammed the Balanan River that flowed between these mountain ranges forming a 25-hectare "humerus" bone-formed lake oriented along the Northwest-Southeast line.
The lake and surrounding forests are currently being managed as a Watershed Area by the Bureau of Forest Development. A proposal has been made to designate the area as a Game Refuge and Wildlife Sanctuary to protect the large population of bats and other wildlife. This proposal was endorsed by the Department of Environment and Natural Resources, Region 7, in January 1987.
History.
At 5 pm on May 5, 1925, the town of Siaton was hit by an earthquake that registered 6.8 on the Richter Scale. The quake triggered a landslide that created a natural dam. The dam, called Sampong (meaning "to close"), blocked the waters of Balanan River to produce the lake.

</doc>
<doc id="19439200" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19439200" title="Samuel Hyde House">
Samuel Hyde House

Samuel Hyde House is a building at 3726 East Madison Street in Seattle, Washington, United States listed in the National Register of Historic Places. The building, built in 1909–1910 for liquor magnate Samuel Hyde, now houses the residence of the Russia consul-general.
The two-story brick house is fronted by a portico with Corinthian columns; there is a brick carriage house in back. It is believed that the grounds were laid out by the Olmsted Brothers. The Olmsteds played a prominent role in designing Seattle's system of parks and boulevards, and were responsible for landscaping the grounds of the 1909 Alaska-Yukon-Pacific Exposition on the campus of the University of Washington.

</doc>
<doc id="19439206" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19439206" title="NGC 5754">
NGC 5754

NGC 5754 is a barred spiral galaxy located 218 million light years away in the constellation Boötes. It is a member of the Arp 297 interacting galaxies group, which consists of NGC 5752, NGC 5753, NGC 5754, NGC 5755.

</doc>
<doc id="19439209" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19439209" title="Northern Chakavian">
Northern Chakavian

Northern Chakavian () is a subdialect of the Chakavian dialect of Serbo-Croatian. It is spoken in eastern Istria, outskirts of Žminj and Pazin, Croatian Littoral up to Bakar, on the islands of Cres and northern Lošinj, north of Middle Chakavian.
The speech of the major Croatian city Rijeka used to belong to this dialect, but under the influence of Shtokavian immigrants a local idiom developed that lost most of the characteristical Chakavian features.
In this dialect Common Slavic yat phoneme yielded /e/, and only exceptionally /i/ (e.g. "divõjka" 'maiden, girl' < Common Slavic *děvojka).

</doc>
<doc id="19439226" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19439226" title="George Tyler Moore Center for the Study of the Civil War">
George Tyler Moore Center for the Study of the Civil War

The George Tyler Moore Center for the Study of the Civil War in Shepherdstown, West Virginia, is home to Shepherd University's Civil War and 19th century America concentrated track of studies. The program requires students to complete a program of specialized courses in addition to those required of all history majors. Courses concentrate on various elements of 19th century history such as the American Civil War, 1850-1865; the Reconstruction Era; African American History; Soldiers and Society, 1861–65; and the Old South. Students also will conduct primary research within the topic area and must intern at one of various historic sites in the region, such as Harpers Ferry National Historic Park.
Shepherd University’s location in "Civil War country" and the resources of the George Tyler Moore Center for the Study of the Civil War are attractive incentives to prospective history majors who desire in-depth study of the Civil War era. Students in this track take advantage of the proximity of Antietam National Battlefield, Harpers Ferry National Historical Park, Gettysburg National Military Park, and the many battlefield sites of the Lower Shenandoah Valley as they pursue their studies of the American Civil War.
History.
The idea to create a "Center for the Study of the Civil War" at Shepherd University came as a result of 1990 discussions between officials from the University and Antietam National Battlefield. The role of the Center was envisioned as a "keeper of the standards" for the National Park Service's (NPS) "Civil War Soldiers System" (CWSS) database that was to be developed. The CWSS consists of several fields of basic data taken from index cards that are keyed to a soldier's service records kept at the National Archives.
In August 1991 a Civil War Soldiers Database Planning Conference was held. Participants included Park Service personnel, Shepherd University staff and faculty, and noted Civil War scholars. The conference attendees concluded that Shepherd could enhance the NPS project by overseeing the academic integrity of database enhancements and assuring that proper data standards are maintained. It also was suggested that Shepherd could initiate its efforts by demonstrating how a database subset (to the NPS database), such as West Virginia's Union soldiers, might be enhanced by including data gleaned from census records, pension files, and other sources.
A second conference was held at Shepherd in March 1993. A Scholars' Advisory Board had been named, and all board members were in attendance. Other conference attendees included NPS personnel, Shepherd staff and faculty, local and state educators, and interested citizens. It was generally agreed that the NPS database would not be of much use to scholarly historians; Shepherd should include information from the soldiers' "Compiled Service Records" and "Pension Files" in the National Archives. It was debated whether data from the 1860 and later censuses should be included; the consensus was priority should be placed on the service records and pension files. Finally, most of the conference attendees agreed that the educational function of the center would be as important as the database itself. A scholarly question-and-answer period followed, which was broadcast on C-SPAN.
The Center's first director.
In September 1993, Civil War historian Mark A. Snell, a retired Army officer and former assistant professor of history at West Point, was hired; he began his duties in November 1993, soon after his retirement from the United States Army. He has a B.A. from York College of Pennsylvania, an M.A. in American history from Rutgers, and the Ph.D. from the University of Missouri-Kansas City. Snell is a former assistant professor at the United States Military Academy, West Point, NY.
As an associate professor of history at Shepherd University, he teaches courses on aspects of the Civil War, the two-semester U.S. history survey, and courses on World War I and World War II. Snell chairs the “Civil War and 19th Century America” and the “Public History” concentrations in the history major.
He has written or edited several books on the Civil War, including "From First to Last, The Life of Major General William B. Franklin" (Fordham Univ. Press, 2002). His most recent publication is about the U.S. involvement in World War I: "Unknown Soldiers: The American Expeditionary Forces in Memory and Remembrance" (Kent State University Press, 2008). Snell is an adjunct professor in the Masters of Military History degree program at Norwich University.
Snell’s great-great grandfathers served in the 87th Pennsylvania Infantry during the Civil War, his grandfather was in the US Army Air Service in World War I, and his father fought in World War II as a member of the U.S. Army’s 215th Field Artillery Battalion in the European Theater of Operations.
Programs and facilities.
Since Dr. Snell's arrival, the Center has hosted a summer seminar for social studies teachers (1994) that was made possible by a grant from the West Virginia Humanities Council and annual summer seminars since 1995 that are open to the general public (for a fee).
The Center's database manager/programmer has developed the data-entry software and two historical-records specialists have been entering data since August 1996. The records specialists work on only one regiment at a time, with random quality control audits occurring weekly.
The Center is concentrating on entering data only from the soldiers' service records; they begin entering data from the pension files at a later date. A group of dedicated volunteers has been entering data for smaller projects, such as collecting information from the service records of West Virginia Civil War soldiers buried in our national cemeteries. Volunteers have completed Antietam, Gettysburg, and Andersonville national cemeteries.
The Center is developing an interactive educational software program about West Virginia's role in the Civil War. Funded in part by a grant from the West Virginia Humanities Council, the program (for CD-ROM) will be issued free of charge to secondary schools in West Virginia.
The Center has hosted several evening and weekend courses on various Civil War topics and produces a bi-annual newsletter.
The Conrad Shindler House.
In September 1995, actress Mary Tyler Moore donated the Conrad Shindler House to the Center. This house, erected around 1795, was owned by Moore's great-great-great-grandfather during the first half of the nineteenth century. During the Battle of Antietam in September 1862, the Shindler House, like most of the other buildings in Shepherdstown, received wounded Confederate soldiers. All operations of the Center relocated to the Shindler House in April 1996. In honor of Moore's father, the Center was renamed The George Tyler Moore Center for the Study of the Civil War.
Research mission.
The ongoing research at The George Tyler Moore Center for the Study of the Civil War involves the compilation of figures from the soldiers' compiled military service records which will lead to a more definitive number of veterans born in West Virginia. Within the next five years, data gleaned from the service records of soldiers serving in all of West Virginia's Union regiments and (Western) Virginia Confederate regiments will be compiled in the center's electronic database. Once completed, a simple query will be able to provide a very accurate total for both sides including data heretofore unavailable.
Reference library.
The Center maintains Shepherd University's large selection of reference materials, including many published primary sources. Materials are for reference use only and may not be checked out. The materials are cataloged in the Shepherd University library system.
Civil War seminars and lectures.
Every summer the Center offers a weekend-long seminar with a topic of interest related to the Civil War era. Civil War scholars and enthusiasts alike attend the educational event and are offered a glimpse into cutting-edge research in Civil War history. In 2008, the seminar was "Gettysburg: Retreat & Pursuit" and featured Kent Masterson Brown as the scholar-in-residence.

</doc>
<doc id="19439227" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19439227" title="Interaction Design Institute Ivrea">
Interaction Design Institute Ivrea

Interaction Design Institute Ivrea (also known as Interaction Ivrea, IDII or Ivrea) was a graduate school in the field of Interaction Design operating in the town of Ivrea, in Italy.
The school director was Gillian Crampton Smith,] and the school's mission was described in Blueprint as:
The school operated from 2001
to 2005, finally merging its teaching programme with Domus Academy and subsequently ceasing operating as an independent entity when its initial 5-year endowment ran out; the new Telecom Italia ownership decided not to renew the funding. Its exhibition design unit (E1) was spun off to form an independent company, , currently operating in Milan. Among the academic advisors of Interaction Ivrea were leading practitioners and theorists like John Maeda, Ranjit Makkuni, Joy Mountford, John Thackara, Bill Verplank, , Bill Moggridge (co-founder of IDEO) and David Liddle (co-founder of Interval Research).
Interaction Ivrea has exhibited work at the Victoria and Albert's museum in London and at Salone del Mobile in Milano. It was part of the Convivio Network of Excellence European research project.
While the Institute also did a measure of outside consulting work and hosted visiting researchers, its main activity was the Interaction Design Master course, which graduated four classes of approximately 20 students each over its existence. Graduates of Interaction Ivrea now work throughout the design spectrum. The institute was involved in many projects that later became very visible in the design world: among them, the prototyping boards Wiring and Arduino, the graphics software prototyping environment Processing (started at the MIT MediaLab), the CICCIO inflatable environment and the Interaction Design Primer design manual. Ivrea alumni and ex-faculty now work in places like NABA, Domus Academy, IDEO, Iuav University of Venice, VCU, the Delft University of Technology, and fashion company CuteCircuit. Interaction Design Institute Ivrea alumni have set up the Copenhagen Institute of Interaction Design.

</doc>
<doc id="19439230" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19439230" title="Peace on Earth (Casting Crowns album)">
Peace on Earth (Casting Crowns album)

Peace on Earth is the first Christmas album by American Christian rock band Casting Crowns. Produced by Mark Hall and Mark A. Miller, it was released on October 7, 2008. Intended by Hall to bring out the worshipful aspect of Christmas, the album does not have songs relating to secular Christmas traditions, instead featuring a mix of traditional Christmas carols and original songs. As co-producer, Hall attempted to differentiate the album from their previous ones by attempting to use creative ideas they had not tried before, and he also wanted to utilize the band's female members in a broader and more visible role on the album.
Upon its release, "Peace on Earth" met with mixed reviews. Some critics praised the album's emphasis on traditional Christmas songs and the worship aspect of Christmas, while others criticized the album's original songs and felt it was a disappointment in comparison to the band's previous albums. The album peaked at number one on the "Billboard" Christian Albums and Catalog Albums charts, number two on the Holiday Albums chart, and number fifteen on the "Billboard" 200. "Peace on Earth" has been certified Gold by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA), signifying shipments of five hundred thousand copies in the United States.
Background and recording.
According to Casting Crowns' lead vocalist Mark Hall, "Peace on Earth" was written based on the question "How do you know there's peace on earth in a world that isn't very peaceful?" Hall opined that when people hear Christmas carols, they often don't hear their true message. Hall intended the album to help people rediscover the worshipful nature behind the carols. As an example of a message he wanted people to hear, he gave "I Heard the Bells on Christmas Day", a song written by Henry Wadsworth Longfellow about his rediscovery of hope amidst several personal tragedies. Hall felt that the song's message of hope was one that his kids and their generation needed to hear. As a co-producer on the album, Hall wanted to introduce aspects and ideas that the band had not done before, and he felt the album offered a chance to branch out. He wanted the band's female members, Megan Garrett and Melodee DeVevo, to play a more prominent role, in part to show people "the gifts they have".
Composition.
"Peace on Earth" does not contain material relating to secular Christmas traditions like Santa Claus or Jack Frost, instead featuring a mix of traditional Christmas carols and original songs. "I Heard the Bells on Christmas Day", instead of using a carol of bells, has a choir of children personifying the bells by singing the refrain of 'peace on earth'. "While You Were Sleeping", originally included on the band's 2005 album "Lifesong", is included in its original form. On the "Lifesong" version, the band had altered the song (originally written as a Christmas song) to remove the most "seasonal" elements; the version included on "Peace on Earth" features the lyrics in their original form. On "God Is With Us", originally recorded by Amy Grant, Hall shares lead vocal duties with the band's female members. "O Come, O Come, Emmanuel" is an instrumental piece, which makes extensive use of DeVevo's violin playing. "Away in a Manger" was originally included on "" (2005), and is included on "Peace on Earth" in that form.
Commercial reception.
"Peace on Earth" was released on October 7, 2008. It debuted at number four on the "Billboard" Christian Albums chart as well as at number two on the Holiday Albums chart and number fifty-six on the "Billboard" 200. It reached a peak of number one, two, and fifteen on those charts, respectively, as well as a peak of number one on the Catalog Albums chart. In the United States, it ranked as the thirtieth best-selling Christian album of 2008, the fifth best-selling Christian album of 2009, and the 151st best-selling album of 2009. "Peace on Earth" received a Gold certification from the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA) in November 2009, signifying shipments of over 500,000 copies in the United States.
The album's lead single, "I Heard the Bells on Christmas Day", peaked at number three on the "Billboard" Christian Songs chart and number one on the Hot Christian AC chart; it also became the band's first and only entry on the Adult Contemporary chart, peaking at number twenty-six. Several other songs from the album also charted; "Away in a Manger" charted in 2005 following its appearance on "WOW Christmas", peaking at number seven on the Christian Songs and Hot Christian AC chart. "While You Were Sleeping" peaked at number eight on the Christian Songs chart and number four on the Hot Christian AC chart, and "Joy to the World" peaked at number twenty-two on the Christian Songs chart.
Critical reception and accolades.
Upon its release, "Peace on Earth" met with a mixed reception from music critics. Jared Johnson of Allmusic gave the album 4.5 out of 5 stars, praising it for its "wide appeal" and for having "a cohesive set of songs that brings out the worship aspect of the holidays" and particularly praising "While You Were Sleeping" and "O Come, O Come, Emmanuel". Andrew Greer of "CCM Magazine" gave it 3 out of 5 stars, regarding it as a let-down in comparison to the band's previous albums as well as holiday albums that other artists had put out. Russ Breimier of "Christianity Today" gave it 2 out of 5 stars, describing it as "predictable". However, he praised "While You Were Sleeping" as an example of Mark Hall's "bold, poignant songwriting". Tony Cummings of "Cross Rhythms" gave the album a perfect 10 out of 10 stars, saying that it "bucks all the trends in that it doesn't contain saccharine, sleigh bell-drenched arrangements nor those ghastly songs about Santa and chestnuts roasting in an open fire" and praising it as an "inventive and on occasions brilliant exploration of the wonders of the incarnation". Justin Mabee of Jesus Freak Hideout gave the album 3 out of 5 stars, praising the traditional Christmas songs on the album but criticizing the original songs as having a "forced feel to them, almost like Casting Crowns wanted to do a whole album of traditional songs, but were told differently"; he remarked that "this would have probably worked better, because the originality is lacking in these few original Christmas tunes".
At the 40th GMA Dove Awards, "Peace on Earth" was nominated for and received the award for Christmas Album of the Year.
Personnel and credits.
Credits taken from the album liner notes

</doc>
<doc id="19439270" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19439270" title="Moongiltholuvu">
Moongiltholuvu

Moongiltholuv is a village and Village Panchayat (Includes Mannampalayam - மண்ணாம்பாளையம் in Tamil and Sikkalnoothu - சிக்கல்னூத்து in Tamil and few other small settlements as part of its territory) in Udumalpet Taluk, Tirupur Distirict (Formerly in Coimbatore District), Tamil Nadu, India.
Moongiltholuvu gets its name from once abundant presence of bamboo(மூங்கில் in Tamil)in this area, though at present there is rare places we can find bamboo in this village.
On the map you can find this little village at: Moongiltholuvu
Demographics.
The total population of Moongiltholuvu is 3,030 (Male - 1,520 Female -1,510).
Schools.
Moongiltholuvu has Panchayat Union Middle School.
Link to Tamil Nadu government details on the school: School Link to Tamilnadu government
Occupation.
The main and only occupation in Moongiltholuvu is Agriculture. Source of irrigation being Wells, Bore wells and Canal water from Thirumoorthy hills - (Thirumoorthy Dam). There are few small ponds in this village, water sources to them are not properly maintained and are mostly dry.Due to scarce rainfall and improprer water management water table here is going too deep and posing a great challenge to this agricultural village.
One of the ponds in Moongiltholuvu village
Temples.
There are number of Ganesh(வினாயகர்) temples, one Mariyamman(மாரியம்மன்) temple, one Perumal temple, one Ramar temple and few other temples in Moongiltholuvu
Shopping.
There are number of general provision shops in Moongiltholuvu, many tea shops, one bakery and there are two fertilizer shops. At times whole sale vegetable markets will be set up to procure local produce. There is a Tamil Nadu government run civil supplies shop in Moongiltholuvu.
Nearby tourist attractions.
Moongiltholuvu is about 45 km from Amaravathinagar and 40 km from Thirumoorthy hills - both are nice tourist spots.
Valparai - about 60 km Ooty - about 100 km Kodaikanal about 80 km are the nearby hill stations.
Palani - about 40 km is the important religious place near Moongiltholuvu.
Transportation.
This is about 21 km from Udumalaipettai on the Highway from Palani to Coimbatore.
Reach Udumalaipettai from Coimbatore or Palani and from Udumalaipettai - Local buses (Bus no:4, 4A and 34 (Three trips 7:15 am, 1:15 pm, 7:15 pm)) fly here.
There are buses available from Coimbatore and Palladam as well.
Coimbatore has an airport. Flights connect it to Chennai and other important cities. Coimbatore is connected by rail to Chennai, Trivandrum, Delhi and other cities. It is also connected to all the important cities and places of interest by road.
Postal.
Pincode - 642 202
Telephone.
BSNL Longdistance code - 04252
BSNL, Airtel, Hutch, Reliance cell phones also work well in this area.
Political.
Moongiltholuvu is in Dharapuram MLA assembly constituency of Tamil Nadu but per DELIMITATION COMMISSION OF INDIA will be included into, 125.Udumalaipettai constituency [http://eci.nic.in/delim/Final_Publications/Tamilnadu/Final%20Notification%20&%20Order%20.pdf] and Pollachi MP constituency.

</doc>
<doc id="19439271" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19439271" title="Erin Heatherton">
Erin Heatherton

Erin Heatherton (born Erin Heather Bubley; March 4, 1989) is an American fashion model and actress. She is best known for her work for lingerie retailer Victoria's Secret.
Early life.
Heatherton was born and raised in Skokie, Illinois, the daughter of Laura (née Stein) and Mark Bubley. Her family is Jewish, and she attended Solomon Schechter Day School, a Jewish day school, as well as Niles North High School.
Career.
Heatherton was discovered by a scout while vacationing with a friend on South Beach, Miami. At the age of 17 Heatherton moved to New York City and signed with the Marilyn Agency. In September of 2006 she launched her career in New York City, walking for Diane von Fürstenberg. She has since walked for Prada, Stella McCartney, Chanel, Tommy Hilfiger, Marc Jacobs, Jason Wu, Carolina Herrera, Michael Kors, Christian Lacroix, Lacoste, Valentino, Oscar de la Renta, Zac Posen, Dolce & Gabbana, Moschino, L.A.M.B., Elie Saab, Carmen Marc Valvo, Derek Lam, Etro, Isaac Mizrahi, and others.
At the age of 17, she booked her first cover with "Italian Flair". She has since appeared on the covers of "D", "Grazia", "Velvet", "Elle Czech", "Elle Russia", "Elle France", "Elle Serbia", "GQ Spain", "GQ Germany", "Beauty in Vogue", "Rush", "Flair Austria", and "Muse". She also appeared on the cover of "British GQ", "GQ Mexico", "GQ Russia", "GQ Romania", and "GQ China" alongside fellow Victoria's Secret Angels Candice Swanepoel, Lindsay Ellingson, and Lily Aldridge. Additionally, she has appeared in editorials for "Mixte", "British Elle", "Interview", "Italian D", "Numero", "V", "Italian Marie Claire", and "Harper's Bazaar".
Heatherton's campaigns include Chopard, XOXO, Diesel, Versace, Lord & Taylor, Blanco, BLK DNM, John Galliano, H&M, Blugirl, Lacoste, Armani, Liu-Jo, Valentino, Karl Lagerfeld, Osiris, Pronovias, and Dolce & Gabbana.
Heatherton is a featured supermodel on the Victoria's Secret website. She walked in the Victoria's Secret Fashion Show in 2008, 2009, 2010, 2011, 2012, and 2013. In 2010, Heatherton was officially contracted as a Victoria's Secret Angel until 2013. Heatherton has appeared on several television ads for the brand, and has been a featured face for many of the brands campaigns, including a sole featuring billboard in New York City for the company's "Showstopper" launch. She has appeared at many of the brand's press tours and store events.
In September of 2007 Heatherton was named one of the best new girls of the season by Elle.com, selected by casting director Douglas Perrett. That same month she was also named one of the season's up-and-comers by WWD.
As of December 2013 Heatherton is ranked No. 15 on Models.com top 25 sexiest models list.
In 2013 it was announced that Heatherton left Marilyn agency to sign with IMG.
Personal life.
Heatherton dated actor Leonardo DiCaprio from December 2011 to October 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="19439273" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19439273" title="Macleay">
Macleay

MacLeay or Macleay may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19439294" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19439294" title="NGC 5752">
NGC 5752

NGC 5752 is a galaxy in the constellation Boötes, member of Arp 297 interacting galaxies group of four galaxies: NGC 5752, NGC 5753, NGC 5754, NGC 5755.

</doc>
<doc id="19439296" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19439296" title="David Dietz">
David Dietz

David Dietz (1897–1984) was an American science journalist and author. He won a Pulitzer Prize in 1937.
Dietz attended Case Western Reserve University and received his bachelor's degree in 1919. In 1921 he took a position as science editor for the Scripps-Howard Newspapers, a job he kept until his retirement in 1977. From 1927 until his retirement he was a lecturer in general science at his alma mater.
Dietz was a member of the Publicity Committee of the United States National Research Council's Division of Medical Science and of Harvard University's Institute on War Problems, and was a consultant to the U. S. Army Surgeon General from 1944 to 1947. He served as science correspondent for NBC News from 1940–1950, and was heard on "Morgan Beatty News of the World" over 181 stations.
Awards.
Dietz was recognized many times during his career for his contributions to science journalism. For "coverage of science at the tercentenary of Harvard University" in 1936, with "Scripps-Howard", he shared the Pulitzer Prize for Reporting with writers for four other publishers. He also received the B. F. Goodrich Award for distinguished public service (1940), the Westinghouse Distinguished Science Writers Award (1946), the Lasker Award for medical journalism (1954), and the James T. Grady Award from the American Chemical Society (1961).
He received honorary degrees from Western Reserve (D. Litt., 1948) and from Bowling Green State University (1954).

</doc>
<doc id="19439319" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19439319" title="Clifton Hall, Nottingham">
Clifton Hall, Nottingham

Clifton Hall is a country house in the village of Clifton, Nottinghamshire (). As well as being a Grade I listed building, the hall is part of the Clifton Village Conservation Area. While the history of the place stretches back to the 11th century, the hall was remodelled in the late 18th century in a Georgian style. It was owned by the Clifton family, Lords of the Manor of Clifton, from the late 13th century to the mid-20th century. In 2008, the hall rose to tabloid prominence when it was reported that its millionaire owner, Anwar Rashid, and his family had left the house and stopped paying the mortgage because they believed it was haunted. It was repossessed by the bank and is currently on the market for £2.75m.
History.
Under the Clifton family.
The manor of Clifton was noted in the 11th century in the Domesday Survey. Clifton Hall is on top of a cliff on the edge of the village of Clifton, overlooking the River Trent, probably because the site was easily defensible. In the 13th century, the hall came into the ownership of the Clifton family. The Clifton family had arrived in the area in the 11th century and took their name from the village of Clifton where they settled. In the late 13th century, Gervase de Clifton bought the manors of Clifton and Wilford in Nottingham and the family became Lords of the Manor. The original form of Clifton Hall was that of a fortified tower house, designed for defence as well as habitation.
Charles I stayed at Clifton Hall in 1632 as a guest of Sir Gervase Clifton, 1st Baronet, the first of the Clifton baronets, who prepared for the royal visit by extending his stables, to designs by John Smythson, son of the renowned Jacobean architect Robert Smythson; other works may have been undertaken at the same time, but none remain. The hall was three stories high. Clifton Grove, a long double avenue of elms running alongside the River Trent to Wilford, was probably planted by Sir Gervase Clifton, 6th Baronet in the late 17th century. Clifton was well known in the 19th century for its grassy terraces and the grove.
Rebuild.
The house was largely rebuilt over a period of years, 1778–1797, for a later Sir Gervase Clifton, who employed the premier architect in the north of England John Carr of York. It was probably during the remodelling that the tower of the original tower house was demolished. The octagonal domed hall built by Sir Robert Clifton, which incorporated many of the old rooms of the house, c. 1750 was retained during the rebuilding. While the south wing of the hall is Carr's work, the north wing is of a later date. The north wing was probably used by servants as quarters and a working area, while the owners would have resided in the south wing. Banker and philanthropist stay at the hall lived in the hall in about 1825.
In 1896 Sir Hervey Juckes Lloyd Bruce, 4th Baronet (1843–1919) succeeded a cousin, Henry Robert Clifton, to part of the Clifton estates. The early Bruce years at Clifton are recalled in Henry James Bruce's book "Silken Dalliance" (1946).
Lieutenant Colonel Peter Thomas Clifton began in the 1940s to sell off the remainder of the Clifton family estates. There is a local legend that a portrait in the hall of the colonel on horseback was originally intended to be one of his daughter, but was changed when she died in a riding accident in Clifton Grove while it was being painted. The story is however untrue as both of the colonel's daughters outlived the colonel and later married. In 1947, (3,820,000sqm) of the family's land in Clifton was sold and an auction of the contents of Clifton Hall was held in 1953. Peter Thomas Clifton sold Clifton Hall and the remains of the estate in 1958, ending a period of 700 years where the family had owned the house.
After the Clifton family.
In 1958 the hall was opened as Clifton Hall Girls' Grammar School. It remained open until 1976. Nottingham Trent University, then Trent Polytechnic, then used the hall until 2002. It was sold to a private buyer, Chek Whyte, in the early 2000s who built houses on the grounds and converted Clifton Hall into two luxury apartments. Fourteen houses were built to the south east of the hall, Anwar Rashid bought the house in January 2007 and made an application to Nottingham City Council for permission to host weddings; however in May 2007, the council denied planning permission to hold civil ceremonies and partnerships, conferences, training courses, or media events. Anwar moved out after eight months, claiming Clifton Hall was haunted.
Haunting.
A reputation of Clifton Hall stretches back to at least the time when it was used as a school. Anwar Rashid, a businessman with a £25 million fortune and a portfolio of 26 properties, bought Clifton Hall in January 2007. The 52-room hall cost £3.6M and features 17 bedrooms, a private gym, a cinema, ten reception rooms, and ten bathrooms. Rashid made his fortune from a chain of nursing homes and a hotel in Dubai. Thirty-two-year-old Rashid and his family – consisting of his 25-year-old wife, three daughters, and a son – moved into the hall the same month as they bought the place. From the first day in the house, they allegedly experienced paranormal activity, leading them to believe that Clifton Hall was haunted. On the first evening they spent in the house, there was a knocking on the wall and they heard a voice say "is anyone there?", however they did not find anyone making the noises. Rashid said "The day we moved in we had our first experience. We sat down in the evening to relax and there was a knock on the wall. We heard this, 'Hello, is anyone there'? We ignored it the first time but two minutes later we heard the man's voice again. I got up to have a look but the doors were locked and the windows were closed." On another occasion Nabila, Anwar Rashid's wife, thought she saw her eldest daughter watching television downstairs at 5 am, however when she checked in her daughter's room, Nabila discovered her daughter was still in bed. Eventually, the family's friends refused to go round to the house.
Eager to get rid of the ghosts the family believed were haunting them, they invited Ashfield Paranormal Investigation Network to investigate the hall. The investigators were unable to stop the haunting and the leader of the group said "Clifton Hall is the only place where I've ever really been scared, even in the light. It's just got a really eerie feeling about it". When drops of blood were found on the baby's quilt of their 18-month-old son, the family decided to leave. Rashid said "When we found red blood spots on the baby's quilt, that was the day my wife said she'd had enough. We didn't even stay that night". After spending eight months in Clifton Hall, the family moved out of the house in August 2007. They stopped paying the mortgage in January 2008 and, on 18 September 2008, the Yorkshire Bank reclaimed the property. Speaking of his experience in Clifton Hall, Rashid said "When people used to tell me about ghosts, I would never believe them and would say 'whatever'. But I would have to tell any new owner that it was haunted having experienced it".

</doc>
<doc id="19439326" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19439326" title="Oklahoma Indian Jazz">
Oklahoma Indian Jazz

"Oklahoma Indian Jazz" is a dance tune written in 1923 by Ray Hibbler, T.J. Johnsen, J.W. Barna, J.W. Murrin, and T. Guarini. It was advertised as a Fox trot.

</doc>
<doc id="19439329" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19439329" title="Enoch Kofi Adu">
Enoch Kofi Adu

Enoch Kofi Adu (born September 14, 1990 in Kumasi) is a Ghanaian international footballer currently playing for Norwegian Premier League side Stabæk on loan from Club Brugge.
Career.
On 23 September 2008 he moved from Liberty Professionals F.C. to OGC Nice and signs a contract between 30 June 2011. He moved also with national team mate Abeiku Quansah to Nice from Ghana. On 26 March 2010 the 19-year-old Ghanaian from OGC Nice joined for a trial to Sweden, for training with the professionals of GAIS, until this weekend has the midfielder the chance to recommend a contract. Adu signed a contract with Nordsjælland on the 16 July 2010.
International career.
He represented his homeland by the 2007 FIFA U-17 World Cup in Korea Republic and played 6 games by the tournament.

</doc>
<doc id="19439364" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19439364" title="Dome of the Prophet">
Dome of the Prophet

The Dome of the Prophet () also known as the Dome of Gabriel ("Qubbat Jibril") is a free-standing dome in the northern Temple Mount ("Haram ash-Sharif") in Jerusalem that serves as a symbolic monument rather than a religious building. It is a part of the terrace of the Dome of the Rock and is one of three Ottoman-built free-standing domes in the Temple Mount vicinity.
History.
Originally, the Dome of the Prophet was built in 1538 by Muhammad Bey, Ottoman Governor of Jerusalem. However, it was restored in 1620 on the orders of Farruk Bey, the succeeding Governor of Jerusalem and completed during the reign of the Ottoman Sultan Suleiman II. The dome today mostly reflects the 1620 restoration. The dome is a commemoration of the Islamic prophet Muhammad. Further additions were made to the dome in 1845.
Several Muslim writers, most notably al-Suyuti, claimed that the site of the dome is where Muhammad led the prophets and angels in prayer on the night of Isra and Mir'aj before ascending to Heaven. Endowment documents from the Ottoman period indicate that a portion of the endowment of the al-Aqsa Mosque was dedicated to maintain the lighting of an oil-lamp in the Dome of the Prophet each night.
Architecture.
The Dome of the Prophet's octagonal structure is built atop eight gray marble columns. The dome is hemispherical and is supported by pointed arches decorated with red, black and white stones. The ancient "mihrab" is made of a white marble slab embedded in the floor and surrounded by red-colored stones and subsequently delimited by a low wall, that traditionally opened in the north to allow entrance of Muslim worshipers heading southward to Mecca for the "Hajj".
The dome is much smaller than the other free-standing domes in the vicinity, being no larger than the entrance to the Dome of the Rock structure.

</doc>
<doc id="19439381" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19439381" title="Plurality (company)">
Plurality (company)

Plurality Ltd. is an Israeli semiconductor company, the developer of the HyperCore technology and the HAL (HyperCore Architecture Line) multi-core processor. The company is a member of the Multicore Association.
HyperCore.
Plurality develops the HyperCore CPU technology, which is a MIMD 32-bit RISC based multi-processor on a single chip, and contains from 16 to 256 cores. HyperCore technology supports executing both fine-grained and coarse-grain parallelism due to its special hardware Synchronizer/Scheduler, shared memory and task based programming model. 
The HyperCore technology's synchronizer/scheduler (patented, see below also) eliminates the need of repeatedly executing a special kernel program controlling and deciding which task (or thread) to currently assign and execute on a given processor. The ability to synchronize tasks in hardware allows the processor to support fine-grained programs and to achieve almost a linear speedup. Fine grained programs can only be executed when tasks' duration is significantly shorter than the overhead time introduced by the scheduler. The HyperCore's shared memory (patent pending) avoid the coherency problem and keep a single memory space for all cores in the system thus simplifying the programming model significantly. 
Patents.
Synchronizer/scheduler.
Dr. Nimrod Bayer and Dr. Ran Ginosar, two of Plurality’s founders, received United States Patent 5202987 (“A High Flow-Rate Synchronizer/Scheduler for Multiprocessors”) for the company’s core technology on April 13, 1993. The patent has been cited by more than 30 subsequent patents. The patent abstract is as follows: 
"A high flow rate synchronizer/scheduler apparatus for a multiprocessor system during program run-time, comprises a connection matrix for monitoring and detecting computational tasks which are allowed for execution containing a task map and a network of nodes for distributing to the processors information or computational tasks detected to be enabled by the connection matrix. The network of nodes possesses the capability of decomposing information on a pack of allocated computational tasks into messages of finer sub-packs to be sent towards the processors, as well as the capability of unifying packs of information on termination of computational tasks into a more comprehensive pack. A method of performing the synchronization/scheduling in the multiprocessor system of this apparatus is also described."

</doc>
<doc id="19439382" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19439382" title="Daniel Moore (footballer)">
Daniel Moore (footballer)

Daniel Robert Moore (born 11 October 1988 in Inverness) is a Scottish footballer, who currently plays for Elgin City. Moore previously played for Ross County and Peterhead.

</doc>
<doc id="19439417" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19439417" title="Val Ferret">
Val Ferret

Val Ferret is the name of the two valleys departing from the Col Ferret on the border between Italy and Switzerland, on the southern side the Mont Blanc Massif. To the northeast, the Swiss valley, which drains into the Rhône basin; to the southwest, the Italian valley, which drains into the Po basin.
The two valleys are connected by a mountain footpath through Col Ferret. Access to Col Ferret is forbidden for private motor vehicles, on both sides.
Swiss Val Ferret.
The Swiss Val Ferret is a valley on the southern side of Rhône valley in the canton of Valais in Switzerland. It lies between the Mont Blanc Massif and the Pennine Alps, with the river "La Dranse de Ferret" running down the length of the valley from its source to "La Dranse" river.
Geography.
The valley starts at the Col Ferret (2490 m) on the Italian border. It is surrounded by high mountains, especially on the west side (Mont Dolent, Tour Noir and other summits of the Mont Blanc Massif). 
The main villages of the Val Ferret are (from up to down): Ferret, L'A Neuve, La Fouly, Prayon, Praz de Fort, Issert and Som la Proz, all belonging to the municipality of Orsières. Altogether, the valley has approximately 700 inhabitants (1 January 2008).
Tourism.
The valley is mostly frequented by hikers on the route of the Tour du Mont Blanc. Many excursions are possible from the villages, such as: Cabane de l'A Neuve from L'A Neuve or Cabane de Saleina from Praz de Fort or Cabane du Trient above the Trient Glacier.
Italian Val Ferret.
The Italian Val Ferret is the first left-side valley of Val d'Aosta, just south of the Mont Blanc Massif.
Geography.
From Col Ferret (Swiss border), the valley runs down, beneath the Pré de Bar glacier and the towering Grandes Jorasses peaks. The stream running through the valley is the Dora di Ferret (), which, near La Palud (in front of the Italian Mont Blanc Tunnel exit), joins the Dora di Veny () flowing down from Val Veny to form the Dora Baltea, a left-hand tributary of Po.
The main villages are Arnouvaz, Planpincieux and La Palud, all in the Courmayeur municipality.

</doc>
<doc id="19439424" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19439424" title="Alfred Egerton">
Alfred Egerton

The Honourable Alfred John Francis Egerton (6 February 1854 – 25 September 1890), was a British Conservative politician.
He was the youngest son of the Second Earl of Ellesmere and Lady Mary Campbell. Egerton served as a lieutenant in the Grenadier Guards and married Isabelle Clarisande Gertrude Gorges in 1881.
In 1885 he was elected as Conservative MP for Eccles in Lancashire, and was re-elected in the following year.
He died after a long illness at Burwood House, his mother's residence in 1890, aged 36.

</doc>
<doc id="19439444" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19439444" title="KIV-7">
KIV-7

The KIV-7 is a National Security Agency Type-1, single-channel encryptor originally designed in the mid-1990s by AlliedSignal Corporation to meet the demand for secure data communications from personal computers (PC), workstations, and FAXs. It has data rates up to 512 kbit/s and is interoperable with the KG-84, KG-84A, and KG-84C data encryption devices.
Versions.
Several versions of the KIV-7 have been developed over the years by many different corporations that have either bought the rights to build the KIV-7 or through corporate mergers. 

</doc>
<doc id="19439479" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19439479" title="Maanpuolustusopisto">
Maanpuolustusopisto

Maanpuolustusopisto (MpO, "National Defence College") was the military junior college of the Finnish Defence Forces, located in Lappeenranta. The school had a separate program for training officers "vocationally" such that they would graduate as Second Lieutenants ("vänrikki"), without going to the national military academy, Cadet School.
The origin of the school was in non-commissioned officers school ("Kanta-aliupseerikoulu"). In 1974, however, professional NCOs ("kanta-aliupseeri"s) were promoted to officers called "toimiupseeri" ("toimi" refers to a specialist post) and the school became "Päällystöopisto" "Command School". Graduates would be promoted to "vääpeli" (cf. Staff Sergeant), a NCO rank. In 1993, accordance with the general restructuring of the educational system, where similar postsecondary-level schools were recategorized as tertiary, the school was also reinvented as "Maanpuolustusopisto". Training would take 2.5 years and graduates were to be promoted directly to "vänrikki", an officer rank.
The rank of the students was "opistoupseerioppilas", which was comparable to ylikersantti, and they would be promoted to "vänrikki" on graduation. They could be promoted up to "yliluutnantti" (Senior Lieutenant, company vice-commander) and in later years, to "kapteeni" (Captain, company commander). Their practical tasks would be mainly training conscripts.
It was decommissioned in 2001, and replaced by Maasotakoulu ("Land Warfare School"), which provides the undergraduate training for all cadets, who study in Lappeenranta for a year and then go to Finnish National Defence University in Helsinki. The last cohorts from the school were quickly promoted to "luutnantti", and existing graduates may complete their degree by studying while working.

</doc>
<doc id="19439487" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19439487" title="Star Wars marathon">
Star Wars marathon

A "Star Wars" marathon is an event where individuals watch all six "Star Wars" films consecutively.
"Star Wars" marathons usually only feature Episodes I–VI and do not include either of the Ewok films ("Caravan of Courage" and "The Battle for Endor"), "" animated movie or "Star Wars Holiday Special". Watching the entire film collection will take around 13.5 hours, 797 minutes plus an extra 7 minutes if special editions .
Official Star Wars marathons.
To commemorate the release of "" on 19 May 2005 the Empire Cinema in London's Leicester Square hosted a day-long Star Wars marathon showing of all six movies. An army of Imperial stormtroopers "guarded" the area, and the Royal Philharmonic Orchestra gave a free concert of "Star Wars" music.
To celebrate the 30th anniversary of the release of on 23 May 2007 a "Star Wars" marathon began at the Los Angeles Convention Center with a free showing of the six films.
On 1 January 2007, Sky Movies broadcast a "Star Wars" marathon starting at 6:00am with ' and ending at 8:30pm with the end of '. All six films were broadcast in high definition.
In 2012, following the Walt Disney Company's acquisition of Lucasfilm, a new Star Wars trilogy was announced, beginning with in 2015. These upcoming movies will likely be added to all future Star Wars marathons.

</doc>
<doc id="19439542" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19439542" title="I Am Ready">
I Am Ready

I Am Ready is American country music artist Steve Wariner's tenth full-length album. It was released in 1991 on Arista Records as his first for the label, following his departure from MCA Records. Singles from the album include "Leave Him Out of This", "The Tips of My Fingers" (a cover of Bill Anderson's 1960 hit), "A Woman Loves", "Crash Course in the Blues" and "Like a River to the Sea". Respectively, these reached #6, #3, #9, #32 and #30 on the "Billboard" country charts. The album was certified gold by the RIAA, and was Wariner's first album to achieve that certification.

</doc>
<doc id="19439558" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19439558" title="Strominger's equations">
Strominger's equations

In heterotic string theory, the Strominger's equations are the set of equations that are necessary and sufficient conditions for spacetime supersymmetry. It is derived by requiring the 4-dimensional spacetime to be maximally symmetric, and adding a warp factor on the internal 6-dimensional manifold.
Consider a metric formula_1 on the real 6-dimensional internal manifold "Y" and a Hermitian metric "h" on a vector bundle "V". The equations are:
These equations imply the usual field equations, and thus are the only equations to be solved.
However, there are topological obstructions in obtaining the solutions to the equations;
In case "V" is the tangent bundle formula_18 and formula_1 is Kähler, we can obtain a solution of these equations by taking the Calabi-Yau metric on formula_20 and formula_18.
Once the solutions for the Strominger's equations are obtained, the warp factor formula_22, dilaton formula_23 and the background flux "H", are determined by

</doc>
<doc id="19439560" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19439560" title="Sołtan argument">
Sołtan argument

The Sołtan argument is an astrophysical theory outlined in 1982 by Polish astronomer Andrzej Sołtan. It maintains that if quasars were powered by accretion onto a supermassive black hole, then such supermassive black holes must exist in our local universe as "dead" quasars.
History.
As early as 1969, Donald Lynden-Bell wrote a paper suggesting that "dead quasars" were found at the center of the Milky Way and nearby galaxies by arguing that given the quasar-number counts, luminosities, distances, and the efficiency of accretion into a "Schwarzschild throat" through the last stable circular orbit (note that the term "black hole" had been coined only two years earlier and was still gaining popular usage), roughly 1010 quasars existed in the observable universe. This number density of "dead quasars" was attributed by Lynden-Bell to high mass-to-light ratio objects found at the center of galaxies. This is essentially the Sołtan argument, though the direct connection between black hole masses and quasar luminosity functions is missing. In the paper, Lynden-Bell also suggests some radical ideas that are now fully integrated into modern understanding of astrophysics including the model that accretion disks are supported by magnetic fields, that extragalactic cosmic rays are accelerated in them, and he estimates to within an order of magnitude the masses of several of the closest supermassive black holes including the ones in the Milky Way, M31, M32, M81, M82, M87, and NGC 4151.
Thirteen years later, Sołtan explicitly showed that the luminosity (formula_1) of quasars was due to the accretion rate of mass onto black holes given by:
formula_2
where
Given the number of observed quasars at various redshifts, he was able to derive an integrated energy density due to quasar output. Since observers on Earth are flux limited, there are always more quasars that exist than are observed and thus the energy density he derived is a lower bound. He obtained the value of approximately 10−10 ergs per cubic meter.
Sołtan calculated the mass density of accreted material as it is directly related to the energy density of quasar light. He derived a value of approximately 1014 solar masses per cubic Gigaparsec. This mass would be discretely distributed (since quasars are single point sources); given an average mass of approximately ten million solar masses, it would be statistically likely for a "dead quasar" to be within a few megaparsecs of Earth.
At this time, evidence was already accumulating that supermassive black holes were found at the center of large galaxies, which are distributed approximately on the order of a megaparsec apart from each other. This argument therefore made a reasonable case that supermassive black holes were at one time ultraluminous quasars.
The first quantitative estimates of the mass density in supermassive black holes were 5-10 times higher than Soltan's estimate. This discrepancy was resolved in 2000 via the discovery of the M-sigma relation, which showed that most of the previously-published black hole masses were in error.
Present constraints.
As of 2008, the best constraints for the supermassive black hole mass per cubic megaparsec in the local universe derived from the Sołtan argument is between 2 - 5 x 105 solar masses. This value is consistent with observations of the mass of local supermassive black holes.

</doc>
<doc id="19439570" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19439570" title="Dragon Pirate Stories">
Dragon Pirate Stories

The Dragon Pirate Stories are a collection of 20 books written as a reading scheme for primary schools in the 1960s/1970s by Sheila K McCullagh and illustrated by Mary Gernat. The series is not to be confused with the The Griffin Pirate Stories by the same author.

</doc>
<doc id="19439597" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19439597" title="Denmark in the Eurovision Song Contest 1992">
Denmark in the Eurovision Song Contest 1992

Denmark entered the Eurovision Song Contest 1992 with "Alt det som ingen ser", sung by Lotte Nilsson and Kenny Lübcke after they won the Danish national final, Dansk Melodi Grand Prix 1992.
Dansk Melodi Grand Prix 1992.
The Danish broadcaster Danmarks Radio (DR) continued to use the Dansk Melodi Grand Prix format to select the Danish entry for Eurovision. The 1992 edition of Dansk Melodi Grand Prix was held on 29 February at the Aalborghallen in Aalborg, hosted by Anne-Cathrine Herdorf and Anders Frandsen. The winner from the 10 songs competing was chosen through two round of televoting, the first to select the top 5 songs, with the second to select the winner.
The winner of Dansk Melodi Grand Prix 1992 was Lotte Nilsson and Kenny Lübcke with the song "Alt det som ingen ser".
At Eurovision.
Nilsson and Lübcke performed 18th on the night of the contest, following Ireland and preceding Italy. "Alt det som ingen ser" received 47 points, placing 12th in a field of 23.

</doc>
<doc id="19439611" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19439611" title="Peter Clarke (artist)">
Peter Clarke (artist)

Peter Clark (born 1929 in Simons Town, South Africa) is a highly accomplished and versatile visual South African artist, working across a broad spectrum of media. But he also has a literary side as an internationally acclaimed writer and poet. Of these three roles, he jokes: "Had I been triplets, it would have made it much easier because each could have his own job... There are times when I go through a writing phase and there are times for phases of picture-making but there is never a dull moment."
Clark is best known for his graphic prints, particularly his woodcuts, and more recently he has moved into collage. He also uses leather, glass, found objects and other mixed media to produce his colourful work.
Clark's artistic career spans many decades and he has unsurprisingly produced a large number of works and appeared in many exhibitions. Nevertheless, commentators generally feel that despite this experience and exposure, his work is not given the full recognition it deserves.
Modus operandi.
Clark works from his home in Ocean View, Cape Town. He has never had his own studio and this fact impacts upon his work. Printmaking can be awkward if not impossible in a small space and this restriction has helped trigger Clark's recent move to alternative media.
The confines of home have also impacted on the scale of his work. Small artworks are more practical and Clark says his work has therefore tended to be smaller. He says: "I do make tiny prints at home but one has to improvise terribly and from home does have an impact on size and the amount of prints you can produce."
Clark works consistently, interspersed with other activities, in a natural rhythm that oscillates between writing and art making. "I work when the idea strikes. I don't have a regime; while I work the ideas come. I'm not interested in waiting around for the muse," he says.
Clark's poetry has more recently taken a back seat - largely because it requires substantial reflection. Clark says: "Writing about a character is one thing but... one needs to spend more time on poetry. It makes more demands."
Artist's statements.
Although his work has naturally evolved over time, Clark says its latest twist towards collage heralds a more abrupt and obvious change. He says: "Up to a certain time, I worked in a narrative manner. I had things to say and it was also expected of black artists to make statements about the state of affairs in the country. But it was a phase and I felt at the time that I also wanted to produce artwork without it necessarily making a statement about anything in particular.
"After 1994, I started feeling that one must also explore other things beyond the statement. I felt it was a time for liberation, a renaissance as being felt South Africa in any case. So I gave to working with various kinds of material like coloured paper, cloths, labels and whatever... I also became aware at this time of a lot of scrap material - like junk mail. Some of it is so colourful. I realized I could use it as material.
"South Africa is a very inspiring place. I am very much interested in people. If I decided only to work in a figurative way, there would be no end to what I want to say about people. People here are more involved with each other. The climate has a lot to do with it. And the variety of people - the physical variety - is very exciting in fact and the way people interact or not. I used to think of South Africa as a mad house... but a mad house is far more interesting, really. Had I lived in Europe, my art would have been completely different and probably not at all figurative.
"My earliest influences were the Mexican artists of the 1930s, 40s and 50s and the German Expressionists. I have also been very interested in Japanese art. It has a very attractive style. In the early 1940s and 50s, I also began thinking about what an art teacher school had said. And I took evening classes at St Phillips in District Six where I came into contact with others involved in that space. The interaction led to exploration through books and exhibitions in Cape Town.
With retrospect, Clark thinks the theme of space is recurrent through his work. He says: "Physical space, mental space... these seem to have been a preoccupation throughout my life." Even his poetry has reflected this concern, as the words of one of his poems describe: "Sunlight reflected in a distant window".
Recently Clark worked on a series of collages. Each artwork comprises a fan constructed with a particular person in mind. The character could be historical, Biblical, a literary figure, or drawn directly from Clarke's life. Below the fan are a few paragraphs of beautifully written text describing that particular person's thoughts. In some cases, as for artist Helen Martins, the words are lifted from their actual writings. In other cases, Clarke creates dialogue that he imagines would represent their thought process. The fan series therefore draws on both Clarke's visual and literary talents - a fitting culmination of talents for an artist approaching 75 years of age.
Two years before the collages, Clarke had a residency at Caversham graphic workshop in Natal. He says: "The conditions were ideal so one can't help feeling inspired. I happily worked on a bigger scale - and that is what I would like to do with my next print."
Clark began working eight or nine years ago on collage books that fold up into boxes of various shapes and sizes that he handcrafts from leather. He says he draws much of his inspiration for these books from music: "A lot of them are inspired by jazz, although I'm more of a classics person. I enjoy music very much because my father always had a collection of records so music was heard quite a lot. I enjoy listening to music and expressing it in a different way."
Clark says of his books: "You can't fold up a Monet or a Cezanne or any precious work of art. But with one like this, you can fold it up and carry it in a little box. You can sit next to somebody in a waiting room and say: 'I've got something to show you' and lift it out its box."
Clark, at 81 years of age, has participated in so many exhibitions and appeared in such a myriad of journals that keeping track is a full-time job. He has appeared in many solo and group exhibitions in South Africa and abroad - as the list shows.
His life also spans a tumultuous period in South African history that saw both the instigation and later the demise of apartheid. Clarke says democracy has ushered in a decade of "very exciting" South African art: "Democracy created a lot of mental freedom and there are a lot of positive things happening. There is a great variety of themes, media and modes of production. There is also a lot of junk, but that is inevitable. In the process of finding oneself, one will always produce things that are not up to very high standards. But it is all part of the process and part of expression. It is quite exciting to see what is being produced in South Africa today. We can go to the rest of the world and show what is being made here."
Clark is continuing with making his collage books. "The idea is just to have fun - like picture books for children, which take them into another world. These are meant to act in the same way. It's just the artist in old age indulging in fun and games. I just want to feel happy, not to look for a reason or a heavy explanation. It's just shape and colour and forms for enjoyment." This sense of fun is extended into the gallery when these books are on display. Clarke likes the fact that they break through the usual 'look-but-don't-touch' environment.
Clark's series of fans is ongoing and he says he will not stop creating new characters in a hurry. However, he is intrigued by the idea of working on an "enormous" scale in print at some point because of the experimentation and exploration it allows.
Curriculum Vitae.
Clark produces collage with recycled paper and found objects, leather, metal, glass; he is also a graphic artist in particular known for his woodcuts; a writer and a poet.
Awards.
Six international awards for writing and art (Italy, USA, & Taiwan), including Honorary life member, Museum of African American Art, Los Angeles (1984). Six South African awards for writing and art, including three since 2000, not least Order of Ikhamanga, silver class (2005), and the Molteno Award (2000) for services to the visual arts, awarded by the Cape Tercentenary Foundation.
Collections.
Arnold Becher Museum, SA; Baerum Kommune, Sandvika, Norway; Caledon Museum, Caledon, SA; Cape Town City Library, SA; Community Arts Project, SA; Dennis W. Koles, Kiama, NSW, Australia; District Six Museum, CT, SA; Durban Art Museum, SA; Fisk University, Nashville, Tennessee, US; Fuba Collection, Johannesburg, SA; Hymie and Jean Berndt, Kenilworth, SA; Johnson Publishing Co., Chicago, US; King George VI Art Gallery, PE, SA; Kunsthalle Museen der Stadt Bielefeld, Germany; Library of Congress, Washington D.C., US; Livingstone High School, Claremont, SA; Municipal Collection, Fish Hoek, SA; Municipal Museum, Simon's Town, SA; Museum of African American Art, LA, US; Museum of Contemporary Art, Skopje, Yugoslavia; Natal Technikon, Durban, SA; National Museum and Art Gallery, Gaborone, Botswana, PAM; Nasou Publishing Co, CT, SA; National Art Gallery, Gabarone, Botswana, Pentech, Bellville, SA; Pretoria Art Museum, Pretoria, SA; SA Fine Worsted Co, CT, SA; Sasol Collection, Stellenbosch, SA; Stichting Afrika Museum, Berg en Dal, Holland; South African National Gallery; University of Fort Hare, Alice, SA; Univ. of the North-West, SA; Univ. of Stellenbosch, SA; Univ. of the Western Cape, SA; Univ. of Zululand, SA; William Humphreys Art Gallery, Kimberley, SA; Bruce Campbell Smith Collection.

</doc>
<doc id="19439631" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19439631" title="Judith of Schweinfurt">
Judith of Schweinfurt

Judith of Schweinfurt (; before 1003 – 2 August 1058) was a Duchess of Bohemia.
Family.
She was the wife of Bretislaus I of Bohemia. Her parents were Henry, margrave of Nordgau (Bavaria), and his wife Gerberga. She was a scion of the House of Babenberg.
Bretislaus and Jitka.
The House of Přemysl wished to confirm its good relationship with the Babenbergs through a marriage to Judith in 1020. Judith was a desirable bride, but Oldřich of Bohemia had only one son, Bretislaus, and he was of illegitimate birth, thus complicating the prospect of a marriage with the high-born Judith. Bretislaus solved the problem by kidnapping Judith from a monastery, although he was never punished for the crime. He married Judith some time later. Their first son Spytihněv was born after almost ten years, which led to the hypothesis that the kidnapping happened in 1029, although Judith may have given birth to daughters before her first son.
Exile in Hungary.
After Bretislaus died in 1055, Judith may have been sent by Spytihněv out of Bohemia, like other Germans, and moved to Hungary. In Hungary she may have married the former king Peter Urseolo of Hungary, who had been deposed in 1046.
Judith died in 1058 and was buried in St. Vitus Cathedral in Prague.

</doc>
<doc id="19439654" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19439654" title="2008–09 Heart of Midlothian F.C. season">
2008–09 Heart of Midlothian F.C. season

The 2008–09 season is the 112th season of competitive football by Heart of Midlothian.
Overview.
Hearts began the campaign with a new manager, Csaba László, at the helm. In Laszlo's first game in charge Hearts drew 1–1 with Northern Irish side Glentoran (losing 6–5 on penalties.) Two days later Hearts travelled to Dunfermline where they lost 1–0. On the same day Hearts set out on their 10 day pre-season tour of Germany.
League campaign.
The club began the season with a home win against Motherwell and had a good run in the early stages of the campaign, climbing as high as second in the table in late September. The good start looked under threat when it was revealed that players wages had not been paid, although the problem was blamed on a "technical hitch" with wages to be paid on Friday 26 September. However in April 2009 the club was able to announce a £6 million reduction in their debt level.
After a run of poor results in October, the club set off on a run of five league wins in a row starting with a 1–0 away win over St. Mirren and culminating in a 2–1 home win over Rangers that left them third in the table. However Hearts' strike force had only managed to score 2 goals in 19 games and was looking ineffective. After a 1–1 draw at Celtic Park, there followed a draw at home against Dundee United, a defeat at Pittodrie and a goalless draw against Hibernian.
Hearts boosted their chances of a third place finish and qualification for the Europa League with a 2–1 win over 5th-placed Aberdeen, Christian Nade cancelled out Darren Mackie's opener on the stroke of half time before Andy Driver scored the winner in the second half.
On 28 February Hearts beat fellow 3rd place hopefuls, Dundee Utd 1–0 at Tannadice with Michael Stewart's second half stike. This moved them 5 points clear in 3rd place, following which Hearts then defeated Motherwell 2–1 at Tynecastle with a last minute goal from Ruben Palazuelos.
Hearts visited Easter Road on 14 March and lost 1–0 through Steven Fletcher's goal. Hearts then took themselves to Ibrox where they found themselves 2–0 down at half time but a spirited second half changed the course of the match with Christos Karipidis and Ruben Palazuelos both netting to make it 2–2.
Hearts then followed their success with a terrific 3–1 over Kilmarnock at Tynecastle. Hearts lost an early goal from Danny Invincible but a Calum Elliot brace and a Bruno Aguiar strike made Hearts comfortable winners, securing a top six finish, which they failed to achieve the previous season, the only time in the clubs history.
After success against Kilmarnock, Hearts faced Celtic in the second last game before the split. Hearts lost a goal inside the 1st minute from Venegoor of Hessilink but equalised before half time from an outstanding freekick from Bruno Aguiar, gaining Hearts another point from the Old Firm. This left only an away game at Falkirk before the league table split. Despite a 2–0 loss to Rangers and a 1–0 loss to Hibs, Hearts beat Dundee United 3–0 to finish in third place in Csaba Lazlo's debut season. Their final game, a 0–0 draw with Celtic, ensured that the Glasgow club missed out on the title.
Domestic cups.
Hearts entered the Scottish League Cup at the second round and were given a tough game by First Division side Airdrie United, being defeated on penalties after a 0–0 draw.
The club entered the Scottish Cup in the Fourth Round where they faced Edinburgh derby rivals Hibernian at Easter Road. Hearts won the game 2–0 with goals from Christian Nadé and Gary Glen to set up a Fifth Round tie with Falkirk. They were then eliminated by Falkirk following a 1–0 home defeat.
Transfers.
Lazslo's first signing came on 20 July 2008 when he signed Ugandan international, David Obua. On 11 August 2008, Mike Tullberg signed a one year loan deal with Hearts, becoming Laszlo's second signing, but his career in Edinburgh was set back by recurring injury problems.
During the January transfer window the club lost Christophe Berra to Wolverhampton Wanderers in a deal worth around £2.5 million. Robbie Neilson was handed the captain's armband following Berra's departure.
Player statistics.
NOTE: League appearances only

</doc>
<doc id="19439670" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19439670" title="Wilhelm Solheim">
Wilhelm Solheim

Wilhelm G. Solheim II is an American anthropologist recognized as most senior practitioner of archaeology in Southeast Asia, and as a pioneer in the study of Philippine and Southeast Asian prehistoric archaeology. He is perhaps best known, however, for hypothesizing the existence of the Nusantao Maritime Trading and Communication Network (NMTCN), one of two dominant hypotheses regarding the peopling of the Asia-Pacific region during the Neolithic age.
Education.
Solheim began his archaeological training at the University of California, Berkeley, and then spent several semesters at the University of the Philippines under Prof. H. Otley Beyer. He completed his Ph.D. at the University of Arizona in 1959.
He has been Professor Emeritus Department of Anthropology, University of Hawaiʻi at Mānoa since he retired in December 1991. 
In 1997, he joined the staff of the Archaeological Studies Program at the University of the Philippines, Diliman.

</doc>
<doc id="19439673" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19439673" title="Arp 64">
Arp 64

Arp 64 is a galaxy in the constellation Boötes.

</doc>
<doc id="19439678" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19439678" title="Waldorf School of San Diego">
Waldorf School of San Diego

Waldorf School of San Diego (WSSD) is an independent Waldorf school located in the Oak Park neighborhood of San Diego, California. It offers preschool/kindergarten through 12th grades with an enrollment of 284 in 2011. Founded in 1981, it is one of approximately more than 250 independent North American and 1,000 world-wide Waldorf schools. The school is an accredited member school of the Association of Waldorf Schools of North America.
In September 2008, the school inaugurated its high school program with Grade 9. The school has received financial support and guidance from the Rudolf Steiner Foundation.
The Waldorf School of San Diego also serves as a campus for the Waldorf teacher training program of the Waldorf Institute of Southern California.
Curriculum.
The curriculum of the Waldorf School of San Diego is based on the educational philosophy developed by Rudolf Steiner. Each grade provides educational activities that are designed to respond to the physical, emotional, intellectual and spiritual needs at that stage of the children's development. The visual arts, music and other performing arts, and handcrafts are emphasized as well as the traditional subjects of reading, English, history, mathematics, science, geography, etc.
The hallmark of a Waldorf education is the schooling of the head, heart and hands. We not only want to develop each child’s intellect but ensure that they have the will to get up off the couch and engage themselves with an open heart. Working with the hands is one of the ways to develop the neurological passageways that establish the foundation of thinking. Conscious development and training of the hands using diverse mediums such as copper work, stained glass, beeswax, woodwork, blacksmithing, felting, and much more, also leads to enhanced cognition and understanding for the students. Another hallmark is the integration of an artistic component into every academic subject (even history, math and science!). This keeps the students interested and engaged, making even the most difficult topics exciting and fun! 
 The early childhood program is play-based so that each child can develop vital social and emotional skills, as well as their artistic and imaginative skills (the foundation for memory and retention). The focus is also on building a strong, healthy physical body through plenty of outdoor play, bio-dynamic gardening, daily movement in circle time with songs, verses and games, and organic food served daily. The fine and gross motor skills are refined so that a foundation is laid for the academic work that begins in Grade 1. 
 In the elementary grades 1-8, there is no testing or grading, so the work done by each student comes from a genuine love of learning! The Main Lesson teacher who leads most of the academic work consistently assesses each student’s work throughout the year and parents receive a substantial written year-end report. There is also a short written report from each of the 7-8 Special Subjects teachers. The school's gardening program has included instruction in biodynamic composting and a project to plant fruit trees on the campus. 
 Following the strong foundation of early childhood and the elementary grades, the students are well prepared for the rigorous academic work brought in high school where they now receive a broad and rich education. In high school, the students are developmentally ready for testing and grading, which is documented in mid-year and year-end report cards - all closely monitored by the student in conjunction with each subject teacher (up to 14 different teachers, each an expert in their field of study). The social and community service that is an integral part of their high school journey helps the teenager navigate their adolescence with a warm heart and a sense of purpose. The end result is an enlivening education which puts a high value on Waldorf students at colleges and universities across the country and abroad!
Curriculum related field trips begin in Grade 1 and continue through to Grade 12. There is a particular focus on sustainable outdoor adventure,along with social and community service in the two week trips at the end of Grade 8 and Grade 11.
The school offers a wide variety of sports including track and field, golf, soccer, swimming, tennis, water polo, and dance. Beginning in the 6th Grade, students may join the girls or boys basketball team or the co-ed soccer team, all of which compete in local leagues.

</doc>
<doc id="19439684" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19439684" title="Eric Hjorleifson">
Eric Hjorleifson

Eric Hjorleifson (born on 14 March 1983) is a professional freeskier. He was born and raised in Canmore, Alberta. Hjorleifson contributes yearly to ski movies made by the film company Matchstick Productions. Eric creates the design and graphics for a line of skis for 4FRNT.
Childhood.
Hjorleifson grew up in Canmore, Alberta. His father was a gymnastics coach and a stonemason. He learned to ski before he was two years old. His biggest mentor was his father, but also local race coaches Richard Jagger and Guy Mowbray.

</doc>
<doc id="19439686" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19439686" title="Southern Chakavian">
Southern Chakavian

Southern Chakavian () or Ikavian Chakavian is a subdialect of the Chakavian dialect of Serbo-Croatian. It is spoken in the area south of the Middle Chakavian area, in a narrow strip of Croatian Littoral and the neighbouring islands: outskirts of Split and Zadar; Korčula, Pelješac, Brač, Hvar, Vis and Šolta.
The speech of Split originally belonged to this dialect, but under the influence of Shtokavian immigrants and standard Croatian promoted by the state media, a local idiom that has lost many of characteristic Chakavian traits developed, even though a part of older population retains Chakavian dialect in their speech.
Lots of speeches of this dialect mix Chakavian and Shtokavian features. It is assumed that in the past this dialect covered larger territory in the hinterland, being gradually suppressed by constant migrations who carried Shtokavian speech at its cost.
Common Slavic yat phoneme had a reflex of /i/ in this dialect. Thus we have "lip", "divojka", "mriža", as opposed to Standard Croatian (Neo-Shtokavian) "lijȇp", "djèvōjka", "mrȅža", all descending from earlier Proto-West-South-Slavic forms *lěpъ, *děvojka, *mrěža.
Molise Croatian also belongs to this dialect, which is Western Shtokavian with Ikavian accent, but with a massive Chakavian adstratum.

</doc>
<doc id="19439722" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19439722" title="Leo Lerner">
Leo Lerner

Leo A. Lerner (1907–1965) was an American newspaper editor and publisher, who founded Lerner Newspapers in Chicago, Illinois, at one time the largest chain of weekly newspapers in the world. 
He was a staunch advocate of community journalism, fond of statements like, "A fistfight on Clark Street is more important to our readers than a war in Europe."
Newspaper career.
Born in Chicago, Lerner attended Northwestern University, graduating in 1928. While there he was the Night Editor and Drama Editor for the "Daily Northwestern". After graduation he worked for several local Chicago papers until the late 1940s, and was the only neighborhood newspaperman accredited by the State Department to cover the United Nations Conference at San Francisco in 1945. In the late 1940s he partnered with A. O. Caplan to become owner and manager of sixteen local papers, with a total circulation of 219,000. By 1958 Lerner was president, editor, and publisher of four newspaper conglomerates with more than 19 different papers.
Public service.
Lerner was very active in public service. He was a member of the Board of Directors of the Chicago Public Library and of Americans for Democratic Action, founder of the Independent Voters of Illinois (IVI), and President of the Citizens Schools Committee. He helped found Roosevelt University, where he taught journalism and eventually became President of its Board of Trustees. He was a member of the Board of Trustees of the Scandinavian Seminar, which funded nine months of study in any Scandinavian country for qualified students. He was a member of the Board of the Chicago Better Business Bureau and was appointed to the Illinois Parole and Pardon Board. In 1964 President Lyndon B. Johnson invited him to join the Citizens Advisory Board of the Community Relations Service.
Bibliography.
Lerner wrote four books: "Continental Journey" (1947), written during a tour of Europe, "The Itch of Opinion" (1956), "The Italics Are Mine" (1960), and "The Truth Ripens" (1967).

</doc>
<doc id="19439728" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19439728" title="Arvind Krishna Mehrotra">
Arvind Krishna Mehrotra

Arvind Krishna Mehrotra (born 1947) is a noted Indian poet, anthologist, literary critic and translator.
Biography.
Arvind Krishna Mehrotra was born in Lahore 1947. He has published four collections of poetry in English and two of translation—a volume of Prakrit love poems, The Absent Traveller, recently reissued in Penguin Classics, and Songs of Kabir (NYRB Classics). His Oxford India Anthology of Twelve Modern Indian Poets (1992) is very influential. He has edited several books, including History of Indian Literature in English (Columbia University Press, 2003) and Collected Poems in English by Arun Kolatkar (Bloodaxe Books, 2010). His collected essays, Partial Recall: Essays on Literature and Literary History was published by Permanent Black in 2012. He was nominated for the chair of Professor of Poetry at the University of Oxford in 2009.
Arvind Mehrotra stood for this temporary academic position at the University of Oxford. He came second behind Ruth Padel who later resigned over allegations of smearing Derek Walcott (who had himself earlier withdrawn from the election process). An active campaign to encourage his assumption of the position is being led by British author Toby Litt, and supported by Australian and Indian poets Bridget Khursheed and Shaik Zakeer Hussain and Neil Astley, the Editor of Bloodaxe Books. Mehrotra himself remains undecided.
Secondary Works on Mehrotra.
Among the published works giving an analysis of his poetry are:
Bruce King, (1987, revised edition 2001) Modern Indian Poetry in English. Delhi: Oxford University Press.
He is interviewed in the following works:

</doc>
<doc id="19439742" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19439742" title="Mohammad Ali Shah (surgeon)">
Mohammad Ali Shah (surgeon)

Dr. Syed Muhammad Ali Shah (1946–2013) was a Pakistani orthopaedic surgeon and member of the Pakistan Cricket Board governing board. He was the Provincial Sports Minister of Sindh. He was also the Chief de Mission for Pakistani athletes in the Commonwealth Games 2010.
Background & Death.
Dr. Shah was born on October 26, 1946 in Bareilly, India and belonged to a Sunni family. His father, Syed Asghar Ali Shah, also served as a judge for many years. Dr. Shah died on February 4th, 2013 in Houston suffering from a heart attack and kidney failure during his chemotherapy. He went into a coma just before his death.
Political career.
Shah was a member of the Muttahida Qaumi Movement. In 2008 the general election, he was elected to the Sindh Assembly from PS-103 (North Nazimabad, Karachi). He became provincial Minister of Sports of the province of Sindh.
Cricket.
Shah was also known for his passion for cricket and ran Asghar Ali Shah Cricket Stadium in North Nazimabad, Karachi. The stadium hosts Dr. Muhammad Ali Shah Night Twenty20 Cricket Tournament every year in the month of Ramadan.
Following an attack on the Sri Lankan cricket team in Lahore in 2009, international cricket experienced a halt in Pakistan as foreign teams refused to tour the country over security concerns. Consequently, the Pakistani cricket team hosted home tournaments in neutral venues such as the United Arab Emirates. In October 2012, Shah was credited as having played an instrumental role in reviving international cricket in the country after a period of three and a half years when, in his capacity as Sindh sports minister, he arranged an international world XI team – consisting of former and current players from Sri Lanka, South Africa, West Indies, United States and Afghanistan – to play two T20 matches against a "Pakistan All Stars" consisting mainly of players from the national team. The games took place in front of packed crowds at the National Stadium, Karachi. While the matches were unofficial, they were seen as a milestone as this was the first instance when foreign players toured Pakistan to play cricket since the attack on the Sri Lankan team.
2010 Commonwealth Games opening ceremony flag controversy.
Shah was seen carrying the flag during 2010 Commonwealth Games instead of weightlifter Shujauddin Malik during the opening ceremony. Pakistan weightlifting manager Rashid Mehmood said the team had considered a boycott in protest at the actions of the official but later withdrew their threat after Pakistan Olympic Association chief, Arif Hasan, assured them Shah would be sanctioned for his actions.
Pakistan at the 2010 Commonwealth Games#Opening ceremony flag controversy

</doc>
<doc id="19439744" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19439744" title="Ferness">
Ferness

Ferness () is a settlement and rural area in Strathdearn, in the council area of Highland.
The settlement is situated in a forested area of the valley of the River Findhorn at the crossroads of the A939 Nairn–Grantown-on-Spey and B9007 Forres–Carrbridge roads.

</doc>
<doc id="19439750" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19439750" title="Our Lady of Westminster">
Our Lady of Westminster

Our Lady of Westminster is a late Medieval statue of the Madonna and child, now to be found at the entrance of the Lady Chapel in Westminster Cathedral, London, under the thirteenth Station of the Cross. The image is made of English alabaster, is flat backed, high and depicts the Virgin Mary enthroned with the Christ Child on her right knee. She is crowned and holds a sceptre (now broken) in her left hand, the Christ child looks up at her and holds a globe with one hand, whilst with the other he blesses it. This statue is one of the greatest treasures of the cathedral and may rightly be said to be the oldest item housed there, as the cathedral itself is a 19th-century foundation. 
History.
Most experts in the field agree that this image was carved in the Nottingham area in about 1450 from alabaster mined at nearby Chellaston, but the intervening 500 years until 1954 when she was found and bought in Paris by the dealer S.W. Wolsey, are largely a blank.
Throughout the period of their production Nottingham alabaster images were hugely popular in Europe and were exported in large quantities, some ending up as far afield as Iceland, Croatia and Poland. But by the far the greatest market for these images was in France, where even today some churches retain in situ their English Alabaster altarpieces. Indeed the trade continued up to and beyond the Reformation with the English ambassador to France reporting in January 1550 that three English ships had arrived laden with religious images to be sold in Rouen, Paris and beyond, this a year after Edward VI's Putting away of Books and Images Act 1549. So we may surmise that Our Lady of Westminster was exported to France some time between 1450 and 1550. It much larger than most English alabaster work; the commonest surviving alabasters are thin panels carved in high relief from series covering the "Passion" or "Life of Christ" which were framed and mounted as altarpieces.
The discovery in 1863 of a headless but stylistically almost identical alabaster image, buried in the churchyard of All Saints, Broughton-in Craven suggests that, as was apparently usually the case, the statue was a standard model repeated several times by the workshop, and probably produced for stock rather than upon receipt of a particular commission. Exports, as of the better documented contemporary export trade in icons of the Cretan school were usually made in bulk for sale to dealers, who then found buyers locally. 
We can then surmise that Our Lady of Westminster remained to receive due honour in her French shrine until the upheaval of the French Revolution when much ecclesiastical property was destroyed and dispersed. She then passed into private collections and is noted as having been in the collection of Baron de St Leger Daguerre, from whence she was put up for sale in 1954 at the "Exhibition des Chefs d'oeuvre de la Curiosite du Monde". It was there that the dealer S.W Wolsey saw and purchased her, she then came to the attention of Cardinal Griffin and the Dean of York Minster. A minor bidding war ensued with the former winning the day and Our Lady of Westminster was enthroned in Westminster Cathedral on 8 December 1955, to the accompaniment of the choir singing Salve Regina.
Furthermore, in 1963 whilst on a trip to Italy, the Westminster Choir school presented a copy of the statue of Our Lady of Westminster and booklet explaining the devotion to Pope John XXIII.
Original appearance.
Our Lady of Westminster still retains enough of her polychromy for us to ascertain her original appearance. Her throne was coloured an ochre red with the knops being picked out in gilt, her cloak was dark blue with the inner folds red. The ground beneath her feet was a characterictic dark green scattered with red and white daisies and her crown, sceptre, mantle fastenings and the Christ Child's hair were all gilded. These bright colours were characteristic of Nottingham Alabaster since they for the most part, were designed to be housed in wooden altarpieces with painted shutters, and to be seen by candlelight in dimly lit churches. The fact that Our Lady is flat backed and almost bas relief in places makes it likely that she was intended for just such an altarpiece.
Westminster and the "Dowry of Mary".
However the story does not rest there, since it is of great significance that a pre-Reformation English Madonna should come to be venerated in Westminster Cathedral, a mere 15 minute walk from the former Benedictine abbey where the dowry tradition started. There is a tradition that the title "Dowry of Mary" goes back to Edward the Confessor, who founded Westminster Abbey in 1055. Another theory is that the Dowry tradition can be traced back to Edward III (1327–77), but the first concrete evidence comes from the will of The Countess of Pembroke who in 1377 established a mortuary chapel so that daily Masses could be sung for her husband, next to the Chapel of St John in the abbey, and presented the Abbot of Westminster with an alabaster statue of Our Lady. Soon after this the cultus of Our Lady in Westminster received royal impetus in the form of Richard II. 
It was in 1381 that England was ravaged by the Peasants' Revolt, when the introduction of the poll tax caused the southeastern counties to rise in open rebellion. Jean Froissart gives a vivid description of the manner in which the young King Richard II of England prepared to meet the rebels, led by Wat Tyler, at Smithfield:
"Richard II on the Saturday after Corpus Christi went to Westminster, where he heard Mass at the Abbey with all his Lords. He made his devotions at a statue of Our Lady in a little chapel that had witnessed many miracles and where much grace had been gained, so that the Kings of England have much faith in it."
Another chronicler, Strype, described the event thus:
"On the coming of the rebels and Wat Tyler, the same King went to Westminster . . . confessed himself to an anchorite; then took himself to the chapel of Our Lady of Pew; there he said his devotions, and went to Smithfield to meet the rebels."
The outcome of the meeting was favourable with Wat Tyler throwing down his arms and taking up the King's colours. Naturally the King and Court regarded this as a miracle wrought by the Holy Virgin, and therefore set about encouraging her veneration at Westminster. After his success in quelling the rebels, and their acceptance of the standard of the realm, Richard returned to meet his mother at Westminster and to give thanks. Froissart records the young King's words as follows:
""Yes, Madam . . . rejoice and praise God, for today I have regained my kingdom 
which I had lost."
And he placed the Kingdom under Our Lady's protection - in thanksgiving for having regained it."
It is Richard who refurbished the chapel in the abbey, and commissioned the Wilton Diptych which shows him placing himself and England (signified by the banner with a George Cross and a miniature representation of England) under Our Lady's Protection. Furthermore, at the special desire of the king, this mandate was issued at Lambeth on 10 February 1399, and reads as follows:
"'"The contemplation of the great mystery of the Incarnation has brought all 
Christian nations to venerate her from whom came the beginnings of redemption. 
But we, as the humble servants of her inheritance, and liegemen of her especial 
dower - as we are approved by common parlance ought to excel all others in the 
favour of our praises and devotions to her."'"
So what does this have to do with the medieval image which we now know as Our Lady of Westminster?
At this point a gentleman called Mr Albert Joseph Freeman comes onto the scene. Mr Freeman fought in the First World War and was severely gassed in the trenches, as he lay dying in field hospital he promised to dedicate his life to Our Lady if he recovered. In 1955, after a visit to the Abbey during which he was much moved and distressed by the empty niche in the Pew Chapel, he commissioned Sister Concordia Scott of Minster Abbey on the Isle of Thanet to carve a statue of Our Lady to replace the one lost at the Reformation. Like the original statue presented by the Countess, the new one had to be in English alabaster, which was hard to obtain in the required measurements (3 feet by 16 inches by 7 inches), as the model for the work was to be the statue of Our Lady of Westminster in Westminster Cathedral. This statue was enthroned in the Pew Chapel On 10 May 1971.
So just as the Countess's alabaster statue replaced an earlier image, so now Our Lady of Westminster becomes the vital link to the Dowry tradition, that started in Westminster and radiated throughout pre-Reformation England and was one of her chief boasts. And despite all evidence to the contrary that pledge, that donation of England to Our Lady still holds firm. Just as the Madonna holds the banner of St George in the Wilton Diptych so she still holds England close under her protection and gazes upon its people with especial love even if they do not return that gaze. Our Lady of Westminster has returned to be with us after 500 years of exile and provides us with a link to the faith and devotion of our ancestors, her quiet motherly countenance reminding us of her special care and enjoining us to excel in her praises and those of her son, as did our ancestors throughout the ages.
Bibliography.
"Westminster Cathedral from Darkness to Light", Pgs 37-38, Roy Strong, Continuum International Publishing Group, 2003.
"Catholic Trivia, Our Forgotten Heritage," Harper Collins 1992.
"Shrines of Our Lady in England", Anne Vail, Gracewing Publishing 2004.
"English Medieval Alabasters" With a Catalogue of the Collection in the Victoria and Albert Museum, Francis Cheetham, Second Edition, The Boydell Press 2005.
"Our Lady Of Westminster", H. M. Gillett, Thomas Of Fleet Street Ltd 1956.

</doc>
<doc id="19439761" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19439761" title="Gallaudet PW-4">
Gallaudet PW-4

The Gallaudet PW-4 was a prototype biplane fighter aircraft built by the Gallaudet Aircraft Company. It was one of the last projects by the company before it was taken over by Consolidated Aircraft. It was all metal, powered by a Packard 11A-1237 engine. Three prototypes were ordered by the USAAC, but the company could only afford to build one, which never flew.

</doc>
<doc id="19439777" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19439777" title="425 Tactical Fighter Squadron">
425 Tactical Fighter Squadron

425 Tactical Fighter Squadron, also "Alouette" () Squadron, is a unit of the Royal Canadian Air Force. It operates CF-18 Hornet fighter jets from CFB Bagotville in Quebec, Canada. The squadron was originally formed during the Second World War.
History.
The squadron was formed on 22 June 1942 as the first French Canadian squadron at RAF Dishforth in Yorkshire, England as a bomber unit flying Vickers Wellingtons. On the night of the 5/6 October 1942 the squadron went into action for the first time, bombing Aachen with a small number of aircraft. In 1943 the squadron flew to Kairouan, Tunisia, and from there conducted operations against Italy and Sicily, returning to the UK in November of the same year. In December they were re-equipped with Handley Page Halifaxes and flew their first mission with these aircraft in February 1944. Their final operation took place on 25 April 1945 when they bombed gun batteries on the tiny Frisian island of Wangerooge. Following the end of the war in Europe, in May 1945, 425 Squadron re-equipped again, this time with Avro Lancaster Mk X's. In June they flew back to Canada to prepare for their role in Tiger Force for the continuing war against Japan. The use of atomic bombs precluded the need for Tiger Force and 425 was disbanded on 5 September 1945 at RCAF Station Debert less than three weeks after the Japanese surrender. 
The squadron was reformed at RCAF Station St Hubert in October 1954 flying CF-100 Canucks as an all weather fighter squadron. After re-equipping with the CF-101 Voodoo 425 became the RCAF Operational Training Unit for this aircraft type at RCAF Station Namao in late 1961 before transferring to its current base at Bagotville, Quebec, and becoming a front-line squadron a few months later. From 1982 the Canadian Forces started to acquire CF-18 Hornets and 425 received them in 1985, aircraft which 425 still flies. In 2005, 433 Squadron was merged into 425 Squadron. In 2008 the squadron was awarded its first battle honour since the Second World War for its part in Operation Allied Force.

</doc>
<doc id="19439780" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19439780" title="1900 VFL Grand Final">
1900 VFL Grand Final

The 1900 VFL Grand Final was an Australian rules football game contested between the Melbourne Football Club and Fitzroy Football Club, held at the East Melbourne Cricket Ground in Melbourne on 22 September 1900. It was the 3rd annual Grand Final of the Victorian Football League, staged to determine the premiers for the 1900 VFL season. The match, attended by 20,181 spectators, was won by Melbourne by a margin of 4 points. 
Lead-up.
Although Melbourne only won six of its fourteen home-and-away fixtures to finish sixth on the ladder, it won its sectional round-robin and defeated the other sectional winner, , in the semi-final for the right to face the minor premiers, Fitzroy, in the Grand Final; Fitzroy had won the previous two premierships and was aiming for a third premiership in a row.
The winner of this match would win the premiership.
Statistics.
Goalkickers.
Melbourne:
Fitzroy:

</doc>
<doc id="19439806" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19439806" title="Sarah's Cottage, Isle of Man">
Sarah's Cottage, Isle of Man

Sarah's Cottage ( or Ballavaish) is a corner situated between the 9th Milestone and 10th Milestone road-side markers on the Snaefell Mountain Course used for the Isle of Man TT Races on Creg Willey's Hill and Ballavaish on the primary A3 Castletown to Ramsey Road in the parish of German in the Isle of Man.
This corner was part of the Highland Course and Four Inch Course used for the Gordon Bennett Trial and Tourist Trophy automobile car races held in the Isle of Man between 1904 and 1922. Also, Sarah's Cottage was part of the St. John's Short Course used between 1907 and 1910 and part of the Snaefell Mountain Course used since 1911 for the Isle of Man TT Races and Manx Grand Prix.
A small stone cottage on Creg Willey's Hill was occupied by Sarah Corlett of Cronk Dhoo in about 1900. As part of "The Long Round" the journey from Castletown to Ramsey using the primary A3 road made by horse-drawn carriers and later by Charabanc many residents on the route provided food and by the roadside to travellers and the stop at Creg Willey's Hill by Sarah Corlett's cottage was a popular one for refreshments. The many hill-farms in the area also provided passing trade as school children attending the last school on the Isle of Man to still teach Manx Gaelic at the old Cronk-y-Voddy School and they referred to Sarah Corlett in Manx Gaelic as "Sarah Vilyn" ('Sarah of the Sweets'). The cottage is known as Sarah's by the many motorcycle enthusiasts who use the garden as a vantage point. The cottage was derelict until 1975 when the James Henry Shuttleworth the Lord of Abergwili and his wife Betty, the Lady of Abergwili from Wirral arrived and totally renovated it and carried on the tradition of selling refreshments to passers by and taking in guests.To date (2011) the cottage is still occupied by James H.Shuttleworth although his wife Betty died in 1988.
During the 1965 Isle of Man TT Races, heavy rain and strong cross-winds on the A18 Mountain Road section of the course dominated the Senior TT. The notoriously difficult uphill section of the Mountain Course at Sarah's Cottage and the heavy rain and slippery conditions caused Giacomo Agostini to slide-off on lap 2 of the 1965 Senior TT Race. This was followed on lap 3 when his MV Agusta teammate, Mike Hailwood crashed at the same spot at Sarah's Cottage. The MV Agusta motorcycle sustained damage including a broken windscreen, twisted handlebars and flattened exhaust megaphones on the left-hand side. Left with torn leathers and a blooded nose, Mike Hailwood restarted the Senior TT Race and pitted on lap 4 to refuel and have the handlebars straighten. On lap 5 Hailwood made another unscheduled pit-stop to have a throttle-slide and part of a carburettor removed and a plug changed. Despite the MV Agusta motorcycle running on 3 cylinders and the 4th cylinder fully open, Mike Hailwood won the 1965 Senior TT Race at an average race speed of 91.69 mph from Joe Dunphy in second place winning by a margin of 2 minutes despite the fall at Sarah's Cottage.

</doc>
<doc id="19439814" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19439814" title="List of best-selling girl groups">
List of best-selling girl groups

A girl group is a popular music act featuring several female singers who generally harmonize together.
Girl groups have been popular at least since the heyday of the Boswell Sisters beginning in the 1930s, but the term "girl group" also denotes the wave of American female pop singing groups who flourished in the late 1950s and early 1960s between the decline of early rock and roll and the British Invasion, many of whom were influenced by doo-wop style. This article covers only girl groups from that era and later.
Best-selling girl group albums.
Australia.
Certifications according to the ARIA.
Canada.
Certifications according to the Canadian Recording Industry Association.
Europe.
Certifications according to the International Federation of the Phonographic Industry.
Germany.
Certifications according to the IFPI.
Japan.
Sales according to Oricon and Platinum certifications according to the RIAJ.
Netherlands.
Certifications according to the NVPI.
Switzerland.
Certifications according to the IFPI.
United Kingdom.
Certifications according to the BPI.
United States.
Sales according to Nielsen SoundScan and Platinum certifications according to the RIAA.

</doc>
<doc id="19439825" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19439825" title="Middle Chakavian">
Middle Chakavian

Middle Chakavian () is a subdialect of the Chakavian dialect of Serbo-Croatian. It is spoken on the islands Dugi, Kornati, Lošinj, Krk, Rab, Pag, and on the land the cities of Vinodol, Ogulin, Brinje, Otočac and the area around Duga Resa, i.e. between Northern Chakavian and Southern Chakavian
This dialect is peculiar for its mixed Ikavian–Ekavian reflex of Common Slavic yat vowel, which was governed by Meyer–Jakubinskij's law.

</doc>
<doc id="19439833" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19439833" title="Felix Aboagye">
Felix Aboagye

Felix Ahmed Aboagye (born 5 December 1975) is a former Ghanaian International footballer who played for Mumbai FC in the I-League.
International career.
He represented his homeland by the 1998 African Cup of Nations in Burkina Faso and 1996 African Cup of Nations in South Africa. He was a member of the Ghana national football team at the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta.

</doc>
<doc id="19439858" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19439858" title="Natalma">
Natalma

Natalma (1957–1985) was an American-bred Thoroughbred racehorse best known as the dam (mother) of the most important sire, and sire of sires, of the 20th Century, Northern Dancer.
Background.
Bred in Virginia, she was purchased by Canadian business mogul E. P. Taylor at the Saratoga, New York yearling sales for $35,000.
Racing career.
Natalma won the 1959 Spinaway Stakes but was disqualified and set back to third place. While in training for the 1960 Kentucky Oaks she suffered a chipped bone in a knee and had to be retired from racing.
Breeding record.
Although late in the breeding season, she was sent to her owner's Windfields Farm in Oshawa, Ontario, Canada to be bred to Nearctic. That late pairing resulted in Northern Dancer being born on May 27, 1961. Natalma was bred to Nearctic two more times but a 1965 filly died as a yearling and their 1973 twins, a colt and a filly, both died. However, Natalma did produce stakes winners Native Victor, Regal Dancer and Born A Lady, as well as four other stakes placed horses and notable producers, Raise the Standard, Arctic Dancer (dam of La Prevoyante), and Spring Adieu (granddam of champion stallion Danehill).
Natalma was humanely euthanized on January 29, 1985 at the Windfields Farm satellite operation in Maryland (now the Northview Stallion Station) after unsuccessful treatment for colic. She was buried in the farm's equine cemetery.
Honors.
In 2007, Natalma's contribution to the sport of Thoroughbred horse racing was recognized through her induction in the Canadian Horse Racing Hall of Fame.

</doc>
<doc id="19439864" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19439864" title="Norway in the Eurovision Song Contest 1992">
Norway in the Eurovision Song Contest 1992

Norway entered the Eurovision Song Contest 1992 with Merethe Trøan and "Visjoner" after she won the Norwegian pre-selection for the contest, Melodi Grand Prix 1992. At Eurovision, her performance received 23 points, placing her 18th of 23 competing countries.
Melodi Grand Prix 1992.
The Norwegian broadcaster Norsk Rikskringkasting (NRK) continued to use the Melodi Grand Prix format to select the Norwegian entry for Eurovision. The 1992 edition of Melodi Grand Prix was held on 21 March at the Oslo Spektrum in Oslo, hosted by Elisabeth Andreasson and Jahn Teigen. Ten regional juries selected the winner from the 10 songs that competed to represent Norway in Malmö, Sweden.
The winner of Melodi Grand Prix 1992 was Merethe Trøan with the song "Visjoner" (Visions), composed by Robert Morley and Eva Jansen.
At Eurovision.
Trøan performed 21st on the night of the contest, following Yugoslavia and preceding Germany. She received 23 points in total; 6 points from Denmark, 5 points from the United Kingdom, 4 points from Luxembourg, 3 points from Belgium, 2 points from Sweden and 1 points each from Finland, Iceland and Yugoslavia, placing 18th in a field of 23.

</doc>
<doc id="19439869" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19439869" title="Backroad (disambiguation)">
Backroad (disambiguation)

Backroad is a secondary type of road.
Backroad or Backroads may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19439889" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19439889" title="Dark blue">
Dark blue

Dark blue can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19439896" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19439896" title="Cane Bay High School">
Cane Bay High School

Cane Bay High School is a secondary school located in Summerville, South Carolina, United States of America and is the newest addition to the Berkeley County School District. The school opened in August 2008, to 9th and 10th graders, adding a grade each year. On August 17, 2010, the school will open its doors to all four grade levels for the first time.
Overview.
The school was needed because of the overcrowding of the Stratford High School and because of the expected population growth for the triangular region formed by Summerville, Goose Creek and Moncks Corner. Cane Bay Plantation, the Parks at Berkeley (both in Summerville) and Carnes Crossroads (in Goose Creek) are plantations being developed in the vicinity.
Distributing Education Clubs of America (DECA).
At the 2009-2010 South Carolina State Career Development Conference the chapter took home three medallions and a pupil took home a 1st place trophy in Sports and Entertainment Marketing Operations Research Event for the school.
Cobra Chorale.
The Cane Bay Cobra Chorale place 3rd in the State for 2-AA in their division. They have sung with College of Charleston concert choir.
Marching band.
The band was last in their second competition, and went on to take 10th place at 2A Lower state competition with a score of 82.95.
School Facilities.
The school has separate areas for vocational classes, an auditorium, media center, gym, and administrative offices.
Soccer.
The JV Soccer boys team finished 2nd in the Regional standings in the 2012 season.
References.
[http://www.berkeley.k12.sc.us/CaneBay.cfm] Cane Bay High School website

</doc>
<doc id="19439907" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19439907" title="Octavius Leigh-Clare">
Octavius Leigh-Clare

Octavius Leigh Leigh-Clare (6 July 1841 – 16 July 1912) was a British barrister and Conservative politician.
Originally known as Octavius Leigh Clare, he was the son of William Clare, a Liverpool banker, and his wife Elizabeth née Leigh. [http://www.lan-opc.org.uk] He was educated at Rossall School and St John's College, Cambridge. He graduated in 1864 with a BA in the mathematical tripos. Clare was called to bar at the Inner Temple in January 1866. Initially he practiced as coneyancer and equity draftsman. He built up an expertise in mining law, which led to him being retained as counsel in a number of Lancashire mining cases. He was also the principal lawyer employed by the Manchester Ship Canal company. He was made a bencher in 1900, and became a member of the General Council of the Bar.
In 1868 he married Harriet Huson, who died in 1885. He was married for a second time in 1889 to Jane Maria Wigan. In the same year he assumed the additional surname of "Leigh". 
He stood as Conservative candidate for the parliamentary constituency of Eccles at the 1892 general election, but was unsuccessful. Three years later another election was held, and Leigh-Clare was elected to serve as member of parliament for Eccles. In 1905 he was appointed as Vice Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster. At the ensuing general election in 1906, he did not seek re-election.

</doc>
<doc id="19439932" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19439932" title="Nabi Misdaq">
Nabi Misdaq

Dr. Nabi Misdaq is an author and a journalist in Afghanistan. He was the founder and head of the Pashto Section at BBC World Service in the early 1980s.
Origins and education.
Misdaq is from the Zazi tribe of Pashtuns, in the Paktia Province of Afghanistan. He went to the United Kingdom on a scholarship in the early 1960s. Misdaq has a BS.c. Hon. from London School of Economics and M.A. and Ph.D. from Sussex University. He has written several books ("Afghanistan", Routledge, 2003), academic papers in English. Recently he finished a Pashto-English dictionary which is due to be published. In the meantime, he is writing a book which contains Afghan jokes translated into English. He is also the author of many articles widely for Afghan exile press in both Pashto and Dari (Persian) over the years.
Career.
Misdaq worked for the BBC World Service at Bush House throughout the 1980s and 1990s, where he founded the Pashto Section, and broadcast regularly, becoming one of the best known voices in Afghanistan and Pakistan. He twice interviewed the exiled Afghan King Zahir Shah in Italy.

</doc>
<doc id="19439935" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19439935" title="Jaroslav Kraft">
Jaroslav Kraft

Doc. RNDr. Jaroslav Kraft, CSc. (April 9, 1940 – January 10, 2007) was internationally recognised Czech palaeontologist and a prominent specialist in Ordovician dendroid graptolites.
Biography.
Doc. RNDr. Jaroslav Kraft, CSc. was born in family of a bookbinder and enthusiastic fossil collector Jan Kraft.
After finishing his study at the Charles University, Prague, J. Kraft took place of a geologist at the Geologický průzkum Praha enterprise („Geological exploration“), branch Stříbro, following an administrative allocation. 
During the years 1965–1974 he worked as a research assistant in the Museum of Western Bohemia (Západočeské muzeum). 
In 1974 he worked in the n. p. Geindustria Praha company as geologist, position where he worked till 1980. 
For a short period from 1980 to 1981 he worked in the section of Collections at the Central Geological Institute (now Czech Geological Survey). 
During the years 1982–1988 he worked as geologist and palaeontologist in the County branch of the State Institution for Cultural Heritage and Nature Conservation in Plzeň. 
In the Dr. Bohuslav Horák Museum, Rokycany, he worked as an external specialist during the years 1963–1988 and from 1988 till 1994 as internal curator. J. Kraft held a high esteem of the personality of Dr. B. Horák, a situation, which motivated his activities. 
J. Kraft vindicated his RNDr. degree in 1973 and after prolonged delays due to political reasons he attained CSc. degree in 1984.
J. Kraft was appointed Assistant Professor at the [http://www.zcu.cz/index-en.html] University of Western Bohemia in Plzeň in 1998, though he acted at this university as external assistant since 1994. The above information shows that J. Kraft took and changed numerous employments during his life. The main reason behind this development was the obvious fact that the communist regime considered J. Kraft a politically unreliable person, as he actively practiced Protestant religion.
Though for much of his life J. Kraft experienced harsh treatment by the political and state administration, he achieved numerous satisfying highlights and a positive feeling of professional success. Besides publication of numerous and important palaeontology papers, J. Kraft significantly contributed to improving the professional standards of the Dr. B. Horák Museum in Rokycany. It was mainly his major contribution in meticulous and highly professional curatorial documentation and processing of palaeontological collections, including computer documentation, which altogether made the funds of the local museum one of the most important collections of Ordovician fossil on worldwide scale.
It was an unfortunate development that after many years of works in the Rokycany museum, J. Kraft had to resign the post of curator. Even after leaving his post, J. Kraft tried intensively to secure a professional curator for the palaeontological collections, but this activity remained without success. After coming back to collections of the Museum of Western Bohemia in Plzeň, J. Kraft continued his activities of a prominent curator and palaeontologist. For numerous younger palaeontologists, visits in the palaeontology department in the Plzeň or Rokycany museums were pleasant occasions to enjoy calm but optimistic personality of J. Kraft, his sense of humour and empathy extended to colleagues. 
It was perhaps sometimes with a grain of envy to observe that Jaroslav Kraft found in his son Petr a competent collaborator. Later on, the duo Kraft & Kraft co-authored several dozen publications in refereed Czech and international journals. The two palaeontologists, jointly with some other colleagues, became a notably productive team, which successfully completed a large project on Ordovician in Bohemia as an international standard for the Mediterranean region. In addition, Jaroslav and Petr Kraft, with colleagues from Prague, organised in 1999 a highly successful 9th ISOS conference (International Symposium on Ordovician System) in Prague. J. Kraft dedicated much of his activities to establishing protection status for numerous important palaeontological and geological localities in Plzeň and Rokycany areas.
Publications.
Doc. J. Kraft published more than one hundred professional papers. The following brief list is but a sampling of papers from later period:
References.
Budil, P. – Fatka, O. (2009): Jaroslav Kraft died. Bulletin of Geosciences 84, 1, 1–5. [http://www.geology.cz/bulletin/contents/2009/vol84no1/bullgeosci841_1124.pdf]
Budil, P. (2008): Doc. RNDr. Jaroslav Kraft, CSc. "In Budil, P. – Fatka, O. – Pšenička, J. (eds)" Palaeontological workshop held in honour of Doc. RNDr. JAROSLAV KRAFT, CSc.(9. 4. 1940 – 10. 1. 2007), Plzeň, 17 th and 18 November 2008, pp. 1–3. Published by Czech Geological Society, ISBN 978-80-904208-1-6 
Czech version of this page is available on :cs:Jaroslav Kraft
An obituary of Doc. J. Kraft has been also published (in Czech) in the Zpravodaj 5/2007 of the Czech Geological Society

</doc>
<doc id="19439939" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19439939" title="Wiślica County">
Wiślica County

Wiślica County () was an administrative unit of the Kingdom of Poland and later Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth. It is unknown when it was established, probably some time in the 15th century. It was located in the central part of the Sandomierz Voivodeship, with the capital in the historic town of Wiślica. The county ceased to exist in 1795, when after the Third Partition of Poland, it was annexed by Austrian Empire.

</doc>
<doc id="19439973" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19439973" title="Herbertstown">
Herbertstown

Herbertstown ( is a village in the barony of Small County, County Limerick, Ireland. It is also part of the ecclesiastical parish of "Hospital and Herbertstown", in the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Cashel and Emly.
Location.
It is located in the south east of the county, 6 miles (N. E. by N.) from Bruff, on the road from Limerick city to Hospital. 
The western part of the village is in the civil parish of Kilcullane which contains only 5 townlands:
The eastern part of the village is in the civil parish of Ballinard which contains only 4 townlands:
The River Camogue flows to the west of the village, parallel to the main street with the land in between liable to flooding. It is a tributory of the River Maigue.
Neighbouring villages include Caherconlish, Ballinard, Ballinamona, Ruthagh and Cahercorney.
History.
Ancient history.
The present barony of Small County was the ancient "Deis-Beg". In this district is the hill now called Knockainy (with the village of Knockainy at its foot), formerly called Ainè, or "Ainè-Clich", from the territory of Cliach or Ara-Cliach, which lay round the hill. 
The main clans in the barony were:
Post Act of Union.
Quoting Lewis's "Topography": "It is a constabulary police station, and has large pig fairs on Jan. 15th, March 17th, June 28th, and Nov. 7th. Here is a large R. C. chapel, which was erected in 1836 at an expense of £800."
Services and Amenities.
The village has two pubs, a post office, a Catholic church and a farmers' co-op. 
Local sports clubs include 
Lough Gur is nearby.

</doc>
<doc id="19439987" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19439987" title="Arthur Rhames">
Arthur Rhames

Arthur Rhames (October 25, 1957 – December 27, 1989) was a guitarist, tenor saxophonist, pianist and melodica stylist, Krishna devotee, and a legend of New York City avant-garde jazz.
Biography.
Despite his much-admired technical virtuosity and unmatched dedication - he was notorious among local musicians for daily practice sessions frequently lasting up to 18 hours - the Bedford Stuyvesant-born multi-instrumentalist was unable to score a recording contract before succumbing to AIDS-related illness at the age of 32 in 1989 in Newark, New Jersey and was interred at the Rosehill Cemetery in Linden, New Jersey.
He began his career on the electric guitar in funk/R&B acts in the early Seventies. In 1978, Rhames joined a trio, Eternity, with bassist Cleve Alleyne and drummer Adrian Grannum (later replaced by percussionist Collin Young). He played numerous gigs in the tri-state area as Eternity's guitarist, including annual shows on the Prospect Park soundstage and at several local colleges. While the Mahavishnu Orchestra-inspired power trio remained unsigned, word-of-mouth buzz surrounding the band began to spread, ultimately culminating in a series of dates opening for Larry Coryell's fusion ensemble Eleventh House.
Unfortunately, although these performances won Rhames a great deal of audience acclaim, and even his own Guitar World profile, backstage tensions between Arthur and the concerts' headliner emerged: Coryell refused to acknowledge him as a guitarist, referring to Rhames only as "the piano player." After five or six shows, they left the tour. Nevertheless, Arthur made a cameo appearance as a session player on Coryell's 1978 solo album, ironically titled Difference.
Regardless of the opinions held by some who found him difficult and arrogant (Rhames was considered infamous for his tardiness, in addition to his tendency to respond 'I'm Arthur Rhames!' whenever directly challenged about anything), he exhibited a spiritual side as well. In his Eternity period, or slightly before, he became aware of Swami Prabhupada's expositions of Vaishnava philosophy and the Bhagavad Gita, strongly influencing his worldview. He worshiped at the Hare Krishna Temple on Henry Street in Brooklyn, sometimes with his entire band, and wrote songs (with his bandmates) which reflected Eastern sensibilities in their titles and content, like "Anu Dance."
After Eternity dissolved around 1980, and a long stretch busking as a street musician in and around Manhattan on sax with keyboardist and drummer Charles Telerant, he often collaborated as saxophonist with Coltrane drummer Rashied Ali, eventually incorporating as The Dynamic Duo. They appeared at the 1981 Willisau Jazz Festival in Switzerland. In October of the same year, recordings of his former trio, including pianist John Esposito and drummer Jeff Siegel, were made at a New York club session, featuring impressive interpretations of Coltrane classics "Giant Steps," "Moment's Notice" and "Bessie's Blues," as well as a cover of Albert Ayler's "I Want Jesus To Talk To Me." They were later released on the Japanese DIW label (Live From The Soundscape). Arthur was only 24 years old. In 1988, he re-joined Rashied Ali in a quartet at New York's Knitting Factory.
According to a 1990 interview with Vernon Reid, prior to his death, Rhames was working as a security guard in complete obscurity. However, on the official Arthur Rhames website, former Rhames sideman Charles Telerant states that late in his life, he toured in support of P-Funk's George Clinton as a guitarist, after having shown up to audition in his security uniform. Telerant also relates the following anecdote:
Some years ago I was sitting in the office of Brian Bachhus who was vice president of A&R at Verve Records at the time. "Who have you played with?" he asked. "A guy from Brooklyn named Arthur Rhames" I replied. "Arthur Rhames?! " he practically screamed. "You played with "Arthur Rhames"? Where can I find him? I'll sign him right now!" "You can't Brian", I replied. "Arthur died three weeks ago."
Quotes About Arthur Rhames.
saxophonist James Finn
Quote By Arthur Rhames On Improvisation.
"Improvisation is an intuitive process for me now, but in the way in which it's intuitive, I'm calling upon all the resources of all the years of my playing at once: my academic understanding of the music, my historical understanding of the music, and my technical understanding of the instrument that I'm playing. All these things are going into one concentrated effort to produce something that is indicative of what I'm feeling at the time I'm performing. " - Arthur Rhames
Quote By Arthur Rhames On Learning Coltrane Music.
"Without directly copying his melodic line, I tried to get the feeling of the line, the phrasing, which allowed me to understand how Trane was talking when he played. What I wanted was the form, the basket that he was using, but the contents I wanted to fill myself. I knew that I had something to say, and I wanted to deal with that. So what I copied was the way John constructed his phrases and their rhythmical base, the stems without the notes, and I put my own notes and harmony - the things I thought about - on top of it."

</doc>
<doc id="19440010" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19440010" title="Kersy Katrak">
Kersy Katrak

Kersy Katrak (1936–2008) was an Indian advertising man and poet of 1970s. He revolutionized Indian advertising when he founded the iconoclastic Mass Communication and Marketing in 1965, where he gave great leeway to creatives, and managed to attract an enormous talent pool including
Ajit Balakrishnan, Sudarshan Dheer, Veeru Hiremath, Ravi Gupta,
Panna Jain, Arun Kale, Anil Kapoor, Mohammed Khan, Arun Kolatkar, Arun Nanda
and Kiran Nagarkar.
He wrote two collections of verse, 
"A Journal of the Way" and 
"Diversions by the Wayside", in 1969, and was anthologized in several collections.

</doc>
<doc id="19440025" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19440025" title="Germany in the Eurovision Song Contest 1992">
Germany in the Eurovision Song Contest 1992

Germany entered the Eurovision Song Contest 1992 with "Träume sind für alle da" by Wind, after they won the German national final. It was called Ein Lied für Malmö ("A song for Malmö").
National final.
The German broadcaster for Eurovision, Mitteldeutscher Rundfunk (MDR) (part of ARD) held a national final to select the German entry to the Eurovision Song Contest 1992, held in Malmö, Sweden. the contest was held on 30 March at the Rotehornhalle in Magdeburg, hosted by Carmen Nebel. The winner was decided by the votes of 11 regional juries, each giving 1 point to their favourite song from the six competing.
The winner was Wind with the song "Träume sind für alle da" (Dreams are there for everyone), composed by Ralph Siegel and Bernd Meinunger. Wind had previously represented Germany at the 1985 and 1987 contests with "Für alle" and "Laß die Sonne in dein Herz", coming second both times.
At Eurovision.
Wind performed 22nd on the night of the contest, following Norway and preceding the Netherlands. "Träume sind für alle da" received 27 points, placing 16th of 23 countries competing.

</doc>
<doc id="19440031" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19440031" title="Stephen Haller Gallery">
Stephen Haller Gallery

The Stephen Haller Gallery is a contemporary art gallery in Chelsea, New York City. The gallery exhibits significant, contemporary painting and is known for presenting paintings imbued with rich textures and surfaces. Stephen Haller Gallery represents artists Michel Alexis, Ron Ehrlich, Kate O'Donovan Cook, Nobu Fukui, Catherine Gfeller, Johannes Girardoni, Gregory Johnston, Sam Jury, Ronnie Landfield, Lloyd Martin, Kathy Moss, Michael Mulhearn, Johnnie Winona Ross, Linda Stojak, and Larry Zox. 

</doc>
<doc id="19440034" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19440034" title="Roy V. Young">
Roy V. Young

Roy V. Young is an American fantasy writer. His novels are set in the comedy world of Leiblein, and spoof various common fantasy themes. The hero is a certain Count Yor, and his associates Dword and Trebor. Yor's inability to avoid rumour of his own exploits, especially the "Ballad of Count Yor" is a constant theme through the novels.
In the 1990s publisher TSR commissioned a number of standalone fantasy novels, some of which were humorous or light fantasy. Young's first volume was endorsed by Roger Zelazny, and sold well enough to justify a second. The collapse of TSR meant that no more were commissioned. A third novel exists in manuscript, provisionally titled "Year of the Thogs."

</doc>
<doc id="19440043" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19440043" title="Perry Grimm">
Perry Grimm

Perry Grimm (February 19, 1914 – September 11, 1971) was an American racecar driver who raced midget cars in California and Australia.
midget car.
Grimm drove midget cars for the Edelbrock dirt track racing team. He raced on the West Coast of the United States in the URA(United Midget Racing Association), and won the 1946 and 1949 Turkey Night Grand Prix at Gilmore Stadium, and place second and third in two others. Also, in 1949, he won the Pacific Coast Midget title, as well. After a few years of driving and several major crashes, racing in the Southern California circuit had begun to take a toll on him. He recommended to Vic Edelbrock that he replace him with a young driver named Rodger Ward. Ward took over for Grimm late in the 1949 season and went on to a glorious career, including 2 wins of the Indianapolis 500.
Australian midget car racing.
Grimm is credited with transforming the scene of Australian midget car racing when his appearance with fellow racer Cal Niday forced the 1946 update to American standards. The performance of these two completely outstripped the competition when they arrived with their Kurtis-Kraft V8-60 cars. However, it was Grimm who is credited most and considered the patron of midget car racing in Australia. He allowed fame racer Stud Beasley to copy every aspect of his car and even arranged the delivery of the engines and Edelbrock components. Beasley then went on to dominate the local scene and lap the entire field in its first major feature race, the World Derby on December 6, 1941.
other events.
His third-place finish at New York's Roosevelt Raceway open competition show in 1939 is still talked about as he drove the last 55 miles of the 150-miler with a flat tire. That race was watched by a crowd of 61,256.
He passed his drivers test for the Indianapolis 500 Mile Race in 1952 but never earned a spot in the starting field.
He died of a heart attack in Los Angeles at the age of 57.
He was inducted in the National Midget Auto Racing Hall of Fame in 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="19440046" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19440046" title="Innerarity Point, Florida">
Innerarity Point, Florida

Innerarity Point is an unincorporated community in Escambia County, Florida, United States. It is part of the Pensacola–Ferry Pass–Brent Metropolitan Statistical Area. Innerary point is located north of Perdido Key, Florida.

</doc>
<doc id="19440048" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19440048" title="Bahamas at the 1980 Summer Paralympics">
Bahamas at the 1980 Summer Paralympics

The Bahamas competed at the 1980 Summer Paralympics in Arnhem, Netherlands. The country's delegation consisted of six competitors in two sports, track and field athletics, and swimming. Two of the athletes, Christine Morgan and Olivia Armbrister, competed in both sports.

</doc>
<doc id="19440052" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19440052" title="Manuel Garcia-Duran">
Manuel Garcia-Duran

Manuel García-Durán is the Chairman and CEO of Grupo Ezentis (formerly Avánzit), a business group with more than 50 years of experience in the technology, infrastructure and telecommunications sectors, listed on the Madrid stock exchanges.
Biography.
Early life and education.
García-Durán holds degrees in law and economics from the University of Deusto in Spain. He also studied French civilization at the Sorbonne, strategic marketing at the London Business School and attended the International Institute for Management Development in Lausanne, Switzerland.
Career.
García-Durán’s professional career has been intrinsically linked to projects and companies in the technology, telecommunications and audiovisual sector. García-Durán was the chairman of Telefónica Media, the Spanish company’s business unit dedicated to the Group’s interests in audiovisual and media. He also held the position as General Manager of marketing, communications and Institutional Relations of Telefónica Group, at the time when the company was being privatized and began its internationalization process in 1996-2011. Additionally, García-Durán was the executive vice president of Antena3 TV, where he has led various projects related to the audiovisual sector in recent years. 
On 14 September 2011 García-Durán has appointed as new Chairman and CEO of Ezentis Group, (formerly Avánzit) a business group listed on the Madrid and Bilbao stock exchanges. It has over 50 years’ experience in the technology, infrastructure and telecommunications sectors, with over 5000 employees across 3 continents.
Recently, he has appointed advisor of the Board of Brasilinvest that it is and important group with partners in 16 countries and prominent representatives from all around the world who are part of the group's Board of Advisors.
On 10 Genuary 2012 García-Duran has appointed as new Chairman and CEO of Vertice 360, a business group listed on the Madrid, Barcelona, and Bilbao stock exchanges.

</doc>
<doc id="19440075" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19440075" title="Mimas (band)">
Mimas (band)

Mimas is a Danish band, based in Aarhus. The band comprises Iceland-born Snævar Njáll Albertsson (vocals, guitar, trumpet), Daniel Malling Beck (guitars, vocals, glockenspiel), Gert Hoberg Jørgensen (bass, vocals), and Lasse Dahl (drums, vocals).
Mimas signed to Big Scary Monsters Recording Company in 2008, and their debut album "The Worries" was released on October 6, 2008.
The quartet has also signed to the French label Distile Records who released the album in Europe and in the U.S. in 2009. Their second album "Lifejackets" was released in October 2010.
History.
Mimas has existed, in some form or another, since 2001, and previously went under the name Astronaut, but the original lineup - the current lineup plus Kenn Hedegaard Eskildsen (keyboards, synths, samples) - wasn't cemented until around 2005. On April 1, 2005, the band self-released their debut EP "Hands Will Carry", which received positive reviews. One track from the EP, "Thought Discuss", was released by British record label Worst Case Scenario Records in 2006. The EP's reputation secured the band a slot on the bill at Roskilde Festival 2005. Furthermore, the band have also played with bands such as Mono, Menomena, This Town Needs Guns and Why?. In 2007, the band released a "teaser" CD of songs from their forthcoming album, which was sold at shows on that summer's UK tour. However, upon returning to Denmark, the band decided to re-record all the songs they had completed thus far.
The Worries (2008-2009).
In early 2008, Eskildsen left the band, in an amicable split, and the band continued work on songs for their debut album. The album was completed in the spring of 2008, and the band subsequently signed with BSM. "The Worries" was released on October 6, 2008. Reviews of the album so far have generally been extremely positive.
In Summer 2009 Mimas completed their "Mimas and Papas European Tour 2009", although they were forced to abandon their van (known by the band and their fans as Satan) after it broke down in Spain, just a few days before the final show. In October 2009 they returned to the UK for a 5-date tour with Birmingham based math-rockers (and fellow BSM signings) Shapes.
Lifejackets (2009 - present).
Following extensive UK and European touring in support of The Worries, Mimas returned to Aarhus to begin work on their second album, which was written and recorded throughout 2009 and early 2010. Throughout this period, their live show featured several of the new songs, such as "Sodapop Stalkers" and "Rotting Rodents", which were being played live as early as September 2008.
In mid-2010, they announced that the album would be titled "Lifejackets", and would be released by BSM in the UK, and Pad and Pen records in Europe. It was released in October 2010.
Musical style.
While many journalists have been quick to label Mimas' style as Post-Rock, the band have recently preferred to use the phrase "Death-Indie" to describe their music. Indeed, earlier Mimas songs (up to and including those from the "Hands Will Carry" era) fitted better into the Post-Rock template, while the more recent songs have shown a departure from this original style. The band list their main influences as Do Make Say Think, Why?, Mogwai and Pavement. It is often noted that Mimas' sound has more in common with the music of Iceland than Denmark, and the band have put this down to vocalist Albertsson's Icelandic heritage.

</doc>
<doc id="19440079" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19440079" title="Nusantao Maritime Trading and Communication Network">
Nusantao Maritime Trading and Communication Network

In a hypothesis developed by Wilhelm Solheim, the Nusantao Maritime Trading and Communication Network (NMTCN) is a trade and communication network that first appeared in the Asia-Pacific region during its Neolithic age, or beginning roughly around 5000 BC. 
"Nusantao" is an artificial term coined by Solheim, derived from the Austronesian root words "nusa" "south" and "tao" "man, people".
Solheim's suggestions are in contrast to the more widely accepted "Out-of-Taiwan hypothesis" (OOT) by Peter Bellwood.
Solheim first suggested the concept in 1964. The NMTCN attempts to explain the diffusion of cultural traits throughout the Asia-Pacific region, a pattern that does not seem to match the projections of cultural spread by simple migration theories. Today, it is one of the dominant theories for the early peopling of the Southeast Asian region.
Solheim suggests that " elements of culture were spread by migrations, then the spread would have been primarily in one direction." He suggests that since the pattern of cultural diffusion in the Asia-Pacific region is spread in all directions, it is likely that the spread of cultural traits happened via some kind of trading network, rather than a series of migrations.
In Solheim's hypothesis, the people who constituted this trading network are referred to as "the Nusantao".I now define Nusantao as natives of Southeast Asia, and their descendants, with a maritime-oriented culture from their beginnings, these beginnings probably in southeastern Island Southeast Asia around 5000 BC or possibly earlier.
Most of the Nusantao probably spoke a related or pre-Austronesian language, but there were likely some who spoke a non-Austronesian language as well... I did not consider non-maritime Austronesian-speakers as Nusantao.

</doc>
<doc id="19440097" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19440097" title="Szczyrzyc County">
Szczyrzyc County

Szczyrzyc County (Polish: "Powiat szczyrzycki") was an administrative unit of the Kingdom of Poland and later Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth. It is unknown when it was established, probably some time in the 14th century. It was located in the southern part of the Kraków Voivodeship, with the capital in the historic village of Szczyrzyc.
It has been estimated that the county's territory was around 3315 square kilometers, which made it one of the biggest counties of the Kingdom of Poland. Its borders spread from the Vistula to the Tatras, and among towns belonging to the county were such places as Niepołomice, Tymbark, Bochnia, Brzesko, Nowy Targ, Jordanów, Wiśnicz, Wieliczka, Dobczyce, Kalwaria Zebrzydowska, Maków Podhalański and Skawina.
The county ceased to exist in 1772, when after the First Partition of Poland, it was annexed by Austrian Empire.

</doc>
<doc id="19440099" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19440099" title="Golden Book of Cycling">
Golden Book of Cycling

The Golden Book of Cycling was created in 1932 by "Cycling", a British cycling magazine, 
to celebrate "the Sport and Pastime of Cycling by recording the outstanding rides, deeds and accomplishments of cyclists, officials and administrators." There exists only a single copy of this compendium of illuminated manuscripts.
Each page was crafted to honour a single cycling hero. The original book was finished in 1972, but the tradition has been continued by The Pedal Club, who also maintain the archive of the original book.
Chapter 2.
The original golden book was finally shut in 1972. In 1991 the Pedal Club started "The Pedal Club Golden Book" to resurrect the tradition.

</doc>
<doc id="19440100" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19440100" title="Amaseffer">
Amaseffer

Amaseffer is an Israeli progressive metal band which was formed in 2004 in Tel Aviv, Israel by drummer and percussionist Erez Yohanan, and guitarist Yuval Kramer. A year later, a second guitarist Hanan Avramovich joined and the band got its structure. This is also when the band got its name "Amaseffer" - from Hebrew "Am Ha'Sefer" (עם הספר) - People of the (holy) book; a name from the Old Testament for the Israelites and later for the Jewish People. The band's music genre is considered progressive metal, but it contains a mixture of rock, metal, world music and Middle Eastern touches.
History.
"Slaves for Life" (2004–2008).
Amaseffer was formed with the idea of a historical trilogy in mind - to tell the old testament's story of the Exodus, from the Hebrew slavery period in ancient Egypt, through the years in the desert, and up to the entrance of the twelve tribes of Israel to the promised land of Canaan (later Israel). The first album of the trilogy, Slaves for Life, tells the story of the events starting with the Hebrews slavery, through the birth of Moses and ends with the ten plagues of Egypt.
In 2006, while the three band members were composing this first album in Tel Aviv, Israel, they started looking for a lead vocalist for the album. On August 2006 Andy Kuntz, lead singer of the German band Vanden Plas, joined the band to fulfill this duty. Through Kuntz, the band got to their recording studio, Bazement Studio, in Germany. In 2007, Kuntz and the band decided to part ways. Shortly after, the band announced that the leading vocals will be performed by Mats Leven (Krux, ex-Therion, ex-At Vance, Yngwie Malmsteen).
In November 2007, the band completed the recording of the album, featuring additional musical artists like vocals by Angela Gossow (Arch Enemy), Kobi Farhi (Orphaned Land), Yotam Avni (Prey for Nothing) and Maya Avraham; flutes by Amir Gvirtzman; tablas by Yatziv Caspi (Solstice Coil); bass guitar by Yair Yona. On April 2008, the band signed with InsideOut Music, and the first album was released on 2008-06-06 in Israel, Germany, Austria and Switzerland and by 2008-06-24 released worldwide.
After the production of the first album, the band was approached by an Israeli filmmaker to record and produce the full score soundtrack for the movie "Altalena" - a movie about the Altalena Affair from 1948. This led to the forming of a legal company with the purpose to produce movie soundtracks all over the world, in addition to the Exodus trilogy.
"When the Lions Leave Their Den" (2009–present).
On June 2009, the band decided not to implement the three record deal with InsideOut Music and left the label. In January 2010, Amaseffer went into the studio in order to finish the second installment of the trilogy, which all of it will be recorded at Amaseffer studio in Jerusalem, Israel. Once the album is ready the band will finish looking for a new label hoping to release the album by the beginning of 2011.
In an exclusive sneak-peek to the Canadian website, Metaleater, Erez Yohanan describes the new album: "We could not be happier with the way the new album is turning out to be. It's exactly how we envisioned it. We have made the right modifications in order to release something fresh and not repeat ourselves so the new songs are much more 'in your face', more of the basic structure, It's more commercially oriented, songs will start much faster then our debut and will get to the real fire right from the top but yet again we still managed to keep all of Amaseffer characteristics and sound, just like in "Slaves for Life"."
On April 9, 2010, the title of the second album's was revealed to be "When the Lions Leave Their Den". The name of the album's opening track was also revealed to be "Pillar of Fire", and it was written by Yotam Avni of Prey for Nothing, who wrote all the lyrics for the new album. Mats Leven is once again recording vocals, and it was revealed that half of his vocals were already recorded, as well as all the orchestration. The recording of the album was finished in July 2010, and it was mixed and mastered in Germany.
On December 2, 2010, the band premiered an un-mixed and un-mastered demo version of their song "Pillar of Fire" from their upcoming second album, on a dedicated website for the new album.

</doc>
<doc id="19440128" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19440128" title="John Mayall Plays John Mayall">
John Mayall Plays John Mayall

John Mayall Plays John Mayall is the debut album by John Mayall & the Bluesbreakers, released in 1965. This album was recorded live at Klooks Kleek on .

</doc>
<doc id="19440130" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19440130" title="Vitaly Koryakin">
Vitaly Koryakin

Vitaly Koryakin(born on December 2, 1983) is a male freestyle wrestler from Tajikistan. He participated in Men's freestyle 60 kg at 2008 Summer Olympics. He was eliminated in 1/8 final by Kenichi Yumoto from Japan.

</doc>
<doc id="19440152" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19440152" title="Philip J. Landrigan">
Philip J. Landrigan

Philip John Landrigan, M.D., M.Sc., (born June 14, 1942), is an American epidemiologist and pediatrician and one of the world's leading advocates of children's health.
His work has been recognized by national non-profit organization Healthy Child Healthy World (Lifetime Achievement Award) and the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (Child Health Champion Award), and he is included in New York Magazine's list of "Best Doctors 2008."
His books include "Raising Healthy Children in a Toxic World: 101 Smart Solutions for Every Family" and, with Herbert Needleman, "Raising Children Toxic Free: How to Keep Your Child Safe From Lead, Asbestos, Pesticides and Other Environmental Hazards". He has published over 500 scientific papers.
He is currently the Director of the Children's Environmental Health Center and the Ethel Wise Professor and Chair of the Department of Preventive Medicine at Mount Sinai Medical Center in New York City.
Biography.
Public health advocate.
Landrigan's reputation rests largely on his role as a highly credible evidence-based advocate for public health, specifically in his focus on reducing the level of children's exposure to lead and pesticides and for his participation in the World Health Organization's global campaign to eradicate smallpox. He was also a central figure in developing the National Children's Study and in the medical and epidemiological studies that followed the destruction of the World Trade Center on September 11, 2001. Additionally, from 1995 to 1997, Landrigan served on the Presidential Advisory Committee on Gulf War Veteran's Illnesses, and, in 1997 and 1998, served as Senior Advisor on Children's Health to the Administrator of the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency, where he helped establish the Office of Children's Health Protection.
He has been awarded the Meritorious Service Medal of the US Public Health Service and is a frequent consultant to the World Health Organization, which called Landrigan's work "instrumental in passing the Food Quality Protection Act of 1996."
In 2005, Landrigan, along with Drs. Ramon Murphy and David Muller, founded the Global Health Center, a division of the Mount Sinai Medical Center dedicated to finding evidence-based solutions to global health problems.
Lead.
In the early 1970s, Landrigan took on ASARCO, a smelting company and one of the largest employers in El Paso, Texas. In testing the blood of children attending schools near ASARCO's El Paso smelting plant, Landrigan concluded that 60% of children living within one mile of the smelter had elevated blood lead levels and that even small amounts of lead exposure lowers a child's IQ. In a later study (2002), Landrigan correlated childhood lead exposure and lifetime earning potential, concluding that current levels of lead exposure in the United States amount to an aggregate income loss of over $40 billion a year.
Landrigan and his studies played a key role in the government mandate phasing out lead components from gasoline, beginning in 1975, and the federal ban on lead paint in 1978 – culminating in an 88% drop in lead levels in American children by 2005.
Pesticides.
Beginning in 1988, at the request of U.S. Senator Patrick Leahy of Vermont, Landrigan led a 5-year study at the National Academy of Sciences to examine whether the accepted standard for pesticide exposure – aimed to protect a 150-pound adult – was adequate to protect the health of children. In 1993, the Landrigan Committee released a report, "Pesticides in the Diets of Infants and Children", that was the first to prove that children are uniquely susceptible to adverse effects of pesticides. The report called for standards ten times more stringent than those in effect at publication. Two major pesticides were subsequently banned from the residential market.
Asbestos.
On February 11, 2002, Landrigan testified before the House Committee on Education and the Workforce on the impacts of the September 11 attacks on the health of children. Landrigan addressed the issue of asbestos particles found in the air:
"Almost no data exist on the possible long-term consequences of low level asbestos in early childhood. Causes of malignant mesothelioma have, however, been reported in the grown children of asbestos workers who were exposed to take-home asbestos; among non-working women in the asbestos mining townships of Quebec who were exposed in the community; and among long term residents of a community near an asbestos-cement plant in Northern Italy."
In October, 2001, "New York Magazine" noted a disagreement between Landrigan and the EPA over the dangers posed by asbestos particles found in the air immediately after the September 11 attacks. While generally agreeing that significant risk was to the rescue workers alone, Landrigan disagreed with the EPA that tiny asbestos particles were too small to be considered dangerous, saying, "It's been substantiated by 30 or 40 years of research that the smaller fibers are the ones that can penetrate most deeply into the lungs."
Education.
Landrigan graduated Boston Latin School in 1959 and Boston College in 1963. He received his medical degree from Harvard Medical School in 1967 and completed his internship at Cleveland Metropolitan General Hospital and his residency at Boston Children's Hospital.
His post-graduate education included the London School of Hygiene and Tropical Medicine and his completion, with distinction, of a Master of Science in Occupational Medicine at the University of London.
Military service.
From 1996 to 2005, Landrigan served in the Medical Corps of the United States Naval Reserve, retiring at the rank of Captain. He continues to serve as Deputy Command Surgeon General of the New York Naval Militia. From 2000 to 2002, he served on the Armed Forces Epidemiological Board.
He received Navy & Marine Corps Commendation Medals in 2002, 2003, and 2005, the Secretary of Defense Medal for Outstanding Public Service in 2002, and the National Defense Service Medal in 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="19440169" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19440169" title="Amos Jones">
Amos Jones

Amos Jones (born December 31, 1959 in Tallahassee, Florida) is an American football coach. Currently he is the special teams coordinator for the Arizona Cardinals of the National Football League.
College Playing Career.
Jones played safety and running back at the University of Alabama, under Paul "Bear" Bryant. He graduated from Alabama in 1982 and later earned a master's degree from the same institution.
Coaching career.
Amos Jones began his NFL coaching career as an assistant special teams coach for the Pittsburgh Steelers. He was hired on January 29, 2007. He worked under special teams coach Bob Ligashesky and head coach Mike Tomlin. He had previously worked with Tomlin as well as former Steelers offensive line coach Larry Zierlein in the late 1990s at the University of Cincinnati. Other connections with the Steelers staff included serving under (former) offensive coordinator Bruce Arians when he was head coach at Temple in the 1980s and playing and coaching at Alabama during the late 1970s and early 1980s when Steelers assistant head coach John Mitchell served at the Tide's defensive line coach.
Prior to joining the Steelers, Jones had coached football for 26 years — four seasons at the high school level; 21 seasons at the college level at Alabama, Temple, Pitt, Tulane, Cincinnati, James Madison, and Mississippi State; and a single year with the Canadian Football League's BC Lions.
Jones was retained by the Steelers as assistant special teams coach when Ligashesky was replaced by Al Everest as the Steeler's special teams coordinator in 2010. When Everest was fired by the team just prior to the 2012 season, Jones took over responsibility for all of the special teams.In 2013 Jones was hired by the Arizona Cardinals
Personal life.
Jones grew up in Aliceville, Alabama. He is a 1978 graduate of Pickens Academy, a private school in Carrollton, Alabama. He was baptized in the Southern Baptist faith on the same day as his father.
Jones and his wife Stacey (formerly Stacey Merkle) have four children. Their oldest daughter attends the University of Alabama. The family makes their off-season home on a farm in Pickens County, Alabama located between Aliceville and Carrollton.

</doc>
<doc id="19440171" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19440171" title="Upper Kenilworth Avenue (Hamilton, Ontario)">
Upper Kenilworth Avenue (Hamilton, Ontario)

Upper Kenilworth Avenue is an Upper City (mountain) arterial road in Hamilton, Ontario, Canada. It starts off at Fennell Avenue in the north and extends southward just past Limeridge Road where it ends north of the Lincoln M. Alexander Parkway at "Trenhome Park".
History.
Named Upper Kenilworth Avenue because it is in alignment with Kenilworth Avenue in Lower City Hamilton.
Landmarks.
"Note: Listing of Landmarks from North to South."
Communities.
"Note: Listing of neighbourhoods from North to South." 
Roads that are parallel with Upper Kenilworth Avenue.
"Note: Listing of Roads from West to East."
Roads that cross Upper Kenilworth Avenue.
"Note #1: Listing of streets from North to South."
External links.
<br>
<br>
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19440179" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19440179" title="Thomas Shingles">
Thomas Shingles

Thomas Shingles (April 3, 1903 – May 31, 1984) was the Master Engraver of the Royal Canadian Mint from 1943 until his retirement in 1965; he first began work at the Mint in 1939. He was born in Birmingham, England.
Shingles was responsible for several of the images on Canadian coinage, including the Second World War V-variant nickel, which he designed in 1943 at the behest of Mint staff; although most coin designs are done at full size and then reduced via a pantograph, Shingles chose to produce this design in miniature.
Other designs by Shingles include the 1959 updating of the 50 cent piece to include the Canadian coat of arms; as with all of Shingles' work, the coin includes his initials "TS". He also designed the majority of Canadian commemorative coinage during his tenure as Master Engraver.
Shingles retired from the Mint in 1965, but continued to work as a freelance artist. In 1970, he entered a contest to design the 1971 Canadian dollar coin and took first prize, being awarded $3500.

</doc>
<doc id="19440180" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19440180" title="Softonic.com">
Softonic.com

Softonic.com is a software download portal based in Barcelona, Spain, founded in 1997. Since 2007, the portal has included a blog called OnSoftware.
History.
Softonic started in 1997 as a file-oriented service called Shareware Intercom, at Intercom Online (Grupo Intercom), a provider of Internet services in Cerdanyola del Vallès, near Barcelona (Catalonia). Originally files for the website came from the "Files Library Intercom BBS" at Intercom Online, using a "5-step semi-automated process", which was later greatly simplified. The company also offered monthly CDs of its software library for users tired of "having to wait for downloads to complete or pay exorbitant phone bills." In 1999, the service was described as having a "generosity of games, antivirus, education and the long, seductive etcetera."
In 2000 the company became independent under the name Softonic. In 2004, Softonic was made available in German, and in 2005, English. Initially the service was oriented only to downloads of DOS and Windows software, but evolved to offer software downloads for Mac and mobile platforms. Softonic was listed as the "Best place to work in Spain (100-250 employees)" in an annual study by the Great Place to Work Institute, in 2009-2011, and as second-best in 2008. 
In 2009 and 2011, the site was listed as having the most unique visitor traffic in Spain by audit bureau OJD Interactiva.
Downloads.
Softonic offers the "Softonic Toolbar", a Windows-only 4MB web browser add-on for Firefox and Internet Explorer which provides company-specific content, online services, and streamed music. For software hosted by Softonic, downloads can be accompanied by a customized "Softonic Downloader" which shows "commercial offers, such as the Softonic Toolbar." 
According to Softonic, "some offers can include software that contains advertising".
In 2013, the site was criticised for its downloads installing adware even if the user opted out of its installation.

</doc>
<doc id="19440182" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19440182" title="1979 Individual Speedway World Championship">
1979 Individual Speedway World Championship

The 1979 Individual Speedway World Championship.

</doc>
<doc id="19440194" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19440194" title="Robert Tresilian">
Robert Tresilian

Robert Tresilian (died 1388) was a Cornish lawyer, and Chief Justice of the King's Bench between 1381 and 1387. He was born in Cornwall, and held land in Tresillian, near Truro. Tresilian was deeply involved in the struggles between King Richard II and the Lords Appellant, and was eventually executed for his loyalty to the king.
Early career and the Peasants' Revolt.
Tresilian appears in the records for the first time in 1354. His early career took place in Oxfordshire and Berkshire; in 1367 he was a Justice of the Peace (JP) in Berkshire and in 1368 in Oxfordshire. He also worked in his home county, and in 1370 was a JP for Cornwall. In the 1370s he began working in royal administration, and in 1378 he was made a Justice of the King's Bench. Shortly after he was also knighted. When Chief Justice Sir John Cavendish was killed in the Peasants' Revolt in 1381, Tresilian was appointed to take over the position.
After the rebellion was over, Tresilian was put in charge of punishing the rebels, and did so extremely harshly. He followed King Richard II into Essex, where he led what was described as a 'bloody assize' against the rebels. He pressured jurors into giving up names of suspects, and to maximise sentences, contrived to have charges presented as felonies rather than trespasses. All in all nineteen men were hanged, while another twelve were hanged and drawn. There was a widespread belief in the localities that royal retribution had gone too far, and that reform of government was necessary as well as punishing the rebels, to prevent further uprisings.
Political involvement and death.
In the following years Tresilian became increasingly involved in politics, as a loyal follower of the king. In November 1386 parliament appointed a commission to review and control royal finances. The king resented this infringement of his royal prerogative, and in the so-called 'questions to the judges', he received legal backing for the position that the commission was unlawful. It is largely assumed that it was Tresilian who drafted the 'questions', and thereby turned a political controversy into a legal dispute. The king's opponents went on the counterattack, and on 17 November 1387, Tresilian was among a number of loyalists who were charged with treason by the group of noblemen known as the Lords Appellant. When Tresilian's case came up for trial, he had gone into hiding and was not to be found, and was sentenced "in absentia". Not long after he was discovered in hiding in sanctuary in Westminster. He was dragged into court with cries of 'We have him!' from the mob, and as he was already convicted, he was summarily executed. He was hanged naked before his throat was cut.
Reputation and family.
The charges against Tresilian had consisted in more than simply treason. He was a highly unpopular judge, and among his crimes was also corruption. Several cases were presented from Cornwall and Devon, where the judge had abused his powers to advance his own fortune. Tresilian and his wife Emmaline (Emma), had a son John, and at least two daughters. Through his marriage, but also through corrupt conduct, he had acquired great parts of land in Berkshire, Buckinghamshire, Oxfordshire, and Cornwall. His land was forfeited at his death, but, to his son's objections, much of it was regained by John Hawley the elder, a merchant and pirate from Dartmouth, who married Emma.
In the 1720s, Jonathan Swift, in his vehement attack on William Whitshed, Lord Chief Justice of Ireland, wrote that he had no parallel for judicial corruption except Tresillian and William Scroggs

</doc>
<doc id="19440203" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19440203" title="Emil Thuy">
Emil Thuy

Emil Thuy (11 March 1894 – 11 June 1930), Pour le Merite, Württemberg's Order of Military Merit, House Order of Hohenzollern, Iron Cross First and Second Class, was one of the leading German fighter aces of World War I, with 35 victories. After the war, he was an adviser to the Finnish air force and was involved in the secret origins of the Luftwaffe within the Soviet Union.
Early life.
Emil Thuy was born in Hagen, Germany, the son of a factory owner. He was interested in airplanes even as a child, building models and testing a glider.
After graduation from secondary school, he worked for a while in a colliery in Lebanon, Germany. He then enrolled in 1913 in the Faculty of Mining at the Technical University of Clausthal; he was interested in metallurgical engineering.
Military service.
In August, 1914, Thuy volunteered to serve as a pioneer, which was the German equivalent of a combat engineer. After only six weeks basic training, he was rushed into combat. In November, 1914, he was so severely wounded as to be considered unfit for further military service.
Nevertheless, when he recuperated, he volunteered for the "Luftstreitkräfte". He underwent aviation training in Berlin. He then reported for duty with FFA 53, which was a reconnaissance unit that spotted and directed artillery fire from the air. He reported in on 10 July 1915 as a vizefeldwebel or non-commissioned pilot. He would remain with FFA 53 until 1 November 1916. Despite flying a two seater plane poorly suited for combat, he scored his first victory on 8 September 1915.
On 1 November 1916, he entered fighter pilot training, graduating only 18 days later. He was then assigned to Jagdstaffel 21, then equipped with Albatros fighters. He was commissioned a leutnant (lieutenant) in the reserves on 27 March 1917 after three weeks training.
On 16 April 1917, after joining Saxon "Jagdstaffel 21", he scored his second victory. He began to tally triumphs on a regular basis. By the time he left Jasta 21 on 29 September 1917, his list read 14, with number 14 being shot down on 22 September.
He then transferred to command Jasta 28, which had lost two commanders killed in action in the previous month. On 24 September, he scored his first victory with his new squadron. He continued to accumulate wins on a steady basis, by ones and twos.
He was injured in a crash on 2 February 1918. On the 20th, he was discharged from hospital and returned to duty. On 30 June 1918, he was awarded the Blue Max (Pour le Merite). At about this time, he changed aircraft from the Pfalz D.III he had been flying, to a Fokker D.VII. In July, Jagdgruppe 7 was founded, incorporating his Jasta and three others. Thuy commanded both JG 7 and Jasta 28 simultaneously.
He ended his victory string by shooting a double on 14 October 1918.
Post World War I.
Thuy resumed his studies and upon graduation, joined his father in the family's factory in Hagen On. He wrote treatises on aviation on the side. As a result, he received an offer from Siemens-Schuckert to be a "technical consultant" for the Finnish Air Force.
Thuy was a member of a paramilitary veterans organization known as the Steel Helmets, which was the armed wing of the German National People's Party. He was active in the resistance to the French and Belgian occupation of the Ruhr.
He then went to Finland in early 1923 as an oberleutnant or senior lieutenant. He was the head of the aerial gunnery department of the Finnish Air Force Flying School, departing finally about 16 August 1924.
The Treaty of Versailles banned Germany from having an air force. To get around this, a secret training base was established in the Soviet Union, at Lipetsk, in 1924. Thuy was offered the opportunity to serve there and accepted.
On 11 June 1930, while flying from Moscow to Berlin as part of this mission, Thuy crashed fatally in the vicinity of Smolensk. He was testing a secret Albatros L 76 reconnaissance airplane at the time.

</doc>
<doc id="19440213" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19440213" title="Anthony R. Kuser">
Anthony R. Kuser

Anthony R. Kuser (May 12, 1862 - February 8, 1929) was a businessman and philanthropist who built the High Point monument and donated the land that makes up New Jersey's highest point.
Biography.
Early life.
He was born in Newark, New Jersey and moved with his family at age 5 to Trenton, New Jersey.
Career.
In, 1889 he was appointed the personal staff of Governor Leon Abbett where he received a nickname of "Colonel." He would serve in a similar capacity for George T. Werts and John W. Griggs.
In 1909, he financed the Kuser-William Beebe Expedition to study birds in Ceylon, India, Burma, the Malay States, Java, Borneo, China and Japan. In 1910, he purchased the High Point Inn from the estate of Charles St. John and proceeded to remodel it into his personal home although he rarely used it. In 1915, he lent $200,000 to William Fox (producer) to establish what would become 20th Century Fox. He would remain on the Fox board until his death.
Personal life.
On December 1, 1896, he married Susie Fairfield Dryden, daughter of Senator and Prudential Insurance founder John Fairfield Dryden. They had two children John Dryden Kuser, a New Jersey state senator who was the first husband of Brooke Astor and a younger daughter Cynthia both of whom grew up in this mansion in Bernardsville, New Jersey which still stands.
In 1922, he donated his home at High Point along with for a state park. In 1927, he selected an architect to design a memorial on the summit which was to be modeled on the Bunker Hill Monument. The monument was still under construction when he died. Kuser's mansion at High Point fell into disrepair and was torn down in 1995.

</doc>
<doc id="19440222" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19440222" title="Albert Batsa">
Albert Batsa

Albert Batsa (born 27 May 1983) is a Togolese football midfielder. He currently plays for Maranatha F.C..

</doc>
<doc id="19440224" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19440224" title="Texas Open Beaches Act">
Texas Open Beaches Act

The Texas Open Beaches Act is a U.S. state of Texas law, passed in 1959 and amended in 1991, which guarantees free public access to beaches on the Gulf of Mexico:
"The public... shall have the free and unrestricted right of ingress and egress to and from the state-owned beaches bordering on the seaward shore of the Gulf of Mexico ... extending from the line of mean low tide to the line of vegetation bordering on the Gulf of Mexico."
After major storms, Texas GLO guidelines indicate that beachfront residents may not rebuild their homes due to the act 
such as some Galveston homes affected by Hurricane Alicia in 1983. Additionally, repairs may only be made in certain circumstances, and then only on structures above the mean high-tide line.
Ongoing litigation continues to clarify the effect of the act on beachfront property owners. The Texas Supreme Court has made it clear that once acquired, public easements do not "roll" when the mean high-tide line changes due to an avulsive event such as a hurricane. The state will own the "wet beach" (any land seaward of the mean-high-tide line), but the "dry beach" (beach that is landward of the mean-high-tide line, but seaward of the vegetation line) may be privately owned, regardless of any pre-existing easements on the beach prior to the avulsive event. However, an easement will "roll" with the vegetation line as long as its movement is gradual/natural and not caused by an avulsive event like a hurricane. Some have criticized the court's decision based on the fact that hurricanes result in "natural" erosion; critics argue that the distinction between what is "avulsive" and what is "gradual" is unclear.

</doc>
<doc id="19440235" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19440235" title="Netherlands in the Eurovision Song Contest 1992">
Netherlands in the Eurovision Song Contest 1992

The Netherlands returned at the Eurovision Song Contest at the Eurovision Song Contest 1992, after withdrawing from the 1991 contest.
Their entry was Humphrey Campbell with the song "Wijs me de weg" (Show me the way) after he won the Dutch national final, Nationaal Songfestival 1992. At Eurovision, the song came ninth, having received 67 points.
National final.
Nederlandse Omroep Stichting (NOS), the Dutch national broadcaster, continued to host a national final to select the Dutch entry for the Eurovision Song Contest 1992, held in Malmö, Sweden. Nationaal Songfestival 1992 was held at the NOS TV studios in Hilversum on 29 March 1992, hosted by Bas Westerweel. The winner was chosen by the votes of 12 regional juries.
The winner was Humphrey Campbell with the song "Wijs me de weg", composed by Edwin Schimscheimer.
At Eurovision.
Campbell performed 23rd (last) on the night of the contest, following Germany. "Wijs me de weg" came 9th of 23, receiving 67 points.

</doc>
<doc id="19440256" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19440256" title="Wrestling at the 1976 Summer Olympics – Men's freestyle 48 kg">
Wrestling at the 1976 Summer Olympics – Men's freestyle 48 kg

The Men's Freestyle 48 kg at the 1976 Summer Olympics as part of the wrestling program were held at the Maurice Richard Arena.
Tournament results.
The competition used a form of negative points tournament, with negative points given for any result short of a fall. Accumulation of 6 negative points eliminated the loser wrestler. When only three wrestlers remain, a special final round is used to determine the order of the medals.
Final.
Results from the preliminary round are carried forward into the final (shown in yellow).

</doc>
<doc id="19440261" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19440261" title="Everett T. Moore">
Everett T. Moore

Everett Thomson Moore (August 6, 1909 – January 5, 1988) was a Harvard University educated librarian active in the Freedom to Read Foundation, which promoted intellectual freedom in libraries. He worked as an academic librarian at University of Illinois, University of California Berkeley and University of California Los Angeles eventually joining UCLA's school of Library Service faculty in 1961. Moore is most famous for challenging California's Attorney General on issues of censorship and intellectual freedom in libraries in the case of "Moore v. Younger". In 1999, "American Libraries" named him one of the "100 Most Important Leaders We Had in the 20th Century".
Biography.
Moore was born in Highland Park, California. He graduated from Occidental College in Los Angeles with a Bachelor of Arts in 1931 and went on to earn his Master of Arts in English from Harvard in 1933. After teaching at the Webb School for several years, Moore earned his Library Science certificate from UCLA in 1939. He then began working as a reference librarian at Berkeley and the University of Illinois until the United States' involvement in World War II.
During World War II Moore served as a Major in the United States Army. Stationed in the Southwest Pacific he worked as an Education Officer under General Douglas MacArthur.
Censorship after World War II.
After World War II, censorship was often linked with patriotism. The McCarthy era and the Cold War had begun. Communist and leftist literature was frequently challenged as was literature on feminism, sex education, critiques of capitalism, and civil rights. In Alabama, a controversial new law required "that every book used in college or public school…was to be labeled to indicate that the author was or was not an advocate of Communism…" Pressure was applied to New Jersey libraries by the Sons of the American Revolution for this similar kind of labeling. The group also insisted on an application of sorts to gain access to Communist literature which they felt "should not be freely available in libraries…" This "dark…very unfortunate chapter in American history" included public, private, often secret interrogations of American citizens. Led by Wisconsin senator Joseph McCarthy, it was a modern day witch hunt of sorts in that an individual American's intellectual thought was suspect and invoking the Fifth Amendment right was often detrimental. This is verified with McCarthy's interrogation of one New York City teacher:
According to the transcript, McCarthy asked an aide to transmit the testimony to the city's board of education. "I assume with this testimony they will discharge this man," McCarthy said. He turned to the teacher and added, "I may say your wife's testimony is being transmitted to the board of education also. I assume she will be discharged too." 
Moore explores the story in Bartlesville, Oklahoma of Free Public librarian, Ruth Brown, in his book "Issues of Freedom in American Libraries" (1964). Moore states that, "so many threats to the freedom to read occurred during the early 1950s." Although Brown was not under suspicion for being a Communist, she had included magazines such as the ""New Republic, The Nation" and "Soviet Russia Today"" in the library collection. A group called the Citizens' Committee filed a complaint which was investigated by the city. The City Commission sided with the Citizens' Committee but was unable to impose consequences, especially since Brown had the support of the library board. The City Commission repealed an ordinance that then allowed them to "assume control of the library." They were able to overrule the library board and fire Brown. Moore declares that although this particular story is all but forgotten, "her case did more…than any other in our time to shock librarians…into examining their beliefs in intellectual freedom." 
McCarthyism fell farther out of favor after the "harsh treatment of Army officers" especially Colonel Chester T. Brown, who also refused to answer questions. McCarthy stated that, "Any man in the uniform of his country who refused to give information to a committee of the Senate which represents the American people, that man is not fit to wear the uniform of his country." "Such attacks infuriated President Eisenhower", who had been a high-ranking officer in World War II. McCarthy died three years after the unpopular 1954 Army–McCarthy hearings on May 2, 1957." Current Michigan Senator Carl Levin denounced McCarthyism stating, "To attack people personally for their political beliefs and to browbeat them for asserting their rights, is no longer something which people are willingly engaged in…"
Issues of Freedom in American Libraries.
In "Issues of Freedom in American Libraries" (1964), Moore explores different circumstances of censorship in the United States. Moore notes the popularity in the Soviet Union of Ray Bradbury's book, "Fahrenheit 451". This book often came under attack in the US during the McCarthy era because it was believed to be a direct criticism of McCarthyism. This initially made the book quite popular in the USSR with some 500,000 pirated copies in circulation. The Soviets immediately censored the book after they discovered it was actually a criticism of "tyranny over the mind at any time or place."
Moore continued his research on these issues and continued to be closely involved with libraries on a local and national level in the following capacities:
Moore was well aware that librarians would often be at the center of this debate and acknowledged the difficulty in differentiating between serious literature and what can fairly be described as obscene. In Moore's book, "Issues of Freedom in American Libraries", he explores the divided opinions of these issues. Moore quoted Reverend Wright of Texas who stated that, "all America's problems will be solved if he (i.e. Reverend Wright) will be permitted to select the books that should be read."
Some of the books Wright objected to included:
According to Moore, there are some psychiatrists, police officers and social workers who have insisted on the link between "reading obscene literature" and "criminality." It was often argued that "serious mental disorders or psychological" problems were at the root of the deviant behavior however these cases admittedly did not include "average adults."
Moore explored the flip side of this argument by referencing Justice William O. Douglas' pamphlet, "Freedom of the Mind." Douglas questions why we "…would treat all adults as sick and unable to withstand exposure to the world of ideas." Douglas further questions why Communism is censored without even allowing US citizens to learn the principles of what it means. Why not educate ourselves instead of limit our knowledge? Douglas describes censorship as forcing, "the public to live up to the censor's code of morality…" 
Moore vs. Younger, 54 Cal. App. 3d 1122 (1976).
The case of Moore vs. Younger originated from a somewhat ambiguous law, California's Harmful Matter Statute. California Attorney General Evelle J. Younger "claimed that individual librarians could be prosecuted for giving juveniles access to questionable reading materials." Moore, as plaintiff, challenged the Attorney General through legal action. In February 1976, one month after he retired from UCLA, Moore won his case. All librarians in California were found to be exempt from the Harmful Matter Statute by the California Court of Appeals.
The court declares that it was the intention of the Legislature to provide librarians with exemption from application of the Harmful Matter Statute when acting in the discharge of their duties. The court declares alternatively that the availability and distribution of books at public and school libraries is necessarily always in furtherance of legitimate educational and scientific purposes... And accordingly, librarians are not subject to prosecution under the Harmful Matter Statute for distributing library materials to minors in the course and scope of their duties as librarians. 
Moore vs. Younger is still relevant today and was cited in 2001 in Kathleen R. vs. City of Livermore, 87 Cal. App. 4th 684 (Cal. App. 1st Dist. 2001). The case involved children and Internet instruction. The library stated, "We cannot presume that such instruction would include lessons on finding obscenity or other harmful matter on the Internet…such lessons would not further the library's stated mission."
Censorship is often a gray area and some lawyers have noted that in the United States it may not be possible to uphold certain laws, "without doing violence to due process of law and to the free-press provisions of the Constitution.
Intellectual freedom.
Moore died on January 5, 1988. Fellow librarian at the University of Illinois, Beverly P. Lynch described Moore:
Moore's contribution to intellectual freedom and libraries is substantial. 
UCLA Librarian Gary E. Strong expressed what a "world-class research library" UCLA had become and praised those who helped: "You should know the names of John Goodman, Lawrence Clark Powell...Everett Moore, Seymour Lubetzky, Francis Clarke Sayers…Robert Vosper, Russell Shank and Robert Hayes…" Moore is also included in the American Library's list of "100 most important leaders we had in the 20th century."
When Everett Moore realized librarians were in danger of losing their full ability to "provide people with the information they request, not to judge the uses to which that information will be put" he took legal action to assure everyone had the opportunity to access "a universal collection of knowledge and creativity for future generations." 

</doc>
<doc id="19440299" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19440299" title="1978 Individual Speedway World Championship">
1978 Individual Speedway World Championship

The 1978 Individual Speedway World Championship.

</doc>
<doc id="19440331" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19440331" title="German submarine U-116">
German submarine U-116

U-116 may refer to one of the following German submarines:

</doc>
<doc id="19440337" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19440337" title="Worcestershire Record Office">
Worcestershire Record Office

Worcestershire Record Office is located in Worcester, England. It is part of the Heritage Services Division of the Adult and Community Services Directorate of Worcestershire County Council. The Worcestershire Record Office comprises three branches, two of which are open to the public: the County Hall branch and the Worcestershire Library & History Centre (or History Centre branch). The Corporate Information Management Unit is concerned with the management of records produced by Worcestershire County Council staff and is only open for use by members of the council. The record office collects, preserves and makes available records relating to the history of Worcestershire and its residents, dating from the 12th Century to the 21st Century.
History.
Worcestershire had been among the first counties to establish a records committee in the 1890s, and a proposal to establish a county record office had been unsuccessful in 1938. Worcestershire Record Office opened with E. H. Sargeant as the first County Archivist in 1947, situated at the Shire Hall in Worcester city. In the mid-1950s additional space was added with the acquisition of the St. Helen’s church. In 1985 the Record Office moved to a purpose-built building located on the County Hall campus in Worcester. In 2001 the branch at St Helen’s was closed, and a new History Centre was opened on Trinity Street in the city. In July 2012 the Record Office and the History Centre are due to move to a new purpose built Worcester Library and History Centre, which will house:
Branches.
The Worcestershire Record Office comprises two public branches:
County Hall Branch.
The County Hall branch holds original records available for consultation by the public.
Records available.
Amongst the original records held at the County Hall Branch are:
Visiting.
To consult original documents searchers need to be members of CARN (County Archive Research Network). A CARN ticket can be acquired on production of any 
proof of I.D. that includes the searcher's address.
History Centre Branch.
Worcestershire History Centre does not hold original records; most resources are on microfilm and are self-service. The History Centre is the most appropriate branch for family historians to visit, although there are also sources available for some local history research. 
Sources Available.
There are also various CD-ROM packages available for use. In addition to microfilm sources, the History Centre houses a countywide selection of local and family history books. These books are for reference only. 

</doc>
<doc id="19440349" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19440349" title="Myreton Motor Museum">
Myreton Motor Museum

The Myreton Motor Museum is a museum located near the village of Aberlady, East Lothian, Scotland, which has a motoring history collection which covers most of the twentieth century.
Collection.
The museum holds a collection commercial vehicles, cars, motor cycles, bicycles, motoring memorabilia and toy cars dating back to the turn of the twentieth century. A notable exhibit in the museum is the 1989 Jaguar XJS which the British Member of Parliament Sir Menzies Campbell donated to it in 2006, to fulfil a commitment on environmental grounds that he had made during his successful campaign to be elected as leader of the Liberal Democrats political party.
History.
The museum was established in 1966 by the late Willie Dale.

</doc>
<doc id="19440399" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19440399" title="Jaxtr">
Jaxtr

__NOTOC__
Jaxtr is a social communications company that melds together global calling, SMS, and social networking. Founded by Phillip Mobin and Touraj Parang in October 2005, jaxtr uses Voice over Internet Protocol to offer competitive rates as well as free international and long distance calling. Some key differentiators for jaxtr in its market include allowing phone-to-phone calls to and from any mobile and landline phones, offering social networking focused on voice (café jaxtr), requiring no software downloads or access pins, and giving users local Direct Inward Dialing (DID) phone numbers. Offered in 56 countries, these numbers allow users in those countries to dial a local phone number which would ring a long distance or international destination phone. Jaxtr also offers users a set number of global SMS messages each month.
Jaxtr reports having over 10 million users in 220 countries in 2008. In June 2008, they raised $10 million in a Series B round of venture capital funding from Lehman Brothers Venture Partners. In the same month, they also launched their paid services. In October, Jaxtr laid off thirty percent of its employees, and its CEO, Konstantin Guericke, was fired.
Currently, the company is located in Menlo Park, CA.
On 14 June 2009, Hotmail Founder Sabeer Bhatia's Sabsebolo acquired Jaxtr for an unknown amount.
Jaxtr shall function with the same brand name and help Sabsebolo with its large userbase.
Technology.
While Skype popularized the concept to make calls through personal computers for consumers, jaxtr builds on that concept by allowing calls to be routed through VoIP to and from both mobile and landline phones. As a hybrid of telephony and Web technologies, jaxtr is built with Java components and MySQL database servers, which run a protocol-independent calls engine that combines users' voice and text conversations. Jaxtr uses open source software throughout the system--memcached, Asterisk, and OpenSER SIP server among others.
Jaxtr provides local phone numbers in numerous countries around the world by contracting with wholesale Direct Inward Dialing (DID) service providers such as DIDX . Providing users with these DIDs allows them to dial a local number, which is routed through jaxtr’s VoIP system, and connects with the person they are calling internationally. As a result, the caller pays their service provider only the standard charge for local calling, instead of international toll.
Products.
JaxtrSMS.
JaxtrSMS is a cross-platform, open texting application. This mobile application will let users send unlimited free text messages to any other phone anywhere in the world. Also, JaxtrSMS retains the number of the user and no new number is required while signing up for the JaxtrSMS service. The app uses WiFi or 3G/2G data services to send the message and reportedly behaves like regular SMS. 
Although initially promoted as a free product, Jaxtr is now asking some users to pay for delivery of SMS messages to countries other than India and the USA which has decreased its credibility among smartphone users.

</doc>
<doc id="19440400" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19440400" title="1977 Individual Speedway World Championship">
1977 Individual Speedway World Championship

The 1977 Individual Speedway World Championship.

</doc>
<doc id="19440407" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19440407" title="Jamal Mohammed">
Jamal Mohammed

Jamal Mohammed commonly known as Jamal Kalo (born 24 November 1984) is a Kenyan footballer who plays for Dhofar in the Omantel Professional League. 
Club career.
Mohammed previously played for Mathare United of Kenya, Liberty Professionals F.C. of Ghana, Hapoel Nazareth of Israel, Enköpings of Sweden, Kazma of Kuwait, FCM Târgu Mureş of Romania and then for his first club Mathare United before moving to Oman. In Oman, he played for Al-Nasr S.C. for one season and then signed a contract with rivals Dhofar on 12 September 2013.
International career.
He played in fifteen international matches and scored five goals for Kenya national football team.

</doc>
<doc id="19440410" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19440410" title="Məşədilər (40° 53' N 45° 45' E), Tovuz">
Məşədilər (40° 53' N 45° 45' E), Tovuz

Məşədilər (also, Meshadlyar and Meshadilyar) is a village and municipality in the Tovuz Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="19440412" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19440412" title="Holby City (series 11)">
Holby City (series 11)

The eleventh series of the British medical drama television series "Holby City" commenced airing in the United Kingdom on BBC One on 21 October 2008, and concluded on 13 October 2009.
Episodes.
<onlyinclude>
</onlyinclude>

</doc>
<doc id="19440427" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19440427" title="Wilhelm Solheim (botanist)">
Wilhelm Solheim (botanist)

Wilhelm G. Solheim I (1898–1978) was a botanist after whom the Wilhelm G. Solheim Mycological Herbarium at the University of Wyoming is named. His son, Wilhelm G. Solheim II is an archeologist, and in fact is recognized as most senior practitioner of archaeology in Southeast Asia.

</doc>
<doc id="19440431" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19440431" title="Məşədilər (40° 51' N 45° 42' E), Tovuz">
Məşədilər (40° 51' N 45° 42' E), Tovuz

Məşədilər (also, Meshadilyar) is a village and municipality in the Tovuz Rayon of Azerbaijan. The municipality consists of the villages of Məşədilər and Qozdərə.

</doc>
<doc id="19440438" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19440438" title="Juan Carlos Valenzuela">
Juan Carlos Valenzuela

Juan Carlos Valenzuela, (born May 15, 1984 in Guaymas, Sonora) is a Mexican footballer who currently plays for América in the Liga MX. His nickname "Topo" means "The Mole".
Club career.
Atlas.
Valenzuela came up from the Atlas youth system, debuting in Clausura 2003 against future club Tecos UAG. 
América.
In Clausura 2008 he was acquired by Tecos where his performance arouse the interest of Mexican giant Club América and the Mexican national team. Valenzuela made his debut for América against Chivas in the Interliga 2009.
International career.
Mexico national team.
Valenzuela debuted on 24 September 2008, against Chile. He started in the 2009 Gold Cup semi-final and final, winning the championship. He made the preliminary list for the 2010 World Cup, getting cut prior to the "Goodbye" game in Mexico City. Valenzuela was called up to play against New Zealand National Football team by Miguel Herrera.
International caps.
"As of 30 October 2013"

</doc>
<doc id="19440446" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19440446" title="Bulleid pacific">
Bulleid pacific

Bulleid pacific may refer to the following classes of British steam railway locomotives:

</doc>
<doc id="19440451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19440451" title="Məşədilər">
Məşədilər

Məşədilər or Meshadlyar or Mashadlyar may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19440452" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19440452" title="George Pollard (politician)">
George Pollard (politician)

Sir George Herbert Pollard (20 October 1864 – 27 August 1937) was a British physician, barrister and Liberal politician.
He was the son of James Pollard of Southport, Lancashire. 
Pollard was educated at Oxford and Edinburgh Universities. He received a Bachelor of Medicine degree from the Royal College of Surgeons of Edinburgh in 1886, and was the first prizeman in Public Health.
In 1888 he married Charlotte Elizabeth Butterworth. He was called to the bar at the Inner Temple in 1893, and was elected mayor of the Borough of Southport in 1897. 
He was an active participant in Liberal politics, and stood unsuccessfully for election to parliament at Southport in 1892, and Chatham in 1895.
In 1906 he was elected MP for Eccles, and held the seat until the 1918 general election.
He was a member of the General Council of University of Edinburgh and assistant to the Professor of Midwifery at the Royal College of Surgeons, Edinburgh. During the First World War he was a medical advisor to the Ministry of Munitions on poison gas and chemical warfare. In 1909 he was knighted.

</doc>
<doc id="19440466" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19440466" title="2001 World Championships in Athletics – Men's 3000 metres steeplechase">
2001 World Championships in Athletics – Men's 3000 metres steeplechase

These are the official results of the Men's 3000 metres steeplechase event at the 2001 IAAF World Championships in Edmonton, Canada. There were a total number of 25 participating athletes, with two qualifying heats and the final held on Wednesday 2001-08-08 at 20:00h.
Heats.
Held on Monday 2001-08-06
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19440473" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19440473" title="Basingstoke Hyenas">
Basingstoke Hyenas

The Basingstoke Hyenas are an English ice hockey club from Basingstoke. They currently compete in the English Rec Ice Hockey League and are members of the Thames Valley Cup Ice Hockey Tournament (we lost), Our CEO is Dean Hoskins and our team theropist is John Preston
History.
Founded in 1998 by P.Freitag the Basingstoke Hyenas are a member of the EIHA. Based in Basingstoke, Hampshire, England.
They play their matches from the Basingstoke Silverdome Planet ice.
The Basingstoke Hyenas are an elite club. The club had been operating at recreational level, but over the duration of 10 years it had gained coaches and players from all over the UK. The clubs popularity gained the interests of former GB ice hockey stars and Premiership Players, also players from overseas i.e. parts Iraq, Gambia, Mauritius, Cambodia, Vatican City, Nauru, Tuvalu, Canada and Switzerland.
The team had previously only competed in friendlies with local clubs such as Bracknell Bees, Cardiff Devils, Manchester Storm, Sheffield Steelers, Nottingham Panthers and Swindon Wildcats, but the level of competition was not at a challenging level forcing the club up into the English Rec league, which it debuts early 2009, The club has competed in international tournaments representing Basingstoke Town against teams like ireland and even played charity games against New York United
Also in the ranks are ex Team Demolition player (Inline Hockey) James Boner, he was coached for several years there by ex Buffalos Captain and top goalscorer Ian Parsons #10. James had 3 good seasons at Team Demolition but unfortunately had a few contract disputes with GM Gary Cornwall and was then released on a free which pathed the way for him to Join the Hyenas.
Also in the ranks are ex Guildford U19's from the 1971 season Willy Pearce, Graham Woolford and Scoot Nicol. These guys were at the top of their game in the 70s playing at the Spectrum Arena due to personal issues all 3 got traded to Basingstoke in the early 80's.
Also in the ranks are ex Bracknell U19's from the 2000 season Luke and Simon Da Costa, Luke weighed in with a lot of points whilst Simon sat on the bench and kept it warm. Luke went on to play for South West and Represented Team Belgium at the 2002 Winter Olympics in Pool C.
Also in the ranks are ex Basingstoke U19's from the 2001 season Ben Allum & Vas Stefanopoulos, they come from a high pedigree of coaching where there were hockey educated by highly experienced coaches such as Dave Barber, Lester Meyers, Peter Woods, Gary Cornwall, Tommy Svensson and of course Bill Morrison.
The Basingstoke Hyenas once had a sponsorship deal with Wolies Bar And Grill, but since it got closed down due to lack of selling its famous buffalo and Bison burger, The bar could no longer afford the rent. It was made famous by its different type of wings it made, of 5 different heats, unfortunately the chef did not use dragons blood a sauce seen in Man vs Food - Bad Times
The Team has a record winning streak of 2 games and a losing streak of 17 games, normally the team let in on average 10+ goals and score on average 4
There is to be a film made soon of the training and team bonding, studying the coach and players and general team chemistry, It might even be up for an Oscar nomination ???
We are also lucky to have in the team, the Ice Hockey brain of Gareth Driver, and the experience of James Bone, level 1 coach and Rhys Jordon an ex chef at Wolfies bar and Grill, (It has since closed)

</doc>
<doc id="19440474" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19440474" title="818th Strategic Aerospace Division">
818th Strategic Aerospace Division

The 818th Strategic Aerospace Division (818th SAD) is an inactive United States Air Force organization. Its last assignment was with Strategic Air Command, assigned to Second Air Force, being stationed at Lincoln Air Force Base, Nebraska. It was inactivated on 25 March 1965.
Activated in 1954 as an intermediate command echelon of Strategic Air Command, supervising and directing the combat training of its subordinate units in the Central Midwest. Upon activation, the Division immediately assumed responsibility for training B-47 Stratojet wings capable of long range offensive bombardment and worldwide air to air refueling operations. The division participated in numerous tactical training exercises such as Chuck Wagon, Pace Setter, Cobra Killer, and Sky Shield, and countless others until March 1965. Designated as a Strategic Aerospace Division in 1961 when assumed command and control of SM-65 Atlas ICBM wings.
Inactivated as part of the phaseout of B-47s and Atlas ICBMs in 1965.
History.
Components.
Wings
Squadrons

</doc>
<doc id="19440495" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19440495" title="Bookcraft">
Bookcraft

Bookcraft was a major publisher of books and products for members of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church).
History.
In 1940, LDS Church President Heber J. Grant asked the church's "Improvement Era" magazine to compile his sermons into a book called "Gospel Standards". Compiler G. Homer Durham published it in 1941 as "An Improvement Era Publication", rather than through Deseret Book, the church's official book publisher. During production, Grant suggested that the magazine's staff should start a new LDS publishing company, separate from Deseret Book. In 1942, the "Era"'s business manager, John Kenneth Orton, started Bookcraft as a private publishing house in Salt Lake City, Utah.
When Durham presented a later manuscript to the "Era", church leadership restricted book publishing to Deseret Book. John A. Widtsoe and Richard L. Evans, staff members of the "Era" and early supporters of Bookcraft, referred Durham to Orton's new publishing house. "The Gospel Kingdom", Durham's compilation of John Taylor's teachings, was Bookcraft's first major venture in 1943.
Bookcraft remained an Orton family business. When John K. Orton retired to Arizona in 1946, Marvin Wallin became the company's general manager. When Orton died in 1959, ownership passed to his wife. When she died in 1980, the Ortons' son Russell took over with his sister-in-law, Diane Orton.
Growth.
With growth, Bookcraft relocated to new facilities in 1947. In 1969, it moved again to a West Valley City location between Mountain States Bindery and Publisher's Press, the businesses that actually printed and produced Bookcraft's publications. Bookcraft expanded again into new facilities in 1977. 
Though independent, Bookcraft established itself as a quasi-official publisher of conservative, faith-promoting works, and was very careful to follow church leadership. Bookcraft eventually became large enough to compete with Deseret Book's lower publishing costs, and become the second largest LDS publisher. 
In 1968, Bookcraft hired George Bickerstaff as a full-time publishing editor. Before then, it lacked in-house editing, which Bruce R. McConkie's son blames for the criticisms of the 1958 first edition of "Mormon Doctrine".
Bookcraft also innovated and tried new approaches to LDS publishing. In the 1960s, the company experimented with developing LDS young-adult fiction. In the early 1970s, it began the Parliament Press imprint for authors to self-publish their books. In 1992, Bookcraft began work with The Beehive Shuppan to translate some titles into Japanese. In 1995, Bookcraft produced "The Book of Mormon Studybase", a digital library CD-ROM of books about "The Book of Mormon", and contributed to Infobases' "LDS Collectors Library" CD-ROM.
Because Deseret Book was the largest LDS publisher and bookseller, independents like Bookcraft also distributed to national retailers like B. Dalton, Media Play, and Barnes & Noble. For a time, Bookcraft even planned to create its own chain of retail bookstores.
Infobases acquisition.
In 1997, Russell Orton sold Bookcraft to Infobases, makers of the popular "LDS Collectors Library" digital library since the early 1990s. Infobases president and CEO, Brad Pelo, assumed these same roles in the new Bookcraft, Inc., and WordPerfect founder Alan C. Ashton became chairman. 
With Bookcraft's licenses, the company released the "Infobases PocketLibrary" for PalmPilot in 1997, an electronic 25-book collection. To counter Deseret Book's "GospeLink" CD-ROM and website, Bookcraft released an expanded "Infobases Collectors Library" in 1998 on CD-ROM and on the new LDSWorld.com. Bookcraft then created online stores for its network of resellers, to counter Deseret Book's web sales. 
By 1999, Bookcraft was adding about 100 products annually to its catalog, including general authority titles, an important market shared only with Deseret Book. Bookcraft also had strong sales with titles by BYU professors, titles on church history and doctrine, and the best-selling "The Work and the Glory" series by Gerald N. Lund, which sold millions of copies.
Deseret Book merger.
In early 1999, Bookcraft was acquired by Deseret Management Corporation (DMC), the parent company of the LDS Church's for-profit businesses. This allowed the church to expand in the larger "values-oriented" publishing market, and reduce translation costs of titles for international sale. The merger also brought more writings by general authorities under the church's ownership, allowing for electronic and print collaborations with other DMC entities (such as Deseret Book, the Deseret News, and Bonneville International) and church entities (such as Brigham Young University, the Church Educational System). 
The Bookcraft brand name continued as an imprint for inspirational, self-help, youth and fiction titles, while doctrinal, historical and biographical works would be under the Deseret Book brand. Shadow Mountain was also created as a new imprint for "values-oriented" books in the national market, and Eagle Gate Press was created for specialty items such as library editions, art books and non-book products such as bookmarks and jewelry.
DMC then formed World Media Inc. to oversee Bookcraft's electronic projects, and decide fate of Infobase products and GospeLink. A new "Infobases Library" was released in 1999, before merging into "GospeLink", to become "GospeLink 2001". The expanded collection was also at LDSWorld.com, along with new General Conference audio streaming, and was hosted by Millennial Star (MStar.net), the church's new ISP.
The merger created a massive LDS publisher, but most independent players in the market didn't worry it would hurt their business. Over next few years, Deseret Book would also acquire Excel Entertainment Group (an LDS film and music company), Seagull Book & Tape (the next largest LDS bookstore chain), and Covenant Communications (the next largest LDS publisher).
The Bookcraft imprint was no longer used by Deseret Book Publishing after 2006 and currently the only imprints used by the publisher are Deseret Book and Shadow Mountain.
Notable work.
Books.
Before becoming an imprint of Deseret Book, Bookcraft made many notable contributions to LDS literature, including:
Bookcraft also published some works for BYU Press, the BYU Religious Studies Center, and the LDS Church.
Authors.
During its years as an independent company, Bookcraft published books by many notable LDS figures, including:
Films.
Some Bookcraft books have been adapted into movies. 

</doc>
<doc id="19440497" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19440497" title="Meall nan Tarmachan">
Meall nan Tarmachan

Meall nan Tarmachan is a mountain in the Southern Highlands of Scotland near Killin just west of Ben Lawers. It is often climbed as part of the Tarmachan ridge, the other peaks of which are Meall Garbh (1026 m), Beinn nan Eachan (1000 m) and Creag na Caillach (916 m); these three peaks are Tops rather than Munros, and lie to the south-west of Meall nan Tarmachan.
It is normally approached from the east via the road heading north from the Ben Lawers visitors centre. From the Ben Lawers visitors centre the summit is only a short walk, with no real difficulties. Traversing the entire Tarmachan ridge does however involve some scrambling.

</doc>
<doc id="19440505" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19440505" title="All American Hockey League (2008–11)">
All American Hockey League (2008–11)

The All American Hockey League (AAHL) was a lower level professional ice hockey league with teams in the Midwestern United States. After finishing the 2010-2011 season with only two remaining teams after starting with five, on June 16, 2011 the league announced it will suspend its operations for the 2011-2012 season on.
Affiliations.
Over the course of the league's history, various All American Hockey League teams have had affiliations with the ECHL (higher affiliate), IHL (higher affiliate), CHL (higher affiliate), and Greater Metro Junior A Hockey League (lower affiliate).
League History.
Inaugural Season (2008–2009).
The All American Hockey League was formed in 2008 as the All American Hockey Association when the Battle Creek Revolution and South Shore Shooters (later the Chi-Town Shooters) of the Mid-Atlantic Hockey League banded together with the Evansville IceMen and Motor City Gamblers (later the Detroit Dragons) of the Midwest Hockey League.
The Detroit Dragons folded mid-season, with the Chicago Blaze joining weeks later to fill the void. (The Blaze were originally going to be an expansion franchise for the 2009-10 season.)
On April 5, 2009, the Chi-Town Shooters became the first team to win the Champions Cup by defeating the Battle Creek Revolution in the Best-of-5 championship series.
On April 14, 2009, the AAHA Board of Directors announced a reorganization from an Association format to a League format. This resulted in the All American Hockey Association being renamed the All American Hockey League.
Second Season (2009–2010).
On August 10, 2009, the AAHL announced a merger with the still-unlaunched Midwest Hockey League, absorbing the MWHL's Madison Ice Muskies as well as key MWHL personnel. The merged leagues continued under the AAHL name.
During the season, the Madison Ice Muskies and Chicago Blaze ceased operations due to financial problems. Also, the expansion Detroit Hitmen moved west to Muskegon, Michigan mid-season, and were re-christened as the West Michigan Blizzard. 
On April 15, 2010, the Evansville IceMen won the AAHL's Rod Davidson Cup (originally "Champions Cup" during the inaugural AAHA season) by beating the West Michigan Blizzard 4-games-to-1.
Third Season (2010–2011).
In June 2010 the IceMen suspended operation.
In August 2010, it was announced that the Madison Ice Muskies would be reinstated in the AAHL.
In August 2010, it was also announced that the Queen City Storm were approved for membership in the AAHL as an expansion team. 
The Chi-Town Shooters left the league in August 2010 with plans to join a junior hockey league for the 2011-12 season.
In August 2010, the AAHL granted an expansion team to Lapeer, Michigan. A contest decided that Lapeer's team would be named the Lapeer Loggers. 
On August 31, 2010, the Troy Bruins were officially announced as the sixth expansion team in the 2010-2011 All American Hockey League season. 
In September 2010, the West Michigan Blizzard relocated to Dyer, Indiana and was renamed the Indiana Blizzard.
On October 27, 2010, the Madison Ice Huskies moved to Wooster, Ohio, and became the Wooster Korn Kings. On November 17, 2010, the Korn Kings were taken over by the league and ceased all operations.
On December 29, 2010, it was announced that the Indiana Blizzard were ceasing operations and the Chi-Town Shooters were returning for the remainder of the season, taking over all the Blizzard's players, as well as their current record. Despite keeping the "Chi-Town" monkier, they are based in Dyer, Indiana, instead of Chicago. 
On January 3, 2011 the Lapeer Loggers were taken over by the league. Within days, the Bruins and Storm both ceased operations. Players from these three teams were brought together under the name Michigan Moose. The Moose, coached by AAHL commissioner Rod Davidson, were based in Battle Creek and played their home games in Revolution Arena, the same arena as the rival Battle Creek Revolution. 
In February 2011, the Moose ceased operations. 
In March 2011, the Battle Creek Revolution won their first Rod Davidson Cup.
Rod Davidson Cup.
The Rod Davidson Cup is awarded to the annual playoff champion. It was known as the "Champions Cup" during the inaugural AAHA season, with the name change coming during the league's first season operating as the AAHL.
The past winners are:
Hockey Hall of Fame.
On February 14, 2009, Kira Hurley of the Evansville IceMen became the first female goalie to register a point in a men's professional game. Because of this achievement, Kira is featured in the Hockey Hall of Fame in Toronto, Ontario, Canada. Kira's game memorabilia (goalie stick and game-worn jersey) is on permanent display in the minor league section of the Hockey Hall of Fame, along with the official scoresheet from the historic game.

</doc>
<doc id="19440506" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19440506" title="Patchen Markell">
Patchen Markell

Patchen Markell is an associate professor of political science at the University of Chicago. He received a Ph.D. in Political Science from Harvard University in 1999 and a B.A. in Political Science and Philosophy from University of California, Berkeley in 1992.
His research interests include a range of issues in contemporary social and political theory. Recently he has written and taught on subjects such as action and responsibility, agency, theories of democracy, gender and sexuality, and the role of affect in politics, as well as on figures such as Hegel, Marx, Hannah Arendt, Habermas, and Aristotle. In 2003, Princeton University Press published his "Bound by Recognition," a critical engagement with the politics of recognition, which was awarded the American Political Science Association's Foundations of Political Theory First Book Award. He is currently working on the first book-length study of Arendt's "The Human Condition".
Markell also serves as the co-director of the University of Chicago Political Theory Workshop, an Editorial Council member of Constellations, and a member of the Editorial Collective of Public Culture.

</doc>
<doc id="19440507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19440507" title="Metropolitan Preparatory Academy">
Metropolitan Preparatory Academy

Metropolitan Preparatory School (or Metro Prep) is a private, semestered, coeducational, middle school (grades 7-8) and high school (grades 9-12) for university-oriented students. It is located in the Bermondsey area of midtown, Toronto.
Metro Prep was founded in 1982 and operates without school uniforms.
In addition to regular classrooms, Metro Prep's facilities include a science laboratory, three computer labs, an art room, cafeteria, library and gymnasium. Metro Prep also offers a fully operational weight and fitness room.
Metro Prep has twenty full-time faculty members. The average high school class size is approximately 12 students.
Athletics.
Metro Prep offers year-round athletic programs, and is a member of the Small Schools Athletic Federation (SSAF) and a charter member of the Toronto District College Athletic Association (TDCAA). Metro Prep sports teams compete with schools throughout the region.
Current sports teams include basketball, softball, volleyball, hockey, skiing, snowboarding, cross-country, golf, tennis, soccer, rugby, ultimate frisbee and track and field.
Extracurricular activities.
Metro Prep offers a wide range of extracurricular activities, including mountain biking, caving and white-water rafting, theatre trips, dog sledding expeditions, science camps, clubs (including robotics and chess), theatrical production, trips to Ottawa, Quebec City, New York City, and Washington D.C., and much more.

</doc>
<doc id="19440523" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19440523" title="Jonathan Quartey">
Jonathan Quartey

Jonathan Quartey (born 2 June 1988 in Accra) is a Ghanaian football player.
Career.
Early career.
He played on youth side for Liberty Professionals F.C. and 2005 for Heart of Lions.
Professional career.
Quartey began his profi career by International Allies F.C., before transferred to Ashanti Gold SC in 2006, after 1 year left Ashanti and moved to Heart of Lions. In January 2008 he moved from Heart of Lions to Kaizer Chiefs FC and signed a four-year deal. He was in June 2008 with Kaizer Chiefs FC Telekom Knockout Winner. The Ligue 1 club OGC Nice has signed him from South African club Kaizer Chiefs, the 21-year-old Ghanaian international defender was given a four-year contract until 30.06.2013. In winter 2012 signed for V-League side Hanoi ACB and returned in September 2012 to Ashanti Gold SC.
On January 2014, he signed with the Maldivian giants New Radiant SC.
Trials.
In January 2009 he traveled to Europe for a trial with English Championship Club Bristol City F.C.
International.
He was member of the Ghana at 2005 FIFA U-17 World Championship in Peru. His debut for Ghana was on 5 September 2008 in Tripoli vs. Libyan national football team.

</doc>
<doc id="19440551" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19440551" title="1976 Individual Speedway World Championship">
1976 Individual Speedway World Championship

The 1976 Individual Speedway World Championship.

</doc>
<doc id="19440552" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19440552" title="Jorge Torres Nilo">
Jorge Torres Nilo

Jorge Emmanuel Torres Nilo (16 January 1988) is a Mexican footballer who plays for Tigres de la UANL of the Liga MX, and the Mexico national football team.
A left back, Torres Nilo has been a regular for the Mexico national football team.
Club career.
Club Atlas.
Jorge Torres Nilo started his football career at Club Atlas, he was used in Atlas's B team "Academicos" in the second division of Mexico known as Primera División A. shortly after he made his professional debut under coach Daniel Guzmán 25 February 2006 against Tecos UAG coming in as a substitute for Rafael García Torres in the 85' minute of the game, the game resulted in a 4–0 victory for Atlas. Torres Nilo participated in the 2008 Copa Libertadores in where he played 6 matches and scored 1 goal, against Boca Juniors in the 1st leg of the Quarter final.
in 2010 it was announced Jorge Torres Nilo would be sold to Tigres de la UANL for the Apertura 2010 season.
Tigres.
On 27 May 2010 Torres Nilo was sold to Tigres. He made his debut for Tigres 21 August 2010 in a home game against Santos Laguna the match ended in a 1-0 victory. he did not debut until the 5th week of the Apertura 2010 season. Torres Nilo was named best defender of the Apertura 2011 season alongside teammate Hugo Ayala and has captured the eyes of many European teams, among them CSKA Moscow, and VfB Stuttgart, that has already approached Tigres for negotiations.
International career.
Mexico U-17.
In 2005 Coach Jesús Ramírez selected Jorge Torres Nilo to participate in the 2005 CONCACAF U17 Tournament held in Culiacán. in that tournament he played 2 matches against Canada, and Haiti. Torres Nilo did not make the final roster for those participating in the 2005 FIFA U-17 World Cup in which Mexico would win its first world cup.
Mexico U-23.
In 2007 Coach René Isidoro García selected Jorge Torres Nilo to participate in the 2007 Pan American Games held in Rio de Janeiro. Mexico won Bronze after defeating Bolivia in the 3rd place match. Jorge Torres Nilo also participated in the 2007 Digicel Shield with Mexico U-23, he only played in the final against Trinidad and Tobago in which Mexico would receive 2nd place after losing 2-1 in the final.
Mexico national team.
Jorge Torres Nilo made his senior national debut 24 September 2008 under coach Sven-Göran Eriksson in a friendly game against Chile in the Los Angeles Memorial Coliseum, the game ended in a 0-1 defeat for Mexico. after an own goal from Juan Carlos Valenzuela. After a year with inactivity with Mexico Torres Nilo was called by coach Javier Aguirre in 2010 to play in friendly games in preparation for the World Cup, Torres Nilo would make the final cut for those participating in the 2010 FIFA World Cup. Jorge Torres Nilo did not appear in any world cup matches. He scored his first goal for Mexico on 28 May 2011 in a friendly game against Ecuador in Seattle, he gave Mexico a 1–0 lead. The match ended in a 1–1 draw. Torres Nilo participated in the 2011 CONCACAF Gold Cup in which Mexico won the title after defeating United States in the final. Torres Nilo participated in the 2013 FIFA Confederations Cup held in Brazil and played 2 matches. Jorge Torres Nilo has been a regular defender for the Mexico national football team.
Honors.
Club.
UANL

</doc>
<doc id="19440563" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19440563" title="Hagen Rether">
Hagen Rether

Hagen Rether (born October 8, 1969 in Bucharest) is a German political cabaret artist. The most remarkable features in his performance are usually the presence and use of a grand piano. He was a frequent contributor to the German Kabarett TV show Scheibenwischer. 
Among the topics Hagen Rether relates to are not only federal, state and international politics, but also religion, media, consumerism and globalization.
Biography.
Hagen Rether spent his childhood in Bucharest and Sibiu, Romania as the son of German, Transylvanian Saxon parents of Siebenbürgen. In 1973, his family relocated to (West) Germany settling in Freiburg im Breisgau. He began studying the piano at eight years of age and attended the Folkwang Hochschule in Essen, where he still lives today (2008).
Prior to touring with his solo show, he was the pianist in Ludger Stratmann's show as well as performing with other artists. Since 2003 he has presented his show "Liebe" (en.: Love), which he constantly updates and varies according to the contemporary requirements of every performance.
His show is predominantly political. Sometimes he begins by eating a cup of yoghurt. Throughout much of the show he alternates or accompanies his monologue with the piano modifying song selection, tempo and style according to the topic he is about to cover. 
Important targets for his satires and biting ironies are, among many others, the Catholic Church, George W. Bush and well known German artists like Günter Grass, whom he criticizes for not admitting that he had actually been member of the Waffen-SS until August 2006, during which time he received a Nobel Prize for (as Rether implies) bad writing. Another target is German pop singer Herbert Grönemeyer, who he alleges for commercially exploiting his own wife's death in his songs.
Using parody, he targets historical and contemporary people using political and medial transcripts for his satires (e.g. Jürgen Rüttgers).

</doc>
<doc id="19440587" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19440587" title="Act Too Group">
Act Too Group

The Act Too Groupis a Mid-Sussex based amateur theatre company who produced the first amateur European production of Mel Brooks' musical "The Producers". [http://www.thisissurreytoday.co.uk/golf/Review-Producers-Act/article-354407-detail/article.html Tony Flook Review.
The group also produced one of 8 limited release amateur runs of "The Witches of Eastwick" prior to general release winning them their second NODA award following "Copacabana" in 2006. They followed this up with a 3rd in 2007 with their production of "We Will Rock You".

</doc>
<doc id="19440608" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19440608" title="Butterfly (2000 film)">
Butterfly (2000 film)

Butterfly, which first aired on public television in 2000, is a documentary film directed by Doug Wolens about the environmental heroine and tree sitter Julia Butterfly Hill who gained the attention of the world for her two-year vigil 180 feet atop Luna, an ancient redwood tree preventing it from being clear-cut.

</doc>
<doc id="19440623" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19440623" title="Governorate of New Castile">
Governorate of New Castile

The Governorate of New Castile ("Gobernación de Nueva Castilla") was the gubernatorial region administered to Francisco Pizarro in 1528 by king Charles I of Spain, of which he was appointed governor. The region roughly consisted of modern Peru and was after the foundation of Lima in 1535 divided. The conquest of the Inca empire in 1531–1533, performed by Pizarro and his brothers set the basis for the territorial boundaries of New Castile. After the territorial division of South America between Spain and Portugal, the Peruvian colonial administration was divided into four enclaves: New Castile, consisting of the territories from roughly the Ecuadorian-Colombian border in the north to Cuzco in the south, New Toledo, forming the previous southern half of the Inca empire, stretching towards central Chile, New Andalusia, which was not formally conquered for Spain until decades later, and New Léon (later the New Kingdom of León), the southernmost part of the continent. This territorial division set the basis for the colonial administration of Southern America for decades to come, even though it was formally dissolved in 1544 when Charles sent his personal envoy, Blasco Núñez Vela, to govern the recently founded Viceroyalty of Peru. In 1548, with the defeat and death of Gonzalo Pizarro in the battle of Jaquijahuana, the era of New Castile was at a final end.

</doc>
<doc id="19440643" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19440643" title="Spectrum, 14th Century">
Spectrum, 14th Century

Spectrum, 14th Century is an EP by the Canadian musician Owen Pallett, the second issued under the name of his project Final Fantasy. Pallett describes the songs as "fake field recordings" from the fictional country of Spectrum, which is also the setting of his 2010 album Heartland. Several musicians who play on the EP are also members of the indie band Beirut.

</doc>
<doc id="19440647" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19440647" title="Goggin">
Goggin

Goggin is a surname.
Origin.
The surname Goggin has several origins. In some cases it is a variant of the surname "Coogan", and derived from the Irish "Mac Cogadháin", meaning "son of "Cogadhán"". The Irish "Cogadhán" is diminutive form of "Cúchogaidh", derived from elements meaning "hound of war".
In other cases, the surname Goggin is derived from the place name Cogan, which is in the diocese of Llandaff, in Glamorganshire, Wales. The earliest reference is to Emma de Cogan (possibly mother of Milo, Richard and Geoffrey), c.1138.
The first of the family to arrive in Ireland was the famous Milo de Cogan who came to Ireland as Strongbow's right-hand man in the Anglo-Norman Invasion of 1169. 
The first arms for de Cogan were "Gules, 3 lozenges, argent" and their geometric design and colours indicate close relationships with the FitzGeralds and de Barrys. Near to Cogan village the de Sumeris (from Sommery near Dieppe) held land. Their proximity to the Norman court at Rouen and the de Cogans being part of the household of the Earl of Gloucester may hint to the same genesis.
Heraldry.
The coat of arms of the de Cogan family and its modern descendant Goggin, dates back to Miles de Cogan, one of the knights of Richard de Clare, 2nd Earl of Pembroke "Strongbow", around 1154AD. The Goggin and Cogan blazon of arms is: "Gules, three leaves argent". The variety of leaf is variously given as "oak", by Fox-Davies; (1902) "laurel" by Thomas Robson (The British Herald); "fig" by Rokewode, John Gage, History and Antiquities of Suffolk: Thingoe Hundred, 1838, pp. 218–9); "Aspen" by the Middlesex Heraldry Society The Goggin family crest is derived from that of Cogan"

</doc>
<doc id="19440655" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19440655" title="Pentathlon (film)">
Pentathlon (film)

Pentathlon is a 1994 American action thriller film directed by Bruce Malmuth and starring Dolph Lundgren as an East German Olympic gold medalist pentathlete on the run from a lethal coach (David Soul).
Plot.
After winning a gold medal for East Germany in the pentathlon in the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul, athlete Eric Brogar (Dolph Lundgren) flees from his abusive trainer, Heinrich Mueller (David Soul) and the olympic team.
Eight years later, Meuller is no longer a trainer. He has become a neo-Nazi terrorist, responsible for a series of attacks on German government officials, and Meuller has discovered that Eric is in Los Angeles. Brogar had become a self-pitying boozehound until his talents were spotted by his diner-owning boss John Creese (Roger E. Mosley). Still smarting over Eric's defection, Mueller beats Eric's father Rudolph Brogar (Erik Holland) to death before flying to Los Angeles. While Eric reunites with his former girlfriend Julia Davis (Renee Coleman), who hones his endurance skills at her dad's woodland retreat, Mueller joins forces with neo-Nazi sympathizers including Eric's former rival Rhinehardt (Daniel Riordan).
At a peace rally, Meuller and his thugs plot to assassinate a rabbi and an ambassador while spreading a hate message on cable television. After viciously beating up Julia's father Vic Davis (Phillip Bruns) and shooting Creese, Meuller and his thugs kidnap Eric, who retaliates by wiping out most of the neo-Nazis. Later, at the another Olympic pentathlon finals. Eric not only triumphs, but he also ends up shooting Meuller dead in self-defense at the end when Meuller tries to kill him at the finish line.

</doc>
<doc id="19440656" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19440656" title="Jorge Lepra">
Jorge Lepra

Jorge Lepra Loiodice (1942-) is a Uruguayan diplomat and political figure.
Background.
Lepra pursued a business career, including work for Texaco, prior to entering politics.
He is politically independent.
Public offices.
Ministerial rôle.
Lepra served as Uruguayan Minister of Industry from March 2005 until March 2008, in the government of President of Uruguay Tabaré Vázquez. He resigned from that post to take up a diplomatic appointment, and was succeeded by Daniel Martínez.
Ambassador to Paris, France.
Since March 2008 Lepra has served as Uruguayan Ambassador to Paris, France.

</doc>
<doc id="19440685" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19440685" title="Sunit Singh">
Sunit Singh

Sunit Singh (born 14 April 1983) is an Indian cricketer. He is a right-handed batsman and a right-arm medium-fast bowler who plays for Baroda. He was born in Khaghunpur.
Singh began his career in 2005, playing for the Baroda Under-22s team in the 2004-05 CK Nayudu Trophy. He made his first-class debut in the 2005-06 Ranji Trophy competition, playing against Uttar Pradesh. Singh picked up the first wicket of the match and the first of his career in the seventh over. Then, batting at the tail, he briefly partnered Jacob Martin, who singlehandedly added 251 to the team's score in an innings victory for the team.
Despite not playing in the Ranji Trophy in 2006-07, he returned for the following year's competition, taking three wickets and taking one catch against Hyderabad in November 2007. Singh made his first-class top score in Baroda's penultimate match of the competition, scoring 32 runs in partnership with Sankalp Vora, who made 56 not out.
Singh has most recently played in the 2007-08 Vijay Hazare Trophy, partnering Vora and Pragnesh Patel at the tail.

</doc>
<doc id="19440687" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19440687" title="1975 Individual Speedway World Championship">
1975 Individual Speedway World Championship

The 1975 Individual Speedway World Championship.

</doc>
<doc id="19440702" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19440702" title="List of Nepalese films of 1978–1999">
List of Nepalese films of 1978–1999

A list of the earliest films produced in the Cinema of Nepal, ordered by year of release from 1978 to 1999. For an alphabetical list of articles on Nepalese films, see :Category:Nepalese films.

</doc>
<doc id="19440714" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19440714" title="Lavery">
Lavery

Lavery is a surname, and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19440723" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19440723" title="817th Air Division">
817th Air Division

The 817th Air Division (817th AD) is an inactive United States Air Force organization. Its last assignment was with Strategic Air Command, assigned to Second Air Force, being stationed at Pease Air Force Base, New Hampshire. It was inactivated on June 30, 1971.
Activated in 1956 as an intermediate command echelon of Strategic Air Command, initially supervising and directing the organization and training of subordinate B-47 Stratojet wings primarily in the Northeast. It ensured a force capable of immediate and sustained long range offensive bombardment and air-to-air refueling operations anywhere in the world.
With the retirement of the B-47 in 1965, beginning in 1966, the command controlled B-52 Stratofortress heavy bombardment wings and at various times, deployed B-52 and KC-135 aircraft and crews to Strategic Air Command units involved in combat operations during the Vietnam War. The 817th also participated in tactical exercises such as War Dance, Grand Slam, and Blast Off.
Inactivated in 1971 as part of SAC's withdrawal from Southeast Asia and also as a result of budgetary reductions
History.
Components.
Wings
Squadron

</doc>
<doc id="19440823" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19440823" title="William Paredes">
William Paredes

William Alberto Paredes Barbudo, (born September 9, 1985 in Mérida, Yucatán) is a Mexican footballer, who currently plays for Chiapas F.C..
Paredes has earned one cap for Mexico, which came on September 24, 2008 in a 1-0 loss to Chile in Los Angeles.

</doc>
<doc id="19440836" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19440836" title="Men of War (film)">
Men of War (film)

Men of War is a 1994 American action film written by John Sayles, and directed by Perry Lang, who also co-stars in the film. The film stars Dolph Lundgren as Nick Gunar, a former Special Ops soldier who leads a group of mercenaries to a treasure island in the South China Sea.
Plot.
Nick Gunar, ex-soldier is down and out in Chicago in a typically cold winter. When two men offer him a job on a tropical island, he reluctantly agrees and gathers together a group of soldier friends also down on their luck. They arrive in the Far East and come up against the evil Keefer who was with them in Angola. He now owns the local police force and shows Nick and the others who's boss. Afterwards, Nick and his crew go to the island which they find is occupied by peaceful natives. Nick respects them but there is some friction by a few of them who want to kill some natives to reveal where the treasure is. Nick stops them, and finds out the treasure they are after is guano (which does have value in sufficient quantities). The two men intend to strip the island to get it, leaving the natives as casualties. The group divides up and Nick hands half of them their marching orders (and pay) as he refuses to kill the natives to do the job. 
Meanwhile, Keefer has scented money and dealt himself in. He joins the group Nick kicked out along with the Colonel and battle begins. Many are shot, stabbed, blown up and worse as mercenaries and natives die. Though poorly armed, the natives make up for this in trickery and local knowledge. Nick has a bazooka style weapon (a Carl Gustav) which causes mayhem. After a number of attacks by both sides, many are dead and finally, there is the final showdown between Nick and Keefer, with the latter gaining the upper hand in the fist fight and attempting to strangle Nick to death while drowning him. Nick manages to grab a nearby bone and stab Keefer in the neck, then proceeds to drown him. As the natives bury their dead, the few surviving mercenaries leave but Nick stays behind.
Production.
It is set and filmed in Chicago Illinois, Phong Nga and Krabi, Thailand, making up most of the island scenery, in 54 days on October 25 and December 18, 1993. Dolph Lundgren says once this is one of their favorite films and a whole spiritually experience.
Home media.
On November 14, 2000, DVD was released by Dimension Home Entertainment in the United States in Region 1. On 23 February 2009, DVD was released by Anchor Bay Entertainment in the United Kingdom in Region 2.

</doc>
<doc id="19440838" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19440838" title="Kaija Kärkinen">
Kaija Kärkinen

Kaija Kärkinen (born 9 September 1962 Sodankylä) is a Finnish singer and actress. She started her career in "Lato"-group as a soloist. She is probably best known for representing Finland in the Eurovision Song Contest 1991 by song "Hullu yö" and became 20th. After the contest she started working with Ile Kallio and they founded a duo.

</doc>
<doc id="19440854" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19440854" title="Scoutball">
Scoutball

Scoutball is a team sport in which two teams, usually of seven players each, score points against one another by grounding the ball behind the goal line. Scoutball derived from the Scout movement. It is a simple game that does not need particular equipment, tries to limit the physical contact between players and gives attention to the typical outspokenness and fair play of Boy Scouts. Scoutball is inspired by many common sports.
Peculiarities.
The rules of this game are affected by the locality of the Scout movement so it is difficult to focus on Scoutball like one sport. However, some rules are always used. Every player takes care about his own scalp on his bottom like in flag football or in tag rugby. The meaning of a scalp is to limit the physical contact between different players. The match is played on the grass like in a football pitch. The aim is to ground the ball behind the goal line of the opposite team scoring a point with a try. A player is stopped by taking his scalp while he has the ball. After that, the ball is given to the opposite team and the player goes outside the match until the next try. The players usually use a handball ball or rugby ball to play.
Diffusion.
Scoutball has grown up at very high levels in Italy. Italian Scouts usually organize many local or regional championships (especially in the city of Bologna and the region of Veneto). In Bologna there's a group of Boy Scouts and Scout leaders that has focused on developing this sport, they set up standard rules to standardize the game. Since 1997 there is an Italian Scoutball championship in the city of Bologna where Boy Scouts of every Scouting association meet from all Italy. During the Scouting 2007 Centenary there has been a big championship. On YouTube there are many videos of the last championships.
See also.
Scouting

</doc>
<doc id="19440858" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19440858" title="Mount Pleasant Police Department (South Carolina)">
Mount Pleasant Police Department (South Carolina)

The Mount Pleasant Police Department is the municipal level police agency of the Town of Mount Pleasant, South Carolina. The department has approximately 150 sworn officers and 45 civilian employees.
Accreditation.
The Department is a nationally accredited agency, sanctioned by the Commission on Accreditation for Law Enforcement Agencies. In 2006, the department was a CALEA Flagship Award recipient.
Community Oriented Policing.
The Department has adopted the Community Oriented Policing policy, which requires officers to communicate with citizens to identify problems and develop solutions in order to resolve the issue at hand.
Field Operation Divisions.
Uniform Patrol.
The Uniform Patrol division is the largest division and is divided into two precincts of three teams each that work in rotating shifts to provide twenty-four hour service to the community. The Town of Mount Pleasant is divided into 7 distinct patrol neighborhoods. Each patrol neighborhood is assigned to a specific officer on each team for a period of nine months. Officers are responsible for providing service to the community in their assigned neighborhoods during their shift.
Traffic Services.
The Traffic Services division is a team of sworn officers who have undergone specialized training in traffic management. The main responsibility of the traffic division is to enforce traffic laws in an effort to prevent collisions and "promote public safety" throughout the town.
Community Service Officers.
The CSO division is a team of non-sworn officers who handle service calls where a sworn officer is not needed. These civilian officers take reports and assist with traffic direction in situations where immediate law enforcement is not necessary.
Animal Control.
The ACO division is a team of non-sworn officers who handle service calls involving animals. These civilian officers are responsible for the investigations involving possible animal neglect and cruelty.
Criminal Investigation Bureau.
CIB is the support services division responsible for the additional investigation of ongoing cases. CIB is further divided into two sub-divisions; Detectives who investigate crimes against people, and detectives who investigate crimes against property.
Crime Prevention.
Crime Prevention is the division responsible for the coordination of activities that educate the community on the prevention of crimes and how to help reduce the number of opportunities for a crime to occur.
Canine Unit.
The Canine Unit (K9) is a sworn officer from the traffic services division who has undergone the additional training to become certified in handling the department's single canine tracker.
Marine Patrol.
The Marine Patrol division is a team of officers from the uniform patrol division who have received the specialized training to patrol the waterways in the area. Officers in the Marine Patrol division work on rotating shifts and must be certified by The United States Coast Guard and The South Carolina Department of Natural Resources.
Special Weapons and Tactics Team.
The SWAT division is a team of officers who handle high-risk or potentially high-risk situations. Enrollment to SWAT is strictly voluntary and each officer must complete the additional training before he/she is allowed to respond to a call-out. The SWAT team provides 24/7 "on-call" service and must be prepared to respond to any area in the town within thirty minutes after a call-out.
Community Action Team.
The CAT division is a team of sworn officers who work directly with the Uniform Patrol Division and provide additional manpower to conduct bike/foot patrol, surveillance and covert operations as requested.

</doc>
<doc id="19440862" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19440862" title="Radio Retaliation">
Radio Retaliation

Radio Retaliation is the fifth studio album of electronica band Thievery Corporation. Planned to be a political album, it was recorded in the band's hometown of Washington, D.C. A pre-release of the album was available on iTunes on September 9, featuring an exclusive track entitled "Philosopher’s Stone". The band will also be promoting the album through Facebook and iLike. The music video for "The Numbers Game" single debuted on December 15. The album was nominated for a Grammy in the category Best Recording Package.The album cover shows a photograph of the Mexican rebel Subcomandante Marcos.

</doc>
<doc id="19440864" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19440864" title="Stephen Rippy">
Stephen Rippy

Stephen A. Rippy (born 1975) is an American composer.
Life and career.
Rippy grew up in the Spring area of Harris County, Texas and now resides in Plano, Texas, near Dallas. Making video game music was not Rippy's original career goal. He attended the University of Texas in the early 1990s to study visual art, and only took a few music courses.
Rippy worked for Ensemble Studios as the head of the Audio department with friend and collaborator Kevin McMullan. He is best known for his sound design and scores on the "Age of Empires" series, its spin-off "Age of Mythology", and the Xbox 360 strategy game "Halo Wars".
Ensemble was closed down shortly after the release of "Halo Wars". Rippy joined Bonfire Studios, a development studio formed from ex-Ensemble employees and led by Rippy's brother David.

</doc>
<doc id="19440866" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19440866" title="Bob McKerrow">
Bob McKerrow

Robert James "Bob" McKerrow (born 21 March 1948), a native of New Zealand, is a humanitarian, mountaineer, polar traveler, writer and poet. He currently works as Country Coordinator for the Swiss Red Cross in the Philippines working on the Typhoon Haiyan (Yolanda) operation. When the Indian Ocean Tsunami struck on 26 December 2004, McKerrow worked in India, Sri Lanka, Maldives and Indonesia, coordinating Red Cross programmes for people affected by the Tsunami for an eight year period.
He was Editor of the "New Zealand Adventure Magazine" in 1989 and 1990, and continues to write and contribute photographs to various magazines, websites, and blogs. He has published a number of his poems in the "New Zealand Alpine Journal" and "North & South" Magazine.
Early life.
McKerrow was born in Dunedin, New Zealand on 21 March 1948 and is registered as "Robert James McKerrow" in the Deaths, Births and Marriages office in Dunedin.
McKerrow was a leading middle-distance runner from the age of 13, and broke the Otago provincial record for Under 17, and later Under 19, with a time of one minute, 57.8 seconds. He won a number of athletic titles at the Otago and Southland Inter-Secondary school championships, and ran his first marathon at 17, recording a time of three hours, 10 seconds. He represented Otago province at junior level athletics and rugby before turning his attention to venturing into the hills and mountains, where he established himself as a mountaineer and skier.
Mountaineering and polar travel.
At the age of 19, McKerrow was selected to be a member of a New Zealand mountaineering expedition to Peru, to the remote Cordillera Vilcabamba. The expedition spent four months climbing and exploring. McKerrow climbed 12 peaks and did eight first ascents. The most notable climb was the first ascent of the north face of Mellizos with John E.S.Lawrence.
In 1969/70, he spent 13 months in Antarctica as a member of New Zealand's Department of Scientific and Industrial Research Antarctic Expedition where he was in charge of seismology, geomagnetics and earth currents. He went first to Scott Base in early October 1969, and in January 1970 moved to Vanda Station in the Wright Valley, and was part of a four-man team that wintered over in Antarctica. At that time, the four-person party was the smallest ever expedition to winter over in. In an era of self-regulation, the team did many winter trips with temperatures frequently between , including trips into the Asgard Range and McKerrow attempting Mt. Newall with Gary Lewis.
McKerrow has climbed and trekked extensively in New Zealand, Europe, Peru, Antarctica, Borneo, East Africa, Nepal, India, Central Asia, and has also been a member expeditions to the Arctic and Antarctic.
In 1985, polar explorer and arctic conservationist Will Steger invited McKerrow to join him on a training expedition in preparation for an unsupported trip with dogs to the North Pole the following year. McKerrow, Steger, Paul Schurke, Bob Mantell, and Richard Weber departed the settlement of Arctic Red River (now Tsiigehtchic) on the Mackenzie River and travelled downriver to the Arctic Ocean, and then along the coast of Canada to Demarcation Point. They crossed into Alaska, and continued to Point Barrow, a trip of . McKerrow took part in the unsupported 1986 North Pole expedition, but had to be airlifted out after a month with broken ribs.
In 2011, a 25th anniversary of their North Pole Expedition was held in Minneapolis and at this public event, team members shared their own eyewitness stories on climate change: Canadians Richard Weber and Brent Boddy talked about a loss of thick, old, multi-year ice, shortened dogsledding seasons and the loss of the summer sea ice in the Arctic Ocean; wildlife biologist, Geoff Carroll provided his insight into impacts to Alaska's large land mammals he studies, like caribou and musk ox; McKerrow talked about communities in the Bay of Bengal being squeezed out by rising water levels; and Bob Mantell talked about the impact of the BP oil spill on communities in New Orleans, where he lives. Paul Schurke joined Will with a call to action to address climate change; and Ann Bancroft acknowledged the impact the expedition had on her career and thanked the team and all of Minnesota for the gifts afforded her and the entire team.
Sea kayaking is another of McKerrow's passions; he has done a double crossing of Cook Strait, and a 10-hour solo crossing from Raumati to Cape Jackson, New Zealand. In 1988 he joined world famous sea kayaker Paul Caffyn in an attempt to do the first kayak crossing of the Tasman Sea from Australia to New Zealand. They were arrested by the Maritime Police for not having a large radar reflector.
Humanitarian work.
McKerrow first worked in Asia in 1971 as a member of the New Zealand Red Cross refugee welfare team to Vietnam, working on livelihood programmes. During a break from his work in 71 he went to Sabah and did a solo ascent of Mt. Kinabalu.
McKerrow has worked for the Red Cross in New Zealand, Vietnam, Bangladesh, India, Geneva, Afghanistan (four years), Pakistan, Sri Lanka, Nepal, Maldives, Ethiopia, Indonesia, Cambodia, Fiji, Papua New Guinea, Solomon Islands, Vanuatu, Kiribati, Tonga, Western Samoa, the Cook Islands and now in the Philippines. He has also been head of the regional delegations of the International Federation of Red Cross and Red Crescent Societies for Central Asia and South Asia.
Recognised as a world leader in disaster relief and recovery he also demonstrated his skills in risk and security management over many decades in extreme situations.world leader in disaster recovery. He was invited by The Insurance Brokers of New Zealand (IBANZ) to their annual conference in Auckland on July 14, 2011 as keynote speaker. Bob McKerrow has been involved in 15 earthquake relief-to-recovery operations including Tonga, India, Afghanistan, Nepal, Tajikistan, Uzbekistan, Kyrgyzstan and up until mid 2013, heading the tsunami recovery in Indonesia and Sri Lanka.
McKerrow left the IFRC in August 2013, and in November 2013 took up the position of country coordinator for the Swiss Red Cross after the extremely devastating Super Typhoon Haiyan (or Yolanda as locally known) in the Philippines.
Indian Ocean tsunami.
The Indian Ocean Tsunami struck on 26 December 2004, and three months later a huge earthquake devastated the island of Nias. For the next four years, McKerrow worked on numerous disaster-relief operations throughout Indonesia, including the significant earthquakes of Benkulu, West Java and West Sumatra in late September 2009. McKerrow—along with Wayne Ulrich, a disaster-relief expert—experimented with an innovative approach to helicopter aerial-grid mapping based on inaccessibility, altitude, and destitution. Through this technique, using New Zealander helicopter pilot Colin Tuck, they paved the way for critical supply routes to be opened and provide urgent food and shelter materials.
In April 2009, together with Jerry Talbot Special Representative to the SG of IFRC, was invited to New York with Kuntoro Mangkasubroto, Minister for Tsunami, Government of Indonesia, to present the Tsunami Legacy report to Bill Clinton, Ban Ki Moon, UNSG and Helen Clark, Director UNDP. McKerrow was involved with the compilation of the Tsunami Legacy report and the Tsunami documentary that was shown on Discovery TV to mark Five Years of Tsunami. Almost seven years after the Tsunami struck, he is still working on drawing the operation in Sri Lanka to a close.
In July 2010 he took up appointment as head of delegation for IFRC in Sri Lanka with key tasks of drawing tsunami operations to a close, working with Sri Lanka Red Cross Society to implement a large programme in the north and east of the country, providing houses, livelihoods, water and sanitation plus community based first aid and risk reduction projects to people internally displaced by a war that lasted over 25 years. In July 2012, he led a 'breakthrough initiative' by signing an agreement with the Indian Government to implement the construction of 16,800 owner driven houses for extremely vulnerable people who lost everything in the war.
The New Zealand Listener ran a series on New Zealanders living abroad in 2010-2011 and in the February 5, 2011 edition, Editor David Lomas published an article he wrote detailing McKerrow's life. This article covered his early life, mountaineering and polar travel, his humanitarian work and his philosophy on life.
In late 2012, McKerrow was awarded three medals by the New Zealand Government: the NZ Operational Service Medal (NZOSM), NZ General Service Medal (NZGSM)(Vietnam) and the NZ Special Service Medal (NZSSM) (Asian Tsunami) from the NZ Defence Force. He has also been awarded the New Zealand Red Cross Award of Merit For Outstanding Service three times: 1972 Bangladesh, 1973-74 Vietnam and 1998 for services rendered since 1974.
Outdoor education.
From 1983, McKerrow was Director of the New Zealand Outward Bound School at Anakiwa, New Zealand and wrote a number of publications of outdoor education and experiential learning. McKerrow introduced the first ever Over 60s course into the NZ Outward Bound School and expanded courses for youth at risk, physically and mentally challenged. He helped organize the first International Outward Bound Conference at Anakiwa New Zealand in 1983 and attended the 2nd conference in Malaysia in 1986. In 1984 he visited Outward Bound Schools in Singapore, Malaysia, England, Wales, Scotland and 3 schools in the USA, bringing back new ideas to New Zealand. For two years (1988–89) he ran an experimental youth at risk programme for young people at the Arapaepae Outdoor Pursuits Centre for offenders labelled as 'designed for maximum security prisons.'

</doc>
<doc id="19440869" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19440869" title="Vera Krasova">
Vera Krasova

Vera Krasova (Russian: Вера Красова) was born in December 11, 1987, in Moscow, Russia is a Russian model and a beauty queen. She competed in the 2007 Miss Russia pageant on December 14 where she represented the capital of Russia, Moscow. Vera made it to the top-3 contestants and placed as the 2nd runner-up to the eventual winner Ksenia Sukhinova. Although she wasn't the winner of the national pageant, Miss Russia organization decided to send her to Miss Universe 2008 pageant held in Nha Trang, Vietnam. Vera represented Russia at the most prestigious pageant on July 14, 2008, and made it to the top-5 finalists. This was the first time Russia entered the top-5 of Miss Universe since Oxana Fedorova in 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="19440879" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19440879" title="White Fang (disambiguation)">
White Fang (disambiguation)

White Fang is a novel by American author Jack London.
White Fang may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19440898" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19440898" title="Daniel Martínez">
Daniel Martínez

Daniel Carlos Martínez Villamil (born 1957) is a Uruguayan political figure.
Background.
Martínez pursued an engineering career prior to taking up a ministerial post. For many years he was President of Uruguayan Engineers' Association.
He also taught university courses in his field.
He is a member of the Uruguayan Socialist Party, having been active during the period of civilian-military rule 1973-1985.
Industry Minister.
From March 3, 2008 until August 31, 2009, he served as Uruguayan Minister of Industry, Energy and Mining in the government of President Tabaré Vázquez. He succeeded Jorge Lepra in that post.

</doc>
<doc id="19440904" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19440904" title="Libambami Yedibahoma">
Libambami Yedibahoma


</doc>
<doc id="19440907" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19440907" title="Theo Lewis Weeks">
Theo Lewis Weeks

Theo Lewis Weeks (born 19 January 1990) is a Liberian international footballer who currently plays as a midfielder for C.S. Marítimo in the Primeira Liga.

</doc>
<doc id="19440965" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19440965" title="Marine Tactical Air Command Squadron 38">
Marine Tactical Air Command Squadron 38

Marine Tactical Air Command Squadron 38 (MTACS-38), is a United States Marine Corps aviation command and control unit that provides the Tactical Air Command Center (TACC) for the 3rd Marine Aircraft Wing (3rd MAW). The TACC is the senior agency in the Marine Air Command and Control System (MACCS) which serves as the operational command post for the commander of the aviation combat element and his staff. The squadron is based at Marine Corps Air Station Miramar, California and falls under the command of Marine Air Control Group 38 and the 3rd Marine Aircraft Wing.
Mission.
To function as the senior Marine Air-Ground Task Force air command and control agency integrating the six functions of Marine aviation within the 3rd Marine Aircraft Wing and providing the facilities, equipment and personnel for the aviation combat element commander and battle staff to plan, supervise, coordinate and execute air operations.
History.
Early years.
Headquarters and Headquarters Squadron 38 was formed on 1 September 1967 at Marine Corps Air Station El Toro. The squadron deployed to Saudi Arabia in August 1990 in support of Operation Desert Shield which would transition to Operation Desert Storm in January 1991. The squadron returned to MCAS El Toro in March 1991. Elements of the squadron deployed to Somalia in December 1992 to support Operation Restore Hope. They remained there until February 1993. On 1 May 1993 the squadron was re-designated as ‘’Marine Tactical Air Command Squadron 38’’.
Operation Iraqi Freedom.
In early 2003, MTACS-38 deployed to Kuwait where they established the TACC at Ahmed Al Jaber Air Base. From there they supported the 2003 invasion of Iraq by managing the assets of the 3rd Marine Aircraft Wing which was in support of I Marine Expeditionary Force. MTACS-38 subsequently deployed for tours up to a year long in Iraq in 2004, 2006, and 2008 to Al Asad Air Base in Al Anbar Province .
Operation Enduring Freedom.
In April 2010, MTACS-38 deployed to Afghanistan for the first time in support of Operation Enduring Freedom. They supported combat operations in support of I MEF for a year while based at Camp Leatherneck.
In February 2012, MTACS-38 once again deployed to Camp Leatherneck, Afghanistan in support of Operation Enduring Freedom.

</doc>
<doc id="19440969" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19440969" title="Lake Wedowee">
Lake Wedowee

Lake Wedowee, or R. L. Harris Reservoir, is a reservoir, located in Randolph County, Alabama on the upper part of the Tallapoosa River. The lake is 10,660 acres. This lake was built at one of the last hydro sites in Alabama.
Construction.
The lake was created by the flooding of the plains behind the R.L. Harris Dam, which began construction on November 1, 1974. The last part of construction of the dam ended on April 20, 1983.. There are two generating units that produce up to 67 megawatts of power for each unit.
Recreation.
There are many recreational attractions on Lake Wedowee such as: boating, swimming, fishing and camping. Fishing brings the most attraction to the lake. It is known to be one of the finest lakes in the Southeast because the quality of the water and its sizeable bass population. There are many different species of fish in the lake that include crappie, largemouth bass, spotted bass, , , channel catfish, and flathead catfish.
Community.
The town of Wedowee is relatively small with an estimated population of 800 people. Wedowee is also the county seat of Randolph County. U.S. Highway 431 intersects the town as well as Alabama Highway 48. The community has grown over the years as the lake continues to develop.

</doc>
<doc id="19440980" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19440980" title="List of Nepalese films of 2000">
List of Nepalese films of 2000

A list of the earliest films produced in the Cinema of Nepal, ordered by year of release from 2000. For an alphabetical list of articles on Nepalese films, see :Category:Nepalese films.

</doc>
<doc id="19441054" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19441054" title="Oksen">
Oksen

Oksen may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19441070" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19441070" title="Nambawi">
Nambawi

A nambawi is a type of traditional Korean winter hat worn by both men and women during the Joseon period for protection against the cold. The other names for it are "pungdengi" and "nani" (literally warming ears). The "nambawi" is also called "ieom" (literally "covering ears") which was worn in the early Joseon period, although it was derived from the cap. It was originally worn by the upper class as a daily hat, but spread to commoners and women in the later period. It was usually worn by middle-aged women and old people as well as by government officers who put it under the "samo" (사모, official hat).
The "nambawi" is open on the top so that it does not cover the top of the head just like other winter caps such as the "ayam" and the "jobawi", both of which were actually adapted from it, whereas it fully covers the forehead, back and ears on the sides to provide warmth against the cold. The overall shape of the side is curved in three phases. The edge of the "nambawi" is bordered with 4 to 7 cm of fur, which was usually marten leather. It has a long back flap for the back of the neck and earflaps on both sides which cover the ears. Sashes made of silk are attached to the ear flaps so they can be tied under the chin to hold the hat tightly in place. The outer is generally made of a variety of silk called "dan" (단, ) but sometimes wool and cotton were used. The inner is made of flannel and sometimes wool as well. 
The common color for the outer fabric was black, while for the inner, black, green, or red were used. Sometimes dark blue, purple, maroon, light violet, light green were used for the outer and a yellow colored fabric was used for the inner. The bordered fur was usually black, dark brown or dark blue in color, and the tassels were pink or a bright pink color. The "nambawi" for females were colorfully and luxuriously adorned with "geumbak" (gold leaf decoration) of cranes, butterflies, chrysanthemums, and phoenix or other auspicious patterns.

</doc>
<doc id="19441099" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19441099" title="1937 college football season">
1937 college football season

The 1937 NCAA football season ended with the Panthers of the University of Pittsburgh being named the nation’s #1 team (and "mythical national champion") by 30 of the 33 voters in the Associated Press writers' poll. The AP poll was in its second year, and seven votes were taken during the final weeks of the 1937 season, starting with October 18. Each writer listed his choice for the top ten teams, and points were tallied based on 10 for first place, 9 for second, etc., and the AP then ranked the twenty teams with the highest number of points. With 33 writers polled, Pitt received 30 first place votes and 3 second-place, for a total of 327 points. 
The NCAA began keeping official game statistics in 1937.
September.
September 25 The defending champion Minnesota Gophers opened their season with a 69-7 win over visiting North Dakota State. LSU beat Florida, 19-0. Alabama beat Samford 41-0. California won 30-7 over St. Mary’s. In Seattle, Washington beat Iowa, 14-0. The day before, Pittsburgh had opened with a 59-0 win over Ohio Wesleyan.
October.
October 2 Minnesota lost at Nebraska, 14-9. LSU defeated Texas 9-0. Pittsburgh won at West Virginia, 20-0. In Birmingham, Alabama beat Sewanee, 65-0. In Los Angeles, Washington defeated USC, 7-0. California beat Oregon State, 24-6. Yale beat Maine, 26-0.
October 9 In Houston, LSU defeated Rice, 13-0. Pittsburgh beat its cross-town rival, Duquesne, 6-0. Alabama beat South Carolina, 20-0. All three teams had held their opposition scoreless. California defeated Washington State 27-0. Washington lost to Oregon State, 6-3. Yale beat Penn, 27-7. Minnesota recovered from its Nebraska loss to beat Indiana 6-0.
October 16 
LSU registered its fourth shutout in four starts, a 13-0 win over Ole Miss. Pittsburgh and Fordham played to a 0-0 tie in New York.
Alabama yielded its first points, but won at Tennessee, 14-7. California beat (later UC-Davis) 14-0 and Pacific, 20-0, in a doubleheader. Yale defeated Army, 15-7. Minnesota won at Michigan, 39-6. In the first poll taken, California was #1, followed by Alabama, Pittsburgh, Minnesota and Yale. LSU, despite a 54-0 scoring edge over its opposition, was sixth.
October 23 
The next top five was 1.California 2.Pittsburgh 3.Alabama 4.Minnesota 5.Yale
October 30 In Los Angeles, #1 California defeated UCLA 27-14, while in Pittsburgh, the #2 Pitt Panthers beat Carnegie Tech, 25-14. #3 Alabama beat Kentucky, 41-0. #4 Minnesota lost to Notre Dame, 7-6, and #5 Yale and #9 Dartmouth played to a 9-9 tie. #6 Baylor, which reached 6-0-0 with a 6-0 win over TCU, and #10 Fordham, which won at #15 North Carolina, 14-0, reached the next Top Five.
The next top five was 1.California 2.Alabama 3.Pittsburgh 4.Baylor 5.Fordham
November.
November 6 #1 California and Washington played to a 0-0 tie. In New Orleans, #2 Alabama beat #19 Tulane, 9-6. #3 Pittsburgh won at #12 Notre Dame, 21-6 to take the top spot in the next poll. #4 Baylor lost to unranked Texas, 9-6. #5 Fordham beat Purdue, 21-3. #9 Dartmouth, which beat Princeton 33-9, reached the next Top Five: 1.Pittsburgh 2.California 3.Alabama 4.Fordham 5.Dartmouth
November 13 #1 Pittsburgh defeated visiting #11 Nebraska, 13-7. In Portland, #2 California beat Oregon, 26-0. In Birmingham, #3 Alabama beat Georgia Tech, 7-0. #4 Fordham was idle. #5 Dartmouth and Cornell played to a 6-6 tie. #6 Yale returned to the Top Five with a 26-0 win over Princeton: 1.Pittsburgh 2.California 3.Alabama 4.Fordham 5.Yale
November 20 #1 Pittsburgh beat Penn State, 28-7. #2 California won at #13 Stanford, 13-0, to finish at 9-0-1. #3 Alabama was idle. #4 Fordham beat St. Mary’s, 6-0. #5 Yale lost its final game of the season, 13-6, at Harvard. #7 Minnesota closed its season with a 13-6 win over Wisconsin to return to the Top Five: 1.Pittsburgh 2.California 3.Fordham 4.Alabama 5.Minnesota
On Thanksgiving Day, #4 Alabama beat #12 Vanderbilt 9-7 in Nashville. Then, on November 27 
Conference standings.
The following is a potentially incomplete list of conference standings:

</doc>
<doc id="19441100" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19441100" title="Arnhold Rivas">
Arnhold Rivas

Arnhold Rivas Martínez (born 13 June 1989) is a Mexican footballer, who currently plays for Estudiantes Tecos in the second tier of Mexican football Ascenso MX. The start of his career was good; he put in impressive performances, this culminated in him earning a debut cap on the Mexico national football team, despite a seemingly bright start to his playing career, his consistently poor conduct began to be his downfall as he was loaned at first to América and then to Querétaro F.C.. His poor behaviour stretched through into his time at Querétaro and the manager, Gustavo Matosas forced him to leave the team due to bad behavior along with Jairo Castillo. This decision came after a 5–0 loss to Toluca.
International Caps.
"As of 24 September 2008"

</doc>
<doc id="19441102" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19441102" title="Arthur C. Clarke bibliography">
Arthur C. Clarke bibliography

The following is a list of works by Arthur C. Clarke.
Series.
Rama.
Gentry Lee also wrote two further novels set in the same Rama Universe. (Bright Messengers – 1995 and Double Full Moon Night – 1999)
A Time Odyssey.
Based on characters and locations in Arthur C. Clarke's short stories is a series of six science fiction novels Venus Prime written by Paul Preuss.

</doc>
<doc id="19441111" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19441111" title="Loening XFL">
Loening XFL

The Loening XFL was a proposed carrier based fighter aircraft to be built by Loening Aeronautical Engineering for the US Navy. It won a 1933 competition, but Loening was already busy building other aircraft, so the contract was canceled.

</doc>
<doc id="19441122" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19441122" title="Danilo Pennone">
Danilo Pennone

Danilo Pennone (Rome, July 14, 1963) is an Italian writer.
Biography.
An Arts graduate, Pennone teaches in Rome. His first published works, essays on Celtic mythology, date back to the eighties. In 2008, his first novel, "Confessioni di una mente criminale" (Confessions of a Criminal Mind), was published from which has been adapted the theatrical production of the same name, staged at the Todi Art Festival 2009, under the artistic direction of Maurizio Costanzo, and in the Roman prisons Regina Coeli and Rebibbia.
He has recorded three cds, sharing lyrics and musical credits as a co-author. In 2007, a production of his musical comedy "Era l’estate dell’amore" (That was the Summer of Love) was performed in Rome, directed by Greg, with Pennone as writer of both the script and music.
Since 2006, he has taught History of Cinema at the University of Rome ‘La Sapienza’.

</doc>
<doc id="19441128" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19441128" title="Janet Roitman">
Janet Roitman

Janet Roitman is an American anthropologist. She holds a joint position as an Associate Professor in the Anthropology Department and in the Graduate Program for International Affairs at the New School for Social Research in New York. She is a research fellow with the Centre National de la Recherche Scientifique (CNRS), a member of the Institut Marcel-Mauss (CNRS-EHESS) in Paris, and an instructor at the Fondation Nationale des Sciences Politiques de Paris. Roitman was also a member of the Editorial Committee of the academic journal "Public Culture".
Roitman is known for her research based on fieldwork in Central Africa focusing on "unregulated commerce" along the borders of Cameroon, Nigeria, the Central African Republic, and Chad. Her book "Fiscal Disobedience" inquires into emergent forms of economic regulation in the region of the Chad Basin. More generally, her research covers topics of political economy, the anthropology of value, and emergent forms of the political.
Roitman received her doctorate from the University of Pennsylvania.  Before working at the New School, she served as an instructor at the Fondation Nationale des Sciences Politiques de Paris (Sciences-po).  She was likewise a research fellow with the Centre National de la Recherche Scientifique (CNRS) and a member of the Institut Marcel-Mauss (CNRS-EHESS) in Paris.  

</doc>
<doc id="19441130" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19441130" title="Semantic advertising">
Semantic advertising

Semantic advertising applies semantic technologies to online advertising solutions. The function of semantic advertising technology is to semantically analyze every web page in order to properly understand and classify the meaning of a web page and accordingly ensure that the web page contains the most appropriate advertising. Semantic advertising increases the chance that the viewer will click-thru because only advertising relevant to what they are viewing, and therefore their interests, should be displayed.
The Evolution of Online Advertising.
Advertising on the Internet has the potential to be finely narrowcast, i.e., specifically adjusted to the interests of the individual viewer. However, mainstream techniques for identifying these interests—contextual advertising and behavioral targeting—are problematic.
Semantic analysis of a web page provides an understating of its overall meaning in the semantic approach. By comparison, contextual advertising technology bases web page advertising on a keyword scan of the text of a website or Internet search. An automated function loads advertisements onto the web page based on the text. However, keywords can have various meanings. For example, a web page containing the word “jaguar” may generate ads about zoos and cars. The very different nature of these contextual results means that someone’s advertising budget is not being spent wisely. 
Behavioral targeting uses information collected on an individual's web-browsing behavior, such as the pages they have visited or the searches they have made, to select which advertisements to display to that individual. However, many platforms identify visitors by assigning a unique HTTP cookie that tracks the web pages they visit. Cookies are the subject of controversy due to privacy issues. In fact, the United States and European governments have taken action towards restricting their use.
Recent studies by Comscore suggest that 72% of ads are a poor fit with the content to which they are placed resulting a good deal of waste in the digital ad ecosystem without the advent of techniques like semantic advertising. This waste is sometimes called Brand Safety. Brand safety has the goal of making sure the ideas and concepts contained on a web page do not run into conflict with the brand objectives of the advertisers. Brand safety safety is just one goal of semantic advertising. Other goals are ad optimization, segmentation and media placement research.

</doc>
<doc id="19441134" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19441134" title="Titusville Police Department">
Titusville Police Department

The Titusville Police Department (TPD) is the police force with the primary responsibility of public safety and the enforcement of state laws and county/ municipal ordinances in the city of Titusville, Florida.
Organization.
The Titusville Police Department, headed by the Chief of Police, is organized into six divisions: the Patrol Division, the Investigations Division, the Professional Standards Division, the Administrative Division, the Support Services Division, and the Tactical Operations Division. The Patrol Division and the Investigations Division together make up the Operations Bureau, which is headed by the Assistant Chief, while one major supervises each division.
Vehicles.
The current fleet of the Titusville Police Department is composed of 2013 Chevy Caprices, a number of Impalas, and a couple of Ford Crown Victorias. The department changed its marking scheme in October 2010 to a more up to date look. The current markings were picked from several designs. In 2013, the department decided to change the look of the new marked vehicles. The new fleet of marked Chevy Caprices sport a classic black and white color scheme. Older patrol cars are still dressed in white with blue markings. The department's Traffic Unit cars are all unmarked.
Community Watch.
Established in 1993, Titusville Police Department initiated a program for citizens to help be the eyes and ears of the department. The program puts citizens through a class after which they are allowed to patrol the streets and residential neighborhoods as well as business parking lots looking for any signs of suspicious and unusual activities. Along with the visible presence they provide areas, they provide valuable assistance to the officers on the street. At no time do Community Watch members become involved in arrests or violent situations. They handle only non-confrontational duties and report activity to police dispatchers via two-way radio. Community Watch members wear a marked, gold "Polo" shirt and black pants, and do not carry weapons nor a firearm.
Community Watch Volunteers can be seen helping direct traffic during launches from the nearby Kennedy Space Center, as well as helping during the Downtown Titusville Drive-In events held on Friday nights. Community Watch volunteers also support the TPD during the annual Christmas Parade, missing person searches, and at crime scenes.
Newsletter.
TPD has a newsletter, called the "TPD Shield", which it uses to communicate with the community as a crime prevention tool. This awareness-raising publication is paid for by forfeiture funds at no cost to the taxpayer.
Line-of-Duty Deaths.
Officer Jack Henry Schnell, ID 716, was killed on New Year's Eve 1982. While he was on motor DUI patrol, a drunk driver pulled out in front of Officer Schnell's motor, causing a collision which threw him from the motorcycle, and he landed on his head. Later, in the hospital, Officer Schnell died of the severe head injuries he sustained. Being an officer involved crash, the incident was investigated not by TPD but by the Florida Highway Patrol. State Troopers charged the driver with DUI/Manslaughter, of which he was convicted and sentenced to 25 years in prison. At the time of the manslaughter, Officer Schnell was 35 years old and had served TPD for 14 years.
Officer Stephen Franklin House, ID 726, was shot and killed on February 15, 1989. Officer House was conducting a building search with the emergency response team. During this operation, the suspect was taken into custody, but his father ran to a bedroom, in which he barricaded himself. When Officer House attempted to make entry, the man began to fire at him, resulting in Officer House receiving a fatal gunshot wound. The gunman was charged with murder, but he was acquitted and released. At the time of the homicide, Officer House was 36 years old and had served TPD for 7 years.

</doc>
<doc id="19441176" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19441176" title="Jasmine (Finnish singer)">
Jasmine (Finnish singer)

Jasmine Tatjana Anette Valentin (stage name Jasmine, born Helsinki, 22 August 1976) is a Finnish Romani singer.
She represented Finland in the Eurovision Song Contest 1996 by song "Niin kaunis on taivas" and became 23rd. After Eurovision she gigged in different countries like in Turkey, Spain and Greece.

</doc>
<doc id="19441191" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19441191" title="Games (New Kids on the Block song)">
Games (New Kids on the Block song)

"Games" is a single released by New Kids on the Block as the first single from their remix album "No More Games/The Remix Album".
Employing hip-hop samples with jazz riffs sung by Jordan Knight, and defensive rhymes by Donnie Wahlberg, "Games" was a dramatic departure from their previously clean cut sound.
Feeling the name "New Kids on the Block" was too childish for the group, the band shortened their name to "NKOTB" during the time of the single's release. The song received decent airplay from stations nationwide.

</doc>
<doc id="19441194" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19441194" title="Detmer Woolen Company">
Detmer Woolen Company

The Detmer Woolen Company was founded in 1885 in New York City by Julian Francis Detmer. The business dealt primarily with textile mills in New England.
Detmer (December 4, 1865 "-" November 26, 1958) was a native of Cleveland, Ohio who came to New York and started a woolens wholesale and importing firm.
He was president of Detmer & Moore, Detmer & Richter, the Detmer Woolen Company, and Detmer, Bruner
and Mason. 
Company history.
The Detmer Woolen Company maintained offices in the Parker Building, New York City when the structure burned in January 1908. The fire which destroyed the edifice began in the Detmer offices on the fourth floor.
In late April 1909 the business leased of floor space from the Bush Terminal Company on the fourth floor of Loft Building No. 3 at the foot of Thirty-Seventh Street, in South
Brooklyn, New York. Detmer Woolen maintained its Manhattan, New York offices but removed its
entire inventory of stock to its new Brooklyn headquarters.
In July 1915 customs officials won a judgment against the Detmer Woolen Company. The ruling involved a discrepancy in the classification of woven fabrics made of silk and wool. The importers
claimed a duty of 35% which was challenged and reversed to the amount of 45%. The Detmer Woolen Company failed to request a commission to study the construction of cloth in the factory abroad.
The 10% extra duty resulted from the primary value of the fabric being adjudged to be silk rather
than worsted cloth.
In October 1918 the Federal Reserve Bank of New York noted that the Detmer Woolen Company accounted for $50,000 of the district's $1,375,331,000 in subscriptions to the Fourth Liberty Loan war bond selling campaign.
Founder's demise.
Julian Francis Detmer retired from the woolens business in 1935. He lived until the fall of 1958, and died just a few days before what
would have been his ninety-third birthday. His legacy includes the establishment of the Detmer Nurseries (arboretums)
near his home in Tarrytown, New York. The gardens were destroyed in 1968 and 1974 as part of a commercial residential development project.

</doc>
<doc id="19441199" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19441199" title="List of Nepalese films of 2001">
List of Nepalese films of 2001

A list of the earliest films produced in the Cinema of Nepal, ordered by year of release from 2001. For an alphabetical list of articles on Nepalese films, see :Category:Nepalese films.

</doc>
<doc id="19441211" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19441211" title="Decidedly">
Decidedly

Decidedly (foaled 1959 in California) was an American Thoroughbred racehorse who is best known for winning the 1962 Kentucky Derby.
Ridden by Bill Hartack, Decidedly set a new Churchill Downs track record for 1¼ miles in winning the 1962 Derby. In the second leg and third legs of the U.S. Triple Crown series, the Preakness and Belmont Stakes, he was unplaced.
In 1963 Decidedly won five of thirteen starts and set a new Keeneland Race Course record for 11/16 miles in winning the Ben Ali Handicap. He was retired from racing at age five after the 1964 season in which he won two races from ten starts.
At stud, Decidedly was the sire of nineteen stakes race winners.

</doc>
<doc id="19441241" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19441241" title="Sherwood Country Club">
Sherwood Country Club

Sherwood Country Club is a private, member owned golf and country club set at the base of the Santa Monica Mountains in Thousand Oaks, California. Sherwood is home to a championship 18-hole Jack Nicklaus signature golf course, driving range and Georgian architecture golf clubhouse. Adjacent to the golf club is the tennis clubhouse, swimming pool, gymnasium, fitness facility and spa.
Sherwood is the host of the World Challenge, an off-season, PGA Tour-recognized golf tournament hosted by Tiger Woods each December. Sherwood was also the site of the Showdown at Sherwood, the first ever prime-time live golf match, which was played between Tiger Woods and David Duval in 1999. 
Sherwood Country Club is the centerpiece of the prestigious gated community is home to numerous affluent and famous residents. Luxury real estate, developed by Sherwood Development Company, a subsidiary of Castle & Cooke, line the club's fairways and Lake Sherwood. The Club and the homes enjoy expansive views of Hidden Valley and the Santa Monica Mountains.
History.
Lake Sherwood, originally Potrero Lake, is the oldest man-made lake in California. It was built in 1904 and is approximately . It was changed to Lake Sherwood when the surrounding areas, used for the filming of "Robin Hood" starring Douglas Fairbanks, Sr., in 1921, became known as "Sherwood Forest" and "Maid Marian Park."
The golf course was formally opened on October 30, 1989. Centuries prior to the country club were the Chumash Indians.
Sherwood Country Club Presidents:
Membership.
Sherwood's membership is approximately 375 golf members/owners and is by invitation or member referral. The adjacent tennis club has fourteen courts in hard, clay and grass surfaces, a swimming pool, gymnasium, fitness center, dining room and pub, men's and ladies' locker rooms and a full-service spa. The tennis club maintains a membership of approximately 175 members.
Notable members of the club have included Sean Connery, Kenny G, Mel Gibson, Wayne Gretzky, Scott Hamilton, Kevin James, Tom Kelly, Angelo Mozilo, Craig T. Nelson, Jack Nicholson, Joe Pesci, Tom Selleck, Jane Seymour, Will Smith, Sylvester Stallone, and Justin Timberlake.
Golf Course.
Fairways: Bentgrass
Greens: Bentgrass, Poa annua 
Rough: Ryegrass
The course record is held by Tiger Woods (62) and was made in 2007 during the Target World Challenge and tied by Tiger in the 2nd round of the Northwestern Mutual World Challenge in 2013.
Men's Course Rating / Slope,Yardage (Par):
Gold 74.7/143, 7052 ; Blue 72.7/137, 6558 ; White 70.9/131, 6119 ; Red 65.5/111, 5278 (72)
Women's Course Rating / Slope,Yardage (Par):
White 76.5/147, 6119 ; Red 73.3/137, 5475 ; Forward 71.1/132, 5248
In 2009, Sherwood underwent a major bunker restoration using a new drainage system called Sportscrete.
Sherwood Golf Course has several protected areas, including an Oak Savannah. Two other protected areas are believed to have populations of endangered sunflower, Lyon’s Pentachaeta (Pentachaeta lyonii).

</doc>
<doc id="19441253" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19441253" title="Chęciny County">
Chęciny County

Chęciny County (Polish: "Powiat chęciński") was an administrative unit of the Kingdom of Poland and later the Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth. It is unknown when it was established, probably some time in the 14th century. It was located in the central part of the Sandomierz Voivodeship, with the capital in the historic town of Checiny and among others, it included Kielce.
The county ceased to exist in 1796 when, after the Third Partition of Poland, it was annexed by the Austrian Empire.

</doc>
<doc id="19441259" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19441259" title="Plasma Acoustic Shield System">
Plasma Acoustic Shield System

The Plasma Acoustic Shield System, or PASS, is in the process of being developed by Stellar Photonics. The company received a $2.7 million contract from the U.S. Government to build the PASS. It is part of a project supervised by the United States Army Armament Research, Development and Engineering Center. The laser was first tested in 2008, and will continue to be tested into 2009, with the testing of turret-mounted PASS.
Function.
The device is able to disorient an enemy using a series of mid-air explosions, and may also use "high-power speakers for hailing or warning, and a dazzler light source" Its low power would mean that it would be unable to do significant damage to a specific enemy. While it would not be classified as a weapon, because of its inability to stun or disable a target, its distracting light or explosions are hoped to impede the progress of those in its path. "The creates a “mid-air plasma ball” that “basically ignites the air in front of the person...It creates fireworks right in front of you.”
Description.
The PASS uses Synchronized Photo-pulse Detonation (SPD), a technology researched by Stellar Photonics wherein two short but powerful laser pulses first create a ball of plasma, then a supersonic shockwave creates a flash and a loud bang. Pass is the first functioning SPD weapon system, and it may lead to the construction of a "man-portable tuneable laser weapon that could be used in both non-lethal and lethal modes".

</doc>
<doc id="19441261" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19441261" title="Blumenfeld Gambit">
Blumenfeld Gambit

The Blumenfeld Gambit is a chess opening characterised by the moves 3...e6 4.Nf3 b5 in the Benoni Defence arising after:
or alternatively:
In fact, as many as 30 different move orders are possible. The "Encyclopaedia of Chess Openings" (ECO) sorts the Blumenfeld Gambit under code E10 (1.d4 Nf6 2.c4 e6 3.Nf3).
General considerations.
Black sacrifices a wing pawn to establish an imposing centre with pawns on c5, d5 and e6. The natural development of the bishops to b7 and d6, combined with the open f-file for a rook, tend to facilitate Black's play on the kingside. White, on the other hand, will typically look to counter in the centre by playing e4 at some point, while his additional queenside pawn also offers him some initiative on that side of the board.
Origin.
The opening is named after the Russian master Benjamin Blumenfeld, and was later played by World Chess Champion Alexander Alekhine.
The opening position can also be reached via the Benko Gambit (1.d4 Nf6 2.c4 c5 3.d5 b5 4.Nf3 e6). Possible continuations are 5.dxe6 (Kan-Goldenov, 1946), 5.Bg5 (Vaganian-K. Grigorian, 1971), 5.e4, or 5.a4 (Rubinstein-Spielmann, 1922), with 5.Bg5 being most frequently seen when this gambit is employed.

</doc>
<doc id="19441269" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19441269" title="Statistical proof">
Statistical proof

Statistical proof is the rational demonstration of degree of certainty for a proposition, hypothesis or theory that is used to convince others subsequent to a statistical test of the supporting evidence and the types of inferences that can be drawn from the test scores. Statistical methods are used to increase the understanding of the facts and the proof demonstrates the validity and logic of inference with explicit reference to a hypothesis, the experimental data, the facts, the test, and the odds. Proof has two essential aims: the first is to convince and the second is to explain the proposition through peer and public review.
The burden of proof rests on the demonstrable application of the statistical method, the disclosure of the assumptions, and the relevance that the test has with respect to a genuine understanding of the data relative to the external world. There are adherents to several different statistical philosophies of inference, such as Bayes theorem versus the likelihood function, or positivism versus critical rationalism. These methods of reason have direct bearing on statistical proof and its interpretations in the broader philosophy of science.
A common demarcation between science and non-science is the hypothetico-deductive proof of falsification developed by Karl Popper, which is a well-established practice in the tradition of statistics. Other modes of inference, however, may include the inductive and abductive modes of proof. Scientists do not use statistical proof as a means to attain certainty, but to falsify claims and explain theory. Science cannot achieve absolute certainty nor is it a continuous march toward an objective truth as the vernacular as opposed to the scientific meaning of the term "proof" might imply. Statistical proof offers a kind of proof of a theory's falsity and the means to learn heuristically through repeated statistical trials and experimental error. Statistical proof also has applications in legal matters with implications for the legal burden of proof.
Axioms.
There are two kinds of axioms, 1) conventions that are taken as true that should be avoided because they cannot be tested, and 2) hypotheses. Proof in the theory of probability was built on four axioms developed in the late 17th century:
The preceding axioms provide the statistical proof and basis for the laws of randomness, or objective chance from where modern statistical theory has advanced. Experimental data, however, can never prove that the hypotheses (h) is true, but relies on an inductive inference by measuring the probability of the hypotheses relative to the empirical data. The proof is in the rational demonstration of using the logic of inference, math, testing, and deductive reasoning of significance.
Test and proof.
The term "proof" descended from its Latin roots (provable, probable, "probare" L.) meaning "to test". Hence, proof is a form of inference by means of a statistical test. Statistical tests are formulated on models that generate probability distributions. Examples of probability distributions might include the binary, normal, or poisson distribution that give exact descriptions of variables that behave according to natural laws of random chance. When a statistical test is applied to samples of a population, the test determines if the sample statistics are significantly different from the assumed null-model. True values of a population, which are unknowable in practice, are called parameters of the population. Researchers sample from populations, which provide estimates of the parameters, to calculate the mean or standard deviation. If the entire population is sampled, then the sample statistic mean and distribution will converge with the parametric distribution.
Using the scientific method of falsification, the probability value that the sample statistic is sufficiently different from the null-model than can be explained by chance alone is given prior to the test. Most statisticians set the prior probability value at 0.05 or 0.1, which means if the sample statistics diverge from the parametric model more than 5 (or 10) times out of 100, then the discrepancy is unlikely to be explained by chance alone and the null-hypothesis is rejected. Statistical models provide exact outcomes of the parametric and estimates of the sample statistics. Hence, the burden of proof rests in the sample statistics that provide estimates of a statistical model. Statistical models contain the mathematical proof of the parametric values and their probability distributions.
Bayes theorem.
Bayesian statistics are based on a different philosophical approach for proof of inference. The mathematical formula for Bayes's theorem is:
formula_9
The formula is read as the probability of the parameter (or hypothesis "=h", as used in the notation on axioms) “given” the data (or empirical observation), where the horizontal bar refers to "given". The right hand side of the formula calculates the prior probability of a statistical model (Pr with the likelihood (Pr [Data | Parameter) to produce a posterior probability distribution of the parameter (Pr | Data). The posterior probability is the likelihood that the parameter is correct given the observed data or samples statistics. Hypotheses can be compared using Bayesian inference by means of the Bayes factor, which is the ratio of the posterior odds to the prior odds. It provides a measure of the data and if it has increased or decreased the likelihood of one hypotheses relative to another.
The statistical proof is the Bayesian demonstration that one hypothesis has a higher (weak, strong, positive) likelihood. There is considerable debate if the Bayesian method aligns with Karl Poppers method of proof of falsification, where some have suggested that "...there is no such thing as "accepting" hypotheses at all. All that one does in science is assign degrees of belief..." According to Popper, hypotheses that have withstood testing and have yet to be falsified are not verified but corroborated. Some researches have suggested that Popper's quest to define corroboration on the premise of probability put his philosophy in line with the Bayesian approach. In this context, the likelihood of one hypothesis relative to another may be an index of corroboration, not confirmation, and thus statistically proven through rigorous objective standing.
In legal proceedings.
Statistical proof in a legal proceeding can be sorted into three categories of evidence:
Statistical proof was not regularly applied in decisions concerning United States legal proceedings until the mid 1970's following a landmark jury discrimination case in "Castaneda v. Partida". The US Supreme Court ruled that gross statistical disparities constitutes ""prima facie" proof" of discrimination, resulting in a shift of the burden of proof from plaintiff to defendant. Since that ruling, statistical proof has been used in many other cases on inequality, discrimination, and DNA evidence. However, there is not a one-to-one correspondence between statistical proof and the legal burden of proof. "The Supreme Court has stated that the degrees of rigor required in the fact finding processes of law and science do not necessarily correspond."
In an example of a death row sentence ("McCleskey v. Kemp") concerning racial discrimination, the petitioner, a black man named McCleskey was charged with the murder of a white police officer during a robbery. Expert testimony for McClesky introduced a statistical proof showing that "defendants charged with killing white victims were 4.3 times as likely to receive a death sentence as charged with killing blacks.". Nonetheless, the statistics was insufficient "to prove that the decisionmakers in his case acted with discriminatory purpose." It was further argued that there were "inherent limitations of the statistical proof", because it did not refer to the specifics of the individual. Despite the statistical demonstration of an increased probability of discrimination, the legal burden of proof (it was argued) had to be examined on a case by case basis.

</doc>
<doc id="19441272" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19441272" title="Marco Walker">
Marco Walker

Marco Walker (born 2 May 1970 in Solothurn) is a former Swiss footballer who played as a defender during the 1980s, 1990s and 2000s. He is currently a fitness coach at FC Basel.
Walker began playing professionally in 1988 with FC Grenchen before moving to FC Lugano in 1990. In 1992, he signed for FC Basel and his form there earned him a call-up to the Swiss national team and a move to the German Bundesliga with TSV 1860 München in 1996. He moved on to Tennis Borussia Berlin in 1998, then returned to Switzerland with FC St. Gallen in 2000. 2002 saw Walker sign for FC Aarau but he was by no means a first-team regular, playing just six games in his first season and ten in his second. He went back to Germany in January 2004 with 1. FSV Mainz 05 but he struggled there, also. He played 17 games for Mainz, and ten for the reserves. He played for amateur Swiss side, BSC Old Boys Basel, from 2005 until 2006 when he retired.
In 2007, he became assistant manager at FC Concordia Basel, but on 16 January 2009, he was appointed as Christian Gross' assistant at FC Basel. Gross was sacked soon after, however, and Thorsten Fink replaced him. Walker then became fitness coach.

</doc>
<doc id="19441276" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19441276" title="Save Miguel">
Save Miguel

Save Miguel is an international campaign starring Hollywood actor Rob Schneider and developed by Corticeira Amorim to defend natural cork and to appeal to the protection and preservation of cork oak forests. 
The campaign states that the adoption of cork products, such as natural wine stoppers, is the most environmental friendly and sustainable option, for both the consumers and the planet. 
Save Miguel relies mostly on the Internet to spread its message, through a video in which Rob Schneider flies to Portugal in order to find and save Miguel. When the adventure begins, Rob only knows that Miguel is responsible for the protection of several species of animals and plants, that he helps preventing prevents forest fires and contributes to the economical prosperity of over 100,000 people. 
The Hollywood star ends up finding that the ecologist he is trying to rescue, Miguel, is a cork oak tree. The environmental advantages of cork are many – it is a 100% natural and 100% recyclable material, capable of absorbing large amounts of CO2 –, but the most important one is that its extraction allows the enabling of the cork oak species. Also, the cork extraction activity is an important economic sector in Mediterranean countries.
The campaign can be viewed on websites such as Youtube, Facebook, Flickr and enjoys the support of entities like Girl Guides Australia and Juan Man, the founder of the Free Hugs movement.

</doc>
<doc id="19441278" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19441278" title="Operation Murfreesboro">
Operation Murfreesboro

Sofia.
In October 2006, the 1st Battalion, 9th Infantry Regiment (1-9 IN) deployed to east Ramadi for the 2nd Brigade of the 2nd Infantry Division's second tour to Iraq. The "Manchus" were replacing the 506th Infantry Regiment (506 AR) from the 101st Airborne Division, and the 1st Armored Division (1 AD). Many soldiers of the new battalion had previously been in east Ramadi during a 2004-2005 deployment under the colors of the 503rd Infantry Regiment (1-503 IN), thus giving the Americans a slight advantage in that many of the battalion's non-commissioned officers were already familiar with the terrain.
During the summer of 2006, a local sheik in the Sofia district of northeast Ar Ramadi began to grow weary of the attacks on civilians in the area carried out by foreign fighters sent by Al Queda in Iraq (AQIZ) and other terror groups. These attacks culminated in the murder of the sheik's brother on 21 August. In October he sent word to the newly arrived 9th Infantry Regiment's leadership, saying that in exchange for US and Iraqi Army support, he would convert his local militia (most of whom had fought against the battalion during its previous deployment in 2004) into Iraqi police, and he would encourage other local leaders to do the same.
Under the arrangement, the Sofia militia agreed not to attack US forces or launch mortars at any American FOB, and 1-9's battalion commander agreed to help form a militia by supplying uniforms, vehicles, food, water, weapons, and training, as well as assist the sheik with civil affairs in his area. To accomplish this, on December 4, 2007, Able and Baker companies from 1-9 were deployed to the Sofia area, along with several companies of the Iraqi Army, to assist the battalion's Charlie company, which had been operating in the area for the preceding month and a half. Despite the heavy American presence, fighting continued against Al Qaeda forces in the area, and the Sheiks proved their worth by providing the Americans with information on the locations and movements of terrorists and Mujahideen in the area, leading to heavy losses being suffered by the Al Qaeda backed opposition forces. While living and operating with the local militia, the soldiers of the 9th Infantry were able to learn about their enemy's tactics and activities in the area. This knowledge would prove crucial during the upcoming operations.
Operation Murfreesboro.
This operation was one of the closing engagements of the Battle of Ramadi in 2006. In the beginning months of 2007, Task Force 1-9, comprising 1st Battalion, 9th Infantry Regiment (1-9 IN, part of 2ID), with support from Abrams main battle tanks of the 3rd Battalion, 69th Armor Regiment (3-69 AR), Navy SEALS, Bradley IFVs and dismounted infantry from 1st Battalion, 26th Infantry Regiment (1-26 IN), Charlie Company of the 321st Engineer Battalion, Lima Company of 3rd Battalion, 6th Marine Regiment (3/6 Marines), and infantrymen from the veteran 1/1/1 Iraqi Army, launched an offensive in East Ramadi named Operation Murfreesboro.
The operation was intended to cut off the Ma'Laab district from the rest of Ramadi in order to drive out the Al Queda forces operating with near impunity there. The operation began February 20, 2007, when tanks and IFVs from 3-69th Armor and 1-26th Infantry set up a full cordon around the Ma'Laab district, preventing any movement in or out of the neighborhood. Once this was in place, the soldiers of the 9th Infantry Regiment began conducting clearing operations and targeted raids searching for weapons, improvised explosive devices (IEDs), enemy fighters, and high level Al Qaeda leadership (HVTs) within the Ma'Laab and the neighboring Iskaan district, supported by the aforementioned armored vehicles, Apache helicopters, and long range rockets (GMLRS).
Blacksheep Alley and the Barrier Operation.
Plans were then made to set up a permanent concrete barrier along "Easy Street", which formed the western border of the Ma'Laab district. As the area was still very dangerous, security had to be set in place to protect the Task Force 1-9 soldiers erecting the concrete barriers, and Able Company of the 9th Infantry was tasked with providing that security. Shortly before midnight on February 24th, 3rd Platoon of Able Company departed from an American outpost on the north end of the Ma'Laab, known as Outpost Hotel, and headed towards its objective on Easy Street, where it would provide security for 36 hours while the concrete barriers were erected.
Immediately after departing the outpost, the men of 3rd Platoon discovered they were being observed by enemy fighters on the rooftops of buildings around them. Upon reaching an intersection where IEDs had been discovered the previous three consecutive nights, a Marine Corps bomb-sniffing dog was sent ahead to scout the intersection. The dog indicated twice that there was an IED hidden further down the street, and this was reported to the commander of Able Company. Via radio, the leader of 3rd Platoon requested permission to take a different route, but was instead ordered by Able Company's commander to proceed down the street where the IED was known to be hidden. 3rd Platoon reiterated the request, but was again ordered to proceed down the street after being told by the company commander that, "You are infantry, you move to contact".
Following orders, the platoon moved down the street, and began clearing the houses along the street where the IED was hidden, hoping to find the "trigger-man" whose job it was to detonate the IED. As one squad of the platoon was preparing to enter a house, the hidden IED detonated in the wall next to them, resulting in seven Americans and one Iraqi soldier being severely injured, including three American soldiers who lost at least one leg apiece in the blast. Faced with sudden 30% losses to the platoon, the remaining soldiers were overwhelmed with the tasks of providing first aid to their fallen comrades, and pulling security against further enemy attacks. The platoon had a mere 23 men to begin with, six of which had been sent immediately from basic training just one week prior, and the remaining soldiers resorted to having the less wounded soldiers assist in setting up a defensive perimeter while the remainder treated their more severely wounded comrades.
In the midst of this, the company's casualty evacuation convoy (CASEVAC), which was led by Able Company's first sergeant, became lost while attempting to exit the parking lot of the northern outpost 3rd Platoon had sortied from. Two soldiers from 3rd Platoon were forced to travel the 300 meters back to the outpost on foot with no cover or support in order to guide the convoy to the wounded soldiers' locations. Before they could return with the convoy, the other two platoons from Able Company were able to fight their way across the Ma'Laab to 3rd Platoon's location, and assisted in stabilizing the wounded until the CASEVAC element arrived to evacuate the wounded. The evacuation was stalled further when the first sergeant in charge of the convoy learned that he had misplaced his M4 carbine during the chaos, and forced the remaining soldiers to help him search for it before allowing the wounded to be evacuated. After spending several minutes searching the area, it was discovered that the first sergeant had left the weapon at the northern outpost where the convoy had staged. This was a repetition of the previous night's events, when a soldier from Able Company's 2nd Platoon had been wounded by enemy gunfire, and the first sergeant had forgotten his weapon at the same outpost.
After the CASEVAC element departed, the remaining sixteen soldiers in 3rd Platoon were contacted by their company commander, again via radio, and were ordered to continue their mission, a heroic action for which the company commander was later awarded a Silver Star. Reaching their objective twenty minutes later, the remainder of 3rd Platoon began setting up their outpost for the 36 hour barrier operation, while the rest of Able Company began doing the same at other locations along Easy Street, all while under the protective cover of the tanks and Bradleys already there.
Just before dawn, 3rd Platoon suffered further casualties when, while hanging camouflage netting on a rooftop, one of their non-commissioned officers was shot in the neck by an Al Qaeda fighter. The soldier then fell three stories, resulting in severe injuries that left the soldier paralyzed from the neck down.
Despite these heavy losses, Task Force 1-9 pushed forward, and completed the construction of the permanent barrier in just 25 hours, well short of the expected 36. After a short refit, Able Company was back in the Ma'Laab district just 14 hours later, when they began the construction of permanent outposts within the neighborhood. By mid-March, the Ma'Laab had been largely pacified. Bolstered by new Iraqi police recruits and a permanent Iraqi Army presence, Able Company continued operating in the area out of four separate bases shared with the Iraqi army and police, all evenly spread throughout the district. This allowed the remainder of Task Force 1-9 to focus its attention on the surrounding neighborhoods.
Aftermath.
Throughout the month of February, there were more than 40 separate engagements with Al Qaeda forces, 8 large weapons caches found, more than 20 IEDs used against US and Iraqi Army forces, more than 50 IEDs located and safely disposed of, 69 enemy fighters killed in action, 9 known enemy wounded, and 32 enemy fighters captured. Together with the Iraqi Army, the local police force began to conduct patrols with gradually lessened support from coalition forces. This led to the peaceful summer months of 2007, during which no attacks of any type took place.
Operation Murfreesboro is widely credited with breaking the back of the insurgency in Anbar Province, as it fed the fire of the Anbar Awakening, which saw almost the entirety of Anbar province turn on the insurgency, in favor of the new Iraqi government in Baghdad. Coupled with further gains in recruiting the local leaders and militias in the surrounding areas, Anbar Province required very little assistance during the famous "surge" that took place later in 2007. The improvement was so great that it enabled Task Force 1-9 (now operating without the armored and mechanized support it had enjoyed earlier in the year) to send nearly 70% of its strength to assist other units in clearing the city of Taji, just north of Baghdad, in October of 2007.
The 1st Battalion, 9th Infantry Regiment received the Navy Unit Commendation for its work in east Ramadi, and has also been recommended for a Valorous Unit Award.

</doc>
<doc id="19441284" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19441284" title="Butare Four">
Butare Four

The Butare Four consisted of four Rwandans convicted in June 2001 for war crimes that occurred during the Rwanda genocide. The four individuals were a former professor at Butare University Vincent Ntezimana; factory director Alphonse Higaniro; and Benedictine nuns Sister Gertrude aka Consolata Mukangango and Sister Kizito aka Julienne Mukabutera. The Four were convicted for participating in the killing of Tutsi citizens in their native Rwanda. The Four fled to Belgium, where they were subsequently tried, convicted, and sentenced to 12 to 20 years under Belgium Law.
Belgium did not have an extradition treaty with Rwanda at the time. The Belgium courts implemented the use of universal jurisdiction. This is the first case in which Belgium applied universal jurisdiction. In addition, it was the first time individuals were tried and convicted under the 1993 Act Concerning Grave Breaches of International Humanitarian Law.

</doc>
<doc id="19441320" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19441320" title="WNGN">
WNGN

WNGN may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19441322" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19441322" title="Rouen Nordic Film Festival">
Rouen Nordic Film Festival

The Rouen Nordic Film Festival () was a film festival hold in Rouen, France for screening and competition films made in Nordic and Baltic countries, the Netherlands and Belgium.
In December 2010, the organisers, in conflict with the City Council, announce their intention to put an end to the festival.

</doc>
