<doc id="19465499" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19465499" title="List of agrarian parties">
List of agrarian parties

This is a list of agrarian parties, that is parties which explicitly rely on farmer's as their main constituency and/or adhere to some form of agrarianism.
For a list of parties called "Agrarian Party", "Farmers' Party" or "Peasants' Party" see Agrarian Party, Farmers' Party and Peasants' Party, respectively. For a list of Nordic Agrarian parties see Nordic agrarian parties.

</doc>
<doc id="19465505" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19465505" title="Craig Innes">
Craig Innes

Craig Innes (born 10 September 1969 in New Plymouth) is a New Zealand former rugby league and rugby union footballer of the 1980s and 90s. After a successful rugby union career which saw him represent his country he switched to rugby league, playing in both England and Australia, winning the 1996 ARL Premiership, before playing out the last years of his career in rugby union in New Zealand.
Rugby union.
Craig Innes made his international rugby union debut at age 20 on the wing in a Test against Wales during New Zealand's 1989 tour of Wales and Ireland. He scored two tries on debut. He went on to play in 17 tests for the All Blacks, including the 1991 Rugby World Cup. He turned professional in 1992, joining English rugby league club Leeds.
Rugby league.
Innes helped Leeds reach the 1994 and 1995 Challenge Cup finals, playing against former All Black teammate Va'aiga Tuigamala in both matches. Innes' move to Australia to play for new ARL outfit, the Western Reds in the 1995 season brought threats of legal action from Leeds. He made 135 appearances for Leeds before leaving the club in 1996, shortly before start of the inaugural Super League season.
Manly-Warringah secured his services for the 1996 ARL Premiership season and he played alongside fellow former All Black, Matthew Ridge in the Sea Eagles' Grand final victory that year, scoring the first try of the match.
At the height of the Super League war in 1997 Innes was unable to play representative rugby league for New Zealand due to the New Zealand Rugby League's alignment with Super League and his club Manly's alignment with the Australian Rugby League. He did however appear in one match for a 'Rest of the World' team assembled to play against the ARL's Australian side. With the ARL isolated from the other international bodies during the Super League war, they instigated a game against a Rest of the World side to give its players a chance to represent internationally. The world side included high-profile British Test players Gary Connolly and Jason Robinson who had signed contracts promising to eventually join an ARL club. This was the only time the ARL granted Test status to a Rest of the World encounter. Innes thus became a dual-code rugby international in that match. Innes' club, the Sea Eagles were minor premiers in the 1997 ARL season and reached the grand final, in which he scored a try, but it was not enough to defeat Newcastle. At the end of the 1997 season, Innes returned to New Zealand to play out the rest of his football career in the Super 12 rugby union competition for the Auckland Blues. Since retirement from playing, he has been involved in professional player management.
Personal life.
Craig has two children and is married to former model, television host and judge on New Zealand's Next Top Model, Sara Tetro.

</doc>
<doc id="19465546" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19465546" title="Ziba Ganiyeva">
Ziba Ganiyeva

Jr. Lt. Ziba Pasha qizi Ganiyeva (, born 20 August 1923 in Shamakhi, Azerbaijan or in Uzbekistan) is an Azerbaijani philologist and a former World War II female sniper (Northwestern Front, 3rd Moscow Communist Division), accounted for 21 kills and awarded with the Medal For the Defence of Moscow, Combat Order of the Red Banner and the Order of the Red Star.
Life.
Ziba Ganiyeva is Azeri by her father and Uzbek by her mother. In 1937, she was admitted to dance courses at the newly established Uzbek Philharmonia. In 1940, she moved to Moscow to enter the Russian Academy of Theatre Arts, but voluntarily enlisted in the army on 7 November 1941, shortly after the opening of the Eastern Front of World War II. She was accompanied by another sniper, Nina Solovey.
During the war, Ganiyeva was a radio operator and a spy who crossed the front line 16 times. She participated in the Battle of Moscow. Ziba's military service was discontinued after she was heavily wounded during the reconnaissance operation in Moscow suburbs in 1942. She was carried off the battlefield and subsequently spent 11 months in hospital.
After the war she continued her postsecondary education and, in 1965, received a Candidate of Sciences degree in philology.

</doc>
<doc id="19465550" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19465550" title="Takeshi Mori">
Takeshi Mori

Takeshi Mori may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19465574" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19465574" title="Pierpaolo Parisio">
Pierpaolo Parisio

Pierpaolo Parisio (1473–1545) was an Italian bishop and Cardinal. He is known as one of the three Presidents of the Council of Trent, at its first session in 1542.
Born at Cosenza, he was bishop of Anglona e Tursi in 1528, and bishop of Nusco in 1538. He was created cardinal in 1539.

</doc>
<doc id="19465611" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19465611" title="Mountainhood">
Mountainhood

Michael Curtis Hilde, a.k.a. Mountainhood (born October 18, 1981 in Northern California) is an American singer, songwriter, visual artist, and novelist. 
Prior to performing and recording as Mountainhood, Hilde was at various times known as Almaden, Almaden Wood, or Almaden Wood and the Transplendence XIV - taking the name from the Mercury mining town where Hilde grew up, a place where Hells Angels and farmers lived. Though style and genre shift from album to album, it has been written that "This is introverted music played as the blues should be."
While operating in San Francisco, Hilde curated and performed at a monthly gathering called The Story. With posters painted by Hilde and visual artist Arik Roper, The Story outlined a new school made up of folk singers and drone groups where "each performer adds a bit to a running narrative during their set". The Story is still going on in New York. Another one happened in 2009. Yet another chapter occurred in Portland, 2010.
The California series took place at The Stork Club in Oakland, and followed in the footsteps of Hilde's San Siern Holyoake & Wood Festival at The Hotel Utah in San Francisco, May 2007, touted as "A Holy Sunday Gathering of the Brightest in New Folk Music from the Length of California" 
For Chapter XIII of The Story, Hilde organized the Arthurdesh festival to benefit the counterculture journal Arthur Magazine at Market Hotel. A week later, he organized the first See-In. 
Michael Curtis Hilde first began writing and recording while living in the Big Sur redwoods. 
His first official release (as Almaden) appeared in Finland on the forest-folk imprint, 267 Lattajjaa, bearing an album title of over fifty words ending in "Blessedhood"
Mountainhood signed to Time Lag Records in 2008.
Discography.
Mountainhood - America 2 or Nahuel Huapa: A Saga The Intense Vibes of the Rainbow A Tale of Transformation of my Brother - October 2011 (Dead Pilot UK)
Mountainhood - Owlland: The VHS Album - January 2011 (Important Records)
Mountainhood - The Boat-Maker's Daughter - November 2010 (Blackburn Recordings)
Mountainhood - Fox Wedding Morning - August 2010 (Perhaps Transparent Records)
Mountainhood - Shine Shine - May 2010 (The Spooky Town)
Mountainhood - Variable Titles / Live at Deerborn House - February 2010 (Reverb Worship)
Mountainhood - The Road: Part 2 in the Multivisorial Dreamsaga called: The Light - October 2009 (Important Records)
Mountainhood - Deathpod - October 2009 (Blackest Rainbow Records)
Mountainhood - Thunderpaint the Stone Horse Electric - April 16, 2009 (Time Lag)
Mountainhood - Wings from a Storm - April 16, 2009 (Time Lag)
Mountainhood - Art Editions - 2LP ??? 2009 (Time Lag)
Mountainhood - White Banquet: Live at the Story Chapter I - February 16, 2009 (Reverb Worship)
Mountainhood - Goldeness (being part 1 in the multivisorial dream saga called "The Light") - December 21, 2008 (Ecstatic Yod Collective)
Mountainhood - Brother the Cloud - February 1, 2008 (Reverb Worship)
Mountainhood - Year of the Mountain - January 1, 2008 (Reverb Worship)
Almaden - Come On, Do the Monster Mash - September 1, 2007 (Deep White Sound)
Almaden - The Dream Continues in 1,000,000 Roads as the Journeyman Slumbers to be Awoken by the Berries of Air and Forest, a Dawn Pre-Imagined and so Owned in Footstep and Deed as Our Lovely Sojourner of Unabysmal Light Sojourns 4th into Willowy and Totally Purple Dawning, Day is Upon r Hero and the Golden Rd. of Infinitudinous Blessedhood - August 1, 2007 (267 Lattajjaa)
Almaden - s/t - October 1, 2006 (Private Press)
The Story.
Chapter XIV: Priya Zara's Sweet Revenge upon the Population of Ravana-Than-Gur (An Angel's Silence in 6 Acts) - Mountainhood, Bird By Snow, Ilyas Ahmed, I Believe in Sunshine, Pioneer, Plankton Wat<br>
July 6, 2010. The Woods, Portland, Oregon
Chapter XIII: Arthurdesh - MV + EE, Peter Stampfel (Holy Modal Rounders) and the Ether Frolic Mob, Jack Rose, Jana Hunter & TJO, quad (Helen Rush, PG Six, Samara Lubelski, Bob Bannister), Sharon Van Etten, Mountainhood, Headdress, White Hills<br>
Readings by Byron Coley, Louise Landis Levi, Angela Jaeger, Gary Panter, Wesley Eisold & Max Morton, Robbie Snyderman<br>
Visuals by Flying Andes<br>
Production by Todd P<br>
February 28, 2009. Market Hotel, Bushwick, Brooklyn, New York
Chapter XII: Blisses - Marissa Nadler, mv & ee, Mountainhood <br>
Presented by Todd P<br>
February 27, 209. Lutheran Church of the Messiah, Greenpoint, Brooklyn, New York
Chapter XI: Auroras (Sister Show) - Rio En Medio, Avocet, The Lickets<br>
DJ Black Lodge, Visuals by Jon Porras<br>
January 3, 2009. Hemlock Tavern, San Francisco, Calif.
Chapter XI: Auroras (Brother Show) - Mountainhood, Noa Babayof, Mestre<br>
Reading by Robert Snyderman, DJ Lightning Softpaw, Live Aurora Borealis visuals by Lux<br>
December 9, 2008. Zebulon, Williamsburg, Brooklyn, New York
Chapter X: Adam - Sean Smith, Mountainhood, Ms. Chameleon, Elm <br>
DJ Feather<br>
July 29, 2008. The Stork Club, Oakland, Calif.
Chapter IX: Infinyte Splendour of the Immaculate Starblest Mynd - Avocet, Wymond and His Spirit Children, Mountainhood, Oaxacan<br>
DJ Black Lodge<br>
June 10, 2008. The Stork Club, Oakland, Calif.
Chapter VIII: The Light - Mountainhood, Whysp, Aaron Ross, Elms<br>
DJ Black Lodge<br>
May 13, 2008. The Stork Club, Oakland, Calif.
Chapter VII: Grow Your Hair - Bird By Snow, Mountainhood, Birds Fled from Me, Mountain Animal Hospital<br>
DJ Black Lodge<br>
April 8, 2008. The Stork Club, Oakland, Calif.
Chapter VI: White Witch - Sean Smith, Mountainhood, Wymond and His Spirit Children, The Sarees, USAforLSD<br>
DJs Sorcery Bird and Black Lodge<br>
March 11, 2008. The Stork Club, Oakland, Calif.
Chapter V: Love Wins -Colossal Yes, Benjamin Oak Goodman, Alina Hardin, Almaden, Misty Mountain (solo acoustic, N. Emmert of Mammatus), Joseph Childress, Telepathik Friend<br>
DJs Sorcery Bird and Black Lodge<br>
February 12, 2008. The Stork Club, Oakland, Calif.
Chapter IV: Gathering of the Tribes - Mariee Sioux, Emily Jane White, Almaden, Thunderstones II<br>
DJs Sorcery Bird and Black Lodge <br>
January 8, 2008. The Stork Club, Oakland, Calif.
Chapter III: Journey to the Mountain - Aaron Ross, Mass at Dawn, Almaden, Cody Coyote, Gregg Kowalsky, Bird By Snow<br>
Lecturer: Erik Davis<br>
DJ sets by Sorcery Bird and Friends <br>
December 11, 2007. The Stork Club, Oakland, Calif.
Chapter II: Emanations (A Night of Dark Twang and Astral Sojourney) - Lazarus, Almaden, Cabinet of Natural Curiosities, David Enos, Thunderstones II<br>
DJ sets by Sorcery Bird and Friends <br>
November 27, 2007. The Stork Club, Oakland, Calif. 
Chapter I: White Banquet - Mountain Bride, Almaden, Frank Lyon<br>
DJ sets by Angela and Willis<br> 
The Stork Club, Oakland, Calif.

</doc>
<doc id="19465614" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19465614" title="Ian Joyce">
Ian Joyce

Ian Francis Joyce (born July 12, 1985) is an American soccer player who most recently played for Major League Soccer club Colorado Rapids.
Career.
Born in Kinnelon, New Jersey, Joyce played high school soccer at Don Bosco Preparatory High School in Ramsey, New Jersey.
Joyce made his debut for Southend United away to Crewe Alexandra, in the 4–3 win in League One on September 20, 2008. He stepped in for the injured Steve Mildenhall, who was declared to be out for up to four weeks after damage to his knee in the previous game. He came on as a half-time sub in Southend's 3–1 win over Brighton & Hove Albion on March 10, 2009, after Steve Mildenhall sustained a minor knee injury. Joyce also started Southend's next game, in the 1–0 victory against Hereford United on 14 March.
Southend United and Joyce mutually agreed to terminate his contract at Roots Hall and on March 9, 2010, he signed for Major League Soccer club Colorado Rapids. He played his first MLS match on August 28, 2010, and helped the Rapids to a 3–0 victory over Houston Dynamo.
Joyce was released by Colorado on November 16, 2012. He entered the 2012 MLS Re-Entry Draft in December 2012 and became a free agent after he went undrafted in both rounds of the draft.
Personal.
Joyce is eligible to play in countries within the European Union as he holds an Italian passport.

</doc>
<doc id="19465622" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19465622" title="Athletics at the 1934 British Empire Games">
Athletics at the 1934 British Empire Games

At the 1934 British Empire Games, the athletics events were held at the White City Stadium in London, England in August 1934. A total of 30 athletics events were contested at the Games, 21 by men and 9 by women.
Medal summary.
Women.
"(*)" "Edith" Eddie Halstead was later discovered to have been male.

</doc>
<doc id="19465640" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19465640" title="Vodafone Global Enterprise">
Vodafone Global Enterprise

Vodafone Global Enterprise Limited is a multinational company which provides telecommunications and information technology services to large corporations, and a wholly owned subsidiary of Vodafone Group Plc. It is headquartered in London, United Kingdom and was established in April 2007.
History.
Vodafone Global Enterprise was established in April 2007 by Vodafone, to serve as a provider of IT and telecoms services to large corporate customers.
In October 2010 Vodafone Global Enterprise acquired two telecom expense management companies, paying US$6.9 million for Australia-based Quickcomm and US$2.8 million for United States-based TnT Expense Management.
On 1 December 2011, Vodafone Global Enterprise acquired the Reading-based ICT consultancy company Bluefish Communications Ltd. The acquired operations will form the nucleus of a new Unified Communications and Collaboration practice within VGE, which will focus on implementing strategies and solutions in cloud computing, and strengthen its professional services offering.
On 23 April 2012, Vodafone announced an agreement to acquire Cable & Wireless Worldwide for £1.04 billion. The deal was completed on 30 July 2012. The acquisition will give Vodafone Global Enterprise access to CWW's fibre network for businesses, enabling it to take unified communications solutions to large enterprises in UK and globally; and expand its enterprise integration service offerings in emerging markets.
In June 2012 Vodafone Global Enterprise was granted supplier status to the US Federal Government under GSA Schedule 70, becoming the first non-US mobile provider to achieve such status. As part of the award Vodafone Global Enterprise will be listed as an approved supplier to provide mobile voice, data and M2M services to the US Government in eight European countries including the United Kingdom, Germany and Italy.
In July 2012 Vodafone Global Enterprise announced that it was conducting trials of dual persona mobile client, an emerging technology capable of enabling business customers to wholly compartmentalise their personal and business applications on a single device, and had plans to launch the service later in 2012.
Operations.
Vodafone Global Enterprise is organised into the following geographical divisions:
Services.
Vodafone Global Enterprise's services include domestic and international voice and data, Machine to Machine services, mobile email, mobile broadband, managed services, mobile payment and mobile recording. It offers integrated communication strategies and solutions in cloud computing, unified communications and collaboration.
Major customers.
Vodafone Global Enterprise's major customers include:

</doc>
<doc id="19465654" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19465654" title="P8 Group">
P8 Group

The P8 Group brings together senior leaders from some of the world's largest public pension funds to develop actions relating to global issues and particularly climate change. It is an initiative of the Cambridge Programme for Sustainability Leadership (CPSL) and HRH Prince of Wales’s Business and Environment Programme (BEP) supported by the Environmental Capital Group (ECG) and the Nand & Jeet Khemka Foundation. 
The P8 Group involves ten leading global pension funds and sovereign wealth funds, including representatives from Europe, Asia, Australasia and North America. They represent over $3 trillion of investment capital and as pension funds have an inherently long term focus. 
In November 2007 the first P8 Summit was held. This brought together leaders from eight of the world's largest public pension funds with key experts including Vice President Al Gore and HRH Prince of Wales. The P8 Summit was a critical start in getting pension funds to lead in the move toward a low carbon economy. Participants agreed to continue working together to address climate change, both within their organizations and as a group to influence policy and markets. 
The group, now 10 pension funds, met again in July 2008 to further develop their strategy. At this meeting HRH Prince of Wales welcomed their continued "determination to put substantial money into investments that address climate change."

</doc>
<doc id="19465663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19465663" title="Athletics at the 1938 British Empire Games">
Athletics at the 1938 British Empire Games

At the 1938 British Empire Games, the athletics events were held at the Sydney Cricket Ground in Sydney, Australia in February 1938. A total of 28 athletics events were contested at the Games, 20 by men and 8 by women.

</doc>
<doc id="19465695" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19465695" title="South Solapur">
South Solapur

South Solapur Taluka (, ) is one of the 11 tehsils of Solapur District in the Indian state of Maharashtra. This tehsil is located in the southeastern side of district and is bordered by Osmanabad District to the northeast, North Solapur and Mohol Taluka to the north, Akkalkot Taluka to the southeast, Karnataka's Gulbarga district to the south, and Mangalvedhe Taluka to the west. The tehsil headquarters is located at Solapur, which is also the district headquarters and its largest city.
As of 2001, the tehsil population was 210,774

</doc>
<doc id="19465696" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19465696" title="Kosky">
Kosky

Kosky is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
See also.
Similarly spelled surname.
Koski:
Koskie:

</doc>
<doc id="19465709" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19465709" title="David Evans (mathematician)">
David Evans (mathematician)

David V. Evans (born 27 October 1940) is a British applied mathematician noted for his contributions to water waves and acoustics. Together with John Nicholas Newman, he initiated the "International Workshop on Water Waves and Floating Bodies". He is also known for the Bristol cylinder, a wave energy converter. He is currently an emeritus professor of Applied Mathematics at the University of Bristol.
Evans obtained his BSc in Mathematics from the University of Manchester in 1962 and his PhD in 1966 under the supervision of Fritz Ursell. After completing his PhD at the University of Manchester, Evans worked as a post-doc at the Stevens Institute of Technology and MIT before going back to Bristol.
The 21st International Workshop on Water Waves and Floating Bodies is dedicated to Evans on the occasion of his retirement.

</doc>
<doc id="19465718" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19465718" title="Edmund Chapman">
Edmund Chapman

Edmund Chapman (c.1695 – 30 July 1763) was an early English cricketer who was reported to have been one of the best in England during the 1720s and 1730s. He is believed to have played for Chertsey and Surrey.
Career.
Chapman is one of the earliest cricketers whose name has survived in 18th century records. In 1763, a newspaper report announced his death at Chertsey in his 69th year and said of him that he was "an eminent master bricklayer" and "accounted one of the most dextrous cricket players in England". The report added that his mother was "then living at the same place, in her 103rd year". 
There are no known references to Chapman earlier than his obituary notice but, given his age, he must have been an active player from c.1715 until possibly c.1740, presumably playing for Chertsey, or perhaps Croydon, and for Surrey as a county.

</doc>
<doc id="19465760" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19465760" title="Kateřina Němcová">
Kateřina Němcová

Kateřina Němcová (born November 14, 1990 in Prague) is a Czech chess Woman Grandmaster and Women's Czech chess champion. She came second in the World Youth Chess Championship of 2007 and won the European Youth Chess Championship of 2008.
Her highest rating is 2372, which she achieved in July 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19465764" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19465764" title="Other Bells for Us to Ring">
Other Bells for Us to Ring

Other Bells for Us to Ring (1990) is the U.S. author Robert Cormier’s first novel for young readers (10-12 years). Prior to this he published three novels for adults, six novels for teenagers and one volume of short stories for teenagers. The book was published in the United Kingdom in 1991 under the title "Darcy". Cormier was successful both in sales and critical acclaim.
Plot introduction.
Eleven-year-old Darcy Webster never had a best friend until her father joined the army, bringing his family to Frenchtown in Monument, near Fort Delta, Massachusetts. There she became friends with Kathleen Mary O'Hara.
Darcy had always been a Unitarian. That is until Kathleen Mary sprinkled her with holy water declaring, "Now you're a Catholic, Darcy Webster. Forever and ever, world without end, Amen." Darcy never had a chance to ask Kathleen Mary if she was joking, because Kathleen Mary's father went on a rampage, sending him to jail, and splitting up the O'Hara family.
Darcy struggled with her religion, whether a little bit of holy water and a declaration by an eleven-year-old could turn her Catholic, and what to do, how to pray, and whether God really exists or not. Things became more complicated when a letter came home to Darcy and her mother stating that Mr. Webster was missing in action.

</doc>
<doc id="19465789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19465789" title="Thomas Kyne">
Thomas Kyne

Thomas Anthony Kyne (4 February 1905 – 8 August 1981) was an Irish Labour Party politician and trade union official. He first stood for election at the Waterford by-election in 1947 but was unsuccessful. He was elected to Dáil Éireann as a Labour Party Teachta Dála (TD) for the Waterford constituency at the 1948 general election and was re-elected at each general election until he lost his seat at the 1969 general election. He was re-elected at the 1973 general election and retired from politics at the 1977 general election.

</doc>
<doc id="19465802" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19465802" title="Cape Smith">
Cape Smith

Cape Smith is a cape forming the north end of Smith Island in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica. The discovery of the South Shetland Islands was first reported in 1819 by Captain William Smith, for whom the cape is named.
Location.
The point is located at which is 3.31 km east-northeast of Matochina Peak, 12.85 km east-northeast of Gregory Point, 4.16 km east by north of Delyan Point, 2 km east-southeast of Barlow Island and 40.5 km west-southwest of Snow Island (Bulgarian mapping in 2009).

</doc>
<doc id="19465847" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19465847" title="Silver State Bank">
Silver State Bank

Silver State Bank was a failed Nevada commercial bank with 17 branches in the Las Vegas and Phoenix metropolitan areas and loan operations across the western United States. The bank's assets were acquired by Zions Bancorporation, a bank holding corporation with $2 billion in assets.
History.
Silver State Bank was a community bank founded in 1996 operating in the Las Vegas metropolitan area.
On September 5, 2006, Silver State Bancorp, the bank's holding company, acquired Choice Bank in the Phoenix/Scottsdale region of Arizona, and merged operations in 2008.
Failure.
On September 5, 2008, the bank was closed by the Nevada Financial Institutions Division and placed under Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) receivership. Some customers who did not understand FDIC insurance limits sustained losses of deposits they believed safe.
The underlying cause of failure was overexposure to risky real estate loans, especially mortgages on undeveloped land purchased for home construction that was no longer viable following the collapse of the housing bubble.
Andrew McCain.
The "Wall Street Journal" reported that Andrew McCain, son of Republican presidential candidate John McCain, sat on the board of Silver State Bank for five months in 2008, resigning on July 26 for "personal reasons," shortly before he would have had to sign off on second-quarter audit statements.

</doc>
<doc id="19465858" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19465858" title="Monopis imella">
Monopis imella

Monopis imella is a moth of the Tineidae family. It is found in Europe.
The wingspan is 11–15 mm.
The larvae feed on animal and plant remains, particularly feathers, hair and fur.

</doc>
<doc id="19465874" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19465874" title="Car Australia">
Car Australia

Car Australia was an Australian automotive magazine published monthly until 1994. Prior to 1986, "Car Australia" was known as Motor Manual.

</doc>
<doc id="19465876" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19465876" title="Monopis monachella">
Monopis monachella

Monopis monachella is a moth of the Tineidae family. It is widespread in Eurasia, Africa, India, Sri Lanka, Burma, Sumatra, Java, the Philippines, Taiwan, Japan, New Guinea, Samoa and North America and South America.
The wingspan is 12–20 mm. The moth flies from April to September.
The larvae feed on animal remains.

</doc>
<doc id="19465884" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19465884" title="The Brave of Gold Goldran">
The Brave of Gold Goldran

Plot.
Three boys, Takuya, Kazuki, and Dai are from Ishinowa elementary school in the sixth grade. They are actively a strong, curious, mischievous trio. They obtained a mysterious jewel's "Power Stone". They bring back Dran, the golden robot, A brave who slept within a Power Stone and they became his master. However, Prince Walter Walzac, who aims at the Power Stone, has attacked them. They then go to an adventure for searching eight Power Stones that were scattered all over the world. They now aim at El Dorado's Legendra with Goldran.
The Braves.
The mecha themselves, called "Braves", were created by prolific mechanical designer Kunio Okawara. While some of the Braves transform into transportation (e.g. cars and trains), others transform into animals (e.g. tyrannosaurus and shark). Goldran itself is formed from Dran (a car) and Golgon (a tyrannosaurus). The Braves themselves are aliens from planet in the Golden Galaxy created by . If the Braves are defeated or their masters are killed they will revert into Power Stones, indestructible gems that can only reactivate them by reciting an ancient incantation. When not in combat the Braves can regenerate from any wound they received.

</doc>
<doc id="19465895" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19465895" title="2008 MTN 8">
2008 MTN 8

The 2008 MTN 8 kicked off on the weekend of 9 August with the first two quarterfinals being played on Saturday and Sunday, and the next round of quarterfinals were played on the weekend of the 16 and 17 August. The first leg of the semifinals took place on 23 and 24 August and the second leg on the weekend of 30 August. The finals were scheduled for 21 September, World Peach Day, but the pitch was water logged due to heavy rain over that week. The finals were re-scheduled for two days later on 23 September at the ABSA Stadium (Kings Park) in Durban.
Teams.
The eight teams that competed in the MTN 8 Wafa Wafa knockout competition are: (listed according the their finishing position in the 2007/2008 Absa Premier Soccer League Season.

</doc>
<doc id="19465897" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19465897" title="Monopis obviella">
Monopis obviella

__NOTOC__
Monopis obviella is a species of tineoid moth. It belongs to the fungus moth family (Tineidae), and therein to the nominate subfamily Tineinae. It is (under the invalid name "Tinea ferruginella") the type species of "Blabophanes", today treated as a junior synonym of the genus "Monopis". "M. crocicapitella" was only separated from the present species in 1859, and is still frequently confused with it even by rather recent sources.
Ecology and description.
It is not uncommon all across western Eurasia; while it has not been recorded in Slovenia yet, given that it occurs in all neighboring countries it probably has simply been overlooked. But it is apparently still a rather Continental species, as it seems absent from major Mediterranean islands, Ireland and Iceland], and on Great Britain occurs mainly in the south, towards the English Channel. But confusion with "M. crocicapitella" makes the exact range of these moths still quite little known.
The adults of this small moth have a wingspan of 13–20 mm. On the wing around May to October (depending on the location), they are nocturnal but may fly around in daytime or be attracted to light occasionally. They have blackish forewings with a thick creamy-white trailing edge, some sprinkles of the same color along the leading edge, and the translucent center spot characteristic for the genus "Monopis". The hindwings are a lighter greyish brown with minute black speckles; they are surrounded by a long-haired fringe, as usual for fungus moths and relatives. The body is dark brown, and the head bears a tuft of creamy-brown hair.
In most of its range, two generations per year seem to occur. The caterpillar larvae eat detritus. They have been recorded from bird of prey pellets, horn shavings, wool (particularly if left outside to decay) and rotting wood.
Synonyms.
Invalid scientific names (junior synonyms and others) of "M. obviella" are:

</doc>
<doc id="19465917" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19465917" title="Philip Michael">
Philip Michael

Philip Michael is a British actor and tenor. He is best known for his role in the feature films "Mamma Mia!" as Pepper and the Irish Television soap series "Fair City" as Joshua Udenze.
Michael stands at . He studied at the Italia Conti Academy of Theatre Arts. He has also done theatre work. Currently residing in Los Angeles and continuing his career. He is scheduled for a horror movie called The Last Party by director Lauand Omar. He completed a short called CONTROL with Director Nigel Bistrow that sees Philip Michael as a Bourne Style action figure. This is soon to be publicized and promoted which hopefully becomes a franchise for the actor. Philip is a well trained Martial artist in Taekwondo, Shenchido and Kckboxing and utilizes this in his performance. He holds quite a lot of fighting titles including a few recognized world titles. He also develops in the art of tricking which is a mixture of kicking movements and acrobatics. Philip is also a writer and is currently developing two of his own ideas for the market.
Something not many know is that Philip spent a lot of his childhood in Nigeria with both the resourceful and harder way of life.

</doc>
<doc id="19465925" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19465925" title="Morophaga choragella">
Morophaga choragella

Morophaga choragella is a moth of the Tineidae family. It is found in Europe.
The wingspan is 18–32 mm. The moth flies from May to September.
The larvae feed on Mushrooms, particularly "Piptoporus betulinus" and "Ganoderma applanatum", and dead wood.

</doc>
<doc id="19465931" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19465931" title="Glenbrook Deviation 1892">
Glenbrook Deviation 1892

The first Glenbrook deviation was the section of track from the first Knapsack Viaduct to Old Glenbrook Station in the Blue Mountains of New South Wales. It was constructed from 1891 to 1892 and replaced the Lapstone Zig Zag.
In 1890, it was proposed to bypass the troublesome Lapstone Zig Zag by utilising a tunnel. This proposal was soon approved and in March 1891, tenders were called for its construction. The line left Bottom Points and continued into a gully before entering the tunnel, on a continuous 1-in-33 gradient. After emerging just below the original alignment, the line curved to the left and ascended slightly before rejoining the original line at Glenbrook. The site of the original Glenbrook Station now lies to the right of the Great Western Highway, near the skate park.
However, the deviation soon proved to be somewhat of a disaster. Even if it did eliminate the Zig Zag which restricted train length, the problem was the design of the tunnel. The first problem was the climb, the tunnel being on a steep, continuous 1-in-33 gradient. The second and main problem was ventilation. The tunnel was single-track, which made the dimensions tight, and towards one end was a curve, which made the ventilation even worse. Passengers found themselves fighting off smoke and fumes from the locomotive. Trains would begin slipping halfway through the tunnel, forcing engine crews to retreat for air. In one incident of 1908, a retreating train met with another down goods train in a collision at the tunnel mouth.
In 1910, work started on a new deviation when the Blue Mountains was being duplicated at the time. The second Glenbrook deviation replaced the 1-in-33 deviation with a more gentle 1-in-60 ruling grade across Glenbrook Gorge. 
In World War Two, the tunnel was used to store bombs and ammunition. After the war however, the tunnel found a useful purpose as a mushroom farm, which it currently serves as today.

</doc>
<doc id="19465941" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19465941" title="Poisson limit theorem">
Poisson limit theorem

The law of rare events or Poisson limit theorem gives a Poisson approximation to the binomial distribution, under certain conditions. The theorem was named after Siméon Denis Poisson (1781–1840).
The theorem.
If
then
Example.
Suppose that in an interval 1000, 500 points are placed randomly. Now what is the number of points that will be placed in 10? 
The probabilistically precise way of describing the number of points in the sub-interval would be to describe it as a binomial distribution formula_4.
If we look here, the probability (that a random point will be placed in the sub-interval) is formula_5. Here formula_6 so formula_7. 
The probability that formula_8 points lie in the sub-interval is
where: 
p is the probability of falling with in the interval.
n!/(k! *(n-k)!) gives the number of ways in which k elements can be selected. 
p^k tell the probability of the k elements falling in the interval.
(1-p)^{n-k} counts the probability that {n-k} elements fall outside of the interval
But using the Poisson Theorem we can approximate it as
Proofs.
Accordingly to factorial's rate of growth, we replace factorials of large numbers with approximations:
After simplifying the fraction:
After using the condition formula_2:
Apply, that due to formula_15 we get formula_16:
formula_17
Q.E.D.
Alternative Proof.
Another proof is possible without needing approximations for the factorials. Since formula_18, we can rewrite formula_19. We now have:
Taking each of these terms in sequence, formula_21, meaning that formula_22.
Now formula_23. The first portion of this converges to formula_24, and the second portion goes to 1, as formula_25
This leaves us with formula_26. Q.E.D.
Proof using Ordinary Generating Functions.
It is also possible to demonstrate the theorem through the use of Ordinary Generating Functions (OGF). Indeed, the OGF of the binomial distribution is
formula_27
by virtue of the Binomial Theorem. Taking the limit formula_28 while keeping the product formula_29 constant, we find
formula_30
which is simply the OGF for the Poisson distribution (the second equality holds due to the definition of the Exponential function).

</doc>
<doc id="19465943" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19465943" title="1963 Armstrong 500">
1963 Armstrong 500

The 1963 Armstrong 500 was the fourth running of the Armstrong 500 touring car race. It was held on 6 October 1963. After the 1962 race, the Phillip Island Grand Prix Circuit was too damaged to continue to stage the race, forcing it to move to a new location, the Mount Panorama Circuit just outside Bathurst with a new organising club, the Australian Racing Drivers Club. The race was open to standard production sedans with four classes based on the purchase price (in Australian pounds) of the vehicle.
Bob Jane and Harry Firth were the first team to complete the full race distance, taking victory in Class C in their factory backed Ford Cortina GT, the change of both vehicle and circuit making no difference to their result of the previous year. While outright victories were not to be recognised until years later, they had completed a hat-trick of 'first to the line' wins.
Class structure.
The largest change was cosmetic. The bigger cars moved down the alphabet, the smaller cars moved into classes A and B. The Volkswagens moved into class A. Ford Falcons disappeared from the race, replaced by an influx of smaller, more versatile Ford Cortinas. Like in 1962 the Fords were the biggest threat, shaping up to be faster than the Chrysler Valiants and Studebaker Larks of the larger D Class cars.
Class A.
The largest class was for cars that cost less £900. It was made up of Fiat 770, Morris 850, Triumph Herald and Volkswagen Beetle.
Class B.
The £901 to £1,000 class featured 1.5 litre Ford Cortina, Morris Cooper and Elite, Renault R8 and Simca Aronde.
Class C.
The £1,001 to £1,200 class was Ford Cortina GT, Holden EH 179 and Holden FB.
Class D.
The £1,201 to £2,000 class featured Chrysler Valiant, Ford Zephyr, Humber Super Snipe, Peugeot 404, Studebaker Lark, Vauxhall Velox and VX 4/90.
Race.
The race became the first Ford vs Holden head-to-head fight, with the works Cortina of defending race champions Bob Jane and Harry Firth winning by a lap over the first EH Holden of Ralph Sach and Frank Morgan with a second Cortina on the same lap. It was a third consecutive victory for Jane and Firth, each victory coming in a different model and back-to-back for the factory Ford team. Second place was the closest Holden would get to a win until the breakthrough in 1968. Chrysler got its first class win with the Valiant of Tony Reynolds and Tony Allen with Geoff Russell driving the factory prepared Ford Zephyr again narrowly missing out on the Class D win. The new Morris Coopers saw the Mini break out of the entry level class and gave Doug Chivas his first class win, co-driving with Ken Wilkinson in Class B, defeating the 1.5 litre Cortinas, ominously just a lap behind the Valiant and the Zephyr. In the small class, Volkswagen again defeated the Morris 850s with Barry Ferguson and Bill Ford taking first place ahead of the Mini of Don Holland and Lindsay Little.

</doc>
<doc id="19465947" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19465947" title="Tribute Somerset Premier">
Tribute Somerset Premier

Tribute Somerset Premier is an English rugby union league which sits at the ninth level of league rugby union in England.

</doc>
<doc id="19465950" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19465950" title="2008 GO Wellington dispute">
2008 GO Wellington dispute

The 2008 GO Wellington dispute was an industrial dispute between the GO Wellington bus company and drivers represented by the Wellington Tramways Union. On 24 September drivers struck between 7.30 am and 8.30 am, the middle of the morning rush hour. The dispute was escalated when the company moved to lock out its drivers, taking the company's 222 buses off the road the following day. The lockout ended on 25 September when the union withdrew its strike notice. Union secretary Kevin O'Sullivan told "The New Zealand Herald" that the union's push for higher wages would continue.

</doc>
<doc id="19465955" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19465955" title="Bank Mendes Gans">
Bank Mendes Gans

Bank Mendes Gans (BMG) is a Dutch bank specialising in international cash management services. Founded in 1883 and located in the centre of Amsterdam, the Netherlands, BMG is an independently operated subsidiary of the ING Group (as part of Commercial Banking).
Profile.
Bank Mendes Gans is a worldwide renowned niche player in the area of liquidity and information management for large multinationals. The company is one of the most important cash management specialists in the world. BMG's core activity is cash management, contrary to banks like, for example, ABN AMRO or Citibank, for whom this is only a limited and less profitable part of the services rendered.
History.
At the time the Amsterdam born Julius Gans founded his brokerage firm Gans & Co. in 1883, he mainly traded in foreign stock, drafts and coupons. Six years later, on May 23, 1889, Isaak Mendes (from Jewish Portuguese descent) joined the firm as his partner. Consequently the name of the brokerage firm changed to Mendes Gans & Co. 
In 1911 Mendes Gans & Co. changed into a licensed bank (under supervision of, and licensed by, the Dutch Central Bank ""De Nederlandsche Bank""). In those days the company was mainly involved in managing the investment portfolio of wealthy Dutch individuals.
After World War I, the bank relocated to Herengracht 619, a stately residence built in 1667 by order of Jan Six (1618), former mayor of Amsterdam. The building is designed by architect Adriaan Dortsman. The bank is still located at these premises. 
With guidance of the American company and shareholder Dow Chemical, Mendes Gans focused on cash management in the sixties. This consequently, after divesting the brokerage business (to ING), led to the further specialization as a cash management bank.
Isaak Mendes and Julius Gans.
As result of the Nazi occupation of the Netherlands, Isaak Mendes fled during the hectic 'May days' of 1940 to the south of France, where he died in poverty at the age of 70 before the war ended. Partner and co-founder Julius Gans died in 1928 at the age of 65.
Shareholder ING Bank N.V..
ING Bank N.V. gradually purchased 99% of the BMG shares from main shareholders Philips Finance Company, Manufacturers Hanover Trust (currently JP Morgan Chase) and Dow Chemical. Early 2000, the decision was made to de-list Bank Mendes Gans N.V. from the Amsterdam Stock Exchange ("AEX-Effectenbeurs/Euronext Amsterdam") on February 1, 2000. By ending the quotation, the Amsterdam Stock Exchange did not only lose one of its most expensive funds (the shares were valued in excess of 20,000 Dutch Guilders - over 9,000 euros), but also one of its oldest.
With its own Board of Management, Supervisory Board, banking license and annual report, BMG is an independently operating business unit of ING Commercial Banking.

</doc>
<doc id="19465972" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19465972" title="Memorandum of Understanding concerning Conservation Measures for Marine Turtles of the Atlantic Coast of Africa">
Memorandum of Understanding concerning Conservation Measures for Marine Turtles of the Atlantic Coast of Africa

The Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) concerning Conservation Measures for Marine Turtles of the Atlantic Coast of Africa is a 1998 multilateral environmental memorandum of understanding that entered into effect on 1 July 1999 under the auspices of the Convention on Migratory Species of Wild Animals (CMS), also known as the Bonn Convention. The MoU focuses on the protection of six marine turtle species that are estimated to have rapidly declined in numbers along the Atlantic Coast of Africa. The MoU covers 26 range States (Angola, Benin, Cameroon, Cape Verde, Congo, Côte d'Ivoire, Democratic Republic of Congo, Equatorial Guinea, Gabon, Gambia, Ghana, Guinea, Guinea-Bissau, Liberia, Mauritania, Morocco, Namibia, Nigeria, Portugal (Azores, Madeira), São Tomé and Príncipe, Senegal, Sierra Leone, South Africa, Spain (Canary Islands), Togo and United Kingdom). As of May 2013, 23 range States have signed the MoU.
Development of MoU.
Marine turtles are thought to be numerous along much of the Atlantic Coast of Africa. The area includes nesting sites, feeding areas and migration corridors of importance to six species of marine turtles. To protect these species an Article IV agreement was concluded and came into effect on 1 July 1999.
Signatories to the Marine Turtles of Atlantic Coast of Africa MoU:
In addition, the CMS Secretariat also signed the MoU (29 May 1999).
The “Nairobi Declaration”, adopted at the May 2002 meeting, drew attention to the problem of by-catch in industrial fishing operations and emphasized the importance of involving local communities in the development and implementation of conservation activities. It seeks to maximise the advantages of cooperation between related conventions and NGOs, and the integration of marine turtle conservation measures within the emerging African Process for the Development and Protection of the Marine and Coastal Environment in Sub-Saharan Africa.
Aim of MoU.
The aim of the MoU is to safeguard six marine turtle species that are estimated to have rapidly declined in numbers during recent years due to excessive exploitation (both direct and incidental) and the degradation of essential habitats.
Species covered by MoU.
The MoU protects six species of marine turtles:
Fundamental components.
Conscious that concerted, coordinated action must be taken immediately to address the threats posed to the existing populations, the Signatories agree to work closely together to improve the conservation status of the marine turtles and the habitats on which they depend. To that end, they shall:
The MoU took effect on 1 July 1999 and shall remain in effect indefinitely subject to the right of any Signatory to terminate its participation by providing one year’s written notice to all of the other Signatories.
Meetings.
Meetings of Signatories are organized regularly to review the conservation status of the marine turtles and the implementation of the MoU and Conservation Plan. National reports by individual Signatories and a report prepared by the Secretariat are also submitted.
The First Meeting of Signatories took place in the UNEP Headquarters, Nairobi, Kenya, May 2002. A Conservation Plan, which had been drafted at the previous meeting, was revised and adopted. 
The Second Meeting of Signatories was held in Dakar, Senegal, 5-7 March 2008. During the meeting the Signatories reviewed the implementation of the MoU, updated the Conservation Plan and established a Consultative Committee on Science and Technology. Furthermore, the second meeting amended the MoU in order to:
Secretariat.
The CMS Secretariat — located in Bonn, Germany — provides the Secretariat functions. From October 2005 until the end of July 2012 the coordination services for the MoU were provided by the Coordination Unit known by its French acronym URTOMA. Since August 2012, the administration of the MoU has been shifted to the CMS Secretariat in Bonn until other arrangements can be found.
Conservation Plan.
In May 2002, the range States gathered in Nairobi to conclude a comprehensive Conservation Plan. The text of the MoU states that the Plan shall aim to improve basic knowledge of species and migration routes, reduce mortality of marine turtles, enhance cooperation among range States and secure funding for the initiation and/or continuation of conservation programmes; the Plan shall also provide for the identification of key habitats for nesting and foraging, for population monitoring a research and the eventual preparation of national marine turtle action plans that take into account the needs of local human populations.
The Conservation Plan, adopted in 2002 and revised, focuses on the establishment of a database on turtle ecology (distribution, migration patterns, etc.) and on threats (mature and extent of direct exploitation, by-catch rate, impact of coastal management, pollution, etc.). 
Activities and Successes.
The CMS Secretariat has published two reports, entitled “Conservation Measures for Marine Turtles of the Atlantic Coast of Africa: CMS Technical Series Publication No.5” and “Biogeography and Conservation of Marine Turtles of the Atlantic Coast of Africa: CMS Technical Series Publication No.6.” 
Furthermore, the MoU has supported a number of small-scale project activities in various countries, with a view to stimulating broader initiative and supported the development of basic training and awareness materials such as the funding of the production of French language marine turtle identification posters developed by WIDECAST, an NGO working on turtle conservation in the Caribbean. On a more practical level, through the MoU a project, which started in 2001 and was successfully concluded in 2003, was funded. The project aimed at uncovering the migratory patterns of the Green Turtle population nesting at Poilão, Guinea-Bissau.

</doc>
<doc id="19465985" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19465985" title="NABL">
NABL

NABL may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19465988" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19465988" title="Corticeira Amorim">
Corticeira Amorim

Corticeira Amorim S.G.P.S., S.A., is a Portuguese subholding company belonging to the Amorim Group and claims to be the world leader in the cork industry for over 130 years, with operations in hundreds of countries all over the world. Corticeira Amorim S.G.P.S., S.A. is responsible for the management of 70 companies engaged in the cork manufacture, research, development, promotion and sale of products and new solutions for the cork industry. António Rios de Amorim is the company’s Chairman and CEO. Organized in five Business Units – Raw-Materials, Cork Stoppers, Floor & Wall Coverings, Composite Cork and Insulation Cork - Corticeira Amorim sells an array of products largely to such industries as the aeronautical, construction and wine-producing industries; a result of the investment made in R&D. Amorim's holding company is listed on the Euronext Lisbon stock exchange.
The Company.
The company’s share capital is € 133 million. In 2007, Corticeira Amorim registered a positive growth of 2.5% compared to 2006, with a turnover of € 453.8 million. Amorim performed fairly well in 2007 with operating profit increasing from € 20.1 million to € 23.2 million.
Corticeira Amorim is the world’s leading producer of natural cork wine closures, with over 3 billion units produced annually. About 80% of its cork products are manufactured in the Iberian Peninsula. In 2007, the total workforce of Corticeira Amorim was 3795; the company provided training programmes to its employees, achieving a total of 54,428 hours of training (an average of 14.3 hours per worker).
The cork industry.
Portugal is the world’s top producer of cork and has the largest cork forest in the world. Cork products account for 2.3 percent of the total Portuguese exports. Approximately 17,000 people are employed in the country’s cork manufacturing industries, which process around 70 percent of the world’s cork. 90 percent of natural cork products manufactured in Portugal are sold for export.
Sustainability.
In addition to processing a 100% natural and recyclable product, by harvesting cork bark without cutting down trees, the company actually contributes to the preservation and viability of the cork oak forests, both in Portugal and abroad. The cork oak is a tree species native to Portugal and plays an important role in retaining CO2, in preserving biodiversity and in combating desertification. 
Corticeira Amorim has issued its first Sustainability Report in 2007, the first of its kind in the cork industry. The report was distinguished by Corporate Register as one of the best three world’s sustainability reports in the Openness & Honesty category.
History.
The origin of Corticeira Amorim dates back to 1870 when a factory for the manufacture of natural cork stoppers for Port wine bottling was established. Amorim & Irmãos, a cork manufacturing company incorporated in 1922, was the first member company under the current Corticeira Amorim, SGPS, S.A. umbrella of companies.
In March 2001 António Rios de Amorim succeeded his uncle Américo Amorim as CEO of Corticeira Amorim, SGPS, S.A.
The Department for the Development of New Applications for Cork and Cork Products was established in 2004 with a view to developing and designing new cork solutions as well as strengthening knowledge exchange among the different business units.
Investment in R&D was again emphasized in 2007 when the creation of a new across-the-board support business unit designed to meet the innovation challenge was announced: Amorim Cork Research.

</doc>
<doc id="19465995" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19465995" title="Human rights in Rwanda">
Human rights in Rwanda

Human rights in Rwanda have been rated as "mediocre" by the US government.
As decolonization ideas spread across Africa, a Tutsi party and Hutu party were created. Both became militarized, and in 1959, Tutsi attempted to assassinate Grégoire Kayibanda, the leader of PARMEHUTU. This resulted in the wind of destruction known as the "Social Revolution" in Rwanda, violence which pitted Hutu against Tutsi, killing 20 000 to 100 000 Tutsi and forcing more into exile. 
After the withdrawal of Belgium from Africa in 1962, Rwanda separated from Rwanda-Urundi by referendum, which also eliminated the Tutsi monarchy, the mwami. In 1963, the Hutu government killed 14 000 Tutsi, after Tutsi guerillas attacked Rwanda from Burundi. The government maintained mandatory ethnic identity cards, and capped Tutsi numbers in universities and the civil service.
During the Rwandan Genocide in 1994, 800,000 people were murdered.
Post genocide human rights issues.
Subsequent governments, including the current government led by President Paul Kagame, have been accused by Amnesty International of numerous human rights violations, notably extrajudicial killings. According to Amnesty International, between December 1997 and May 1998, thousands of Rwandans "disappeared" or were murdered by members of government security forces and of armed opposition groups. Amnesty International states that the Rwandan Patriotic Army and armed opposition forces both "deliberately target unarmed civilians", including children.
According to Human Rights Watch, Rwandan troops involved in the Second Congo War were responsible for the deaths of thousands of Congolese civilians. At the time, Pasteur Bizimungu was president of Rwanda, while Paul Kagame was vice-president and minister of defence. In 2010, the United Nations issued a report accusing Rwanda of having "committ war crimes against ethnic Hutus" in the Democratic Republic of Congo during the period. The report suggested that "Rwanda's army may have committed genocide" against Hutus - a suggestion "furiously" denied by Kagame's government.
Regarding human rights under the government of President Paul Kagame, Human Rights Watch in 2007 accused Rwandan police of several instances of extrajudicial killings and deaths in custody. In June 2006, the International Federation of Human Rights and Human Rights Watch described what they called "serious violations of international humanitarian law committed by the Rwanda Patriotic Army".
According to "The Economist" in 2008, Kagame "allows less political space and press freedom at home than Robert Mugabe does in Zimbabwe", and "who poses the slightest political threat to the regime is dealt with ruthlessly".
The United States government in 2006 described the human rights record of the Kagame government as "mediocre", citing the "disappearances" of political dissidents, as well as arbitrary arrests and acts of violence, torture, and murders committed by police. U. S. authorities listed human rights problems including the existence of political prisoners and limited freedom of the press, freedom of assembly and freedom of religion.
Reporters Without Borders listed Rwanda in 147th place out of 169 for freedom of the press in 2007, and reported that "Rwandan journalists suffer permanent hostility from their government and surveillance by the security services". It cited cases of journalists being threatened, harassed, and arrested for criticising the government. According to Reporters Without Borders, "President Paul Kagame and his government have never accepted that the press should be guaranteed genuine freedom". 
In 2010, Rwanda fell to 169th place, out of 178, entering the ranks of the ten lowest-ranked countries in the world for press freedom. Reporters Without Borders stated that "Rwanda, Yemen and Syria have joined Burma and North Korea as the most repressive countries in the world against journalists", adding that in Rwanda, "the third lowest-ranked African country", "this drop was caused by the suspending of the main independent press media, the climate of terror surrounding the presidential election, and the murdering, in Kigali, of the deputy editor of "Umuvugizi", Jean-Léonard Rugambage. In proportions almost similar to those of Somalia, Rwanda is emptying itself of its journalists, who are fleeing the country due to their fear of repression".
In December 2008, a draft report commissioned by the United Nations, to be presented to the Sanctions Committee of the United Nations Security Council, alleged that Kagame's Rwanda was supplying child soldiers to Tutsi rebels in Nord-Kivu, Democratic Republic of the Congo, in the context of the conflict in Nord-Kivu in 2008. The report also alleged that Rwanda was supplying General Laurent Nkunda with "military equipment, the use of Rwandan banks, and allow the rebels to launch attacks from Rwandan territory on the Congolese army".
In July 2009, the Commonwealth Human Rights Initiative issued a report critical of the human rights situation in Rwanda. It highlighted "a lack of political freedom and harassment of journalists". It urged the Rwandan government to enact legislation enabling freedom of information and to "authorise the presence of an opposition in the next election". It also emphasised abuses carried out by Rwandan troops in the Democratic Republic of the Congo, and described Rwanda's overall human rights situation as "very poor":
The report details a country in which democracy, freedom of speech, the press and human rights are undermined or violently abused, in which courts fail to meet international standards, and a country which has invaded its neighbour, the Democratic Republic of Congo, four times since 1994. ... Censorship is prevalent, according to the report, and the government has a record of shutting down independent media and harassing journalists. It concludes that Rwanda's constitution is used as a "façade" to hide "the repressive nature of the regime" and backs claims that Rwanda is essentially an "an army with a state".
2010s.
In the lead-up to the 2010 presidential election, the United Nations "demanded a full investigation into allegations of politically motivated killings of opposition figures". André Kagwa Rwisereka, the vice-president of the Democratic Green Party of Rwanda, was found beheaded. "lawyer who had participated in genocide trials at a UN tribunal was shot dead". There was a murder attempt on Kayumba Nyamwasa, "a former senior Rwandan general who had fallen out with Kagame". And Jean-Léonard Rugambage, a journalist investigating that attempted murder, was himself murdered.
In 2011, Amnesty International criticized the continued detention of former transportation minister and Bizimungu ally Charles Ntakirutinka, who was seven years into a ten-year sentence at Kigali central prison. Amnesty International called him a prisoner of conscience and named him a 2011 "priority case".
In October 2012, the body of Théogène Turatsinze, a Rwandan businessman living in Mozambique, who was thought to have "had access to politically sensitive financial information related to certain Rwandan government insiders", was found tied up and floating in the sea. Police in Mozambique "initially indicated Rwandan government involvement in the killing before contacting the government and changing its characterization to a common crime. Rwandan government officials publicly condemned the killing and denied involvement." Foreign media connected the murder to those of several prominent critics of the Rwandan government over the previous two years. 
To improve the perception of its human rights record, the Rwandan government in 2009 engaged a U. S. public relations firm, Racepoint group, who had improved the image of Libya's Gaddafi, Tunisia, Angola, Equatorial Guinea, Ethiopia, and Senegal. An internet site was set up by BTP advisers, a British firm, to attack critics. Racepoint's agreement with the government stated that it would "flood" the Internet and the media with positive stories about Rwanda.
Historical situation.
The following chart shows Rwanda's ratings since 1972 in the Freedom in the World reports, published annually by Freedom House. A rating of 1 is "free"; 7, "not free".
International treaties.
Rwanda's stances on international human rights treaties are as follows:

</doc>
<doc id="19466017" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19466017" title="Moynihan (surname)">
Moynihan (surname)

Moynihan is a surname with Irish origin.
Recorded in several spellings forms including Moynihan, Monahan, Monaghan, Monaham, Minihane, Minihan, and probably others, this is an Irish surname of great antiquity. It originates from the Gaelic O' Muimhneachain, which literally translates as "The male descendant of the Munsterman". The surname is most popular in Counties Cork and Kerry, which form part of the province of Munster. The modern spellings are usually Moynihan and Monaghan, the spelling in the 16th century being generally recorded as Minighane, and regarded as the principal surname of West Cork. Michael and Mortimer Moynihan were famous rebels in the late 16th century, and hailed from Skibbereen. Several of the name were famine immigrants into New York, who embarked from Liverpool on the ship "Hampden" bound for that port on December 8th 1846. The first recorded spelling of the family name is shown to be that of Teag O' Muimhneachain, dated 1659, in the Barony of Tulla, during the reign of Richard Cromwell, known as "The Lord Protector", 1658 - 1660. Throughout the centuries, surnames in every country have continued to "develop" often leading to astonishing variants of the original spelling.

</doc>
<doc id="19466029" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19466029" title="Shooting at the 1992 Summer Olympics – Women's 50 metre rifle three positions">
Shooting at the 1992 Summer Olympics – Women's 50 metre rifle three positions

Women's 50 metre rifle three positions (then known as "standard rifle") was one of the thirteen shooting events at the 1992 Summer Olympics. It was the first Olympic competition after the introduction of the new target in 1989, and thus two Olympic records were set, both by Launi Meili.
Qualification round.
OR Olympic record – Q Qualified for final
Final.
OR Olympic record

</doc>
<doc id="19466040" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19466040" title="Culture of Magadh Region">
Culture of Magadh Region

Magadh region, comprises the districts of Patna, Nalanda, Nawada, Gaya, Arwal, Aurangabad, and Jehanabad, in the Central Bihar region, are the nourishing ground of the ancient Magahi (Magadhi) culture in the eastern part of India. Magadhi is the mother-tongue of people of this area.

</doc>
<doc id="19466048" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19466048" title="History of Southern Vectis">
History of Southern Vectis

[Southern Vectis logo under the National Bus Company from 1972-1986.
Southern Vectis began life as a company called Dodsons in 1921. Dodsons soon became The Vectis Bus Company, and in 1929, the company was bought by Southern Railway, and became the Southern Vectis Omnibus Co.
In 1948 Southern Vectis was nationalised and became part of the National Bus Company in 1969. Then in 1986, the business was privatised, purchased by its management.
In 1987, as a result of deregulation, Southern Vectis started the Eastleigh and Southampton bus company Solent Blue Line. This company used what at first were older out of use Southern Vectis buses, repainted, to compete with Southampton City Bus (a predecessor of what is now First Hampshire & Dorset). Since late 2005, the company has had the same directors as Solent Blue Line, and Go-Ahead's Wilts & Dorset operations, as part of the Go South Coast division.
Services.
Previous networks.
Most double-deck buses ran in route-specific liveries, such as "Route Rouge" (mainly red), and "Island Explorer" (pale blue). It was not unusual to see a vehicle operating the 'wrong' route. Island Explorer routes took a circular route around the island from Ryde, down across the south coast of the island and up to Yarmouth, then travelling to Newport and finally back to Ryde.
Complicating matters, some journeys on routes such as the 3, 7B and 8, as well as entire routes in themselves, such as the 13, 22 and 24, were sub-contracted to Wightbus, who have their own, mainly white livery. The remaining routes were mainly run by single-deck buses.
Open-top tours.
The first open top bus services began in the 1950s in Shanklin. The roof was removed from a few of their older AEC Regent double deck buses. Year on year the open top buses grew in popularity and through the 1960s routes were extended. More routes started at Ryde and at Yarmouth to Alum Bay and the Needles. Gradually older buses featuring engines at the front of the vehicle were replaced with newer vehicles with the engine at the rear. Full power steering and automatic gears were later added to ease driving on routes using smaller, bendier roads, notably The Needles Tour. Liveries have also developed over time. During the early days a mainly creamy white livery was used. This has later changed to an apple green, a vivid "Battenburg" pattern of lime green and purple and more recently a sunshine orange. In 2007, Southern Vectis rebranded its open top tours to Island Breezers and a new livery of two-tone blue with an orange sunburst was adopted.
All open top routes were numbered in the 40-series. The following open-top services were operated:
After the renumbering of the Downs Tour, service 44 became, a once-a-day connector route between Ryde, Brading, Yaverland and Sandown to continue at the Sandown Bay Tour. These continued until the start of the March 2008 timetable. Service 12 included an open-Top journey, renumbered 45 in 2005. Again, it continued as the Sandown Bay Tour, and was withdrawn in 2008.
Service 7B included one open-Top journey from Ryde to Totland, from where it continued as The Needles Tour. Service 7A included an open-Top journey from Yarmouth, (as the last Needles Tour of the day) to Newport. In 2006, the route was diverted to run via Calbourne and Chessell in both directions, and is now route 46. Service 47 was the other "Needles Tour" bus, which ran between Newport and Yarmouth via Thorness Bay Holiday Camp and Newtown, although, since 2005, it has not served Newtown itself due to a new bridge restriction. Unlike the Sandown Bay Tour connectors, these still operate.
Current network.
The current Southern Vectis network came into operation on 1 April 2006 along with the new logo and livery. It initially involved 10 key routes, 9 of which started from Newport, the hub of the network. A further route 11 was later expanded making a current total of eleven major bus routes. The new network has so far proved a success, with passenger numbers increasing by 45%, one of the highest increases in the UK. This has led to a 60% increase in us services across the island and 24-hour services to most towns for a small period. There are now 219 drivers instead of 126 drivers in summer 2005. Southern Vectis drivers cover more than 78,000 miles a week compared to 55,000. However, following a dispute over pay, it was claimed that on occasions drivers spent five and a half hours behind the wheel without a break, although this is the legal limit.
A lot of the growth has come through concessionary travel for the over 60's. This has since led to problems with the amount Southern Vectis receive for this travel being significantly reduced, resulting in some service cuts and fare rises.
Liveries.
There are many different liveries that Southern Vectis buses have worn. The buses had traditionally been painted green, but from 1990, a new livery of "cream and mushroom" was introduced (pictured to the left). Interestingly, the style of the bus stops continued to reflect this livery until the 2006 service changes. The network change around 2001/2 saw a new series of liveries introduced. Single deck buses were fairly standardised in a "Oxford Blue and Stripes" dark blue livery, sporting orange, red and yellow squiggly lines along their sides. As mentioned earlier Island Explorer and Route Rouge liveries were also introduced for the companies double deck buses. From 2005, new Dennis Dart SLF/Plaxton Pointer single-deck buses arrived in a precursor to the current livery, with many copies of the previous company logo disintegrating into a standard green towards the rear of the bus.
Since April 2006, most buses have been painted with a new livery of two shades of green. It also consists of a newly designed logo and the new slogan "The Island's Buses". The company's 7 B7TLs in the fleet were the first to be re-sprayed to this, all from the old Island Explorer livery which they were delivered in 2002. Prior to full completion of the new two-tone livery, the B7TLs were temporarily used for services with just a lime green livery. There are some exceptions to this new livery. The open-top tours have a blue and orange livery, with "Island Breezers" branding. Coaches and driver training vehicles also carry a number of different liveries. Three of the UVG Darts are still in the "Oxford Blue and Stripes" livery.
Fleet.
Southern Vectis has used a wide variety of buses forming its fleet. The first double deck buses were used in 1936, prior to this the island's roads were deemed not suitable for anything more than single deck buses. In late 2002, the company bought the first low-floor buses for the Isle of Wight with 7 Plaxton President bodied Volvo B7TLs and a single Plaxton Mini Pointer bodied Dennis Dart. This has later been added to through the purchase of 14 more Plaxton Mini Pointer bodied Dennis Darts, 7 Mercedes-Benz Citaros, and most recently twenty eight new Scania OmniCity buses. Prior to these, Leyland Olympians and Bristol VRTs were common in the fleet. At the end of the 2008 tourist season, the Bristol VRTs were sold with a new open-top bus arriving from Wilts & Dorset for the 2009 tourist season.

</doc>
<doc id="19466061" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19466061" title="Heat (video game)">
Heat (video game)

Heat is an upcoming video game, based on the 1995 crime film with the same name. It is under development by Gearbox Software for PlayStation 3, Xbox 360. During the E3 2009, Gearbox did not have the license of the film to make the game as it is being opened to be sold.
Michael Mann, director of the film, is reported to be involved.
In a recent interview Randy Pitchford President, CEO, and co-founder of Gearbox Software said that development of the game has been halted and the IP could potentially be available to pass onto another developer saying: 
'In a nutshell, we're nowhere. We have passionate game makers that would love to do it. We've got filmmakers that think it's a great idea that would love to see it done. We have publishing partners that would love to publish it. But we have no time. That's the limiting factor. Because of the situation, we're not keeping the IP locked down anymore. So if somebody else were in a spot where they could do it, and everybody was comfortable with that, then conceivably that could happen.'
Although not based on the movie "Heat", during the 2013 release of Grand Theft Auto V, the games series was said to "tread the same turf as films such as "Scarface" and, in this case, "Heat"".

</doc>
<doc id="19466065" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19466065" title="1969 FIBA Intercontinental Cup">
1969 FIBA Intercontinental Cup

The 1969 Intercontinental Basketball Cup took place at Macon, Georgia, USA. From the FIBA European Champions Cup participated Real Madrid and Spartak Brno, and from the South American Club Championship participated EC Sírio. Macon College took part from the NCAA, and from the NABL participated the Akron Wingfoots.
Final standings.
<onlyinclude>
</onlyinclude>

</doc>
<doc id="19466080" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19466080" title="Culture of Bhojpuri Region">
Culture of Bhojpuri Region

Bhojpuri region comprises the 21 districts of Purvanchal region of eastern Uttar Pradesh and 9 districts of western Bihar which includes the districts of Rohtas, Kaimur, Buxar and Bhojpur to the south of the Ganges; and Saran, Siwan, Gopalganj, East Champaran and West Champaran to the north of the Ganges in the northern-eastern part of India as well as adjacent districts in Nepal's Outer Terai [http://www.ethnologue.com/show_map.asp?name=NP&seq=30] including Rupandehi, Nawalparasi, Parsa, Bara, Rautahat and Sarlahi districts. Bhojpuri along with Hindi-Urdu is the mother-tongue of many people of this area.
Bhojpuri culture is a part of India's North-Central Cultural Zone along with rest of Uttar Pradesh, Delhi, Haryana, Rajasthan, and Madhya Pradesh. While the rest of Cultural region of Bihar i.e., Magadha, Mithila and Anga lies in India's Eastern Cultural Zone along with Bengal, Assam and Odisha.
Bhojpuri culture is rich and zestful, characterised by a "joie de vie" unknown in the rest of India.

</doc>
<doc id="19466090" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19466090" title="The Fallen Leaves">
The Fallen Leaves

The Fallen Leaves are a British garage rock group that formed in Richmond, London in 2004. The group was formed by Rob Symmons (dustbin guitar) and Rob Green (vocals) with Paul Myers (bass), and for a very short time, Paul Cook (drums). The current line up features drummer, William Lewington and bassist, Matthew Karas.
Prehistory.
Symmons and Myers, along with Vic Goddard, were founding members of the Subway Sect. During the recording of the first Subway Sect album, manager Bernie Rhodes sacked the band except for singer-songwriter Goddard. Myers went on to play bass with Steve Jones and Paul Cook in the Professionals. Symmons, unable to retrieve his guitar from the band lockup, gave up professional music for over twenty years until persuaded out of retirement by old friend, Rob Green. Green had built a reputation singing at Bernie Rhodes' "Club Left" and by performing with Vic Godard's later version of the Subway Sect, notably supporting Siouxsie and the Banshees at the Music Machine in 1980.
Formation of the band and changing line ups.
Green and Symmons had been writing songs together on various occasions and in 2004, spurred on by a shared love of 60's garage, stylish vintage suits, and their long-held belief that a good idea played badly is better than a bad idea played well, got into action. The first incarnation of the Fallen Leaves featured Paul Myers on bass, and for a number of their first rehearsals, Paul Cook on drums. Cook could not commit to the band and for a couple of years drummers and bassists came and went frequently.
The Leaves made their debut at Richmond's Monk Club in July 2004, with "King" James Bradley on drums, and reappeared at the Monk Club over the course of the next few months. In August the band ventured out of London to support The 5,6,7,8's in Nottingham.
Pete Townshend offered the band some free studio time at his Eel Pie Studios, near Richmond. The band, with a session drummer, quickly recorded the three tracks that would become the "Trouble" E.P.
Paul Myers left the Fallen Leaves in 2005 as the band was starting to play gigs outside of London, which was encroaching on his work as an addictions counsellor [http://www.philjens.plus.com/kickdown/paul_myers_interview07_3.htm]. He was replaced by Phil King, ex Jesus & Mary Chain/Lush bassist.
2006-present.
In 2006, the "Trouble" EP was released as a four track CD and a 7 inch single on the band's own Parliament Records.
Swiss eccentric Daniel Strittmatter, former drummer for Mike Scott, Ian McNabb, The High Llamas and Koala, began drumming for the band around this time. This line up of the band recorded seven tracks in a session at Gizzard Studio in Bow.
Phil King left the band and was replaced by Paul Messis. Messis played with the group up until March 2007 when he left to go travelling, and Gareth "Mountbatten" Evans, from Koala/The Prellies took over the bass guitarist's position. It was this line up that completed the Fallen Leaves debut album, "It's Too Late Now", at Bark Studios, working with producer Brian O'Shaughnessy.
By September 2007, the increasing workload of Strittmatter's other projects, including ex-Adam and The Ants sidemen, The Wolfmen, led to his departure from the group to be replaced by Ian O' Sullivan, formerly of psych pop garage band, The Aardvarks. In February 2008, the Leaves recorded three tracks in the 6Music Hub for Tom Robinson.
In the spring of 2008, The Fallen Leaves released "It's Too Late Now" on their own Parliament Records. The album was listed as an early album of the year by the Sunday Times, with a 4/5 star review [http://entertainment.timesonline.co.uk/tol/arts_and_entertainment/music/cd_reviews/article3979335.ece
The Fallen Leaves have continued to play shows in the UK, and in September 2008 crossed the Atlantic to play two shows in New York State and record another radio session, this time 14 songs at WFMU for the Evan "The Funk" Davies show, including four songs from their next album.
Musical styles and influence.
Purveyors of pop played with passion rather than precision, the Fallen Leaves are very much based around Symmons' distinctive discordant, stinging guitar sound as well as Green's vocal style, reminiscent of Italian-American crooners such as Tony Bennett and Frank Sinatra. Their preference is to use vintage valve amps & mics, and recording live with no overdubs and minimal technology. The Fallen Leaves hark back to DIY punk days and concentrate on delivering impressive songs and performances. Classic British beat such as The Who, Kinks, and Rolling Stones have been cited as influences, as well as The Pretty Things, The Outsiders and the Downliners Sect.
The Parliament Club.
On the 26 November 2004, The Fallen Leaves began hosting The Parliament Club at The Blackhorse, Richmond. The headliners for the first Parliament Club were the reformed Downliners Sect. Each Parliament Club evening features The Fallen Leaves, who have been joined by the likes of Billy Childish and the Buff Medways, The Masonics, John's Children, A Nation Mourns and Eater, to name a few. On 21 November 2006 The Parliament Club relocated to the Inn On The Green, Ladbroke Grove and remains a bi-monthly fixture there.
Discography.
Singles.
Trouble
Side A: Trouble (Part 1)
Side B: Trouble (Part 2)
EP.
Trouble EP
Tracklist:
Trouble (Edit)
Revenge Is Sweet
High and Dry
Trouble (Full Length)
Albums.
It's Too Late Now
Tracklist:
All That You Choose 
Happy Times 
Wednesdays With You 
Go Now 
Seven Years 
Days of Summer 
Back To You 
Repetition 
Higher And Dryer
Shining
Produced at Bark Studios.
That's Right
Tracklist:
Did You See Her
My Phantoms
Sylvie Says
Is She Somewhere
Miss Demeanour
The International Brigade
Charity Girl
Vendetta
Listen to My Heart
When You're Gone

</doc>
<doc id="19466093" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19466093" title="Dragging Down the Enforcer">
Dragging Down the Enforcer

Dragging Down the Enforcer is the name of the debut album by Outlaw Order, a side-project of the pioneering American sludge metal outfit, Eyehategod. It was released in November 2008 in both jewel case and metal box formats. It was originally due to be released on the 13th and 14th of October, but was delayed due to manufacturing issues. There were apparently 13 songs recorded for the album, but the final tracklisting lists 11, meaning two B-sides exist. Between the release of "Legalize Crime" and "Dragging Down the Enforcer", bassist Justin Grisoli left the band, hence bass parts on the album were recorded by Brian Patton. The track "Double Barrel Solves Everything" previously appeared on the "Legalize Crime" EP as "D.B.S.E.".
Track listing.
All songs written by LaCaze, Mader, Patton and Williams. All lyrics by Williams.

</doc>
<doc id="19466095" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19466095" title="EFR-Business Week">
EFR-Business Week

The EFR-Business Week is a student-organised conference in Europe. Every year around April, the EFR-Business Week takes place at the Erasmus University Rotterdam and other locations around the Netherlands and Europe. It is organised by a committee of six students from the EFR. The 30th edition of the EFR-Business Week will be held between 2 April and 11 April 2014.
The Economic Faculty Association Rotterdam (EFR) is a faculty association in the Netherlands, with around 4000 members. It is related to the Erasmus School of Economics, of the Erasmus University Rotterdam. Its aim is to bridge the gap between theory and practice. Over a hundred committee members of EFR organise various activities for all economic oriented students throughout the academic year, in order to contribute to the extracurricular self-development of the students.
The largest of these activities are the Erasmus Recruitment Days and the EFR-Business Week. The EFR-Business Week is amongst the most professional and prestigious student-organised conferences in Europe.
During the EFR-Business Week different aspects of a central theme are treated by the means of lectures, master classes, workshops and panel discussions. Internationally renowned speakers from the business world, politics and science put forward their ideas to discover and discuss issues around the central theme. EFR-Business Week aims to integrate theory and practice by means of making contact between students and inspiring individuals of their future working environment. In the past the EFR-Business Week has featured the following speakers:
Layout.
The EFR-Business week generally consists of the following events:
Opening day
The grand opening of the EFR-Business Week takes place during the Opening Day. Speakers will present their views and experiences through keynote speeches, interviews and panel discussions for an audience of 900 students, professors, businessmen and politicians. The World Leader Cycle Award and the EFR-Business Week Award are granted to its recipients during this day.
Company Days
The Company Days (formerly known as the External Congress) offer students and companies a 3 day series of recruitment events. These events will range from formal in-house days, where students are given an opportunity to witness the work environment and participate in a variety of workshops; to informal dinners and activities, to become acquainted with the company employees. Only the hundred best students will be selected to participate.
Conference Platform
The Conference Platform is an opportunity for students to interact on a one to one level with notable global citizens. It will give students a more specific perspective of the EFR-Business Week theme. The programme will provide students the chance to discuss the central theme with representatives of multinationals, politicians and other people of interest. During the day there will be an informal debate between a large group of students and a group of knowledgeable speakers who will discuss the theme from both political, cultural and the business perspective. The Conference Platform will build upon its past with speakers as Prime Minister of the Netherlands, Mr. Balkenende; former Minister of Financial Affairs of the Netherlands, Mr. Zalm and former Prime Minister of Spain, Mr. Aznar Lopez.
Business Week on Location
The day is filled with activities on an external location at either one of the firms or organizations of the Netherlands and Europe. In previous years the Business Week on Location has taken students behind the scenes of Schiphol Airport, the port of Rotterdam and the European Space Agency.
Eclaire Special
A month before the EFR-Business week is held the "Eclaire" special edition is published. The "Eclaire" is EFR’s full-colour faculty publication, and is circulated to students of the Faculty of Economic Sciences at the Erasmus University Rotterdam. The Eclaire Special is a unique edition solely focused on the EFR-Business Week, and is received by 35,000 students around the Netherlands.
EFR-Business Week Committee.
Every year, EFR selects six students from the Erasmus University Rotterdam to organize the EFR-Business Week. The committee is a full-time position from August until April.
The EFR-Business Week Committee 2013
Felix Haan - Chairman<br>
Jesse Vonk - Commissioner Conference Day<br> 
Daneel Tielen - Commissioner Company Days<br>
Marijn Compagner - Commercial Officer<br>
Max van Oirschot - Marketing Officer<br>
Arthur Dolk - Commissioner Opening Day<br>
The EFR-Business Week Committee 2014
Vincent van Wingerden - Chairman<br>
Daan Evans - Congress Manager<br>
Pia Bezema - Congress Manager<br>
Jeffrey Meerpoel - Marketing Officer<br>
Edda Beck - Commercial Officer<br>
Veerle Vermeulen - Event Manager<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19466101" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19466101" title="Ulf Lövaas">
Ulf Lövaas

Ulf Lövaas (born 24 March 1947 in Holmestrand, Norway) is a former international motorcycle speedway rider who represented Norway in World Team Cup and rode in the UK for two seasons. Brother Dag also rode for Oxford Rebels in 1975.

</doc>
<doc id="19466110" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19466110" title="Arctostaphylos insularis">
Arctostaphylos insularis

Arctostaphylos insularis is a species of manzanita known by the common name island manzanita. It is endemic to Santa Cruz Island, one of the Channel Islands of California. 
Description.
"Arctostaphylos insularis" is a large, spreading shrub reaching over two meters tall and known to exceed five meters in height. It has waxy, reddish bark and the smaller twigs sometimes have bristly glandular hairs. The leaves are shiny green and smooth, generally oval in shape and slightly convex, and up to about 4.5 centimeters long. The shrub blooms in many dense clustered inflorescences of urn-shaped flowers. The fruit is an orange-brown drupe up to 1.5 centimeters wide.
Habitat.
"Arctostaphylos insularis" grows in the chaparral, oak woodland, and coastal pine forest habitat of its native island.

</doc>
<doc id="19466119" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19466119" title="Angika Region">
Angika Region

Angika region is a part of Mithila. It comprises the following districts in the eastern part of India. 
Angika, a dialect of Maithili language is the mother-tongue of people of this area.

</doc>
<doc id="19466135" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19466135" title="General Bathymetric Chart of the Oceans">
General Bathymetric Chart of the Oceans

The General Bathymetric Chart of the Oceans (GEBCO) is a publicly available bathymetry of the world's oceans. The project was conceived with the aim of preparing a global series of charts showing the general shape of the seafloor. Over the years it has become a reference map of the bathymetry of the world’s oceans for scientists and others.
Organisation.
GEBCO operates under the joint auspices of the International Hydrographic Organization (IHO). and the Intergovernmental Oceanographic Commission (IOC) of UNESCO. Its work is done by an international group of experts in seafloor mapping who develop a range of bathymetric data sets and data products.
Data sets and products.
Although originally GEBCO published paper contour charts, today it has moved into the digital age and collects digital depths of the ocean from wherever they are available. GEBCO provides a range of bathymetric data sets and data products, including:
The grids are available to download from the British Oceanographic Data Centre (BODC) in the form of netCDF files, along with free software for displaying and accessing data in ASCII and netCDF. The grids can be used with the Generic Mapping Tools (GMT) system.
Project history.
The GEBCO chart series was initiated in 1903 by an international group of geographers and oceanographers, under the leadership of Prince Albert I of Monaco. At that time there was an explosion of interest in the study of the natural world and this group recognized the importance of a set of maps describing the shape of the ocean floor. The first hundred years of the project were described in the book "The History of GEBCO 1903-2003" published by GITC in 2003. Nowadays GEBCO’s role has become increasingly important, due to the increased interest in the oceans for scientific research and for the exploitation and conservation of resources. 
Since 1903, five separate editions of paper, bathymetric contour charts covering the whole world have been produced. GEBCO is now maintained in digital form as the GEBCO Digital Atlas.
Training.
The Nippon Foundation of Japan has provided funding for GEBCO to train a new generation of scientists and hydrographers in ocean bathymetry. The 12-month course, leading to a Postgraduate Certificate in Ocean Bathymetry (PCOB), has been held at the University of New Hampshire, USA, since 2004. 60 GEBCO scholars from 31 different countries have completed the course and are supporting GEBCO programs.

</doc>
<doc id="19466136" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19466136" title="Culture of Mithila Region">
Culture of Mithila Region

Mithila region broadly comprises the districts of Vaishali, Muzaffarpur, Madhubani, Darbhanga, Samastipur, Sheohar, Sitamarhi, Begusarai, Khagaria, Madhepura, Saharsa, Supaul, Araria, and Kishanganj in the eastern part of India. This cultural region extends north of India into the Terai plains of eastern Nepal [http://www.ethnologue.com/show_map.asp?name=NP&seq=30 in Sunsari districts of Kosi Zone; Saptari and Siraha districts of Sagarmatha Zone; Dhanusa, Mahottari and Sarlahi districts of Janakpur Zone. Maithili is the mother-tongue of many people of this area.
The relationship of Maithili community with Bhojpuri and Magahi communities—the immediate neighbors have been neither very pleasant nor very hostile. These two groups have rather been very envious of the series of achievements—both literary and socio-political. But Maithili has been the only one among them which has been trying to constantly deny superimposition of Hindi over her identity. The other two have given up their claims and have resigned to accept the status of dialects of Hindi.
While almost all Maithilis have accepted Hindi as a language of formal occasions, the retention of Maithili for cultual, social, familial as well as literary purposes have also been more or less steady. The trend among the youngest generation to use Maithili in lesser and lesser occasions should be viewed in the context of the same thing happening among Hindi, Telugu or Marathi speakers who are tilting towards use of English rather than their mother tongue.

</doc>
<doc id="19466143" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19466143" title="List of Lud, zbunjen, normalan episodes">
List of Lud, zbunjen, normalan episodes

The following is an episode list for the Bosnian television series "Lud, zbunjen, normalan", which airs on FTV. The series premiered on 2 September 2007. All episodes are written by Feđa Isović, and directed by Elmir Jukić.

</doc>
<doc id="19466149" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19466149" title="Now That's What I Call Music! 25 Years">
Now That's What I Call Music! 25 Years

"Now That's What I Call 25 Years" is a special edition 2008 compilation album in the Now That's What I Call Music series. It was released to celebrate "Now's" 25th Anniversary. The track listing of the 3-CD box set contains 60 popular songs spanning the years 1983–2008.
The album cover features the "Now" pig, previously featured on the covers of "Now 3", "4" and "5", and the back covers of "Now 1" and "Now Decades".
Track listing.
Disc 3.
Albums in brackets () the albums the tracks were originally featured on.

</doc>
<doc id="19466150" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19466150" title="1966 FIBA Intercontinental Cup">
1966 FIBA Intercontinental Cup

The 1966 Intercontinental Basketball Cup took place at Real Madrid Pavilion, Madrid. From the FIBA European Champions Cup participated Real Madrid and Ignis Varèse, from the South American Club Championship participated SC Corinthians, and from the NABL played the Chicago Jamaco Saints.
Final standings.
<onlyinclude>
</onlyinclude>

</doc>
<doc id="19466152" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19466152" title="Gliricidia sepium">
Gliricidia sepium

Gliricidia sepium, often simply referred to as Gliricidia (common names: "Mata Ratón"; "Cacao de nance", "Cachanance", it is commonly known as "Madreado" in Honduras; "Kakawate" in the Philippines; "Madre Cacao" or "Madre de Cacao" in the Philippines and Guatemala; and "Madero negro" in Nicaragua), is a medium size leguminous tree belonging to the family Fabaceae. It is considered as the second most important multi-purpose legume tree, surpassed only by "Leucaena leucocephala".
Description.
"Gliricidia sepium" is a medium-sized tree and can grow to from 10 to 12 meters high. The bark is smooth and its color can range from a whitish gray to deep red-brown. It has composite leaves that can be 30 cm long. Each leaf is composed of leaflets that are about 2 to 7 cm long and 1 to 3 cm wide. The flowers are located on the end of branches that have no leaves. These flowers have a bright pink to lilac color that is tinged with white. A pale yellow spot is usually at the flower's base. The tree's fruit is a pod which is about 10 to 15 cm in length. It is green when unripe and becomes yellow-brown when it reaches maturity. The pod produces 4 to 10 round brown seeds . The tree grows well in acidic soils with a pH of 4.5-6.2. The tree is found on volcanic soils in its native range in Central America and Mexico. However, it can also grow on sandy, clay and limestone soils.
Uses.
The tree is used in many tropical and sub-tropical countries for various purposes such as live fencing, fodder, coffee shade, firewood, green manure and rat poison. Live fences can be grown from 1.5 m to 2.0 m stakes of "Gliricidia sepium" in just a month.
"G. sepium" is also used for its medicinal and insect repellent properties. Farmers in Latin America often wash their livestock with a paste made of crushed "G. sepium" leaves to ward off torsalos. In the Philippines, the extract obtained from its leaves is used to remove external parasites.
"G. sepium" is a fast growing ruderal species that takes advantage of slash and burn practices in its native range. Its swift propagation has caused it to be considered as a weed in Jamaica. Because it is easily propagated and grows quickly, it has also been suggested that this species may be planted to reduce topsoil erosion in the initial stages of reforesting denuded areas, an intermediate step to be taken before introducing species that take longer to grow.
According to World Agroforestry Centre, this species is becoming an important part of farming practices in Africa. "G. sepium" has a combination of desirable properties. Because it fixes nitrogen in the soil, it boosts crop yields significantly without the expense of chemical fertilizers. In addition, it tolerates being cut back to crop height year after year. The trees go into a dormant state when they are cut back, so the root system is not competing straight away for the nutrients, and the crop is free to become established. The trees only really start to come out of the dormant phase when the crop is already tall.

</doc>
<doc id="19466179" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19466179" title="Hinkley Point C nuclear power station">
Hinkley Point C nuclear power station

Hinkley Point C nuclear power station is a project to construct a 3,200 MW two reactor nuclear power station in Somerset, England that has attracted controversy.
On 18 October 2010, the British government announced that Hinkley Point – already the site of the disused Hinkley Point A and the still operational Hinkley Point B power stations – was one of the eight sites it considered suitable for future nuclear power stations. Electricité de France (EDF) submitted an application for development consent to the Infrastructure Planning Commission on 31 October 2011. In October 2013 the government announced that it had approved subsidized feed-in prices for the electricity production of Hinkley Point C., with the plant scheduled to be completed in 2023 and remain operational for 60 years.
A protest group, Stop Hinkley, was formed to campaign for the closure of Hinkley Point B and oppose any expansion at the Hinkley Point site. In October 2011 more than 200 protesters blockaded the site. In December 2013 the European Commission opened an investigation to assess whether the project breaks state-aid rules with an initial critical report indicating the government's plan may well constitute illegal state aid.
History.
In 1994 Elizabeth Gass sold some 230 acres of her Fairfield estate at Hinkley Point for about £50 million. The land was earmarked for the development of a wind farm. The site may now be used for the construction of two new nuclear reactors at Hinkley Point C.
In January 2008 the UK government gave the go-ahead for a new generation of nuclear power stations to be built. Hinkley Point C, in conjunction with Sizewell C, could contribute 13% of UK electricity in the early 2020s.
Until November 2004 EDF was a French government corporation, but it is now a limited-liability corporation under private law ("société anonyme"). The French government partially floated shares of the company on the Paris Stock Exchange in November 2005, although it retains almost 85% ownership as of the end of 2007. The French-owned EDF bought EDF Energy Nuclear Generation Ltd, then known as British Energy, for £12.4 billion in a deal that was finalised in February 2009. This deal was part of a joint venture with UK utility Centrica, who acquired a 20% stake in EDF Energy Nuclear Generation Ltd as well as the option to participate in EDF Energy's UK new nuclear build programme.
In September 2008 EDF, the new owners of Hinkley Point B, announced plans to build a third, twin-unit European Pressurised Reactor (EPR) reactor at Hinkley Point,
to join Hinkley Point A (Magnox), which is now closed and being decommissioned, and the Hinkley Point B (AGR), which has a closure date for accounting purposes of 2016 but is likely to be closed much later.
In February 2013 Centrica withdrew from the new nuclear construction programme, citing building costs that were higher than it had anticipated, caused by larger generators at Hinkley Point C, and a longer construction timescale, caused by modifications added after the Fukushima disaster.
Permits and licences.
On 26 November 2012 it was announced that the UK Office for Nuclear Regulation (ONR) had awarded a nuclear site licence to NNB Generation Company, a subsidiary created by EDF Energy. This was the first nuclear site licence awarded for a nuclear power station in the UK since 1987, when one was granted for the construction of Sizewell B in Suffolk.
In March 2013, three environmental permits setting levels for emissions from the proposed power station were granted.
Throughout 2013 the operator has been in negotiations with the Department of Energy and Climate Change and other government agencies. A major sticking point has been a demand by EDF Energy for a guaranteed price for the electricity to be produced, which was aboubt twice the current UK electricity rates. The project is part of the UK's plans to implememt a fifty per cent cut in greenhouse gas emissions by the mid-2020s, which provide for building this and several other nuclear power plants. By 2013, the operator had invested about £1 billion in site preparation and other start-up costs. If built, the plant will produce about 7% of the UK's electricity needs. Total installation costs are supposed to be £14 billion.
On 19 March 2013, planning consent was given, but agreement on electricity pricing was still required before building could start.
On 21 October 2013, the government announced that it had approved the agreement of a strike price for the plant's electricity, a major condition for its construction.
Economics.
The UK wholesale electricity price in 2013 is about £48 per megawatt-hour. EDF has negotiated a guaranteed fixed price – a "strike price" – for electricity from Hinkley Point C of £92.50 per megawatt-hour (in 2012 prices), which will be adjusted (linked to inflation) during the construction period and over the subsequent 35 years tariff period. The price could fall to £89.50/MWh if a new plant at Sizewell is also approved. Research carried out by the Energy Policy Research Group at the University of Cambridge argues that no new nuclear power plants would be built in the UK without government intervention. The construction cost are estimated to be £16 billion 
Energy company analysts have described the strike price as 'economically insane': “as far as we can see this makes Hinkley Point the most expensive power station in the world... on a leveraged basis we expect EDF to earn a Return on Equity (ROE) well in excess of 20% and possibly as high as 35%. Having considered the known terms of the deal, we are flabbergasted that the UK Government has committed future generations of consumers to the costs that will flow from this deal".
Jim Ratcliffe, the chairman and chief executive officer of the Ineos chemicals group recently agreed a deal for nuclear power in France at £37.94 (45 Euros) per megawatt-hour. He said of the Hinkley Point C deal: 'Forget it. Nobody in manufacturing is going to go near £95 per Mwh'. Similarly, the Finnish company Fennovoima has signed a contract with the Russian company Rosatom to build a 1200 MW greenfield nuclear power plant, Hanhikivi I, in Pyhäjoki in northern Finland. The Finnish project is estimated to 'deliver electricity at “no more than €50 (£41) per megawatt-hour”' with planned completion in 2024 . The construction costs are more than twice that of two similar EPR reactors at Taishan, China, agreed in November 2007 at €8 billion (£6.7 billion) including 'supply of fuel to 2026 and other materials and services for them'.
The UK government strike price is lower for some renewables: £85 per megawatt-hour for sewage gas and £65 for landfill gas. The UK government draft strike price for large solar photo-voltaic is £110 per megawatt-hour in 2019. Independent estimates suggest that photo-voltaic prices will decline more sharply. Using US data to test Wright's hypothesis for the rate of improvement, Nagy et al. say the "expected PV cost in 2020, shown in Fig. 6, is 6 cents/kWh with a range (3, 12). In 2030 the cost is 2 cents/kWh, with a range (0.4, 11). This does not include the additional cost of energy storage technologies". Whereas the UK government photo-voltaic estimate falls by 3% per annum, the Nagy et al. estimate falls by 10% per annum. Photo-voltaic industry estimates agree there is 'huge potential for (PV) cost decline: around 50% until 2020'.
Hinkley Point C will provide baseload electricity, whereas solar requires storage. Other UK plants are soon-to-be closed.
In December 2013, the European Commission opened an investigation to assess whether the project breaks state-aid rules. Joaquin Almunia, the EU's Competition Commissioner, referred to the plans as "a complex measure of an unprecedented nature and scale" and says that the European Commission is not "not under any legal time pressure to complete the investigation". In January 2014 an initial critical report was published, indicating the government's plan may well constitute illegal state aid, requiring a formal state aid investigation examining the subsidies.
European Pressurised Reactor.
EDF plans to use two of Areva NP's EPR design, with a net power output each of 1,600 MWe (1,630 MWe gross). The first commercial EPR power stations are currently being built at Olkiluoto Nuclear Power Plant in Finland and Flamanville Nuclear Power Plant in France. These reactors were meant to lead a nuclear renaissance, but have been substantially delayed and are running over-budget. Two more EPR units, Taishan 1 & 2, are being built in China.
The Union of Concerned Scientists has referred to the European Pressurized Reactor, currently under construction in China, Finland and France, as the only new reactor design under consideration in the United States that "...appears to have the potential to be significantly safer and more secure against attack than today's reactors.". However, George Monbiot, a vocal supporter of nuclear power, says that "the clunky third-generation power station chosen for Hinkley C already looks outdated, beside the promise of integral fast reactors and liquid fluoride thorium reactors. While other power stations are consuming nuclear waste, Hinkley will be producing it." 
The EPR design can use 5% enriched uranium oxide fuel, optionally with up to 50% mixed uranium plutonium oxide fuel. The EPR is the evolutionary descendant of the Framatome N4 and Siemens Power Generation Division KONVOI reactors.
Public opinion.
In February 2013 a poll published by Ipsos MORI which queried 1046 British individuals determined that support for new nuclear generation capacity was at 42% of the population. With the proportion of the population opposed to new nuclear generation being reported as unchanged at 20%, close to the lowest recorded proportion, by the agency in 2010, of 19% opposed. The results also report that the proportion of the population that was undecided or neutral had increased, and it stood at 38%.
In July 2012 a YouGov poll reported that 63% of UK respondents agreed that nuclear generation should be part of the country's energy mix, up from 61% in 2010. Opposition fell to 11%.
In 2013, a survey by Harris Interactive of more than 2000 UK respondents found that 'one in four people (24%) considered nuclear power to offer the greatest potential' alongside solar (23%) and ahead of wind power (18%). Immediately following the announcement of the agreement between EDF and the government, 35% considered it to be a positive step, 21% felt it was a negative development and 28% were indifferent.
Protest groups.
A protest group, Stop Hinkley, was formed to campaign for the closure of Hinkley Point B and oppose any expansion at the Hinkley Point site or elsewhere in the Bristol Channel and Severn Estuary. The group is reportedly concerned that the new generation of power stations will store nuclear waste on site until a permanent repository is found – claiming this is an unknown length of time and, could potentially take decades. The group issued a press release opposing any plans for a new power station on 24 September 2008, when it was announced that EDF had offered to acquire British Energy, the protest group has acknowledged that opposition in the local area is by no means unanimous.
In October 2011 more than 200 protesters blockaded the site. Members of several anti-nuclear groups that are part of the Stop New Nuclear alliance barred access to Hinkley Point power station in protest at EDF Energy's plans to renew the site with two new reactors.
In February 2012 about seven protesters set up camp in an abandoned farmhouse on the site of the proposed Hinkley Point C nuclear power station. They were reportedly "angry West Somerset Council has given EDF Energy the go-ahead for preparatory work before planning permission has been granted". The group also claimed that a nature reserve is at risk from the proposals.
On 10 March 2012, the first anniversary of the Fukushima nuclear disaster, two hundred anti-nuclear campaigners formed a symbolic chain around Hinkley Point to voice their opposition to new nuclear power plants, and to call on the coalition government to hold back on its plan for seven other new nuclear plants across the UK. The human chain was planned to continue for 24 hours, with the activists blocking the main Hinkley Point entrance.
1980s PWR proposal.
An earlier proposal for a Hinkley Point C power station was made by the Central Electricity Generating Board in the 1980s for a sister power station to Sizewell B, using the same pressurised water reactor design, at a cost of £1.7 billion. This proposal obtained planning permission in 1990 following a public enquiry, but was dropped as uneconomic in the early 1990s when the electric power industry was privatised and low interest rate government finance was no longer available.

</doc>
<doc id="19466194" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19466194" title="Cynfrig ap Madog">
Cynfrig ap Madog

Cynfrig ap Madog (fl. 1283) was constable of Castell-y-Bere in the kingdom of Gwynedd, Wales, during the Anglo-Welsh war of 1282-3 that culminated in the loss of Welsh independence. The castle was besieged by an English force under the command of William de Valance on 15 April; on 21 April his men were supplemented by those of Roger Lestrange. On the following day, the pair negotiated for the surrender of the castle by Cynfrig, offering £80 if the defenders yielded within a week. He seemingly agreed, for the castle was surrendered on 25 April and a payment of £53 made, but the prince of Wales, Dafydd ap Gruffudd, was not in it; he apparently escaped during the siege, and was not captured until 22 June. There are no further references to Cynfrig. The siege over which he presided was the longest of a native Welsh castle during the war.

</doc>
<doc id="19466199" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19466199" title="Fareisa Joemmanbaks">
Fareisa Joemmanbaks

Fareisa Rouella Joemmanbaks (born 2 October 1984) is a Surinamese model and actress. In 2006, she was crowned Miss India Suriname, and the following year in Fords, New Jersey to Miss India Worldwide 2007, for the South Africa Anse Nadia Vorajee and Canadian Sapna Sehravat. 
Joemmanbaks played in the Dutch-Indian film "Saiyaan Chitchor", which they interpreted the role of Amisha. It was her first appearance as an actress. In 2012, she appeared in the Malayalam language Indian film "Annum Innum Ennum" (Then, Now and Forever).

</doc>
<doc id="19466200" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19466200" title="Gliricidia">
Gliricidia

Gliricidia is a genus of flowering plants in the legume family, Fabaceae. It belongs to the sub family Faboideae. It is a small, deciduous, ornamental tree. The tree is leafless when in flower and bears fruits during April and May in India and countries with same climate. The small flowers (barely 2 cm long) are pale pink and they are borne in dense clusters on bare twigs. Flowers fade to white or a faint purple with age. The flowers attract a lot of bees and some lycaenid butterflies—particularly the Peablue "Lampides boeticus" and other native birds.

</doc>
<doc id="19466237" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19466237" title="Padmanabhan Nair">
Padmanabhan Nair

Kalamandalam Padmanabhan Nair (1927–2007) was an eminent Kathakali exponent, equally known for his capacities as a tutor, theoretician and author of a few authentic texts on the classical dance-drama from Kerala in south India. A son of the Kathakali guru Pattikkamthodi Ravunni Menon, Padmanabhan Nair was one of the early-batch students in Kerala Kalamandalam, where he subsequently joined as a teacher and retired as its principal in 1990. He died on April 3, 2007, at his home in Shoranur, near his alma mater, where he led his post-professorial life with wife and Mohiniyattam exponent and guru, Kalamandalam Sathyabhama.
Early life.
Padmanabhan Nair was born on October 7, 1927 in Kuruvattoor near the Kathakali village of Vellinezhi in the erstwhile Valluvanad territory, now in Palakkad district. After primary schooling, he joined Kalamandalam when he was ten years old. His master was his father, under whom he learnt the art form for over a decade. Srikrishnan in the classical storyplay Subhadraharanam was his debut stage. Padmanabhan Nair also underwent Kathakali studies at the PSV Natyasangham, Kottakkal, before being recruited in Kalamandalam in 1951.
Publications.
Padmanabhan Nair has co-authored a book on his father-guru Pattikkamthodi. But his more weighty works are 'Kathakali Vesham' (1980) and 'Cholliyattam' (2000), both two-volume tomes that deal with the grammar and aesthetics of classical storyplays in the highly evolved Kalluvazhi school of Kathakali of north-central Kerala. His another book is Attakkatha Saram which contains the saram of seventeen Attakkathas. He was a winner of the Government of India's Central Sangeet Natak Akademi award (1994) and the Kerala government's Kathakali Purasakaram (2006).

</doc>
<doc id="19466294" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19466294" title="1967 FIBA Intercontinental Cup">
1967 FIBA Intercontinental Cup

The 1967 Intercontinental Basketball Cup took place at Varese, Naples & Rome. From the FIBA European Champions Cup participated Simmenthal Milano, Slavia Prague, and Ignis Varèse. From the South American Club Championship participated SC Corinthians, and from the NABL participated the Akron Wingfoots.
Final standings.
<onlyinclude>
</onlyinclude>

</doc>
<doc id="19466304" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19466304" title="List of the Mahabharata tribes">
List of the Mahabharata tribes

Thehe Sanskrit epic Mahabharata contains several enumeration of tribes or clans.
The earliest terms used "clan" or "tribe" in Vedic Sanskrit were "jana" and "vis". Heinrich Zimmer regarded the word "vis" to denote a social structure identical with the English "tribe", and different from a "grama" which, he considered, represented a "clan"—midway between "family" ("kula") and tribe. AC Das believed, on the other hand, that: an aggregation of Vedic families formed a "gotra"; a group of "gotras" constituted a "gosthi"; and a group of "gosthis" became a "grama". 
A "vis" comprised a number of these "gramas" and denotes a territorial "district". In Das' opinion, "jana" more properly designates a tribe, which was an association of neighbouring districts.
Broadly, there are four principal lists in "Mahabharata":

</doc>
<doc id="19466306" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19466306" title="Arctostaphylos klamathensis">
Arctostaphylos klamathensis

Arctostaphylos klamathensis, with the common name Klamath manzanita, is a species of manzanita. It is endemic to the Klamath Mountains of far northern California, where it was first described during an ecological survey in Cedar Basin near the border between Siskiyou and Trinity Counties in 1982. 
Description.
The "Arctostaphylos klamathensis" is a low-lying, matted shrub forming tangles and mounds no taller than one half meter. Its foliage and twigs are coated with glandular bristles. The leaves are dull, rough, and up to 3.5 centimeters long. The inflorescence is a rounded cluster of manzanita flowers, and it bears spherical drupes with seeds fused into a single hard body.
Habitat.
"Arctostaphylos klamathensis" is a resident of open areas in the forest and the local mountain chaparral plant community, where it is the dominant shrub in some spots. 

</doc>
<doc id="19466331" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19466331" title="Peter Florin">
Peter Florin

Peter Florin (2 October 1921 – 17 February 2014) was an East German politician and diplomat.
Early life.
Florin was born in Cologne on 2 October 1921. His father, Wilhelm Florin, was a leading figure in the pre-war Communist Party of Germany.
Florin left Germany with his parents in 1933, when Adolf Hitler came to power and began persecuting Communists, moving first to France and then to the Soviet Union, where he attended the Karl Liebknecht School. There, he studied chemistry at the University of Mendeleyev.
During the Second World War, he fought with the Soviet partisans in Belarus. In 1944, Florin became editor of "Freies Deutschland", a weekly anti-Nazi newspaper. At the end of the war, he returned to Germany as a member of the Ackermann Group, one of the regional groups sent to lay the groundwork for the Soviet Military Administration in Germany.
Career.
Following the war, Florin entered politics in the German Democratic Republic and served as vice-president of the regional parliament of Wittenberg, while working as chief editor of the daily newspaper "Freiheit". Then, from 1949 to 1952, he was an advisor for the East German ministry of foreign affairs. In 1953, he was promoted to the head of the department of foreign affairs of the Socialist Unity Party of Germany's central committee. From 1954 to 1971, he was a member of the country's parliamentary committee on foreign affairs, which he presided over for a time.
From 1967 to 1969, Florin was East Germany's ambassador to Czechoslovakia. He openly supported the Russian crushing of the Prague Spring uprising in 1968. In 1969, he was named secretary of state and first deputy foreign minister.
From 1973 to 1982, Florin was the German Democratic Republic's permanent representative to the United Nations. In 1982, he became president of the national commission for UNESCO in East Germany. In 1987 and 1988, he presided over the forty-second session of the United Nations General Assembly.
Personal life.
Peter Florin was married, and had three children. His wife Edel was, in the late 1980s, a professor of Russian literature at Humboldt University in East Berlin.
Florin spoke fluent German, Russian and English, and good French. During his presidency of the United Nations General Assembly, he was, according to the "New York Times", "nicknamed 'Comrade Glasnost' by delegates, who s him as a symbol of the modern Communist of the Gorbachev era".
He died aged 92 in 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="19466334" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19466334" title="Iso (album)">
Iso (album)

Iso is a 1994 album by Ismaël Lô. The album was met with critical acclaim in France, and Lo toured Africa the following year in support of the release. The album contains soft guitar melodies, and traditional Senegalese mbalax.

</doc>
<doc id="19466336" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19466336" title="British Army during World War I">
British Army during World War I

The British Army during World War I fought the largest and most costly war in its long history. Unlike the French and German Armies, its units were made up exclusively of volunteers—as opposed to conscripts—at the beginning of the conflict. Furthermore, the British Army was considerably smaller than its French and German counterparts.
During the war, there were three distinct British Armies. The "first" army was the small volunteer force of 400,000 soldiers, over half of which were posted overseas to garrison the British Empire. This total included the Regular Army and reservists in the Territorial Force. Together, they formed the British Expeditionary Force (BEF), which was formed for service in France and became known as the Old Contemptibles. The 'second' army was Kitchener's Army, formed from the volunteers in 1914–1915 destined to go into action at the Battle of the Somme. The 'third' was formed after the introduction of conscription in January 1916, and by the end of 1918, the army had reached its maximum strength of 4,000,000 men and could field over 70 divisions. The vast majority of the army fought in the main theatre of war on the Western Front in France and Belgium against the German Empire. Some units were engaged in Italy and Salonika against Austria-Hungary and the Bulgarian Army, while other units fought in the Middle East, Africa and Mesopotamia—mainly against the Ottoman Empire—and one battalion fought alongside the Japanese Army in China during the Siege of Tsingtao.
The war also posed problems for the army commanders, given that prior to 1914, the largest formation any serving General in the BEF had commanded on operations was a division. The expansion of the army saw some officers promoted from brigade to corps commander in less than a year. Army commanders also had to cope with the new tactics and weapons that were developed. With the move from manoeuvre to trench warfare, both the infantry and the artillery had to learn how to work together. During an offensive, and when in defence, they learned how to combine forces to defend the front line. Later in the war, when the Machine Gun Corps and the Tank Corps were added to the order of battle, they were also included in the new tactical doctrine.
The men at the front had to struggle with supply problems; the shortage of food and disease was rife in the damp, rat-infested conditions. Along with enemy action, many troops had to contend with new diseases: trench foot, trench fever and trench nephritis. When the war ended in 1918, British Army casualties, as the result of enemy action and disease, were recorded as 673,375 dead and missing, with another 1,643,469 wounded. The rush to demobilise at the end of the war substantially decreased the strength of the army, from its peak of 4,000,000 men in 1918 to 370,000 men by 1920.
Organization.
The British Army during World War I could trace its organisation to the increasing demands of imperial expansion. The framework was the voluntary system of recruitment and the regimental system, which had been defined by the Cardwell and Childers Reforms of the late 19th century. The Army had been prepared and primarily called upon for Empire matters and the ensuing colonial wars. In the last years of the 19th century, the Army was involved in a major conflict, the Second Boer War (1899–1902), which highlighted shortcomings in its tactics, leadership and administration. The 1904 Esher Report recommended radical reform, such as the creation of an Army Council, a General Staff, the abolition of the office of Commander-in-Chief of the Forces, and the creation of a Chief of the General Staff. The Haldane Reforms of 1907 formally created an Expeditionary Force of seven divisions, reorganised the volunteers into a new Territorial Force of fourteen cavalry brigades and fourteen infantry divisions, and changed the old militia into the Special Reserve to reinforce the expeditionary force.
At the outbreak of the war in August 1914, the British regular army was a small professional force. It consisted of 247,432 regular troops organised in four Guards and 68 line infantry regiments, 31 cavalry regiments, artillery and other support arms. Each infantry regiment had two regular battalions, one of which served at home and provided drafts and reinforcements to the other which was stationed overseas, while also being prepared to be part of the Expeditionary Force. Almost half of the regular army (74 of the 157 infantry battalions and 12 of the 31 cavalry regiments), was stationed overseas in garrisons throughout the British Empire. The Royal Flying Corps was part of the Army until 1918. At the outbreak of the war, it consisted of 84 aircraft.
The regularArmy was supported by the Territorial Force, and by reservists. In August 1914, there were three forms of reserves. The Army Reserve of retired soldiers was 145,350 strong. They were paid 3 Shillings and 6 pence a week (17.5 pence) worth about £70 per week in 2013 terms, and had to attend 12 training days per year. The Special Reserve had another 64,000 men and was a form of part-time soldiering, similar to the Territorial Force. A Special Reservist had an initial six months full-time training and was paid the same as a regular soldier during this period; they had three or four weeks training per year thereafter. The National Reserve had some 215,000 men, who were on a register which was maintained by Territorial Force County Associations; these men had military experience, but no other reserve obligation.
The regulars and reserves—at least on paper—totalled a mobilised force of almost 700,000 men, although only 150,000 men were immediately available to be formed into the British Expeditionary Force (BEF) that was sent to the continent. This consisted of six infantry divisions and one of cavalry. By contrast, the French Army in 1914 mobilized 1,650,000 troops and 62 infantry divisions, while the German Army mobilized 1,850,000 troops and 87 infantry divisions.
Britain, therefore, began the war with six regular and 14 reserve divisions. During the war, a further six regular, 14 Territorial, 36 Kitchener's Army and six other divisions, including the Naval Division from the Royal Navy were formed.
In 1914, each British infantry division consisted of three infantry brigades each of four battalions, with two machine guns per battalion, (24 in the division). They also had three field artillery brigades with 54 18-pounder guns, one field howitzer brigade with eighteen howitzers, one heavy artillery battery with four 60-pounder guns, two engineer field companies, one signals company, one cavalry squadron, one cyclist company, three field ambulances, four Army Service Corps horse-drawn transport companies and divisional headquarters support detachments.
The single cavalry division assigned to the BEF in 1914 consisted of 15 cavalry regiments in five brigades. They were armed with rifles, unlike their French and German counterparts, who were only armed with the shorter range carbine. The cavalry division also had a high allocation of artillery compared to foreign cavalry divisions, with 24 13-pounder guns organised into two brigades and two machine guns for each regiment. When dismounted, the cavalry division was the equivalent of two weakened infantry brigades with less artillery than the infantry division. By 1916, there were five cavalry divisions, each of three brigades, serving in France, the 1st, 2nd, 3rd divisions in the Cavalry Corps and the 1st and 2nd Indian Cavalry Divisions in the Indian Cavalry Corps, each brigade in the Indian cavalry corps contained a British cavalry regiment.
Over the course of the war, the composition of the infantry division gradually changed, and there was an increased emphasis upon providing the infantry divisions with organic fire support. By 1918, a British division consisted of three infantry brigades, each of three battalions. Each of these battalions had 36 Lewis machine guns, making a total of 324 such weapons in the division. Additionally, there was a divisional machine gun battalion, equipped with 64 Vickers machine guns in four companies of 16 guns. Each brigade in the division also had a mortar battery with eight Stokes Mortars. The artillery also changed the composition of its batteries. At the start of the war, there were three batteries with six guns per brigade; they then moved to four batteries with four guns per brigade, and finally in 1917, to four batteries with six guns per brigade to economise on battery commanders. In this way, the army would change drastically over the course of the war, reacting to the various developments, from the mobile war fought in the opening weeks to the static trench warfare of 1916 and 1917. The cavalry of the BEF represented 9.28% of the army; by July 1918, it would only represent 1.65%. The infantry would decrease from 64.64% in 1914 to 51.25% of the army in 1918, while the Royal Engineers would increase from 5.91% to 11.24% in 1918.
British Expeditionary Force.
Under the terms of the Entente Cordiale, the British Army's role in a European war was to embark soldiers of the British Expeditionary Force (BEF), which consisted of six infantry divisions and five cavalry brigades that were arranged into two Army corps: I Corps, under the command of Douglas Haig, and II Corps, under the command of Horace Smith-Dorrien. At the outset of the conflict, the British Indian Army was called upon for assistance; in August 1914, 20 percent of the 9,610 British officers initially sent to France were from the Indian army, while 16 percent of the 76,450 other ranks came from the British Indian Army.
German Emperor Kaiser Wilhelm—who was famously dismissive of the BEF—issued an order on 19 August 1914 to "exterminate...the treacherous English and walk over General French's contemptible little army". Hence, in later years, the survivors of the regular army dubbed themselves "The Old Contemptibles". By the end of 1914 (after the battles of Mons, Le Cateau, the Aisne and Ypres), the old regular British Army had been virtually wiped out; although it managed to stop the German advance.
In October 1914, the 7th Division arrived in France, forming the basis of the British III Corps; the cavalry had grown into its own corps of three divisions. By December 1914, the BEF had expanded, fielding five army corps divided between the First and the Second Armies. As the Regular Army's strength declined, the numbers were made up— first by the Territorial Force, then by the volunteers of Field Marshal Kitchener's, New Army. By the end of August 1914, he had raised six new divisions; by March 1915, the number of divisions had increased to 29. The Territorial Force was also expanded, raising second and third battalions and forming eight new divisions, which supplemented its peacetime strength of 14 divisions. The Third Army was formed in July 1915 and with the influx of troops from Kitchener's volunteers and further reorganisation, the Fourth Army and the Reserve Army, which became the Fifth Army were formed in 1916.
Recruitment and conscription.
In August 1914, 300,000 men had signed up to fight, and another 450,000 had joined-up by the end of September. Recruitment remained fairly steady through 1914 and early 1915, but it fell dramatically during the later years, especially after the Somme campaign, which resulted in 360,000 casualties. A prominent feature of the early months of volunteering was the formation of Pals battalions. Many of these pals who had lived and worked together, joined up and trained together and were allocated to the same units. The policy of drawing recruits from amongst the local population ensured that, when the Pals battalions suffered casualties, whole towns, villages, neighbourhoods and communities back in Britain were to suffer disproportionate losses. With the introduction of conscription in January 1916, no further Pals battalions were raised. Conscription for single men was introduced in January 1916. Four months later, in May 1916, it was extended to all men aged 18 to 41. The "Military Service Act March 1916" specified that men from the ages of 18 to 41 were liable to be called up for service in the army, unless they were married (or widowed with children), or served in one of a number of reserved occupations, which were usually industrial but which also included clergymen and teachers. This legislation did not apply to Ireland, despite its then status as part of the United Kingdom (but see Conscription Crisis of 1918). By January 1916, when conscription was introduced, 2.6 million men had volunteered for service, a further 2.3 million were conscripted before the end of the war; by the end of 1918, the army had reached its peak strength of four million men.
Women also volunteered and served in a non-combatant role; by the end of the war, 80,000 had enlisted. They mostly served as nurses in the Queen Alexandra’s Imperial Military Nursing Service (QAIMNS), the First Aid Nursing Yeomanry (FANY), the Voluntary Aid Detachment (VAD); and from 1917, in the Army when the Queen Mary's Army Auxiliary Corps (WAAC), was founded. The WAAC was divided into four sections: cookery; mechanical; clerical and miscellaneous. Most stayed on the Home Front, but around 9,000 served in France.
Commanders.
In 1914, no serving British officer of the British Expeditionary Force (BEF) had controlled a formation larger than a division on active operations. The first Commander in Chief of the BEF appointed in August 1914 was Field Marshal John French. His last active command had been the cavalry division in the Second Boer War.
The commander of the British I Corps in 1914 was Douglas Haig. French had remarked in 1912 that Haig would be better suited to a position on the staff than a field command. Like French, Haig was a cavalryman. His last active command had been during the Second Boer War, first as a senior staff officer in the cavalry division, then commanding a brigade-sized group of columns. The first commander of the British II Corps was Lieutenant General James Grierson, a noted tactician who died of a heart attack soon after arriving in France. French wished to appoint Lieutenant General Herbert Plumer in his place, but against French's wishes, Kitchener instead appointed Lieutenant General Horace Smith-Dorrien, who had begun his military career in the Zulu War in 1879 and was one of only five officers to survive the battle of Isandlwana. He had built a formidable reputation as an infantry commander during the Sudan Campaign and the Second Boer War. After the Second Boer War, he was responsible for a number of reforms, notably forcing an increase in dismounted training for the cavalry. This was met with hostility by French (as a cavalryman). By 1914, French's dislike for Smith-Dorrien was well known within the army.
After the failed offensive at the Battle of Loos in 1915, French was replaced as commander of the BEF by Haig, who remained in command for the rest of the war. He became most famous for his role as its commander during the battle of the Somme, the battle of Passchendaele, and the Hundred Days Offensive, the series of victories leading to the German surrender in 1918. Haig was succeeded in command of the First Army by General Charles Carmichael Monro, who in turn was succeeded by General Henry Horne in September 1916, the only officer with an artillery background to command a British army during the war.
General Plumer was eventually appointed to command II Corps in December 1914, and succeeded Smith-Dorrien in command of the Second Army in 1915. He had commanded a mounted infantry detachment in the Second Boer war, where he started to build his reputation. He held command of the Ypres salient for three years and gained an overwhelming victory over the German Army at the battle of Messines in 1917. Plumer is generally recognised as one of the most effective of the senior British commanders on the Western Front.
In 1914, General Edmund Allenby was commander of the Cavalry Division and later the Cavalry Corps in the BEF. His leadership was noted during the retreat from Mons and the first battle of Ypres. After commanding an infantry corps, he was appointed to command the Third Army on the western front. He had previously served in the Zulu War, the Sudan campaign, and the Second Boer war. In 1917, he was given command of the Egyptian Expeditionary Force, where he oversaw the conquest of Palestine and Syria in 1917 and 1918. Allenby replaced Archibald Murray, who had been the Chief of Staff of the British Expeditionary Force in France in 1914.
Allenby was replaced as Third Army commander by General Julian Byng, who began the war as commander of the 3rd Cavalry Division. After performing well during the First Battle of Ypres, he succeeded Allenby in command of the Cavalry Corps. He was sent to the Dardanelles in August 1915, to command the British IX Corps. He planned the highly successful evacuation of 105,000 Allied troops and the majority of the equipment of the Mediterranean Expeditionary Force (MEF). The withdrawal was successfully completed in January 1916, without the loss of a single man. Byng had already returned to the western front, where he was given command of the Canadian Corps. His most notable battle was the battle of Vimy ridge in April 1917, which was carried out by the Canadian Corps with British support.
General Henry Rawlinson served on Kitchener's staff during the advance on Omdurman, in 1898, and served with distinction in the Second Boer War, where he earned a reputation as one of the most able British commanders. Rawlinson took command of the British IV Corps in 1914 and then command of the Fourth Army in 1916, as the plans for the Allied offensive on the Somme were being developed. During the war, Rawlinson was noted for his willingness to use innovative tactics, which he employed during the battle of Amiens, where he combined attacks by tanks with artillery.
General Hubert Gough commanded a mounted infantry regiment with distinction during the relief of Ladysmith, but his command was destroyed while attacking a larger Boer force in 1901. When he joined the BEF, he was in command of the 3rd Cavalry Brigade, and was promoted from a brigade to a corps command in less than a year. He was given command of the 2nd Cavalry Division in September 1914, the 7th Division in April 1915, and the British I Corps in July 1915. He commanded I Corps during the battle of Loos. In May 1916, he was appointed commander of the Fifth Army, which suffered heavy losses at the battle of Passchendaele. The collapse of the Fifth Army was widely viewed as the reason for the German breakthrough in the Spring Offensive, and Gough was dismissed as its commander in March 1918, being succeeded by General William Birdwood for the last months of the war. Birdwood had previously commanded the Australian Corps, an appointment requiring a combination of tact and tactical flair.
On the Macedonian front, General George Milne commanded the British Salonika Army, and General Ian Hamilton commanded the ill-fated MEF during the Gallipoli Campaign. He had previously seen service in the First Boer War, the Sudan campaign, and the Second Boer War.
Back in Britain, Chief of the Imperial General Staff (CIGS), effectively the professional commander of the British Army, was General James Murray, who retained that post during the early years of the war. He was replaced as CIGS in 1916 by General William Robertson. A strong supporter of Haig, Robertson was replaced in 1918, by General Henry Hughes Wilson.
Officer selection.
In August 1914, there were 28,060 officers in the British Army, of which 12,738 were regular officers, the rest were in the reserves. The number of officers in the army had increased to 164,255 by November 1918. These were survivors among the 247,061 officers who had been granted a commission during the war.
Most pre-war officers came from families with military connections, the gentry or the peerage; a public school education was almost essential. In 1913, about 2% of regular officers had been promoted from the ranks. The officer corps, during the war, consisted of regular officers from the peacetime army, officers who had been granted permanent commissions during the war, officers who had been granted temporary commissions for the duration of the war, territorial army officers commissioned during peacetime, officers commissioned from the ranks of the pre-war regular and territorial army and temporary officers commissioned from the ranks for the duration of the war alone.
In September 1914, Lord Kitchener announced that he was looking for volunteers and regular NCOs to provide officers for the expanding army. Most of the volunteers came from the middle class, with the largest group from commercial and clerical occupations (27%), followed by teachers and students (18%) and professional men (15%). In March 1915, it was discovered that 12,290 men serving in the ranks had been members of a university or public school Officers' Training Corps (OTC). Most applied for and were granted commissions, while others who did not apply were also commissioned. Direct commissioning largely ceased early in 1916, from then most new officers had served in the ranks first, even if in a unit of potential officers.
Once a candidate was selected as an officer, promotion could be rapid. A. S. Smeltzer was commissioned as a Second Lieutenant in 1915, after serving in the Regular Army for 15 years. He rose in rank, and by the Spring of 1917 had been promoted to Lieutenant Colonel and was commanding officer of the 6th Battalion, The Buffs (Royal East Kent Regiment).
Along with rapid promotion, the war also noticeably lowered the age of battalion commanding officers. In 1914, they were aged over 50, while the average age for a battalion commanding officer in the BEF between 1917 and 1918 was 28. By this stage, it was official policy that men over 35 were no longer eligible to command battalions. This trend was reflected amongst the junior officers. Anthony Eden was the Adjutant of a battalion when aged 18, and served as the Brigade Major in the 198th Brigade while still only aged 20.
The war also provided opportunities for advancement onto the General Staff, especially in the early days, when many former senior officers were recalled from retirement. Some of these were found wanting, due to their advanced age, their unwillingness to serve, or a lack of competence and fitness; most were sent back into retirement before the first year of the war was over, leaving a gap that had to be filled by lower-ranking officers. Criticism of the quality of staff work in the Crimean War and the Second Boer War had led to sweeping changes under Haldane. The Staff College, Camberley was greatly expanded and Lord Kitchener established another staff college at Quetta for Indian Army officers in 1904. Nonetheless, when war broke out in August 1914, there were barely enough graduates to staff the BEF. Four-month-long staff courses were introduced, and filled with regimental officers who, upon completing their training, were posted to various headquarters. As a result, staff work was again poor, until training and experience slowly remedied the situation. In 1918, staff officers who had been trained exclusively for static trench warfare were forced to adapt to the demands of semi-open warfare.
During the course of the war, 78 British and Dominion officers of the rank of Brigadier-General and above were killed or died during active service, while another 146 were wounded, gassed, or captured.
Doctrine.
British official historian Brigadier James Edward Edmonds, in 1925, recorded that "The British Army of 1914 was the best trained, best equipped and best organized British Army ever sent to war". This was in part due to the Haldane reforms, and the Army itself recognising the need for change and training. Training began with individual training in winter, followed by squadron, company or battery training in spring; regimental, battalion and brigade training in summer; and division or inter-divisional exercises and army manoeuvres in late summer and autumn. The common doctrine of headquarters at all levels was outlined in the "Field Service Pocket Book", which Haig had introduced while serving as Director of Staff Studies at the War Office in 1906.
The Second Boer War had alerted the army to the dangers posed by fire zones that were covered by long-range, magazine-fed rifles. In the place of volley firing and frontal attacks, there was a greater emphasis on advancing in extended order, the use of available cover, the use of artillery to support the attack, flank and converging attacks and fire and movement. The Army expected units to advance as far as possible in a firing line without opening fire, both to conceal their positions and conserve ammunition, then to attack in successive waves, closing with the enemy decisively.
The cavalry practised reconnaissance and fighting dismounted more regularly, and in January 1910, the decision was made at the General Staff Conference that dismounted cavalry should be taught infantry tactics in attack and defence. They were the only cavalry from a major European power trained for both the mounted cavalry charge and dismounted action, and equipped with the same rifles as the infantry, rather than short-range carbines. The cavalry were also issued with entrenching tools prior to the outbreak of war, as a result of experience gained during the Second Boer War.
The infantry's marksmanship, and fire and movement techniques, had been inspired by Boer tactics and was established as formal doctrine by Colonel Charles Monro when he was in charge of the School of Musketry at Shorncliffe. In 1914, British rifle fire was so effective that there were some reports to the effect that the Germans believed they were facing huge numbers of machine guns. The Army concentrated on rifle practice, with days spent on the ranges dedicated to improving marksmanship and obtaining a rate of fire of 15 effective rounds a minute at ; one sergeant set a record of 38 rounds into a target set at in 30 seconds. In their 1914 skill-at-arms meeting, the 1st Battalion Black Watch recorded 184 marksmen, 263 first-class shots, 89 second-class shots and four third-class shots, at ranges from . The infantry also practised squad and section attacks and fire from cover, often without orders from officers or NCOs, so that soldiers would be able to act on their own initiative. In the last exercise before the war, it was noted that the "infantry made wonderful use of ground, advances in short rushes and always at the double and almost invariably fires from a prone position".
Weapons.
The British Army was armed with the Short Magazine Lee-Enfield Mk III (SMLE Mk III), which featured a bolt-action and large magazine capacity that enabled a trained rifleman to fire 20–30 aimed rounds a minute. World War I accounts tell of British troops repelling German attackers, who subsequently reported that they had encountered machine guns, when in fact, it was simply a group of trained riflemen armed with SMLEs. The heavy Vickers machine gun proved itself to be the most reliable weapon on the battlefield, with some of its feats of endurance entering military mythology. One account tells of the action by the 100th Company of the Machine Gun Corps at High Wood on 24 August 1916. This company had 10 Vickers guns; it was ordered to give sustained covering fire for 12 hours onto a selected area away, in order to prevent German troops forming up there for a counterattack while a British attack was in progress. Two companies of infantry were allocated as ammunition, rations and water carriers for the gunners. Two men worked a belt–filling machine non–stop for 12 hours, keeping up a supply of 250-round belts. They used 100 new barrels and all of the water—including the men’s drinking water and the contents of the latrine buckets—to keep the guns cool. In that 12-hour period, the 10 guns fired just short of one million rounds between them. One team is reported to have fired 120,000. At the close of the operation, it is alleged that every gun was working perfectly and that not one had broken down during the whole period.
The lighter Lewis gun was adopted for land and aircraft use in October 1915. The Lewis gun had the advantage of being about 80% faster to build than the Vickers, and far more portable. By the end of World War I, over 50,000 Lewis Guns had been produced; they were nearly ubiquitous on the Western Front, outnumbering the Vickers gun by a ratio of about 3:1.
The Stokes Mortar was rapidly developed when it became clear that some type of weapon was needed to provide artillery-like fire support to the infantry. The weapon was fully man-transportable yet also capable of firing reasonably powerful shells at targets beyond the range of rifle grenades.
Finally, the Mark I tank—a British invention—was seen as the solution to the stalemate of trench warfare. The Mark I had a range of without refuelling, and a speed of ; it first saw service on the Somme in September 1916.
Infantry tactics.
After the "race to the sea", manoeuvre warfare gave way to trench warfare, a development for which the British Army had not prepared. Expecting an offensive mobile war, the Army had not instructed the troops in defensive tactics and had failed to obtain stocks of barbed wire, hand grenades, or trench mortars. In the early years of trench warfare, the normal infantry attack formation was based on the battalion, which comprised four companies that were each made up of four platoons. The battalion would form 10 waves with between each, while each company formed two waves of two platoons. The first six waves were the fighting elements from three of the battalions' companies, the seventh contained the battalion headquarters; the remaining company formed the eighth and ninth waves, which were expected to carry equipment forward, the tenth wave contained the stretcher bearers and medics. The formation was expected to move forward at a rate of every two minutes, even though each man carried his rifle, bayonet, gas mask, ammunition, two hand grenades, wire cutters, a spade, two empty sandbags and flares. The carrying platoons, in addition to the above, also carried extra ammunition, barbed wire and construction materials to effect repairs to captured lines and fortifications.
By 1918, experience had led to a change in tactics; the infantry no longer advanced in rigid lines, but formed a series of flexible waves. They would move covertly, under the cover of darkness, and occupy shell holes or other cover near the German line. Skirmishers formed the first wave and followed the creeping barrage into the German front line to hunt out points of resistance. The second or main wave followed in platoons or sections in single file. The third was formed from small groups of reinforcements, the fourth wave was expected to defend the captured territory. All waves were expected to take advantage of the ground during the advance. (see below for when operating with tanks)
Each platoon now had a Lewis gun section and a section that specialised in throwing hand-grenades (then known as bombs), each section was compelled to provide two scouts to carry out reconnaissance duties. Each platoon was expected to provide mutual fire support in the attack they were to advance, without halting; but leap frogging was accepted, with the lead platoon taking an objective and the following platoons passing through them and onto the next objective, while the Lewis gunners provided fire support. Grenades were used for clearing trenches and dugouts, each battalion carried forward two trench mortars to provide fire support.
Tank tactics.
The tank was designed to break the deadlock of trench warfare. In their first use on the Somme, they were placed under command of the infantry and ordered to attack their given targets in groups or pairs. They were also assigned small groups of troops, who served as an escort while providing close defence against enemy attacks. Only nine tanks reached the German lines to engage machine gun emplacements and troop concentrations. On the way, 14 broke down or were ditched, another 10 were damaged by enemy fire.
In 1917, during the battle of Cambrai, the Tank Corps adopted new tactics. Three tanks working together would advance in a triangle formation, with the two rear tanks providing cover for an infantry platoon. The tanks were to create gaps in the barbed wire for the accompanying infantry to pass through, then use their armament to suppress the German strong points. The effectiveness of tank–infantry cooperation was demonstrated during the battle, when Major General George Montague Harper of the 51st (Highland) Division refused to cooperate with the tanks, a decision that compelled them to move forward without any infantry support; the result was the destruction of more than 12 tanks by German artillery sighted behind bunkers.
The situation had changed again by 1918, when tank attacks would have one tank every 100 or , with a tank company of 12–16 tanks per objective. One section of each company would be out in front, with the remainder of the company following behind and each tank providing protection for an infantry platoon, who were instructed to advance, making use of available cover and supported by machine gun fire. When the tanks came across an enemy strong point, they would engage the defenders, forcing them into shelter and leaving them to the devices of the following infantry.
Artillery tactics.
Prior to the war, the artillery worked independently and was taught to support the infantry to ensure a successful attack. In 1914, the heaviest artillery gun was the 60-pounder, four in each heavy battery. The Royal Horse Artillery employed the 13-pounder, while the Royal Field Artillery used the 18-pounder gun. By 1918, the situation had changed; the artillery were the dominant force on the battlefield. Between 1914 and 1918, the Royal Field Artillery had increased from 45 field brigades to 173 field brigades, while the heavy and siege artillery of the Royal Garrison Artillery had increased from 32 heavy and six siege batteries to 117 heavy and 401 siege batteries.
With this increase in the number of batteries of heavier guns, the armies needed to find a more efficient method of moving the heavier guns around. (It was proving difficult to find the number of draught horses required.) The War office ordered over 1,000 Holts caterpillar tractors, which transformed the mobility of the siege artillery. The army also mounted a variety of surplus naval guns on various railway platforms to provide mobile long-range heavy artillery on the Western Front.
Until 1914, artillery generally fired over open sights at visible targets, the largest unit accustomed to firing at a single target was the artillery regiment or brigade. One innovation brought about by the adoption of trench warfare was the barrage—a term first used in the battle of Neuve Chapelle in 1915. Trench warfare had created the need for indirect fire, with the use of observers, more sophisticated artillery fire plans, and an increasingly scientific approach to gunnery, where artillerymen had to use increasingly complicated calculations to lay the guns. Individual guns were aimed so that their fall of shot was coordinated with others to form a pattern; in the case of a barrage, the pattern was a line.
The creeping barrage was a barrage that lifted in small increments, perhaps , so that it moved forward slowly, keeping pace with the infantry, who were trained to follow close behind the moving wall of their own fire, often as close as ; infantry commanders were encouraged to keep their troops as close to the barrage as possible, even at the risk of casualties from friendly fire. A creeping barrage could maintain the element of surprise, with guns opening fire only shortly before the assault troops moved off. It was useful when enemy positions had not been thoroughly reconnoitred, as it did not depend on identifying individual targets in advance. The idea behind the creeping barrage was that the infantry should reach the enemy positions before the defenders had time to recover, emerge from shelters, and man their positions. On the first day of the battle of the Somme, the barrage outpaced the infantry, allowing the defenders to recover and emerge from their dugouts, with disastrous results for the attackers. The creeping barrage demonstrated its effectiveness a year later, in 1917, during the battle of Arras. A weakness of the creeping barrage was that the infantry was subordinated to the artillery schedule, while the infantry commanders had less control over the tactical situation and were therefore in danger of forgetting how to manoeuvre their troops around the battlefield. The importance of the barrage was such that traditional infantry tactics, including a reliance on the infantry's own firepower to support its movement forward, was sometimes forgotten.
Once the infantry had reached the German trenches, the artillery shifted from the creeping barrage to the standing barrage, a static barrage that would protect the infantry from counter-attack while they consolidated the position. A variant was the box barrage, in which three or four barrages formed a box—or more often three sides of a box—around a position to isolate and prevent reinforcements being brought up into the front line. This was normally used to protect trench raids, although it could also be used offensively against a German unit. Another type of barrage was the SOS barrage, fired in response to a German counterattack. An SOS barrage could be brought down by firing a flare signal of a pre arranged colour, as a German barrage tended to cut the telephone lines. A pre-registered barrage would then descend on No Man's Land.
With the introduction of the tank the artillery was no longer required to aid the infantry by destroying obstacles and machine gun positions. Instead, the artillery assisted by neutralising the German artillery with Counter battery fire. British Army researchers under Lieutenant William Lawrence Bragg developed sound ranging, a method of determining the location of hostile artillery from the sound of its guns firing. A Counter Battery Staff Officer (CBSO) was appointed at each corps to coordinate the counter battery effort, collating reports from sound ranging and Royal Flying Corps observers. By the end of the war, it was realised that the important effect of the barrage was to demoralise and suppress the enemy, rather than physical destruction; a short, intense bombardment immediately followed by an infantry assault was more effective than the weeks of grinding bombardment used in 1916.
Communications.
The Royal Engineers Signal Service, formed in 1912, was given responsibility for communications that included signal dispatch, telegraph, telephone and later wireless communications, from army headquarters to brigade and down to battery level for the artillery. For most of the war, the Army's primary methods of communication were signal dispatch (employing runners, messengers on horseback, dogs, and carrier pigeons), visual signalling, telegraph, and telephone. At the start of the war, the Army had a small number of wireless sets, which in addition to being heavy and unreliable, operated on longwave. In 1915, trench wireless sets were introduced, but the transmissions were easily intercepted by the listening Germans.
Civilian telephones were used at the outset of the war, but they were found to be unreliable in the damp, muddy conditions that prevailed. Consequently, the field telephone was designed; a device that operated with its own switchboard. Apart from voice communication, it featured a buzzer unit with a Morse code key, so that it could be used to send and receive coded messages. This facility proved useful when, in the midst of bombardment, exploding shells drowned out voice communication. The telephones were connected by lines that sustained continual damage as a result of shell fire and the movement of troops. The lines were generally buried, with redundant lines set in place to compensate for breakages.
The primary types of visual signalling were Semaphore flags, lamps and flags, lamps and lights, and the heliograph. In open warfare, visual signalling (employing signal flags and the heliograph) was the norm. A competent signaller could transmit 12 words a minute with signal flags (during daylight) and signal lights (at night). Signal lights, which were secured in a wooden case, employed a battery-operated Morse code key. These signalling techniques had certain disadvantages, however. In trench warfare, operators using these methods were forced to expose themselves to enemy fire; while messages sent to the rear by signal lights could not be seen by enemy forces, replies to such messages were readily spotted, and operators were, once again, exposed to enemy fire.
During the war, the Army also trained animals for use in the trenches. Dogs carried messages; horses, mules and dogs were used to lay telephone and telegraph cables. Carrier pigeons, who transported messages back from the front line, were also carried in tanks so that they could deliver messages during an attack. Over 20,000 pigeons and 370 handlers were used during the war, and at times, they were the sole means of communication.
Royal Flying Corps.
At the start of the war, the Royal Flying Corps (RFC) in the Field, commanded by Sir David Henderson consisted of five squadrons—one observation balloon squadron (RFC No 1 Squadron) and four aeroplane squadrons (Nos 2, 3, 4 and 5). These units were first used for aerial spotting on 13 September 1914, but only became efficient when they perfected the use of wireless communication at Aubers ridge on 9 May 1915. Aerial photography was attempted during 1914, but again, it only became effective the following year. In August 1915, General Hugh Trenchard replaced Henderson. The British use of air power evolved during the war, from a reconnaissance force to a fighting force that attempted to gain command of the air above the trenches and carry out bombing raids on targets behind the line. The early aircraft of the RFC were inferior to their German rivals; in April 1917, (known as Bloody April), the RFC lost over 300 aircrew and 245 aircraft. Not until late 1917, with the introduction of the Sopwith Camel and the S.E.5, were they able to compete successfully for control of the air.
On 17 August 1917, General Jan Smuts presented a report to the War Council concerning the future of air power. Given its potential for the 'devastation of enemy lands and the destruction of industrial targets and centres of population on a vast scale'. He recommended a new air service be formed that would be on a level with the Army and Royal Navy. The formation of the new service, however, would make use of the under-utilised men and machines of the Royal Naval Air Service (RNAS), as well as ending the inter-service rivalries that at times had adversely affected aircraft procurement. On 1 April 1918, the RFC and the RNAS were amalgamated to form a new service, the Royal Air Force (RAF). The RAF was under the control of the equally new Air Ministry. By 1918, photographic images could be taken from and interpreted by over 3,000 personnel. Planes did not carry parachutes until 1918, though they had been available since before the war. After starting with some 2,073 personnel in 1914, the RAF had 4,000 combat aircraft and 114,000 personnel by the beginning of 1919 .
Corps of Royal Engineers.
On 1 August 1914, the Royal Engineers consisted of 25,000 officers and men in the regular army and reserves; by the same date in 1917, it had grown to a total of 250,000. In 1914, when the BEF arrived in France, there were two Engineer field companies attached to each infantry division, which was increased to three companies by September 1914. Each division also had a Signals company, which was responsible for communications between Corps, Division and Brigade headquarters.
Royal Engineer tunnelling companies were formed in response to the German blowing of 10 small mines in December 1914, at Givenchy. The first British mine was detonated at Hill 60 on 17 February 1915. Mining was used increasingly during the battle of Aubers ridge in May 1915, and the battle of Loos in September 1915. In July 1916, on the first day of the battle of the Somme, what became known as the Lochnagar Crater was created by a mine at La Boisselle.
Twenty-one companies were eventually formed and were employed digging subways, cable trenches, Sapping, dugouts as well as offensive or defensive mining. At the end of the war, Engineers were directly responsible for maintaining buildings and designing the infantry front-line fortifications and artillery positions, the telephones, wireless and other signalling equipment, railways, roads, water supply, bridges and transport. They also operated the railways and inland waterways.
Machine Gun Corps.
In September 1915, the Machine Gun Corps (MGC) was formed to provide heavy machine-gun teams after a proposal was made to the War Office for the formation of a single specialist machine-gun company for each infantry brigade—a goal to be achieved by withdrawing guns and gun teams from the battalions. Created in October 1915, the MGC consisted of infantry machine-gun companies, cavalry machine-gun squadrons and motor machine-gun batteries. In the trenches, the Corps' guns were deployed with an interlocking field of fire and proved to be a devastating defensive weapon against attacking infantry. They were also used in an indirect fire support role, in which they fired over the heads and from the flanks of the advancing infantry and behind the German trenches to stop reinforcements and supplies from getting to the front.
Tank Corps.
The Tank Corps was formed as the "Heavy Section Machine Gun Corps" in 1916. Tanks were used for the first time in action in the battle of the Somme on 15 September 1916. The intention being that they would crush the barbed wire for the infantry, then cross the trenches and exploit any breakthrough behind the German lines. In November 1916, they were renamed the Heavy Branch MGC and in June 1917, the Tank Corps.
Originally formed in Companies of the Heavy Branch MGC, designated A, B, C and D; each company of four sections had six tanks, three male and three female versions (artillery or machine guns), with one tank held as a company reserve. In November 1916, each company was reformed as a battalion of three companies, with plans to increase the Corps to 20 battalions, each Tank Battalion had a complement of 32 officers and 374 men.
Tanks were primarily used on the Western Front. The first offensive of the war in which tanks were used "en masse" was the battle of Cambrai in 1917; 476 tanks started the attack, and the German front collapsed. At midday the British had advanced five miles behind the German line. The battle of Amiens in 1918 saw the value of the tank being appreciated; 10 heavy and two light battalions of 414 tanks were included in the assault. 342 Mark Vs and 72 Whippets were backed up by a further 120 tanks designed to carry forward supplies for the armour and infantry. By the end of the first day of the attack, they had penetrated the German line by , 16,000 prisoners were taken. In September 1918, the British Army was the most mechanized army in the world. Some 22,000 men had served in the Tank Corps by the end of the war.
A detachment of eight obsolescent Mark I tanks was sent to Southern Palestine in early 1917 and saw against Turkish forces there.
Army Service Corps.
The Army Service Corps (ASC) operated the transport system to deliver men, ammunition and matériel to the front. From 12,000 men at the start of the war, the Corps increased in size to over 300,000 by November 1918. In addition they had under command Indian, Egyptian, Chinese (Chinese Labour Corps) and other native labourers, carriers and stores men. They provided horsed and mechanical transport companies, the Army Remount Service and ASC Labour companies. In August 1914, they delivered of bread to the front which increased to by November 1918.
Royal Army Medical Corps.
The Royal Army Medical Corps (RAMC) supplied the doctors, casualty evacuation, field ambulances and hospitals for the army. The Corps was assisted in its work by voluntary help from the British Red Cross, St John's Ambulance and the Friends Ambulance Unit.
The only person to be awarded the Victoria Cross twice during the war was a doctor in the RAMC, Captain Noel Godfrey Chavasse, VC and Bar, MC.
While not strictly a member of the RAMC, stretcher bearer Lance Corporal William Harold Coltman VC, DCM & Bar, MM & Bar, was the most decorated other rank of the war.
Life in the trenches.
By the end of 1914, the war on the Western Front had reached stalemate and the trench lines extended from the Belgian coast to the Swiss frontier. By September 1915, the length of the British front line stretched some . Soldiers were in the front or reserve line trenches for about eight days at a time, before being relieved.
There were three trenches in a typical front line sector; the fire trench, the support trench and the reserve trench, all joined by communication trenches. The trenches varied in depth, but they were usually about four or five feet deep, or in areas with a high water table a wall of sandbags would be built to allow the defenders to stand upright, fire trenches were provided with a fire step, so the occupants could return fire during an attack (see diagram). Ideally, the bottom of the trench was lined with duckboards to prevent men from sinking into the mud and dugouts were cut into the walls, these gave shelter from the elements and shrapnel, although in the British Army dugouts were usually reserved for the officers and senior NCOs. The men were then expected to sleep wherever they could and in wet weather they lived under groundsheets or in tents at the bottom of the trench on the duckboards.
At the front, soldiers were in constant danger from artillery shells, mortar bombs and bullets and as the war progressed they also faced aerial attack. Some sectors of the front saw little activity throughout the war, making life comparatively easy. Other sectors were in a perpetual state of violent activity. However, quiet sectors still amassed daily casualties through snipers, artillery fire and disease. The harsh conditions, where trenches were often wet and muddy and the constant company of lice and rats which fed on unburied bodies, often carried disease. Many troops suffered from trench foot, trench fever and trench nephritis. They could also contract frostbite in the winter months and heat exhaustion in the summer. The men were frequently wet and extremely muddy, or dry and exceedingly dusty. Food could not usually be cooked in the front line trenches as any smoke would draw enemy fire, hot food had to be carried along communication trenches in clumsy "hayboxes", sometimes arriving late or not at all.
Daily routine.
Daily routine of life in the trenches began with the morning 'stand-to'. An hour before dawn everyone was roused and ordered to man their positions in order to guard against a dawn raid by the Germans. With stand-to over, it was time for the men to have breakfast and perform ablutions. Once complete, the NCOs would assign daily chores, before the men attended to the cleaning of rifles and equipment, filling sandbags, repairing trenches or digging latrines. Once the daily tasks had been completed the men who were off-duty would find a place to sleep. Due to the constant bombardments and the sheer effort of trying to stay alive, sleep deprivation was common. Soldiers also had to take it in turns to be on sentry duty, watching for enemy movements.
Each side's front line was constantly under observation by snipers and lookouts during daylight; movement was therefore restricted until after the dusk stand-to and night had fallen. Under the cover of darkness, troops attended to vital maintenance and resupply, with rations and water being brought to the front line, fresh units swapped places with troops moving to the rear for rest and recuperation. Trench raiding was also carried out and construction parties formed to repair trenches and fortifications, while wiring parties were sent out to repair or renew the barbed wire in no man's land. An hour before dawn, everyone would stand-to once more.
Moving into the front line.
A set procedure was used by a division that was moving into the front line. Once they had been informed that they were moving forward, the brigadiers and battalion commanders would be taken to the forward areas to reconnoitre the sections of the front that were to be occupied by their troops. Meanwhile, the battalion transport officers would be taken to the headquarters of the division that they were relieving in order to observe the methods used for drawing rations and ammunition, and the manner in which they were supplied to the troops at the front. Detachments from the divisional artillery group would move forward and were attached to the artillery batteries of the division they were relieving. Five days later, the infantry battalions that were destined for the front line sent forward their specialists from the Lewis gun teams, and the grenade officer, the machine gun officer, the four company commanders, and some of the signallers to take over the trench stores and settle into the trench routine before the battalions moved in. Overnight, the battalions would move into the line, and the artillery would take over the guns that were already in position, leaving theirs behind to be taken over by the batteries that had been relieved.
Discipline.
Legal Authority.
The Army was ultimately under political authority. Since the Glorious Revolution of 1688 the Crown has not technically been permitted a standing army in the United Kingdom–it derives its existence from the Army Act, passed by Parliament each year (every five years since the late 1950s). The House of Commons took these responsibilities seriously: a letter from Haig clarifying the position on shell-shock had to be read out in the House of Commons on 14 March 1918. Most disciplinary regulations in World War One derived from the 1881 Army Act, although some offences were more severely dealt with on active service, e.g. in principle looting or wilful disobedience carried the death penalty.
Lesser Offences.
Lesser offences were dealt with by commanding officers. For petty offences, a company commander could have men fined or confined to barracks for fatigue duty A battalion Commanding Officer could give detention, order up to 28 days Field Punishment, or demote corporals to the ranks (officers and senior NCOs were dealt with by court martial other than for very trivial offences). Enlisted men could also lose leave or seniority.
Field Punishment (FP) had replaced flogging (abolished at home in 1868 and on active service in 1881, although still used in military prisons until 1907). FP No.1 (in which the man was shackled to fixed object, e.g. a large wheel) was awarded to 60,210 cases, equivalent to one man in 50 (although in practice there were many repeat offenders). FP No.1 could be very unpleasant depending on the weather, was abhorred by some as barbaric, and in some units was ritualised (e.g. by locking a man in a shed and throwing the handcuffs in with him); there were also cases of Australian troops releasing British troops whom they found tied up, although in other units it was regarded as a necessary sanction for serious offences. FP No.2 meant that a man was shackled but not fixed in place.
Striking an inferior was an offence but it was not uncommon in some units for officers to turn a blind eye to NCOs keeping discipline by violence, or even to do so themselves.
Courts Martial.
Men who committed serious offences were tried by Field General Court Martial, sometimes resulting in execution. Despite "assertions" that these were "kangaroo courts" (e.g. in the book “Shot At Dawn” which says that men “did not receive even the rudiments of a just hearing”) the release of records in 1990-4 showed this to be untrue. They in fact had strict rules of procedure and a duty to uncover the facts. Unlike a General Court Martial in peacetime, there was no legally qualified Judge-Advocate to advise the court, but from the start of 1916 a "Court Martial Officer" – usually an officer with legal experience in civilian life — was often present to do so.
The accused was entitled to object to the composition of the panel (e.g. if one of the officers was connected with the case or enjoyed a poor relationship with the accused) and to present his case, defended by an officer (a "Prisoner's Friend") if he chose, although “Prisoners Friends” became more common as the war went on. The officer who convened a court martial could not sit on it, and the most junior officer voted first (to lessen the chance of his deferring to a superior’s opinion). However, the courts were explicitly intended to be "speedy" and were sometimes encouraged by higher authority to make an example of certain offences, and in practice the leniency of the court and the ability of the accused to defend himself varied widely. Some pleaded guilty or chose not to present a defence or call witnesses, and in most cases the offence was “so blatant that little defence could be put forward”.
Eighty-nine per cent of courts martial returned a guilty verdict, the vast majority of cases being for offences such as Absence Without Leave (the most common offence), drunkenness and insubordination. Terms of imprisonment were often suspended, to discourage soldiers from committing an offence in order to escape the front lines, but also to give a convicted man a chance to earn a reprieve for good conduct.
Of the 252 officers tried, 76 per cent were found guilty, the most common offence (52 per cent of cases) being drunkenness. Although three officers were executed, an officer was most likely to receive a severe reprimand (60 per cent of cases – a severe blow to his career) or be cashiered (30 per cent of cases — stripped of his commission, which brought total social disgrace and barred him from any employment under the crown, even working for the local council – but a cashiered officer could still be conscripted as a private to a different unit).
Executions.
A death sentence had to be passed unanimously, and confirmed in writing by various officers as the verdict passed up the chain of command. A man’s battalion and brigade commander tended to comment on his own record, but senior generals tended to be more concerned with the type of offence and the state of discipline in that unit. The Judge Advocate General at GHQ also checked the records for irregularities, before final confirmation (or otherwise) by the Commander-in-Chief of the relevant theatre.
Of the 3,080 men sentenced to death, 346 men were actually executed, the vast majority of these (266) for desertion, the next largest reasons for execution being murder (37 – these men would probably have been hanged under civilian law at the time) and cowardice (18). Convictions for mutiny were rare — only one man was shot for the Etaples disturbances in 1917. Of the men shot, 91 were already under a previous suspended sentence, and nine under two sentences. Of the 91, 40 were already under a suspended death sentence, 38 of them for desertion, and one man had already been “sentenced to death” twice for desertion.
It was felt at the time that — precisely because most soldiers in combat were afraid – an example needed to be made of men who deserted. Front line soldiers also sometimes felt that those who left their mates "in the lurch" by deserting "deserved to be shot". One historian writes that there is “virtually no evidence” that soldiers thought the death penalty unjust, although another writes that some soldiers deplored the death penalty, while others thought it justified. Desertion normally meant an absence of 21 days or other evidence to indicate intent of not returning, e.g. wearing civilian clothes or failing to report for a key deployment. Those executed were normally not boys – the average age was in the mid-twenties and 40 per cent had been in serious trouble before. Thirty per cent were regulars or reservists, 40 per cent were Kitchener volunteers, 19 per cent were Irish, Canadian or New Zealand volunteers, but only nine per cent were conscripts, suggesting indulgence to the conscripts – many of them under 21 – who made up the bulk of the army by late in the war. Only executed men's records survive, so it is hard to comment on the reasons why men were reprieved, but it has been suggested that the policy of commuting 90 per cent of death sentences may well have been deliberate mercy in the application of military law designed for a small regular army recruited from the rougher elements of society. Only 7,361 of the 38,630 desertions were in the field. Most were away from the front line – 14 of the executed deserters were arrested in the United Kingdom – many deserters had never served in the front line at all.
In the latter part of the war executed men's families were usually told white lies by the authorities – their families received pensions and were buried in the same graves as other dead soldiers.
Death for desertion was abolished in 1930 over objections in the House of Lords from Lords Allenby and Plumer, two of the most distinguished British commanders of World War One; calls for its restoration in World War Two were vetoed on political grounds. 
By contrast, of 393 men sentenced to death for falling asleep on sentry duty in all theatres in World War One, only two were executed (sentries were usually posted in pairs to keep one another awake — these two – in Mesopotamia — were made an example of because they were found sitting asleep together, suggesting that they had colluded).
Australians made up seven per cent of the BEF but 25 per cent of deserters, while an Australian was nine times more likely to be imprisoned than a British soldier. Haig asked for permission to shoot Australians, but their government refused.
British First World War discipline was not especially severe compared to most other armies of the time (e.g. the Russians and Italians). The French admitted to only 133 executions, the Germans 48, but these figures may not be reliable as both armies had problems with discipline.
Shell Shock and Pardons.
At the time Posttraumatic stress disorder (known as "shell shock" because it was initially wrongly thought to be caused by concussion damage to the membranes of brain) was beginning to be recognised and was admissible in defence – it was classified as a war injury, although there were concerns that soldiers accused of offences tried falsely to claim shell shock as a defence. One historian writes that "in no case was a soldier whom the medical staff certified as suffering from shell shock actually executed", that "there appear to have been very few cases where men who alleged shell shock, but whose claim was denied, were actually executed", and that the suggestions of modern campaigners that most of the executed men suffered from shell shock are "palpably untrue". However, another historian has pointed out that there was a great deal of chance in whether a soldier's claim of shell-shock would be taken seriously, and gives examples of soldiers being given cursory medical examinations or none; specific references to shell-shock are uncommon, and records usually refer to dizziness, “queer turns”, bad nerves etc. Such trauma was still poorly understood at that time.
There were enquiries in 1919, 1922, 1925 and 1938, which examined documents now lost and witnesses now dead. The books “For the Sake of Example” (1983) by Babington and “Shot at Dawn” (1989) by Sykes & Putkowski were openly intended to start a campaign for pardons. This campaign was rejected in February 1993 because there was no evidence of procedural error (i.e. they had been correctly convicted according to the law at the time) and it was felt not right to impose modern values on to the past. The case was rejected again in 1998 after a detailed two-year review, which found “no white cases, very many black cases and a handful of grey cases” in which medical evidence was ignored or not called. The decisions were reversed by the Government in 2006 and all men given pardons and recognised as victims of World War I. However, their sentences were not overturned as it was impossible after this length of time to re-examine the evidence in every case.
Other Discipline.
It has been pointed out that we have only anecdotal accounts, but no figures, for men who were shot on the spot by officers and NCOs for "cowardice in the face of the enemy".
There were over 13,000 Royal Military Police (“redcaps”). They were unpopular, at a time when the police were often unpopular with young men from big cities. Besides policing, a large part of their job was maintaining discipline on the march and keeping roads running smoothly, and collecting stragglers from a battle. During the March 1918 retreat 25,000 stragglers were rounded up and sent back to fighting units. Royal Military Police also fought on occasion if headquarters areas were threatened by an enemy advance. Although soldiers sometimes told lurid tales of men who refused to fight being shot by Military Police, no reliable first-hand accounts exist of this happening.
There were occasional examples of men making unwanted homosexual advances, homosexuality being then criminal under both military and civil law, in order to escape the front lines, but prosecutions for this crime were rare, and there is also evidence of men turning a blind eye to homosexual relationships.
Positive Motivation.
Men were also motivated by positive means. New medals were instituted: the Military Cross was created in December 1914 for warrant officers and officers up to captain, the Military Medal for enlisted men in March 1916 (although to the regret of some men, it did not carry a cash bounty like the Distinguished Conduct Medal). The Order of the British Empire (of which the MBE is one grade) was instituted in 1917. By 1918 medals for bravery were often awarded within a week to ensure that the man lived long enough to receive it.
Race meetings, concert parties (including drag acts – good drag queens were in great demand), trips to the seaside and football matches were organised to keep men entertained. There were various unofficial publications, including the “Wipers Times” – these give an insight into the views of ordinary soldiers and junior officers. Overt patriotism was rare, and politicians such as (Prime Minister) Asquith and Ramsay MacDonald (an opponent of the war, later Labour Prime Minister) were satirised.
Western front.
Under the command of Field Marshal Sir John French, the BEF began to deploy to France within days of the declaration of war. The first encounter with the Germans came at Mons on 23 August 1914, after which the Allies began the Great Retreat, the BEF was involved in the battle of Le Cateau. The BEF had a small role in halting the German advance at the Marne, before participating in the Aisne counter-offensive, in September which was followed by a period known as the "Race to the Sea" during which the BEF redeployed to Flanders.
For the BEF, 1914 ended with "First Ypres" which marked the beginning of a long struggle for the Ypres salient. British casualties in the fighting between 14 October and 30 November were 58,155 (7,960 dead, 29,562 wounded and 17,873 missing). It is often said that the pre-war professional army died at the first battle of Ypres. The army had arrived in France with 84,000 infantry. By the end of the battle, the BEF had suffered 86,237 casualties, mostly to the infantry.
Trench warfare prevailed in 1915, and the BEF—as the junior partner on the Western Front—fought a series of small battles, at times coordinated with the larger French offensives, like the battle of Neuve Chapelle which is always associated with the shell crisis, the battle of Aubers Ridge, the battle of Festubert in May and the battle of Givenchy in June. On 22 April 1915, the Germans launched the second battle of Ypres, employing poison gas for the first time on the Western Front and capturing much of the high ground that ringed the salient. By September 1915, the British Army had grown with the first of Kitchener's New Army divisions entering the line, and as part of the third battle of Artois, the army launched a major attack, the battle of Loos, utilising its own newly developed chemical weapons for the first time. The resulting failure marked the end for Field Marshal French. On 19 December 1915, General Sir Douglas Haig replaced him as Commander-in-Chief of the BEF.
For the British Army, 1916 was dominated by the battle of the Somme which started disastrously on 1 July. The first day on the Somme remains the bloodiest day in the history of the British Army when over 19,000 soldiers were killed and nearly 40,000 were wounded, all for little or no gain. The only real success was in the south where, using imaginative tactics and helped by the French, the 18th (Eastern) Division and 30th Division took all their objectives, including Montauban, and the 7th Division captured Mametz. At Thiepval, the 36th (Ulster) Division seized the Schwaben Redoubt but was forced to withdraw because of lack of progress elsewhere. There followed nearly five months of attrition during which the Fourth Army of General Henry Rawlinson and the Fifth Army of General Hubert Gough advanced an average of at a cost of 420,000 casualties.
In February 1917, the German Army began to withdraw to the Hindenburg Line and it was these formidable defences that elements of the British Army assaulted in the battle of Arras in April. For this battle, the British Prime Minister—David Lloyd George—had placed Haig and the BEF under the orders of new French Commander-in-Chief (Robert Nivelle), who planned a major French Army offensive in Champagne. When the battle officially ended on 16 May, British troops had made significant advances, but had been unable to achieve a major breakthrough at any point. Having failed to deliver a breakthrough, Haig now embarked on his favoured plan to launch an offensive in Flanders. In a successful preliminary operation, General Herbert Plumer's Second Army seized the Messines ridge south of Ypres. The battle of Passchendaele, which began on 31 July 1917, was one of the harshest ordeals endured by British and Dominion troops during the war, with the battlefield reduced to a quagmire. It was not until 6 November that Passchendaele ridge was captured, by which time the British Army had sustained 310,000 casualties. For the British Army, 1917 ended with the battle of Cambrai which demonstrated the potential of tanks operating "en masse". The Third Army commander—General Julian Byng—planned an ambitious breakthrough and achieved an unprecedented advanced of on the first day but lacked the reserves to either continue or consolidate. A German counter-offensive succeeded in recapturing most of the lost ground.
The final year of the war—1918—started with disaster and ended in triumph. On 21 March 1918, German General Erich Ludendorff launched the Spring Offensive and the main weight of the first blow—Operation "Michael"—fell on the British Fifth Army of General Gough which was forced to retreat, finally halting the German advance on the Marne in June 1918. The next German attack came south of Ypres in the battle of the Lys river and here too the British Army fell back. Haig issued his famous Order of the Day, "With our backs to the wall and believing in the justice of our cause, each one of us must fight on to the end." In response to the crisis facing the Allies, French general Ferdinand Foch was made Supreme Commander for Allied forces on the Western Front, placing the BEF under his strategic direction. On 8 August 1918, General Rawlinson's Fourth Army launched the battle of Amiens which marked the start of the Hundred Days Offensive, the final Allied offensive on the Western Front. Over the following weeks, all five armies of the BEF went on the offensive from the Somme to Flanders. Fighting continued right up until the Armistice with Germany came into effect at 11:00 am on 11 November 1918.
In the final offensive, the BEF captured 188,700 prisoners and 2,840 guns which was only 7,800 prisoners and 935 guns less than those taken by the French, Belgian and American armies combined.
Other campaigns.
Ireland.
The Easter Rising was a rebellion staged in Ireland during Easter Week, 1916. It was mounted by Irish republicans with the aims of ending British rule in Ireland and establishing an Irish Republic. Organised by the Military Council of the Irish Republican Brotherhood, the rising lasted from 24–30 April 1916. Members of the Irish Volunteers, joined by the smaller Irish Citizen Army, along with 200 members of Cumann na mBan, seized key locations in Dublin and proclaimed an Irish Republic independent of Britain.
Army reinforcements were moved into Dublin and by 28 April, the 1,600 rebels were facing 18 to 20,000 soldiers, the rising was suppressed after seven days of fighting, its leaders were court martialled and executed. Easter Rising casualties were 450 killed, 2,614 wounded, and nine missing, almost all in Dublin. The only significant action elsewhere was at Ashbourne, north of Dublin. Military casualties were 116 dead, 368 wounded and 9 missing. The Irish and Dublin police forces had 16 killed and 29 wounded, 254 non-combatant civilians died.
Salonika.
A new front was opened in Salonika at the request of the Greek government, intending to support Serbian forces and oppose Bulgaria. The first troops of the British Salonika Army, arrived in Salonika in October 1916, too late to prevent the Serbian Army from retreating into Albania and Greece. French, British and Russian troops arrived in Salonika between 1916 and 1917 and became known as the "Army of the East" or the "Army of the Orient", under the overall command of French General Maurice Sarrail.
With the objective of destroying the Bulgarian Army, the French and British launched a new offensive in April 1917, without any significant success. A stalemate ensued without any movement by either side; the front became known as "Europe's biggest internment camp for the Allies" by the Germans. This situation lasted until 18 September 1918, when the British and Greek Armies, under the command of General George Milne attacked in the Lake Doiran Sector. The Bulgarian Army—now in retreat—signed an armistice on 30 September 1918.
Italy.
Italy joined the war on the Allies' side on 5 May 1915, declaring war on Austria-Hungary on 23 May 1915 and on Germany on 28 August 1916. The British Army's involvement in the Italian campaign did not start until late 1917, when troops were sent to help prevent a defeat on the Italian front. On 24 October 1917 in the battle of Caporetto the Second Italian Army collapsed and the Italians were forced to retreat to the Piave River, where they could be reinforced with five British and six French Divisions from the Western Front, complete with supporting arms and commanded by General Herbert Plumer. The reinforced Italians successfully managed to halt the Austro-Hungarian advance at the battle of the Piave river. During the Allied counter-attack in October 1918, the Austro-Hungarian Army collapsed after taking heavy losses at the battle of Vittorio Veneto. An armistice was signed shortly afterwards on 3 November 1918.
China.
In 1914, the British Army was involved in what became known as the Siege of Tsingtao when the 2nd Battalion South Wales Borderers landed in China in support of Japanese forces in the capture of the German port of Tsingtao. The British were part of a 23,000-strong task force which included a mixed British–Indian Brigade of 1,500 troops and the battleship . A bombardment of the port started on 31 October 1914, and by 7 November, the Japanese 18th Division, 29th Infantry Brigade and the British–Indian Brigade, had stormed and captured the garrison and its 4,000 troops.
East Africa.
1914 also witnessed the commencement of the East African Campaign against von Lettow-Vorbeck's elusive German and African askari forces. Most British operations in Africa were carried out by African askari units such as the King's African Rifles (KAR), South African or Indian Army units. The British force was led, in turn, by General Horace Smith-Dorrien, South African General Jan Smuts, and British General Arthur Reginald Hoskins. The force was composed of units of the KAR and the 27th Bangalore Brigade from the British Indian Army, with the 2nd Battalion, Loyal Regiment (North Lancashire) under command. The German forces of von Lettow-Vorbeck's Schutztruppe remained undefeated and surrendered on 25 November 1918, 14 days after the Armistice in Europe.
The casualty rate amongst British and Empire troops, excluding the Africans, was 6,000 dead and 3,000 wounded. More troops died from diseases than from enemy action, and illness accounted for 70% of the total casualties.
Gallipoli.
Turkey had entered the war on the German side on 31 October 1914. One of its first acts was to close the Dardanelles Straits to the Allies. In April 1915, following the failure of the Royal Navy's attempt to capture the Dardanelles, British and ANZAC forces landed on the Gallipoli peninsula, under the command of General Ian Hamilton. The main British attacks were the first, second and third battles of Krithia. These were a series of attacks against the Turkish defences aimed at capturing the original objectives of 25 April 1915. They all failed to achieve their objectives. In August, another landing was made at Suvla Bay. The Suvla landing was reinforced by the arrival of the 10th Division from Kitchener's New Army, 53rd, 54th first-line Territorial divisions and the dismounted yeomanry of the 2nd Mounted Division. The 29th Division was also moved from Helles to Suvla for one more push. The final British attempt to resuscitate the offensive came on 21 August, with attacks at Scimitar Hill and Hill 60. Control of these hills would have united the Anzac and Suvla fronts, but neither battle achieved success. When fighting at Hill 60 ceased on 29 August, the battle for the Sari Bair heights, and indeed, the battle for the peninsula, was effectively over; by January 1916, the Allies had withdrawn.
Estimates of casualties vary enormously, but of the around 480,000 Allied troops involved in the campaign, 180,000 were wounded and 44,000 died, 20,000 of the dead being British.
Mesopotamia.
The British force fighting in Mesopotamia was principally drawn from the British Indian Army, with only one solely British formation, the 13th (Western) Division. Its objective was to secure the Royal Navy's oil supply from Persia. On 7 November 1914, the British Indian force—led by General Sir John Nixon—invaded Mesopotamia, and on 23 November, entered Basrah. After this initial invasion, there followed a disastrous and humiliating defeat for the British by the Turks at the Siege of Kut-al-Amara from 7 December 1915 – 29 April 1916, when the entire garrison of 13,000 British and Indian troops surrendered. The British reorganised and raised the number of available troops to 250,000. The British eventually regained momentum upon General Frederick Stanley Maude becoming commander, and a new offensive began in December 1916. On 24 February 1917, Kut-al-Amara fell to the joint British and Indian force, and Baghdad was captured in March 1917. A week after the capture of Baghdad, General Maude issued the Proclamation of Baghdad, which contained the famous line, "our armies do not come into your cities and lands as conquerors or enemies, but as liberators". Lieutenant General Sir William Marshall succeeded Maude following the latter's death from cholera on 18 November 1917. He continued with the "River War" until October 1918, when the British captured the Mosul oil fields, a development that led to the collapse of the Turkish forces. The Armistice of Mudros with Turkey was signed on 30 October 1918. During the campaign, 100,000 British and Indian casualties were caused. Of these, 53,000 died, with 13,000 of the dead succumbing to disease.
Sinai and Palestine.
The Sinai and Palestine Campaign was fuelled by criticism of the policy of a static defence of the Suez Canal, which employed six infantry divisions and five mounted brigades. After the repulse of the Turkish First Suez Offensive, nine divisions were sent to the Western Front and one to Mesopotamia.
The British Army in the Sinai and Palestine subsequently included the 10th, 42nd, 52nd, 53rd, 54th, 60th, 74th and 75th divisions. British yeomanry formed part of the ANZAC Mounted Division, Australian Mounted Division and Yeomanry Mounted Divisions. With the Imperial Camel Corps Brigade, mounted troops formed the Desert Column. The whole force—known as the Egyptian Expeditionary Force (EEF)—was under the command of General Sir Archibald Murray in Cairo.
Murray made steady progress against the Turkish forces, which were defeated in the battles of Romani, Magdhaba and Rafa. However, he was repulsed at the first and second battle of Gaza in 1917. The defeat in the Second Battle of Gaza prompted the War Office to change the command of the EEF, and on 28 June 1917, Murray was replaced by General Sir Edmund Allenby, who reinvigorated the campaign.
Allenby reorganised his forces along more conventional lines. The EEF now included the Desert Mounted Corps, under Lieutenant General Sir Harry Chauvel; XX Corps under Lieutenant General Sir Phillip Chetwode and XXI Corps under Lieutenant General Edward Bulfin. In October 1917, they defeated the Turkish forces in the third battle of Gaza and the battle of Mughar ridge, which succeeded in causing the Ottoman Seventh and Eighth Armies to withdraw towards Jerusalem and Haifa respectively. This led to the capture of Jerusalem in December 1917.
In February and April 1918, Australian mounted troops took part in two raids east across the Jordan River near Es Salt, a village in Palestine west of Amman. Although these raids were unsuccessful, they encouraged Turkish commanders to believe that the main British effort would be launched across the Jordan, when in fact it would be launched along the coastal plain. The EEF was greatly weakened at this time by the crisis in France, which led to the despatch of the 52nd and 74th Divisions to the Western Front, the breaking up of the Yeomanry Mounted Division, and the replacement of most of the British infantry in four of the remaining divisions with Indian troops. In September 1918, Allenby's forces won the decisive Megiddo Offensive, which precipitated the Armistice of Mudros with the Ottoman Empire, which was signed on 31 October 1918.
Total Allied casualties in the Sinai and Palestine campaign were 60,000 of which 20,000 were killed. Some 15,000 of the dead were British.
Persia.
Following the abdication of the Russian Tsar in 1917, the Caucasus Front collapsed, leaving Central Asia—and beyond it India—open to the Turkish Army. The War Office responded with a plan to send a force of hand-picked British officers and NCOs to organise any remaining Russian forces or civilians who were ready to fight the Turkish forces. This force became known as Dunsterforce after its commander, Major General Lionel Charles Dunsterville, the inspiration for the titular character of Rudyard Kipling's novel Stalky & Co.. It arrived in Baku in August 1918. It was hoped that Dunsterforce could raise an army from the Christian Georgian, Armenian and Assyrian people who had supported the Russians and had historically feared the Turks. While Dunsterforce had some success the task proved beyond its ability.
Fighting the Senussi Arabs.
In late November 1915, in response to the growing threat from a pro-Turkish Islamic Arab sect known as the Senussi, a composite British body known as the 'Western Frontier Force' was sent into the Libyan Desert to Mersa Matruh, under the command of British Indian Army officer Major General Alexander Wallace. A series of sharp battles against the Arabs ensued at Um Rakhum, Gebel Medwa, and Halazin during December and January. The Western Desert Force, now under Major General William Peyton, re-occupied Sidi Barrani and Sallum in February and March 1916. Shipwrecked British seamen from HMT "Moorina" and HMS "Tara", who had been held at Bir Hakeim, were rescued by a contingent of armoured cars led by the Duke of Westminster.
Aftermath.
The British Army during World War I was the largest military force that Britain had put into the field up to that point. On the Western Front, the BEF ended the war as the strongest fighting force, more experienced and larger than the American Army, its morale was in better shape than the French Army.
The cost of victory was high. The official "final and corrected" casualty figures for the British Army—including the Territorial Force—were issued on 10 March 1921. The losses for the period between 4 August 1914 and 30 September 1919 included 573,507 "killed in action, died from wounds and died of other causes" and 254,176 missing (minus 154,308 released prisoners), for a net total of 673,375 dead and missing. Casualty figures also indicated that there were 1,643,469 wounded.
For some, the fighting did not end in 1918. The army dispatched troops to Russia during the Allied intervention in the Russian Civil War, which was followed by the Anglo-Irish War in January 1919 and the Third Anglo-Afghan War in May 1919. The third Afghan war was followed by the 1920 conflict between British forces and Somaliland dervishes. Those not involved in fighting or occupation duties were demobilised. The demobilisation of 4,000,000 men that followed the end of the war had, within a year, reduced the army to 800,000; by November 1920, this figure had fallen to 370,000 men.
The Ten Year Rule was introduced in August 1919, which stipulated that the armed forces should draft their estimates "on the assumption that the British Empire would not be engaged in any great war during the next ten years." In 1928, Winston Churchill, as Chancellor of the Exchequer, successfully urged the Cabinet to make the rule self-perpetuating and hence it was in force unless specifically countermanded. There were cuts in defence spending as a result of this rule, falling from £766 million in 1919–1920, to £189 million in 1921–1922, and to £102 million in 1932.
The British Army tried to learn the lessons of World War I, and adopt them into its pre-war doctrine. In the 1920s and much of the 1930s, the General Staff tried to establish a small, mechanised, professional army and formed the Experimental Mechanized Force, but with the lack of any identified threat, its main function reverted to garrison duties around the British Empire.

</doc>
<doc id="19466351" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19466351" title="Vortex (iPod game)">
Vortex (iPod game)

Vortex is an iPod game created by Apple Inc. It is a Breakout clone that has a "looking down perspective" and has bricks arranged in a circular layout.
History.
On Tuesday, January 30, 2007, Apple introduced a demo version of this game for free. It includes two sample levels. They have since removed the demo.
Vortex is currently one of the only games compatible with all the iPods able to play games (shipped with the iPod Nanos and Classics).
Gameplay.
Vortex is similar to Breakout, in which you use a ball to destroy bricks. However, the bricks are arranged along the inside of a cylinder. You use the click wheel to move the paddle around the cylinder to control where the ball goes.
The paddle now is slightly curved, conforming to the game's circular outer wall. The ball moves slower as it approaches the cluster of revolving bricks and faster as it moves away. The effect, if you like, is that of planetary gravity, except in reverse. The ball's trajectory and speed – whether traveling toward or away from the cluster – is continuously influenced by the pulling forces of the outer wall. The angle at which the ball strikes a brick, or bricks, also has an impact on its direction and, usually to a lesser extent, its speed. The speed of the paddle upon making contact also has a subtle influence on the ball's path.
As game levels progress, the size of the cluster grows and the number of concentric circles comprising it increases. In the early moments of each higher level, the empty ring between the brick cluster and the outer wall grows smaller, a confinement that necessitates quicker paddle movement.
To pass the level, all destructible bricks must be shattered. Adding to the challenge, there are bricks which "retract" for a time, enabling the ball to pass through instead of shattering it. Certain sets of bricks also move around the circle. Other bricks take multiple hits to shatter. Steel bricks are almost indestructible, unless one hits a dymamite brick next to it, but are not required to complete the level. Dynamite bricks (indicated by red dots) when hit will take out several other bricks with its explosion but are also not required.
Powerups.
There are marked bricks which release powerups. The powerup, indicated by a small green sphere, heads out from the center and the player catches it to activate it. The powerups include resizing the paddle, changing the speed of the game, adding lasers or guns to the paddle, and extra lives.
Powerup bricks are not required to complete the level, but destroying a powerup brick, even if it is not caught, adds more points to the total than destroying a normal brick. The points score is equal to the points for the bricks destroyed plus the bonus points for timing.
All powerups expire if the player loses a life or beats a level with the exception the extra life powerup, which continues to have effect even after beating a level and expiring after losing a life.
Critical reception.
In their review of "Vortex", Pocket Gamer highlighted the integration of the iPod's scroll wheel with the 360 degree layout. However, the slow pace of the ball was criticized.

</doc>
<doc id="19466354" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19466354" title="1968 FIBA Intercontinental Cup">
1968 FIBA Intercontinental Cup

The 1968 Intercontinental Basketball Cup took place at Palestra, Philadelphia. From the FIBA European Champions Cup participated Real Madrid and Simmenthal Milano, from the South American Club Championship participated Botafogo FR, and from the NABL participated the Akron Wingfoots.
Final standings.
<onlyinclude>
</onlyinclude>

</doc>
<doc id="19466372" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19466372" title="Ria Antoniou">
Ria Antoniou

Ria Antoniou (, , born 14 July 1988) is a Greek beauty pageant titleholder and the 2nd runner-up in "Star Hellas 2008". She missed out on being crowned "Miss Greek Universe or World". Being half peloponnesian, she entered and won the "Miss Peloponnese" pageant in 2007. She represented Greece in the "Model of the World" pageant and placed as a 2nd runner-up. After the pageant she was appointed by the "Star Hellas Organization" to represent Greece in "Miss Earth 2008" on 9 November 2008, in Angeles City (Pampanga, Philippines).
She posed for "Playboy", of "Ballando con le Stelle", the Italian version of "Dancing with the Stars": she is paired with Raimondo Todaro, winner of three different editions of the show (the 2nd, the 3rd and the 6th); they finished at the 3rd place. From 24 March to 7 April 2012 she host, with Paolo Belli and Milly Carlucci, "Ballando con te".

</doc>
<doc id="19466386" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19466386" title="Qiang">
Qiang

Qiang may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19466412" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19466412" title="Sulaiman Shah">
Sulaiman Shah

Shahab al Din Sulaiman shah, (, , d. February 1258 AD), was a governor of Kurdistan and an Abbasid officer who was promoted to commander in chief of the Caliphate army following the Battle of Anbar.
He convinced the Caliph not to surrender to the Mongols. The caliph commissioned him to defend the city. However, the city fell to the Mongols and in February 1258 Hulagu executed Sulaiman Shah along with 700 of his followers.

</doc>
<doc id="19466482" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19466482" title="Jackie Kabler">
Jackie Kabler

Jackie Kabler (born 1970) is a British freelance television presenter and reporter with QVC.
Kabler was born in Coventry, Warwickshire. She worked as a presenter and reporter for Channel Television and then ITV West. She then joined breakfast TV programme "GMTV", where she worked for nine years, two as a reporter/producer and seven as a roving correspondent. Among the major stories Kabler covered for "GMTV" were: the Soham murders; interviewing Ian Huntley on live television days before his arrest for the murders; the impeachment of US President Clinton; the Washington, D.C. sniper attacks; the 2004 Athens Olympics, the 2004 Indian Ocean earthquake; the disappearance of Madeleine McCann.
Kabler left "GMTV" in January 2008 to pursue a freelance career. She presented for the "" on ITV, "ITV News London" on ITV London and Setanta Sports News. From February 2010 she appeared on "BBC Midlands Today" as a presenter and reporter. In February 2013 she began presenting for QVC.

</doc>
<doc id="19466489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19466489" title="European route E018">
European route E018

E018 is a European class B road in Kazakhstan connecting the cities Zhezkazgan – Karagandy - Pavlodar - Uspenka. 
In the International E-road network, a class B road is a branch, link or connecting road of or between two or more class A main roads. In this case the E018 is a connecting road between the main international roads E123 (in city Zhezkazgan), E125 (in city Karagandy), and E127 (in city Pavlodar).
E123 makes the route Tsjeljabinsk (Russia) - Kostanay (Kazakhstan) - Zapadnoje - Boezoeloek - Derzjavinsk - Arkalyk - Zjezkazgan - Kyzylorda - Shymkent - Tasjkent (Uzbekistan) - Aini - Doesjanbe (Tadjikistan)- Nizhny Pyanj. 
E125 makes the route Ishim (Russia) - Petropavlovsk (Kazakhstan)- Kokshetau - Shchuchinsk - Astana - Karagandy - Balkhash - Burubaytal - Almaty - Bishkek (Kyrgyzstan)- Naryn - Torugart. 
E127 makes the route Omsk (Russia) - Pavlodar (Kazakhstan) - Semey - Georgiyevka - Maikapshagai.

</doc>
<doc id="19466502" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19466502" title="Wes Kussmaul">
Wes Kussmaul

Wes Kussmaul, author of several books about online security, is the founder of the Kussmaul Encyclopedia, the first online encyclopedia.
In 1971, while stationed at Whiteman Air Force Base (SAC), Kussmaul received a degree in physics from the University of Central Missouri in Warrensburg, Missouri. After his military service, he became a systems analyst at Liberty Mutual, developing mainframe database applications. His positions in sales management for Gould Incorporated, Benson SA and Tektronix, Inc. and his territory in the Cambridge, Massachusetts research and development community put him in contact with the pre-web Internet pioneers.
Kussmaul Encyclopedia.
In 1980, Kussmaul developed the Kussmaul Encyclopedia which came complete with its own computer system. Kussmaul's online encyclopedic database cross-referenced topics by employing an early example of hypertext. In 1981 he founded the company that became Delphi. Located at 3 Blackstone Street in Cambridge, Delphi was first known as Kussmaul Encyclopedia. In 1982, it featured the ASCII-based encyclopedia, chat, email, newswires and bulletin boards. On March 15, 1983, the Delphi name was first used by General Videotex Corporation. Delphi also carried the Grolier's Online Encyclopedia, which by 1989 had 31,000 entries.
One of the contributors to the Kussmaul Encyclopedia was Dudley M. Marchi, who wrote these Kussmaul entries in May 1984: "Thomas Pynchon," "Harold Pinter," "The Beatles," "John Fowles," "John Lennon," "Michel Foucault."
Kussmaul recalled:
As Delphi's CEO, Kussmaul launched a spin-off company, Global Villages, Inc., to provide magazine publishers with the tools and information that allowed them to offer online services to their subscribers and advertisers under their own name. 
After Rupert Murdoch’s News Corporation bought Delphi in 1993, Kussmaul sold the hosting portion of Global Villages Inc. to a partnership that became part of NTT Verio, an operation known as The Village Group.
The Authenticity Institute.
Wes Kussmaul developed The Authenticity Institute in conjunction with his two books: “Quiet Enjoyment” and “Own Your Privacy” (PKI Press). All three are a response to the architectural flaws of the internet that make identity security difficult and an impending authenticity inflection point, which demonstrates a paramount need for authenticity among internet users. 
Wes Kussmaul is currently the CIO and CEO of The Authenticity Institute, a business incubator that focuses on commercial, non-commercial and non-profit enterprises that promote authenticity of identity online. The Authenticity Institute and its members produce Quiet Enjoyment Infrastructure (QEI). QEI is the construction of 'safe spaces' online where users can operate without worry of identity theft and manipulation. QEI is a form of Public Key Infrastructure (PKI) that uses personal assertions of identity, attestation of identity by a public authority, and a set of ‘keys’ for encrypting and decrypting information which are controlled by the user in order to create and ensure these ‘safe spaces’. Currently, there are five members of The Authenticity Institute that directly contribute to QEI:
Books.
Kussmaul's books about online privacy and security include "Quiet Enjoyment" (2004), "Own Your Privacy" (2007) and "The Future Needs You" (2007).

</doc>
<doc id="19466526" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19466526" title="Arctostaphylos luciana">
Arctostaphylos luciana

Arctostaphylos luciana is a species of manzanita known by the common name Santa Lucia manzanita. It is endemic to the Santa Lucia Mountains of San Luis Obispo County, California, where it grows in the chaparral of the coastal mountain slopes. This is a large shrub reaching over 2 meters tall and known to exceed five meters in height. Its leaves are waxy and woolly to smooth and hairless, with smooth edges. They are rounded to oval in shape and up to 4 centimeters long. The inflorescence is a cluster of hairless, urn-shaped manzanita flowers. The fruit is a green-red to red drupe up to 1.2 centimeters wide.

</doc>
<doc id="19466534" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19466534" title="Battle of Blanco Canyon">
Battle of Blanco Canyon

The Battle of Blanco Canyon was the decisive battle of Col. Ranald S. Mackenzie's initial campaign against the Comanche in West Texas, and marked the first time the Comanches had been attacked in the heart of their homeland. It signified the end of Comanche control over the heart of their Comancheria, and the beginning of the end of the Comanche as a free people. On 12 August 1871 Mackenzie and General Benjamin Grierson were asked by Indian Agent Lawrie Tatum to begin an expedition against the Kotsoteka and Quahadi Comanche bands, both of whom had refused to relocate onto a reservation after the Warren Wagon Train Raid. Col. Mackenzie assembled a powerful force consisting of eight companies of the Fourth United States Cavalry, two companies of the Eleventh Infantry, and a group of twenty Tonkawa scouts.
Onset of the Campaign.
The force assembled at the site of old Camp Cooper, on the Clear Fork of the Brazos River on 19 September 1871. The force set out in a northwesterly direction on 30 September 1871, hoping to find the Quahadi village, which housed the warriors led by Quanah Parker. This village was believed to be encamped in Blanco Canyon near the headwaters of the Freshwater Fork of the Brazos River, southeast of the site of present Crosbyton, Texas. On the fourth night of the march, the expedition established a base camp at the junction of the Salt Fork of the Brazos and Duck Creek, near the site of present Spur, Texas. The following day, Col. Mackenzie made the decision to leave his infantry to fortify the base camp, and set out for Blanco Canyon with his cavalry, hoping to catch the Comanche by surprise, and strike a blow at them in their heartland.
In the afternoon of October 9, 1871, the cavalry force reached the White River and Blanco Canyon, the first non-Comanche military force to enter Blanco Canyon since the rise of the Comanche as a power on the plains. Near midnight, Quanah Parker personally led a small Comanche force which stampeded through the cavalry camp, driving off about seventy horses and mules. As the pursuing cavalry reached the top of a hill on the top of the canyon, they found a much larger party of Indians, who were waiting in ambush. The cavalry fought their way clear, but suffered the loss of one cavalryman, the sole Army fatality of the entire campaign. Lt. Robert Goldthwaite Carter and a detail of five men mounted a rear guard action against the Comanches, and the remainder of the unit retreated. This action on 10 October 1871, won Lt. Carter the Medal of Honor.
Mackenzie's main column and the Tonkawa scouts, hearing the gunfire, advanced and probably saved the detachment from slaughter, as more Comanche had managed to surround the retreating unit. With the arrival of the main cavalry column, Quanah Parker and his warriors retreated. The Comanches fought their way up the walls of Blanco Canyon, sniping at the oncoming troopers and taunting their Tonkawa enemies before disappearing from the Army’s sight as they went over the Caprock Escarpment, and onto the Llano Estacado, Carter lacerating his leg against a boulder in the process.
The remainder of the expedition.
Col. Mackenzie pursued the Indians over the next few days, forcing them to abandon lodge poles, buffalo hides, tools, and most of their possessions as they fled. These were the necessities of life for the Comanche, and meant the coming winter would be unusually bleak, without shelter or accumulated food. The Army was able to catch up with the fleeing warriors, slowed by their families, in the late afternoon of October 12, 1871. Mackenzie was unable to attack them due to the arrival of an unseasonable "blue norther", (a winter storm from the Great Plains). High winds, blinding snow, hail and sleet halted the cavalry advance, and allowed the Comanche to again retreat safely. The cavalry force continued the pursuit the following morning, but the weather and conditions allowed the Comanche to disappear into the storm. Mackenzie ordered his troops to follow what the scouts believed was the Comanche trail for about forty miles, nearly to the vicinity of present-day Plainview, Texas. Given the deteriorating state of his men and horses, and low rations, Mackenzie reluctantly turned back.
Re-Entering Blanco Canyon.
On October 15, 1871, the cavalry re-entered Blanco Canyon and Army scouts saw two Comanches spying on the troops on the walls of the Canyon. In the brief fight that followed their discovery, the two Comanches were killed, while Mackenzie himself, along with another soldier, were wounded. Despite his wound, Mackenzie and his force continued to the mouth of Blanco Canyon, where they rested for a week, awaiting supplies from Henry Ware Lawton. On October 24, 1871, Mackenzie decided to continue the campaign, and began marching towards the headwaters of the Pease River. However, his wound became too painful, he placed Major Clarence Mauck in command, and Mackenzie stayed with the other disabled and dismounted troops at Duck Creek. On November 6, in the midst of a snow storm, Major Mauck's expedition returned. On November 12, 1871, Mackenzie's force made it to Fort Griffin and Fort Richardson on 17 Nov.
Result of the Expedition.
Col. Mackenzie regarded the entire expedition as unsuccessful. The command had marched 509 miles, lost one life, and many horses. He considered that they had accomplished nothing but frighten one hostile Comanche band. However, he had marched to the heart of the Comancheria, penetrated into an area of the Llano Estacado no Americans except Comancheros had ever seen, destroyed the winter equipment of the Comanche he encountered, and driven them from their homeland. The lessons he learned about Plains Indian warfare as a result of the battle of Blanco Canyon and this expedition would stand him in good stead during the Red River War, and resulted a few years later in the surrender of the last free Comanche.

</doc>
<doc id="19466537" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19466537" title="2008 International Rally of Canberra">
2008 International Rally of Canberra

The 2008 International Rally of Canberra was the second Round on the Australian Rally Championship calendar. The 2008 version of the Rally once again saw competitors from the Asia-Pacific Rally Championship, the Australian Rally Championship and the local Rally Championship in the Australian Capital Territory(PCD Engerneering ACT Regional Rally Series). A total of 62 competitors started the Rally.
The Results.
The race was once again held around the Nation's Capital. The gravel roads surrounding the city were once again utilized in the race. A total of 48 cars(not including the local Rally series competing alongside the 2 main competitions) competed across the 18 stages of the Rally. One special note is that the 2008 British Rally Championship Winner, Guy Wilks also competed in this year's Rally.

</doc>
<doc id="19466554" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19466554" title="Eden (TV series)">
Eden (TV series)

Eden was a Channel 4 reality TV series broadcast in spring 2002.
The contestants who were all under 30 had to survive in a remote area of the Australian jungle.
Their numbers were augmented each week by a newcomer selected by the viewers. In the latter part of the series the newcomer then had to select candidates for eviction.
The contestants were able to receive email from viewers which led to conflict when negative remarks by incoming contestant Romany Paige were reported to their subject.
The series was eventually won by one of the six original contestants Cliona O Connor.
The only contestants to achieve subsequent recognition have been Crimewatch presenter Rav Wilding who actually quit before the end of the series and Johny Pitts, the only male Edenite to last the duration of the show, who went on to present CDUK, MTV and currently CBBC.
Although the show did not return for a second series it did have some influence. I'm A Celebrity...Get Me Out Of Here first broadcast later that year was set in a similar location and it was the first reality show to send in a contestant's real-life partner to spice up the drama a device used subsequently in Back To Reality and Big Brother.
External links.
Johny P: 'Return To Eden 2013'

</doc>
<doc id="19466565" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19466565" title="Mount Pisgah (Smith Island)">
Mount Pisgah (Smith Island)

Mount Pisgah is a peak rising to 1860 m in the north-central part of Imeon Range on Smith Island in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica. It is linked by Kostenets Saddle to Drinov Peak to the southwest, and surmounts Dalgopol Glacier to the north and Vetrino Glacier to the west. 
Because the peaks of Smith Island gave it a forked appearance when seen from a distance, American sealers in the 1820s called it "Mount Pisgah Island" after the double-topped Mount Pisgah in the town of Durham, CT. The name has since been restricted to the peak described.
Location.
The peak is located at which is 7.64 km northeast of Mount Foster, 1.85 km northeast of Drinov Peak, 3.9 km southeast of Gregory Point, 4.74 km southwest of Mount Christi and 1.1 km west of Mezek Peak (Bulgarian mapping in 2009).

</doc>
<doc id="19466572" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19466572" title="Josef Mai">
Josef Mai

Major Josef Mai (3 March 1887 - 18 January 1982) Iron Cross First and Second Class, was a World War I fighter pilot credited with 30 victories.
Early life.
Josef Mai was born in Ottorowo, Galizien, to ethnic German parents located in the then Austro-Hungarian Empire. His original military service began on 3 October 1907 with the 10th Lancers. When World War I began Mai was part of the offensive aimed at the French capital of Paris. He later took part in the fighting around Warsaw, Poland. In 1915 he campaigned along the Dniester River. He also served at the battles of Verdun and the Somme.
Aerial service.
Mai joined the German air service in 1915; he trained at the Fokker plant at Leipzig. He originally served in Kasta 29, flying reconnaissance aircraft in 1916. He then underwent fighter training and joined Jagdstaffel 5 in March 1917. As a Vizefeldwebel, he was one of three non-commissioned pilots (along with Fritz Rumey and Otto Koennecke) who flew together so successfully they ended up claiming 40% of the Jasta's victories between them, and making Jasta 5 the third highest scoring unit of the war. The trio was nicknamed "The Golden Triumvirate".
Mai scored his first victory on 20 August 1917, flying an Albatros D.V, and downing a Sopwith Camel of No. 70 Squadron. His fifth victory, over a RAF SE.5a, was on 30 November.
Mai did not score again until 13 January 1918. On 25 April 1918 he forced down British 18-kill ace Lt Maurice Newnham of No. 65 Squadron, for his tenth victory.
By May 1918 Jasta 5 was sharing an airstrip with Jagdgeschwader 1, and as the Flying Circus re-equipped with new Fokker D.VIIs, Mai started flying a cast-off Fokker Dr.I triplane. He flew this triplane (Serial No. 139/17) for his next victory, over a pair of aces in a No. 11 Squadron Bristol F.2B. Pilot Lt Herbert Sellars (8 claims) was killed although Observer Lt. Charles Robson survived and taken prisoner. He claimed three victories with the Triplane.
Mai was prone to paint his planes in a "zebra stripe" pattern,with black and white striping on the fuselage angled to the left viewed from the starboard side. his theory being the optical illusion would help to throw off an enemy pilot's aim. Painted on this background was his insignia of a star and crescent. His Albatros and D.VII were known to bear this paint scheme although his Dr.l paint scheme is uncertain.
On 19 August 1918 he had his most successful day. He attacked two Bristol F.2B fighters from No. 48 Squadron, Royal Air Force. As he hit one Brisfit with incendiary ammunition, the other swerved away from the incoming fire and collided with his wrecked companion. Mai followed up this double kill by downing a 56 Squadron SE.5a later.
On 3 September he was wounded in action in the left thigh. Nevertheless he scored again two days later, and added five more victories during September.
Mai's 26th victory was a No. 64 Squadron SE5a on 5 September 1918. On 27 September 1918, the day of his 29th success, Mai was promoted to Leutnant. His friend Fritz Rumey was also killed in action on that day.
Mai claimed his 30th and last score, a Bristol F.2B of 20 Squadron, killing the 6-kill ace crew of Lt. Nicholson Boulton and 2/Lt. C.H. Chase on 29 September 1918. 15 had been claimed with the Fokker D.VII, 12 with the Albatros and 3 with the Fokker Dr.I. 
Mai was nominated for Germany's highest honor, the Pour le Merite, or Blue Max. Before it could be approved the war ended with Germany's loss.
Postwar life.
Mai is believed to have become a flying instructor for the Luftwaffe during World War II. He died at the age of 94 in January 1982.

</doc>
<doc id="19466578" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19466578" title="2008 Porsche Tennis Grand Prix">
2008 Porsche Tennis Grand Prix

The 2008 Porsche Tennis Grand Prix was a tennis tournament played on indoor hard courts. It was the 31st edition of the Porsche Tennis Grand Prix, and was part of the Tier II Series of the 2008 WTA Tour. It took place at the Porsche Arena in Stuttgart, Germany, from September 27 through October 5, 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19466584" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19466584" title="1885–86 Newton Heath LYR F.C. season">
1885–86 Newton Heath LYR F.C. season

The 1885–86 season was Newton Heath LYR's third season of competitive football. The only competition that the club entered their first team in this season was the Manchester Cup, a competition in which they had reached the final at the first attempt the previous season. It was a case of "second time lucky" for the Heathens, as they went one better in the 1886 competition, beating Manchester 2–1 in the final to claim the first trophy in the club's history.
The Lancashire Cup, which the club had entered and been soundly beaten in both of the two previous seasons, split into "Senior" and "Junior" competitions in 1885. Believing that the club's status was better suited to the Junior competition, the Heathens entered their reserve team for the 1885–86 season.
Manchester and District Challenge Cup.
After reaching the final of the Manchester Cup in 1884–85, the team would have been determined to go one better in 1885–86. Like the previous season, they were drawn at home to Eccles in the first round. Goals from Gotheridge and Watkins secured a 2–0 win for the Heathens and passage to the Second Round. Only the results of the Second and Third Round matches remain, with Newton Heath beating Gorton Villa 5–0 in the Second Round and Thornham 10–0 in the Third.
This set up a semi-final with Hurst to be played on a neutral venue in Salford. Gotheridge and Watkins were again on the scoresheet, Watkins getting a brace in a 3–1 win. As in the previous season, the final of the competition was played at Whalley Range, where Newton Heath were to play against Manchester. A strong wind and the incline of the pitch aided Newton Heath in the first half, and they went into half-time 2–0 up, goals coming from Watkins and Sam Black. There was a certain amount of controversy about Watkins' goal, the Manchester players believing not only that Davies was offside before striking the original shot, but also that Watkins had diverted the ball into the net with his hand. Despite the Manchester appeals, the goal stood. Farrington scored a consolation goal for Manchester in the second half, but Newton Heath managed to hang on for the win, the first trophy in their history.

</doc>
<doc id="19466605" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19466605" title="Arctostaphylos malloryi">
Arctostaphylos malloryi

Arctostaphylos malloryi is a species of manzanita known by the common name Mallory's manzanita. It is endemic to California, where it is found in the Inner North Coast Ranges west and northwest of the Sacramento Valley. It is a resident of the chaparral plant community, often on volcanic soils. This is a short erect shrub which may exceed one meter in height. Its branches are woolly, glandular, and bristly. The leaves may be woolly to waxy and nearly hairless. They are rounded to oval in shape and 2 to 3 centimeters long. The bristly inflorescence is a cluster of urn-shaped manzanita flowers which are hairy inside. The fruit is a drupe just under a centimeter wide which is hairy when new and becomes hairless as it ripens.

</doc>
<doc id="19466608" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19466608" title="Mount Christi">
Mount Christi

Mount Christi is a mountain rising to in the northern Imeon Range on Smith Island in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica. The peak overlooks Saparevo Glacier to the north and Kongur Glacier to the west-northwest.
The name "Cape Christi" was given for the north cape of Smith Island by a British expedition under Henry Foster, 1828–31, but that feature had already been named Cape Smith. Since the latter name is approved for the cape, the UK Antarctic Place-names Committee recommended in 1953 that for the sake of historical continuity the name "Christi" be approved for the mountain now described.
Location.
The peak is located at which is 4.74 km northeast of Mount Pisgah, 3.36 km south-southwest of Delyan Point and 3.22 km southwest of Matochina Peak (Bulgarian mapping in 2009). The USGS gives the location as .

</doc>
<doc id="19466611" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19466611" title="WDCK">
WDCK

WDCK (88.9 FM) is a radio station licensed to Oolitic, Indiana, USA, and serving the Bloomington, Indiana area. The station is currently owned by Spirit Educational Radio.
History.
The station went on the air as WXVW on 1998-12-03. On 2002-09-30, the station changed its call sign to WXVW, on 2005-07-14 to WMYJ, on 2005-11-29 to WMYJ-FM, and on 2013-12-02 to the current WDCK.

</doc>
<doc id="19466612" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19466612" title="2008 Porsche Tennis Grand Prix – Singles">
2008 Porsche Tennis Grand Prix – Singles

Justine Henin was the defending champion, but retired from the sport on May 14, 2008.
Jelena Janković won in the final 6–4, 6–3, against Nadia Petrova.
Seeds.
The top four seeds receive a bye into the second round.

</doc>
<doc id="19466642" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19466642" title="2008 Porsche Tennis Grand Prix – Doubles">
2008 Porsche Tennis Grand Prix – Doubles

Květa Peschke and Rennae Stubbs were the defending champions, but Anna-Lena Grönefeld and Patty Schnyder defeated them 6–2, 6–4, in the final.

</doc>
<doc id="19466645" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19466645" title="Shooting at the 1992 Summer Olympics – Women's 10 metre air rifle">
Shooting at the 1992 Summer Olympics – Women's 10 metre air rifle

Women's 10 metre air rifle was one of the thirteen shooting events at the 1992 Summer Olympics. It was the first Olympic competition after the introduction of the new target in 1989, and thus two Olympic records were set. Vesela Letcheva and Yeo Kab-soon shared the pre-final lead with 396 points, and Yeo outperformed Letcheva by almost three points in the final.
Qualification round.
OR Olympic record – Q Qualified for final
Final.
OR Olympic record

</doc>
<doc id="19466649" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19466649" title="WCJL">
WCJL

WCJL (90.9 FM) is a Christian radio station licensed to Morgantown, Indiana, USA, the station serves the Bloomington IN area. The station is an affiliate of Calvary Radio Network, and is currently owned by Calvary Radio Network, Inc. who purchased it from Calvary Chapel Costa Mesa in May 2010.
History.
The station went on the air as WCJL on 2002-12-31. 
External links.
<br clear=all>

</doc>
<doc id="19466656" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19466656" title="WAYI">
WAYI

WAYI (93.9 FM) is an American radio station licensed to Sellersburg, Indiana, USA, serving the Louisville, Kentucky area. The station is currently owned by Cumulus Media, with WAY-FM Network operating the station on a LMA.
History.
The station was initially licensed as WZZB on 1990-02-01. On 1991-05-24, the station's license was deleted (DWZZB) but was later relicensed as WQKC.
WQKC changed its sports radio format to classic hits on November 20, 2008, after changing call letters to WLCL. On August 2, 2010 WLCL and WQKC both went silent after Cumulus decided to cease operations in the Louisville market.
In 2011, the station returned to the air as WAYI, carrying the Christian Rock format originating with the WAY-FM Network, which runs the station, still under the ownership of Cumulus Media, in a LMA.

</doc>
<doc id="19466668" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19466668" title="Tasman Island Lighthouse">
Tasman Island Lighthouse

The Tasman Island Lighthouse is on Tasman Island off the coast of south-eastern Tasmania, Australia. It was one of the most isolated lighthouses in Australia. It was built in 1906, automated in 1976 and demanned in 1977. The island is now part of the Tasman National Park. The lighthouse and associated structures, such as the keepers’ cottages, are listed on Australia’s Register of the National Estate. The original first order Fresnel lens by Chance Brothers can be seen on display at the Australian National Maritime Museum in Sydney, the original lantern is stored at the Maritime Museum of Tasmania in Hobart.

</doc>
<doc id="19466671" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19466671" title="Dick L. Harris">
Dick L. Harris

Richard Leonard "Dick" Harris (14 October 1885 – 31 October 1945) was an Australian rules footballer who played for Essendon, Carlton and St Kilda in the Victorian Football League (VFL).
Harris was a defender and played his early football with North Melbourne in the Victorian Football Association (VFA). He joined Essendon in 1905 and made three appearances before crossing to Carlton the following season. 
In the 1907 semi final against St Kilda, Harris was moved to full-forward and starred with three goals. As a result he remained near goals for the Grand Final and earned a premiership. He retired after the win but returned to action in 1909, now back in defense. 
He finished his career at St Kilda where he played two seasons.

</doc>
<doc id="19466681" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19466681" title="Henry Boyle, 3rd Earl of Shannon">
Henry Boyle, 3rd Earl of Shannon

Henry Boyle, 3rd Earl of Shannon KP, PC (Ire) (8 August 1771 – 22 April 1842), styled Viscount Boyle from 1764 until 1807, was among the last surviving Members of the Parliament of Ireland. He represented Cork County in the new Parliament of the United Kingdom from 1801 to 1807. He then briefly served as Member of Parliament for Bandon in 1807, succeeding as Earl of Shannon later in the same year. He served as Custos rotulorum for County Cork from 1807 to his death. He was the first Lord Lieutenant of Cork from 1831 to his death.
Family.
He was a son of Richard Boyle, 2nd Earl of Shannon and Catherine Ponsonby. 
Career.
Parliament of Ireland.
Boyle was educated at Winchester College. He represented the borough of Clonakilty in the Irish Parliament from 1793 until 1797 and then Cork County from 1797 until the Act of Union in 1801. In 1798, he was also elected for Rathcormack, however chose not to sit. According to his obituary in "The Gentleman's Magazine", Boyle "took an active part in arming the yeomanry in Ireland." On 31 October 1796 Boyle was commissioned Captain of five different units, those of Castlemartyr, Cloyne, Cove, Imokilly and Middleton. At the time the Kingdom of Great Britain and the Kingdom of Ireland were under personal union. The Yeomanry were volunteer regiments raised in many counties from yeomen. Their purpose was to strengthen the defense of the two Kingdoms which faced the threat of an invasion by the French First Republic.
The Irish Rebellion of 1798 was assisted by a French invasion force under Jean Joseph Amable Humbert. The rebellion and the invasion failed. In order to secure control of Ireland, the Parliament of Ireland and the Parliament of Great Britain negotiated a merger of the two kingdoms. The Act of Union 1800 resulted in the formation of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland. The final passage of the Act in the Irish Parliament was achieved with substantial majorities, achieved in part,according to contemporary documents, through bribery, in the form of peerages and honours to critics to get their votes. Whereas the first attempt had been defeated in the Irish House of Commons by 109 votes against to 104 for, the second vote in 1800 produced a result of 158 to 115. By agreement, Ireland gained 100 seats in the British House of Commons and 32 seats in the House of Lords: 28 representative peers elected for life, and four clergymen of the (Anglican) Church of Ireland, chosen for each session.
Parliament of the United Kingdom.
Boyle was among the new Members of the House of Commons, representing Cork County in the new Parliament of the United Kingdom from 1801 to 1807. There was no actual United Kingdom general election, 1801. All members of the House of Commons entered it by right of their previous election to seats in Great Britain or Ireland. Cork County also had a second representative in the person of Robert Uniacke Fitzgerald. They are both listed among the Members of the 1st UK Parliament from Ireland. Boyle and Fitzgerald run unopposed in the United Kingdom general election, 1802. They were both among the Members of the 2nd UK Parliament from Ireland.
On 6 August 1803, Boyle was commissioned Captain of a sixth unit, that of Youghal. During the 1st and 2nd Parliaments Boyle was not listed as either a Tory or a Whig. However he ran as a Whig in the United Kingdom general election, 1806. He was elected alongside George Ponsonby, a fellow Whig. Their faction was at the time under the leadership of Charles Grey, 2nd Earl Grey.
In the United Kingdom general election, 1807, Boyle changed his constituency. Ponsonby and James Bernard were elected in County Cork. On 15 May 1807, Boyle was elected Member of Parliament for Bandon He succeeded Courtenay Boyle in the position. Henry was listed as a Tory in this occasion. Possibly indicating support for the political coalition led by William Cavendish-Bentinck, 3rd Duke of Portland. On 18 May 1807, Boyle was also elected in Youghal as a Whig. He succeeded James Bernard.
On 20 May 1807, the 2nd Earl of Shannon died. Henry succeeded him in his titles and left the House of Commons. He served as Custos rotulorum for County Cork from 1807 to his death. Shannon entered the Privy Council of Ireland in 1808. That same year he became a Knight of St. Patrick. He was the first Lord Lieutenant of Cork from 1831 to his death.
His death reportedly followed "an illness of nearly two years' duration".
Marriage and children.
On 7 June 1798, Boyle married Sarah Hyde, daughter of John Hyde of Castle Hyde. Her mother was Sarah Burton. Their twelve children were listed by order of birth in his obituary:

</doc>
<doc id="19466692" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19466692" title="Arctostaphylos mendocinoensis">
Arctostaphylos mendocinoensis

Arctostaphylos mendocinoensis is a species of manzanita known by the common name Pygmy manzanita. It is endemic to Mendocino County, California and Sonoma County, California, where it is known from only one occurrence in the pygmy forests along the coastline. This is a small, mat-forming shrub growing in low mounds less than half a meter tall. It has red, shreddy bark and bristles along its smaller branches. The leaves are dark green, shiny, convex, and hairless, and rarely more than a centimeter long. The inflorescence is a dense cluster of urn-shaped flowers with four tiny lobes at the mouth. The fruit is a cylindrical drupe only a few millimeters long, containing four minute seeds.

</doc>
<doc id="19466762" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19466762" title="The Room in the Tower">
The Room in the Tower

The Room in the Tower is a short horror story by E.F. Benson, published in 1912. A shortened version was republished by Penguin Books in Level 2.
Plot summary.
The story tells of a young man who frequently has nightmares, which tell of his visiting a friend's house during summer and then encountering the room in the tower, where he has to stay. The young man then is invited (in real-life) to a friend's house during summer, and he is surprised that everything there matches his strange nightmares. Eventually seeing what the room hides inside, it reveals to be a gruesome portrait of Mrs. Stone, the mother of his "friend" in his nightmares. The young man eventually encounters the true horror that the room hides... a vampirized Julia Stone.

</doc>
<doc id="19466772" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19466772" title="Max Hord">
Max Hord

Max Hord (born April 5, 1953) in Raleigh, North Carolina was an amateur and professional boxer.
Amateur career
Hord began his amateur career in 1966 where he won several bouts at the local Police Athletic League in Fernandina Beach. He was trained by Vernon Guest who taught him how to throw a perfect left hook. Hord quit boxing when he entered High School and concentrated on baseball. After graduating from High School in 1971 he began another amateur career with veteran trainer Earl Burch. Hord boxed for 3 years in Florida and Georgia tournaments while at the same time playing baseball at Florida Junior college in Jacksonville, FL.
Professional career
Hord began his professional career in 1974 and boxed until 1983. His most notable fight was against Tony Danza where he was knocked out in one round. 
Today
Max Hord is living in Fernandina Beach,Fla with his wife Jo Ann. They have one son Max Benton Hord who is nineteen.

</doc>
<doc id="19466830" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19466830" title="93d Air Refueling Squadron">
93d Air Refueling Squadron

The 93d Air Refueling Squadron (93 ARS) is part of the 92d Air Refueling Wing at Fairchild Air Force Base, Washington. It operates the KC-135 Stratotanker aircraft conducting aerial refueling missions. 
History.
World War II.
Activated in nonoperational status at New Delhi or Karachi (sources differ), India, on 25 Oct 1942. Moved to Pandaveswar Airfield on 7 Jan 1943 and became operational with B-24 Liberators. Commenced combat operations on 26 Jan 1943. 
Engaged in very long range strategic bombardment operations, attacking communications targets (roads, railroads, etc.) in central and southern Burma, all without fighter escort due to the long distances involved. Primary targets were oil refineries, docks, depots, enemy airfields, marshalling yards, bridges, locomotive repair sheds, naval vessels, and troop concentrations. Moved to Tezgaon Airfield, India, on 17 Jun 1944, and assumed a new mission: transporting high-octane gasoline over Himalayan Mountains “The Hump” to bases in China. This mission lasted until 5 October, at which time the squadron moved back to Pandaveswar to resume bombing missions in Burma and Thailand. A detachment of the 493rd Squadron operated from Luliang Airfield, China, 17 Dec 1944-26 Jan 1945, hauling gasoline to Suichwan Airfield, China. The squadron proper began practice with Azon MCLOS-guidance bombs, as the only known USAAF unit to use them outside of the European Theater of World War II and which also which proved very effective against bridges and rail lines. In early 1945 the squadron concentrated on attacks against the Burma-Thailand railroad, the most important line left to the enemy in Burma. The squadron also dropped propaganda leaflets, from June-September 1945 and the end of the war. 
After fighting ended in Burma the 493rd Bomb Squadron was ordered to practice Azon bombing in China, but soon “alerted” for inactivation. With its parent (7th Bomb Group) the 493rd staged through Dudhkundi, Kanchrapara, and Camp Angus (near Calcutta), departing Calcutta aboard the USS General Black on 7 Dec 1945. The vessel reached the U.S. on 5 Jan 1946 and the squadron inactivated at Camp Kilmer, NJ, the following day
Strategic Air Command.
Activated on 1 Mar 1949 as the 93rd Air Refueling Squadron, Medium, but was not manned until September 1950. Received KB-29P Superfortress tankers, October 1950-Jun 1951. Became combat ready in October 1951. The 93rd ARS deployed to RAF Upper Heyford, England, 6 Dec 1951-6 Mar 1952, while the parent wing was at nearby RAF Mildenhall. The squadron supported Operation FOX PETER II, the movement of the 31st Fighter-Escort Wing from the U.S. to Japan, in July 1952 using 11 KB-20Ps at Guam and Kwajalein to refuel some 58 F-84G fighters on their way to the Korean War. The squadron converted from KB-29s to KC-97G Stratotankers in November and December 1953. It undertook several oversea deployments, to Newfoundland, Greenland, French Morocco, and Alaska, in 1954-1956.
The 93rd ARS began training its aircrews to operate KC-135 Stratotankers in May 1957. Began receiving KC-135s on 28 Jun 1957, three days after converting to KC-135 aircrew training as primary mission. Possessed 19 tankers in December 1957 and 39 by May 1958. 
Effective 1 Jul 1959, the resources of the 93rd ARS were divided with the 924th ARS, which unit assumed the SAC KC-135 aircrew training mission with 15 aircraft. The 93rd ARS, at the same time, resumed full-time air refueling with 20 KC-135s. This status lasted until 21 Aug 1963, when the 93rd ARS ceased standing alert and prepared to resume full-time KC-135 aircrew training. On the 26th of August the 93rd once again began KC-135 aircrew training as its primary mission. It retained Emergency War Order (EWO) commitments along with its training mission, but did not stand alert.
Modern era.
The squadron’s mission remained basically the same until 31 Mar 1995. Thousands of Strategic Air Command and some Air Mobility Command KC-135 aircrews received flight training from the 93 ARS. Each crew (pilot, copilot, navigator, and boom operator), after academic training with the 4017th Training Squadron at Castle AFB, received 45 days of flight training from the 93rd ARS. The squadron also provided specialized training of shorter duration to senior officers (such as wing commanders). For a period the 93rd ARS also sent instructor teams to locations where Air Force Reserve and Air National Guard units were converting to KC-135 tanker operations to help in-house training programs. On rare occasions the 93rd had deployed some of its aircraft and crews to meet its own EWO commitments or to meet needs exceeding the capability of the 924th ARS. A few such deployments occurred in 1980. With the BRAC-directed closure of Castle AFB, On 31 Mar 1995, the 93 ARS relocated to Fairchild AFB, Washington, and became a deployable air refueling squadron under the 92d Air Refueling Wing (92 ARW).

</doc>
<doc id="19466831" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19466831" title="Joe Davies (footballer born 1864)">
Joe Davies (footballer born 1864)

Joseph E. "Joe" Davies (12 July 1864 – 7 October 1943) was a Welsh footballer who played at half-back for Newton Heath and Wolverhampton Wanderers in the late 1880s and early 1890s. He also made seven appearances for the Welsh national team.
Paying career.
Born in Cefn Mawr, near Ruabon, he began his football career with local-based Druids in 1882. He immediately became a key member of the side which reached the fifth round of the FA Cup, going out to Blackburn Olympic in February 1883. A "solidly built" and totally reliable player, who was "strong in the tackle", his enthusiasm "drew the best out of his colleagues".
In 1886, he joined Newton Heath, along with his Druids team mates, brothers Jack and Roger Doughty. He made his competitive debut for the club in their first ever FA Cup match against Fleetwood Rangers on 30 October 1886, playing at centre-half. Davies played for Newton Heath for four seasons, making just over 50 competitive appearances and scoring seven goals, including 21 appearances in the Football Alliance in 1889–90.
In August 1890, he was transferred to Wolverhampton Wanderers of the First Division, where he made his debut on 15 September 1890 in a 4–2 win at Sunderland. Wolves reached the final of the FA Cup in 1893, but despite being a regular in the Football League with 18 appearances in 1892–93, Davies was not selected for the final against Everton, with Wolves fielding an all-English side. After the final, Davies made only one further appearance for Wolves and quit them in the summer. Having made 34 league appearances over his three seasons for the club he moved back to Wales to play for Druids again.
Davies won his first cap for Wales on 4 February 1888 in a 5-1 loss to England at Crewe. He added four more before leaving Newton Heath in 1890, and two final ones during his time at Wolves.
He retired from football in 1895 at the age of 31 and became a farmer, keeping a butcher's shop in Cefn Mawr unitil his death there in October 1943.
Family.
Three of his brothers also played for Wales: Lloyd (16 appearances), Robert (1 appearance) and Thomas (4 appearances).

</doc>
<doc id="19466883" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19466883" title="Joseph Ardizzone">
Joseph Ardizzone

Joseph "Iron Man" Ardizzone (November 19, 1884 – October 15, 1931) was an early Los Angeles mobster, who became the first Boss of the Los Angeles crime family. He was involved in a long-standing feud with the Matranga family, and became the only Los Angeles boss to be murdered by his own men. He once claimed to have killed 30 men.
Early life.
Born Giuseppe Ernesto Ardizzone in Piana dei Greci, in the Province of Palermo, Sicily, to Antonino Ardizzone on November 19, 1884. Some of his maternal ancestors were descended from Albanians who fought Muslims during the 16th century invasions in eastern Europe. The Albanians were given land grants in what later became Italy, and with Piana di Greci being one of the larger Albanian communities. The Ardizzones were related to several other families and they would maintain contact in America. Those families included the Cuccias and the Matrangas.
Early years in America.
The Ardizzone family came to America at different times. Antonino came in the later 19th century, landing in Louisiana then taking the train to southern California. He became a wealthy farmer and wine maker. His other children, including Stefano and Francesco also moved to the Los Angeles area. Giuseppe was one of the last to arrive.
Matranga feud.
For reasons uncertain Giuseppe, who Americanized his name to Joseph, became involved in a dispute with the Matrangas who lived in Los Angeles. They were distant cousins from Piana dei Greci. In what he later called an act of self-defense, Joseph shot and killed a Matranga ally named George Maisano in 1906. He then fled California and hid in different states.
He eventually returned and was arrested, but the charges against him were dropped. He then married a young girl named Elsa who was the daughter of a German neighbor in the city of Sunland, where they lived at that time. Shortly after that their home was burned down by arsonists.
Later life.
While it is uncertain when Ardizzone became a member of the Mafia, or even if his immediate family were members, he was in a leadership position in the early 1920s. Upon the resignation of Rosario DeSimone for unknown reasons, he became the next chief of the Los Angeles crime family.
During his time as boss Prohibition was active and many, if not most, Mafiosi were involved in bootlegging. The Los Angeles Family was certainly active during this time period.
In 1931, when the Castellammarese War between Joseph Masseria and Salvatore Maranzano was taking place, the Los Angeles crime family may have supported Maranzano. Nick Gentile notes in his memoirs that during a conference Maranzano was backed by two men from California. Joseph Bonanno {died 2002} and his son Salvatore Bonanno {died 2008} wrote of several close associates in the Los Angeles area, such as Jimmy Costa (from Castellammare del Golfo), Nick Guastella, Frank Bompensiero and Tony Mirabile.
It was also during this time that a faction developed that opposed Ardizzone. In early 1931 he was driving with his friend Jimmy Basile when gunmen drove by and shot at them. Basile was killed and Ardizzone wounded. Ardizzone managed to be taken to the house of Leon DeSimone, the physician son of former L.A. don Rosario DeSimone. He was treated and sent to a hospital. A second attempt was made on his life in the hospital, so his family came to act as bodyguards. Underworld sources indicated that he agreed to retire after these incidents.
The opposing faction apparently did not believe Ardizzone, and on October 15, 1931, while on his way to a cousin's house in Etiwanda, driving a 1930 Ford Coupe SRW7653 and carrying a .41 caliber Colt revolver No.323 he "disappeared". An intense search followed, but his body was never found. After seven years Ardizzone's wife had him declared legally dead.

</doc>
<doc id="19466909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19466909" title="2008 KNSB Dutch Single Distance Championships">
2008 KNSB Dutch Single Distance Championships

The 2008 KNSB Dutch Single Distance Championships were held at the Thialf ice stadium in Heerenveen from Friday October 26 until Sunday October 28, 2007. Although the tournament was held in 2007 it was the 2008 edition as it is part of the 2007/2008 speed skating season.
Medalists.
Men.
Source: www.schaatsen.nl & SchaatsStatistieken.nl 
Women.
Source: www.schaatsen.nl & SchaatsStatistieken.nl 

</doc>
<doc id="19466911" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19466911" title="Marguerite Wilson">
Marguerite Wilson

Marguerite Wilson was a record-breaking cyclist from Bournemouth. In 1939 she broke the Land's End to John o' Groats and records. When World War II stopped her efforts in 1941 she held every Women's Road Records Association (R.R.A.) bicycle record. For her achievements she was celebrated in the Golden Book of Cycling and received the Bidlake Memorial Prize.
Career.
Wilson started racing in 1935, when she was 17. She broke broke three records riding as an amateur in 1938. Then in 1939 she turned professional and broke 11 records (including two of her own from 1938). The pinnacle of her year was completing the "End to End" ride from Land’s End to John O’Groats in 2d 22h 52m, continuing to complete the 1,000 miles in a record 3d 11h 44m. When World War II stopped her efforts in 1941 she held all 16 Women's R.R.A. bicycle records. In her career she won over 50 medals and trophies, including the Frederick Thomas Bidlake Memorial Plaque for her End-to-End record.
Honours.
In 1939 she received the annual Bidlake Memorial Prize that has been awarded from 1934 until the present in honour of Frederick Thomas Bidlake. Her citation says:
Marguerite Wilson for her bicycle records, Land’s End to John O’Groats in 2 days 22 hrs. 52 mins. and 1,000 miles in 3 days 11 hrs. 44 mins. accomplished in one ride, 29th August – 2nd September 1939.
On 30 April 1947 her achievements were celebrated in the Golden Book of Cycling.
Personal life.
Marguerite Wilson was a stewardess for British Overseas Airways Corporation (B.O.A.C) in 1948, working Short Flying boats from the Marine Airway terminal, Solent, Southampton, Hampshire.

</doc>
<doc id="19466916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19466916" title="Gading Sari">
Gading Sari

Gading Sari Aviation Services is a Malaysian cargo air service that operates for Poslaju.Currently,they operates 2 B737-400F to East Malaysia cities of Kuching, Miri and Kota Kinabalu.

</doc>
<doc id="19466921" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19466921" title="Denial (novel)">
Denial (novel)

Denial is a mystery novel written by Stuart M. Kaminsky, a Grandmaster of the Mystery Writers of America. It is a Lew Fonesca mystery and was released July 8, 2005.
The Two Mysteries.
This novel has two mysteries.
Lew, a process server and an occasional amateur detective, is summoned by an elderly resident in Seaside Assisted Living asking him to prove that a murder has occurred in the facility because no one will believe her. A mother, named Nancy Root, pays him to find the hit-and-run driver who killed her son.
Main characters.
1. Lewis Fonesca - amateur sleuth
2. Ann Horowitz - psychologist and friend of Lew
3. Nancy Root - mother of Kyle McClory
4. Kyle McClory - victim of the hit-and-run driver, John Welles
5. John Wellington Welles - hit-and -run driver who ran over Kyle
6. Dorothy Cgnozic - old woman who says she saw someone murdered in the Seaside Assisted Living
7. Vivian Pastor - the one who was murdered by her daughter-in-law, Alberta Pastor
8. Alberta Pastor - murderer of Vivian Pastor
9. Georgia Cubbins - mother of Alberta who will confess what her daughter did to Vivian
10. Ames McKinney - older friend and guardian of Lewis who helped him in his expedition

</doc>
<doc id="19466924" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19466924" title="Asgat">
Asgat

Asgat may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19466925" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19466925" title="Treverton Preparatory School and College">
Treverton Preparatory School and College

Treverton Preparatory School and College, situated in Mooi River, South Africa, cater for boys and girls of all faiths from Grades 000 to 12 and Post-Matric. A member of the Independent Schools Association of Southern Africa (ISASA), Treverton is an inter-denominational Christian school founded on a Baptist heritage.
History.
Peter Binns (grandson of Sir Henry Binns, third prime minister of Natal) opened the Treverton Preparatory School for Boys on the present Prep School site in 1939, serving as Headmaster until his death in 1957. It had been his wish that Treverton continue in perpetuity, but it was “"with great sadness and utmost reluctance"” that his successor, Douglas Pennington, and the administrators decided to close the school and put the property up for sale in 1961. The Rev Sydney Hudson-Reed, then President of the Baptist Union of South Africa, cherished the idea of establishing a school embracing the Baptist ethos. He visited the derelict Treverton in 1963, shared his enthusiasm with friends and encouraged his brother Derek Hudson-Reed, a teacher at St Stithians College, to visit the school site.
The five Founders of the Treverton Trust who re-established the school, were the Rev Dr Syd Hudson-Reed (RIP 2010), Prof John Jonsson (RIP 2011), Dr Derek Hudson-Reed (RIP 2003), Mr Wilfred Harland (RIP 1998) and the Rev Rae Trew.
The Preparatory School opened in 1964 with 51 pupils under the headmastership of Derek Hudson-Reed, who took the school through to the first Matric class in 1970. Girls were first admitted in 1978 and the Post-Matric course started in 1987.
Academics.
Treverton College is a mainstream, independent, co-educational school writing the Independent Examinations Board examinations.
Since 1995 it has enjoyed a 100% National Senior Certificate (Matric) pass rate
Treverton does not require an entrance examination, but acceptance is dependant on school reports and interviews.
Environmental education.
Treverton has developed a reputation as a leader in Environmental Education/Education for Sustainable Development at school level. The 270-hectare Treverton estate has a variety of ecosystems - wetland, grassland, rocky outcrops, springs, spring dams, catchment area and indigenous forest together with exotic forest and plants.
In 2000 a game fence was erected and the Treverton Wildlife Area (TWA) was established as the first natural, wildlife and game area in South Africa entirely managed by school pupils and staff under the guidance of experts in the field.
Awards.
For three consecutive years Treverton has been awarded the Eco-Schools Green Flag (2005, 2006, and 2007).
International environmental involvement.
In 1982 Treverton hosted the first International Environmental Education Conference in Southern Africa at which the Environmental Education Association of Southern Africa (EEASA) was formed. In 2004 Treverton hosted the EEASA and ENO conferences. ENO-Environment Online is a global virtual school for environmental awareness (http://eno.joensuu.fi).
Recognition of environmental efforts.
Treverton was the first South African school to introduce school colours and awards for Outdoor Pursuits and other environmental projects undertaken by pupils.

</doc>
<doc id="19466926" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19466926" title="Gateway Group">
Gateway Group

Gateway Group is one of Sri Lanka's largest educational conglomerates. Established in 1986 by R. I. T. Alles, former State Secretary of Education and a prominent educationist in Sri Lanka, the Gateway Group's subsidiaries include international schools, graduate education and professional training throughout the country and abroad. 
Subsidiaries.
Other subsidiaries.
Other subsidiaries include:

</doc>
<doc id="19466933" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19466933" title="Zelimkhan Huseynov">
Zelimkhan Huseynov

Zelimkhan Huseynov (; born July 13, 1981) is a male freestyle wrestler from Azerbaijan. He participated in Men's freestyle 60 kg at 2008 Summer Olympics. In the 1/16 final he was beaten by Mavlet Batirov from Russia. After winning two fights in repechage round he lost the bronze medal fight with Iranian Morad Mohammadi.

</doc>
<doc id="19466935" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19466935" title="Minnie Pit Disaster">
Minnie Pit Disaster

The Minnie Pit disaster was a coal mining accident in Halmer End, Staffordshire, UK in which 155 men died. The disaster took place on 12 January 1918, at the height of the Great War. 
The disaster, which was caused by an explosion due to firedamp, is the worst ever recorded in the North Staffordshire Coalfield.
The Colliery.
The Minnie Pit was located in the small village of Halmer End, Newcastle under Lyme and was opened in 1881. It was named after Minnie Craig, the daughter of one of the owners, a Mr. W.Y. Craig.
The Pit was the downcast shaft for the Podmore Hall Colliery, a wider industrial concern that mined coal at the Podmore Hall site in nearby Apedale at the Burley Pit, and also included the ironworks, forge and coking ovens at Apedale. In 1890, the entire combine was formed into the Midland Coal, Coke and Iron Company, Ltd. and apart from mining and iron making, the combine company had its own mineral railway, the Apedale and Podmore Hall Railway.
The Minnie Pit was 359 yards deep and had access to five seams of thick, good quality coal. Before the disaster it was an extremely profitable pit. Together with the wider operations of the business it was one of the biggest mining and iron making operations in North Staffordshire.
Previous accidents at the pit.
Before the main disaster in 1918, there were two other explosions recorded at the pit. In 1898, on 6 February, a huge explosion killed all the pit ponies but fortunately no miners. On 17 January 1915, nine miners were killed by an explosion. Both these explosions happened on a Sunday, hence the relatively low loss of life. Among the dead was the colliery engineer, a Mr. John White.
Accidents within the Podmore Hall Combine.
Along with the explosions at the Minnie Pit, there were a number of accidents at the Burley Pit, the principal coal winding pit for the Podmore Hall operations. On 23 March 1878, 23 miners were killed; in June 1878, 9 men were killed; and, on 2 April 1891, 10 men were killed. All were explosions resulting from firedamp.
Main disaster.
On Saturday, 12 January 1918, 248 men were working underground when a huge explosion tore apart the Bullhurst and Banbury Seams. Within minutes 155 men died from the effects of the explosion, from roof falls or from inhaling poisonous gas. Rescue teams all across the North Staffordshire Coalfield were mobilised to search for survivors. However, Hugh Doorbar, Captain of the Birchenwood Colliery No. 1 rescue team, also lost his life two days later, bringing the final death toll to 156.
The explosions caused such devastation underground that it took 12 months to recover all the bodies from the pit. Large sections of the mine had collapsed, methane gas prevailed in the atmosphere underground and rescue operations were at all times aware that further roof falls or explosions could occur. In total 155 miners lost their lives.The main underground explosion killed 11 workers, while carbon monoxide poisoning took the lives of 144 others. Among the dead were 44 boys who were sixteen years old or younger.
Investigation.
Under section 83 of the Coal Mines Act 1911, a formal investigation of the causes and circumstances of the disaster took place. The investigation was headed by William Walker CBE, acting inspector of Mines, and the inquiry took place in December 1919 at Kings Hall, Stoke. The jury returned the following verdict, after hearing witness evidence from 40 persons, viz:
In summary, the jury concluded that no blame could be apportioned to any one individual but regulations should be issued for the treatment of coal dust. This was recommended because it was thought that the wholesale devastation of the mine was propagated by an abundance of dust.
Aftermath.
The effects of the disaster were huge on Halmerend and the neighbouring villages, which depended on the pit for survival. This was also at a time when the Great War was in its fourth bloody year and many families, faced with the loss of its men on the Western Front, were now faced with this terrible loss of life at home. A relief fund was set up by the Miners Federation Of Great Britain and 6d and 3d a week were collected from miners and boys. There were other relief efforts and the company paid compensation to the families, but the effects on families losing their breadwinners meant many were forced into poverty and menial work to survive.
The Minnie Pit, and indeed the whole of the Podmore Hall Combine, never really recovered from the disaster and in April 1930, the entire operations of the company, from mining to iron making, were closed and thousands thrown out of work.
Minnie Pit Bible.
A footnote to the terrible disaster is the story of the Minnie Pit Bible. The Bible belonged to a man called Samuel Richardson who was prominent in the local Methodist Chapel in the village. Samuel had the bible with him when he perished in the disaster and it was found next to his body. The bible was given to his best friend by Samuel's wife. However, in 1921 during the miners' strike, the bible was sold in London to provide relief for striking miners. This came to the attention of Samuel's son, who bought it back for one Guinea. The Bible is still believed to be in the care of the descendents of Samuel Richardson.
The site today.
In the early 1980s the National Coal Board and the local council erected a memorial to the disaster. The inscription reads:

</doc>
<doc id="19466939" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19466939" title="Bayan-Uul">
Bayan-Uul

Bayan-Uul is the name of two sums (districts) in Mongolia:

</doc>
<doc id="19466943" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19466943" title="Michael Cohrs">
Michael Cohrs

Michael Cohrs (born in Midland, Michigan) is an American financier. He was Co-head of Corporate and Investment Banking and head of Global Banking ( which comprises the mergers and acquisitions (M&A), global capital markets, coverage, commercial banking and global transaction banking businesses) at Deutsche Bank. He was also a member of the Group Executive Committee and the Management Board. He retired from Deutsche Bank in September 2010.
Cohrs holds a B.A. from Harvard College (1979) and a M.B.A. from Harvard Business School (1981). In 1981 he started his career at Goldman Sachs in New York, and was sent to London in 1989. Between 1991 and 1995 he served as a Director at S. G. Warburg & Co.. He was recruited by Deutsche Bank and played a leading role in building its corporate and investment bank.
In November 2009 Cohrs was appointed an Adjunct Professor at Peking University in Beijing.
In 2011 Michael Cohrs was appointed by the Chancellor of the Exchequer to the Financial Policy Committee and by the British Crown to the Court (Board of Directors) at the Bank of England.
In January 2012 he was appointed a Fellow of Cambridge University and as an advisor to EQT in Sweden.
References.
1. </ref>
2. Eisenhammer, John. "How the Mighty Warburgs has Fallen", The Independent on Sunday, February 10, 1996 http://www.independent.co.uk/news/business/how-is-the-mighty-warburg-fallen-1572402.html
3. Armitstead, Louse. "Investment Banker Hired to Spot Future Crises", The Daily Telegraph, February 18, 2011 http://www.telegraph.co.uk/finance/newsbysector/banksandfinance/8331213/Investment-banker-hired-to-spot-future-crises.html
4. Jacqueline Simmons. "Cohrs Set to Retire After Deutsche Bank Narrows M&A Gap With Goldman Sachs" Bloomberg News, June 3, 2010
http://www.bloomberg.com/news/2010-06-03/cohrs-set-to-retire-after-deutsche-bank-narrows-m-a-gap-with-goldman-sachs.html

</doc>
<doc id="19466946" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19466946" title="Marginal profit">
Marginal profit

In microeconomics, marginal profit is the term used to refer to the difference between the marginal cost and the marginal revenue for producing one additional unit of production. Under the marginal approach to profit maximization, to maximize profits, a firm should continue to produce a good or service until marginal profit is zero.

</doc>
<doc id="19466947" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19466947" title="Sinosikat? (album)">
Sinosikat? (album)

Sinosikat? is the eponymous debut album from the Filipino band Sinosikat?.

</doc>
<doc id="19466998" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19466998" title="Bayan-Öndör">
Bayan-Öndör

Bayan-Öndör is the name of three sums (districts) in Mongolia:

</doc>
<doc id="19467019" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19467019" title="Bayandelger">
Bayandelger

Bayandelger is the name of two sums (districts) in Mongolia:

</doc>
<doc id="19467040" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19467040" title="Snowdonia Society">
Snowdonia Society

The Snowdonia Society () is a members based environmental charity. Formed in 1967, it is concerned with all aspects of the Snowdonia National Park. Members take part in practical activities to improve the environment and engage in campaigns to prevent inappropriate development in the area. The Society also organises a lecture programme, publishes books and magazines, maintains a detailed website, runs themed walks and organises competitions to preserve crafts such as dry stone walling. Membership is open to all with an interest in Snowdonia and can be obtained via the Society's website.
The Society owns Tŷ Hyll (), which is located on the A5 between Betws-y-coed and Capel Curig. This house is reputed to be a "tŷ unnos", i.e. it was built overnight in order to establish legal ownership. Tŷ Hyll and its gardens are open to the public, and until 2011 housed the Society's offices. A teashop now occupies the ground floor. The policies of the Society are decided by its elected executive committee. The Society's paid staff support the charity's honorary officers and manage projects in areas such as waste reduction, energy efficiency and practical conservation.
The Society also maintains a public database of people who have completed the Welsh 3000s

</doc>
<doc id="19467140" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19467140" title="Shadow Secretary of State for Health">
Shadow Secretary of State for Health

The Shadow Secretary of State for Health is an office within British politics held by a member of Her Majesty's Loyal Opposition. The duty of the office holder is to scrutinise the actions of the government's Secretary of State for Health and develop alternative policies. The office holder is a member of the Shadow Cabinet.

</doc>
<doc id="19467157" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19467157" title="2008 Bulgarian energy crisis">
2008 Bulgarian energy crisis

The 2008 Bulgarian Energy Crisis was a crisis in Bulgaria. The crisis affected more than a million households, mainly in the capital Sofia but also in Burgas, Pleven, and Vratsa. As of late September 2008, the issue was not resolved.
Background.
Bulgaria imports natural gas from Russia. It is used in combined heating plants in most Bulgarian cities in order to produce electricity during the summer months and heat during winter. In 2001, the Russian Gazprom signed an agreement with former Bulgarian Energy Minister Rumen Ovcharov which stated that Bulgaria would receive Russian gas at lower cost as a way to compensate for allowing the transfer of Russian gas through Bulgarian pipelines to other parts of Europe. Gas remained relatively cheap in Bulgaria until 2008 when Gazprom changed the terms of the contract. By then the price of gas had skyrocketed and Gazprom refused to sell cheap gas to Bulgaria.
Meanwhile, a large embezzlement scandal raged in Sofia. The managing director of the central heating plant in Sofia Valentin Dimitrov was charged with fraud and stealing more than one million lev from the company. The trial is ongoing. A new board of directors was appointed. The citizens of Sofia were unable to pay the higher bills, some outright refused. In 2008 this led to huge losses of the Toplofikacia company and it ran into debt with the Bulgarian energy provider Bulgargas. Less than 50% of Sofia residents paid their bills regularly. Bulgargas started reducing the amount of gas to the company saying payment was long overdue.
Vicious circle.
With more than 50% of all consumers in Sofia refusing to pay their bills, Toplofikacia ran into debt with the Bulgarian energy provider Bulgargas. Bulgargas in turn said it was no longer able to pay to the Russian giant Gazprom. Gas supply has been restricted and even shut down in some cities. On September 25 Toplofikacia Sofia issued a statement saying it will not be able to provide enough heat to all residents of Sofia and that winter was fast approaching. As of late September the issue is unresolved.
Shutting down pipes.
Bulgargas shut down pipes providing gas to heating plants in Vratsa, Burgas and Pleven. Hospitals and kindergarten took emergency measures and installed boilers. Toplofikacia Sofia shut down the hot water of more than 100 buildings in Sofia where 90 to 100 percent of residents refused to pay.
Political reaction.
The Bulgarian energy minister Peter Dimitrov said customers were to blame as they refused to pay their bills. He said the municipality should help the company. The mayor of Sofia, Boyko Borisov said the state should interfere. As of late September 2008 the issue is unresolved and Gazprom will shut down supply of gas to all companies who were in debt, including the four plants in Sofia.
Fears of grid failure.
The combined heating plant in Sofia produces heat and electricity from natural gas. With supplies rapidly diminishing and winter fast approaching, more and more residents are switching on electrical heating devices and also boilers for hot water which usually Toplofikacia supplies. The National Electricity Company NEK EAD said grid failure was imminent if all households start using electricity for heating in the cold winter months.
Outraged residents.
The media have picked up the story and are broadcasting daily reports on the current crisis showing angry residents complaining that water was too cold, bills were exceptionally high or that their home will remain cold in winter because their neighbours have refused to pay their bills and Toplofikacia shuts down supply to all customers in the building. Around 80% of all Sofia residents live in apartment buildings eight stories or higher. If several families in the building refuse to pay, Toplofikacia shuts down supply to the whole building. This has caused huge outrage among the population, with reports of bickering among neighbours in the media. As of September 2008 the issue is unresolved and more and more buildings in Sofia are left with no hot water and no central heating.

</doc>
<doc id="19467176" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19467176" title="Just Play Music!">
Just Play Music!

"Just Play Music!" is a song by English band Big Audio Dynamite in 1988 as the first single from their third studio album "Tighten Up, Vol. 88".
In the US, it was the second song to top Billboard's then-new Modern Rock songs chart.

</doc>
<doc id="19467187" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19467187" title="Darvi">
Darvi

Darvi may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19467203" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19467203" title="Josiah Majekodunmi">
Josiah Majekodunmi

Josiah Olutunji Majekodunmi (April 12, 1927 – October 9, 1996) was an athlete from Nigeria.
He competed at the 1950 British Empire Games at Auckland, New Zealand where he won Nigeria's first medal in any international sports, a silver medal in the Men's High Jump event. Prior to the Commonwealth games, he captained Abeokuta Grammar School Athletics team to win the prestigious Grier Cup for Nigerian high schools in 1947 for the first and the last time. Majekodunmi was also at the 1948 London Olympics, and placed 9th in the high jump event at the 1952 Helsinki Olympics. He was also the father of Miss Olawunmi Majekodunmi, the African Table Tennis champion for most of 1970s and 1980s. 

</doc>
<doc id="19467210" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19467210" title="Samir Shihabi">
Samir Shihabi

Samir al Shihabi, (27 May 1925 – 25 August 2010) served as President of the United Nations General Assembly from 1991 to 1992.
Early life and education.
Shihabi was born in Jerusalem on 27 May 1925. He studied at Yale University and Fitzwilliam College, Cambridge University.
Career.
One of the most prominent Saudi diplomats of his generation, Shihabi joined the Saudi Ministry of Foreign Affairs in 1949. He rose quickly to become Charge d'Affairs in Italy in 1959 and then served as Saudi Ambassador to Turkey, Somalia and Pakistan, before becoming Saudi Arabia's Permanent Representative to the United Nations in 1983. In 1991, he was elected as President of the United Nations General Assembly.His final diplomatic posting, in 1994, was as Ambassador to Switzerland after which he retired in 1999.
His career was marked by a close personal and working relationship with the late King Faisal and also the late King Fahd. He carried out sensitive missions for King Faisal in support of Saudi efforts to limit Soviet influence in the region. With King Fahd he worked closely on the Afghanistan file, post the Soviet invasion. His posting to Pakistan in 1979 was directly related to these efforts, and to putting in place the military alliance between Pakistan and Saudi Arabia that by the early 1980's had over 10,000 Pakistani troops posted in the Kingdom. 
His election to the Presidency of the U.N General Assembly, in 1991, was one of the few hard fought elections for what had traditionally been a consensus appointment by rotation among regions. This followed the Gulf War and the deep split in the Middle East between pro-Saddam Iraq nations and the GCC. Shihabi had also entered the race very late in the game, months after three other candidates had already declared their intent to run, including the Foreign Minister of Yemen and also after the US and UK governments had publicly pledged their support for another candidate (a Foreign Minister of a British Commonwealth country). His surprise victory, and by a wide margin, was commented on by the New York Times http://nyti.ms/1bon51H and Time Magazine. http://ti.me/1dABrP2,
Personal life.
Shihabi married Norwegian-born (Widad) Kari Stonjum. They met in 1948 at Cambridge University where he was studying. They then settled in Saudi Arabia. Their son, Ali al Shihabi, is a former Chairman of a bank and an author.
Death.
Shihabi died at his farm in Portugal on 25 August 2010. 

</doc>
<doc id="19467233" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19467233" title="Ikh-Uul">
Ikh-Uul

Ikh-Uul is the name of two sums (districts) in Mongolia:

</doc>
<doc id="19467243" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19467243" title="2009 KNSB Dutch Single Distance Championships">
2009 KNSB Dutch Single Distance Championships

The 2009 KNSB Dutch Single Distance Championships will be held from Friday October 31 until Sunday November 2, 2008 at the Thialf ice stadium in Heerenveen. Although the championships are held in 2008 it is the 2009 edition as it is part of the 2008/2009 speed skating season.
Medalists.
Men.
Source: www.schaatsen.nl & SchaatsStatistieken.nl 
Women.
Source: www.schaatsen.nl & SchaatsStatistieken.nl 
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19467262" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19467262" title="1966 Singapore Grand Prix">
1966 Singapore Grand Prix

The inaugural Singapore Grand Prix was held from the 9th to 11th in April 1966, on the Thomson Road Grand Prix circuit. Previous editions of the Grand Prix were held before Singapore gained its independence, and were not called "Singapore Grand Prix". The 1965 Malaysian Grand Prix was held on the same course, as part of the Malaysian Grand Prix event, as the 1966 Grand Prix of Singapore.
Results.
1966 1ST SINGAPORE GRAND PRIX
Thomson Road Grand Prix circuit
See also.
† In 1965, Singapore was a constituent part of Malaysia

</doc>
<doc id="19467267" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19467267" title="2008 AIG Japan Open Tennis Championships">
2008 AIG Japan Open Tennis Championships

The 2008 AIG Japan Open Tennis Championships was a tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts. It was the 36th edition of the event known that year as the AIG Japan Open Tennis Championships, and was part of the International Series Gold of the 2008 ATP Tour, and of the Tier III Series of the 2008 WTA Tour. Both the men's and the women's events took place at the Ariake Coliseum in Tokyo, Japan, from September 29 through October 5, 2008.
The men's field was led by ATP No. 5, Valencia and 's-Hertogenbosch winner, Tokyo defending champion David Ferrer, Dubai, San Jose and Beijing champion Andy Roddick, and Olympic silver medalist, Viña del Mar, Munich titlist Fernando González. Also present were Stuttgart finalist Richard Gasquet, Stuttgart, Kitzbühel, Los Angeles, Washington winner Juan Martín del Potro, Tommy Robredo, Jo-Wilfried Tsonga and Mikhail Youzhny.
The women's line up included Stockholm and New Haven champion Caroline Wozniacki, Fes and Portorož runner-up, Strasbourg winner Anabel Medina Garrigues, and Wimbledon semifinalist Jie Zheng. Other seeded players were Estoril, Barcelona and Seoul titlist Maria Kirilenko, French Open quarterfinalist Kaia Kanepi, Shahar Pe'er, Tamarine Tanasugarn and Aleksandra Wozniak.

</doc>
<doc id="19467295" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19467295" title="Spencer Horsey de Horsey">
Spencer Horsey de Horsey

Spencer Horsey de Horsey (1790 – 20 May 1860), known until 1832 as Spencer Horsey Kilderbee, was a British Tory politician. He sat in the House of Commons between 1829 and 1841.
Family.
He was the son of the Rev. Samuel Kilderbee, DD, rector of Campsey Ash, and his wife Caroline, the only daughter (and heir) of Samuel Horsey from Bury St Edmunds. In 1824, at Wangford, he was married to Lady Louisa Rous, youngest daughter of John Rous, 1st Earl of Stradbroke, by whom he was the father of Algernon Frederick Rous de Horsey, William Henry Beaumont de Horsey and Adeline Louisa Maria de Horsey. He died at his house in Cowes, but also lived at 8, Upper Grosvenor Street, Mayfair (from 1830 to 1858) and at Great Glemham in Suffolk.
Career.
He was elected as a Member of Parliament (MP) for Aldeburgh in Suffolk at a by-election in May 1829,
and held the seat until the 1830 general election,
when he was returned for Orford, also in Suffolk.
He was re-elected in 1831,
and held the seat until the 1832 general election, when the borough was disenfranchised under the Reform Act.
In April 1832 he changed his name by Royal Licence to Spencer Horsey de Horsey, after his mother's maiden name.
He returned to Parliament after a five-year absence when he was elected at the 1837 general election as MP for the borough of Newcastle-under-Lyme in Staffordshire.
He held the seat until the 1841 general election, when he did not stand again.

</doc>
<doc id="19467296" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19467296" title="All That Money Wants">
All That Money Wants

"All That Money Wants" is a U.S. Modern Rock number-one hit from The Psychedelic Furs's album "All of This and Nothing", released in 1988 (see 1988 in music).
The single reached number seventy-five on the UK Singles Chart and number one in the U.S. on "Billboard"'s Modern Rock Tracks chart.

</doc>
<doc id="19467298" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19467298" title="Mourad Bounoua">
Mourad Bounoua

Mourad Bounoua (born 30 July 1972 in Mulhouse) is a retired French-Moroccan footballer. He played as a midfielder during the 1990s and 2000s.
Bounoua began playing professionally with his local team FC Mulhouse in 1991 but didn't quite make the grade and was sold to Swiss Second Division team FC Basel in 1992. In 1994, he moved to Germany with Tus Hoisdorf. He then signed for TuS Celle FC in 1995, where he played for two years before joining Stuttgarter Kickers. He achieved some excellent form in Stuttgart and was called up to the Moroccan national team. Eintracht Frankfurt signed him in 1998, but he struggled there, playing just seven games, and moved on to Hannover 96 a year later. Bounoua signed for FC St. Pauli in 2002 and spent the rest of his career in the German lower divisions with multiple clubs in Northern Germany, before retiring in the summer of 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="19467304" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19467304" title="John Bryan Grimes">
John Bryan Grimes

John Bryan Grimes (1868–1923) was a North Carolina Democratic politician and farmer who served as North Carolina Secretary of State from 1901 until his death in 1923.
He was the son of Confederate Major General Bryan Grimes and the grandson of Congressman John Heritage Bryan.
Grimes grew up on the family plantation, "Grimesland," in Pitt County. He was educated at several North Carolina private schools, and then at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill (1882–1885) before completing his education at Bryant and Stratton Business College in Baltimore. He worked on the staff of Governor Elias Carr. Grimes served as president of the North Carolina Tobacco Growers Association, was a member of the North Carolina Farmers Alliance, and in 1899 was appointed to the North Carolina Board of Agriculture. While serving as secretary of state, Grimes also served on and chaired the North Carolina Historical Commission.

</doc>
<doc id="19467305" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19467305" title="Aso (surname)">
Aso (surname)


</doc>
<doc id="19467309" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19467309" title="2008 AIG Japan Open Tennis Championships – Women's Doubles">
2008 AIG Japan Open Tennis Championships – Women's Doubles

Tiantian Sun and Zi Yan were the defending champions, but Yan chose not to participate, and only Sun competed that year.
Sun partnered with Vania King, but lost in the semifinals to Aiko Nakamura and Ayumi Morita.
Jill Craybas and Marina Erakovic won in the final 4–6, 7–5, 10–6, against Aiko Nakamura and Ayumi Morita.

</doc>
<doc id="19467323" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19467323" title="2008 AIG Japan Open Tennis Championships – Men's Doubles">
2008 AIG Japan Open Tennis Championships – Men's Doubles

Jordan Kerr and Robert Lindstedt were the defending champions, but lost in the semifinals to Mikhail Youzhny and Mischa Zverev.
Mikhail Youzhny and Mischa Zverev won in the final 6–3, 6–4, against Lukáš Dlouhý and Leander Paes.

</doc>
<doc id="19467332" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19467332" title="Aigi Bridge">
Aigi Bridge

The is a truss bridge over the Kiso River in Japan. It is an iron beam bridge which connects Kakamigahara in the Gifu Prefecture with Inuyama in the Aichi Prefecture. The bride is part of Aichi-Gifu Prefectural Route 17, known as the Kōnanseki Route. The bridge is an essential link in the route from Nagoya and Komaki in Aichi Prefecture to Kakamigahara, Seki, and Gujō in Gifu Prefecture. Because there are no other bridges for up- or downstream, the bridge is generally congested all day. The bridge was closed for a time in 1999 for maintenance. 
The Aigiōhashi Bridge was featured in Eiji Okuda's film , which was at the Montreal World Film Festival.

</doc>
<doc id="19467352" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19467352" title="Richter magnitude scale">
Richter magnitude scale

The Richter magnitude scale (often shortened to Richter scale) was developed to assign a single number to quantify the energy that is released during an earthquake.
The scale is a base-10 logarithmic scale. The magnitude is defined as the logarithm of the ratio of the amplitude of waves measured by a seismograph to an arbitrary small amplitude. An earthquake that measures 5.0 on the Richter scale has a shaking amplitude 10 times larger than one that measures 4.0, and corresponds to a 31.6 times larger release of energy.
Since the mid-20th century, the use of the Richter magnitude scale has largely been supplanted by the moment magnitude scale (MMS) in many countries. However, the Richter scale is still widely used in Russia and other CIS countries. Earthquake measurements under the moment magnitude scale in the United States—3.5 and up, on the MMS scale—are still usually erroneously referred to as being quoted on the Richter scale by the general public, as well as the media, due to their familiarity with the Richter scale as compared to the MMS.
Development.
Developed in 1935 by Charles Francis Richter in partnership with Beno Gutenberg, both from the California Institute of Technology, the scale was firstly intended to be used only in a particular study area in California, and on seismograms recorded on a particular instrument, the Wood-Anderson torsion seismograph. Richter originally reported values to the nearest quarter of a unit, but values were later reported with one decimal place. His motivation for creating the local magnitude scale was to compare the size of different earthquakes.
Richter, who since childhood had aspirations in astronomy, drew inspiration from the apparent magnitude scale used to account for the brightness of stars lost due to distance. Richter arbitrarily chose a magnitude 0 event to be an earthquake that would show a maximum combined horizontal displacement of 1 µm (0.00004 in) on a seismogram recorded using a Wood-Anderson torsion seismograph from the earthquake epicenter. This choice was intended to prevent negative magnitudes from being assigned. The smallest earthquakes that could be recorded and located at the time were around magnitude 3. However, the Richter scale has no lower limit, and sensitive modern seismographs now routinely record quakes with negative magnitudes.
formula_1 (local magnitude) was not designed to be applied to data with distances to the hypocenter of the earthquake greater than 600 km (373 mi). For national and local seismological observatories the standard magnitude scale is today still formula_1. Unfortunately this scale saturates at around formula_1 = 7, because the high frequency waves recorded locally have wavelengths shorter than the rupture lengths of large earthquakes.
To express the size of earthquakes around the globe, Gutenberg and Richter later developed a surface wave magnitude scale, formula_4, and a body wave magnitude scale formula_5. These are types of waves that are recorded at teleseismic distances. The two scales were adjusted such that they were consistent with the formula_1 scale. This succeeded better with the formula_4 scale than with the formula_5 scale. Both of these scales saturate when the earthquake is bigger than magnitude 8 and therefore the moment magnitude scale, formula_9, was invented.
These older magnitude scales have been superseded by methods for estimating the seismic moment, creating the moment magnitude scale, although the older scales are still widely used because they can be calculated quickly.
Details.
The Richter scale proper was defined in 1935 for particular circumstances and instruments; the instrument used would became saturated by strong earthquakes and unable to record high values. The scale was replaced by the moment magnitude scale (MMS); for earthquakes adequately measured by the Richter scale, numerical values are approximately the same. Although values measured for earthquakes now are actually formula_10 (MMS), they are frequently reported as Richter values, even for earthquakes of magnitude over 8, where the Richter scale becomes meaningless.
Anything above 5 is classified as a risk by the USGS.
The Richter and MMS scales measure the energy released by an earthquake; another scale, the Mercalli intensity scale, classifies earthquakes by their "effects", from detectable by instruments but not noticeable to catastrophic. The energy and effects are not necessarily strongly correlated; a shallow earthquake in a populated area with soil of certain types can be far more intense than a much more energetic deep earthquake in an isolated area.
There are several scales which have historically been described as the "Richter scale", especially the "local magnitude" formula_1 and the surface wave formula_4 scale. In addition, the "body wave magnitude", formula_13, and the "moment magnitude", formula_9, abbreviated MMS, have been widely used for decades, and a couple of new techniques to measure magnitude are in the development stage.
All magnitude scales have been designed to give numerically similar results. This goal has been achieved well for formula_1, formula_4, and formula_9. The formula_13 scale gives somewhat different values than the other scales. The reason for so many different ways to measure the same thing is that at different distances, for different hypocentral depths, and for different earthquake sizes, the amplitudes of different types of elastic waves must be measured.
formula_1 is the scale used for the majority of earthquakes reported (tens of thousands) by local and regional seismological observatories. For large earthquakes worldwide, the moment magnitude scale is most common, although formula_4 is also reported frequently.
The seismic moment, formula_21, is proportional to the area of the rupture times the average slip that took place in the earthquake, thus it measures the physical size of the event. formula_9 is derived from it empirically as a quantity without units, just a number designed to conform to the formula_4 scale. A spectral analysis is required to obtain formula_21, whereas the other magnitudes are derived from a simple measurement of the amplitude of a specifically defined wave.
All scales, except formula_9, saturate for large earthquakes, meaning they are based on the amplitudes of waves which have a wavelength shorter than the rupture length of the earthquakes. These short waves (high frequency waves) are too short a yardstick to measure the extent of the event. The resulting effective upper limit of measurement for formula_26 is about 7 and about 8.5 for formula_4.
New techniques to avoid the saturation problem and to measure magnitudes rapidly for very large earthquakes are being developed. One of these is based on the long period P-wave, the other is based on a recently discovered channel wave.
The energy release of an earthquake, which closely correlates to its destructive power, scales with the power of the shaking amplitude. Thus, a difference in magnitude of 1.0 is equivalent to a factor of 31.6 (formula_28) in the energy released; a difference in magnitude of 2.0 is equivalent to a factor of 1000 (formula_29 ) in the energy released. The elastic energy radiated is best derived from an integration of the radiated spectrum, but one can base an estimate on formula_13 because most energy is carried by the high frequency waves.
Richter magnitudes.
The Richter magnitude of an earthquake is determined from the logarithm of the amplitude of waves recorded by seismographs (adjustments are included to compensate for the variation in the distance between the various seismographs and the epicenter of the earthquake). The original formula is:
where A is the maximum excursion of the Wood-Anderson seismograph, the empirical function A0 depends only on the epicentral distance of the station, formula_32. In practice, readings from all observing stations are averaged after adjustment with station-specific corrections to obtain the formula_1 value.
Because of the logarithmic basis of the scale, each whole number increase in magnitude represents a tenfold increase in measured amplitude; in terms of energy, each whole number increase corresponds to an increase of about 31.6 times the amount of energy released, and each increase of 0.2 corresponds to a doubling of the energy released.
Events with magnitudes greater than 4.5 are strong enough to be recorded by a seismograph anywhere in the world, so long as its sensors are not located in the earthquake's shadow.
The following describes the typical effects of earthquakes of various magnitudes near the epicenter. The values are typical only and should be taken with extreme caution, since intensity and thus ground effects depend not only on the magnitude, but also on the distance to the epicenter, the depth of the earthquake's focus beneath the epicenter, the location of the epicenter and geological conditions (certain terrains can amplify seismic signals).
The intensity and death toll depend on several factors (earthquake depth, epicenter location, population density, to name a few) and can vary widely.
Minor earthquakes occur every day and hour. On the other hand, great earthquakes occur once a year, on average. The largest recorded earthquake was the Great Chilean Earthquake of May 22, 1960, which had a magnitude of 9.5 on the moment magnitude scale. The larger the magnitude, the less frequent the earthquake happens.
Examples.
The following table lists the approximate energy equivalents in terms of TNT explosive force – though note that the earthquake energy is released "underground" rather than overground. Most energy from an earthquake is not transmitted to and through the surface; instead, it dissipates into the crust and other subsurface structures. In contrast, a small atomic bomb blast (see nuclear weapon yield) will not, it will simply cause light shaking of indoor items, since its energy is released above ground.
31.6227 to the "power of" 0 "equals" 1, 31.6227 to the "power of" 1 "equals" 31.6227 and 31.6227 to the "power of" 2 "equals" 1000. Therefore, an 8.0 on the Richter scale releases 31.6227 "times" more energy than a 7.0 and a 9.0 on the Richter scale releases 1000 "times" more energy than a 7.0. Thus, formula_34
Magnitude empirical formulae.
These formulae are an alternative method to calculate Richter magnitude instead of using Richter correlation tables based on Richter standard seismic event (formula_39=0, A=0.001mm, D=100 km).
The Lillie empirical formula:
Where:
For distance less than 200 km: 
For distance between 200 km and 600 km:
where A is seismograph signal amplitude in mm, D distance in km.
The Bisztricsany (1958) empirical formula for epicentral distances between 4˚ to 160˚:
Where:
The Tsumura empirical formula:
Where:
The Tsuboi, University of Tokio, empirical formula:
Where:

</doc>
<doc id="19467361" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19467361" title="Tsetserleg">
Tsetserleg

Tsetserleg (, "garden") may signify:

</doc>
<doc id="19467389" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19467389" title="Canoeing at the 1976 Summer Olympics – Men's C-1 500 metres">
Canoeing at the 1976 Summer Olympics – Men's C-1 500 metres

The men's C-1 500 metres event was an open-style, individual canoeing event conducted as part of the Canoeing at the 1976 Summer Olympics program. This event debutted at these games.
Results.
Heats.
Fifteen competitors were entered. Held on July 28, the top three finishers in each heat moved on to the semifinals with the others were relegated to the repechages.
Repechages.
Held on July 28, the top three finishers in each repechage moved on to the semifinals.
Semifinals.
Three semifinals were held on July 30 with the top three finishers in each semifinal advancing to the final.
Final.
The final took place on July 30.
Wood jumped out to an early lead to the delight of the Canadian crowd of 5000 leading from start to the last few strokes when he was passed by the favorite Rogov.

</doc>
<doc id="19467391" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19467391" title="Inuyama Bridge">
Inuyama Bridge

The Inuyama Bridge is a bridge over the Kiso River in Japan. It is an iron beam bridge which connects Kakamigahara in the Gifu Prefecture with Inuyama in the Aichi Prefecture. 
Meitetsu Inuyama Line runs on it.
This bridge was a road-rail bridge before 2000 when a new road bridge was constructed at the lower stream side (west side) of this bridge.

</doc>
<doc id="19467393" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19467393" title="Ganwolsan">
Ganwolsan

Ganwolsan is a mountain in the city of Ulsan, South Korea. It has an elevation of . 

</doc>
<doc id="19467394" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19467394" title="Pattikkamthodi Ravunni Menon">
Pattikkamthodi Ravunni Menon

Pattikkamthodi Ravunni Menon (1881–1949) was a pivotal figure in the history of Kathakali, having played a crucial role in remoulding and refining its grammar in the famed Kalluvazhi tradition of the classical dance-drama from Kerala in south India. He was trained in the art form at a culture-patronising Namboodiri mansion in Vellinezhi near his home, even as his genius ensured that Menon later redrew the aesthetics of Kathakali and its future profile altogether.
Young Ravunni, a native of Chethallur in present-day Palakkad district, was groomed in Kathakali by the renowned Kalluvazhi Kuyilthodi Ittirarissa Menon at Olappamanna Mana with Kariyattil Koppan Nair and Malankattil Sankunni Nair as his co-students. Ittiraricha Menon's demise led to Ravunni Menon becoming the chief tutor at Olappamanna, since when he started handling lead roles (Aadyavasana vesham) on Kathakali stages. He was initially associated with the Manjeri Kaliyogam (Kathakali institution-cum-troupe).
Menon, who was till then said to be focused solely on the body movement aspect of Kathakali, acquired a major asset in his profession when he imbibed the essence of emotive acting (rasabhinaya) under Kunjunni Thampuran. It gave birth to a new chapter in the Kalluvazhi style, noted for its economy of space while moving the body, well-defined hand gestures, their clinical synchronisation with the musical beats and percussion accompaniment. This quantum improvement later helped him earn quite a few epoch-defining Kathakali disciples when he joined Kerala Kalamandalam in 1933 and worked there for a decade. Prominent among the pupils are Thekkinkattil Ramunni Nair, Vazhenkada Kunchu Nair, Kalamandalam Krishnan Nair, Keezhpadam Kumaran Nair, Kalamandalam Ramankutty Nair and Kalamandalam Padmanabhan Nair (who was also his son). He was also teacher to reputed artistes like Mampuzha Madhava Panikkar, Kavungal Sankarankutty Panikkar, Kariyattil Kumaran, Kunhunni Nair, Guru Gopinath, Madhavan, Guru Kelu Nair, Sivaraman, Sivasankaran, Krishnan, Kattissery Raman, Balakrishnan and Krishnankutty Varrier.
Menon, known for his temperamental behaviour stemming from innocence, was a purist of sorts. He was a pedagogue to the core—unkind while punishing pupils in the classroom even while exhibiting retrained love to them after study hours.
On the stage, Menon was celebrated for his lead roles in the four Kottayam Thampuran plays: Kalakeyavadham, Kirmeeravadham, Bakavadham and Kalyanasougandhikam. His masterpieces also included Dakshan, Nalan in Nalacharitan Randaam Divasam, Arjunan in Subhadraharanam, Cheriya Narkasuran and Ravanan in Balivijayam, Ravanolbhavam, Kartaveerarjunavijayam and Balivadham besides minukku roles like Bhrahmanan in Santanagopalam and Rukminiswayamvaram, and Durvassavu in Ambareeshacharitam. He was known to be particular for using his own set of costume paraphernalia (kalikkoppu) all the time.
Menon's notes on the aeshtetics of Kathakali have been published in a book, which has also formed material for art research scholars.
"The modern history of Kathakali begins where the life history of Pattikkamthodi ends. “As life expectancy during his time was relatively low, at the age of 68 he was bed-ridden. Though he was sure that he had reached the end of his life, which was devoted to Kathakali for almost six decades, his only desire was to perform one last time with his specially made and renovated head-gear,” his eldest son and last disciple, the late Kalamandalam Padmanabhan Nair (1914-2007), former Principal of Kerala Kalamandalam" according to KK Gopalakrihnan, (Director of the Centre for Kutiyattam of the Central Sangeet Natak Akademi, Delhi)
References.
He Redefined Kathakali - [http://www.thehindu.com/arts/dance/article2476164.ece]

</doc>
<doc id="19467409" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19467409" title="2008 AIG Japan Open Tennis Championships – Men's Singles">
2008 AIG Japan Open Tennis Championships – Men's Singles

David Ferrer was the defending champion, but lost in the quarterfinals to Juan Martín del Potro.
Tomáš Berdych won in the final 6–1, 6–4, against Juan Martín del Potro.
Seeds.
All seeds received a bye into the second round. 

</doc>
<doc id="19467413" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19467413" title="Sunraysia-Riverlands Rugby League">
Sunraysia-Riverlands Rugby League

The Sunraysia-Riverlands Rugby League is a rugby league football competition in New South Wales, Australia which was run under the auspices of the Country Rugby League. The group was formed in 1991 but was soon disbanded after just 4 seasons and was completely defunct after the 1995 season. This rugby league group covered an area in the far south west corner of the state, along with parts of Victoria. In 1997 Sunraysia entered a combined team in the Group 12 competition. In 2011 the competition reformed and in 2012 the competition has five clubs.
Sunraysia-Riverlands Champions.
This is a list of the Sunraysia-Riverlands Rugby League 1st Grade competition champions and the runners-up for each of the 5 Seasons the competition existed. There was also other competitions which existed below the 1st Grade competition such as the Reserve Grade competition which operated a feeder-league to the 1st Grade competition.

</doc>
<doc id="19467420" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19467420" title="Conor J Curran">
Conor J Curran

Conor J Curran is an electronic musician and sound artist based in London. He studied at Trinity College Dublin under electroacoustic composers Donnacha Dennehy and Roger Doyle and has been involved in many different music projects such as Sonnamble and his solo project CjC.
Background.
His work both music and audio/visual software has been used in modern dance by Dance Theatre of Ireland (Evidence 2001) and in Film by Conor McCourt (Four Cops 1999). Conor's Parallel, a music visualisation application, was featured at London’s Cybersonica 2002, on Rhizome.org, Neural.it and at the Digital Hub in Dublin from January to March 2003.
"CjC" has released material on Psychonavigation Records, Silverdoor and Forwind. Even though completed in 2003, "Form" was not released until 2008 on Forwind. It encompasses electronic instrumentals from melodic to abstract. Spatial geometric concepts act as the origins of the timbre and expression. "Form" was to a large extent influenced by the Parallel software Conor was writing at the time. Track titles, album artwork and the aural visual language all adhere strictly to the spacial concept of "Form".
In 2008 "Sonnamble" was established by Conor and Peter Marsh to explore the possibilities of real-time improvisation between acoustics instruments and extensive digital processing. In March 2010 Sonnamble released their debut long player on the Forwind label. The album offers "contemplative meshing of computer software and digital processing with real-time guitar and bass playing". Described on the themilkfactory.co.uk as "a record which unveils its profound beauty with great care, and requires a level of commitment to fully appreciate its depth".
Sonnamble's second album 'Blindlight' was released in 2011 on Forwind. "Again the focus is on Marsh's lap steel guitar, whose drones, chords and twangs are coaxed into expansive ambient fuzziness or atomised into grains of noise by Curran's home-cooked software patches. But there's a spareness and a more pronounced spikiness to the music this time round; it's still immersive stuff, but more edgy...". Referring to a favourable review by Wyndham Wallace for the BBC - " Much of Sonnamble’s work is improvised, but there’s an art to what they do: Curran’s homemade software seems able to reduce every note down to its even smaller constituent parts and then sieve out what suits their goal. The sound is therefore strangely granular, with the opening notes of Aphelion I spreading out and blurring at the edges until they distort and flutter into tiny sounds of their own. It’s like moving one’s face ever closer to a TV screen, with the picture slowly reduced from an overall pattern to a mass of pixels. What is experienced isn’t identifiable in any standard sense, but is nonetheless fascinating."

</doc>
<doc id="19467437" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19467437" title="SGI Virtu">
SGI Virtu

SGI Virtu was a computer product line from Silicon Graphics dedicated to visualization, announced in April 2008. It represented a return of Silicon Graphics to the visualization market after several years of focus on high-performance computing. 
SGI Virtu workstations effectively replaced the SGI Fuel, SGI Tezro and SGI Prism workstations that were discontinued in 2006.
The Virtu range consisted of a rack mounted server configuration (Virtu VN200) and four workstations configurations (Virtu VS series). The latter are re-badged systems from BOXX Technologies, based on Intel Xeon or AMD Opteron processors and Nvidia Quadro graphics chipsets, running Red Hat Enterprise Linux, SUSE Linux Enterprise Server or Windows Compute Cluster Server.
SGI Virtu VN200.
SGI Virtu VN200 is a high density node installed in a rack mounted enclosure. Five nodes are supported in the 4U enclosure.
The node itself is based on a two-way Intel Xeon 5400 architecture and supports Nvidia Quadro graphic cards and is intended to be clustered.
SGI Virtu VS.
The SGI Virtu VS series are the workstation models of the product line. Virtu VS100 is based on a two-way Quad Core Intel Xeon architecture. Virtu VS200 is a two-way AMD Opteron configuration, Virtu VS300 a four-way AMD Opteron and Virtu VS350 is an eight-way AMD Opteron configuration.
All systems accept the full range of Nvidia Quadro Plex and Nvidia Quadro graphic solutions. NVIDIA SLI is supported.

</doc>
<doc id="19467443" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19467443" title="Almonaster (disambiguation)">
Almonaster (disambiguation)

Almonaster may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19467444" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19467444" title="1997 FA Charity Shield">
1997 FA Charity Shield

The 1997 FA Charity Shield was the 75th FA Charity Shield, an annual football match played between the winners of the previous season's Premier League and FA Cup competitions. The match was played on 3 August 1997 at Wembley Stadium and contested by Manchester United, who had won the 1996–97 FA Premier League, and Chelsea, who had won the 1996–97 FA Cup. Manchester United won the match 4–2 on penalties after the match had finished at 1–1 after 90 minutes.
The 1997 Charity Shield was a game of several "firsts".
Manchester United's only goal of open play was from Ronny Johnsen, who scored his first goal in a competitive game for them.
It was the first competitive appearance in a Manchester United shirt for Johnsen's team mate Teddy Sheringham, who had joined the club from Tottenham Hotspur five weeks earlier and would serve the club for four years, playing a crucial part in several subsequent glories despite not always being an automatic choice in the first team. 
It was the first competitive appearance in a Chelsea shirt for goalkeeper Ed de Goey, who would help them win three major trophies during his six seasons at the club.

</doc>
<doc id="19467453" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19467453" title="Toyokawa Bridge">
Toyokawa Bridge

The is a bridge over the Toyo River in Japan. 
It is located at Toyohashi in the Aichi Prefecture. The bridge carries Route 23 across the river. 

</doc>
<doc id="19467462" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19467462" title="Alliance (disambiguation)">
Alliance (disambiguation)

An alliance is an agreement between two or more parties, made in order to advance common goals and to secure common interests.
Alliance may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19467478" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19467478" title="Blue Chip Stamps v. Manor Drug Stores">
Blue Chip Stamps v. Manor Drug Stores

Blue Chip Stamps v. Manor Drug Stores, 421 U.S. 723 (1975), was a decision by the United States Supreme Court, which ruled that only those suffering direct loss from the purchase or sale of stock had standing to sue under federal securities law.

</doc>
<doc id="19467483" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19467483" title="Goheonsan">
Goheonsan

Goheonsan is a mountain in the vicinity of the city of Ulsan, South Korea. It has an elevation of .

</doc>
<doc id="19467497" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19467497" title="2008 AIG Japan Open Tennis Championships – Women's Singles">
2008 AIG Japan Open Tennis Championships – Women's Singles

Virginie Razzano was the defending champion, but chose not to participate that year.
Caroline Wozniacki won in the final 6–2, 3–6, 6–1, against Kaia Kanepi.

</doc>
<doc id="19467504" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19467504" title="All-Ireland Junior Football Championship (disambiguation)">
All-Ireland Junior Football Championship (disambiguation)

All-Ireland Junior Football Championship may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19467509" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19467509" title="Erotic Awards">
Erotic Awards

The Erotic Awards is an annual British event that honours achievement in erotica worldwide. 
Founded in 1994 by sexuality campaigner Tuppy Owens, the awards were first called the Erotic Oscars, until the name had to be changed. The awards ceremony are held during the Night of the Senses, an annual event in London that was originally known as the Sex Maniacs Ball. The Leydig Trust organised the awards until 2013 when they were taken over by Juicy Productions. They raise funds for Outsiders, a charity that helps disabled people to find partners.
The 21 award categories include Campaigner, Sex Worker, Striptease Artist, Fashion, Academic, Writer and Film. Nominations come from the public, and three finalists in each category are then selected by the Grand Jury of Conspicuous Sensualiy. The winners are announced during the Night of the Senses, where the finalists' work is also exhibited and performed.

</doc>
<doc id="19467517" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19467517" title="Alliance (comics)">
Alliance (comics)

Alliance, in comics, may refer to:
It may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19467559" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19467559" title="Vero Beach Devil Rays">
Vero Beach Devil Rays

The Vero Beach Devil Rays, originally the Vero Beach Dodgers, were a minor league baseball team based in Vero Beach, Florida. They played in the Class A-Advanced Florida State League from 1980–2008, at which point they relocated to Port Charlotte, Florida as the Charlotte Stone Crabs. They played their home games at Holman Stadium.
As their names imply, Vero Beach was affiliated with two different Major League Baseball teams during their existence: the Los Angeles Dodgers from 1980–2006 and the Tampa Bay Devil Rays from 2007–2008. As the Vero Beach Devil Rays, they won the Florida State League championship in 2007.
History.
Founded in 1980 as the Vero Beach Dodgers, the team was affiliated with the Los Angeles Dodgers Major League Baseball team from 1980–2006. They played their home games Holman Stadium, which served as Los Angeles' spring training facility since 1953.
In 2007 the franchise's affiliation changed to the Tampa Bay Devil Rays; they were then renamed the Vero Beach Devil Rays. After the 2008 season Tampa Bay moved their Class A-Advanced affiliate to Port Charlotte, where they became known as the Charlotte Stone Crabs.
History.
On August 25, 2008, it was announced that the Vero Beach franchise was sold to Ripken Baseball, which resulted in a relocation of the franchise to Port Charlotte, Florida to become the Charlotte Stone Crabs.

</doc>
<doc id="19467589" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19467589" title="World Federation of Independent Scouts World Jamboree">
World Federation of Independent Scouts World Jamboree

The WFIS world jamboree is a Scouting jamboree of the World Federation of Independent Scouts.
3rd Jamboree in Mexico.
The 3rd World WFIS Jamboree was held from 16 to 23 July 2011. There were 1000 WFIS members from around 40 countries between 3 and 21 years of age. There were a great variety of activities, including workshops with various NGOs and different indigenous groups, farm activities for Cub Packs, tours in Puebla and Cuetzalan, visits to the preHispanic ruins of Yohualichan, hikes and excursions, treks and cultural activities.

</doc>
<doc id="19467602" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19467602" title="2008 Open de Moselle">
2008 Open de Moselle

The 2008 Open de Moselle was a tennis tournament played on indoor hard courts. It was the 11th edition of the Open de Moselle, and was part of the International Series of the 2008 ATP Tour. It took place at the Arènes de Metz in Metz, France, from September 29 through October 5, 2008.
The announced field featured ATP No. 14, Cincinnati Masters semifinalist, two-time Nottingham champion Ivo Karlović, Casablanca, Toronto Masters semifinalist, Indianapolis and Bucharest titlist Gilles Simon, and Costa do Sauípe, Acapulco winner Nicolás Almagro. Also lined up were Marseille and Munich semifinalist Paul-Henri Mathieu, Sydney champion Dmitry Tursunov, Andreas Seppi, Radek Štěpánek and Mario Ančić.

</doc>
<doc id="19467605" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19467605" title="Shard (database architecture)">
Shard (database architecture)

A database shard is a horizontal partition in a database or search engine. Each individual partition is referred to as a shard or database shard.
Database architecture.
Horizontal partitioning is a database design principle whereby "rows" of a database table are held separately, rather than being split into columns (which is what normalization and vertical partitioning do, to differing extents). Each partition forms part of a shard, which may in turn be located on a separate database server or physical location.
There are numerous advantages to this partitioning approach. Since the tables are divided and distributed into multiple servers, the total number of rows in each table in each database is reduced. This reduces index size, which generally improves search performance. A database shard can be placed on separate hardware, and multiple shards can be placed on multiple machines. This enables a distribution of the database over a large number of machines, which means that the database performance can be spread out over multiple machines, greatly improving performance. In addition, if the database shard is based on some real-world segmentation of the data (e.g., European customers v. American customers) then it may be possible to infer the appropriate shard membership easily and automatically, and query only the relevant shard.
In practice, sharding is far more complex. Although it has been done for a long time by hand-coding (especially where rows have an obvious grouping, as per the example above), this is often inflexible. There is a desire to support sharding automatically, both in terms of adding code support for it, and for identifying candidates to be sharded separately. Consistent hashing is one form of automatic sharding to spread large loads across multiple smaller services and servers.
Where distributed computing is used to separate load between multiple servers (either for performance or reliability reasons), a shard approach may also be useful.
Shards compared to horizontal partitioning.
Horizontal partitioning splits one or more tables by row, usually within a "single" instance of a schema and a database server. It may offer an advantage by reducing index size (and thus search effort) provided that there is some obvious, robust, implicit way to identify in which table a particular row will be found, without first needing to search the index, e.g., the classic example of the 'codice_1' and 'codice_2' tables, where their zip code already indicates where they will be found.
Sharding goes beyond this: it partitions the problematic table(s) in the same way, but it does this across potentially "multiple" instances of the schema. The obvious advantage would be that search load for the large partitioned table can now be split across multiple servers (logical or physical), not just multiple indexes on the same logical server.
Splitting shards across multiple isolated instances requires more than simple horizontal partitioning. The hoped-for gains in efficiency would be lost, if querying the database required "both" instances to be queried, just to retrieve a simple dimension table. Beyond partitioning, sharding thus splits large partitionable tables across the servers, while smaller tables are replicated as complete units.
This is also why sharding is related to a shared nothing architecture—once sharded, each shard can live in a totally separate logical schema instance / physical database server / data center / continent. There is no ongoing need to retain shared access (from between shards) to the other unpartitioned tables in other shards.
This makes replication across multiple servers easy (simple horizontal partitioning does not). It is also useful for worldwide distribution of applications, where communications links between data centers would otherwise be a bottleneck.
There is also a requirement for some notification and replication mechanism between schema instances, so that the unpartitioned tables remain as closely synchronized as the application demands. This is a complex choice in the architecture of sharded systems: approaches range from making these effectively read-only (updates are rare and batched), to dynamically replicated tables (at the cost of reducing some of the distribution benefits of sharding) and many options in between.
Disadvantages of sharding.
Sharding a database table before it has been optimized locally causes premature complexity. Sharding should be used only when all other options for optimization are inadequate. The introduced complexity of database sharding causes the following potential problems:
These historical complications of do-it-yourself sharding are now being addressed by independent software vendors who provide autosharding solutions.

</doc>
<doc id="19467622" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19467622" title="Grootslang">
Grootslang

The Grootslang or Grote Slang (Afrikaans and Dutch for "big snake") is a legendary cryptid that is reputed to dwell in a deep cave in the Richtersveld, South Africa.
Legend.
According to legend, the Grootslang is a primordial creature as old as the world itself. Tales state that gods, new to the crafting of things, made a terrible mistake in the Grootslang's creation, and gave it tremendous strength, cunning, and intellect. Realizing their mistake, the gods split the Grootslang into separate creatures and thus created the first elephants and the first snakes. But one of the original Grootslangs escaped, and from this first sire all other Grootslangs were born. It is claimed to devour elephants by luring them into its cave. The cave is known as the "Wonder Hole" or the "Bottomless Pit". Supposedly, it connects to the sea which is 40 miles away. According to local legend, the cave is filled with diamonds. It is also said to live in warm rivers and lakes. In Benin, it is said to be a huge elephant-like creature with a serpent's tail. Also according to the tale, Grootslangs covet gems, particularly diamonds, and despite the creatures' lust for cruelty, victims can often bargain for their freedom by offering a Grootslang enough precious gems. While searching for treasure in the richtersveld of South Africa in 1917, English businessman Peter Grayson disappeared after members of his party were attacked and injured by lions, prompting legends that the Grootslang had killed him.

</doc>
<doc id="19467633" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19467633" title="A Germ-Destroyer">
A Germ-Destroyer

'A Germ-Destroyer' is a short story by Rudyard Kipling. It was first published in the "Civil and Military Gazette" on May 17, 1887, in the first Indian edition of "Plain Tales from the Hills" in 1888, and in subsequent editions of that collection. The story is one of Kipling's essays into farcical humour - with his frequent sardonic glances at the oddities of the way that the world works: here, the administrative world of the British Raj. He tells of the new Viceroy who has arrived with a Private Secretary called Wonder, who is trying to run the Indian Empire. ("All Simla agreed that there was 'too much Wonder and too little Viceroy in that rule.'")
The farce of the story begins with the coincidence of two men who want to speak to the Viceroy. There is a monomaniac inventor called Mellish, who has little hope of an audience; and Mellishe, of Madras, who is rich, grandiloquent and important, and has the 'perquisite' of 'conferring with the Viceroy'. They are both staying at the same hotel, and Wonder's invitation to a private lunch with the Viceroy is delivered to the inventor, rather than, as intended, the rich man. The Viceroy is charmed by his guest, who doesn't 'talk shop' till they smoke after lunch. Then Mellish, the Inventor, discourses on cholera, his theory, the 'conspiracy' against him of the medical establishment and so on, until he tips a sample of his patent Fumigatory powder into an ash-tray and lights it. The result is a "most pungent and sickening stench" which fills the entire Viceregal residence. (This is an example of Kipling's schoolboy sense of humour: he was after all only 21 when he wrote this story.) Mellish boasts that "'not a germ could live.'" The residence panics, until "an Aide-de-Camp, who desired the V.C. schoolboy humour rushed through the rolling clouds and hauled Mellish into the hall." The Viceroy, "prostrate with laughter", repeats "'Not a germ, as you say, could rightly exist! I can swear it. A magnificent success!'"
Wonder arrives and is shocked by the scene. But it becomes a splendid anecdote for the Viceroy, and he uses it to get rid of Wonder (his own plague, or 'germ') by saying, in the latter's hearing, "'And I really thought ... that my dear good Wonder had hired an assassin to clear his way to the throne!'". Whereupon Wonder resigns (on health grounds) - the ending, too, may perhaps be thought of as rather adolescent.

</doc>
<doc id="19467653" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19467653" title="Solaro (disambiguation)">
Solaro (disambiguation)

Solaro may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19467662" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19467662" title="CybAero">
CybAero

CybAero is an aerospace company industry based in Sweden. The company is a public company traded on First North on Stockholm Stock Exchange.
History.
The company was founded in 2003, and is based on research initiated in 1992 by FOA at Linköping University. The company develops and sells Unmanned Aerial Vehicles (UAVs). The benefits of UAVs is that the risk of losing pilots on dangerous missions disappear. Moreover, regardless of the weather and visibility distance, the craft are lighter and more fuel efficient and require only a limited start and landing area.
CybAero is headquartered in the Nordic region's leading aeronautics town, Linköping. The city is notably home to the Swedish military helicopter squadron and to Saab development and production. Research and development is conducted in part with other companies and research institutions. So far, the project has been financed by various development programs. Some projects have also been received from potential customers. CybAero today employs 17 people at headquarters in Linköping, at their foreign office in Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates and in Stamford Connecticut, USA.
The company has received orders for delivery of seven aircraft to the United Arab Emirates military.
Unmanned Aerial Vehicles.
The main products are

</doc>
<doc id="19467664" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19467664" title="Clive Arden">
Clive Arden

Clive Arden was the pen name of the English author, Lily Clive Nutt 1888 - after 1950. Arden lived in Trethevy, near Tintagel, Cornwall.
Arden wrote romantic fiction and her works include "Sinners in Heaven" 1923, "Enticement" 1924, "Four Complete Novels" 1931, "The Fetters Of Eve" 1934, "The Enchanted Spring" 1935, "The Veil of Glamour" 1935, "The Spider and the Fly" 1935, "The Eagle's Wing" 1938 and "Anthony Keeps Tryst" 1940. 
Both "Sinners in Heaven" and "Enticement" were turned into silent movies by Paramount. "Sinners in Heaven" was directed by Alan Crosland in 1924 and starred Bebe Daniels and Richard Dix. "Enticement" was directed by George Archainbaud in 1925 and starred Mary Astor and Clive Brook.

</doc>
<doc id="19467684" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19467684" title="Moral Welfare Workers' Association">
Moral Welfare Workers' Association

The Moral Welfare Workers' Association (MWWA) was a professional body for social workers in the United Kingdom. It was established in 1938.
In 1970 the association merged with six other social workers' organisations to form the British Association of Social Workers, having been a member of the Standing Conference of Organisations of Social Workers since 1962.

</doc>
<doc id="19467718" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19467718" title="Architecture of Mangalorean Catholics">
Architecture of Mangalorean Catholics

The Architecture of Mangalorean Catholics has strong Mangalorean, Italian, and Portuguese influences.
Mangalore tiles.
Their Mangalore tiles are considered to be the most notable contribution to the world. These red Mangalore tiles, prepared from hard clay, are in great demand throughout India, Myanmar, and Sri Lanka, and are even shipped to East Africa, the Middle-East, Europe, and Australia. These were the only tiles to be recommended for Government buildings in India during the British regime. These tiles still define Mangalore's skyline and characterize its urban setting.
Mangalore Tiles.
Mangalore Tiles are the form of Tiles used to build roof of the house instead of concrete. Thease kind of Tiles are most popularly used in coastal Karnataka, Kerala, and some parts of Goa.
Unique.
Thease are Red colored clay tiles, unique in shape and size are so famous and export to all the corners of world. They are unique and are made or available in different size and shapes depending on the users need.
Eco Friendly and Long Lasting.
They provide excellent ventilation especially during summer and aesthetically as well. Some of them are especially made to be placed over kitchen and bathroom for the smoke to escape. Over a period of time, these tiles become dark to black from constant exposure to soot and smoke.
These tiles are not only eco-friendly but also cheap, durable and costs only one third that of cement. Some of the buildings which are 100 yrs old still have tile roofing! 
How They Do.
First part is to collect enough clay and place it in a mold and is cut to exact measurement. Then that rectangular piece of clay with exact length and thickness is placed on another machine which puts the factory logo and shapes it into a tile.
Then with hand any extra clay is removed and sent to be carried for firing and later glazing. It was interesting to say the least to see how both men and women worked cooperatively to produce the final product.It is a very delicate and detailed process starting from collection of clay to the final product to be fired. Once fired and glazed it is ready and is stored for shipping.
Export.
These Tiles are export to Fareast, Europe, Australia, Africa and as close as Middle Eastern Countries.
Nowadays people becoming more stylish and modern so no ones interested in these old styled Tile houses, so concrete structures occupied its place. But still Modern designed houses are using these tiles as Style.
Traditional houses.
Their traditional houses have spacious porticos, red cement or terra cotta floors, and are topped with Mangalore tiles with fruit trees outside the house. This style of house has been borrowed from the other Mangalorean communities and are only observed in Mangalore.
Churches.
The transfer of the Mangalore Vicariate to the Italian Jesuits in 1878 and the establishment of the Mangalore Diocese in 1886 mandated the arrival of many Roman Catholic missionaries, particularly the Italian and Portuguese Jesuits, who were instrumental in building many churches in Mangalore. The Mangalorean Catholic style of constructing churches thus came to be influenced by the Italian and Portuguese style.

</doc>
<doc id="19467729" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19467729" title="Society of Mental Welfare Officers">
Society of Mental Welfare Officers

The Society of Mental Welfare Officers (SMWO) was a professional body for social workers in the United Kingdom. It was established in 1954 by the amalgamation of the National Association of Authorised Officers and the Mental Health Workers' Association.
In 1970 the society merged with six other social workers' organisations to form the British Association of Social Workers, having been a member of the Standing Conference of Organisations of Social Workers since 1962.

</doc>
<doc id="19467737" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19467737" title="Canoeing at the 1976 Summer Olympics – Men's C-2 500 metres">
Canoeing at the 1976 Summer Olympics – Men's C-2 500 metres

The men's C-2 500 metres event was an open-style, pairs canoeing event conducted as part of the Canoeing at the 1976 Summer Olympics program. This event made its debut at these games.
Results.
Heats.
The 15 teams first raced in two heats on July 28. The top three finishers from each of the heats advanced directly to the semifinals and the remaining nine teams were relegated to the repechages.
Repechages.
Taking place on July 28, the top three finishers from each of the repechages advanced to the semifinals.
Japan's reason for disqualification was not disclosed in the official report.
Semifinals.
Three semifinals were held on July 30. The top three finishers from each of the semifinals advanced to the final.
Final.
The final was held on July 30.

</doc>
<doc id="19467745" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19467745" title="2008–09 Liechtenstein Cup">
2008–09 Liechtenstein Cup

Liechtenstein Cup 2008–09 was the sixty-fourth season of Liechtenstein's annual cup competition. Seven clubs competed with a total of eighteen teams for one spot in the second qualifying round of the UEFA Europa League. Defending champions were FC Vaduz, who have won the cup continuously since 1998.
First round.
The First Round featured fourteen teams. The only first team of a club that had to compete in this round was FC Triesen, while the other two teams eligible for the first round, FC Triesenberg and FC Schaan, received a bye. The games were played on August 26 – 28, 2008.
Second round.
The six winners of the First Round, along with the two teams who had received a bye, competed in the Second Round. The first teams of FC Balzers, USV Eschen/Mauren, FC Ruggell and FC Vaduz were all given a bye in this round. The games were played on September 17 and 19, 2008.
Quarterfinals.
The four winners of the Second Round, along with the four teams who had received a bye, competed in the Quarterfinals. The games were played on October 21, 22, 28 and 29, 2008.
Semifinals.
The four winners of the Quarterfinals competed in the Semifinals. The games were played on April 28 and 29, 2009.
Final.
The Final was played on May 21, 2009 at Rheinpark Stadion, Vaduz.

</doc>
<doc id="19467747" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19467747" title="Jim Marchbank">
Jim Marchbank

James 'Jim' Marchbank (born 17 August 1878) was an Australian rules footballer who played for Carlton in the Victorian Football League (VFL).
Marchbank was already 24 when he came to Carlton but he soon established a place in the side as both a ruckman and centre half forward. He participated in Carlton's 1904 Grand Final loss and took a break from the sport in 1905 as the Woods Point recruit was struggling to adapt to life in Melbourne.
In 1906 he returned to the game and was a centre half forward in their premiership team that year as well as in 1908. He however missed the 1907 flag due to a suspension for striking in an encounter against South Melbourne late in the season. Marchbank played in further Grand Finals in 1909 and 1910 but finished on the losing team in both.

</doc>
<doc id="19467755" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19467755" title="Seabrook Christian School">
Seabrook Christian School

Seabrook Christian School operates four campuses offering full-time and distance education opportunities to students from Grade 1- Grade 12 as well as providing support to home educators who are registered with our Christian Home Educators Support Service (CHESS). Campuses are located at Somerset, Launceston, Hobart and St Helens, in Tasmania, Australia.
Campuses.
Somerset.
In 1981, the Somerset Baptist Christian School commenced under the leadership of the Church, the Pastor and the Deacons, as a ministry of the Somerset Baptist Church. The school began in the church building with 14 pupils from grades 1 to 6. The school has grown steadily since its inauguration up to its present size. In 1992, the school and church moved to the current location. This pleasant rural setting of 8.8 hectares is on Seabrook Road, Somerset.
In 1999, there was a change in the governing body of the school. The school board, now independent of the church, consists of church members and operates under the banner of Seabrook Christian Education Services Inc, a non-profit organization. The school itself is now called Seabrook Christian School. Later in 2001, a government grant was awarded to the school to purchase the buildings and to erect a new administration block. Formerly both school and church utilized the building; however, the church is now using its own building.
The school caters for students from Kindergarten to Grade 12 in a co-educational family atmosphere. The school continues to develop its facilities and to further improve the quality of its educational delivery.
In 2000, the school commenced a distance education program using the Somerset campus and commencing two other campuses at Launceston and St Helens. The St Helens campus developed into a full-time school in 2002 and a fourth distance education campus was begun at Kingston/Ranelagh. Launceston commenced full-time schooling in 2004.
Launceston.
In 2000, following registration as a distance education provider, provision was made to service DE students at Launceston. The program catered for students Grade 1 – Grade 12, with enrolment dependent on one day/week campus attendance unless precluded by travel.
In 2001, the student numbers at the Launceston Campus demanded a venue change, with lease arrangements allowing conduct at the Ravenswood Campus, formerly Ravenswood High School. Launceston increased campus conduct days to three, with minimum attendance of one day/week. Vandalism of the Ravenswood building forced an unexpected venue change in Term 3.
In 2002, the Launceston Campus was relocated back to the Ravenswood complex with additional space being leased to separate the Junior and Secondary learning Centres.
In 2003, the Launceston Campus increased access days to four. Student attendance was variously dependent on participation in elective programs, with a minimum of one day/week attendance required.
In 2004, the Launceston Campus was registered as a full-time school with distance education enrolment, attendance up to three days/week pertinent to under 60% of the student body. The leased area was upgraded to facilitate the change in status.
Hobart.
In 2000, following registration as a distance education provider, provision was made to service DE students at Ranelagh. The program catered for students Grade 1 – Grade 12, with enrolment dependent on one day/week campus attendance unless precluded by travel.
In 2002, the Ranelagh Campus was closed subsequent to the transfer of all students to the Kingston Campus, which was open three days/week. This arrangement continued through to 2006 with up to three days attendance/week on offer (Tuesday, Wednesday and Friday) with an expectation that students would attend two days each week (Tuesday and Friday) unless travel precludes same.
In 2007, the Kingston Campus was closed and relocated to Geilston Bay. This move allowed the number of campus days to be increased to five, establishing a full-time school, while continuing the distance education service provision on three days, one day/week being the minimum enrolment expectation.
St Helens.
In 2000, following registration as a distance education provider, provision was made to service DE students at St Helens. The program catered for students Grade 1 – Grade 12, with enrolment dependent on one day/week campus attendance unless precluded by travel.
In 2001, St Helens (then conducted in a building that formerly housed the St Helens Squash Courts) increased campus conduct days to three, with a minimum attendance of one day/week.
In 2002, the St Helens Campus increased the number of campus days to five, establishing a full-time school, while continuing the distance education service provision on three days, one day/week being the minimum enrolment expectation. A federal grant enabled the construction of a purpose built school building in St Helens, initially pertinent to a full-time student enrolment of 50, which was completed in December 2002.
In 2003, the St Helens Campus distance education enrolment numbers decreased to a few families, maximum attendance limited to three days/week to distinguish full-time status.
Curriculum.
Seabrook Christian School primarily uses an individualised learning Curriculum. The Curriculum was born out of a necessity to meet the needs of the children. In a conventional classroom there can be as much as 40 points I.Q. difference and an 80% difference in reading ability.
The conventional secular method of teaching is for the teacher to aim at teaching the majority of his pupils. This means the top students are working below their capacity and getting bored. The lower level students, who are often left behind, become frustrated and shut off.
The teaching method in conventional schools does not lend itself to personal tuition. The teacher is involved in teaching material, presentation and research. However, with Accelerated Christian Education (ACE) the teacher is freed from such, because the pupils have the material before them. The teacher is then able to help them learn the material on a one-to-one basis. In a lecture system, the child that has been absent through illness does not have the chance to catch up on missed work. However, in ACE they resume exactly where they left off. This prevents gaps in knowledge during their education.
The ACE program is unique in that it provides the individual student with the opportunity to develop his/her abilities to the maximum potential. The total curriculum covers an equivalent study from Kindergarten to Year 12 in a conventional school. An 80% pass mark is required in each unit of study (called a PACE - i.e. a Packet of Accelerated Christian Education) before a student is permitted to proceed to the next PACE.
ACE has developed and produced an individualised, sequential, ungraded curriculum composed of 144 PACEs in each of five core subjects: namely Maths, English (includes Literature), Social Studies, Science, Word Building (Spelling) and electives. Keyboard skills are required of all students.
At the High School level the student is able to choose from over 30 elective courses from several categories including, but not inclusive of Art, Bible, Business, Computer, Science, Foreign Languages, English Literature, Government and History.
ACE starts with a simple concept, which is then built upon and expanded. There are three new concepts introduced in each PACE. The child is working from a known concept and gradually bringing in the unknown, as the known is built upon. It is generally accepted that something must be taught and applied five-seven times before the child retains it.
The strength of the ACE curriculum is the reinforcing of concepts year after year, line upon line, and precept upon precept. It is important to apply the ACE teaching principles, since they have been formulated through trial and error, and have been revised by qualified educators in their various fields.
The success of the ACE system depends on the children taking responsibility for their learning. The teacher is there to help them learn to learn. ACE draws from the most advanced learning discoveries, and up-to-date sources, incorporating them in their methods.
This curriculum is currently being used in more than five thousand schools in over one hundred countries around the world. It has also been used successfully by thousands of families who have chosen to educate their own children at home.
House System.
Seabrook Christian School has two houses; Lions and Eagles. Throughout the year students compete in a number of competitions to gain points for their house with the winning house being rewarded at the end of the year.

</doc>
<doc id="19467781" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19467781" title="Eolgen Racoviţeni Wind Farm">
Eolgen Racoviţeni Wind Farm

The Eolgen Racoviţeni Wind Farm is an under construction wind power project in Buzău County, Romania. It will have 45 individual wind turbines with a nominal output of around 1 MW which will deliver up to 45 MW of power, enough to power over 17,820 homes, with a capital investment required of approximately US$ 105 million.

</doc>
<doc id="19467789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19467789" title="Lumberjack (disambiguation)">
Lumberjack (disambiguation)

A lumberjack is a person who harvests lumber.
Lumberjack or lumberjacks may also refer to:
In art and entertainment:
In sports:

</doc>
<doc id="19467802" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19467802" title="2008 Open de Moselle – Singles">
2008 Open de Moselle – Singles

Tommy Robredo was the defending champion, but chose not to participate that year.
Dmitry Tursunov won in the final 7–6(8–6), 1–6, 6–4, against Paul-Henri Mathieu.

</doc>
<doc id="19467822" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19467822" title="Imperial yellow jacket">
Imperial yellow jacket

The imperial yellow jacket (; Pinyin: "Huang ma gua") was a symbol of high honour during China's Qing Dynasty. As yellow was a forbidden color, representing the Emperor, the jacket was given only to high-ranking officials and to the Emperor's body guards.
Wearing the jacket.
A "ma gua" (馬褂, literally "riding jacket") is a short-sleeved, loose outer garment of Manchu origin, designed for ease to put on and take off by wearers on horseback.
Although persons not of imperial blood were generally prohibited from wearing yellow-coloured clothing, during the Qing Dynasty the yellow riding jackets would be worn by the Imperial body guards, albeit as a livery coat, and then only while escorting the Emperor.
The yellow jacket could also be granted by the Emperor (or later Empress Dowager Cixi) to individuals for civil or military merit, especially after 1842 when China was more or less in a constant state of war. Since yellow clothing were normally reserved for the Imperial family, the yellow jacket came to be regarded as the highest honour of the Qing Dynasty. 
Towards the end of the Qing Dynasty the prestige of the yellow jacket had declined somewhat; in one infamous case, a yellow jacket was granted to a train driver for his service to Empress Dowager Cixi.
Ceremonies.
Recipients of the imperial yellow jackets would be joined by provincial governors and senior military officials for annual celebrations. Moreover, many recipients would wear their imperial yellow jackets as their funeral attire, which is roughly equivalent to having the national flag draped on the coffin in modern times.

</doc>
<doc id="19467831" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19467831" title="USNS Lt. Robert Craig (T-AK-252)">
USNS Lt. Robert Craig (T-AK-252)

USNS "Lt. Robert Craig" (T-AK-252) was a "Boulder Victory"-class cargo ship built for the U.S. Maritime Commission during the final months of World War II. 
She was acquired by the U.S. Army in 1946 and renamed USAT "Lt. Robert Craig" and served the Army until 1950 when she was acquired by the United States Navy. She served the Navy worldwide until 1973 when she was struck and sold.
Victory built in California.
"Lt. Robert Craig" (T AK 252) was laid down as "Bowling Green Victory" under Maritime Commission contract by California Shipbuilding Corporation, Los Angeles, California, 21 June 1945; launched 28 August 1945; sponsored by Mrs. C. M. Holladay; and delivered to her operator, J. H. Winchester, 27 September 1945.
U.S. Army service.
She operated under the War Shipping Administration until July 1946 when she was transferred to the Army Transportation Service and renamed "Lt. Robert Craig".
U.S. Navy service.
She was acquired by the Navy from the U.S. Maritime Commission 9 August 1950 and assigned to duty under the Military Sea Transportation Service (MSTS).
Manned by a civilian crew, "Lt. Robert Craig" steamed from New York City to the U.S. West Coast late in August and began Pacific Ocean supply runs out of San Francisco, California, 14 October. During the next 4 years, she made more than a score of deployments to American bases in the central and western Pacific Ocean, ranging from the Marshall Islands, the Mariana Islands and to the Philippine Islands, South Korea, and Japan. Throughout in much of 1953, she provided logistics support for the U.S. nuclear testing program in the Marshall Islands. During a deployment in the Far East between March and May 1954, she steamed to French Indochina carrying supplies for French forces fighting the Vietminh in Vietnam.
"Lt. Robert Craig" returned to the U.S. East Coast in mid-August and during the next month completed a roundtrip voyage out of New York City to Europe and back. Thence, she made a 3 month deployment via the west coast to the Far East and back. arriving New York 21 December to resume transatlantic supply runs.
Since 1954, "Lt. Robert Craig" maintained a busy and wide-ranging schedule of operations which has sent her over the major sealanes of the globe in support of far flung American naval and ground forces. She completed more than three dozen transatlantic roundtrips between east and Gulf Coast ports and European ports in Scandinavia, West Germany, the Netherlands, the United Kingdom, and France. In addition she operated in the North Atlantic from 1955 to 1964 while making numerous runs in support of military construction programs and operations along the coast of Greenland.
First Mediterranean deployment.
"Lt. Robert Craig" made her first deployment to the Mediterranean between 25 March and 20 May 1956. Since that time she has completed more than a dozen such runs to that unsettled sea and has visited ports in North Africa, France, Italy, Turkey, Greece, and Lebanon. Following American intervention against Communist subversion in the troubled Middle East in 1958, she supported U.S. peacekeeping operations in Lebanon. In addition several of her Mediterranean cruises have sent her through the Suez Canal for additional logistics missions in the Red Sea, the Persian Gulf, and the Indian Ocean.
Worldwide operations.
"Lt. Robert Craig" has alternated her busy Atlantic Ocean and Mediterranean service with more than a dozen deployments to American bases in the Pacific and the Far East. Operating out of New York, her supply missions have usually sent her via the Panama Canal and the west coast to ports in the Far East from Japan to Southeast Asia. 
Between December 1961 and November 1964 she made two round the world cruises out of New York to the Far East and back. During the latter deployment, which lasted from 7 May to 18 November 1964, she visited ports in 17 European, Middle Eastern, and Asian nations from Denmark to South Vietnam, as well as U.S. bases in the Philippine Islands, Okinawa, and the Mariana Islands.
Following the increase of American military support in 1965 for the defense of South Vietnam from external Communist aggression, this versatile, hard working cargo ship provided increased logistics support for U.S. forces in troubled Southeast Asia. In 1968 she continued her worldwide supply missions and remained a vital part of America's peacekeeping operations from the shores of the eastern Mediterranean to the coast of Southeast Asia.
Final inactivation.
The vessel served the Navy until she was placed out of service and struck from the Navy List on 15 June 1973. She was sold for non-maritime use on 26 December 1973. Her subsequent fate is not known.
Honors and awards.
Qualified vessel personnel were authorized the following:

</doc>
<doc id="19467840" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19467840" title="2008 Open de Moselle – Doubles">
2008 Open de Moselle – Doubles

Arnaud Clément and Michaël Llodra were the defending champions, and won in the final 5–7, 6–3, [10–8], against Mariusz Fyrstenberg and Marcin Matkowski.

</doc>
<doc id="19467859" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19467859" title="Michel Khleifi">
Michel Khleifi

Michel Khleifi (born 1950 in Nazareth) is a Palestinian film writer, director and producer. He emigrated from Israel in 1970 and now resides in Belgium. There, he studied television and theatre directing at the "Institut National Supérieur des Arts du Spectacle" (INSAS). After graduating from INSAS, he worked in Belgium television before turning to making his own films. He has directed and produced several documentary and feature films and received several prestigious awards including the International Critics’ Prize at the Cannes Film Festival, the Golden Shell at San Sebastián International Film Festival and the André Cavens Award in 1987 for his film Wedding in Galilee. Michel Khleifi currently teaches at INSAS.

</doc>
<doc id="19467874" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19467874" title="Getulio Alviani">
Getulio Alviani

Getulio Alviani (5 September 1939 ) is an Italian painter born in Udine. He is considered to be an important International Optical - kinetic artist.
Life and work.
Since childhood Alviani showed talent for design and geometric drawing. He enrolled in the Venice Artistic school, but soon showed little interest in his studies, spending afternoons in Venice's museums in contemplation of classical masterpieces. He also started making little works for local architects, and helped local artists in inking projects such as etchings.
His first artistic works were the "wires", inspired by aerial electric wires, still but potent with energy. Then he was fascinated by some polished alumnium surfaces found in a factory in which he was working: after further polishing and abrasion he created his landmark "Superfici a testura vibratile" (vibrating texture surfaces) that gave him international acclaim. Alviani's alumnium surfaces saw him invited to the Zagreb exhibition "Nove Tendencije", together with other artists following a similar paths: exploring the opportunities of a dynamic art which interacts with the beholder. He started exchanging ideas with artists like Julio Le Parc, François Morellet and Enrico Castellani, actively participating at the studios of the so-called G.R.A.V. (Groupe de Recherche d'Art Visuelle) in Paris.
Moving to Milan, he became friend with Piero Manzoni and Lucio Fontana, who was very interested in his works and bought some of his "surfaces". He also worked with other famous artists like Max Bill and Josef Albers. In 1964 he was invited to show at the Venice Biennale, successfully sharing a room with Enrico Castellani.
In subsequent years Alviani won international acclaim: at Kassel's Documenta he exhibited a big vibrating surface; in 1965 he took part in what was considered to be one of the top exhibitions of the decade: "The Responsive Eye" at the New York MoMa, together with all the world's most famous artists of Kinetic and Programmed Art. His work was so successful it was purchased by MoMa itself and chosen as the cover image representing the museum's next exhibition: "The New Acquisitions".
Throughout the 1970s he travelled continually, mainly in South America, and accepted, upon request of Jesús Rafael Soto, the directorship of the Jesús Soto Museum of Modern Art, Ciudad Bolívar, Venezuela. He was again an invitee at the Venice Biennale in 1984, 1986 and 1993. Since 2000 he has been shown in many important exhibitions: Milan Triennale, Graz Kunsthaus, Siena Palazzo delle Papesse, Rome Academie de France, Buenos Aires Biennale, the travelling exhibits "Light, movement and programming", in important German museums, and in the Rome Quadriennale.
Alviani's works are actively traded in Italian and international modern art auctions, such as the "Italian sales" held in London by Christie's and Sotheby's. Among his works the most appreciated by the market are the "Superfici a testura variabile" where the polished aluminium reflects the light in different hues according to the angle at which they are viewed.
Other works by Alviani are the "chromodynamic surfaces", where primary colour interactions are studied, and his "mirrors" with their illusion of rings created on reflecting metal surfaces.
Finally, Alviani is the author of a book on Josef Albers (1988), he edited with Giancarlo Pauletto a book on Michel Seuphor (1987), and contributed with his photographs to a book of G. Pauletto and M. A. Miller on Richard Anuszkiewicz (1988).

</doc>
<doc id="19467877" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19467877" title="Connecticut State Department of Education">
Connecticut State Department of Education

Connecticut State Department of Education is a branch of the state government of Connecticut in the United States. The agency is headquartered in the State Office Building at 165 Capitol Avenue in Hartford. The department, under the supervision of the Connecticut State Board of Education, oversees public education in the state, distribute funds to the state's 166 school districts, and operates the Connecticut Technical High School System.

</doc>
<doc id="19467882" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19467882" title="Urbilaterian">
Urbilaterian

The urbilaterian (< German ur- 'original') is the hypothetical last common ancestor of the bilaterian clade, i.e., all animals having a bilateral symmetry.
Its appearance is a matter of debate, for no representative has been (or is ever likely to be) identified in the fossil record; the reconstructed morphology it would display largely depends on whether the acoelomorpha are included within the bilaterian clade. Since all protostomes and deuterostomes share features, such as blood circulation systems and guts, that are only useful in relatively large (macroscopic) organisms, their common ancestor ought also to have been macroscopic. However, such large animals should have left traces in the sediment in which they moved, and evidence of such traces first appear relatively late in the fossil record — long after the urbilaterian would have lived. This leads to suggestions of a small urbilaterian, which is the supposed state of the ancestor of protostomes, deuterostomes and acoelomorphs.
Dating the urbilaterian.
The first evidence of bilateria in the fossil record comes from trace fossils in sediments towards the end of the Ediacaran period (about ), and the first fully accepted fossil of a bilaterian "organism" is "Kimberella", dating to . There are earlier, controversial fossils: "Vernanimalcula" has been interpreted as a bilaterian, but may simply represent a fortuitously infilled bubble. Fossil embryos are known from around the time of "Vernanimalcula" (), but none of these have bilaterian affinities. This may reflect a genuine absence of bilateria, but caution is due — it could be that bilateria didn't lay eggs in sediment, where they would be likely to fossilise.
Molecular techniques can generate expected dates of the divergence between the bilaterian clades, and thus an assessment of when the urbilaterian lived. These dates have huge margins of error, though they are becoming more accurate with time. More recent estimates are compatible with an Ediacaran bilaterian, although it is possible, especially if early bilaterians were small, that the bilateria had a long cryptic history before they left any evidence in the fossil record.
Characteristics of the urbilaterian.
The urbilaterian must have possessed all those traits common to living bilateria that are thought only to have evolved once. The defining features are a three-layered (triploblastic) embryo and two main axes of symmetry — a top-to-bottom axis and a front-to-back axis.
A traditional approach to reconstructing the urbilaterian considers it as a "roundish flatworm" consisting of as few features as possible. This concept of a very simple animal was abandoned when it was realised that the vast array of traits common to bilaterians would produce quite a complex animal, but has had a resurgence with the inclusion of a phylum of flatworms within the bilateria.
The urbilaterian is often considered to have possessed a gut and internal organs, a segmented body and a centralised nervous system, as well as a biphasic life cycle (i.e. consisting of larvae and adults) and some features of embryonic development. However, this need not necessarily be the case. If these features were of key importance to the evolution of large size, it is possible that bilaterian lineages each stumbled upon them independently, and perhaps even co-opted the same underlying genetic machinery from a different role.
Eyes.
Light detection (photosensitivity) is present in organisms as simple as seaweeds; the definition of a true eye varies, but in general eyes must have directional sensitivity, and thus have screening pigments so only light from the target direction is detected. Thus defined, they need not consist of more than one photoreceptor cell.
The presence of genetic machinery (the "Pax6" and "Six" genes) common to eye formation in all bilaterians suggests that this machinery - and hence eyes - was present in the urbilaterian. The most likely candidate eye type is the simple pigment-cup eye, which is the most widespread among the bilateria.
Since two types of opsin, the c-type and r-type, are found in all bilaterians, the urbilaterian must have possessed both types - although they may not have been found in a centralised eye, but used to synchronise the body clock to daily or lunar variations in lighting.
Complex or simple?
Proponents of a complex urbilaterian point to the shared features and genetic machinery common to all bilateria. They argue that (1) since these are similar in so many respects, they can only have evolved once; and (2) since they are common to all bilateria, they must have been present in the ancestral bilaterian animal.
However, as biologists' understanding of the major bilaterian lineages increases, it is beginning to appear that some of these features may have evolved independently in each lineage. Further, the bilaterian clade has recently been expanded to include the acoelomorphs — a group of relatively simple flatworms. This lineage lacks key bilaterian features, and if it truly does reside within the bilaterian "family", many of the features listed above are no longer common to all bilateria. Instead, some features — such as segmentation and possession of a heart — are restricted to a sub-set of the bilateria, the deuterostomes and protostomes. Their last common ancestor would still have to be large and complex, but the bilaterian ancestor could be much simpler. However, some scientists stop short of including the acoelomorph clade in the bilateria. This shifts the position of the cladistic node which is being discussed; consequently the urbilaterian in this context is farther out the evolutionary tree and is more derived than the common ancestor of deuterostomes, protostomes "and" acoelomorphs.
Genetic reconstructions are unfortunately not much help. They work by considering the "genes" common to all bilateria, but problems arise because very similar genes can be co-opted for different roles. For instance, the gene Pax6 has a key role in eye development, but is absent in some animals with eyes; some cnidaria have genes which in bilateria control the development of a layer of cells that the cnidaria don't even possess. This means that even if a gene can be identified as present in the urbilaterian, we can't tell what the gene was coding for. Before this was realised, genetic reconstructions implied a surprisingly complex urbilateria.
Reconstructing the urbilaterian.
The absence of a fossil record gives a starting point for the reconstruction — the urbilaterian must have been small enough not to leave any traces as it moved over or lived in the sediment surface. This means it must have been well below a centimetre in length. As all Cambrian animals are marine, it is reasonable to assume that the urbilaterian was too.
Furthermore, a reconstruction of the urbilateria must rest on identifying morphological similarities between all bilateria. While some bilateria live attached to a substrate, this appears to be a secondary adaptation, and the urbilaterian was probably mobile. Its nervous system was probably dispersed, but with a small central "brain". Since acoelomorphs lack a heart, coelom or organs, the urbilaterian probably did too — it would presumably have been small enough for diffusion to do the job of transporting compounds through the body. A small, narrow gut was probably present, which would only have had one opening — a combined mouth and anus. 
Functional considerations suggest that the surface of the bilaterian was probably covered with cilia, which it could have used for locomotion or feeding.
There is still no consensus on whether the characteristics of the deuterostomes and protostomes evolved once or many times. Features such as a heart and blood circulation system may therefore not have been present even in the deuterostome-protostome ancestor, which would mean that this too could have been small (hence explaining the lack of fossil record).

</doc>
<doc id="19467900" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19467900" title="Frédéric Chassot">
Frédéric Chassot

Frédéric Chassot (born 31 March 1969 in Montagny, Fribourg) is a Swiss former footballer who played as a striker during the 1980s, 1990s and 2000s.
Career.
Chassot began playing professionally with Neuchâtel Xamax in 1987 and by 1989 he was a first-team regular and a Swiss internationalist. He went on to play over 200 games for Xamax, scoring 48 goals and completing a loan spell at FC Basel. In 1995, he joined Lausanne Sports but failed to make an impact and left for FC Sion a year later. He played for Sion for two seasons then signed for FC Zürich in 1998. In 2002, he returned to Neuchâtel Xamax for a short while, scoring four goals in seven matches. He then went on to play for FC Aarau from 2002 until 2003 and SC Young Fellows Juventus from 2003 to 2004 before returning to Sion and retiring in summer 2004. Chassot currently works as manager of FC Sion Reserves and is also the "Director of Sport" at the club.
International career.
Chassot was capped 16 times for the Swiss national team, making his debut in 1989. By 1991, he was long forgotten at international level but made a return in 1997 and went on to collect another eight caps.

</doc>
<doc id="19467924" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19467924" title="Colt Walker">
Colt Walker

The Colt Walker was a single action revolver with a revolving cylinder holding six charges of black powder behind six bullets (typically .44 caliber lead balls). It was designed in 1846 as a collaboration between Captain Samuel Hamilton Walker and American firearms inventor Samuel Colt.
History.
The Colt Walker was the largest and most powerful black powder repeating handgun ever made. It was created in the mid-1840s in a collaboration between Texas Ranger Captain Samuel Hamilton Walker (1817–47) and American firearms inventor Samuel Colt (1814–62), building upon the earlier Colt Paterson design. Walker wanted a handgun that was extremely powerful at close range. 
Samuel Walker carried two of his namesake revolvers in the Mexican–American War. He was killed in battle the same year his famous handgun was invented, 1847, shortly after he had received them. Only 1100 of these guns were originally made, which makes originals extremely rare and expensive to acquire. On October 9, 2008, one specimen that had been handed down from a Mexican War veteran sold at auction for US$920,000.
The Republic of Texas had been the major purchaser of the early Paterson Holster Pistol (No. 5 model), a five shot cal .36 revolver, and Samuel Walker became familiar with it during his service as a Texas Ranger. In 1847, Walker was engaged in the Mexican-American War as a captain in the United States Mounted Rifles. He approached Colt, requesting a large revolver to replace the single-shot Aston Johnson holster pistols then in use. The desired .44-.45 caliber revolver would be carried in saddle mounted holsters and would be large enough to dispatch horses as well as enemy soldiers. The Colt Walker was used in the Mexican-American War and on the Texas frontier.
Medical officer John "R.I.P" Ford took a special interest in the Walkers when they arrived at Vera Cruz. He obtained two examples for himself and is the primary source for information about their performance during the war and afterward. His observation that the revolver would carry as far and strike with the same or greater force than the .54 caliber Mississippi Rifle seems to have been based on a single observation of a Mexican soldier hit at a distance of well over one hundred yards. The Walker, unlike most succeeding martial pistols and revolvers, was a practical weapon out to about 100 yards.
Specifications.
The Colt Walker holds a powder charge of 60 grains (3.9 g) in each chamber, more than twice what a typical black powder revolver holds. It weighs 4½ pounds (2 kg) unloaded, has a 9-inch (229 mm) barrel, and fires a .44 caliber (0.454 in, 11.53 mm diameter) conical and round ball. The initial contract called for 1,000 of the revolvers and accoutrements. Colt commissioned Eli Whitney Junior to fill the contract and produced an extra 100 revolvers for private sales and promotional gifts.
Problems.
In addition to its large size and weight, problems with the Walker included ruptured cylinders after firing. This has been attributed to primitive metallurgy, soldiers allowing powder to spill across the mouths of the chambers, and even loading the original conical bullets backwards into the chambers. Under 300 of the original 1,000 were returned for repair due to a ruptured cylinder. Lard was loaded into the mouths of the cylinders on top of each bullet after loading to prevent the spark from igniting all chambers at once, a practice which continues to this day among black-powder revolver shooters, although modern day cap and ball revolvers can fire off all six chambers due to improperly seated percussion caps. Additionally, while each chamber held 60 grains of Powder, Colt recommended no more than 50 grains in each. 
The Walker had an inadequate loading lever catch that often allowed the loading lever to drop during recoil, preventing fast follow-up shots. Period-correct fixes for this often included placing a rawhide loop around both the barrel and loading lever, to prevent the loading lever from dropping under recoil and locking the action.
Legacy.
The Whitneyville-Hartford Dragoon is known as the first transitional model from the Walker to the Dragoon series, as it was largely built from leftover Walker parts. Subsequent contracts beginning in 1848 followed, for what is today known among collectors as the First, Second and Third Dragoon Models that were all based on the Colt Walker, enabling a rapid evolution of the basic revolver design. These improvements included barrels, shorter chambers, typically loaded only to 50 grains instead of 60 grains, thereby reducing the occurrence of ruptured cylinders, and the addition of a positive catch at the end of the loading lever to prevent the dropping of the loading lever under recoil.
The Colt Walker was quite powerful, with modern replicas firing modern FFFg black powder producing energy levels in excess of 500 foot pounds with both picket bullets and , round ball bullets. The black powder Colt Walker is often regarded as the most powerful commercially manufactured repeating handgun from 1847 until the introduction of the .357 Magnum in 1935, having a muzzle energy nearly exactly the same as a 4-inch-barreled handgun firing a .357 Magnum. The Colt Walker has long maintained a unique position and mystique among handgun users, and its name is often used as a common expression of any overly large generic handgun example. Interestingly, while there is little to no documented evidence, it is still rumored that a Colt Walker, when loaded with the full 60 grain charge and a Minnie Ball, produces half again the muzzle velocity of the .357 Magnum thereby retaining its crown as the most powerful handgun ever made until the more recent introduction of extremely powerful handguns, including the Smith & Wesson 500 and the Smith & Wesson 460, among others. 
In the book, "True Grit", 14-year-old Mattie carried a Colt Dragoon, however, possibly due the Walker's bigger size, a cartridge-converted Colt Walker was used in the 1969 film, "True Grit" as Mattie's weapon. The Colt Dragoon was used in the 2010 Coen Brothers movie as in the original book.
Modern replicas have been offered by the Colt Blackpowder shop and Uberti Firearms.

</doc>
<doc id="19467927" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19467927" title="E An">
E An

E An (義安) were the highest military award and decorations during the Taiping Rebellion. These terms require an adjective to indicate who granted it and for what reason. E is first class merit and An is the second merit; Chinese meant E is friendly, An is luck and peaceful.
In Taiping, if the king wanted to promote someone, he gave the person either award, the E or AnThis rule was challenged after 1861, because Li Xiucheng thought the award had been given too freely.
See also.
Yang Fuqing
Sources.
Tiān Guó Zwi (天國志)

</doc>
<doc id="19467928" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19467928" title="Stillman Stadium">
Stillman Stadium

Stillman Stadium is a stadium in Tuscaloosa, Alabama. It is primarily used for American football, and is the home field of Stillman Tigers football. 

</doc>
<doc id="19467951" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19467951" title="B. T. Harvey Stadium">
B. T. Harvey Stadium

B.T. Harvey Stadium is a stadium in Atlanta, Georgia. It is primarily used for American football, and is the home field of the Morehouse College. 

</doc>
<doc id="19467971" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19467971" title="N2 chart">
N2 chart

The "N" 2 chart, also referred to as "N" 2 diagram, "N"-squared diagram or "N"-squared chart, is a diagram in the shape of a matrix, representing functional or physical interfaces between system elements. It is used to systematically identify, define, tabulate, design, and analyze functional and physical interfaces. It applies to system interfaces and hardware and/or software interfaces. 
The "N"-squared chart was invented by the systems engineer Robert J. Lano, while working at TRW in the 1970s and first published in a 1977 TRW internal report.
Overview.
The "N"2 diagram has been used extensively to develop data interfaces, primarily in the software areas. However, it can also be used to develop hardware interfaces. The basic "N"2 chart is shown in Figure 2. The system functions are placed on the diagonal; the remainder of the squares in the "N" × "N" matrix represent the interface inputs and outputs. 
Where a blank appears, there is no interface between the respective functions. Data flows in a clockwise direction between functions (e.g., the symbol F1 F2 indicates data flowing from function F1, to function F2). The data being transmitted can be defined in the appropriate squares. Alternatively, the use of circles and numbers permits a separate listing of the data interfaces. The clockwise flow of data between functions that have a feedback loop can be illustrated by a larger circle called a control loop. The identification of a critical function is also shown in Figure 3, where function F4 has a number of inputs and outputs to all other functions in the upper module. A simple flow of interface data exists between the upper and lower modules at functions F7 and F8. The lower module has complex interaction among its functions. The N2 chart can be taken down into successively lower levels to the hardware and software component functional levels. In addition to defining the data that must be supplied across the interface, the N2 chart can pinpoint areas where conflicts could arise. 
"N"2 charts building blocks.
Number of entities.
The “"N"” in an "N"2 diagram is the number of entities for which relationships are shown. This "N" × "N" matrix requires the user to generate complete definitions of all interfaces in a rigid bidirectional, fixed framework. The user places the functional or physical entities on the diagonal axis and the interface inputs and outputs in the remainder of the diagram squares. A blank square indicates that there is no interface between the respective entities. Data flows clockwise between entities (i.e., the symbol F1 → F2, in Figure 4, indicates data flowing from function F1 to function F2; the symbol F2 → F1 indicates the feedback). That which passes across the interface is defined in the appropriate squares. 
The diagram is complete when the user has compared each entity to all other entities. The N2 diagram should be used in each successively lower level of entity decomposition. Figure 1 illustrates directional flow
of interfaces between entities within an "N"2 diagram. (In this case, the entities are functions.)
Functions on the diagonal.
In the example on the right, "N" equals 5. The five functions are on the diagonal. The arrows show the flow of data between functions. So if function 1 sends data to function 2, the data elements would be placed in the box to the right of function 1. If function 1 does not send data to any of the other functions, the rest of the boxes to right of function 1 would be empty. If function 2 sends data to function 3 and function 5, then the data elements would be placed in the first and third boxes to the right of function 2. If any function sends data back to a previous function, then the associated box to the left of the function would have the data elements placed in it. The squares on either side of the diagonal (not just adjacent squares) are filled in with appropriate data to depict the flow between the functions. If there is no interface between two functions, the square that represents the interface between the two functions is left blank. Physical interfaces would be handled in the same manner, with the physical entities on the diagonal rather than the functional entities.
Contextual and administrative data.
Each "N"2 diagram shall contain at a minimum the following contextual and administrative data:
N2 diagrams are a valuable tool for not only identifying functional or physical interfaces, but also for pinpointing areas in which conflicts may arise with interfaces so that system integration proceeds smoothly and efficiently.
Figure 5 presents information in an N2 diagram, which complements the Functional flow block diagram. Notice that in this illustration, there are no data elements or triggers. The figure illustrates the context between functions at different levels of the model.
Examples.
Figure 6 is an example of the diagram’s appearance when cells are populated with data.

</doc>
<doc id="19467980" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19467980" title="Albert J. Sloan–Alumni Stadium">
Albert J. Sloan–Alumni Stadium

Albert J. Sloan–Alumni Stadium is a stadium in Fairfield, Alabama. It is primarily used for American football, and is the home field of the Miles College. 

</doc>
<doc id="19468018" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19468018" title="Rothrock Stadium">
Rothrock Stadium

Rothrock Stadium is a stadium in Jackson, Tennessee. It is primarily used for American football, and is the home field of Lane College. Built in the 1930s, it originally served as the home field of the Union University Bulldogs, until Union ended its football program in the early 1950s. Rothrock has also served as the home field for Jackson High School (later Jackson Central-Merry High School). 

</doc>
<doc id="19468046" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19468046" title="Autoimmune disease">
Autoimmune disease

Autoimmune diseases arise from an abnormal immune response of the body against substances and tissues normally present in the body (autoimmunity). This may be restricted to certain organs (e.g. in autoimmune thyroiditis) or involve a particular tissue in different places (e.g. Goodpasture's disease which may affect the basement membrane in both the lung and the kidney). The treatment of autoimmune diseases is typically with immunosuppression—medication that decreases the immune response. A large number of autoimmune diseases are recognised.
Criteria.
For a disease to be regarded as an autoimmune disease it needs to answer to "Witebsky's postulates" (first formulated by Ernst Witebsky and colleagues in 1957 and modified in 1994):
Effects of Autoimmune disease.
It has been estimated that autoimmune diseases are among the ten leading causes of death among women in all age groups up to 65 years.
A substantial minority of the population suffers from these diseases, which are often chronic, debilitating, and life-threatening. There are more than eighty illnesses caused by autoimmunity.
Classification.
It is possible to classify autoimmune diseases by corresponding type of hypersensitivity: type II, type III, or type IV. (No type of autoimmune disease mimics type I hypersensitivity.)
There is continuing debate about when a disease should be considered autoimmune, leading to different criteria such as Witebsky's postulates.
Development of therapies.
In both autoimmune and inflammatory diseases, the condition arises through aberrant reactions of the human adaptive or innate immune systems. In autoimmunity, the patient’s immune system is activated against the body's own proteins. In chronic inflammatory diseases, neutrophils and other leukocytes are constitutively recruited by cytokines and chemokines, leading to tissue damage.
Mitigation of inflammation by activation of anti-inflammatory genes and the suppression of inflammatory genes in immune cells is a promising therapeutic approach.

</doc>
<doc id="19468070" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19468070" title="Alumni Field (Kentucky State)">
Alumni Field (Kentucky State)

Alumni Field is a stadium in Frankfort, Kentucky. It is primarily used for American football, and is the home field of Kentucky State University. 

</doc>
<doc id="19468079" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19468079" title="Zeitschrift für Geologische Wissenschaften">
Zeitschrift für Geologische Wissenschaften

The () is a peer-reviewed German scientific journal established in 1973, that publishes preferably original papers in German and English dealing with geology and related sub-disciplines. Since 2005 the journal has been published nimonthly by the Verlag für Geowissenschaften Berlin. The journal was formerly an official periodical of the national East German Gesellschaft für Geologische Wissenschaften, the East German geological sciences society, and was published by the scientific and academic publishing house Akademie Verlag. The journal was regarded as the most important geological sciences periodical in East Germany with an international reputation. The journal is indexed in: Georef, Chemical Abstracts Service, and Geoline.
Journal contents and structure.
The journal publishes articles in the following categories:

</doc>
<doc id="19468118" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19468118" title="Wildcat Stadium (Fort Valley, Georgia)">
Wildcat Stadium (Fort Valley, Georgia)

Wildcat Stadium is a stadium in Fort Valley, Georgia. It is primarily used for American football, and is the home field of the Fort Valley State University. 

</doc>
<doc id="19468119" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19468119" title="William Seale">
William Seale

William Seale is an American historian and author.
He attended Southwestern University (BA 1961) and Duke University (MA 1964 and PhD 1965). He taught for several years at Lamar University, the University of Houston, the University of South Carolina, and Columbia University. From 1973-1974 he was curator of cultural history at the Smithsonian Institution. Since 1975 he has been an independent scholar concerned with historical writing and the restoration of historic American buildings, notably state capitols.
His books include, "The President’s House: A History", 2 vols. (White House Historical Association, 1986 and 2008), "The White House: History of an American Idea" (White House Historical Association, 2005); "The Tasteful Interlude: American Interiors Through the Camera’s Eye" (Praeger Publishers, 1975), "Recreating the Historic House Interior" (American Association for State and Local History Press, 1988), "Restoration of the Kentucky Governor’s Mansion" (State of Kentucky, 1984), "Restoration of the Michigan Capitol", State of Michigan, Kent State University Press, 1988), with Erik Kvalsvik, "Domestic Views" (Abrams, 1992), and various guide books and local histories relating to architecture, such as "The Virginia Governor’s Mansion" (1986), with Henry-Russell Hitchcock, "Temples of Democracy: The State Capitols of the USA" (Harcourt 1976), and "Courthouse" (Bonanza, 1977).
His restoration projects include the state capitols of Michigan, Ohio, Kansas, Florida, Mississippi, Alabama, and historical consultation on the capitols of Minnesota, Alaska, and New Jersey. Historic houses include Dodona Manor, the Gen. George C. Marshall House, Leesburg, Virginia, Ten Chimneys, home of Alfred Lunt and Lynn Fontanne, Genessee Depot, Wisconsin, George Eastman House, Rochester, New York, Ximenez-Fatio House, St. Augustine, Florida, Old Governor's Mansion (Milledgeville, Georgia), and many others over a period of twenty-five years.
Seale is editor of "White House History", the award-winning journal of the White House Historical Association.
In 2013 he served as a consultant and panelist for the Cable-Satellite Public Affairs Network (C-SPAN) production, "First Ladies, Influence and Image", that would run for two seasons.[http://firstladies.c-span.org/FirstLady/20/Julia-Grant.aspx] 

</doc>
<doc id="19468127" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19468127" title="Joe the King">
Joe the King

Joe the King is a 1999 drama film, written and directed by Frank Whaley, based largely on his own childhood and the childhood of his brother. It stars Noah Fleiss, Val Kilmer, Karen Young, Ethan Hawke, John Leguizamo, Austin Pendleton, Camryn Manheim, Max Ligosh and James Costa. The film premiered at the 1999 Sundance Film Festival, where it won the Waldo Salt Screenwriting Award (shared with "Guinevere").
Plot.
14-year-old Joe Henry (Noah Fleiss) has spent his life in an abusive household. His father Bob (Val Kilmer) is a raging violent alcoholic, while his mother, Theresa (Karen Young) feels too stressed to pay attention to him and lives in fear of getting caught in the path of her husband's wrath. His brother, about a year older, is normal and friendly, but offers no affirmative guidance. He mostly ignores Joe as he doesn't want the association of Joe's natural uncoolness ruining his attempts to get into the "in" crowd. Joe is taunted by his classmates, and hassled by creditors about his father's mounting bills. To make matters worse, one night Bob goes off the deep end and smashes all of Theresa's records. In response to economic pressure, Joe takes a full-time job after school, leaving him tired and even less able to keep up with class work. Far worse, he becomes a petty thief to raise the money to pay Bob's bills and replace her records. He even does an insider job—robbing the diner where he works illegally.
Failing in school, Joe is assigned a Guidance counselor Leonard Coles (Ethan Hawke), who, though reasonably friendly, is incompetent. (For example, in their first session, when Joe starts to talk about his problems, the counselor unthinkingly shuts him off). Disaster eventually strikes, and Joe faces the rest of his seemingly doomed life in doubt. Ironically, where he winds up next seems more like hope than tragedy. Perhaps a chance to get away from his horrible childhood and family.
Location.
This film was shot almost entirely on Staten Island, serving as a stand-in location for Whaley's home town of Syracuse, New York. Numerous scenes were shot at Staten Island Technical High School.

</doc>
<doc id="19468161" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19468161" title="Doncaster (St. James' Bridge) railway station">
Doncaster (St. James' Bridge) railway station

Doncaster (St. James' Bridge) railway station was situated in the Hexthorpe area of Doncaster, South Yorkshire, England and was accessed from St. James' Bridge, the main road link between Doncaster town centre and the railway community of Hexthorpe. The station was a little nearer Doncaster than the South Yorkshire Railway's Doncaster (Cherry Tree Lane) railway station being less than a mile south of the main station, adjacent to the Sheffield line.
The station, which consisted of a single island platform, was built by the LNER to serve excursion traffic, principally that bringing visitors to the town in connection with the St. Leger horse racing festival held each September although it was also used for seaside excursions leaving (or passing through) the town heading for the east coast, principally to Cleethorpes. (Those not required to stop would usually be routed via the Doncaster Avoiding Line due to pressure of space). This station, adjacent to carriage sidings where incoming trains could be stored also relieved the pressure of platform space in the town's main station.
Access was by a substantial wooden ramp, stepped on one side, plain slope for cyclists on the other, from St. James' Bridge, a favourite place for trainspotters with views over the East Coast Main Line and the Sheffield bound line. Platform facilities were minimal and consisted of a small office, used by the staff which came from the main station as needed. 
Because the station never had a regular timetabled service it did not appear in timetables, only in "Special Traffic Notices" when it was to be used. This also means that closure notices were not required when it was no longer needed by the demands of traffic and an official closure date not recorded. It was, however, in use until the late 1950s, but possibly even later. 
The station platforms were not removed on closure and were in situ until changes were made to the track layout in the area in the late 1990s.

</doc>
<doc id="19468224" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19468224" title="LOCUS (operating system)">
LOCUS (operating system)

LOCUS was a distributed operating system developed at UCLA during the 1980s. It was notable for providing an early implementation of the single-system image idea, where a cluster of machines appeared to be one larger machine.
A desire to commercialize the technologies developed for LOCUS inspired the creation of the Locus Computing Corporation which went on to include ideas from LOCUS in various products, including OSF/1 AD and, finally, the SCO–Tandem UnixWare NonStop Clusters product.
Description.
The LOCUS system was created at UCLA between 1980 and 1983, initial implementation was on a cluster of PDP-11/45s using 1 and 10 megabit ring networks, by 1983 the system was running on 17 VAX-11/750s using a 10 megabit Ethernet. The system was Unix compatible and provided both a single root view of the file system and a unified process space across all nodes.
The development of LOCUS was supported by an ARPA research contract, DSS-MDA-903-82-C-0189.
File system.
In order to allow reliable and rapid access to the cluster wide filesystem LOCUS used replication, the data of files could be stored on more than one node and LOCUS would keep the various copies up to date. This provided particularly good access times for files that were read more often than they were written, the normal case for directories for example.
In order to ensure that all access was made to the most recent version of any file LOCUS would nominate one node as the "current synchronization site" (CSS) for a particular file system. All accesses to files a file system would need to be coordinated with the appropriate CSS.
Node dependent files.
As with other SSI systems LOCUS sometimes found it necessary to "break the illusion" of a single system, notably to allow some files to be different on a per-node basis. For example it was possible to build a LOCUS cluster containing both PDP-11/45 and VAX 750 machines, but instruction sets used were not identical, so two versions of each object program would be needed
The solution was to replace the files that needed to be different on a per node basis by special hidden directories. These directories would then contain the different versions of the file. When a user accessed one of these hidden directories the system would check the users "context" and open the appropriate file.
For example, if the user was running on one of the PDP-11/45's and typed the command codice_1 then the system would find that codice_1 was actually a hidden directory and run the command codice_3. Another user on a VAX node who typed codice_1 would run the command codice_5.
Devices.
LOCUS provided remote access to I/O devices.
Processes.
LOCUS provided a single process space. Processes could be created on any node on the system. Both the Unix fork and exec calls would examine an "advice list" which determined on which node the process would be run. LOCUS was designed to work with heterogeneous nodes, (e.g. a mix of VAX 750s and PDP 11/45s) and could decide to execute a process on a different node if it needed a particular instruction set. As an optimization a "run" call was added which was equivalent to a combined fork and exec, thus avoiding the overhead of copying the process memory image to another node before overwriting it by the new image.
Pipes.
Processes could use pipes for inter node communication, including named pipes,
Partitioning.
The LOCUS system was designed to be able to cope with network partitioning - one or more nodes becoming disconnected from the rest of the system. As the file system was replicated the disconnected nodes could continue to access files. When the nodes were reconnected any files modified by the disconnected nodes would be merged back into the system. For some file types (for example mailboxes) the system would perform the merge automatically, for others the user would be informed (by mail) and tools were provided to allow access to the different versions of the file.

</doc>
<doc id="19468264" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19468264" title="WMYJ">
WMYJ

WMYJ may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19468291" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19468291" title="Hiw Island">
Hiw Island

Hiw (sometimes spelled "Hiu") is the northernmost island in Vanuatu, located in Torba Province.
Geography.
Hiw is the largest island in the Torres Islands in Torba Province. It is situated east of the Torres Trench, south of Vanikoro in the Solomon Islands. It has an area of 51 km2. The highest point is Mount Wonvara (366 m).
"Vewoag Point" (locally called "Ngrë Twome"), the northern cape of Hiw, is the northernmost point of land of Vanuatu. 1,6 km north of Hiw is a submerged coral reef, "Ngwey Gakwe" (formerly "Recif Giraudeau"), over which the waves break.
Population.
Hiw has a population of about 270 inhabitants.
They are distributed in three villages, all located on the east coast: "Yogwye" ; "Yaqane" ; and the main village "Yögevigemëne" , whose name is sometimes shortened to "Yugemëne" .
The language spoken on the island is also called Hiw.
Transportation.
The Torres islands are served by Torres Airport, which is located on the Linua island, south of Hiw.

</doc>
<doc id="19468298" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19468298" title="Canoeing at the 1976 Summer Olympics – Men's K-1 1000 metres">
Canoeing at the 1976 Summer Olympics – Men's K-1 1000 metres

The men's K-1 1000 metres event was an individual kayaking event conducted as part of the Canoeing at the 1976 Summer Olympics program.
Results.
Heats.
The 19 competitors first raced in three heats on July 29. The top three finishers from each of the heats advanced directly to the semifinals. All remaining competitors competed in the repechages later that day.
Perri and Diba were disqualified for underweight boats after the heat, but the decision was reversed when judges announced that the super sensitive electronic scales had responded to a change in atmospheric pressure.
Repechages.
Taking place on July 29, three repechages were held. The top three finishers in each repechage advanced to the semifinals.
Semifinals.
Raced on July 31, the top three finishers from each of the three semifinals advanced to the final.
Final.
The final took place on July 31. 
Helm, the youngest competitor of the event, was fifth at the 250 meter mark, then made his move at the last quarter of the race. Passing Csapó, he shouted for joy as he crossed the finish line in victory.

</doc>
<doc id="19468306" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19468306" title="Typhoon Jangmi (2008)">
Typhoon Jangmi (2008)

Typhoon Jangmi (international designation: 0815, JTWC designation: 19W, PAGASA name: Ofel) was the most intense tropical cyclone in the Northwest Pacific Ocean during the 2000s, tied with Nida in 2009. Jangmi, which means "rose" in Korean, developed into a tropical storm on September 24 and underwent rapid deepening on September 26–27. The typhoon significantly weakened on September 28, owing to crossing Taiwan.
Jangmi killed 2 people and caused about $77.8 million (2008 USD) in damage in Taiwan, as well as the typhoon also made operations of Maokong Gondola suspended due to erosion around a pillar, until March 30, 2010. When Jangmi was weakening and becoming extratropical, it killed 4 people and caused about $9.9 million (2008 USD) in damage in Japan.
Meteorological history.
A low-pressure area formed south of Guam on September 22. On the next day, the Joint Typhoon Warning Center (JTWC) issued a Tropical Cyclone Formation Alert on the system. Owing to the low-level circulation center (LLCC) rapidly consolidating with convective banding, JTWC upgraded it to a tropical depression late on the same day. Overall, the environment was favorable for further development, with a developing anticyclone over the LLCC, weak vertical wind shear, and good poleward outflow due to a cold-core low north of the system.
Early on September 24, JTWC upgraded the system to a tropical storm; however, according to RSMC Best Track Data, the system intensified into a tropical depression at the same time. At noon, the Japan Meteorological Agency (JMA) upgraded the system to a tropical storm and named it "Jangmi", when it was tracking northwestward under the steering influence of the subtropical ridge in the northeast. Several hours later, Jangmi entered the Philippine Area of Responsibility, earning the name "Ofel" from the Philippine Atmospheric, Geophysical and Astronomical Services Administration (PAGASA).
Shortly after JMA upgraded Jangmi to a severe tropical storm early on September 25, JTWC upgraded it to a typhoon for its developing eye; moreover, according to RSMC Best Track Data, Jangmi intensified into a typhoon simultaneously. Tracking toward a weakness in the subtropical ridge induced by a mid-latitude trough to the north-northeast on September 26, Jangmi formed an cirrus-filled and ambiguous eye, as the typhoon gradually intensified owing to strong radial outflow provided by a mesoscale anticyclone aloft, which persisted into a tropical upper tropospheric trough cell to the east.
At 00Z on September 27, JTWC upgraded Jangmi to a super typhoon, with a round eye with an intense and symmetric core of deep convection and excellent convective banding over all quadrants. Six hours later, the typhoon reached category 5 strength on the Saffir–Simpson hurricane wind scale. At 12Z, Jangmi attained peak intensity by the ten-minute maximum sustained winds reaching 115 knots (215 km/h, 130 mph) and the atmospheric pressure decreasing to . In terms of ten-minute maximum sustained winds, it became the most intense tropical cyclone in the Northwest Pacific Ocean since Angela in 1995, tied with Nida in the next year, until Megi surpassed all of them in 2010.
Jangmi weaken gradually due to land interaction with Taiwan early on September 28. After JTWC downgraded Jangmi to a typhoon, it made landfall over Nan'ao in Yilan, Taiwan at 15:40 TST (07:40 UTC) with ten-minute maximum sustained winds of 100 knots (185 km/h, 115 mph) and an atmospheric pressure of . Because of the frictional effects of land, the typhoon showed trochoidal motion overland, unexpectedly shifting toward the south-southwest shortly. Jangmi weakened significantly by the mountainous terrain of Taiwan after landfall; therefore, it lost the majority of deep convection. Under the steering influence by the eastern subtropical ridge, the system began to track northward toward a break situated east of Shanghai, China, and it arrived at the Taiwan Strait from Taoyuan at 04:20 TST on September 29 (20:20 UTC on September 28).
Early on September 29, Jangmi weakened into a severe tropical storm in the East China Sea, when JTWC downgraded it to a tropical storm. Despite lacking significant deep convection, the storm still had good radial outflow, especially the poleward outflow tapped into strong mid-latitude westerlies. As JMA downgraded Jangmi to a tropical storm at noon, the system started to track northeastward along the weakened western finger of the subtropical ridge. Jangmi underwent extratropical transition while accelerating east-northeastward and then eastward on September 30, as well as upper-level westerly winds sheared the remaining convection to the east and south of the low-level circulation center with frontal features. Late on the same day, JTWC reported that Jangmi became extratropical with a final warning.
JMA reported that Jangmi became an extratropical cyclone near the Ōsumi Islands early on October 1, and the system kept moving eastward rapidly during that day. Remaining weak and shallow, it began to drift east-southeastward slowly by early on October 2. Since the noon on the same day, the system turned to drift southward very slowly. It ultimately dissipated near Iwo Jima on October 5.
Impact.
Taiwan.
Typhoon Jangmi brought torrential rainfall throughout the mountains in Taiwan on September 27–29, where were already severely affected by Typhoon Sinlaku in early September. of precipitation was recorded at Taiping Mountain in Datong, Yilan. Jangmi also brought in Zhuqi, Chiayi and in Beitou, Taipei. 3,661 people were evacuated, and 1,040,880 residences in Taiwan lost power because of the typhoon.
The typhoon caused 2 fatalities and 61 injures in Taiwan, while 2 people are still missing. On National Highway No. 5 in Su'ao, Yilan, a bus was blown over by the strong winds, injuring 36 passengers inside. In Qingshui, Taichung, an 18-year-old female was strangled to death by a falling coaxial cable of cable television when riding a motorcycle. In Wuqi, Taichung, an 82-year-old male was killed by blown into a flooded rice paddy when riding a bike.
The heavy rains brought by Typhoon Jangmi caused a landslide on the mountain slope near the Maokong Gondola Tower No. 16 on September 28. Considering local residents’ worries, On October 1, the Taipei City Government announced that the Maokong Gondola would temporarily suspend service and carry out further assessment; based on the suggestions made by construction, environment protection, and geological associations, it was decided that Tower No. 16 should be moved. 
The New Construction Office of Taipei City Government completed the work of moving T16 tower base and re-hanging cable on January 31, 2010. After examination of operational simulation by TRTC, the system met the requirements by the inspection committee on March 4, 2010. The Maokong Gondola eventually resumed normal operations on March 30, 2010.
Japan.
Typhoon Jangmi brought strong winds and heavy rainfall to Okinawa, peaking at to the islands on September 27–29. Ishigaki Island sustained the most severe damage after a dike collapsed, flooding the surrounding areas. Much of the prefecture was left without power as winds gusted to 110 km/h (70 mph). Throughout the prefecture, four people were killed and six others were injured, two of whom sustained severe injuries. Damage from the storm amounted to 65.2 million yen ($746,670 USD). By October 1, the remnants of Jangmi brought heavy rains and strong winds to Kyūshū. The highest rainfall total was measured in Satsumakashiwabaru, in the Kagoshima Prefecture, at . In the prefecture, these rains triggered 42 landslides and flooded seven homes, three of which were left with severe damage. A total of 334 hectares of farmland was damaged by Jangmi, leaving 15.4 million yen ($176,360 USD) in losses. In Miyazaki Prefecture, one person was injured and three homes were damaged after a hillside collapsed.

</doc>
<doc id="19468315" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19468315" title="Battle of Nablus">
Battle of Nablus

The Battle of Nablus was fought from April 5 to April 8, 2002 in the Palestinian city of Nablus in the West Bank between the Israel Defense Forces (IDF) and Palestinian forces, as part of Operation Defensive Shield in the Second Intifada. It resulted in an Israeli victory.
Prelude.
Of all the West Bank towns, the IDF General Staff was particularly concerned about the expected resistance in Nablus, and especially in its Casbah. Hamas and Fatah had launched dozens of suicide bombers. Despite a previous successful raid on Balata, the General Staff still estimated hundreds of armed men would be entrenched in the city, causing the IDF heavy casualties. Two days after the start of Defensive Shield, an extension of the operation north of Ramallah, to Nablus and Jenin, was approved. Originally, the mission was given to a reserve division, but was later transferred to the more experienced West Bank Division. The division's commander, Brigadier General Yitzhak Gershon, received two regular infantry brigades, the Paratroopers Brigade and the Golani Brigade, along with a reserve armored division. A private contractor allowed the commander of the Paratroopers 890th battalion to use a construction site for training for three days. There was a near-mutiny among one reserve armored platoon, who claimed they were not properly trained for urban warfare. High ranking armor officers eventually talked them into joining the operation.
Battle.
Israeli armored and infantry forces quickly occupied most of the city, with clashes taking place around refugee camps. Israeli Air Force attack helicopters fired rockets at Palestinian defenses in Nablus' main square and neighboring streets, but to minimal effect. The Nablus Casbah was attacked by two battalions simultaneously, using two different fighting methods. The Golani Brigade pushed in using Achzarit armored personnel carriers and armored bulldozers to clear away barricades. The Golani Brigade engaged the Palestinians in heavy street combat, forcing many to withdraw to the western part of the Casbah, where they were attacked by the Paratroopers Brigade. The Palestinians in the Casbah were deployed in small squads, consisting of two to four men, with each squad in charge of a sector. Explosive charges were set between the alleys and shooting positions were taken. Nasser Badawi, an Al-Aqsa Martyrs' Brigades commander, said "We are waiting for the Israelis to get out of their armored vehicles and fight us on the ground".
The Paratroopers advanced by sending several small forces at the same time to take over houses in the Casbah and confuse the Palestinian fighters. Often, the Palestinians would expose their positions to Israeli military snipers by firing at Israeli forces in another direction. Palestinian commander Ahmed Tabouk was among those killed by sniper fire. On April 8, the Palestinians announced their willingness to surrender. The acceptance of the surrender was postponed by two hours, during which the Paratroopers killed more Palestinian fighters.
According to a later lecture by the Paratroopers Brigade commander, Colonel Aviv Kochavi, Israeli Chief of Staff (Ramatkal) Shaul Mofaz, was unhappy with the fact that two other Palestinian towns, Qalqiliyah and Tulkarm, had surrendered almost without Palestinian casualties. Mofaz argued that it was better not to leave armed men in Nablus, who would resume their attacks on the IDF after the withdrawal.
Aftermath.
About seventy Palestinian fighters and eight civilians were killed. At least one IDF officer was killed by friendly fire. Hundreds of Palestinians were arrested. High ranked wanted persons, such as Nasser Awais of Fatah and Husam Badran of Hamas fled east to Tubas. They were arrested a week later. The IDF also claimed to have exposed explosive labs. According to UNESCO, hundreds of buildings were affected. Sixty-four were severely damaged, seventeen of which had "particular heritage significance", including the Abd al-Hadi Palace. Four buildings were completely destroyed. The United Nations estimated the property damage at $110m.

</doc>
<doc id="19468320" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19468320" title="Zurbatiyah">
Zurbatiyah

Zurbatiyah is a city located in Wāsiţ, Iraq and is a busy port of entry from Iran.
The Zurbatiyah port of entry, east of Baghdad, is one of Iraq's busiest crossing points. Hundreds of Iranians, mainly pilgrims heading for the Shiite holy cities of Najaf and Karbala, cross the border on foot each day. 

</doc>
<doc id="19468350" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19468350" title="British in India">
British in India


</doc>
<doc id="19468353" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19468353" title="1998 U.S. Men's Clay Court Championships – Singles">
1998 U.S. Men's Clay Court Championships – Singles

Seeds.
A champion seed is indicated in bold text while text in italics indicates the round in which that seed was eliminated.

</doc>
<doc id="19468365" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19468365" title="Combat Outpost Shocker">
Combat Outpost Shocker

Combat Outpost Shocker (COP Shocker) was a United States Coalition base located in Zurbatiyah, Iraq. The base is located parallel to Iraqi 3rd Region BDE Department of Border Enforcement (DBE). Assigned to the base were a contingent of Iraq Assistance Group Military transition teams, United States Border Patrol and U.S. Canine unit. The base planning and design was headed by U.S. Army Captain James Văn Thạch and completed in October 2007.
Rocket attack.
On 29 June 2011, Iranian-backed Kata'ib Hezbollah, also known as the Hezbollah Brigades fired IRAM rockets that struck COP Shocker. The attack resulted in the deaths of three Army soldiers, Captain Matthew G. Nielson, Captain David E. Van Camp and Sergeant Robert G. Tenney.
Transfer of base.
On 30 July 2011, the United States military turned over responsibility of COP Shocker to the Iraqi 3rd Region BDE Department of Border Enforcement (DBE).

</doc>
<doc id="19468371" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19468371" title="FS1 (disambiguation)">
FS1 (disambiguation)

FS1 may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19468393" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19468393" title="Our Lady of Doncaster">
Our Lady of Doncaster

Our Lady of Doncaster is a Marian shrine located in Doncaster, South Yorkshire, England. The original statue in the Carmelite friary was destroyed during the English Reformation. A modern shrine was erected in St Peter-in-Chains Church, Doncaster in 1973.
Carmelites and the shrine.
The Carmelite friary of Doncaster was founded by John Nicbrother (John Nightbrother of Eyan) in the quarter of the town then known as Hall Gate. Co-founders were Richard le Ewere and, by reason of their patronage, Richard II and John of Gaunt, his uncle.
On 30 November 1350, licence was granted for alienation in mortmain by, "John son of Henry Nicbrothere de Eyoun and Richard le Ewere of Doncastre to the Carmelite Friars who are coming there to dwell in the town of Doncastre, of a messuage and six acres of land there, to build thereon a church in honour of St Mary and houses to dwell in."
The Doncaster house became one of importance, due perhaps to its position on the Great North Road. A provincial chapter of the order was held here in 1376 and two of the community were appointed papal chaplains in 1398 and 1402
Doncaster afforded a suitable stopping place on the route north from London to Scotland and the Border. Henry VII, in his progress north after his coronation came from Nottingham to Doncaster on a Saturday. The following day he heard Mass before the Lady Shrine. On 13 June 1503, his elder daughter Margaret made her own progress to Scotland, to become Queen of James IV, whom she married two months later. She was met ceremonially on her arrival in Doncaster and lodged at Whitefriars, where she was introduced "according to precedent custom". Other royal visitors to the shrine had included Henry of Bolingbroke (Henry IV), in July 1399, and Edward IV in 1470.
Gifts to the shrine.
When the young Edward V was brought from Ludlow to London for his intended coronation, his protector, Anthony Woodville, 2nd Earl Rivers, was arrested by the Duke of Gloucester at Northampton and sent to Pontefract Castle. As soon as Gloucester had taken the throne for himself Rivers was executed at Pontefract. Before he died in 1483 he bequeathed the hair-shirt which he always wore in penance to Our Lady of Doncaster.
In 1449, Constance Bigod, widow of Sir John Bigod of Settrington, left her girdle worked with silver and gilt to Our Lady of Doncaster. Roger de Bankewell was buried close to Our Lady's Shrine, in 1366.
Later there were buried here Sir Robert Welles and his wife and, at her own request, in 1484, Margaret Cobham, wife of Ralph Neville, 2nd Earl of Westmorland. Her tomb was of such beauty that it was spared at the Dissolution and was removed to the parish church.
In 1482, Sir Hugh Hastings, then on an expedition against the Scots, thought it prudent to make provision, and left funds to provide wax to be burned during Mass before Our Lady's altar here. But he returned safe, and his Will did not become effective until his death in 1487. In 1506 his daughter-in-law, Katherine, following in the same tradition, left to Our Lady of Doncaster her "tawny chamlett gown". One supposes that the rich material with which it was made was cut up into vestments, with which the statue was arrayed.
The Northumberland Household Book contains the following entry: -
"Item: My Lord useth and accustomyth to paye yerly for the fyndynge of a light of wax to birre befor our Ladye in the Whit-Frers of my lordis foundation at Mastyme dayly throwout the yere sett befor our said Ladye there. To be paid to the prior of the said hous for the hole yere for the fyndynge of the said light. To be paid ounes (once a yere, xiii s. iiii d. )"
Alice West of Ripon gave Our Lady of Doncaster "my best bedes".
In time for Princess Margaret Tudor's visit, John Twisilton left a silver gilt crown. And, of interest is the following entry occurring in the Expenses of Henry VIII:- "1517, April. Sir Geoff. Wren, clerk of the closet, for a taper of wax burning before Our Lady of Doncaster, four years, 4 I."
Miracle of Robert Leche.
On the eve of the Reformation came a reputed miracle for Robert Leche and his family who were saved from drowning after invocation of Our Lady of Doncaster.
The full text of the story of the saving of Robert and his family is recorded in the Kenyon MSS., issued by the Historical Manuscripts Commission, under the heading of "A curious account of a reputed Miracle". It is one of the most substantial of any such accounts preserved to us from the old Catholic days and the text in question runs thus:
"Be it known to all Christian people that on the 15th day of July, 1524, that as one William Nicholson of Townsburgh (some three miles from Doncaster) should have crossed the river (Don) at a ford at Seaforth Sands with an iron-bound wagon with six oxen and two horses, laden with household stuff, having in the said wayn or wagon one Robert Leche, his wife, two children (one child being half a year of age, the other being under seven years) set his servant Richard Kychyn upon the forward horse; and when past midstream, due to wind and rain, all were driven down stream; the first horse was drowned and the wayn and all was upset, with the wheels upside down.
"Then did the company all call and cry out to Almighty God and Our Blessed Lady, whose image is honoured and worshipped in the White Friars of Doncaster. Each in turn managed to call upon Our Lady and be saved; but Robert Leche's wife, carried three hundred foot and more midstream, and the wagon rolling over and over, and she in it.
"All people on land did kneel, and prayed that if ever Our Lady of Doncaster showed miracle, she would show some grace upon this woman. And saved she was; shouted out that she did right well for God, and that Our Lady of Doncaster had saved her.
"And that these premises be true and not feigned, William Nicholson, Robert Leche and his wife and children, came to Our Lady of Doncaster upon St Mary Magdalene's Day next after, and did declare this gracious miracle, and it was sworn upon a book before the Prior and Convent with various witnesses named.
"And at that day this gracious miracle was rung and sung in the presence of three hundred people and more. 
Deo Gracias."
Destruction of the shrine.
In the aftermath of the Pilgrimage of Grace, whose leader, Robert Aske had stayed with the Carmelites at Doncaster, the priory and Shrine were doomed. The priory was surrendered by Edward Stubbis, the prior, and seven friars, on 13 November 1538 to Hugh Wyrrall and Tristram Teshe. The King's Commissioners made an inventory of the friary property but Our Lady of Doncaster's statue had already been removed under Archbishop Lee's orders.
According to Charles Wriothesley, Windsor Herald, who wrote a "Chronicle of England" during the reigns of the Tudors: - "It was the month of July, the images of Our Lady of Walsingham and Ipswich were brought up to London with all the jewels that hung around them, at the King's commandment, and divers other images, both in England and Wales, that were used for common pilgrimage . . . and they were burnt at Chelsea by my Lord Privy Seal". 
Two other chroniclers, Hall and Speed, suggest that the actual burning did not take place until September. 
The fate of the image of Our Lady of Doncaster is not stated, and beyond the Archbishop's action in seizing it we have no means of knowing what did happen to the statue. A famous letter from Bishop Hugh Latimer to Thomas Cromwell mentions the image by name, referring firstly to the image of Our Lady of Worcester he says:
"She hath been the Devil's instrument, I fear, to bring many to eternal fire; now she herself with her older sister of Walsingham, her younger sister of Ipswich, and their two sisters of Doncaster and Penrhys will make a jolly muster in Smithfield. They would not be all day in burning".
New shrine.
A Roman Catholic church in Doncaster, St Peter-in-Chains, was dedicated in 1855. A new shrine was established in 1868 after Phyffers of London were commissioned to produce the new statue.
That church featured a remarkable tympanum over the main portal. Charles Hatfield's description of it, in his 1868 Historical Notes, gives a contemporary opinion within a few months of its erection:
"The doorway is divided by a shaft of polished granite, which serves as a pedestal for the statue of Our Blessed Lady, carved alto relievo, having Our Lord and Saviour in her arms and on either side standing figures representing St Peter and St Charles Borromeo, patron saints of the church. The background of the design is relieved with drapery and the ensemble is very chaste and effective. It is cut in Roche Abbey stone. A nimbus or halo surrounds the principal figure on which is the following inscription: BENEDICTA ET VENERABILIS ES VIRGO MARIA QUAE SINE TACTU PUDORIS INVENTA ES MATER SALVATORIS."
The revival of devotion to Our Lady of Doncaster has been quiet and unobtrusive. The Marian year of 1954 gave impetus to the revival.
The Bishop of Leeds, the Right Reverend John Carmel Heenan, encouraged the devotion by composing a prayer in honour of our Lady of Doncaster, to which he attached an indulgence.
Modern times.
A new church was opened by Cardinal Heenan on Palm Sunday 1973 and the congregation joined with Bishop Gerald Moverley (first Bishop of Hallam) in celebrating its consecration on the feast of Ss Peter and Paul, 29 June 1988.
The new church is octagonal in shape. John Bentley’s Tabernacle Door, the four reredos panels and the altar designed for the old church are incorporated in the Blessed Sacrament Chapel of the new church.
The statue of Our Lady of Doncaster now stands in a circular shrine chapel on the north side of the church. Phyffers' statue stands in an oak reredos with modern stained glass windows depicting St Joseph, the Annunciation, the Nativity and the Assumption.

</doc>
<doc id="19468399" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19468399" title="Rising Shadows">
Rising Shadows

Rising Shadows is a Neoclassical band formed in Stockholm, Sweden by composer Fredrik Klingwall in 1996.
Biography.
Rising Shadows was originally started by Fredrik Klingwall as a one-man project under the name 'Shadow of the Concealed'.
The project released one demo and then changed the name into Rising Shadows in 1997. From 1999 the project was more or less on hold until vocalist Linda-li joined in 2004.
In 2006 their debut album Falling Deep Within was released by Argentinian label Twilight Records. The album featured songs rich with medieval and Nordic folk influences. They also appeared on two compilation issued by fantasy label Waerloga Records.
For the recordings of the second album Found In The Cold they were joined by former Katatonia bassist Guillaume Le Huche. Found In The Cold was released by Twilight Records in late 2008. Guillaume subsequently left the band during the recordings of the third album Finis Gloriae Mundi.

</doc>
<doc id="19468406" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19468406" title="ORF 2 Europe">
ORF 2 Europe

Since July 2004, a trans-European version of the channel, ORF2 Europe, is broadcast free-to-air. The service is similar to the Austrian version, though some programs are replaced with a video simulcast of Ö1, ORF's international radio service.

</doc>
<doc id="19468426" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19468426" title="Fabien Vehlmann">
Fabien Vehlmann

Fabien Vehlmann (born 30 January 1972) is a French comics writer best known for "Green Manor" and "Seuls". Yvan Delporte dubbed him "The René Goscinny of the third millennium".
Biography.
Fabien Vehlmann, born in 1972 in Mont-de-Marsan, grew up in the Landes and the Savoie. He studied in Nantes. He started writing comics in 1996, but only got to work for "Spirou" magazine the next year, where he provided very short stories for the weekly summary of the magazine. Soon, some stories of a few pages followed, with artwork by a number of different artists, including Eric Maltaite and René Follet. His first recurring series was "Green Manor" with Denis Bodart. With Bruno Gazzotti he created "Seuls".
In January 2009, it was announced in "Spirou" magazine #3694 that Jean-David Morvan and José-Luis Munuera would be succeeded as the creative team behind the series "Spirou et Fantasio" by Yoann and Vehlmann, who had together created the first volume of "Une aventure de Spirou et Fantasio par...". Their first album in the regular series is announced for October 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="19468440" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19468440" title="Mack Magaha">
Mack Magaha

Mack Magaha (August 1, 1929 – August 15, 2003) was an American bluegrass fiddler best known as a member of Porter Wagoner's band, and a long-time backup player in the pioneering bluegrass band, Reno and Smiley.
Music career.
In 1955, Magaha joined Reno and Smiley as a member of the Tennessee Cutups. Together with Don Reno he wrote the popular song ""I know You're Married But I Love You Still"" which was recorded by Reno & Smiley. It was later covered by artists such as Bill Anderson, Rodney Crowell, Jan Howard, Patty Loveless, Jimmy Martin, Red Sovine, and Travis Tritt. In 1964, he joined Porter Wagoner's Wagonmasters. During the 1960s, he worked as an old-time fiddler on The Porter Wagoner Show and later worked with the aspiring female star on the show, Dolly Parton. Among the later songs Magaha wrote, "We'll Get Ahead Someday" provided a top-ten country single for Wagoner and Parton in 1968, one of their first duet hits.
He became a regular performer at the theme park Opryland USA in the 1970s. He died at age 74 at Nashville's Veterans Hospital.
Magaha was known as Nashville's Dancing Fiddle Man. Magaha, like Curly Ray Cline, had a fiery stage presence doing his dancelike movements while he was fiddling.

</doc>
<doc id="19468465" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19468465" title="Christopher Busby">
Christopher Busby

Christopher Busby (born 1 September 1945) is a British scientist known for his controversial theories about the negative health effects of very low-dose ionising radiation.
Busby is a director of Green Audit Limited, a private company, and scientific advisor to the Low Level Radiation Campaign (LLRC), another private company that he set up in 1999. Busby was the National Speaker on Science and Technology for the Green Party of England and Wales.
Following the 2011 Fukushima Daiichi nuclear disaster, Busby established a television and internet presence where he discussed the risks of ionizing radiation and the Japanese Government's handling of the disaster. Busby furthermore marketed, on his Japanese language website, tests and a mineral supplement (dubbed by critics an "anti-radiation" pill) that he claimed could mitigate the effects of ingested radioisotopes.
Career.
Busby obtained a BSc in Chemistry with First Class Honours from the University of London. His membership in the Royal Society of Chemistry lapsed in 1984. He later gained a PhD in chemical physics at the University of Kent, researching Raman spectro-electrochemistry. In 1999 Busby stood as an Election Candidate for the European Parliamentary elections. Busby was a member of the British government sponsored Committee Examining Radiation Risks from Internal Emitters (CERRIE), which operated from 2001 to 2004. In 2001, he was appointed to the UK Ministry of Defence Oversight Committee on Depleted Uranium (DUOB). Between 2003 and 2007 he was a Fellow of the Faculty of Medicine, University of Liverpool, in the Department of Human Anatomy and Cell Biology, and he was formerly a visiting professor at the School of Biomedical Sciences, University of Ulster.
Second event theory and photoelectric effect controversy.
Busby initially proposed the Second Event Theory (SET) in 1995, in his self-published book 'Wings of Death: Nuclear Pollution and Human Health' claiming that isotopes which decay sequentially, emitting two or more particles in a short decay chain, have far greater genotoxic effects than predicted by the LNT model. In particular, Busby's SET predicts that the 90Sr-90Y decay chain might be some ~30 times more carcinogenic than predicted by LNT, because primary exposure to a beta particle alters a cell to the G2 Phase, in which it is highly radio-sensitive, and a second particle "hit" within a few hours is more likely to cause carcinogenesis.
SET was criticized by Cox & Edwards (2000) who stated that if Busby's "biologically implausible" theory was correct and "all" irradiated cells undergo transformation to the G2 Phase, it would cause an increased risk factor of just 1.3 times and predict, on the contrary, substantial risk reduction at low doses for single emitting radioisotopes. Furthermore, it was established in 1906 (The Law of Bergonié and Tribondeau) that cells in the G2 Phase are more resistant to radiation than cells in the M Phase (Radiosensitivity and Cell cycle). The Committee Examining Radiation Risks of Internal Emitters (CERRIE) report, on which Busby was one of twelve members, exhaustively examined the biological plausibility of SET and commissioned an independent consultant to conduct a literature review. In 2004 CERRIE rejected the SET by a 10 to 2 majority consensus (Busby and non-scientist Richard Bramhall, dissented). The rejection was made for following reasons:
CERRIE also considered and rejected by 10 to 2 consensus the biphasic (bimodal) curve of Burlakova "et al." (1999), due to the study's "substantial shortcomings"; tables were so ambiguous that the risk-dose response could be interpreted as linear, biphasic or even promoting health (radiation hormesis).
Busby responded by selling for £25 a 3 person minority report on his website, which claims that internal low-level radiation is 300 times more dangerous than predicted, the currently accepted LNT model is meaningless, and in Sweden and Belarus cancer rates have risen by 40% since Chernobyl.
Later work by Busby focused on the health effects of ingested depleted uranium particles. In particular he has proposed that ingested uranium particles cause photoelectric enhancement, which he claims increases the genotoxic effect of natural background gamma radiation by 500 to 1000 times. In particular, he claims that natural gamma rays striking incorporated uranium in turn generates secondary electrons that damage cells). Recent work by Busby (2008) The plausibility of photoelectric enhancement mediated by ingested uranium particles as a mechanism of cell damage has been reported on in the New Scientist magazine. The majority of scientists interviewed in that article expressed interest in the theory but doubted that the effect could be as large as has been claimed by its proponents. Additionally, according to Busby, photoelectric enhancement is not limited to radioactive isotopes but involves all heavy atoms (high-Z). For example, in his opinion stable platinum particles emitted from catalytic converters would be similarly capable in theory of enhancing the effects of natural gamma radiation if ingested.
However, subsequent computer simulations by Pattison, Hugtenburg & Green (2010) indicate a radiation enhancement factor of only 1 to 10 fold for uranium particles, considerably lower than Busby's preliminary estimate. Indeed, a large body of research has accumulated into the efficacy of gold nanoparticle-aided radiation therapy (GNRT), where the effects of radiotherapeutic intense gamma ray and x-ray sources are modestly enhanced via the photoelectric effect by 0.3 to 1.16 fold, a lower range than estimated for uranium particles.
Conflicts with other low-dose radiation researchers.
Busby is the author of two self-published books on cancer incidence in Wales, "Wings of Death" and "Wolves of Water"; the latter was lauded in a review published by a group that "aims to provide a safe forum for the critical and open minded discussion of ideas that go beyond conventional paradigms in science, medicine and philosophy to challenge the adequacy of "scientific materialism" as an exclusive basis for knowledge and values." According to the reviewer, described as a former research immunologist, "Busby dissects the workings of the government advisory establishment, the biased science and institutional cover-ups of the causes of cancer and other illnesses".
The books were criticised in the Journal of Radiological Protection as "erroneous in consequence of various mistakes". According to Richard Wakeford, the editor-in-chief of the journal, a fellow CERRIE committee member representing the nuclear industry, and a specialist in the health effects of low-dose radiation (formerly with British Nuclear Fuels)
Busby served on the UK Government's Committee Examining Radiation Risks of Internal Emitters (CERRIE), which operated between 2001 and 2004, and included medical professionals, scientists, delegates from Greenpeace and Friends of the Earth, and Richard Wakeford representing the nuclear industry. Busby ultimately disagreed with the committee's conclusions and published a "minority report" with another committee member from LLRC
On the LLRC website page selling the minority report, it's claimed (without citation) that north Sweden cancer rates have increased by 40% since Chernobyl.
A doctoral dissertation from 2007 was reported as saying that the area "has shown a small but statistically significant increase in the incidence of cancer."
Busby has criticized other researchers studying health effects from low-dose radiation, for being "stupid" and "ignorant", and in particular Prof. Wade Allison (emeritus) of Oxford who had quoted a UN report saying that only 28 people have died as of 2005 from radiation releases at Chernobyl and who has said there is an "over-reaction" to low-dose radiation. In particular, he seems to have taken exception to Allison on philosophical grounds:
Busby went on to say, claiming support from a New York Academy of Sciences publication titled "", that "more than a million people have died between 1986 and 2004 as a direct result of Chernobyl." The report was in actuality only a translation of a Russian book not put under peer review by NYAS. Contrary to the UN report cited by Allison, it claims several hundred thousand deaths and projects the number to go higher, with some support from mathematical modeling. He can be equivocal about modelling—in earlier comments on BBC, he'd claimed "significant" plutonium releases from Fukushima detected far north of the reactor complex, supposedly established in part through the use of "a very advanced, sophisticated, computer air-flow model."
Antone Brooks (recently retired as the Technical Research Director of the U.S. Department of Energy's Low Dose Radiation Research Program) has also had differences with Busby.
Televised comments on Fukushima I nuclear accidents.
In a March 14 broadcast on BBC, Busby was interviewed along with Ian Fells, and characterized the accident as "exactly the same scenario" as Chernobyl. While admitting that the containment structure for Fukushima Dai-ichi was more much advanced than that at Chernobyl, he claimed there could be "nuclear explosion" rather than (as reported) a hydrogen explosion, if fuel elements had melted down and collected at the bottom of the vessel. He also asserted that radiation levels measured at a reactor north of Fukushima Dai-ichi (i.e. Onagawa) indicated that "up to 100 kilometers away, we are getting concentrations of plutonium, cesium and iodine" (sic - presumably radionuclides thereof) released from Fukushima Dai-ichi, making the releases comparable in his opinion to Chernobyl, in terms of human health impact. In response to Fells' characterization of the worst immediate effects being loss of power to an advanced industrial society, Busby said "this is a radiological catastrophe already", asserting in particular that plutonium releases were a major cause of concern.
On 30 March 2011 Busby first appeared on Russia Today stating that the Fukushima Nuclear Disaster was worse than being reported. During the follow up interview on April 13, 2011, Busby stated that Fukushima radiation pollution could cause up to 400,000 added cancer cases among those living within 200 km of the reactor, with " reports of significant radiation ... even south of Tokyo".
On April 25 Busby stated on Russia Today that he believed one of the explosions at the Fukushima I nuclear reactors was a "nuclear" one, rather than a hydrogen explosion as reported. In the same Russia Today broadcast, he referred to calculations made with his colleagues estimating that Chernobyl had killed 1,400,000 people, and that Fukushima's death toll would be in the same range, if not worse.
Controversy Regarding Sale of "Anti-Radiation" Pills.
Following the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear disaster, Busby established an internet presence discussing the risks of ionizing radiation and a conspiracy theory involving Japanese Government's efforts to spread radioactive contamination throughout the country. He also marketed online, services and a mineral supplement he claimed mitigate the dangers of ingested radioisotopes.
Most notably, Busby claimed radioactive caesium-137 released from the nuclear disaster can cause heart muscle damage and heart attacks in children and a mineral supplement, sold on his Japanese language website via 4u-detox of San Pedro, California, could prevent these deleterious effects (labelled "Busby Laboratories, Formula 1, Christopher Busby Foundation for The Children of Fukushima"). Busby says he bases his cardiac claims on the work of husband-and-wife team Yury Bandazhevsky & Galina Bandazhevskaya; known for their controversial claims that arrhythmia and heart attacks occurred in children at caesium-137 levels as low as 50 Bqkg−1 and that oral apple pectin increases its excretion (by comparison banana contains "ca." 3000 Bqkg−1 of natural potassium-40).
Busby later self-published a document that he claimed offered theoretical support for his supplement, namely an ability to block certain radioisotopes from binding to DNA. However, his document also explains that his supplement "cannot" block caesium-137, because it does not contain a protective dose of stable caesium: 
Additionally, Busby alleges the Japanese Government is involved in a conspiracy to spread radioactive contamination throughout Japan, in an effort to hide cancer clusters from epidemiologists and thus hinder litigation (cancer clusters are typically statistically identified by comparison with an unexposed cohort).
Gerry Thomas, professor of molecular pathology at the department of surgery and cancer at Imperial College, London, condemned the "anti-radiation" pills as useless and described the claims made by Busby as ludicrous. Ohtsura Niwa, professor at the Kyoto University Radiation Biology Center and CEO of BioMedics Japan, disagreed with Busby's contention that radiation is being deliberately spread throughout Japan. Niwa noted that the ownership of dosimeters in Japan is now widespread and if radioactive contamination was actively spread about, people would know. Niwa also agreed with Thomas, that mineral supplements cannot guard against strontium, uranium and plutonium radioisotopes. Similar mineral supplements are widely available in chemists in Tokyo, at 1/8th cost offered by Busby Laboratories.
Recently, a research team at the Experimental Radio-TOXological Laboratory (LRTOX), France, independently investigated the effects of high level (500 Bqkg−1) caesium-137 exposure in animals (heart, testes, blood, cholesterol, immune system, foetus etc.). For example, Guéguen "et al." (2008) investigated the possible cardiac effects of 500 Bqkg−1 caesium-137 exposure in rats over 3 months. They observed that, while caesium-137 exposure did not cause any damage to heart cells or arrhythmias, results indicated that quite subtle cardiac impairment might worsen in some sensitive individuals over time. Also, Le Gal "et al." (2006) found that the excretion of caesium-137 was not increased by oral apple pectin, however prussian blue (the drug Radiogardase®) enhanced faecal excretion of caesium-137 fivefold. Furthermore, the study of Bandazhevskaya (2004) involving oral apple pectin was criticised by Jargin (2010), who highlighted a number of serious flaws that meant the claims made could not substantiated.
Claiming that a supplement can be of use in the ""cure, mitigation, treatment, or prevention of disease"" renders it equivalent to a drug and subject to oversight by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) (Section 201(g)(1) of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act). Specifically, drugs must be demonstrated to work and proven safe. In April 2011, the FDA sent warning letters to an unrelated company, Premier Micronutrient Corporation of Nashville, Tennessee, USA, who similarly claim that it's "anti-oxidant" supplements are capable of preventing illness caused by radiation ("Bioshield-Radiation® R1" and "Bioshield Radiation® R2"). The FDA pointed out there was no scientific data demonstrating the drugs safety or effectiveness in treating radiation exposure. However, "Bioshield Radiation® R2" subsequently resumed sale with a legal waver, ""These statements have not been evaluated by the Food and Drug Administration. This product is not intended to diagnose, treat, cure, or prevent any disease.""; that it is a food supplement. The FDA approves three over-the-counter drugs for iodine-131 and one prescription drug (Radiogardase®) for caesium-137 contamination.
Research on WDU (Weapons Derived Uranium).
Busby had written repeatedly on DU and given presentations at the Royal Society, London, where he again gave a talk in Nov. 2008, titled "Scientific Dishonesty" and he reported or published the following findings:
Bosnia theatre in 1996 
In November 2012, Busby gave a talk in Geneva at the Human Rights Council about the failures of radiation protection as a Human Rights Issue.
A review of past studies of birth defects in Iraq concluded that there was no clear increase in birth defects and no clear indication of a possible environmental exposure including depleted uranium.

</doc>
<doc id="19468483" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19468483" title="Ewen Fergusson">
Ewen Fergusson

Sir Ewen Alastair John Fergusson (born 28 October 1932) is a retired British diplomat.
The son of Sir Ewen MacGregor Field Fergusson and Winifred Evelyn Fergusson, he was educated at Rugby and Oriel College, Oxford. He played rugby for Oxford University and for , gaining 5 caps. While at Oxford he was a member of The Bullingdon Club, a notorious dining club 'infamous for riotous behaviour', whose subsequent members included Boris Johnson and David Cameron.
After 2 years with the King's Royal Rifle Corps, he entered Her Majesty's Diplomatic Service in 1956.
He was British Ambassador to South Africa 1982-84, deputy under secretary of state at the Foreign and Commonwealth Office 1984-87 and British Ambassador to France 1987-92.
He was Chairman of Coutts from 1993–99, and of the Savoy Hotel Group 1994-98. He was Chairman of the governors of Rugby School from 1995–2002 and a trustee of the National Gallery from 1995-2002.
He is an honorary fellow of Oriel College, Oxford and holds an honorary LLD from Aberdeen University. He was appointed KCMG in 1987, GCVO in 1992, GCMG in 1993, and a Grand Officier of the Légion d'Honneur. He served as King of Arms of the Order of St Michael and St George from 1996 until 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="19468489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19468489" title="Martin Gotz">
Martin Gotz

Martin Gotz (born 26 February 1883) was an Australian rules footballer in the early 20th century who most notably played for Carlton in the Victorian Football League (VFL).
Gotz started his senior career at Port Melbourne Football Club in the Victorian Football Association (VFA) in 1902 before heading to Western Australia the following year to play for Perth Football Club. His form for Perth however was ordinary and the club cleared Gotz to East Fremantle Football Club. At East Fremantle however, Gotz became a leading player, playing on the half back flank in East Fremantle's 1904 premiership team. 
Gotz returned to Port Melbourne in 1905 before transferring to VFL club Carlton where he made his senior debut in 1906 but missed out on the club's inaugural VFL premiership when he was injured in the Semi Final. He did however participate in their 1907 and 1908 premierships, as well as the losing Grand Finals of 1909 and 1910.
In 1912 Gotz sought a clearance to fellow VFL club St Kilda and when it was refused he decided to stand out of football for the year. Gotz returned to Carlton in 1913, before returning to Port Melbourne as playing coach for 1914-15, the final years of VFA football before World War I. Gotz did not return to senior football after the war.
Although he didn't kick many goals in his career, he did manage to kick a bag of six against Richmond in 1909.
Altogether, in a career spanning fourteen years, three leagues and four teams, Gotz played 162 senior games and won three premierships.

</doc>
<doc id="19468493" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19468493" title="A. U. Fuimaono">
A. U. Fuimaono

A.U. Fuimaono (January 24, 1924 – September 9, 2008) was an American Samoan politician and Paramount Chief who served as American Samoa's first Delegate-at-Large to the United States House of Representatives from 1970 until 1974. Fuimaono also served as the Governor of Western District, American Samoa on the island of Tutuila from his appointment in 1993 until his death in 2008.
Early life.
A.U. Fuimaono was educated at the Marist Brothers Catholic School, Poyer School and Samoana High School. Fuimaono went on to obtain his teaching certification from Feleti Memorial Teachers Training School.
Fuimaono enlisted and served in the United States Navy for four years.
Career.
Early career.
Fuimaono was a full Samoan chief. Fuimaono helped to establish the first Political Status Commission, which was held in 1969.
Delegate to the United States House of Representatives.
Fuimaono arrived in Washington, D.C. in 1970 as American Samoa’s first Delegate to the United States House of Representatives.
While serving in the House, Fuimaono hired a young Eni Faleomavaega as an administrative assistant. The position was Faleomavaega's first job after graduating from law school. Faleomavaega, who is currently serving as the incumbent Delegate for American Samoa, later spoke of Fuimaono's influence on his career saying, "In fact, he was the first person who exposed me to Washington D.C. I would not be here as American Samoa’s congressional representative if it had not been for Fuimaono, who served as our first elected representative to Washington."
American Samoan government.
Fuimaono left Washington D.C. in 1974 and returned to American Samoa. He was elected to the American Samoa Senate from 1975 until 1978 in the 14th and 15th American Samoan Legislatures. During this tenure, Fuimaono also served as President of the Senate for 18 months.
Fuimaono left the Senate in 1978 to take a Cabinet position. He returned to the Senate following the end of his Cabinet position. He served again in the Senate from 1985 until 1992 during the 19th, 20th, 21st and 22nd American Samoan Legislatures. Ultimately, Fuimaono served in all three branches of the American Samoan government, including as a legal advisor on Samoan matters within the territorial Judiciary.
Governor of Western District.
Fuimaono was appointed governor of Western District, American Samoa in 1993. He served as Governor until his death in 2008. Fuimaono was unable to attend many public events in 2008 due to failing health.
Other roles.
Fuimaono also sat on the board of directors for a number of American Samoan committees and organizations throughout his career. He served as Chairman of the Congregational Christian Church of American Samoa. He also worked as chairman of the American Samoa Red Cross, Chairman of the Boy Scouts of America 
Samoa's Aloha Council and Chairman of Future Farmers of Samoa.
At one point, Fuimaono joined StarKist Tuna as the company's Director of Government and Industrial Relations in the private sector. StarKist Tuna has a large cannery and processing facilities in American Samoa.
Honors.
Fuimaono was awarded the Governor's Humanitarian Award in 2000. The award, which is sponsored by the Amerika Samoa Humanities Council was established in 1996 by former Governor A.P. Lutali. Fuimaono was given the honor for his role as a church, governmental and traditional Samoan leader.
Death.
A.U. Fuimaono died around 9 P.M. on September 9, 2008, at LBJ Tropical Medical Center in Faga'alu, American Samoa, at the age of 85. Fuimaono was survived by his children, including daughters, Lentoy, Renita, Agalei, Agalofa, son, Raul Fuimaono and grandchildren. His wife died in December 2000.
The American Samoa Senate observed a moment of silence in Fuimaono's honor during its session on September 10, 2008. Governor Togiola Tulafono ordered all American flags lowered to half-staff.
Tributes poured in from across American Samoa. American Samoa Governor Togiola Tulafono said that American Samoa had lost a great leader, "We will forever be grateful to his leadership, dedication and contribution. He will be greatly missed." Representative Eni Faleomavaega said that Fuimaono "was like a father to me."
Fuimaono's daughter, Lentoy Matagi, told Pacific Magazine that, "My father instilled in all of his children many values, including church, education, and Samoan culture, and we cherish all of those important values everyday of our lives."

</doc>
<doc id="19468507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19468507" title="Dick Tayler">
Dick Tayler

Richard ("Dick") Tayler, MNZM (born 12 August 1948) is a former New Zealand runner who mostly competed in distances from 1500m to 10000m.
Tayler was born in Timaru, New Zealand. He is best known for winning the 10,000 metres at the 1974 Commonwealth Games in Christchurch, New Zealand. In the race he won in a time of 27:46.4 minutes, beating Dave Black of England by 2 seconds.
Tayler competed at the 1970 and 1974 Commonwealth Games, as well as the 1972 Summer Olympics.
He finished 12th at the 1st IAAF World Cross Country Championships in Waregem, Belgium, 1973.
Arthritis cut short Tayler's running career.
Tayler currently resides in Christchurch.

</doc>
<doc id="19468508" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19468508" title="Memorandum of Understanding on the Conservation and Management of Marine Turtles and their Habitats of the Indian Ocean and South-East Asia">
Memorandum of Understanding on the Conservation and Management of Marine Turtles and their Habitats of the Indian Ocean and South-East Asia

The Memorandum of Understanding on the Conservation and Management of Marine Turtles and their Habitats of the Indian Ocean and South-East Asia is an intergovernmental agreement that aims to protect, conserve, replenish and recover sea turtles and their habitats in the Indian Ocean and South-East Asian region, working in partnership with other relevant actors and organizations.
Major threats to marine turtles include unsustainable exploitation, destruction of nesting and feeding habitats, and incidental mortality in fishing operations. The Conservation and Management Plan—containing 24 programs and 105 specific activities—focuses on reducing threats, conserving critical habitat, exchanging scientific data, increasing public awareness and participation, promoting regional cooperation, and seeking resources for implementation.
The MoU was concluded in Bonn, Germany on 23 June 2001 and came into effect on 1 September 2001. The intent is that it will remain open for signature indefinitely.
Territory of the Memorandum.
Waters and coastal States of the Indian Ocean and South-East Asia and adjacent seas, extending eastwards to the Torres Strait. For implementation purposes, the area is divided into four sub-regions: South-East Asia + neighbours, Northern Indian Ocean, Northwestern Indian Ocean, and Western Indian Ocean. States, located on the territory of the Agreement, are the following: Australia, Bahrain, Bangladesh, Brunei Darussalam, Cambodia, China, Comores, Djibouti, Egypt, Eritrea, France, India, Indonesia, Islamic Republic of Iran, Japan, Jordan, Kenya, Kuwait, Madagascar, Malaysia, Maldives, Mauritius, Mozambique, Myanmar, Oman, Pakistan, Papua New Guinea, Philippines, Qatar, Republic of Korea, Saudi Arabia, Seychelles, Singapore, Somalia, South Africa, Sri Lanka, Sudan, Thailand, Timor Leste, United Arab Emirates, United Republic of Tanzania, United Kingdom, Vietnam, Yemen. The United States of America also participated in the Memorandum of Understanding.
Signatories of the Memorandum.
As of May 2013, 33 states have signed the memorandum. The list of the countries is found below with the dates of the signature in the parentheses:
Species, protected by the Memorandum.
The list of turtle species, currently protected by the Memorandum, is the following

</doc>
<doc id="19468510" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19468510" title="United States House of Representatives">
United States House of Representatives

The United States House of Representatives is one of the two houses of the United States Congress (a bicameral legislature). It is frequently referred to as the House. The other house is the Senate. 
The composition and powers of the House are established in Article One of the United States Constitution. The major power of the House is to pass federal legislation that affects the entire country, although its must also be passed by the Senate and further agreed to by the U.S. President before becoming law (unless both the House and Senate re-pass the legislation with a two-thirds majority in each chamber). The House has some exclusive powers: the power to initiate revenue bills, to impeach officials (impeached officials are subsequently tried in the Senate), and to elect the U.S. President in case there is no majority in the Electoral College.
Each U.S. state is represented in the House in proportion to its population as measured in the census, but every state is entitled to at least one representative. The most populous state, California, currently has 53 representatives. On the other end of the spectrum, there are seven states with only one representative each (Alaska, Delaware, Montana, North Dakota, South Dakota, Vermont, and Wyoming). The total number of voting representatives is fixed by law at 435. Each representative serves for a two-year term. The Speaker of the United States House of Representatives, who presides over the chamber, is elected by the members of the House, and is therefore traditionally the leader of the House Democratic Caucus or the House Republican Conference, whichever party has more voting members.
The House meets in the south wing of the United States Capitol.
History.
Under the Articles of Confederation, Congress was a unicameral body in which each state held one vote. After eight years of a more limited federal government under the Articles, numerous political leaders, such as James Madison and Alexander Hamilton, initiated the Constitutional Convention in 1787, which received the Confederation Congress's permission to "amend the Articles of Confederation". All states except Rhode Island agreed to send delegates.
The issue of how Congress was to be structured was one of the most divisive among the founders during the Convention. Edmund Randolph's Virginia Plan called for a bicameral Congress: the lower house would be "of the people", elected directly by the people of the United States and representing public opinion, and a more deliberative upper house that would represent the individual states, and would be less susceptible to variations of mass sentiment, would be elected by the lower house.
The House is referred to as the lower house, with the Senate being the upper house, although the United States Constitution does not use that terminology. Both houses' approval is necessary for the passage of legislation. The Virginia Plan drew the support of delegates from large states such as Virginia, Massachusetts, and Pennsylvania, as it called for representation based on population. The smaller states, however, favored the New Jersey Plan, which called for a unicameral Congress with equal representation for the states.
Eventually, the Convention reached the Connecticut Compromise, or the Great Compromise, under which one house of Congress (the House of Representatives) would provide representation proportional to each state's population, whereas the other (the Senate) would provide equal representation amongst the states. The Constitution was ratified by the requisite number of states (nine out of the 13) in 1788, but its implementation was set for March 4, 1789. The House began work on April 1, 1789, when it achieved a quorum for the first time.
During the first half of the 19th century, the House was frequently in conflict with the Senate over regionally divisive issues, including slavery. The North was much more populous than the South, and therefore dominated the House of Representatives. However, the North held no such advantage in the Senate, where the equal representation of states prevailed.
Regional conflict was most pronounced over the issue of slavery. One example of a provision repeatedly supported by the House but blocked by the Senate was the Wilmot Proviso, which sought to ban slavery in the land gained during the Mexican-American War. Conflict over slavery and other issues persisted until the Civil War (1861–1865), which began soon after several southern states attempted to secede from the Union. The war culminated in the South's defeat and in the abolition of slavery. Because all southern senators except Andrew Johnson resigned their seats at the beginning of the war, the Senate did not have the balance of power between North and South during the war.
The years of Reconstruction that followed witnessed large majorities for the Republican Party, which many Americans associated with the Union's victory in the Civil War and the ending of slavery. The Reconstruction period ended in about 1877; the ensuing era, known as the Gilded Age, was marked by sharp political divisions in the electorate. The Democratic and the Republican Party held majorities in the House at various times.
The late 19th and early 20th centuries also saw a dramatic increase in the power of the Speaker of the House. The rise of the Speaker's influence began in the 1890s, during tenure of Republican Thomas Brackett Reed. "Czar Reed", as he was nicknamed, attempted to put into effect his view that "The best system is to have one party govern and the other party watch." The leadership structure of the House also developed during approximately the same period, with the positions of Majority Leader and Minority Leader being created in 1899. While the Minority Leader was the head of the minority party, the Majority Leader remained subordinate to the Speaker. The Speakership reached its zenith during the term of Republican Joseph Gurney Cannon, 1903 to 1911. The powers of the Speaker included chairmanship of the influential Rules Committee and the ability to appoint members of other House committees. These powers, however, were curtailed in the "Revolution of 1910" because of the efforts of Democrats and dissatisfied Republicans who opposed Cannon's arguably heavy-handed tactics.
The Democratic Party dominated the House of Representatives during the administration of President Franklin D. Roosevelt (1933–1945), often winning over two-thirds of the seats. Both Democrats and Republicans were in power at various times during the next decade. The Democratic Party maintained control of the House from 1955 until 1995. In the mid-1970s, there were major reforms of the House, strengthening the power of sub-committees at the expense of committee chairs and allowing party leaders to nominate committee chairs. These actions were taken to undermine the seniority system, and to reduce the ability of a small number of senior members to obstruct legislation they did not favor. There was also a shift from the 1970s to greater control of the legislative program by the majority party; the power of party leaders (especially the Speaker) grew considerably.
The Republicans took control of the House in 1995, under the leadership of Speaker Newt Gingrich. Gingrich attempted to pass a major legislative program, the Contract with America on which the House Republicans had been elected, and made major reforms of the House, notably reducing the tenure of committee chairs to three two-year terms. Many elements of the Contract did not pass Congress, were vetoed by President Bill Clinton, or were substantially altered in negotiations with Clinton. The Republicans held on to the House until 2007, when the Democrats won control and Nancy Pelosi was subsequently elected by the House as the first female Speaker. The Republicans retook the House in 2011, the largest shift of power since the 1930s.
Membership, qualifications and apportionment.
Apportionment.
Under Article I, Section 2 of the Constitution, seats in the House of Representatives are apportioned among the states by population, as determined by the census conducted every ten years. Each state, however, is entitled to at least one Representative.
The only constitutional rule relating to the size of the House states: "The Number of Representatives shall not exceed one for every thirty Thousand." Congress regularly increased the size of the House to account for population growth until it fixed the number of voting House members at 435 in 1911. The number was temporarily increased to 437 in 1959 upon the admission of Alaska and Hawaii (seating one representative from each of those states without changing existing apportionment), and returned to 435 four years later, after the reapportionment consequentially to the 1960 census.
The Constitution does not provide for the representation of the District of Columbia or of territories. The District of Columbia and the territories of American Samoa, Guam, the Northern Mariana Islands, and the U.S. Virgin Islands are represented by one non-voting delegate each. Puerto Rico elects a Resident Commissioner, but other than having a four-year term, the Resident Commissioner's role is identical to the delegates from the other territories. The five Delegates and Resident Commissioner may participate in debates; prior to 2011, they were also allowed to vote in committees and the Committee of the Whole when their votes would not be decisive.
Redistricting.
States that are entitled to more than one Representative are divided into single-member districts. This has been a federal statutory requirement since 1967. Prior to that law, general ticket representation was used by some states.
States typically redraw district boundaries after each census, though they may do so at other times, such as the 2003 Texas redistricting. Each state determines its own district boundaries, either through legislation or through non-partisan panels. "Malapportionment" is unconstitutional and districts must be approximately equal in population (see "Wesberry v. Sanders"). Federal courts have allowed state legislatures to redistrict as they please, allowing various forms of gerrymandering as long as the district is contiguous and of appropriate population size, though section 5 of the Voting Rights Act makes illegal redistricting with the perceived purpose or proven effect of discriminating based on race or color.
Qualifications.
Article I, Section 2 of the Constitution sets three qualifications for representatives. Each representative must: (1) be at least twenty-five years old; (2) have been a citizen of the United States for the past seven years; and (3) be (at the time of the election) an inhabitant of the state they represent. Members are not required to live in the district they represent, but they traditionally do. The age and citizenship qualifications for representatives are less than those for senators. The constitutional requirements of Article I, Section 2 for election to Congress are the maximum requirements that can be imposed on a candidate. Therefore, Article I, Section 5, which permits each House to be the judge of the qualifications of its own members does not permit either House to establish additional qualifications. Likewise a State could not establish additional qualifications.
Disqualification: under the Fourteenth Amendment, a federal or state officer who takes the requisite oath to support the Constitution, but later engages in rebellion or aids the enemies of the United States, is disqualified from becoming a representative. This post-Civil War provision was intended to prevent those who sided with the Confederacy from serving. However, disqualified individuals may serve if they gain the consent of two-thirds of both houses of Congress.
Elections.
Elections for representatives are held in every even-numbered year, on Election Day the first Tuesday after the first Monday in November. By law, Representatives must be elected from single-member districts by plurality voting. After a census is taken (in a year ending in 0), the year ending in 2 is the first year in which elections for U.S. House districts are based on that census (with the Congress based on those districts starting its term on the following Jan. 3).
In most states, major party candidates for each district are nominated in partisan primary elections, typically held in spring to late summer. In some states, the Republican and Democratic parties choose their respective candidates for each district in their political conventions in spring or early summer, which often use unanimous voice votes to reflect either confidence in the incumbent or the result of bargaining in earlier private discussions. Exceptions can result in so-called floor fight—convention votes by delegates, with outcomes that can be hard to predict. Especially if a convention is closely divided, a losing candidate may contend further by meeting the conditions for a primary election.
The courts generally do not consider ballot access rules for independent and third party candidates to be additional qualifications for holding office and there are no federal regulations regarding ballot access. As a result, the process to gain ballot access varies greatly from state to state, and, in the case of a third party may be affected by results of previous years' elections.
In 1967, Federal law was changed to require that representatives be elected from single-member-districts, due to fear that, as a consequence of the recent Wesberry v. Sanders decision, courts would impose at-large plurality districts on states that did not redistrict to comply with the new mandates for districts roughly equal in population, and also to prevent attempts by southern states to use such voting systems to dilute the vote of racial minorities.
Louisiana is unique in that it holds an all-party "primary election" on the general Election Day with a subsequent runoff election between the top two finishers (regardless of party) if no candidate received a majority in the primary. The states of Washington and California now use a similar (though not identical) system to that used by Louisiana. Seats vacated during a term are filled through special elections, unless the vacancy occurs closer to the next general election date than a pre-established deadline. The term of a member chosen in a special election usually begins the next day, or as soon as the results are certified.
Terms.
Representatives and Delegates serve for two-year terms, while the Resident Commissioner serves for four years. The Constitution permits the House to expel a member with a two-thirds vote. In the history of the United States, only five members have been expelled from the House; in 1861, three were removed for supporting the Confederate states' secession: John Bullock Clark (D-MO), John William Reid (D-MO), and Henry Cornelius Burnett (D-KY). Michael Myers (D-PA) was expelled after his criminal conviction for accepting bribes in 1980, and James Traficant (D-OH) was expelled in 2002 following his conviction for corruption. The House also has the power to formally censure or reprimand its members; censure or reprimand of a member requires only a simple majority, and does not remove that member from office.
Comparison to the Senate.
As a check on the regional, popular, and rapidly changing politics of the House, the Senate has several distinct powers. For example, the "advice and consent" powers (such as the power to approve treaties) are a sole Senate privilege. The House, however, has the exclusive power to initiate bills for raising revenue, to impeach officials, and to choose the President in the event of an Electoral College deadlock. The Senate and House are further differentiated by term lengths and the number of districts represented: the Senate has longer terms of six years, fewer members (currently one hundred, two for each state), and (in all but seven delegations) larger constituencies per member. The Senate is informally referred to as the "upper" house, and the House of Representatives as the "lower" house.
Salary and benefits.
Salaries.
, the annual salary of each Representative is $174,000. The Speaker of the House and the Majority and Minority Leaders earn more: $223,500 for the Speaker and $193,400 for their party leaders (the same as Senate leaders). A cost-of-living-adjustment (COLA) increase takes effect annually unless Congress votes to not accept it. Congress sets members' salaries; however, the Twenty-seventh Amendment to the United States Constitution prohibits a change in salary (but not COLA) from taking effect until after the next election of the whole House. Representatives are eligible for retirement benefits after serving for five years. Outside pay is limited to 15% of congressional pay, and certain types of income involving a fiduciary responsibility or personal endorsement are prohibited.
Titles.
Representatives use the prefix "The Honorable" before their names. A member of the House is referred to as a "Representative", "Congressman", or "Congresswoman". While Senators are technically "Congressmen/Congresswomen", the two terms are generally used exclusively by Members of the House of Representatives.
Pension.
All members of Congress are automatically (without the option of withdrawal) enrolled in the Federal Employees' Retirement System, a pension system for civil servants. They become eligible to receive benefits after five years of service (three terms in the House). The FERS is composed of three elements:
Members of Congress may retire with full benefits at age 62 after five years of service, at age 50 after twenty years of service, and at any age after twenty-five years of service. They may retire with reduced benefits at ages 55 to 59 after five years of service, and age 50 after 20 years of service. Depending on birth year, they may receive a reduced pension after ten years of service if they are between 55 years and 57 years of age.
Tax deductions.
Members of Congress are permitted to deduct up to $3,000 of living expenses per year incurred while living away from their district or home state.
Health and life insurance.
Members of Congress are eligible to participate in the Federal Employees Health Benefits Program and the Federal Employees Life Insurance Program.
Personnel, mail and office expenses.
House members are eligible for a Member's Representational Allowance (MRA) to support them in their official and representational duties to their district. The MRA is calculated based on three components: one for personnel, one for official office expenses and one for official or franked mail. The personnel allowance is the same for all members; the office and mail allowances vary based on the members' district's distance from Washington, D.C., the cost of office space in the member's district, and the number of non-business addresses in their district. These three components are used to calculate a single MRA which can be used to fund any expense - even though each component is calculated individually, the franking allowance can be used to pay for personnel expenses if the member so chooses. In 2011 this allowance averaged $1.4 million per member, and ranged from $1.35 to $1.67 million.
The Personnel allowance was $944,671 per member in 2010. Each member may employ no more than 18 permanent employees. Members' employees' salary is capped at $168,411 as of 2009.
Travel allowance.
Each member and one staffer can be paid for one round trip between their home in their congressional district and Washington, D.C. for organization caucuses.
Officers.
Member officials.
The party with a majority of seats in the House is known as the majority party. The next-largest party is the minority party. The Speaker, committee chairs, and some other officials are generally from the majority party; they have counterparts (for instance, the "ranking members" of committees) in the minority party.
The Constitution provides that the House may choose its own Speaker. Although not explicitly required by the Constitution, every Speaker has been a member of the House. The Constitution does not specify the duties and powers of the Speaker, which are instead regulated by the rules and customs of the House. Speakers have a role both as a leader of the House and the leader of their party (which need not be the majority party; theoretically, a member of the minority party could be elected as Speaker with the support of a fraction of members of the majority party). Under the Presidential Succession Act (1947), the Speaker is second in the line of presidential succession behind the Vice President.
The Speaker is the presiding officer of the House but does not preside over every debate. Instead, he or she delegates the responsibility of presiding to other members in most cases. The presiding officer sits in a chair in the front of the House chamber. The powers of the presiding officer are extensive; one important power is that of controlling the order in which members of the House speak. No member may make a speech or a motion unless he or she has first been recognized by the presiding officer. Moreover, the presiding officer may rule on a "point of order" (a member's objection that a rule has been breached); the decision is subject to appeal to the whole House.
Speakers serve as chairs of their party's steering committee, which is responsible for assigning party members to other House committees. The Speaker chooses the chairs of standing committees, appoints most of the members of the Rules Committee, appoints all members of conference committees, and determines which committees consider bills.
Each party elects a floor leader, who is known as the Majority Leader or Minority Leader. The Minority Leader heads his or her party in the House, and the Majority Leader is his or her party's second-highest-ranking official, behind the Speaker. Party leaders decide what legislation members of their party should either support or oppose.
Each party also elects a whip, who works to ensure that the party's members vote as the party leadership desires. The current majority whip in the House of Representatives is Kevin McCarthy, who is a member of the Republican Party. The current minority whip is Steny Hoyer, who is a member of the Democratic Party. The whip is supported by chief deputy whips.
In the 112th Congress, the Democratic Party has an additional Assistant Minority Leader, Jim Clyburn, who ranks between the whips and the caucus/conference chair.
After the whips, the next ranking official in the House party's leadership is the Party Conference Chair (styled as the Republican Conference Chair and Democratic Caucus Chair).
After the Conference Chair, there are differences between each party's subsequent leadership ranks. After the Democratic Caucus Chair is the Campaign Committee Chair (Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee), then the co-chairs of the Steering Committee. For the Republicans it is the Chair of the House Republican Policy Committee, followed by the Campaign Committee Chairman (styled as the National Republican Congressional Committee).
The chairs of House committees, particularly influential standing committees such as Appropriations, Ways and Means, and Rules, are powerful but not officially part of House leadership hierarchy. Until the post of Majority Leader was created, the Chair of Ways and Means was the "de facto" majority leader.
Leadership and partisanship.
Representatives are generally less independent of party leaders than senators, and usually vote as the leadership directs. Incentives to cooperate include the leadership's power to select committee chairs, determine committee assignments, and provide re-election support in the primary and general elections. As a result, the leadership plays a much greater role in the House than in the Senate, an example of why the atmosphere of the House is regarded by many as more partisan.
When the Presidency and Senate are controlled by a different party from the one controlling the House, the Speaker can become the "de facto" "leader of the opposition". Some notable examples include Tip O'Neill in the 1980s, Newt Gingrich in the 1990s, and John Boehner in the 2010s. Since the Speaker is a partisan officer with substantial power to control the business of the House, the position is often used for partisan advantage.
In the instance when the Presidency and both Houses of Congress are controlled by one party, the Speaker normally takes a low profile and defers to the President. For that situation the House Minority Leader can play the role of a "de facto" "leader of the opposition", often more so than the Senate Minority Leader, due to the more partisan nature of the House and the greater role of leadership.
Non-member officials.
The House is also served by several officials who are not members. The House's chief officer is the Clerk, who maintains public records, prepares documents, and oversees junior officials, including pages. The Clerk also presides over the House at the beginning of each new Congress pending the election of a Speaker. Another officer is the Chief Administrative Officer, responsible for the day-to-day administrative support to the House of Representatives. This includes everything from payroll to foodservice.
The position of Chief Administrative Officer (CAO) was created by the 104th Congress following the 1994 mid-term elections, replacing the positions of Doorkeeper and Director of Non-Legislative and Financial Services (created by the previous congress to administer the non-partisan functions of the House). The CAO also assumed some of the responsibilities of the House Information Services, which previously had been controlled directly by the Committee on House Administration, then headed by Representative Charlie Rose of North Carolina, along with the House "Folding Room".
The Chaplain leads the House in prayer at the opening of the day. There is also a Sergeant at Arms, who as the House's chief law enforcement officer maintains order and security on House premises. Finally, routine police work is handled by the United States Capitol Police, which is supervised by the Capitol Police Board, a body to which the Sergeant at Arms belongs.
Procedure.
Daily procedures.
Like the Senate, the House of Representatives meets in the United States Capitol in Washington, D.C. At one end of the chamber of the House is a rostrum from which the Speaker presides. The lower tier of the rostrum is used by clerks and other officials. Members' seats are arranged in the chamber in a semicircular pattern and are divided by a wide central aisle. By tradition, Democrats sit on the right of the center aisle, while Republicans sit on the left, as viewed from the presiding officer's chair. Sittings are normally held on weekdays; meetings on Saturdays and Sundays are rare. Sittings of the House are generally open to the public; visitors must obtain a House Gallery pass from a congressional office. Sittings are broadcast live on television and streamed online by C-SPAN.
The procedure of the House depends not only on the rules, but also on a variety of customs, precedents, and traditions. In many cases, the House waives some of its stricter rules (including time limits on debates) by unanimous consent. A member may block a unanimous consent agreement; in practice, objections are rare. The presiding officer enforces the rules of the House, and may warn members who deviate from them. The presiding officer uses a gavel to maintain order. The box in which legislation is placed to be considered by the House is called the hopper.
In one of its first resolutions, the U.S. House of Representatives established the Office of the Sergeant at Arms. In an American tradition adopted from English custom in 1789 by the first Speaker of the House, Frederick Muhlenberg of Pennsylvania, the House of Representatives mace is used to open all sessions of the House. It is also used during the inaugural ceremonies for all Presidents of the United States. For daily sessions of the House, the sergeant at Arms carries the mace in front of the Speaker in procession to the rostrum. It is placed on a green marble pedestal to the Speaker's right. When the House is in committee, the mace is moved to a pedestal next to the desk of the Sergeant at Arms.
The Constitution provides that a majority of the House constitutes a quorum to do business. Under the rules and customs of the House, a quorum is always assumed present unless a quorum call explicitly demonstrates otherwise. House rules prevent a member from making a point of order that a quorum is not present unless a question is being voted upon; the presiding officer will not accept a point of order of no quorum during general debate or when a question is not before the House.
During debates, a member may speak only if called upon by the presiding officer. The presiding officer decides which members to recognize, and can therefore control the course of debate. All speeches must be addressed to the presiding officer, using the words "Mr. Speaker" or "Madam Speaker". Only the presiding officer may be directly addressed in speeches; other members must be referred to in the third person. In most cases, members do not refer to each other by name, but by state, using forms such as "the gentleman from Virginia", "the distinguished gentlewoman from California", or "my distinguished friend from Alabama". Unlike the practice in the Parliament of the United Kingdom, members refer to each other as friends regardless of whether they are members of the same party.
There are 448 permanent seats on the House Floor and four tables, two on each side. These tables are occupied by members of the committee that have brought a bill to the floor for consideration and by the respective party leadership. Members address the House from microphones at any table or "the well," the area immediately in front of the rostrum.
Passage of legislation.
Per the constitution, the House determines the rules according to which it passes legislation. The rules are in principle open to change with each new Congress, but in practice each new session amends a standing set of rules built up over the history of the body in an early resolution published for public inspection. Before legislation reaches the floor of the House, the Rules Committee normally passes a rule to govern debate on that measure. For instance, the committee determines if amendments to the bill are permitted. An "open rule" permits all germane amendments, but a "closed rule" restricts or even prohibits amendment. Debate on a bill is generally restricted to one hour, equally divided between the majority and minority parties. Each side is led during the debate by a "floor manager", who allocates debate time to members who wish to speak. On contentious matters, many members may wish to speak; thus, a member may receive as little as one minute, or even thirty seconds, to make his/her point.
When debate concludes, the motion in question is put to a vote. In many cases, the House votes by voice vote; the presiding officer puts the question, and members respond either "yea" (in favor of the motion) or "nay" (against the motion). The presiding officer then announces the result of the voice vote. A member may however challenge the presiding officer's assessment and "request the yeas and nays" or "request a recorded vote". The request may be granted only if it is seconded by one-fifth of the members present. In practice, however, members of congress second requests for recorded votes as a matter of courtesy. Some votes are always recorded, such as those on the annual budget.
A recorded vote may be taken in one of three different ways. One is electronically. Members use a personal identification card to record their votes at 46 voting stations in the chamber. Votes are usually held in this way. A second mode of recorded vote is by teller. Members hand in colored cards to indicate their votes: green for "yea", red for "nay", and orange for "present" (i.e., to abstain). Teller votes are normally held only when electronic voting breaks down. Finally, the House may conduct a roll call vote. The Clerk reads the list of members of the House, each of whom announces their vote when their name is called. This procedure is only used rarely (such as for the election of a Speaker) because of the time consumed by calling over four hundred names.
Voting traditionally lasts for fifteen minutes, but it may be extended if the leadership needs to "whip" more members into alignment. The 2003 vote on the prescription drug benefit was open for three hours, from 3:00 to 6:00 a.m., to receive four additional votes, three of which were necessary to pass the legislation. The 2005 vote on the Central American Free Trade Agreement was open for one hour, from 11:00 p.m. to midnight. An October 2005 vote on facilitating refinery construction was kept open for forty minutes.
Presiding officers may vote like other members. They may not, however, vote twice in the event of a tie; rather, a tie vote defeats the motion.
Committees.
The House uses committees and their subcommittees for a variety of purposes, including the review of bills and the oversight of the executive branch. The appointment of committee members is formally made by the whole House, but the choice of members is actually made by the political parties. Generally, each party honors the preferences of individual members, giving priority on the basis of seniority. Historically, membership on committees has been in rough proportion to the party's strength in the House as a whole, with two exceptions: on the Rules Committee, the majority party fills nine of the thirteen seats; and on the Ethics Committee, each party has an equal number of seats. However, when party control in the House is closely divided, extra seats on committees are sometimes allocated to the majority party. In the 109th Congress, for example, the Republicans controlled about 53% of the House as a whole, but had 54% of the Appropriations Committee members, 55% of the members on the Energy and Commerce Committee, 58% of the members on the Judiciary Committee, and 69% of the members on the Rules Committee.
The largest committee of the House is the Committee of the Whole, which, as its name suggests, consists of all members of the House. The Committee meets in the House chamber; it may consider and amend bills, but may not grant them final passage. Generally, the debate procedures of the Committee of the Whole are more flexible than those of the House itself. One advantage of the Committee of the Whole is its ability to include otherwise non-voting members of Congress.
Most committee work is performed by twenty standing committees, each of which has jurisdiction over a specific set of issues, such as Agriculture or Foreign Affairs. Each standing committee considers, amends, and reports bills that fall under its jurisdiction. Committees have extensive powers with regard to bills; they may block legislation from reaching the floor of the House. Standing committees also oversee the departments and agencies of the executive branch. In discharging their duties, standing committees have the power to hold hearings and to subpoena witnesses and evidence.
The House also has one permanent committee that is not a standing committee, the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence, and from time to time may establish committees that are temporary and advisory in nature, such as the Select Committee on Energy Independence and Global Warming. This latter committee, created in the 110th Congress and reauthorized for the 111th, has no jurisdiction over legislation and must be chartered anew at the start of every Congress. The House also appoints members to serve on joint committees, which include members of the Senate and House. Some joint committees oversee independent government bodies; for instance, the Joint Committee on the Library oversees the Library of Congress. Other joint committees serve to make advisory reports; for example, there exists a Joint Committee on Taxation. Bills and nominees are not referred to joint committees. Hence, the power of joint committees is considerably lower than those of standing committees.
Each House committee and subcommittee is led by a chairman (always a member of the majority party). From 1910 to the 1970s, committee chairs were powerful. Woodrow Wilson in his classic study, suggested:Power is nowhere concentrated; it is rather deliberately and of set policy scattered amongst many small chiefs. It is divided up, as it were, into forty-seven seigniories, in each of which a Standing Committee is the court-baron and its chairman lord-proprietor. These petty barons, some of them not a little powerful, but none of them within the reach of the full powers of rule, may at will exercise almost despotic sway within their own shires, and may sometimes threaten to convulse even the realm itself.
From 1910 to 1975 committee and subcommittee chairmanship was determined purely by seniority; congressmembers sometimes had to wait 30 years to get one, but their chairship was independent of party leadership. The rules were changed in 1975 to permit party caucuses to elect chairs, shifting power upward to the party leaders. In 1995, Republicans under Newt Gingrich set a limit of three two-year terms for committee chairs. The chair's powers are extensive; they control the committee/subcommittee agenda, and may prevent the committee from dealing with a bill. The senior member of the minority party is known as the Ranking Member. In some committees like Appropriations, partisan disputes are few.
Legislative functions.
Most bills may be introduced in either House of Congress. However, the Constitution provides that "All bills for raising Revenue shall originate in the House of Representatives". As a result of the Origination Clause, the Senate cannot initiate bills imposing taxes. This provision barring the Senate from introducing revenue bills is based on the practice of the British Parliament, in which only the House of Commons may originate such measures. Furthermore, Congressional tradition holds that the House of Representatives originates appropriation bills.
Although it cannot originate revenue bills, the Senate retains the power to amend or reject them. Woodrow Wilson wrote the following about appropriations bills: 
he constitutional prerogative of the House has been held to apply to all the general appropriations bills, and the Senate's right to amend these has been allowed the widest possible scope. The upper house may add to them what it pleases; may go altogether outside of their original provisions and tack to them entirely new features of legislation, altering not only the amounts but even the objects of expenditure, and making out of the materials sent them by the popular chamber measures of an almost totally new character.
The approval of the Senate and the House of Representatives is required for a bill to become law. Both Houses must pass the same version of the bill; if there are differences, they may be resolved by a conference committee, which includes members of both bodies. For the stages through which bills pass in the Senate, see Act of Congress.
The President may veto a bill passed by the House and Senate. If he does, the bill does not become law unless a two-thirds supermajority in each chamber votes to override the veto.
Checks and balances.
The Constitution provides that the Senate's "advice and consent" is necessary for the President to make appointments and to ratify treaties. Thus, with its potential to frustrate Presidential appointments, the Senate is more powerful than the House.
The Constitution empowers the House of Representatives to impeach federal officials for "Treason, Bribery, or other high Crimes and Misdemeanors" and empowers the Senate to try such impeachments. The House may approve "articles of impeachment" by a simple majority vote; however, a two-thirds vote is required for conviction in the Senate. A convicted official is automatically removed from office; in addition, the Senate may stipulate that the defendant be banned from holding future office. No further punishment is permitted during the impeachment proceedings; however, the party may face criminal penalties in a normal court of law.
In the history of the United States, the House of Representatives has impeached sixteen officials, of whom seven were convicted. (Another, Richard Nixon, resigned after the House Judiciary Committee passed articles of impeachment but before a formal impeachment vote by the full House.) Only two Presidents of the United States have ever been impeached: Andrew Johnson in 1868 and Bill Clinton in 1998. Both trials ended in acquittal; in Johnson's case, the Senate fell one vote short of the two-thirds majority required for conviction.
Under the Twelfth Amendment, the House has the power to elect the President if no presidential candidate receives a majority of votes in the Electoral College. The Twelfth Amendment requires the House to choose from the three candidates with the highest numbers of electoral votes. The Constitution provides that "the votes shall be taken by states, the representation from each state having one vote." Electoral College deadlocks are rare; in the history of the United States, the House has only had to break a deadlock twice. In 1800, it elected Thomas Jefferson over Aaron Burr; in 1824, it elected John Quincy Adams over Andrew Jackson and William H. Crawford. The Senate elects the Vice President if the Electoral College deadlocks.
See also.
There are also individual Houses of Representatives for most states in the US, sometimes called by a different name; see List of United States state legislatures.
113th Congress.
The 113th United States Congress will run from January 3, 2013 to January 3, 2015.

</doc>
<doc id="19468522" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19468522" title="List of prizes, medals, and awards in Sri Lanka">
List of prizes, medals, and awards in Sri Lanka

This is a list of prizes, medals and awards including cups, trophies, bowls, badges, state decorations etc., awarded in Sri Lanka.
Business and management.
Achiever of Industrial Excellence Award - Ceylon National Chamber of Industries

</doc>
<doc id="19468532" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19468532" title="House of Representatives">
House of Representatives

House of Representatives is the name of legislative bodies in many countries and sub-national states. In many countries, the House of Representatives is the lower house of a bicameral legislature, with the corresponding upper house often called a "Senate". In some countries, the House of Representatives is the sole chamber of a unicameral legislature. 
The functioning of a house of representatives can vary greatly from country to country, and depends on whether a country has a parliamentary or a presidential system. Members of a House of Representatives are typically apportioned according to population rather than geography. 
National legislatures.
The Indonesian People's Representative Council ("Dewan Perwakilan Rakyat", DPR) is generally known in English as the "House of Representatives", as is the "Dewan Rakyat" of the Parliament of Malaysia and the Dáil Éireann of the Irish Oireachtas parliament. In the 2012 draft for a new Constitution of Egypt, the People's Assembly is called "House of Representatives".
"The House of Representatives" currently is the name of a house of the legislature in the following countries:
In the following countries it is the sole chamber in a unicameral system:
Subnational legislatures.
"House of Representatives" is the title of most, but not all, of the lower houses of US state legislatures, with the exceptions usually called "State Assembly", "General Assembly", or more rarely, "House of Delegates."
In Germany, the "Landtag" parliament of the city and state of Berlin (previously of West Berlin), the "Abgeordnetenhaus" is known in English as the House of Representatives.
In Tanzania, the semi-autonomous islands of Zanzibar has its own legislative body, the Zanzibar House of Representatives.
Defunct Houses of Representatives.
From 1867 until 1918, in Cisleithania, the Austrian part of the Austro-Hungarian monarchy, the lower house of the Imperial Council ("Reichsrat") parliament, the "Abgeordnetenhaus" was generally known in English as "House of Representatives". Since 1855 the lower house in the "Landtag" assembly of Prussia was called "Abgeordnetenhaus", as distinct from the upper House of Lords.
In 1934, the Nebraska voters approved a unicameral legislature dissolving the House of Representatives and granting its powers to the Senate.
The Kenyan House of Representatives was combined with the Senate in 1966, to form an enlarged single chamber parliament, known as the National Assembly. The Senate was re-established as an upper house following the 2010 Kenyan constitutional referendum.
The House of Representatives of Ceylon (now Sri Lanka) was the lower chamber of the parliament established in 1947 according to the Soulbury Constitution. The 1972 First Republican Constitution of Sri Lanka replaced it with the unicameral National State Assembly.
Following the surrender of South Vietnam to North Vietnamese and Viet Cong forces in 1975, a Provisional Revolutionary Government established itself in Saigon and disbanded the bicameral National Assembly consisting of the Senate and the House of Representatives. 
Under apartheid, the House of Representatives was the house for South Africa's mixed race 'Coloured' community, in the Tricameral Parliament of 1984 to 1994.
In 1994 the House of Representatives legislature of The Gambia was dissolved in a coup d'état led by Yahya Jammeh. It was replaced by the National Assembly according to the 1997 Constitution of The Gambia.

</doc>
