<doc id="19638032" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19638032" title="Mars (mythology)">
Mars (mythology)

In ancient Roman religion and myth, Mars () was the god of war and also an agricultural guardian, a combination characteristic of early Rome. He was second in importance only to Jupiter and Neptune and he was the most prominent of the military gods in the religion of the Roman army. Most of his festivals were held in March, the month named for him (Latin "Martius"), and in October, which began and ended the season for military campaigning and farming.
Under the influence of Greek culture, Mars was identified with the Greek god Ares, whose myths were reinterpreted in Roman literature and art under the name of Mars. But the character and dignity of Mars differed in fundamental ways from that of his Greek counterpart, who is often treated with contempt and revulsion in Greek literature. Mars was a part of the Archaic Triad along with Jupiter and Quirinus, the latter of whom as a guardian of the Roman people had no Greek equivalent. Mars' altar in the Campus Martius, the area of Rome that took its name from him, was supposed to have been dedicated by Numa, the peace-loving semi-legendary second king of Rome. Although the center of Mars' worship was originally located outside the sacred boundary of Rome "(pomerium)", Augustus made the god a renewed focus of Roman religion by establishing the Temple of Mars Ultor in his new forum.
Although Ares was viewed primarily as a destructive and destabilizing force, Mars represented military power as a way to secure peace, and was a father "(pater)" of the Roman people. In the mythic genealogy and founding myths of Rome, Mars was the father of Romulus and Remus with Rhea Silvia. His love affair with Venus symbolically reconciled the two different traditions of Rome's founding; Venus was the divine mother of the hero Aeneas, celebrated as the Trojan refugee who "founded" Rome several generations before Romulus laid out the city walls.
The importance of Mars in establishing religious and cultural identity within the Roman Empire is indicated by the vast number of inscriptions identifying him with a local deity, particularly in the Western provinces.
Birth.
Although Ares was the son of Zeus and Hera, Mars was the son of Juno alone. Jupiter had usurped the mother's function when he gave birth to Minerva directly from his forehead (or mind); to restore the balance, Juno sought the advice of the goddess Flora on how to do the same. Flora obtained a magic flower (Latin "flos", plural "flores", a masculine word) and tested it on a heifer who became fecund at once. She then plucked a flower ritually using her thumb, touched Juno's belly, and impregnated her. Juno withdrew to Thrace and the shore of Marmara for the birth.
Ovid tells this story in the "Fasti", his long-form poetic work on the Roman calendar. It may explain why the Matronalia, a festival celebrated by married women in honor of Juno as a goddess of childbirth, occurred on the first day of Mars' month, which is also marked on a calendar from late antiquity as the birthday of Mars. In the earliest Roman calendar, March was the first month, and the god would have been born with the new year. Ovid is the only source for the story. He may be presenting a literary myth of his own invention, or an otherwise unknown archaic Italic tradition; either way, in choosing to include the story, he emphasizes that Mars was connected to plant life and was not alienated from female nurture.
Consort.
The consort of Mars was Nerio or Nerine, "Valor." She represents the vital force "(vis)", power "(potentia)" and majesty "(maiestas)" of Mars. Her name was regarded as Sabine in origin and is equivalent to Latin "virtus," "manly virtue" (from "vir", "man"). In the early 3rd century BC, the comic playwright Plautus has a reference to Mars greeting Nerio, his wife. A source from late antiquity says that Mars and Nerine were celebrated together at a festival held on March 23. In the later Roman Empire, Nerine came to be identified with Minerva.
Nerio probably originates as a divine personification of Mars' power, as such abstractions in Latin are generally feminine. Her name appears with that of Mars in an archaic prayer invoking a series of abstract qualities, each paired with the name of a deity. The influence of Greek mythology and its anthropomorphic gods may have caused Roman writers to treat these pairs as "marriages."
Venus and Mars.
The union of Venus and Mars held greater appeal for poets and philosophers, and the couple were a frequent subject of art. In Greek myth, the adultery of Ares and Aphrodite had been exposed to ridicule when her husband Hephaestus (whose Roman equivalent was Vulcan) caught them in the act by means of a magical snare. Although not originally part of the Roman tradition, in 217 BC Venus and Mars were presented as a complementary pair in the "lectisternium", a public banquet at which images of twelve major gods of the Roman state were presented on couches as if present and participating.
Scenes of Venus and Mars in Roman art often ignore the adulterous implications of their union, and take pleasure in the good-looking couple attended by Cupid or multiple Loves "(amores)". Some scenes may imply marriage, and the relationship was romanticized in funerary or domestic art in which husbands and wives had themselves portrayed as the passionate divine couple.
The uniting of deities representing Love and War lent itself to allegory, especially since the lovers were the parents of Harmonia. The Renaissance philosopher Marsilio Ficino notes that "only Venus dominates Mars, and he never dominates her". In ancient Roman and Renaissance art, Mars is often shown disarmed and relaxed, or even sleeping, but the extramarital nature of their affair can also suggest that this peace is impermanent.
Essential nature.
Virility as a kind of life force "(vis)" or virtue "(virtus)" is an essential characteristic of Mars. As an agricultural guardian, he directs his energies toward creating conditions that allow crops to grow, which may include warding off hostile forces of nature. As an embodiment of masculine aggression, he is the force that drives wars – but ideally, war that delivers a secure peace.
The priesthood of the Arval Brothers called on Mars to drive off "rust" "(lues)", with its double meaning of wheat fungus and the red oxides that affect metal, a threat to both iron farm implements and weaponry. In the surviving text of their hymn, the Arval Brothers invoked Mars as "ferus", "savage" or "feral" like a wild animal.
Mars' potential for savagery is expressed in his obscure connections to the wild woodlands, and he may even have originated as a god of the wild, beyond the boundaries set by humans, and thus a force to be propitiated. In his book on farming, Cato invokes "Mars Silvanus" for a ritual to be carried out "in silva", in the woods, an uncultivated place that if not held within bounds can threaten to overtake the fields needed for crops. Mars' character as an agricultural god may derive solely from his role as a defender and protector, or may be inseparable from his warrior nature, as the leaping of his armed priests the Salii was meant to quicken the growth of crops.
Sacred animals.
The two wild animals most sacred to Mars were the woodpecker and the wolf, which in the natural lore of the Romans were said always to inhabit the same foothills and woodlands.
Plutarch notes that the woodpecker "(picus)" is sacred to Mars because "it is a courageous and spirited bird and has a beak so strong that it can overturn oaks by pecking them until it has reached the inmost part of the tree." As the beak of the "picus Martius" contained the god's power to ward off harm, it was carried as a magic charm to prevent bee stings and leech bites. The bird of Mars also guarded a woodland herb "(paeonia)" used for treatment of the digestive or female reproductive systems; those who sought to harvest it were advised to do so by night, lest the woodpecker jab out their eyes. The "picus Martius" seems to have been a particular species, but authorities differ on which one: perhaps "Picus viridis" or "Dryocopus martius".
The woodpecker was revered by the Latin peoples, who abstained from eating its flesh. It was one of the most important birds in Roman and Italic augury, the practice of reading the will of the gods through watching the sky for signs. The mythological figure named Picus had powers of augury that he retained when he was transformed into a woodpecker; in one tradition, Picus was the son of Mars. The Umbrian cognate "peiqu" also means "woodpecker," and the Italic Picenes were supposed to have derived their name from the "picus" who served as their guide animal during a ritual migration "(ver sacrum)" undertaken as a rite of Mars. In the territory of the Aequi, another Italic people, Mars had an oracle of great antiquity where the prophecies were supposed to be spoken by a woodpecker perched on a wooden column. 
Mars' association with the wolf is familiar from what may be the most famous of Roman myths, the story of how a she-wolf "(lupa)" suckled his infant sons when they were exposed by order of their human uncle, who feared that they would take back the kingship he had usurped. The woodpecker also brought nourishment to the twins.
The wolf appears elsewhere in Roman art and literature in masculine form as the animal of Mars. A statue group that stood along the Appian Way showed Mars in the company of wolves. At the Battle of Sentinum in 295 BC, the appearance of the wolf of Mars "(Martius lupus)" was a sign that Roman victory was to come.
In Roman Gaul, the goose was associated with the Celtic forms of Mars, and archaeologists have found geese buried alongside warriors in graves. The goose was considered a bellicose animal because it is easily provoked to aggression.
Sacrificial animals.
Ancient Greek and Roman religion distinguished between animals that were sacred to a deity and those that were prescribed as the correct sacrificial offerings for the god. Wild animals might be viewed as already belonging to the god to whom they were sacred, or at least not owned by human beings and therefore not theirs to give. Since sacrificial meat was eaten at a banquet after the gods received their portion – mainly the entrails "(exta)" — it follows that the animals sacrificed were most often, though not always, domestic animals normally part of the Roman diet. Gods often received castrated male animals as sacrifices, and the goddesses female victims; Mars, however, regularly received intact males. Mars did receive oxen under a few of his cult titles, such as Mars Grabovius, but the usual offering was the bull, singly, in multiples, or in combination with other animals.
The two most distinctive animal sacrifices made to Mars were the "suovetaurilia", a triple offering of a pig "(sus)", ram "(ovis)" and bull "(taurus)", and the October Horse, the only horse sacrifice known to have been carried out in ancient Rome and a rare instance of a victim the Romans considered inedible.
Temples and topography.
The earliest center in Rome for cultivating Mars as a deity was the Altar of Mars "(Ara Martis)" in the Campus Martius ("Field of Mars") outside the sacred boundary of Rome "(pomerium)". The Romans thought that this altar had been established by the semi-legendary Numa Pompilius, the peace-loving successor of Romulus. According to Roman tradition, the Campus Martius had been consecrated to Mars by their ancestors to serve as horse pasturage and an equestrian training ground for youths. During the Roman Republic (509–27 BC), the Campus was a largely open expanse. No temple was built at the altar, but from 193 BC a covered walkway connected it to the Porta Fontinalis, near the office and archives of the Roman censors. Newly elected censors placed their curule chairs by the altar, and when they had finished conducting the census, the citizens were collectively purified with a suovetaurilia there. A frieze from the so-called "Altar" of Domitius Ahenobarbus is thought to depict the census, and may show Mars himself standing by the altar as the procession of victims advances.
The main Temple of Mars "(Aedes Martis)" in the Republican period also lay outside the sacred boundary and was devoted to the god's warrior aspect. It was built to fulfill a vow "(votum)" made by a Titus Quinctius in 388 BC during the Gallic siege of Rome. The founding day "(dies natalis)" was commemorated on June 1, and the temple is attested by several inscriptions and literary sources. The sculpture group of Mars and the wolves was displayed there. Soldiers sometimes assembled at the temple before heading off to war, and it was the point of departure for a major parade of Roman cavalry held annually on July 15.
A temple to Mars in the Circus Flaminius was built around 133 BC, funded by Decimus Junius Brutus Callaicus from war booty. It housed a colossal statue of Mars and a nude Venus.
The Campus Martius continued to provide venues for equestrian events such as chariot racing during the Imperial period, but under the first emperor Augustus it underwent a major program of urban renewal, marked by monumental architecture. The Altar of Augustan Peace "(Ara Pacis Augustae)" was located there, as was the Obelisk of Montecitorio, imported from Egypt to form the pointer "(gnomon)" of the Solarium Augusti, a giant sundial. With its public gardens, the Campus became one of the most attractive places in the city to visit.
Augustus chose the Campus Martius as the site of his new Temple to Mars Ultor, a manifestation of Mars he cultivated as the avenger "(ultor)" of the murder of Julius Caesar and of the military disaster suffered at the Battle of Carrhae. When the legionary standards lost to the Parthians were recovered, they were housed in the new temple. The date of the temple's dedication on May 12 was aligned with the heliacal setting of the constellation Scorpio, the house of war. The date continued to be marked with circus games as late as the mid-4th century AD.
A large statue of Mars was part of the short-lived Arch of Nero, which was built in 62 AD but dismantled after Nero's suicide and disgrace "(damnatio memoriae)".
Iconography.
In Roman art, Mars is depicted as either bearded and mature, or young and clean-shaven. Even nude or seminude, he often wears a helmet or carries a spear as emblems of his warrior nature. Mars was among the deities to appear on the earliest Roman coinage in the late 4th and early 3rd century BC.
On the Altar of Peace "(Ara Pacis)", built in the last years of the 1st century BC, Mars is a mature man with a "handsome, classicizing" face, and a short curly beard and moustache. His helmet is a plumed neo-Attic-type. He wears a military cloak "(paludamentum)" and a cuirass ornamented with a gorgoneion. Although the relief is somewhat damaged at this spot, he appears to hold a spear garlanded in laurel, symbolizing a peace that is won by military victory. The 1st-century statue of Mars found in the Forum of Nerva (pictured at top) is similar. In this guise, Mars is presented as the dignified ancestor of the Roman people. The panel of the "Ara Pacis" on which he appears would have faced the Campus Martius, reminding viewers that Mars was the god whose altar Numa established there, that is, the god of Rome's oldest civic and military institutions.
Particularly in works of art influenced by the Greek tradition, Mars may be portrayed in a manner that resembles Ares, youthful, beardless, and often nude. In the Renaissance, Mars' nudity was thought to represent his lack of fear in facing danger.
The spear of Mars.
The spear is the instrument of Mars in the same way that Jupiter wields the lightning bolt, Neptune the trident, and Saturn the scythe or sickle. A relic or fetish called the spear of Mars was kept in a "sacrarium" at the Regia, the former residence of the Kings of Rome. The spear was said to move, tremble or vibrate at impending war or other danger to the state, as was reported to occur before the assassination of Julius Caesar. When Mars is pictured as a peace-bringer, his spear is wreathed with laurel or other vegetation, as on the Ara Pacis or a coin of Aemilianus.
Priesthoods.
The high priest of Mars in Roman public religion was the Flamen Martialis, who was one of the three major priests in the fifteen-member college of flamens. Mars was also served by the Salii, a twelve-member priesthood of patrician youths who dressed as archaic warriors and danced in procession around the city in March. Both priesthoods extend to the earliest periods of Roman history, and patrician birth was required.
Festivals and rituals.
The festivals of Mars cluster in his namesake month of March (Latin "Martius"), with a few observances in October, the beginning and end of the season for military campaigning and agriculture. Festivals with horse racing took place in the Campus Martius. Some festivals in March retained characteristics of new year festivals, since "Martius" was originally the first month of the Roman calendar.
Mars was also honored by chariot races at the Robigalia and Consualia, though these festivals are not primarily dedicated to him. From 217 BC onward, Mars was among the gods honored at the lectisternium, a banquet given for deities who were present as images.
Roman hymns "(carmina)" are rarely preserved, but Mars is invoked in two. The Arval Brothers, or "Brothers of the Fields," chanted a hymn to Mars while performing their three-step dance. The "Carmen Saliare" was sung by Mars' priests the Salii while they moved twelve sacred shields "(ancilia)" throughout the city in a procession. In the 1st century AD, Quintilian remarks that the language of the Salian hymn was so archaic that it was no longer fully understood.
Name and epithets.
The word "Mārs" (genitive "Mārtis"), which in Old Latin and poetic usage also appears as "Māvors" ("Māvortis"), is cognate with Oscan "Māmers" ("Māmertos"). The Old Latin form was believed to derive from an Italic "*Māworts", but can also be explained as deriving from "Maris," the name of an Etruscan child-god; scholars have varying views on whether the two gods are related, and if so how. Latin adjectives from the name of Mars are "martius" and "martialis", from which derive English "martial" (as in "martial arts" or "martial law") and personal names such as "Martin".
Mars also gave his name to the third month in the Roman calendar, "Martius", from which English "March" derives. In the most ancient Roman calendar, "Martius" was the first month. The planet Mars was named for him, and in some allegorical and philosophical writings, the planet and the god are endowed with shared characteristics. In many languages, Tuesday is named for the planet Mars or the god of war: In Latin, "martis dies" ("Mars's Day"), survived in Romance languages as "martes" (Spanish), "mardi" (French), "martedi" (Italian), "marţi" (Romanian), and "dimarts" (Catalan). In Irish (Gaelic), the day is "An Mháirt". The English word "Tuesday" derives from Old English "Tiwesdæg" and means "Tiw's Day", "Tiw" being the Old English form of the Proto-Germanic war god *Tîwaz, or Týr in Norse.
In Roman religion.
In Classical Roman religion, Mars was invoked under several titles, and the first Roman emperor Augustus thoroughly integrated Mars into Imperial cult. The 4th-century Latin historian Ammianus Marcellinus treats Mars as one of several classical Roman deities who remained "cultic realities" up to his own time. Mars, and specifically Mars Ultor, was among the gods who received sacrifices from Julian, the only emperor to reject Christianity after the conversion of Constantine I. In 363 AD, in preparation for the Siege of Ctesiphon, Julian sacrificed ten "very fine" bulls to Mars Ultor. The tenth bull violated ritual protocol by attempting to break free, and when killed and examined, produced ill omens, among the many that were read at the end of Julian's reign. As represented by Ammianus, Julian swore never to make sacrifice to Mars again—a vow kept with his death a month later.
Mars Gradivus.
Gradivus was one of the gods by whom a general or soldiers might swear an oath to be valorous in battle. His temple outside the Porta Capena was where armies gathered. The archaic priesthood of Mars Gradivus was the "Salii", the "leaping priests" who danced ritually in armor as a prelude to war. His cult title is most often taken to mean "the Strider" or "the Marching God," from "gradus", "step, march."
The poet Statius addresses him as "the most implacable of the gods," but Valerius Maximus concludes his history by invoking Mars Gradivus as "author and support of the name 'Roman'": Gradivus is asked – along with Capitoline Jupiter and Vesta, as the keeper of Rome's perpetual flame – to "guard, preserve, and protect" the state, the peace, and the "princeps" (the emperor Tiberius at the time).
A source from late antiquity says that the wife of Gradivus was Nereia, the daughter of Nereus, and that he loved her passionately.
Mars Quirinus.
Mars Quirinus was the protector of the Quirites ("citizens" or "civilians") as divided into "curiae" (citizen assemblies), whose oaths were required to make a treaty. As a guarantor of treaties, Mars Quirinus is thus a god of peace: "When he rampages, Mars is called "Gradivus", but when he's at peace "Quirinus"."
The deified Romulus was identified with Mars Quirinus. In the Archaic Triad of Jupiter, Mars, and Quirinus, however, Mars and Quirinus were two separate deities, though not perhaps in origin. Each of the three had his own flamen (specialized priest), but the functions of the Flamen Martialis and Flamen Quirinalis are hard to distinguish.
Mars Grabovius.
Mars is invoked as "Grabovius" in the Iguvine Tables, bronze tablets written in Umbrian that record ritual protocols for carrying out public ceremonies on behalf of the city and community of Iguvium. The same title is given to Jupiter and to the Umbrian deity Vofionus. This triad has been compared to the Archaic Triad, with Vofionus equivalent to Quirinus. Tables I and VI describe a complex ritual that took place at the three gates of the city. After the auspices were taken, two groups of three victims were sacrificed at each gate. Mars Grabovius received three oxen.
Mars Pater.
"Father Mars" or "Mars the Father" is the form in which the god is invoked in the agricultural prayer of Cato, and he appears with this title in several other literary texts and inscriptions. "Mars Pater" is among the several gods invoked in the ritual of "devotio", by means of which a general sacrificed himself and the lives of the enemy to secure a Roman victory.
Father Mars is the regular recipient of the "suovetaurilia", the sacrifice of a pig "(sus)", ram "(ovis)" and bull "(taurus)", or often a bull alone. To "Mars Pater" other epithets were sometimes appended, such as "Mars Pater Victor" ("Father Mars the Victorious"), to whom the Roman army sacrificed a bull on March 1.
Although "pater" and "mater" were fairly common as honorifics for a deity, any special claim for Mars as father of the Roman people lies in the mythic geneaology that makes him the divine father of Romulus and Remus.
Mars Silvanus.
In the section of his farming book that offers recipes and medical preparations, Cato describes a "votum" to promote the health of cattle:
Make an offering to Mars Silvanus in the forest "(in silva)" during the daytime for each head of cattle: 3 pounds of meal, 4½ pounds of bacon, 4½ pounds of meat, and 3 pints of wine. You may place the viands in one vessel, and the wine likewise in one vessel. Either a slave or a free man may make this offering. After the ceremony is over, consume the offering on the spot at once. A woman may not take part in this offering or see how it is performed. You may vow the vow every year if you wish.
That "Mars Silvanus" is a single entity has been doubted. Invocations of deities are often list-like, without connecting words, and the phrase should perhaps be understood as "Mars and Silvanus". Women were explicitly excluded from some cult practices of Silvanus, but not necessarily of Mars. William Warde Fowler, however, thought that the wild god of the wood Silvanus may have been "an emanation or offshoot" of Mars.
Mars Ultor.
Augustus created the cult of "Mars the Avenger" to mark two occasions: his defeat of the assassins of Caesar at Philippi in 42 BC, and the negotiated return of the Roman battle standards that had been lost to the Parthians at the Battle of Carrhae in 53 BC. The god is depicted wearing a cuirass and helmet and standing in a "martial pose," leaning on a lance he holds in his right hand. He holds a shield in his left hand. The goddess Ultio, a divine personification of vengeance, had an altar and golden statue in his temple.
The Temple of Mars Ultor, dedicated in 2 BC in the center of the Forum of Augustus, gave the god a new place of honor. Some rituals previously conducted within the cult of Capitoline Jupiter were transferred to the new temple, which became the point of departure for magistrates as they left for military campaigns abroad. Augustus required the Senate to meet at the temple when deliberating questions of war and peace. The temple also became the site at which sacrifice was made to conclude the rite of passage of young men assuming the "toga virilis" ("man's toga") around age 14.
On various Imperial holidays, Mars Ultor was the first god to receive a sacrifice, followed by the Genius of the emperor. An inscription from the 2nd century records a vow to offer Mars Ultor a bull with gilded horns.
Mars Augustus.
"Augustus" or "Augusta" was appended far and wide, "on monuments great and small," to the name of gods or goddesses, including Mars. The honorific marks the affiliation of a deity with Imperial cult. In Roman Spain "(Hispania)", many of the statues and dedications to Mars Augustus were presented by members of the priesthood or sodality called the "Augustales". These vows "(vota)" were usually fulfilled within a sanctuary of Imperial cult, or in a temple or precinct "(templum)" consecrated specifically to Mars. As with other deities invoked as "Augustus", altars to Mars Augustus might be set up to further the wellbeing "(salus)" of the emperor, but some inscriptions suggest personal devotion. An inscription in the Alps records the gratitude of a slave who dedicated a statue to Mars Augustus as "conservator corporis sui", the preserver of his own body, said to have been vowed "ex iussu numinis ipsius", "by the order of the "numen" himself".
"Mars Augustus" appears in inscriptions at sites throughout the Empire, such as Baetica, Saguntum, and Emerita (Lusitania) in Roman Spain; Lepcis Magna (with a date of 6–7 AD) in present-day Libya; and Sarmizegetusa in the province of Dacia.
Provincial epithets.
In addition to his cult titles at Rome, Mars appears in a large number of inscriptions in the provinces of the Roman Empire, and more rarely in literary texts, identified with a local deity by means of an epithet. Mars appears with great frequency in Gaul among the Continental Celts, as well as in Roman Spain and Britain. In Celtic settings, he is often invoked as a healer. The inscriptions indicate that Mars' ability to dispel the enemy on the battlefield was transferred to the sick person's struggle against illness; healing is expressed in terms of warding off and rescue.
Celtic Mars.
Mars is identified with a number of Celtic deities, some of whom are not attested independently.
"Mars Balearicus".
"Mars Balearicus" is a name used in modern scholarship for small bronze warrior figures from Mallorca (one of the Balearic Islands) that are interpreted as representing the local Mars cult. These statuettes have been found within talayotic sanctuaries with extensive evidence of burnt offerings. "Mars" is fashioned as a lean, athletic nude lifting a lance and wearing a helmet, often conical; the genitals are perhaps semi-erect in some examples.
Other bronzes at the sites represent the heads or horns of bulls, but the bones in the ash layers indicate that sheep, goats, and pigs were the sacrificial victims. Bronze horse-hooves were found in one sanctuary. Another site held an imported statue of Imhotep, the legendary Egyptian physician. These sacred precincts were still in active use when the Roman occupation began in 123 BC. They seem to have been astronomically oriented toward the rising or setting of the constellation Centaurus.

</doc>
<doc id="19638042" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19638042" title="The Elizabethan Academy">
The Elizabethan Academy

The Elizabethan Academy (formerly The Elizabethan High School), is a secondary school with academy status located in the Nottinghamshire market town of Retford, England. It is situated to the north of Retford town centre, to the east of the A638, on the side of the River Idle once known as West Retford.
The academy has specialist status in Science and Mathematics.
History.
Grammar schools.
The Retford High School for Girls was a girls' grammar school, also known as Retford County High School for Girls in the 1950s. The analogous boys' school was the King Edward VI Grammar School, Retford (now part of Retford Oaks Academy). In 1940, 180 girls from Great Yarmouth High School for Girls were evacuated to Retford, and joined the school. They stayed until September 1944. The school on "Pelham Road" had around 400 girls in the 1950s and 1960s. The former site is to become a Nottingham County Council property. It was off "Queen Street", the road leading from the A620 "Babworth Road" to Retford railway station, in the area known as West Field close to the East Coast Main Line.
Comprehensive.
The Elizabethan High School was first created in September 1979, following a reorganisation of the secondary schools in Retford. At this time the former Hallcroft Girls' secondary modern school on "Hallcroft Road" became the new school's Lower Site and the Retford Girls' High School became the school's Upper Site, next to the Chesterfield Canal.
Whilst split across two sites, years 7 and 8 were taught at the Lower Site and years 9 through 13 at the Upper Site. To facilitate this arrangement, staff travelled between the sites during the school day, although the students remained on a single site.
New building.
As part of the Bassetlaw PFI project, the school buildings in Retford were replaced. This project culminated in 2006 with the school being relocated to a purpose built building, not far from the former Lower Site, on the school's playing fields. This new building replaced the split site arrangement with a single site and moved the Post 16 provisions to new Sixth Form centre jointly run with other schools.
Academy.
The school became an academy in April 2012, and was renamed The Elizabethan Academy. The school is no longer directly funded or operated by Nottinghamshire County Council, but still coordinates with the council in regards to admissions.
Facilities.
Modern facilities were provided for the school as part of the PFI scheme which saw the rebuilding of secondary schools across Bassetlaw. PE facilities are largely provided as part of the new site, in contrast to former provisions at the previous sites. Modern ICT facilities including building-wide wireless coverage, mobile laptop trolleys, six permanent ICT teaching rooms and interactive white boards.
Academic performance.
GCSE results have improved steadily over recent years and, as of 2010, 80% of GCSE students achieve 5A* to C grades, with 53% achieving 5A*-C grades including English and Mathematics, exceeding the national average of 48.9%. The school's Post 16 centre, run jointly with Retford Oaks Academy achieves results above the average for England.
In terms of academic performance, the Elizabethan is the highest performing of the two schools in Retford, with above average GCSEs. A-levels results at slightly below the average for England, though above average for the Local Authority. The results are good for a school in Bassetlaw, which is one of the lowest performing districts in Nottinghamshire.
Ofsted.
The school has received a rating of "good", the second highest rating, from Ofsted in its latest inspection in May 2011. This was an improvement from its previous rating of "satisfactory" in 2008.
Newsletter.
The school produces a termly newsletter, The Elizabethan Highlights, which is distributed to current students and other interested parties.

</doc>
<doc id="19638048" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19638048" title="Zuco 103">
Zuco 103

Zuco 103 is a Dutch musical ensemble which plays music chiefly in the styles of the music of Brazil.
The ensemble was initially founded under the name Rec.a in 1989 by students at the Rotterdam Conservatory. Three members of the ensemble SfeQ (singer Lilian Vieira, keyboardist Stefan Schmid, and drummer Stefan Kruger) began working together as a trio, exploring the musical repertory of Vieira's native land, Brazil. They released their debut album in 2000, and their 2006 full-length "Whaa!" reached #11 on the U.S. Billboard World Music charts.

</doc>
<doc id="19638052" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19638052" title="Metaoxyacids">
Metaoxyacids

A metaoxyacid is an acid related to oxoacid. Like oxoacids, metaoxyacids share a few similarities. Specifically they:
However, they are distinguished in that metaoxyacids:
Generally, oxoacids are simply polyatomic ions with a hydrogen cation, and a metaoxyacid is similar but less reactive. 

</doc>
<doc id="19638060" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19638060" title="Lollobrigida">
Lollobrigida

Lollobrigida may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19638067" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19638067" title="Grey Island Systems International">
Grey Island Systems International

Grey Island Systems International () was a provider of 'real-time' Internet-based GPS/AVL and passenger information solutions targeted to government and enterprise fleets. Its InterFleet and NextBus brands were independently launched commercially in 1998. It was acquired by WebTech Wireless Inc. in 2009.
Headquartered in Toronto, with over 55 employees in offices around North America, Grey Island has garnered recognition from Industry groups such as the Profit 100, Canada’s Fastest Growing Companies (2005–2007) and Deloitte and Touche Technology Fast 50 (2006–2008) 
InterFleet.
InterFleet was launched commercially in 1998 with an EMS (Emergency Medical Services) client, tracking ambulances every 100 meters of vehicle travel. This translated into the industry leading vehicle average update rate of 6 to 10 reports per minute. InterFleet’s patented live screen map thus displays the entire fleet and automatically refreshes updated status changes every second. Its applications have primarily been focused on public sector fleet tracking, and most of its users are state/provincial and local governments.
The InterFleet on-board GPS/AVL hardware and firmware as well as the middleware and end-user software is typically customized for each clients particular needs. It provides a broad variety of machine-to-machine and sensor integrations, allowing for application development to be focused on specific fleet management operation concerns, i.e. fuel costs, winter maintenance operations, government regulations, etc.
NextBus.
NextBus uses Global Positioning System (GPS) tracking satellites and advanced computer modeling to track vehicles in their routes, thus providing accurate vehicle arrival information and real-time maps instead of bus schedules to passengers and managers of public transit, shuttles, and trains. The information is updated at regular intervals to account for traffic variations, breakdowns, and day-to-day problems faced by transit providers that can interrupt service.
In addition, NextBus provides transit riders access to the information over the internet, via wireless devices such as PDAs and cell phones, through IVR (interactive voice response), and at electronic signs at specific bus stops.

</doc>
<doc id="19638070" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19638070" title="Morelia (telenovela)">
Morelia (telenovela)

Morelia is Mexican telenovela which starred Alpha Acosta, Arturo Peniche and Cecilia Bolocco. It was the first Mexican soap opera filmed in the city of Miami, it was produced and broadcast on Televisa in 1995–1996, Univision in 1996 and 2000–2001, Galavisión in 1998, and TeleFutura in 2003–2004. It is a remake of "La Zulianita" (Venezuela, 1977) with Lupita Ferrer and José Bardina.
Plot.
The story begins when the man who Morelia thinks is her father dies without revealing the secret of her true origin. A landowner in her hometown, Michoacán, harasses her and she is forced to run away. She arrives to Miami, where she has no choice but to work in a nightclub. During her first day at work, an insolent costumer, Le Blanc goes too far with her. Morelia slaps her and he accuses her of stealing his wallet after that. Thanks to Carlos Montero, a lazy lawyer, she avoids going to jail, however she loses her job. Thus, Morelia begins to work as a maid at the Campos Miranda's residence, where she meets the oldest son, Jose Enrique. They fall in love, but their romance will be opposed by many.
Theme Song.
Morelia - Cristian Castro

</doc>
<doc id="19638080" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19638080" title="Anonymous veto network">
Anonymous veto network

In cryptography, the anonymous veto network (or AV-net) is a multi-party secure computation protocol to compute the boolean-OR function. It presents an efficient solution to the Dining cryptographers problem.
Description.
All participants agree on a group formula_1 with a generator formula_2 of prime order formula_3 in which the discrete logarithm problem is hard. For example, a Schnorr group can be used. For a group of formula_4 participants, the protocol executes in two rounds.
Round 1: each participant formula_5 selects a random value formula_6 and publishes the ephemeral public key formula_7 together with a zero-knowledge proof for the proof of the exponent formula_8.
After this round, each participant computes:
Round 2: each participant formula_5 publishes formula_11 and a zero-knowledge proof for the proof of the exponent formula_12. Here, the participants chose formula_13 if they want to send a "0" bit (no veto), or a random value if they want to send a "1" bit (veto).
After round 2, each participant computes formula_14. If no one vetoed, each will obtain formula_15. On the other hand, if one or more participants vetoed, each will have formula_16.
The protocol design.
The protocol is designed by combining random public keys in such a structured way to achieve a vanishing effect. In this case, formula_17. For example, if there are three participants, then formula_18. A similar idea, though in a non-public-key context, can be traced back to David Chaum's original solution to the Dining cryptographers problem.

</doc>
<doc id="19638084" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19638084" title="Johan Jørgen Lange Hanssen">
Johan Jørgen Lange Hanssen

Johan Jørgen Lange Hanssen (18 November 1821 - 23 December 1889) was a Norwegian politician.
Personal life.
He was born in 1821 in Christiania as the son of jurist and politician Even Hanssen and his wife Barbara Abigael Lange. He had a younger brother Peter Nicolai Freberg Hansen who became a jurist like his father.
In December 1853 he married Lovise Jacobine Lange. She hailed from Arendal, and was the daughter of government minister Otto Vincent Lange and Anne Nicoline Aall. Anne Nicoline Aall was the daughter of Jacob Aall and niece of Jørgen and Niels Aall. All these people were influential politicians. Furthermore, Otto Vincent Lange was a maternal uncle of Johan Jørgen Lange Hanssen, and as such Johan Jørgen was married to his first cousin. Additionally, the maternal uncles Hans Nicolai and Ulrik Frederik were involved in politics; so was priest Nils Landmark who was married to a Johan Jørgen's maternal aunt Christiane Wilhelmine.
Career.
Johan Jørgen Lange Hanssen moved to Arendal and became director of an insurance company, as well as of the local savings bank.
He was elected to the Norwegian Parliament in 1874, representing the urban constituency of "Arendal og Grimstad". He served only one term.
In the 1865 census his household were registered as having at least three servants.

</doc>
<doc id="19638094" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19638094" title="List of number-one Billboard Top Latin Albums of 2008">
List of number-one Billboard Top Latin Albums of 2008

The "Billboard" Top Latin albums chart, published in "Billboard" magazine, is a record chart that features Latin music sales information. This data are compiled by Nielsen SoundScan from a sample that includes music stores, music departments at electronics and department stores, Internet sales (both physical and digital) and verifiable sales from concert venues in the United States.
There were 23 number-one albums in 2008; one of these, "La Vida... Es un Ratico" by Colombian singer-songwriter Juanes, won five Latin Grammy Awards, including Album of the Year. One month after the death of their lead vocalist Sergio Gómez in late December 2007, the Chicago-based group K-Paz de la Sierra returned to the top of the chart with "Capaz de Todo Por Tí", which was number one for six consecutive weeks. "Cómplices", the eighth number-one album by Mexican singer Luis Miguel, debuted at number 10 on the "Billboard" 200, the highest peak for the singer on that chart, with 32,000 album units sold. This album also gave the singer the record for the most number-one albums on this chart for one month, until it was tied by fellow Mexican singer-songwriters Marco Antonio Solís and Los Temerarios. This record was broken on October 25, 2008 by Solís with the debut of his ninth number-one album "No Molestar".
Vicente Fernández's "Para Siempre" won the Latin Grammy Award for Best Ranchero Album; it spent three non-consecutive weeks at the top of the chart. "Primera Fila", a live album by Fernández, was the last number-one album of 2008. With 26,000 album units sold, Daddy Yankee debuted at number 13 on the "Billboard" 200 with "Talento de Barrio", a soundtrack for the movie that starred the reggaeton performer, which also debuted at number one on this chart. Wisin & Yandel returned to number one with ', an album that was awarded with the Latin Grammy Award for Best Urban Music Album. and ended the year as the best selling Latin album of 2008. On November 29, another Wisin & Yandel recording, a collaboration with DJ Nesty, titled ' debuted at number one. R.K.M & Ken-Y, Flex, Jenni Rivera and Los Pikadientes de Caborca peaked at number one for the first time in their careers. Luis Fonsi's "Palabras del Silencio", earned his best sales week ever with 30,000 album copies sold and the second-largest sales week of the year for a Latin performer; only Luis Miguel's "Cómplices" sold more (32,000 albums in May). This album became the second number-one album on this chart for Fonsi.
See also.
Billboard Top Latin Albums

</doc>
<doc id="19638095" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19638095" title="Annelise Hovmand">
Annelise Hovmand

Annelise Hovmand (born 17 September 1926) is a Danish film director, screenwriter and film producer. She directed 12 films between 1955 and 1991. Her 1957 film "Ingen tid til kærtegn" won the Bodil Award for Best Danish Film and was entered into the 7th Berlin International Film Festival.
She was born in Denmark.

</doc>
<doc id="19638111" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19638111" title="Next Generation Supersonic Transport">
Next Generation Supersonic Transport

The Next Generation Supersonic Transport is a supersonic transport (SST) being developed by the Japanese Space Agency JAXA. By comparison to the Aérospatiale-BAC SST Concorde, the new design will carry three times the passengers (300), fly at roughly the same speed (Mach 2) , and have twice the range. The goal is to achieve a ticket price comparable to that of subsonic business class. JAXA expects to launch the plane by 2015. An 11.5-meter prototype was tested on October 10, 2005.
One of the most crucial factors in the commercial viability of a supersonic transport is the strength of the sonic boom it generates. The boom created by Concorde was powerful enough to prevent the aircraft from flying supersonic over land, thus eliminating many possible passenger routes (and contributing to the cancellation of Concorde's American rival, the Boeing 2707). Since the 1960s however, a number of techniques have been developed that may reduce the effect (see the sonic boom article). On May 9, 2008, JAXA announced it would collaborate with NASA to conduct joint research on sonic boom modeling.
JAXA is also researching hypersonic transport (Mach 5.0+) , though the goal is not use for commercial aircraft cost competitive with current aircraft.

</doc>
<doc id="19638146" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19638146" title="George Bowers (priest)">
George Bowers (priest)

The Very Rev George Hull Bowers, DD, was Dean of Manchester in the mid part of the 19th Century. 
Born in Staffordshire in 1794, he was educated at Clare College, Cambridge and ordained in 1819. He began his ecclesiastical career at Elstow after which he was Rector of St Paul's, Covent Garden followed by a 25 year spell in Manchester. He died on 27 December 1872.

</doc>
<doc id="19638186" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19638186" title="Sarah Cruickshank">
Sarah Cruickshank

Sarah Cruickshank is a Scottish Gaelic broadcaster from the Isle of Skye who works for BBC Scotland. She is a travel reporter and regularly does the outdoor weather conditions in the evening on BBC Radio Scotland and weather presenter on BBC Alba Gaelic news programme "An Là". Cruickshank also presents the weather for BBC Midlands Today and occasionally the national forecast.
She was a regular presenter on the Gaelic children's programme "Dè a-nis?" from 2003 to 2008, where she interviewed celebrities such as Calum MacDonald, Emma Bunton and Girls Aloud.

</doc>
<doc id="19638233" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19638233" title="Vera Gebuhr">
Vera Gebuhr

Vera Gebuhr (born 15 May 1916) is a Danish film actress. She had appeared in 60 films from 1937 to 2005. She was born in Denmark.

</doc>
<doc id="19638250" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19638250" title="2004 Movistar Open – Singles">
2004 Movistar Open – Singles

David Sánchez was the defending champion, but lost in the semifinals this year.
Fernando González won the title, defeating Gustavo Kuerten 6–4, 7–5 in the final.
Seeds.
A champion seed is indicated in bold text while text in italics indicates the round in which that seed was eliminated.

</doc>
<doc id="19638259" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19638259" title="Roman De Salvo">
Roman De Salvo

Roman de Salvo "(born 1965)" is a contemporary American conceptual artist whose sculpture and installations utilize everyday objects and materials in inventive and unexpected ways. De Salvo's work combines his interest in craft, technology, language, and materials with ever present attributes of wit and play.
Biography.
Roman de Salvo was born in San Francisco, CA in 1965 and grew up in Reno, Nevada. De Salvo attended The California College of Arts and Crafts in Oakland, CA and received his Bachelor of Fine Arts in 1990. In 1992, he went on to pursue his Master of Fine Arts which he received from The University of California, San Diego in 1995. De Salvo lives and works in San Diego. He has shown professionally throughout the United States and in Europe, including at the Whitney Biennial (2000), the Musee d’Art Americain Giverny (2000), the Museum of Contemporary Art San Diego (1998, 2001, 2006), The California Biennial at the Orange County Museum of Art (2002), the Seattle Art Museum (2003), the Public Art Fund in New York (2003) and the Nevada Museum of Art (2004).
Work.
The art of Roman de Salvo is an invitation for engagement. His work, which ranges from objects and installations to site-specific interventions and public art, transforms expectation into intrigue. De Salvo builds on the foundations of sculpture with the critical concerns of conceptualism. His work challenges the everyday, the traditional and the contemporary high-tech with ironic provocation. 
Rain Bow, one of de Salvo's earliest interactive public works, was displayed in the Natural History Museum of San Diego in 1994. This piece consisted of a pre-existing drinking fountain with a small faux window and blinds mounted above it. When a visitor stopped to take a drink and turned the handle of the fountain, the blinds would open to reveal a picturesque image of the park outside the museum with a rainbow stretching overhead. While the participant in the work may not have been aware of their actions, surely the next person in line was. De Salvo creates an unexpected encounter dependent upon his viewer's engagement, intentional or not, to activate the work. In another work from the same year entitled Zurn Fountain, de Salvo again enlisted the action of his audience to generate an intriguing intervention. This time, the flushing of a public toilet activated the eruption of a small geyser from a drain in the restroom floor. Both works of this period exemplify de Salvo's clever and transformative response to the everyday. 
De Salvo's work is often a playfully stated commentary on modern life, society and technology. In 1998's Garden Guardians, de Salvo combines the stuff of video games with tangible sensations of the real world. Garden Guardians consisted of joysticks mounted on the outdoor patios of the Museum of Contemporary Art San Diego overlooking the Pacific Ocean. The manipulation of these joysticks, contrary to expectation, had no noticeable effect on the surrounding environment; that is until the trigger was pulled. When pulled, the joystick emitted a plume of fragrant mist. There is no mission to complete or alien ships to shoot down with these joysticks, just a subtle reminder of the power of sensation. Ten years later, de Salvo completed The Legway for the New Children’s Museum. "The Legway" is de Salvo’s DIY, human powered take on the Segway Personal Transporter. Unlike the Segway, which seeks to make movement easier, The Legway challenges its rider, requiring both brain and foot power for movement. In a world driven by technology, de Salvo remains ambivalent about its overbearing role in our lives. 
In the 2000 Whitney Biennial, de Salvo exhibited Face Time, a project that invited the museum's restaurant patrons to eat their meals from the artist's specially designed plates that resembled TV dinners, cosmetic cases and laptop computers. Two years later, he was featured in the California Biennial at the Orange County Museum of Art. Director of the Museum of Contemporary Art San Diego, Hugh Davies describes the appeal of de Salvo’s work: 
"“What always amazes me is [Roman’s] inventiveness. Form and solution become indistinguishable. There’s something peculiarly American about his art. He’s a jack of all trades who relishes in the challenge to solve problems. You can’t anticipate the next piece but it always makes absolute sense. That’s what keeps Roman’s art so fresh.”" 
In recent years, de Salvo has turned to more large-scale public works. His 2003 work Crab Carillon was installed on a bridge spanning the Martin Luther King Jr. Freeway in San Diego. 488 chimes suspended vertically from the bridge's railing serve as a carillon to be played by the passerby. When struck in order, the chimes sing a musical palindrome composed by Joseph Waters. In 2006, de Salvo completed his largest commission, a site-specific work for the Caltrans District 11 Headquarters in San Diego. Entitled Nexus Eucalyptus, the work a collection of massive wood segments, 125 feet long and 50 feet wide, suspended above the courtyard of the headquarters campus. The organic lines of the wooden pieces mimic the winding paths of rivers and roads. De Salvo describes the work as “an organic way to express the freeway as organism.” 
Roman de Salvo was a recipient of the San Diego Art Prize 2007/2008. The San Diego Art Prize is awarded to three established artists and three up-and-coming each year, in order to promote art as a cultural value in the San Diego region. 
The work of Roman de Salvo is represented by Quint Contemporary Art in La Jolla, California.
Selected Solo Exhibitions.
2009 Split, Splice, Splay, Display, Quint Contemporary Art, La Jolla, California.
2008 Group Show, Athenaeum Music & Arts Library, La Jolla, California.
2005 High Wire Acts, the Holter Museum of Art, Helena, Montana.
2005 Main Street Sculpture Project, the Aldrich Contemporary Art Museum, Ridgefield, Connecticut.
2004 Power Maze 3, Nevada Museum of Art, Reno, Nevada.
2004 Recent Work with Electrical Conduit, Quint Contemporary Art, La Jolla, California.
2001 Woods, Quint Contemporary Art, La Jolla, California.
2000 Hearth Furnishings, Tahoe Gallery, Sierra Nevada College, Incline, Nevada.
1999 Recent Sculpture, Quint Contemporary Art, La Jolla, California.
1998 Garden Guardians, Museum of Contemporary Art San Diego.
1997 Cactus Arcade, Founder's Gallery, University of San Diego.
1996 Southwestern College Art Gallery, Chula Vista, California.
1995 Furnishings, Quint Contemporary Art, La Jolla, California.
1993 Tour of Sculptures in Pacific Beach, Visual Arts Facility Gallery, University of California, San Diego.
Selected Group Exhibitions.
2009 Animal Art, New Children's Museum, San Diego.
2008 Childsplay, New Children’s Museum, San Diego.
2008 Research, L Street Gallery, San Diego.
2007 Small Is Beautiful, Klemens Grasser & Tanja Grunert, Inc. New York.
2007 Sancta, Steve Turner Contemporary, Beverly Hills, California.
2005 Making It: 10 Years of Artist Commissions at California Center for the Arts, Escondido, California Center for the Arts, Escondido, California.
2003 American Idyll, Public Art Fund, New York. Catalog.
2003 Baja to Vancouver: The West Coast in Contemporary Art, Seattle Art Museum, Seattle. Traveled. Catalog.
2002 California Biennial, Orange County Museum of Art, Newport Beach, California. Catalog.
2002 I-5 Resurfacing: Four Decades of California Contemporary Art, San Diego Museum of Art.
2002 Adjective noun verb., Acuña-Hansen Gallery, Los Angeles.
2001 Lateral Thinking: Art of the 1990s, Museum of Contemporary Art San Diego. Traveled. Catalog.
2001 Relief: Sculpture Negotiating the Wall, Flux, San Diego.
2001 Constellations, Claremont Graduate University, Claremont, California.
2001 Chain Reaction: Rube Goldberg and Contemporary Art, Williams College Museum of Art, Williamstown, Massachusetts. Traveled. Catalog.
2001 Double Vision: Photographs from the Strauss Collection, University Art Museum, California State University, Long Beach. Traveled. Catalog.
2000 inSITE2000, Tijuana, Mexico. Catalog.
2000 Giverny Garden Projects, Musée d'Art Américain, Giverny, France.
2000 Biennial Exhibition, Whitney Museum of American Art, New York. Catalog.
2000 Off Broadway, Museum of Contemporary Art San Diego.
1999 Drip, Blow, Burn: Forces of Nature in Contemporary Art, The Hudson River Museum, Yonkers, New York. Catalog.
1997 Presence: Eighteen Area Sculptors, University Art Gallery, University of California, San Diego.
1997 Pop Goes the Museum, Children's Museum/Museo de los Niños, San Diego.
1996 Inside: the Work of St. Clair Cemin, Joel Otterson and Others, California Center for the Arts Museum, Escondido. Catalog.
1996 96 Containers—Art Across Oceans, Copenhagen, Denmark. Catalog.
1995 Common Ground, a Regional Exhibition, Museum of Contemporary Art San Diego.
1994 inSITE'94, San Diego Natural History Museum, San Diego. Catalog.
Public Commissions.
2006 Utility Filigree, Museum of Contemporary Art San Diego.
2006 Nexus Eucalyptus, California Department of Transportation District 11 Headquarters, San Diego, State of California.
2005 Alvarado Riddle, Alvarado Medical Center Station, San Diego Trolley, Metropolitan Transit Development Board, San Diego.
2003 Crab Carillon, 25th Street Corridor, City of San Diego.
2001 Liquid Ballistic, Museum of Contemporary Art San Diego.

</doc>
<doc id="19638303" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19638303" title="Institute for Quantum Optics and Quantum Information">
Institute for Quantum Optics and Quantum Information

The Institute for Quantum Optics and Quantum Information (IQOQI) () is a child institute of the Austrian Academy of Sciences and was founded in November 2003. The institute, with sites in Innsbruck and Vienna, is dedicated to fundamental research in quantum optics and quantum information, both theoretical and experimental.
The research institute has around 100 employees and consists of a section in Innsbruck, with four working groups led by Rainer Blatt, Hans Briegel, Rudolf Grimm and Peter Zoller, and a section in Vienna under the leadership of Anton Zeilinger. The institute is an independent research center with strong links to the University of Innsbruck and the University of Vienna. Thereby a close exchange of students and postdocs is established and the members of the institute can be integrated in teaching at the universities.

</doc>
<doc id="19638307" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19638307" title="Cutting Crew discography">
Cutting Crew discography

This is the discography page for the rock band Cutting Crew.

</doc>
<doc id="19638310" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19638310" title="Shadow WX">
Shadow WX

Satoru Shiga is a professional wrestler currently competing in Big Japan Pro Wrestling by his ring name Shadow WX. He debuted in 1995 in IWA Japan and proceeded to move to Big Japan Pro Wrestling in 1996, where he became a protege of Mr. Pogo, and won the BJW Deathmatch Heavyweight Championship 4 times and has been one of the most successful wrestlers in Big Japan Pro Wrestling history.

</doc>
<doc id="19638311" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19638311" title="1949–50 Huddersfield Town F.C. season">
1949–50 Huddersfield Town F.C. season

Huddersfield Town's 1949–50 campaign saw Town finish in their highest position in Division 1 since their 3rd place finish in the 1935–36 season. They finished in 15th place with just 37 points and most of the highlights of the season were of the negative sort with disappointing thrashings by Wolverhampton Wanderers and Manchester United, as well as a 6–0 drubbing by Sunderland in the FA Cup.
Review.
After Arnold Rodgers' goal in the final match of the previous season, some were wondering how Town would cope in Division 1 as they headed into the 1950s. The season didn't start too well with Town only winning 1 of their first 10 matches, that being a 2–1 win over Charlton Athletic, but that run also included a 7–1 defeat by Wolverhampton Wanderers.
Town's form would never dramatically improve, which led Town to another relegation battle, but an improvement saw Town finish in the more respectable position of 15th place. This was also the season that Town played 2 matches at Elland Road, the home of rivals Leeds United, because of a fire at Leeds Road after the game against Manchester United.

</doc>
<doc id="19638325" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19638325" title="2008–09 FC Argeș Pitești season">
2008–09 FC Argeș Pitești season

Squad 2008-09.
Appearances and goals.
"As of October 8, 2008"
Matches 2008–09.
Matches.
"Kick-off listed in local time (EET)"
Matchday 1
Matchday 2
Matchday 3
Matchday 4
Matchday 5
Matchday 6
Matchday 7
Matchday 8
Matchday 9
Matchday 10
Matchday 11

</doc>
<doc id="19638340" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19638340" title="As I Please">
As I Please

"As I Please" was a series of articles written between 1943 and 1947 for the British left-wing newspaper "Tribune" by author and journalist George Orwell.
On resigning from his job at the BBC in November 1943, Orwell joined "Tribune" as literary editor. Over the next three-and-a-half years he wrote a series of columns, under the title "As I Please", that remain some of the greatest examples of their genre in the English language. The articles allowed Orwell to digress freely over whatever topics came into his mind, including reminiscences, nature observations, gleanings from books and thoughts on the political situation. Each article roamed from one theme to another without any need for formal continuity but had no title indicating the content. 
The first article appeared in December 1943 and considered prevailing attitude to American servicemen in Britain. The last, in April 1947, covered the publication of social surveys by the Mass Observation research group, venereal diseases and begins the concluding section "For the last five minutes I have been gazing out of the window into the square, keeping a sharp look-out for first signs of spring".
Topics in "As I Please" articles.
8 November 1946
15 November 1946
22 November 1946
29 November 1946
6 December 1946
13 December 1946
20 December 1946
27 December 1946
3 January 1947
17 January 1947
24 January 1947
31 January 1947 (As I Pleased)
7 February 1947
14 February 1947
7 March 1947
14 March 1947
28 March 1947

</doc>
<doc id="19638342" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19638342" title="Hans Nicolai Lange">
Hans Nicolai Lange

Hans Nicolai Lange (2 December 1795 – 24 December 1848) was a Norwegian priest and politician.
Born in Jevnaker to Johan Jørgen Lange and Dorothea Helena Larsen, he was the older brother of politicians Otto Vincent and Ulrik Frederik Lange, brother-in-law of Nils Landmark and Even Hanssen and uncle of Johan Jørgen Lange Hanssen.
In 1825 he married Anna Rebecca Blix. They had no children.
He was elected to the Norwegian Parliament in 1839, while working as a church teacher in Drammen. He later became vicar in Bragernes parish, and was also mayor of Drammen for some time.
He died in 1848 in Paris, France due to ill health.

</doc>
<doc id="19638350" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19638350" title="IDEF5">
IDEF5

IDEF5 ("Integrated Definition for Ontology Description Capture Method") is a software engineering method to develop and maintain usable, accurate, domain ontologies. This standard is part of the IDEF family of modeling languages in the field of software engineering.
Overview.
In the field of computer science ontologies are used to capture the concept and objects in a specific domain, along with associated relationships and meanings. In addition, ontology capture helps coordinate projects by standardizing terminology and creates opportunities for information reuse. The lDEF5 Ontology Capture Method has been developed to reliably construct ontologies in a way that closely reflects human understanding of the specific domain.
In the IDEF5 method, an ontology is constructed by capturing the content of certain assertions about real-world objects, their properties, and their interrelationships and representing that content in an intuitive and natural form. The IDEF5 method has three main components: 
IDEF5 Topics.
Ontology.
In IDEF5 the meaning of the term "ontology" is characterized to include a catalog of terms used in a domain, the rules governing how those terms can be combined to make valid statements about situations in that domain, and the “sanctioned inferences” that can be made when such statements are used in that domain. In every domain, there are phenomena that the humans in that domain discriminate as (conceptual or physical) objects, associations, and situations. Through various language mechanisms, we associate definite descriptors (e.g., names, noun phrases, etc.) to that phenomena.
Central Concepts of Ontology.
The construction of ontologies for human engineered systems is the focus of the IDEF5. In the context of such systems, the nature of ontological knowledge involves several modifications to the more traditional conception. The first of these modifications has to do with the notion of a kind. Historically, a kind is an objective category of objects that are bound together by a common nature, a set of properties shared by all and only the members of the kind.
While there is an attempt to divide the world at its joints in the construction of enterprise ontologies, those divisions are not determined by the natures of things in the enterprise so much as the roles those things are to play in the enterprise from some perspective or other. Because those roles might be filled in any of a number of ways by objects that differ in various ways, and because legitimate perspectives on a domain can vary widely, it is too restrictive to require that the instances of each identifiable kind in an enterprise share a common nature, let alone that the properties constituting that nature be essential to their bearers. Consequently, enterprise ontologies require a more flexible notion of kind.
Ontology development process.
Ontology development requires extensive iterations, discussions, reviews, and introspection. Knowledge extraction is
usually a discovery process and requires considerable introspection. It requires a process that incorporates both significant expert involvement as well as the dynamics of a group effort. Given the open-ended nature of ontological analyses, it is not prudent to adopt a “cookbook” approach to ontology development. In brief, the IDEF5 ontology development process consists of the following five activities:
Although the above activities are listed sequentially, there is a significant amount of overlap and iteration between the activities.
Ontological Analysis.
Ontological analysis is accomplished by examining the vocabulary that is used to discuss the characteristic objects and processes that compose the domain, developing rigorous definitions of the basic terms in that vocabulary, and characterizing the logical connections among those terms. The product of this analysis, an ontology, is a domain vocabulary complete with a set of precise definitions, or axioms, that constrain the meanings of the terms sufficiently to enable consistent interpretation of the data that use that vocabulary.
IDEF5 Building blocks.
Definitions.
Some of the key terms in IDEF5 and the basic IDEF5 Schematic Language Symbols, see figure.: 
Diagram types.
Various diagram types, or schematics, can be constructed in the IDEF5 Schematic Language. The purpose of these schematics, like that of any representation, is to represent information visually. Thus, semantic rules must be provided for interpreting every possible schematic. These rules are provided by outlining the rules for interpreting the most basic constructs of the language, then applying them recursively to more complex constructs. There are four primary schematic types derived from the basic IDEF5 Schematic Language which can be used to capture ontology information directly in a form that is intuitive to the domain expert.

</doc>
<doc id="19638358" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19638358" title="The Cat Who Brought Down the House">
The Cat Who Brought Down the House

The Cat Who Brought Down the House (2003) is the 25th novel in the Cat Who series and is written by Lillian Jackson Braun.
Plot introduction.
A native of Moose County, Thelma Thackeray, is returning to die. She is 82, has fame and fortune, and owns a vacant opera house downtown. She wants to have fun before she dies. Everyone is curious about her. Local historians say that her twin brother, Thurston, had died from an accidental fall near Lockmaster. His son, Richard, has now moved in with Thelma. When Thelma decides to turn the opera house into a film club, Dick is offered the job of manager. The first public event is a fund-raiser, with wealthy citizens and their cats. That is when Koko brings down the house.
Reception.
Peter Cannon, of Publishers Weekly, reviewed the book saying, "In her inimitable gentle style, Braun documents the daily activities of the inhabitants of Pickax. Kidnappings, robberies and murders may abound, but nothing is really upsetting or unpleasant. Braun devotees will cheer." A Kirkus Reviews review says, "The smidgen of mystery will be just enough for the faithful already queued up for this mild silver anniversary for Braun." Rex E. Klett, of Library Journal, reviewed the book saying, "For all of those cat aficionados out there, here is more quaint, small-town goings-on."

</doc>
<doc id="19638373" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19638373" title="Beograd, uživo '97 – 1">
Beograd, uživo '97 – 1

"Beograd, uživo '97 – 1" (trans. "Belgrade, Live '97 - 1") is the first disc of the fourth live album by Serbian and former Yugoslav rock band Riblja Čorba, released in 1997. "Beograd, uživo '97 - 1" was followed by "Beograd, uživo '97 - 2", as the band, instead of releasing a double live album, opted for two separate releases. Album was recorded on Riblja Čorba concerts held on May 31 and June 1, 1997 on Belgrade's Tašmajdan Stadium.

</doc>
<doc id="19638394" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19638394" title="JW Formoza">
JW Formoza

Jednostka Wojskowa Formoza, (en. Military Unit Formoza) (2007-2011 Morska Jednostka Działań Specjalnych, "MJDS") (en. Naval Special Operations Unit), other old names: Sekcje Działań Specjalnych Marynarki Wojennej (Polish Navy Special Operations Sections), Grupy Specjalne Płetwonurków (Special Frogmen Groups).
JWF is now part of Wojska Specjalne (1975-2008 - part of the Polish Navy). The Formoza was founded in 1975. Its first commanding officer was (now a retired) "certified commander", kmdr por. dypl. Józef Rembisz. In 1974, a research team dealing with matters related to naval frogmen was created. The team was to draw up a concept for the organisation and formation of a special division of naval frogmen.
The unit was originally intended to comprise three sections of frogmen, a technical section, section and management. But it was necessary to change this premise; a frogman could not go under the water without a safety leash. It was found possible to omit this regulation. A basic team now consists of a pair formed to safeguard each other, three pairs create a special group, five groups – a section. At the very beginning, conscripted soldiers served in the unit, nowadays the unit is entirely professional, which has increased its operating effectiveness. A three-year training system was preserved, for instance, during the first year, mainly shooting, swimming long distances, driving vehicles and foreign languages are practiced.
In September 1987, the unit changed its name to Special Operations Department and the Special Naval Frogman Groups were created in 1990. The unit has formidable striking power, two frogmen may sink or take control of an enemy’s ship, several of them may block even a large group of ships. The current official name Formoza comes from a Polish Navy seamen nickname of unit's training base "Formoza" (from relation between mainland, coast and island like PRC and ROC Taiwan - Formosa) - a former WW2 German torpedo test platform, 500 m away from coast in Gdynia Naval Harbour (Formoza means Formosa in Polish).
Present Day.
The headquarters are stationed in Gdynia, Poland. It is subordinated to Wojska Specjalne. Reportedly, the Special Operations Sections consist of six groups and a base. Jednostka Wojskowa Formoza is prepared for special operations in times of peace, crisis and war. Its basic tasks include the carrying out of operations on the sea, under water and in on-shore facilities, as well as land special operations. Usually the Formoza co-operates with a water subunit of the JW Grom, the frogmen subunit of the Jednostka Wojskowa Komandosów (formerly 1 Pułk Specjalny Komandosów) and some of its equivalents in the navies of the states belonging to NATO.
Equipment.
Standard armament of the mariners from the Special Operations Sections: 

</doc>
<doc id="19638418" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19638418" title="Jim Michael Hansen">
Jim Michael Hansen

Jim Michael Hansen (born 1949, Cleveland, Ohio) is the author of the ""Laws"" novels, which are hard-edged legal/detective thrillers featuring Denver homicide detective Bryson Coventry.
Biography.
Hansen is a graduate of Cleveland State University, where he earned a B.A. (Mathematics) in 1971 and a M.S. (Mathematics) in 1973. Following graduation, Hansen taught mathematics to junior high school students for ten years in the Cleveland Municipal School District.
In 1980, Hansen obtained a Juris Doctorate from the Cleveland Marshall College of Law. During law school, Hansen was invited to join the Cleveland State Law Review based on his upper 10% class standing after the first year. He then served as an Associate Editor (1979) and Editor (1980) on the Cleveland State Law Review. His student note, Cross-Certification Teacher Tenure Problems in Ohio, was one of a handful of student submissions that was published in the Law Review. A second student article (Unreliability of Radar) was published in the Law and Fact Magazine, which earned the 1979 Exegesis Award from the Cuyahoga County Bar Association for the best published article received during the year from a law school student.
Following graduation from law school, Hansen served for three years as a Law Clerk to the Honorable Robert B. Krupansky, Circuit Judge, United States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit, Cleveland, Ohio. In 1984 Hansen was admitted to the bar of the Colorado Supreme Court and has been practicing law in Colorado since that time.
Hansen became an author in 2006 with the release of his debut thriller, "Night Laws".
Books.
The ""Laws"" books have been released in the following order. Each one features Denver homicide detective Bryson Coventry. However, each is a stanalone and is independent of the others. Thus they can be read in any order.
1. Night Laws (2006).
Denver homicide detective Bryson Coventry is on the hunt for a vicious killer who has warned attorney Kelly Parks, Esq., that she is on his murder list. Something from the beautiful young lawyer’s past has come back to haunt her, something involving the dark secrets of Denver’s largest law firm. With the elusive killer ever one step away, Kelly Parks frantically searches for answers, not only to save her life but also to find out whether she unwittingly participated in a murder herself.
2. Shadow Laws (2006).
Denver homicide detective Bryson Coventry, and beautiful young attorney Taylor Sutton, are separately hunting vicious killers but for very different reasons. As the two dangerous chases inadvertently intersect, both of the hunters get pulled deeper and deeper into an edgy world of shifting truths where there is more at stake than either could have imagined, nothing is as it seems, and time is running out.
3. Fatal Laws (2007)
When several women are found buried in shallow graves near one another, each murdered in a brutally different way, Denver homicide detective Bryson Coventry finds himself pulled into the edgy world of Tianca Holland—a woman involved enough to be a prime suspect, vulnerable enough to be the next victim, and beautiful enough to be more than just a distraction.
4. Deadly Laws (2007)
Third-year law student Kayla Beck receives a chilling telephone call. A stranger has chosen her to be the rescuer of a woman he has abducted. Kayla can either attempt to rescue the victim and possibly save her life or she can ignore the call and never be bothered again. If she disregards the call, however, no one else will get a similar opportunity. The woman will die. What happens next catapults both Kayla and Denver homicide detective Bryson Coventry into a deadly world where the FBI has been hunting unsuccessfully for years; a world of unknown boundaries and dangers; a world where, in the end, the only hope of getting out is to go all the way in.
5. Bangkok Laws (2008)
As Denver homicide detective Bryson Coventry finds himself entangled in the collateral damage of a killer who uses the entire world as his playground, newly licensed attorney Paige Alexander lands her very first case—a case that could possibly destroy the most powerful law firm in the world; a case involving a deadly, high-stakes international conspiracy of terrible proportions; a case that started in Bangkok but will not end there.
6. Immortal Laws (2008)
Denver homicide detective Bryson Coventry is thrust into his most bizarre and twisted case yet as he hunts the killer of a woman who was murdered with a wooden stake through her heart as if she was a vampire. Meanwhile, beautiful young blues singer Heather Vaughn learns that she has been targeted for a similar death. She frantically searches for answers, not only to save her life but also to find out whether dark genes from an ancient past are buried inside her. As time runes out, both she and Coventry find themselves swept deeper and deeper into the throes of a modern-day thriller born of ancient and deadly obsessions.
7. Voodoo Laws (2009)
As Denver homicide detective Bryson Coventry frantically searches for a missing woman and is pulled deeper and deeper into an edgy world of voodooism and death curses, beautiful young solo attorney Mackenzie Lee takes on a terrifying case—a case born of shadowy origins; a case that is ever intensifying; a case that is destined to sweep everyone who touches it into the spiraling vortex of a deadly thriller.
8. Ancient Laws (2009)
Denver homicide detective Bryson Coventry tracks a killer to Paris, expecting a dangerous but straightforward hunt. What he doesn’t foresee is that he and a strikingly beautiful French detective would be pulled into a deadly game—a game that would stretch from Paris to Cairo to the Valley of the Kings; a game rooted in ancient tombs, archeological murders and lost treasures; a game that started thousands of years ago but is not over yet.
9. Hong Kong Laws (2010)
In his most desperate and personal case yet, Denver homicide detective Bryson Coventry hunts the streets of Hong Kong for a killer who has targeted a mysterious woman for death. As the chase pulls him and a beautiful young Hong Kong detective from seedy underground hideaways to high-society haunts, they soon find themselves spiraling into the vortex of a deadly international hunt for an unimaginable treasure.
10. Relic Laws (2010)
An ancient African relic serves as a catalyst to pull Bryson Coventry into a deadly thriller set in Tokyo.
Recurring characters.
1. Bryson Coventry, the 34-year-old head of Denver's homicide unit.
2. Shalifa Netherwood, a first-year African American detective who appears as Coventry's partner.
3. Dr. Leanne Sanders, an FBI profiler.

</doc>
<doc id="19638464" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19638464" title="2008–09 Maltese First Division knock-out">
2008–09 Maltese First Division knock-out

The First Division Knock-Out 2008-09 is a group and knock-out competition for teams from the Maltese First Division. This year's format differs from the previous 2 years in that the simple knock-out has been replaced by two groups, the top two from each qualifying for the semi-finals. The competition started on 13 September 2008 and finished on 10 May 2009, with the final.The final was contested between First Division champions Dingli and St. Patrick. St. Patrick won 2-0.

</doc>
<doc id="19638479" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19638479" title="Albert S. Potter Octagon House">
Albert S. Potter Octagon House

The Albert S. Potter Octagon House, also known simply as the Octagon House, is an historic octagonal house located at 4 Carolina Main Street (Rhode Island Route 112) on the corner of Shannock Hill Road in the village of Carolina in Richmond, Rhode Island. It was built by watchmaker Albert S. Potter in 1857. Potter reportedly did his watchmaking in the octagonal cupola atop the two-story house. The building is now covered with asbestos siding and is owned by the Carolina Preservation and Band Society.
The Albert S. Potter Octagon House is a contributing property in the Carolina Village Historic District, which was added to the National Register of Historic Places on May 2, 1974.

</doc>
<doc id="19638486" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19638486" title="Saleem Sinai">
Saleem Sinai

Saleem Sinai is the protagonist of the Booker Prize winning novel "Midnight's Children" by Salman Rushdie. His life is closely intertwined with the events that take place in his homeland on the South Asia of pre- and post-colonial India, Pakistan and newly liberated Bangladesh (East Bengal). He is born at the moment in time when India and Pakistan emerge from British rule and lives during the new tumultuous struggles that engulf the new nations following August 15, 1947. Sinai embodies these physical struggles and rifts during, and serves as a metaphor for, the spiritual, religious, political and intellectual traumas of the young nations.
Literary significance.
Rushdie's character has been much discussed in literary circles. "Midnight's Children" is considered by many to be the author's masterwork and it has inspired a generation of writers on the subcontinent. Many authors have their work compared to it and their characters compared to Saleem Sinai. and focus on aspects of his complex character. The character has been discussed as being in many ways an autobiographical representation of Rushdie himself.
Character as metaphor for India's history.
Saleem Sinai is an Anglo-Indian born at the moment of India's independence and is a self-conscious narrator who questions the readers' assumptions about what constitutes a life story or a nation's history. His life and his experiences in the novel are inseparable from the events taking place around him and so he truly becomes a child of history. A "Times of India" review calls Saleem the most loved of Rushdie's many characters despite, or perhaps because of, his being "the snot-nosed, cucumber-nosed know-all narrator of "Midnight’s Children", whose life swings between exultation and suffering, for he has been 'handcuffed to history', a coupling determined by his time of birth, midnight on August 15, 1947, when 'clock-hands joined palms in respectful greeting'". 
India's national newspaper "The Hindu" noted the success of the novel and the significance of its main character, calling "Midnight's Children" "an extraordinary literary jewel (it was awarded the Booker of Bookers in 1993, and a host of other prizes), focusing on the fates of two children that are inextricably linked by the hour of their birth, literally 'handcuffed to history'".
Sinai is the product of extra-marital intercourse and is raised by a Muslim family after being exchanged at birth by his nurse, Mary Pereira. Over the course of the novel he goes from riches to rags. He has telepathic and other supernatural powers that are part of a special connection with those born on the South Asia at the same historic moment. He's also unusual in having an unsightly nose that constantly runs and bulging temples. Rushdie grants the character supernatural powers and he comes to symbolize and embody the struggle and strains of a nation being born and torn into pieces all at the same time.
The character is borrowed from the draft of an earlier novel called "The Antagonist".
Saleem comes to life.
In a theatrical version of the novel, Zubin Varla played Saleem Sinai. He said he identified strongly with the story as, "His own family hailed from Bombay's tiny Zoroastrian community, and he grew up in Britain with a sense of cultural alienation similar to that of his character. The performance was done by 20 actors who played the 60 or 70 roles comprising the complex storyline.

</doc>
<doc id="19638508" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19638508" title="United States Post Office (Demopolis, Alabama)">
United States Post Office (Demopolis, Alabama)

The U.S. Post Office in Demopolis, Alabama is a historic post office. It was built in 1914 in a Jeffersonian Neoclassical style. The facade is granite and brick with five arched bays, the three central bays feature Palladian windows. The roof line is crowned with a vasiform balustrade. The interior is marble. The building was added to the National Register of Historic Places on July 28, 1984 due to its architectural significance.

</doc>
<doc id="19638524" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19638524" title="The Commissar Vanishes">
The Commissar Vanishes

"The Commissar Vanishes: The Falsification of Photographs and Art in Stalin's Russia" is a 1997 book by David King about the censoring of photographs in Joseph Stalin's Soviet Union through silent alteration via airbrushing and other techniques. It has an introduction by Stephen F. Cohen.
Michael Nyman created a companion album of the same title in 1999. The second disc of the two-disc album contains "The Fall of Icarus", the score to an eponymous art installation by Peter Greenaway from 1986 which had previously been unreleased. The first disc, "The Commissar Vanishes", is a version of "The Fall of Icarus" that has been defaced similarly to the photographs reproduced in King's book.
Track listing.
Disc 1: The Commissar Vanishes
Disc: 2: The Fall of Icarus

</doc>
<doc id="19638565" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19638565" title="Aist River">
Aist River

The Aist is a river system in Upper Austria, a tributary of the Danube. Via its major branches the Feldaist and the Waldaist, and other streams, it drains an area of .
The Aist rises in Hohensteg (south of Pregarten) and flows through the protected Natura-2000 site Waldaist-Naarn (Fauna-Flora-Habitat Area) on its journey to its confluence with the Danube.
History.
The name "Aist" was derived from a Slavic river designation, recorded in ancient documents such as the Wilhelmine deed. Upper Austria, as well as many other parts of Europe were, at that time inhabited by Slavic peoples. The river appeared for the first time in 853 in a deed as "Agasta". In 983 it is called "Agesta". The prefix "ag" means "drive" or "fast". The name of Dietmar von Aist (1140–1171), a Minnesänger may be related to the Aist.
In the August 2002 flood, the entire Aist area was devastated.

</doc>
<doc id="19638567" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19638567" title="From Bakunin to Lacan">
From Bakunin to Lacan

From Bakunin to Lacan: Anti-Authoritarianism and the Dislocation of Power is a book on political philosophy by Saul Newman, published in 2001. It investigates the essential characteristics of anarchist theory, which holds that government and hierarchy are undesirable forms of social organisation. Newman seeks to move beyond the limitations these characteristics impose on classical anarchism by using concepts from post-structuralist thought. 
By applying post-structuralist theory to anarchism, Newman presents an account of post-anarchism. His post-anarchism is more substantive than that of earlier thinkers, and has influenced later approaches to the philosophy. Released in a climate of an anarchist movement hostile to postmodern philosophy, "From Bakunin to Lacan" was criticised for its poor understanding of and engagement with contemporary anarchism.
Background.
The book was released in the context of the dispute in the newly resurgent anarchist movement between critics of civilisation (primarily anarcho-primitivists exemplified by John Zerzan) and its supporters (notably Murray Bookchin). Although sharply disagreeing on the merits of civilisation, technology and language, both Zerzan and Bookchin derided postmodernism as disempowering the individual and reinforcing the existing order. Another significant factor in the intellectual climate of the book's release was the rediscovery in the 1990s of anarchist theory within academia.
Although foundational work had been done on the philosophy of postanarchism by radical theorists such as Andrew Koch and Todd May, "From Bakunin to Lacan" introduced a slightly different and more substantive formulation of the theory.
Content.
Philosophy professor Todd May asserts that the overall purpose of the book is "to offer a critique of the way power, and specifically political power, is commonly conceived". Newman persistently questions how anarchism can refrain from reproducing the forms of oppression that it strives to overcome.
Newman incorporates concepts from post-structuralist thought such as post-humanism and anti-essentialism into classical anarchism. Unlike May, whose post-anarchism is a combination of the two, Newman attempts to move beyond both anarchism and post-structuralism. He proposes that "by using the poststructuralist critique one can theorize the possibility of political resistance without essentialist guarantees: a politics of postanarchism … by incorporating the moral principles of anarchism with the postructuralist critique of essentialism, it may be possible to arrive at an ethically workable, politically valid, and genuinely democratic notion of resistance to domination".
The book uses the work of French philosophers Michel Foucault, Gilles Deleuze, Félix Guattari, and Jacques Derrida as well as classical anarchist thinkers such as Mikhail Bakunin and Peter Kropotkin, recognizing "proto-poststructuralist" Max Stirner as an important forerunner of postanarchist thought. Newman focuses particularly on the work of Deleuze, Derrida, and psychoanalyst Jacques Lacan.
Reception.
Aimed at an academic rather than anarchist audience, the book was criticised in "" #57 for its unsophisticated, cursory understanding of and engagement with anarchist theory. While praising that section of the book on post-structuralist philosophers, reviewer sasha k claimed that "Newman uses Kropotkin and Bakunin as his stand-ins for anarchism in general, and, in turn, only a few quotes from each to make his case". He questioned whether Newman's attribution of an essentialist conception of human nature to modern anarchists was accurate, concluding that had the book taken "a less one-dimensional view of anarchism", it would have to give up "most of what makes postanarchism post-anarchism. 
"New Formulation" reviewer Michael Glavin cited Newman's ignorance of the initiative of anarchists to decentralize power and of anarchist forms of organisation such as trade unions, federations and affinity groups as evidence that he failed to understand power and wrongly conflated it with domination.
Since the publication of "From Bakunin to Lacan" in 2001, there have been several attempts to develop an account of postanarchism that, while retaining many of Newman's specific conceptions of the anarchistic qualities of radical post-structuralist thought, would take postanarchist theory beyond academic discourse and into broader and more diverse environments, as the originator of postanarchism, Hakim Bey, had intended.

</doc>
<doc id="19638568" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19638568" title="Liga Nacional de Ascenso de Honduras 2008–09 Apertura">
Liga Nacional de Ascenso de Honduras 2008–09 Apertura

The Liga Nacional de Ascenso de Honduras 2008–09 Apertura is the first part of the 2008-09 season in the Honduran second division of football. The champion of this tournament will face the winner of the Clausura tournament to decide who will be promoted to the first division.

</doc>
<doc id="19638571" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19638571" title="Fighting Discrimination">
Fighting Discrimination

The Fighting Discrimination Program of Human Rights First focuses on the violence known as hate crimes or bias crimes. Because equality is a cornerstone of human rights protection, discrimination in all its forms is a violation of human rights. Discrimination can take the form of violence generated by prejudice and hatred founded upon a person’s race, ethnicity, religious belief, sexual orientation, gender, disability, or other such factors. 
Through the Fighting Discrimination Program, Human Rights First seeks to combat discrimination by reversing the tide of antisemitic, anti-immigrant, and anti-Muslim violence and reducing other bias crime in North America, Europe, and the Russian Federation.
In this effort, the Program looks at both the reality of violence driven by discrimination in each country and at two principal ways in which this violence can best be confronted. 
The first is through hate crimes legislation and effective and equitable enforcement of criminal law to protect often vulnerable minorities. The Program's premise is that hate crimes should be treated as the exceptional crimes that they are and prosecuted as such, including with enhanced penalties. 
Second, the fight against discrimination requires the monitoring and statistical reporting of incidents and crimes in which bias is an element – in order to provide analytical tools for policy makers and effective action to confront violence. Official anti-discrimination bodies can play a pivotal role in ensuring that monitoring occurs and effective anti-discrimination policies are then implemented.
Advocacy efforts.
In pursuing policy changes, the Fighting Discrimination Program works in cooperation with nongovernmental organizations throughout Europe and North America and advocates directly with the governments concerned and through intergovernmental organizations, suchas the Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe (OSCE), the United Nations (UN), the Council of Europe (CoE), and the European Parliament (Europarl).
The United Nations: the Fighting Discrimination Program was initiated in the aftermath of the 2001 Durban UN World Conference Against Racism (WCAR), which was attended by senior staff of Human Rights First. Hence, the UN is an important stage for the Program's initiatives. Apart from engaging in various advocacy opportunities at the UN, Fighting Discrimination has also played a role in moving the venue for the Durban Review Conference from South Africa to the Geneva, Switzerland. Human Rights First representatives took part in several Preparatory Committee Meetings and will be present at the Durban Review in 2009.
Over the years, the Fighting Discrimination Program has also been in direct contact with important government officials who deal with the issues of discrimination, hate crime, national minorities, antisemitism, and others. Human Rights First has established good rapport with the offices of the Council of Europe Commissioner for Human Rights, the OSCE High Commissioner on National Minorities, the Chair of the European Monitoring Centre on Racism and Xenophobia, the United States Special Envoy for Monitoring and Combating Antisemitism, and the OSCE Personal Representatives of the Chairman-in-Office on Combating Intolerance and Discrimination (Combating Racism, Xenophobia and Discrimination, Combating Antisemitism, and Combating Intolerance and Discrimination against Muslims), and the Russian Ombudsman for Human Rights.
The Fighting Discrimination often collaborates with other nongovernmental nonprofit organizations based in different countries. Combined advocacy efforts are known to have deeper impact and wider public reach. Some of the FD Program's NGO partners include the Sova Center for Information and Analysis, Amnesty International, Human Rights Watch, Human Rights Without Frontiers, International Service for Human Rights, Freedom House, Union of Councils for Soviet Jews, HIAS, Anti-Defamation League, American-Arab Anti-Discrimination Committee, Romani CRISS, ILGA-Europe, Center for Women's Global Leadership, and many others.
Reports and publications.
Since 2001, the Fighting Discrimination produced several groundbreaking comprehensive reports on hate crime, which were hailed by NGOs, the media, and representatives of governments and intergovernmental organizations. All publications are available for free on the Fighting Discrimination website. Starting in 2007, the program began producing the Annual Hate Crime Survey, supplemented with an online-based Hate Crime Report Card.
Hate Crime Survey
<br>The 2008 Hate Crime Survey by Human Rights First provides the most comprehensive and up-to-date overview of hate crime in the 56 countries comprising the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe (OSCE). The Survey includes sections examining six facets of violent hate crime: Violence Based on Racism and Xenophobia, Antisemitic Violence, Violence Against Muslims, Violence Based on Religious Intolerance, Violence Against Romani, and Violence Based on Sexual Orientation and Gender Identity Bias. 
The Survey also examines government responses to violent hate crimes in sections on Systems of Monitoring and Reporting and The Framework of Criminal Law and includes a Ten-Point Plan for governments to strengthen their responses. The Survey includes an in-depth look at the Russian Federation, Ukraine, and the United States and contains a Country Panorama section that profiles individual hate crime cases from more than 30 countries within the OSCE. 
The Survey's unique and progressive presentation style allows separate chapters to be used as stand-alone reports. Thus, each section can be presented as a report on a particular dimension of bias-motivated violence.
Hate Crime Report Card
<br>The Report Card — updated annually — is a useful web-based resource produced by Human Rights First to monitor government response to bias-motivated violence. Hate crimes have occurred at alarmingly high levels throughout much of Europe and North America. The first Human Rights First Hate Crime Survey documents dozens of hate crime cases, analyzes trends, and discusses the causes and consequences of hate crime violence. The Report Card is an innovative tool that examines hate crime laws and monitoring and reporting systems in the states that comprise the OSCE, regrettably finding that a majority of European governments get a poor grade in their efforts to tackle hate crimes. All 56 countries that comprise the OSCE are rated in the Report Card.
Country Focus
<br>The 2008 Hate Crime Survey also takes an in-depth look at the Russian Federation, Ukraine, the United States, and contains a Country Panorama section that profiles individual hate crime cases from more than 30 countries within the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe.
Recommendations.
The Fighting Discrimination Program's "Ten-Point Plan" for Combating Hate Crime was prepared to reference and guide the 56 participating states of the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe. 
The Ten-Point Plan call the governments to:
"Acknowledge" and "condemn" violent hate crimes whenever they occur. 
"Enact" laws that expressly address hate crimes. 
"Strengthen" enforcement and prosecute offenders. 
"Provide" adequate instructions and resources to law enforcement bodies. 
"Undertake" parliamentary, inter-agency or other special inquiries into the problem of hate crimes. 
"Monitor" and "report" on hate crimes. 
"Create" and "strengthen" antidiscrimination bodies. 
"Reach out" to community groups. 
"Speak out" against official intolerance and bigotry. 
"Encourage" international cooperation on hate crimes. 
A full version of the Ten-Point Plan and specific recommendations to governments are available at the Program's Website.

</doc>
<doc id="19638574" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19638574" title="Paralympic powerlifting">
Paralympic powerlifting

Paralympic powerlifting is an adaptation of the sport of powerlifting for athletes with disabilities. The only discipline in Paralympic powerlifting is the bench press.
The sport is governed by the International Paralympic Committee and is open to anyone with a minimum level of disability who can extend their arms within 20° of full extension during a lift. Powerlifting has been competed at the Summer Paralympics since 1984.
World records.
World records in Paralympic powerlifting are ratified by the International Paralympic Committee.

</doc>
<doc id="19638594" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19638594" title="Territorial Defence Force of the Republic of Bosnia and Herzegovina">
Territorial Defence Force of the Republic of Bosnia and Herzegovina

The Territorial Defence Force of the Republic of Bosnia and Hercegovina (Teritorijalna odbrana Bosne i Hercegovine (TO BiH)) were the first official armed forces of Bosnia and Herzegovina at the beginning of the Bosnian War. Which eventually transformed into the Army of the Republic of Bosnia and Herzegovina.
History.
Teritorijalna odbrana (TO) was the name of a special force in the former Jugoslavian Army. The TO was organized in their respective country with a separate command that of the JNA. The TO was a Civilian Home Guard, roughly like a paramilitary or a reserve military force. The regions of the TO were in charge of mobilization with the help of the local population.
TORBIH in Bosnia.
The TO was the official army of Bosnia and Herzegovina, along with the separate Bosnian military forces formed by Sefer Halilović the Patriotic League (PL). The TO, from 1991 to April 1992, absorbed all units of the PL and districts military formations into the TO, which was eventually transformed at the end of May 1992 into the Army of the Republic of Bosnia and Herzegovina.
Organization.
The TO was organized into 7 regions (two refused to join the TORBIH), each controlling about 12 districts (totaling 73 districts, 36 refused to join). On April 15, 1992 all PL units joined the TORBIH.
At the end of April 1992, the TO was reorganized into 4 regions (Bihać, Sarajevo, Tuzla and Zenica) and two tactical groups that controlled TO, PL and newly formed brigades. The Sarajevo TO was transformed in the general headquarters. There were soon 26 brigades (named after districts).
On 20 May 1992 the TORBIH was renamed The Army of the Republic of Bosnia and Herzegovina.
TORBIH Command.
April 1992 - May 1992.
TORBIH GHQ, Sarajevo
TORBIH Units.
March 1991 - March 1992.
Independent detachments throughout Bosnia all under the control of the TORBiH.

</doc>
<doc id="19638607" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19638607" title="Shawn Green (disambiguation)">
Shawn Green (disambiguation)

Shawn Green may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19638614" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19638614" title="Euroviisut 2008">
Euroviisut 2008

Euroviisut 2008 was the Finnish national selection for the Finnish entry to the Eurovision Song Contest 2008, held in Belgrade, Serbia.
Four semi-final took place before the final, three semi-finals and one "Second Chance" round. In total, 12 artists competed in the contest, each with one song. The song titles for each artist were released in January 2008.
The top two songs in each semi-final directly qualified for the final, while the other two songs were sent to the second-chance round. the top two in this round went to the final along with the 6 winners.
Televoting selected the qualifiers for the final in the semi-finals. The top two songs in each semi-final directly qualified for the final, while the other two songs were sent to the second-chance round. The top two in this round went to the final along with the 6 winners, with the winner of the final being selected through two rounds of televoting: the first round selecting the top 3 songs of the 8, with the second selecting the winner.
The winner was Teräsbetoni with the song "Missä miehet ratsastaa" (Where the men ride), winning with 38.9 percent of the final vote in the final on 1 March 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19638644" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19638644" title="A. D. Williams">
A. D. Williams

Dr. A. D. Williams (November 21, 1933) Originally from St.Louis, MO, Mr. Williams, a former Marine and educator resides in Waukegan, IL where he retired as the Deputy to the Director of Naval Education and Training. He has four children and five grandchildren and one great grand son. He was also an American football end in the National Football League who played for the Green Bay Packers, the Cleveland Browns, and the Minnesota Vikings. Williams was drafted in the third round of the 1956 NFL Draft out of University of the Pacific. He played for 3 years in the NFL, and retired in 1961.

</doc>
<doc id="19638646" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19638646" title="Antiesen">
Antiesen

Antiesen is a river of Upper Austria. It flows for 42 km.

</doc>
<doc id="19638687" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19638687" title="Quartermaster General of the United States Army">
Quartermaster General of the United States Army

The Quartermaster General of the United States Army is a general officer who is responsible for the Quartermaster Corps, the Quartermaster branch of the U.S. Army. The Quartermaster General does not command Quartermaster units, but is primarily focused on training, doctrine and professional development of Quartermaster soldiers. The Quartermaster General also serves as the Commanding General, U.S. Army Quartermaster Center and School, Fort Lee, Virginia and the traditional Quartermaster Corps. The office of the Quartermaster General was established by resolution of the Continental Congress on 16 June 1775, but the position was not filled until 14 August 1775. Perhaps the most famous Quartermaster General was Nathanael Greene, who was the third Quartermaster General, serving from March 1778 to August 1780. The first Quartermaster General to serve in the U.S. Army was Thomas Mifflin of Pennsylvania.
History.
18th Century.
The position of Quartermaster General originated in the Continental Army, under order of Congress. On 16 June 1775, 2 days after the birth of the Army, Congress ordered the creation of both a Quartermaster General and a Deputy Quartermaster General. During this period Quartermaster Generals would be act like chiefs of staff for the commanders of the Continental Army, acting as the prime supplier and businessmen for dealing with civilians, operated and repaired supply lines, which included the roads which they traveled upon, was responsible for transporting troops and furnished all the supplies needed to establish camps when the troops got there.
Upon the establishment of the position, Congress authorized George Washington to appoint the first Quartermaster General. He picked a man from amongst his aides-de-camp, Maj. Thomas Mifflin. Mifflin, an experienced merchant from Philadelphia, proved to be a prime choice, being reappointed several times to the position. They eventually promoted Mifflin to a Colonel in order to retain him in his position.
19th Century.
Fifteen officers held the office of quartermaster general in the United States Army in the nineteenth century. The first of these officers, John Wilkins, Jr., was a major general. Two colonels, James Mullany and George Gibson, jointly held the office between April 29, 1816 and April 14, 1818. The other twelve quartermasters were brigadier generals. From 1860 to the end of the century, the quartermaster general office was held by officers who were to serve or had served in the American Civil War (Civil War).
Brigadier General Joseph E. Johnston held the position from June 28, 1860 until his resignation as quartermaster general and brigadier general, U.S. Army, on April 22, 1861. Johnston was appointed a full general in the Confederate States Army on August 31, 1861. Adhering to the ideology of state's rights, quartermasters of each Confederate state exercised considerable autonomy from their national quartermaster general. Within their jurisdictions, these Confederate officers exercised powers equivalent to the Union quartermaster general. Georgia quartermaster general Ira Roe Foster is, perhaps, the best example of a Confederate quartermaster exercising considerable power over both production and supply within his state. Brigadier General Montgomery C Meigs succeeded Johnston on May 15, 1861. Meigs was born in Augusta, Georgia but adhered to the Union during the Civil War. Meigs served throughout the Civil War and until 1882. He retired on February 6, 1882. Contemporaries such as U.S. Secretary of State William H. Seward and historians have given Meigs's work in keeping the Union Army adequately and timely supplied considerable credit for the Union victory.
For a period of ten days between February 13, 1882 and February 23, 1882, another Civil War veteran, Daniel H. Rucker, was quartermaster general. At the end of his brief tenure, Rucker retired from the U.S. Army. Rufus Ingalls, a brevet brigadier general and quartermaster for all Union Army forces during the Siege of Petersburg succeeded Rucker. Ingalls also had a brief tenure in office, serving between February 23, 1883 and July 1, 1883, when he also retired. Another brevet brigadier general of the Union Army, Samuel B. Holabird, who was chief quartermaster of the Union Department of the Gulf during much of the Civil War, succeeded Ingalls. Holabird was quartermaster general between July 1, 1883 and June 16, 1890. Richard Napoleon Batchelder, quartermaster for II Corps of the Union Army and a recipient of the Medal of Honor, succeeded Holabird. He held the office between June 26, 1890 and July 27, 1896.
Another brevet brigadier general who had served as quartermaster for II Corps before Batchelder, as chief quartermaster of the Cavalry Corps of the Army of the Potomac, as quartermaster during the Red River Campaign and as chief quartermaster for the Military Division of West Mississippi, Charles G. Sawtelle, succeeded Batchelder. He served between August 19, 1896 and February 16, 1897. George H. Weeks, who served as quartermaster with the III Corps of the Union Army and in Albany, New York later in the war, held the office between February 6, 1897 and his retirement on February 3, 1898.
The last quartermaster general of the 19th century was Marshall I. Ludington, who assumed the office on February 3, 1898, three months before the Spanish-American War. Ludington had served as a division quartermaster for the Army of the Potomac. He was criticized for the general unpreparedness of the U.S. Army for the Spanish-American War but he had inherited the general state of unpreparedness of the army, which had been given meager funds and kept small during the long period of peace, except for the small American Indian Wars, after the Civil War. Ludington succeeded in improving the supply situation of the U.S. Army to an adequate state in a matter of months after the start of the war. On April 12, 1903, Ludington was promoted to major general and retired the next day.
20th Century.
On July 30, 1999, Major General Hawthorne L. Proctor was named the 46th Quartermaster General. He was the first African-American to hold the position.
21st Century.
Colonel Gwendolyn Bingham became the Army's first female Quartermaster General when she assumed command of the Quartermaster Corps from Brigadier General Jesse Cross on November 23, 2010. Bingham was promoted to brigadier general in April 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="19638689" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19638689" title="Aschach (river)">
Aschach (river)

The Aschach is a river of Austria. It is a tributary of the Innbach

</doc>
<doc id="19638709" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19638709" title="Country Soul">
Country Soul

Country Soul contains recordings of a prestardom Glen Campbell, which were made around 1960-1961. This album, just like the other Starday album Country Music Star No. 1, was released after Glen Campbell rose to international fame with hits like Gentle on My Mind, By the Time I Get to Phoenix and Wichita Lineman. After a successful lawsuit by Campbell against these releases both albums were retracted.
Track listing.
Side 1:
Side 2:

</doc>
<doc id="19638711" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19638711" title="Innbach">
Innbach

The Innbach is a river in Upper Austria with a length of approximately 53 km (33 mi). Its source is near Gaspoltshofen at the foot of the Hausruck hills and empties into the Danube at Wilhering. Its drainage basin covers 196 km² (76 sq mi). After Gaspoltshofen, the Innbach passes the towns of Kematen am Innbach, Pichl bei Wels and Bad Schallerbach, at the mouth of the Trattnach. Near Eferding, it joins with the Aschach and a few kilometers later flows underneath the Danube Power Station and into the Danube.
Due to its high volume, many mills were once located along the Innbach.
The Innbach is populated with many species of fish, among them: brown trout, brook trout, bullhead, minnow, grayling, gudgeon, rainbow trout, chub, barbel, roach, rudd, spirlin, perch, nase, dace, bleak, carp, bream, burbot, pike, zander, and catfish.

</doc>
<doc id="19638719" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19638719" title="Near-infrared signature management technology">
Near-infrared signature management technology

Near-Infrared (NIR) Signature Management Technology is used to prevent detection of soldiers by NIR Image Converters. 
These photocathode devices do not detect temperatures, but rather infrared radiation variances. NIR-compliant uniforms use a special fabric that allows soldiers to appear at the same radiation level as the surrounding terrain, thus making them more difficult to detect.

</doc>
<doc id="19638739" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19638739" title="Balkumari, Nuwakot">
Balkumari, Nuwakot

Balkumari, Nuwakot is a village development committee in Nuwakot District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2072in 396 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19638748" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19638748" title="Aaron Hayden">
Aaron Hayden

Aaron Chautezz Hayden (born April 13, 1973) is a former running back in the National Football League who played for the San Diego Chargers, the Green Bay Packers, and the Philadelphia Eagles. Hayden was drafted in the fourth round of the 1995 NFL Draft out of the University of Tennessee. He played 4 years in the NFL, and retired in 1998.

</doc>
<doc id="19638751" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19638751" title="Barsunchet">
Barsunchet

Barsunchet is a village development committee in Nuwakot District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 608 people living in 112 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19638755" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19638755" title="Belkot">
Belkot

Belkot is a village development committee in Nuwakot District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 6776 people living in 1247 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19638759" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19638759" title="Všeruby">
Všeruby

Všeruby is the name of several places in the Czech Republic:

</doc>
<doc id="19638770" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19638770" title="Country Boy (Alan Jackson song)">
Country Boy (Alan Jackson song)

"Country Boy" is a song composed and recorded by American country music artist Alan Jackson. It is the third single from his album "Good Time", having been released in September 2008. In January 2009, "Country Boy" became his twenty-fifth Number One hit on the "Billboard" country singles charts, as well as the third straight Number One from the album.
Content.
The song is a moderate up-tempo backed mainly by electric guitar. In it, the male narrator addresses a female, inviting her to climb up into his four-wheel drive truck and telling her that he can take her wherever she wants, because he is a "country boy".
Reception.
Brady Vercher of The 9513 gave the song a "thumbs down" rating. His review called the song "four minutes of triviality that declines to say anything more significant than 'I'm a country boy, I've got a 4 wheel drive…'Country Boy' is the kind of rubbish that would be expected from a new artist trying to prove their questionable country credentials rather than a respected veteran of the genre." His review also compared the song's theme to "Country Man", a Top Ten hit for Luke Bryan in mid-2008: "where ['Country Man'] embraces it’s own absurdity, 'Country Boy' tries to cover it’s own suggestive innuendo." Jeffrey B. Remz of "Country Standard Time" described the song more favorably, saying that despite the song's often-used theme of Southern life, "Jackson can lay claim to being the real deal and not a poseur."
Music video.
In late September 2008, Alan Jackson announced on his official YouTube channel that he was holding a music video contest for "Country Boy". The viewers, or YouTubers, were asked to create a simple video no longer than five minutes driving around with a girlfriend. The contest ended on October 6, 2008, and was won by Clay Ashley, Dan Hair, and Mark Trotter of Sioux City, Iowa. Before the official video, television network CMT aired a live music video which featured Jackson performing the song with Dierks Bentley, Brad Paisley and George Strait on the "CMT Country Giants" special.
Chart performance.
"Country Boy" peaked at Number One on the "Billboard" country charts in January 2009, becoming Jackson's twenty-fifth Number One on that chart and matching George Strait's record for the most Number One hits by a country artist since January 1990, when the charts were first tabulated via Nielsen Broadcast Data Systems (counting only singles that were Number Ones during that timespan).

</doc>
<doc id="19638777" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19638777" title="Annapolis Royal Regional Academy">
Annapolis Royal Regional Academy

Annapolis Royal Regional Academy is a junior high school. It is located in Annapolis Royal, Nova Scotia. Its range is from grades 6-8. There are fewer than 200 students attending Annapolis Royal Regional Academy.
The School.
Annapolis Royal Regional Academy is holding around 170 students. In the year of 2014 the school will be shut down and all students (grade 6 to 8) will be attending Annapolis West Education Centre the current high school of Annapolis Royal. Rumor is that ARRA is being turned into an hospital
School teams.
The after school sports team is the ARRA Royals. The mascot is a lion with a red crown, hence the name "Royal" There are different intramural teams, too. The intramural games are played at lunch. In the past few years they have been starting to change a bit though and might be changed. If changed instead of being class versus class they would be group versus group. These groups would consist of students from all grades. The current classes/teams are: 

</doc>
<doc id="19638811" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19638811" title="Urleni">
Urleni

Urleni is a village development committee in Nuwakot District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3,330 people living in 627 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19638822" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19638822" title="Tupche">
Tupche

Tupche is a village development committee in Nuwakot District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 5462 people living in 968 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19638823" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19638823" title="Okular">
Okular

Okular is the document viewer for KDE SC 4 (although it does not require the full KDE desktop). It is based on KPDF and it replaced KPDF, KGhostView, KFax, KFaxview and KDVI in KDE 4. Its functionality can be easily embedded in other applications.
History.
Okular was started for the Google Summer of Code of 2005; Piotr Szymański was the accepted student.
Okular was identified as a success story of the 2007 Season of Usability. In this season the Okular toolbar mockup was created based on an analysis of other popular document viewers and a usage survey.
Features.
Okular's annotation features include commenting on PDF documents, highlighting and drawing lines, geometric shapes, adding textboxes, and stamps. Annotations are stored separately from the unmodified PDF file, or (since version 0.15 with Poppler 0.20) can be saved in the document as standard PDF annotations.
Text can be extracted to a text file. It is possible to select parts of the document and copy the text or image to the clipboard. Other features include trimming of white page borders and setting of bookmarks.
File format support.
It supports the following file formats:
The official version obeys the DRM restrictions of PDF files by default, which may prevent copying, printing, or converting some PDF files. This can be turned off in the options under "Obey DRM limitations", however.

</doc>
<doc id="19638827" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19638827" title="William Thomas Fitzgerald">
William Thomas Fitzgerald

William Thomas Fitzgerald (13 April 1759 – 9 July 1829) was a British poet.
Life.
Fitzgerald was the son of Colonel John Austen (or Anster) Fitzgerald of the Dutch service and Henrietta Martin, daughter of an Antigua planter and sister of Samuel Martin MP. Fitzgerald's own sister married barrister John Anthony Fonblanque.
Educated at Greenwich, the Royal College of Navarre in the University of Paris and the Inner Temple where his tutor was Vicary Gibbs he married very late in life to Maria Howorth in December 1826. It appears only one of their children was born after this marriage. They were the parents of the Victorian painter John Anster Fitzgerald.
Employed until about 1805 in the Navy pay-office Fitzgerald became subject to 'an asthma' for the last 30 years of his life and suffered from dropsy. These complaints made his movements lethargic. He was long a member of the committee of the Literary Fund and later one of its vice-presidents. A close friend of William Viscount Dudley and Ward whose wife, Julia, also had Caribbean ties Fitzgerald died at Dudley Grove Paddington 9 July 1829 aged 70.
Poetry.
He has been described as "one of the foremost loyalist versifiers of his day". He wrote patriotic poetry during the Napoleonic Wars including "Nelson's Triumph" (1798) and "Nelson's Tomb" (1806).
Byron.
William Cobbett nicknamed Fitzgerald the "Small Beer Poet." Lord Byron mentioned him in the opening line of his "English Bards and Scotch Reviewers":
Byron was mocking Fitzgerald's practice of reciting one of his poems each year, at the annual dinner of the Literary Fund, held at the Freemasons' Tavern. Fitzgerald replied to Byron, though not publicly; in a copy of "English Bards" he wrote:
This copy of the poem somehow came into Byron's possession, and he added a verse reply of his own, dismissing Fitzgerald as a "scribbler."
Fitzgerald was also parodied in the "Rejected Addresses" of James and Horace Smith (1812); indeed, he suffers the sad fate of being remembered for inspiring the satires of Byron and the Smiths, rather than for his own writings.

</doc>
<doc id="19638831" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19638831" title="Thaprek, Bagmati">
Thaprek, Bagmati

Thaprek is a Village Development Committee in Nuwakot District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3585 people residing in 632 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19638835" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19638835" title="New Tactics in Human Rights">
New Tactics in Human Rights

New Tactics in Human Rights Project (New Tactics) is an education program providing resources relating strategies and tactics that can be used by people who seek to advance human rights. These resources have been used by activists in panel discussions, by over 60 local groups for both technical and financial help and for training programs.
New Tactics is a project of the Center for Victims of Torture started in 1999. New Tactics identifies it's efforts as focused on three areas: "creating and sharing information and materials", "training and mentoring" and "building an online community".
New Tactics in Human Rights resources are organized around analysis of potential solutions rather than that of specific issues, geographic regions or target groups that allow activists to clearly recognize the unique elements of their situation, and to seek approaches that have worked elsewhere and apply them to new regions or issues. This technique may also improve activists’ ability to combine diverse tactics into complex strategies.
Methods.
In person training such as regional workshops in which activists train each other in tactics they have used and develop "tactical portfolios" of practical tools for applying new tactics. Seven workshops have been held, the most recent in Liberia in February 2007, focusing on post-conflict tactics for rebuilding civil society.
Publications including the book "New Tactics in Human Rights: A Resource for Practitioners", which offers a conceptual framework for thinking strategically and tactically to promote human rights, and gives dozens of examples of innovative tactics, categorized by the strategic situation in which they were used. Other publications include the Tactical Notebook Series (Liam Mahoney, series editor) created by participants from the regional cross-training workshops, that provide first-person, detailed information on the use of a tactic and how it may be adapted to other situations.
New Tactics developed "Tactical Mapping" a methodology to help identify the relationships surrounding a human rights abuse, and the points in which the system can be interrupted or transformed, ranging from highly local, personal relationships (e.g., the perpetrator’s professional associations) to international institutions (e.g., the United Nations). It allows a coalition of advocates to see where each is working on the system, and where there are gaps that need to be addressed, either by creating new tactics or finding new allies.
Online presence, the New Tactics website has been recognized as a resource for human rights activists. The website provides access to a searchable database with 49 "Tactic Case Studies" and "over 190 specific and successfully implemented human rights tactics and peer-to-peer dialogs with human rights practitioners in more than 130 countries." The project's website also includes online discussion courses, tools for sharing and networking and a monthly discussion, named "Tactical Dialog", of a featured tactic (examples include: unarmed accompaniment; engaging the media; or using historical sites to spark discussion of current issues). New Tactics also publishes an e-newsletter highlighting specific tactics and information for inspiring innovation and the blog "InterTactica" by Philippe Duhamel.

</doc>
<doc id="19638840" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19638840" title="Thansing">
Thansing

Thansing is a village development committee in Nuwakot District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 5951 people living in 1020 individual households.
References.
There are many religious places to visit in Thansing mainly:

</doc>
<doc id="19638843" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19638843" title="Beteni">
Beteni

Beteni is a village development committee in Nuwakot District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3399 living in 657 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19638846" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19638846" title="Water resources management in Uruguay">
Water resources management in Uruguay

The water resources management system in Uruguay has been influenced by the general sense of water as an abundant resource in the country. Average annual rainfall is 1,182 mm, representing a contribution of 210 km3 annually throughout its territory. In 2002, the per capita renewable water resources was 41,065 cubic meters, way above the world average 8,467 m3 in 2006. Uruguay also shares one of the largest groundwater reserves in the world, the Guarani Aquifer, with Brazil, Argentina, Paraguay. The Guarani aquifer covers 1,200,000 square kilometers and has a storage capacity of 40,000 km3.
The institutional framework for water resources management consists of sectoral governmental agencies at the national and regional level. The Water Code, Decree No 14.859 of 1978, establishes the legal framework for water resources management in Uruguay completed by sectoral laws for agriculture, industrial water use, energy production and water supply and sanitation.
Water resources base.
Surface and groundwater resources.
Uruguay has six major watersheds, Uruguay River, Plata River, Atlantic, Merin Lake, Negro River and Santa Lucía River. All watersheds in Uruguay but Santa Lucia share water with other countries such as Brazil and Argentina. Surface water is the main supplier of water for irrigation (87%), domestic (11%) and industrial use (2%). Irrigation is the main water user by watershed, except in the Santa Lucia River (domestic use) and the Plata River (industrial use).
Groundwater resources supply water to some small urban settlements and small and medium scale irrigation systems in the interior. The most important groundwater reserves in Paraguay in terms of capacity are the Guaraní and the Raigon Aquifer. The Guarani aquifer is one of the largest groundwater reserves in the world, covering 1,200,000 km2 throughout Brazil, Argentina, Paraguay and Uruguay. The Guarani Aquifer has a storage capacity of 40,000 cubic kilometers. With an estimated annual recharge rate of 160–250 km3 and more than 40 km3 available for consumption, the Guaraní aquifer could supply daily 300 liters of water per capita to 360 million people.
The neighbor countries are implementing an Environmental Protection and Sustainable Management project together with the Organization of American States and the World Bank.
"Source": Ministerio de Vivienda, Ordenamiento Territorial y Medio Ambiente
Storage capacity.
According to the Food and Agriculture Organization, the Uruguay River and the Negro River have the largest concentration of Uruguay’s big dams, aimed mostly at hydropower generation, with a total storage capacity of 17.3 km3. Large dams in Uruguay include:
Other medium dams for industrial and irrigation purposes are located in the Santa Lucia River (Canelón Grande Dam), Rocha Department (India Muerta Dam) and Minas de Corrales. In addition, there are many small private minor reservoirs throughout the country aimed mostly at irrigation with an estimated storage capacity of 1.4 km3.
Water quality.
The Ministry of Housing, Territorial Organization and Environmental (MVOTMA for its acronym in Spanish) considers that water quality in Uruguay is slowly decreasing due to the release of untreated effluents from industries and cities as well as agricultural runoff. In addition, uncontrolled groundwater use can lead to pollution or overexploitation of aquifers. In the Departments of Canelones and Maldonado, overexploitation has cause sea water intrusion into coastal aquifers and bacterial contamination.
Water resources management by sector.
Drinking water and sanitation.
Uruguay is the only country in Latin America that has achieved quasi universal coverage of access to safe drinking water supply and adequate sanitation. Water service quality is considered good, with practically all localities in Uruguay receiving disinfected water on a continuous basis. 70% of wastewater collected by the national utility was treated. Given these achievements, the government's priority is to improve the efficiency of services and to expand access to sewerage, where appropriate, in areas where on-site sanitation is used.
Water and sanitation coverage in Uruguay (2004)
"Source": WHO/UNICEF Joint Monitoring Programme (JMP/2006). Data for water and sanitation based on the WHO World Health Survey (2003).
Irrigation and drainage.
Uruguay has approximately 181,000 hectares (ha) equipped for irrigation or about 12.8% of the total agricultural land, 1,412,000ha. The private sector has been the main investor of irrigation infrastructure in Uruguay. The public sector has contributed in some irrigation projects such as Canelón Grande (1 100 ha), Colonia España (815 ha), Chingolo, Tomás Berreta (360 ha), Corrales (3 500 ha), Aguas Blancas (125 ha), and India Muerta. Since 1996, the Natural Resources Management and Irrigation Development Project (PRENADER for its acronym in Spanish) has promoted irrigation techniques and built several hydraulic infrastructures such as small dams and groundwater pumping systems aimed at supplying water for irrigation.
Hydropower.
The electricity sector in Uruguay has a strong participation of the public sector. According to 2002 data, energy supply is dominated by hydropower generation (51%), followed by crude oil (34%), wood (11%), biomass (3%) and natural gas (1%). Three hydropower plants on the Negro River and one binational plant with Argentina on the Uruguay River generate most of the hydropower in Uruguay (see above under water storage for a list of the dams). The possibility of building new plants is constrained by Uruguay’s geographic characteristics.
Aquatic ecosystems.
Aquatic ecosystems, especially fisheries, contribute to Uruguayan economic growth. In 2003, fisheries accounted for 0,3% of GDP, 4.6% of total exports –or US$100 million – and employed directly 2,000 and indirectly over 11,000 workers. Most of Uruguayan captures come from the Plata River and the Atlantic Ocean. According to MVOTMA, most of fish species captured for exports are close to maximum sustainable catch.
The neighbor countries are implementing an Environmental Protection and Sustainable Management project together with the Organization of American States and the World Bank. (See video)
Legal and institutional framework.
Legal framework.
The Water Code, Decree No 14.859 of 1978, establishes the legal framework for water resources management in Uruguay. The Water Code grants sole ownership and managerial responsibilities of superficial and groundwater resources to national and municipal government, including the establishment of water user fees. The Water Code however maintains water property rights to private owners issued prior to the enactment of the Water Code, if registered appropriately. Uruguayan government grants water use rights through concessions and permits based on quantity, end purpose, and general interest related to water use.
The Water Code is not an integral piece of legislation. Sectoral laws establish specific provisions for agriculture, industrial, energy production and water supply and sanitation completing the legal framework for water resources management in Uruguay.
Institutional framework.
The National Water Authority in Uruguay is the executive branch of the Uruguayan Government together with the Public Works and Transport Ministry (MTOP for its acronym in Spanish) and the MVOTMA. The executive branch of the Uruguayan government is responsible for designing and implementing the water resources management national policy, granting water user rights, establishing priorities for water use by regions or watersheds giving priority to drinking water, establishing water user fees, and developing the Water Code through regulation. According to the Water Code, the State shall promote the study, preservation and integrated sustainable use of water.
The MTOP, through its National Hydrographic Directorate, is responsible for the operation of the water network, execution of hydraulic works, and management of irrigation systems. The MTOP, through its Hydraulic Division, also engages in the processing of licenses and concessions, and the operation of the National Hydrological Data Bank
The MVOTMA, through its National Environmental Directorate (DINAMA for its acronym in Spanish), is responsible for monitoring water quality as well as protecting water resources against environmental degradation. The MVOTMA is also in charge of supervising infrastructural development vis a vis Uruguayan environmental safeguards as well as granting pollution rights.
The National Directorate for Mining Activities and Geology conducts feasibility studies for groundwater exploration and measures groundwater quantity and quality. The Soil and Water Division of the National Directorate for Natural Renewable Resources is responsible for water and soil management for irrigated agriculture though water quality monitoring and erosion and land degradation control. Finally, the National Water and Sanitation Company (OSE for its acronym in Spanish) is in charge of water supply and sanitation in all Uruguay except in the department of Montevideo which is the Mayor’s responsibility.
Government strategy.
In 1978, the Water Code made the Uruguayan Government responsible for designing and implementing a national water resources policy. However, in 2008 the government is still debating together with public and private stakeholders over the specifics of the National Policy. According to the La Republica University, “despite the existence of a regulatory body like the Water Code, regulations and programs, there is not a defined organizational context or lines of action established by a national water Policy.”
Economic aspects.
Water pricing.
The Water Code of 1978 incorporated the concept of a water fee for the use of public water (art. 3). Later irrigation legislation reiterated the principle of paying for water in Uruguay. However, the Uruguayan Government has not yet established a methodology to determine fees for different users, so that water abstraction from the environment remains free. Recognizing water as an economic good is considered a good practice internationally and is part of the Dublin Statement for Integrated Water Resources Management.
External cooperation.
The World Bank has contributed with Uruguay government in several projects related to water resources management. In the context of the Natural Resources Management and Irrigation Development Project a soil and water management strategy was formulated and implemented to increase, diversify and maintain agricultural production and exports of individual farmers. As a result of the project, over 2,400 farmers made investments to increase by almost 20% the irrigated areas in the country (from 35,000 hectares to a total of 190,000 hectares), where land devoted to irrigated rice crops accounted for almost 77% of the total. Despite the fact that irrigated rice fields still maintain a relatively high importance, the Project decisively supported diversification. The expansion of irrigated rice fields (19,000 hectares) financed by the project was almost fully related to the expansion of cattle breeding systems, a process by which the irrigated rice and forage crops were integrated to the use of the soil in rotation with pastures. In addition, the expansion of irrigated areas for the production of fruits and vegetables supported by the project (16,000 hectares) represented an increase of over 100% regarding the initial area where these products were grown which contributed to a considerable growth in the production of high-value crops and non-traditional exports.
Also, the first phase of the National Water and Sanitation Company (OSE) modernization and systems rehabilitation project was supported by a 27 million US dollars loan approved in June 2000. OSE was able to successfully implement and disseminate an in-house reference system that compares performance of the water utility in 21 cities, on the basis of eight service quality indicators. In addition, the first phase helped improve sewer coverage in another 12 cities of the interior by expanding—according to demand—the sewerage systems. Finally, three new sewage treatment plants were built in the cities of Minas, Treinta y Tres and Durazno, with a total capacity to serve 60,000 users.
The Inter-American Development Bank has recently approved a consultancy service to design a mixed public company to provide stormwater drainage services for Ciudad de la Costa. The IDB was a strong supporter of several water supply and sanitation projects during the 1990s. Some if this eeforts included the creation of a National Sanitation Program, an Urban Recovery Program, and Sanitation to Montevideo and Metropolitan Areas.
The pulp mill conflict with Argentina.
The pulp mill conflict between Argentina and Uruguay is an ongoing conflict between private citizens, organizations, and the governments of these two South American countries about the construction of two pulp mills on the Uruguay River. The Argentinian side of the conflict is concerned about the environmental and social impacts of pulp byproducts as well as the lack of prior consultation of the Uruguayan Gonverment according to the international water sharing treaty signed by both countries. Uruguay, on the other hand, claims that Argentina was informed of the projects, yet the treaty does not require Argentinian's approval to be implemented and that the technology used in the mills would avoid polluting the river.
As a diplomatic, economic, and public relations conflict between both parties, the dispute has also affected tourism and transportation as well as the otherwise amicable relations between the two countries. The feud is unprecedented between the two countries, which have shared historical and cultural ties.
Potential climate change impacts.
The Uruguayan Second Communication to the UNFCCC includes and assessment of the vulnerability of water resources to the likely impacts of Climate Change. The assessment, which is also part of the National Program for Mitigation and Adaptation to Climate Change (PMEGEMA for its acronym in Spanish), states that river basins with high water resources demand and limited hydraulic infrastructure will likely be the systems affected the most by Climate Change. These impacts will be worsened by the lack of an efficient, integrated water resources management system country wide. Also, according to the Second Communication climate scenarios show that “there will be likely an increased demand of water vis a vis supply, but this ratio is far from compromising Uruguay’s water resources, except form the Merin Laggon basin, where current water balance is already stressed.” 
Floods magnitude and frequency is likely to increase due to intense precipitation and land use change, especially around urban areas. Groundwater recharge will also be affected by change on precipitation, although it is not expected to be substantially lower. However, MVOTMA expects an increase in groundwater use in the future due to an increased water demand for irrigation and industrial purposes. Higher demand could increase pressure in already stressed systems such as the Raigon Aquifer and Southern areas where there is a need for groundwater integrated management systems.

</doc>
<doc id="19638852" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19638852" title="Thanapati">
Thanapati

Thanapati is a village development committee in Nuwakot District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3028 people living in 531 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19638858" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19638858" title="Taruka">
Taruka

Taruka is a village development committee in Nuwakot District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4842 people living in 912 individual households.
Taruka is famous for its vegetable production and annual bull fight. The annual bullfight occurs on first day on tenth month (Makar Sakranti) of Nepali calendar.

</doc>
<doc id="19638859" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19638859" title="Ace Loomis">
Ace Loomis

Ace Darl Loomis (June 12, 1928 – September 11, 2003) was a professional American football defensive back and a halfback in the National Football League who played for the Green Bay Packers. Loomis was drafted in the fifth round of the 1951 NFL Draft out of the University of Wisconsin–La Crosse by the Cleveland Browns. He played 3 years for the Packers and retired in 1953.

</doc>
<doc id="19638866" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19638866" title="John Harber Phillips">
John Harber Phillips

John Harber Phillips, AC, QC (18 October 19337 August 2009) was an Australian barrister and an author. He was a judge and also a Chief Justice of Victoria. He was the legal counsel who defended Lindy Chamberlain on a charge of murdering her baby Azaria. His skills as counsel were described as being that of a "very elegant street fighter, swift and deceptive". He was the first Director of Public Prosecutions for Victoria and was also a Director of the National Crime Authority.
Early years.
Phillips was born on 18 October 1933 in Melbourne to parents Anthony Michael and Ivy Muriel Phillips. He attended Presentation Convent and De La Salle College, Malvern and then undertook his tertiary education at the University of Melbourne where he obtained a LLB degree. He undertook his legal articles at the firm of Dooley & Breen solicitors. He was called to the Victorian Bar in 1959 and read with Victor Belson. He became a Member of the Victorian Bar Council in 1974 and continued to be a member of that Council until 1984. He also served as chairman of the Victorian Criminal Bar Association. He became a Queen's Counsel in 1975 and then a member of Middle Temple at the English Bar in 1979.
Legal career.
In 1982 he was engaged to defend Lindy Chamberlain against a charge of murdering her daughter, Azaria. His co-counsel Andrew Kirkham in the trial remarked that Phillips was "one of the best trial lawyers in the country". Phillips was unable to convince the jury of Chamberlain's innocence. As a result of the trial, he lobbied Victorian Premier Jeff Kennett for the introduction of an independent forensics institute in Victoria. His lobbying efforts were successful, although he put down his success as being able to ask Kennett shortly after his elevation to Premier. Phillips went on to become the Chairman of the Victorian Institute of Forensic Medicine at its inception in 1985, subsequently the National Institute of Forensic Science at its inception in 1992.
In February 1983 he became Victoria's first Director of Public Prosecutions. In the following year he was appointed a Justice of the Supreme Court of Victoria, holding that appointment until 1990. In 1990 he was appointed chairman of the National Crime Authority and also at the same time he also was appointed a Justice of the Federal Court of Australia. As head of the National Crime Authority and also Victoria’s Director of Public Prosecutions he worked to improve the efficiency of the Courts.
He was appointed as Chief Justice of Victoria in 1991. Phillips was appointed to the court under Attorney General Jim Kennan. At the time, critics privately labelled Phillips as not being a “legal luminary” and that he had not delivered any “significant rulings “prior to his appointment.
As Chief Justice, Phillips introduced innovations to Victoria's courts. He appointed Australia's first “Courts Media Liaison Committee” in 1993. He also permitted courts to be used in television and film productions, and organised regular workshops for journalists on the legal pitfalls of court reporting conducted by the Courts Information Officer. He also introduced Open Days at the Court in which he personally gave guided tours of the court building.
As Chief Justice, he led what was called the “Spring Offensive”. This offensive involved every judge in the Supreme Court hearing civil cases for a month. The judges worked in teams of ten and disposed of over 1000 cases. The success of that offensive led to another offensive which was termed the “Autumn Offensive” to deal with the remaining backlog of civil cases. He introduced a mediation programme in 1995 and introduced pre-trial management under the “Pegasus Two” programme in 1998 for criminal trials. It was also during his time as chief justice that the Victorian Court of Appeal was introduced in 1995, replacing the Full Court of the Supreme Court of Victoria.
In 1998 he was made a Companion of the Order of Australia (AC) for "services to the law, law reform, literature and the visual arts". In 2002, he was the Inaugural Chairperson of the Judicial College of Victoria, and he was also the chair of Working Party that set the college up. He presided over a ceremony that marked appointment of notaries locally rather than by the Archbishop of Canterbury. Victoria University awarded him an honorary Doctorate of Laws for his "exceptional contribution to the law and law reform" on 5 August 2003.
Retirement.
Phillips retired on 17 October 2003 when he turned 70, which is the compulsory retirement age for judges in Victoria. He was chief justice for 12 years. At his retirement ceremony he remarked upon receiving a summons to serve on a jury that explained about the standard of proof in criminal cases. He quipped to the court that he thought that "he knew that already". His retirement dinner was held in the Queen Hall at the Victorian Parliament House on 17 October 2003. At the dinner, Phillips talked about Italian judge Giovanni Falcone who was murdered in Sicily by explosives placed under a road. Phillips described him as one of his “judicial heroes” rather than legal luminaries such as Garfield Barwick. At the dinner, the Attorney General described Phillips as “a man who thinks before he speaks, who measures his words and makes each one count”.
He was Patron of the Victorian Women Lawyers (VWL) and patron of Australian Greek Welfare. He was appointed provost of the Sir Zelman Cowan Centre at Victoria University, a joint venture with Cambridge University that provides continuing legal education for lawyers. He had written plays, poetry, a biography, a textbook called “Advocacy with Honour” and had also written a book about Australian criminal Ned Kelly. In December 2003 he appeared at Victoria Law School as Ned Kelly in the dramatisation of his play "An Irish Tragedy".
John Harber Phillips died on 7 August 2009, aged 75, after a long illness.

</doc>
<doc id="19638872" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19638872" title="Bhadratar">
Bhadratar

Bhadratar is a village development committee in Nuwakot District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3525 living in 668 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19638875" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19638875" title="National Register of Historic Places listings in Crow Wing County, Minnesota">
National Register of Historic Places listings in Crow Wing County, Minnesota

This is a list of the National Register of Historic Places listings in Crow Wing County, Minnesota. It is intended to be a complete list of the properties and districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Crow Wing County, Minnesota, United States. The locations of National Register properties and districts for which the latitude and longitude coordinates are included below, may be seen in an online map.
There are 33 properties and districts listed on the National Register in the county.

</doc>
<doc id="19638883" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19638883" title="A Lovely Sunday for Creve Coeur">
A Lovely Sunday for Creve Coeur

A Lovely Sunday for Creve Coeur is a one-act play with two scenes by Tennessee Williams.
Plot synopsis.
Set in St. Louis in the mid-1930s, the play focuses on four women struggling for a sense of identity and independence. Dorothea, a deluded Blanche DuBois-like middle-aged civics teacher at the local high school, fantasizes her cad of a beau, school principal T. Ralph Ellis, is really Prince Charming after allowing him to seduce her in the back seat of his car. Her slovenly but good-hearted hard-of-hearing roommate Bodey unrelentingly urges Dottie to strike up a relationship with her portly, fashion-challenged, cigar-chomping twin brother Buddy (who never is seen onstage). Sophie Gluck, a German immigrant manic-depressive mourning the loss of her beloved mother, is another tenant in the building, and Helena is Dottie's upscale and haughty friend and colleague.
Dorothea is planning to leave the crowded, tacky efficiency apartment she shares with Bodey and move in with Helena in order to have a larger and nicer place in which she can entertain the man she believes intends to marry her. Helena arrives to get a check from Dorothea to cover her share of the first month's rent. Dorothea is scheduled to join Bodey and Buddy for their weekly Sunday picnic in Creve Coeur Park, a short trolley car ride away, but she delays her departure, certain Mr. Ellis is going to call. Unbeknownst to her, his engagement to another woman has been announced in the society section of the morning newspaper, which Bodey, anticipating her reaction, has managed to conceal from her. Helena cruelly reveals the news, leaving Dorothea devastated and no longer interested in moving to a more expensive apartment she no longer needs and can't afford. Angered by the sudden change in plans, Helena tells Dorothea she's on a social and cultural level with Bodey and Buddy, and therefore undeserving of her friendship, and stalks out. Dorothea, realizing the unappealing Buddy may be her only chance for love, rushes off to catch him and his sister at the trolley stop.
Productions.
In 1976, Tennessee Williams wrote "Creve Coeur", a one-act play he considered a companion piece to "Demolition Downtown", a short work that had been published in "Esquire" in 1971. Craig Anderson, director of the off-Broadway Hudson Theatre Guild in New York City, read it in 1977 and agreed to stage it. Williams expanded and revised it, and the play, directed by Keith Hack, who had directed a critically acclaimed production of the Williams play "Vieux Carré" in London two years earlier, premiered at the Spoleto Arts Festival in Charleston, South Carolina in June 1978, with Shirley Knight as Dorothea. Mel Gussow of the "New York Times" described it as "tender, poignant and measurably human" but added, "this is still a play in evolution." 
Williams continued to work on the play and changed its title to "A Lovely Sunday for Creve Coeur". Again directed by Hack, with Knight reprising her role, it opened at the Hudson Guild Theatre in January 1979. Reviewing it in the "New York Post", Clive Barnes said, "This is not your usual Tennessee tourist trip" and added, "But it is sweet, honest, compassionate, different and totally enjoyable." The play closed the following month.

</doc>
<doc id="19638887" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19638887" title="Bhalche">
Bhalche

Bhalche is a village development committee in Nuwakot District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2947 living in 624 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19638902" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19638902" title="Budhasing">
Budhasing

Budhasing is a village development committee in Nuwakot District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3113 living in 575 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19638903" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19638903" title="Ned Jenkins">
Ned Jenkins

Ned Jenkins (28 July 1904-8 November 1990) was an international rugby union lock who represented Wales and played club rugby for Aberavon. Like team mate Tom Arthur, Jenkins was an amateur boxer.
Rugby career.
Jenkins joined Aberavon in 1925 at the height of their 'golden era' which saw the team crowned Welsh Club Champions four consecutive years from the 1923/24 to the 1926/27 season. Jenkins would later captain Aberavon for three seasons in the late early 1930s and was part of the joint Neath / Aberavon team that narrowly lost to the 1930 touring South Africans.
Jenkins was first capped for Wales against Scotland on 3 February 1927. In the programme for the match, Jenkins was described as 'the fourth member of the Glamorgan Constabulary on duty today, and not the least clever by any means'. Jenkins played in five Five Nations Championships, including John Bassett's 1931 Championship winning side. Of the 1931 tournament matches, the encounter with Ireland was the most notable, with heavy injuries on both sides as Wales chased the Championship and Ireland the Triple Crown. Jenkins himself suffered a neck injury that caused him some paralysis, though he finished the game on the pitch. Wales won the game 15-3, helped by the fact that Ireland lost Crowe to a concussion in the second half.
Jenkins was also selected to face two touring sides, the 1927 Waratahs and the 1931 South Africans.
International matches played.
Wales

</doc>
<doc id="19638916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19638916" title="Talakhu">
Talakhu

Talakhu is a village development committee in Nuwakot District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3128 people living in 597 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19638917" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19638917" title="Skåla">
Skåla

Skåla may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19638921" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19638921" title="Suryamati">
Suryamati

Suryamati is a village development committee in Nuwakot District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4047.

</doc>
<doc id="19638930" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19638930" title="Celtic sacred trees">
Celtic sacred trees

Almost all kinds of tree found in the Celtic countries have been thought to have special powers or to serve as the abode of the fairies, especially the magical trio of oak, ash, and thorn. Next in rank are the fruit-bearing trees apple and hazel, followed by the alder, elder, holly, and willow. The esteem given different trees varies in different parts of the Celtic world; on the Isle of Man, the phrase ‘fairy tree’ denotes the tramman elder. The obscure medieval Welsh poem "Cad Goddeu (The Battle of the Trees)" has been interpreted as a remnant of Druidic lore, possibly relating to the Celtic tree alphabet ogham found across northwestern Europe.
List of trees.
Oak.
The mighty deciduous hardwood of the oak has played a prominent role in the Celtic imagination from ancient to modern times. The English word ‘druid’ (from the Latin plural druidae) derives in part from the root dru- ‘oak;’ Celtic words for oak, e.g. Old Irish and Modern Irish. dair, Welsh derwen, share the same root. The ancient geographer Strabo (1st century AD) reported that the important sacred grove and meeting-place of the Galatian Celts of Asia Minor, Drunemeton, was filled with oaks. In an often-cited passage from Historia Naturalis (1st century AD), Pliny the Elder describes a festival on the sixth day of the moon where the druids climbed an oak tree, cut a bough of mistletoe, and sacrificed two white bulls as part of a fertility rite. Elsewhere druids made their wands from only three woods: yew, oak, and apple. In Mediterranean culture the oak was sacred to both Zeus and Jupiter, some aspects of which were no doubt transferred to the worship of Gaulish Jupiter. Britons under Roman occupation worshipped a goddess of the oak tree, Daron, whose name is commemorated in a rivulet in Gwynedd. According to the pseudo-history Lebor Gabála ‘Book of Invasions,’ the sacred oak of early Ireland was that of Mugna, probably located at or near Dunmanogoe, south Co. Kildare. Sacred associations of oaks survived Christianization, so that St Brigit's monastic foundation was at Cill Dara, ‘church of (the) oak,’ i.e. Kildare, and St Colum Cille favoured Doire Calgaich ‘Calgach's oak grove,’ i.e. Derry; see also Durrow, darú, from dair magh, ‘oak plain.’ In Welsh tradition Gwydion and Math use the flower of oak with broom to fashion the beautiful Blodeuwedd. When Lleu Llaw Gyffes is about to be killed by Gronw Pebyr, his wife's lover, he escapes in eagle form onto a magic oak tree. A sacred oak tree protects the Breton city of Ys until the feckless boy Kristof removes it, allowing Ys to be engulfed. The Arthurian figure Merlin is imprisoned in an oak tree in the Breton forest of Brocéliande by Viviane/Nimiane (the Lady of the Lake). In both British and Irish fairy lore, the oak is one of three magical woods, along with ash and thorn. Old Irish and Modern Irish is dair; Scots Gaelic, darach; Manx, daragh; Welsh, derwen, dâr; Cornish derowen; Breton, dervenn.
Ash.
The ash tree was a tree regarded with awe in Celtic countries, especially Ireland. The mountain ash, rowan, or quicken tree, a smaller tree of the variety Sorbus aucuparia, is usually considered separately in the Celtic imagination.
There are several recorded instances in Irish history in which people refused to cut an ash, even when wood was scarce, for fear of having their own cabins consumed with flame. The ash tree itself might be used in May Day ( Beltaine) rites. Under the Old Irish word nin, the ash also gives its name to the letter N in the ogham alphabet. Together with the oak and thorn, the ash is part of a magical trilogy in fairy lore. Ash seedpods may be used in divination, and the wood has the power to ward off fairies, especially on the Isle of Man. In Gaelic Scotland children were given the astringent sap of the tree as a medicine and as a protection against witch-craft. Some famous ash trees were the Tree of Uisnech, the Bough of Dathí, and the Tree of Tortu. The French poet who used Breton sources, Marie de France (late 12th century), wrote a lai about an ash tree. The Old Irish for ‘ash’ is nin; Irish, fuinseog; Scots Gaelic, fuinnseann; Manx, unjin; Welsh, onnen; Cornish, onnen; Breton, onnenn.
Apple.
The pome fruit and tree of the apple is celebrated in numerous functions in Celtic mythology, legend, and folklore; it is an emblem of fruitfulness and sometimes a means to immortality. Wands of druids were made from wood either of the yew or of the apple. The Brythonic Avalon in Arthurian tradition in certain medieval narratives, attributing Welsh origin, is translated as "Insula Pomorum"; ‘The Isle of Apples’. One gloss of the name for the magical Irish island Emain Ablach is ‘Emain of the Apples’. In the Ulster Cycle the soul of Cú Roí was confined in an apple that lay in the stomach of a salmon which appeared once every seven years. Cúchulainn once gained his escape by following the path of a rolled apple. An apple-tree grew from the grave of the tragic lover Ailinn. In the Irish tale Echtrae Conli (The Adventure of Connla), Connla the son of Conn is fed an apple by a fairy lover, which sustains him with food and drink for a month without diminishing; but it also makes him long for the woman and the beautiful country of women to which his lover is enticing him. In the Irish story from the Mythological Cycle, Oidheadh Chlainne Tuireann, the first task given the Children of Tuireann is to retrieve the Apples of the Hesperides (or Hisbernia). Afallennau (Welsh, ‘apple trees’) is a 12th-century Welsh narrative poem dealing with Myrddin Wyllt. The Breton pseudosaint Konorin was reborn by means of an apple. The Old Irish word is uball, ubull; Modern Irish. ubhal, úll; Scots Gaelic ubhall; Manx, ooyl; Welsh, afal; Corn. aval; Bret. Aval.
Hazel.
Both the wood and the edible nuts of the hazel have played important roles in Irish and Welsh traditions. Hazel leaves and nuts are found in early British burial mounds and shaft-wells, especially at Ashill, Norfolk. The place-name story for Fordruim, an early name for Tara, describes it as a pleasant hazel wood. In the ogham alphabet of early Ireland, the letter C was represented by hazel coll. According to Robert Graves's pseudo-academic research, it also represented the ninth month on the Old Irish calendar, 6 August to 2 September. Initiate members of the Fianna had to defend themselves armed only with a hazel stick and a shield; yet in the Fenian legends the hazel without leaves was thought evil, dripping poisonous milk, and the home of vultures. Thought a fairy tree in both Ireland and Wales, wood from the hazel was sacred to poets and was thus a taboo fuel on any hearth. Heralds carried hazel wands as badges of office. Witches' wands are often made of hazel, as are divining rods, used to find underground water. In Cornwall the hazel was used in the millpreve, the magical adder stones. In Wales a twig of hazel would be given to a rejected lover.
Even more esteemed than the hazel's wood were its nuts, often described as the ‘nuts of wisdom’, e.g. esoteric or occult knowledge. Hazels of wisdom grew at the heads of the seven chief rivers of Ireland, and nine grew over both Connla's Well and the Well of Segais, the legendary common source of the Boyne and the Shannon. The nuts would fall into the water, causing bubbles of mystic inspiration to form, or were eaten by salmon. The number of spots on a salmon's back were thought to indicate the number of nuts it had consumed. The salmon of wisdom caught by Fionn mac Cumhaill had eaten hazel nuts. Very similar tales related by Taliessin are retained in the Brythonic tradition. Traces of hazelnuts have been found in a 'Celtic' style three-chained suspension bowl discovered in a post-Roman burial dated to 650 CE in London.
The name of the Irish hero Mac Cuill means ‘son of the hazel’. W. B. Yeats thought the hazel was the common Irish form of the tree of life. Old Irish and Modern Irish is coll; Scots Gaelic, calltunn, calltuinn; Manx, coull; Welsh, collen; Cornish, collwedhen; Breton, kraoñklevezenn.
Alder.
The alder, a shrub or tree of the birch family has special implications in Celtic tradition. The alder usually grows in wet ground, with small, pendulous catkins. Alders are especially associated with Bran; at Cad Goddeu, ‘The Battle of the Trees’, Gwydion guessed Bran's name from the alder twigs in his hand. The answer to an old Taliesin riddle ‘Why is the alder purple?’ is ‘Because Bran wore purple’. Bran's alder may be a symbol of resurrection. The name for the boy Gwern, son of Matholwch and Branwen, means ‘alder’. The place-name Fernmag (ang. Farney) means ‘plain of the alder’.
In Ireland the alder was regarded with awe apparently because when cut the wood turns from white to red. At one time the felling of an alder was punishable, and it is still avoided. The alder was thought to have power of divination, especially in the diagnosing of diseases. Alder or yew might be used in the fé, a rod for measuring corpses and graves in pre-Christian Ireland. The letter F, third consonant in the ogham alphabet, was named after the alder. The Old Irish is fern;. Modern Irish is fearnóg; Scots Gaelic, feàrna; Manx, farney; Welsh, gwernen; Cornish, gwernen; Breton, gwernenn.
Elder.
The elder, having clusters of white flowers and red or blackish berry-like fruit, has many associations with the fairy world in oral traditions of recent centuries in Celtic countries. On the Isle of Man, where elder grows abundantly and is called tramman, it is commonly thought of as the ‘ fairy tree’. In Ireland many individual elder trees were thought haunted by fairies or demons. Old Irish is tromm; Modern Irish is trom; Scots Gaelic, troman, droman; Welsh, ysgawen; Cornish, scawen; Breton, skavenn.
Yew.
The evergreen yew with dark green, needle-like leaves and red berries has commonly symbolized immortality in the Indo-European imagination as it is the longest-lived entity, often lasting more than 1,000 years, to be found in the European environment. It is still commonly planted in Christian churchyards and cemeteries. The druids preferred yew for wand-making over their other favourite woods, apple and oak. The name of the Eburones, a Gaulish people residing between the Main and Rhine, means ‘people of the yew’, while several Irish and Scottish place-names allude to the yew, notably Youghall yew wood in County Cork. The Irish personal name Eógan means ‘born of the yew’, so that the great Munster dynasty could be glossed as ‘people of the yew’. According to the foundation story of Cashel, the Eóganacht capital, Corc mac Luigthig has a vision of a yew bush, with angels dancing over it, before settling on the site. One of Conchobar mac Nessa's residences at Emain Macha, Cráebruad, has nine rooms lined with red yew. Suibne Geilt in Buile Shuibhne (The Frenzy of Suibne) rests on yew trees during his flight. When Eógan and Lugaid mac Con are disputing they hear the magical music of the yew tree over a waterfall; the musician is revealed to be Fer Í (man of yew), the son of Eogabal. Wielders of the spear Gáe Assail are sure to kill their victims if they utter the word “ibar” (yew) as they cast. The agnomen of Cáer, the swan maiden, is Ibormeith berry. In oral variants of the Deirdre story, King Conchobar mac Nessa drives yew stakes through the hearts of the dead lovers, which later grow and intertwine near a church. Yet not all stories of the yew imply power or vitality. A rod named fé, made of yew or alder, was used to measure corpses and graves. And Fergus, the hapless brother of Niall Noígiallach (of the Nine Hostages) in Echtra Mac nEchach Muigmedóin (The Adventure of the Sons of Eochaid Mugmedón), signals his sterility when he rescues from a burning forge only the ‘withered wood’ of yew, which will not burn. Old Irish is ibar; Modern Irish, iúr; Scots Gaelic, iubhar; Manx, euar; Welsh, ywen; Cornish, ewen; Breton, ivinenn.

</doc>
<doc id="19638932" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19638932" title="Saxon Oberlausitz Railway Company">
Saxon Oberlausitz Railway Company

The Saxon Oberlausitz Railway Company ("Sächsisch-Oberlausitzer Eisenbahngesellschaft" or SOEG) is a German railway company based in Saxony. It is the owner and operator of the Zittau narrow gauge railway.
History.
The SOEG was founded on 28 July 1994 by the district of Zittau and several neighbouring communities on the Zittau railway. On 15 November 1996 it was given the licence for the narrow gauge line from Zittau to Oybin/Jonsdorf as an official railway operator and railway infrastructure company. On 1 December 1996 responsibility for working the narrow gauge line was finally transferred to the SOEG.
From 2002 to 2003 the SOEG had a stake in the Saxon-Bohemian Railway Company with its headquarters in Seifhennersdorf. 

</doc>
<doc id="19638936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19638936" title="Sunkhani, Nuwakot">
Sunkhani, Nuwakot

Sunkhani is a village development committee in Nuwakot District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2340 people living in 437 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19638941" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19638941" title="Physiotherapists Tribunal">
Physiotherapists Tribunal

The Physiotherapists Tribunal is a tribunal established in the Australian State of New South Wales which deals with appeals and complaints of professional misconduct by physiotherapists. The tribunal generally hears matters after the Physiotherapists Board of New South Wales has made a decision, such as hearing an appeal against the cancellation of a physiotherapist’s registration. The tribunal hears matters in an informal manner in an attempt to do justice in the matter. The tribunal may also conducts inquiries into complaints referred by the Health Care Complaints Commission.
In common with other health professionals in New South Wales, physiotherapists are required to be registered. Boards, such as the Physiotherapists Board, are established to register those health professionals, as well as provide other support services to the public. Tribunals are established to deal with allegations of misconduct and to determine whether a health professional should be suspended or de-registered. In New South Wales, the tribunal is unique, as it is a separate tribunal specially set up for this health speciality. This is in contrast to other Australian States, such as Victoria, which have one super tribunal that deals with all health professionals.
Establishment.
The tribunal is established under section 100 of the Physiotherapists Act 2001 (NSW). The Governor of New South Wales may appoint an Australian lawyer to be the chairperson of the tribunal. The governor may also appoint any number of Australian lawyers to be deputy chairpersons of the tribunal. The appointment can be for up to seven years and the person can be re-appointed again for up to another seven years.
The tribunal has jurisdiction to hear:
When either of these situations arises, the Physiotherapists Registration Board will inform the chairperson of the tribunal of the matter. The Board will also appoint three persons to sit on the tribunal. Two of the persons selected must be registered physiotherapists. Generally the board will select persons who are peers of the relevant person. The other person on the tribunal must be a lay person (i.e. a person who is not a physiotherapist). This latter person is selected from a panel established by the Minister for Health. The chairperson may personally hear the matter or may instead delegate the hearing to a deputy chairperson. The four persons together constitute the tribunal.
The jurisdiction of the Tribunal is protective and its purpose is to protect the public. The object is not punitive and the Tribunal is not there to punish the physiotherapist but is there to maintain proper standards in the profession.
At the hearing.
The members of the tribunal are required to conduct an inquiry to any complaint, matter, application or appeal referred to the tribunal. The chairperson or deputy chairperson must decide when the inquiry is to be heard and must give at least fourteen days notice to the physiotherapist the subject of the inquiry. The chairperson must also give notice to any person who made the complaint, the Department of Health, the Health Care Complaints Commission, and the Physiotherapists Board. Both the person who made the complaint, and the physiotherapist concerned, are entitled to be legally represented if they so wish.
Any inquiry is open to the public, so members of the public or the press are able to observe the proceedings. The tribunal may conduct the inquiry in private if necessary. The tribunal has a range of powers to suppress the publication of information given at the inquiry. For example, the tribunal may prohibit the publication of the names of the witnesses, the complainant or the physiotherapist concerned. Where a person or organisation breaches this requirement, the person or organisation may be prosecuted for a criminal offence. The chairperson or deputy chairman decides all questions of law or matters of legal principle. Their decision is final on the point. In matters of fact or evidence, three of the four members must agree. If the decision is split two-two, then the chairperson or deputy chairperson has the casting vote. Generally the rules of evidence (which the limit the type of evidence which a court can recognise) do not need to be observed in the tribunal. However, because of the serious nature of the proceedings, they are generally heard with a high degree of formality. Witnesses are called, and their testimony is given on oath in the same way that evidence is given in a court of law. The tribunal is empowered to issue summons to compel people to attend the tribunal to give evidence. The tribunal may also direct a written notice for a person or organisation to produce documentation.
Outcomes.
If the tribunal after an inquiry determines the matters proved against the physiotherapist, the tribunal has a number of options available to it. The tribunal may caution or only reprimand the person concerned. It may direct the person to seek medical or psychiatric treatment or counselling. It may order that the person complete an educational course. The tribunal may impose conditions on the continuing practice of the physiotherapist. In extreme cases, the tribunal may order the suspension or removal of the physiotherapist from practising. The tribunal is required to given written reasons of its decision within 30 days of the finalisation of the case. There is a right of appeal in certain circumstances to the Supreme Court of New South Wales against the decision of the tribunal. The tribunal heard one appeal in 2006.
Typical cases in the tribunal.
The decisions of the tribunal are available on the internet beginning with decisions made in 2007. One of the tribunal’s first decisions concerning a complaint against a physiotherapist who found to be guilty of “unsatisfactory professional conduct”. The physiotherapist concerned had been convicted of making false claims for services under Workers Compensation laws in the Local Court of New South Wales. The physiotherapist was reprimanded and suspended for six months and ordered to have ongoing counselling.
Sources.
http://www.parliament.nsw.gov.au/prod/parlment/hansart.nsf/8bd91bc90780f150ca256e630010302c/ca256d11000bd3aaca256ae0000f9bd6!OpenDocument
http://www.physioreg.health.nsw.gov.au/hprb/physio_web/pdf/2007annualreport.pdf

</doc>
<doc id="19638956" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19638956" title="Sundaradevi">
Sundaradevi

Sundaradevi is a village development committee in Nuwakot District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2126 people living in 418 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19638969" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19638969" title="Bungtang">
Bungtang

Bungtang is a village development committee in Nuwakot District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2269 living in 465 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19638977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19638977" title="Charghare">
Charghare

Charghare is a village development committee in Nuwakot District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 5123 living in 934 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19638987" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19638987" title="Dean of Carlisle">
Dean of Carlisle

The Dean of Carlisle is based in Carlisle, UK and is the head of the Chapter of Carlisle Cathedral. There have been 39 previous incumbents and the current holder of the post is '"The Very Reverend Mark Boyling.

</doc>
<doc id="19638991" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19638991" title="Country Music Star No. 1">
Country Music Star No. 1

Country Music Star No. 1 contains recordings of a prestardom Glen Campbell, which were made around 1960-1961. This album, just like the other Starday album Country Soul, was released after Glen Campbell rose to international fame with hits like Gentle on My Mind, By the Time I Get to Phoenix and Wichita Lineman. After a successful lawsuit by Campbell against these releases, both albums were retracted.
Track listing.
Side 1:
Side 2:

</doc>
<doc id="19638992" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19638992" title="Chaturale">
Chaturale

"Chaturale" is a one of the village of Nuwakot District. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 5360 living in 907 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19639001" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19639001" title="Chaughada">
Chaughada

Chaughada is a village development committee in Nuwakot District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 5795 living in 1010 individual households.
Baniyatar ward no.-9 is the great place of chaughada VDC. Most of the educated and social workers stay in this ward. Too many political issue and development program is leading by ward no. 9 people. ward no.3(kalchhe bazar)is the most popular place.people is very helpful and polite. They are believe in unite so Baniyatar is the most important ward of chaughada. 

</doc>
<doc id="19639007" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19639007" title="Slingsby Tandem Tutor">
Slingsby Tandem Tutor

The T.31 Tandem Tutor is a British training glider, designed and built by Slingsby and used in large numbers by the Air Training Corps between 1951 and 1986.
Design and development.
The T.31 was a tandem two-seat development of the T.8 Tutor (RAF Cadet TX.2). The fuselage was based on that of the T.29 Motor Tutor, increased in length and widened slightly; the wings and tail were unchanged. A single T.31A prototype was flown in 1949, followed by the production T.31B, with spoilers and a small additional wing bracing strut.
Operational history.
Chief customer for the T.31B was the Royal Air Force for Air Cadet training; its aircraft were designated as Cadet TX Mark 3. As it was so similar to their existing single-seaters, it allowed easy conversion to solo. The RAF took delivery of 126 TX.3s between 1951 and 1959.
It also found a market with civilian clubs in the UK, although most of these were built from kits and spares, using existing Tutor wings. T.31s were exported to Burma, Ceylon, Israel, Jordan, Lebanon, Pakistan and Rhodesia. In addition, small numbers were built in Argentina, Israel and New Zealand. The T.35 Austral was a one-off development with span increased to 15.64 m (51 ft 3¾ in), sold to the Waikerie Gliding Club in Australia in 1952
After the RAF Cadet TX.3s were replaced by GRP gliders in the mid-1980s, the fleet was sold off, but never gained the same popularity with civilian owners as the side-by-side T.21, being a cheaper glider designed for "circuits and bumps", and only marginally soarable. Some were instead converted to simple ultra-light aircraft as Motor Cadets, with the front cockpit replaced by a Volkswagen or similar engine, and a three-point undercarriage.
Aircraft on display.
Royal Air Force Museum, Hendon.

</doc>
<doc id="19639008" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19639008" title="Chauthe">
Chauthe

Chauthe is a village development committee in Nuwakot District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2759 living in 515 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19639022" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19639022" title="Chhap">
Chhap

Chhap is a village development committee in Nuwakot District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1826 living in 353 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19639023" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19639023" title="Skåla (Sogn og Fjordane)">
Skåla (Sogn og Fjordane)

Skåla is a mountain in the municipality of Stryn in Sogn og Fjordane county, Norway. The mountain is located about east of the village of Loen and about south of the lake Oppstrynsvatn. There are two summits to the mountain, one at and one at above sea level. The latter one is sometimes called "Stryneskåla". Every year there is a race from the village of Loen up the mountain.
Skålatårnet/Kloumantårnet.
The tower at the top of the 1843 m. summit is built from rocks. It is called "Skålatårnet" ("Skåla tower") or "Kloumantårnet" ("Klouman tower"). The construction of the tower was initiated by Doctor Hans Henrik Gerhard Klouman from the nearby village of Innvik. It was built as a means to cure tuberculosis, which was widespread in the late 19th century. The walls in the tower are wide, and there are two floors. Today, the tower is accessible to the public, with 22 beds. It is administered by "Bergen Turlag", a subsidiary of the Norwegian Trekking Association.
Name.
The name of the mountain is the finite form of "skål" which means "scale" or "bowl". In the hillside that faces the lake Strynsvatnet has a large depression in it which is shaped like a bowl.
Skiing.
Skåla is one of the best backcountry skiing mountains in Norway. The trail up is also possible to reach during the winter. It takes about five hours to reach the top and gives you a downhill experience to remember.

</doc>
<doc id="19639032" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19639032" title="Dangsing, Bagmati">
Dangsing, Bagmati

Dangsing, Bagmati is a village development committee in Nuwakot District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2970 living in 566 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19639037" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19639037" title="Deurali, Bagmati">
Deurali, Bagmati

Deurali, Bagmati is a village development committee in Nuwakot District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3844 living in 741 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19639056" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19639056" title="MIBTel">
MIBTel

The MIBTel is a stock market index for the Borsa Italiana, the main stock exchange of Italy.

</doc>
<doc id="19639060" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19639060" title="Dhyangphedi">
Dhyangphedi

Dhyangphedi is a village development committee in Nuwakot District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2570 living in 434 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19639065" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19639065" title="Mostyn Hanger">
Mostyn Hanger

Sir (John) Mostyn Hanger KBE (3 January 1908 – 11 August 1980) was a judge, Chief Justice of Queensland, and Administrator of Queensland.
Early years.
Hanger was born on 3 January 1908 at Rockhampton to parents Thomas Hanger and Myfanwy Granville-Jones. He was the second of five children. He was educated at Gympie High School where his father was the headmaster. Hanger became captain of the school and later dux of the school in 1925. He won a scholarship to attend and study at the University of Queensland where he obtained a Bachelor of Arts in 1929. Later, he obtained a Masters of Law in 1941 from the University of Queensland and lectured in company law at the university.
He married Greta Lumley Robertson at St Andrew’s Presbyterian Church in Brisbane on 8 April 1936.
Wartime Service.
Hanger enlisted in the Royal Australian Air Force on 25 May 1942 and became a flight lieutenant. He served in Merauke in Netherlands New Guinea until 2 May 1945.
Legal career.
After leaving University, he obtained a position as a clerk in the Supreme Court of Queensland. He was called to the Queensland bar on 21 November 1930, although he did not practice as a barrister until 1932.
Hanger was appointed a Kings Counsel in 1950. He was appointed a judge of the Supreme Court of Queensland on 23 July 1953. He was President of the Industrial Court of Queensland between 1962 and 1971. 
He was appointed senior puisne judge in April 1970 to the Supreme Court. He became Chief Justice of Queensland on 12 May 1971. 
While Chief Justice, he was Administrator of Queensland between 9 March 1972 and 21 March 1972 and also between 20 March 1977 and 21 April 1977. He was also appointed deputy governor of Queensland for a time in 1973.
He retired in July 1977 after being chief justice for seven years. He found that he spent less time in court hearing and deciding cases and more time on administration. He said that this "was work which was not to my liking and more and more I found that what had been a pleasure was becoming a chore".
He died on 11 August 1980 at the Brisbane suburb of St Lucia.
Notable Cases.
A decision in which he ruled against re-employing forty five men by Mount Isa Mines Ltd led to an unsuccessful attempt to remove him from the Court. At the time, his wife held shares in the company. The decision was reviewed by the Full Court of the Supreme Court. The Full Court held that Hanger did not need to disqualify himself from hearing the matter as his wife’s shareholding was separate, and that the shareholding was minor in relation to the number of shares issued by the company.
In 1974 he heard the case of Lambert v McIntyre. This case concerned the refusal of a motorist to blow into a breathalyser machine to test whether the motorist had driven after drinking alcohol. The motorist refused to blow and the magistrate which heard the case dismissed it as the motorist refused to blow rather than failing to blow. Hanger discussed the difference on "refusing" and "failing to". He said that "the two words have not the same meaning. One may fail to do something without refusing; one may refuse to do something in words and yet do it." The motorist was found guilty of failing to blow.
In another notable case, Hanger ruled that “compulsory unionism” clauses in industrial awards could not be ordered by the State Industrial Commission.
Honours.
Hanger was appointed a Knight Commander of the Order of the British Empire (KBE) in 1973. 
Opera Australia award the Sir Mostyn Hanger Opera Scholarship each year in honour of Hanger, and Sir Mostyn Hanger Chambers in Southport also bear his name.

</doc>
<doc id="19639068" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19639068" title="Duipipal">
Duipipal

Duipipal is a village development committee in Nuwakot District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 5788 living in 1052 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19639095" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19639095" title="Sikre">
Sikre

Sikre is a village development committee in Nuwakot District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1911 people living in 354 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19639103" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19639103" title="Adolph Bieberstein">
Adolph Bieberstein

Adolph Joseph Bieberstein (December 17, 1902 – December 1981) was a guard in the National Football League who played for the Green Bay Packers and the Racine Tornadoes. Bieberstein played college football at the University of Wisconsin–Madison, and only played one season in the NFL, before retiring after the 1926 season.

</doc>
<doc id="19639111" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19639111" title="Shikharbesi">
Shikharbesi

Shikharbesi is a village development committee in Nuwakot District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3080 people living in 629 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19639137" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19639137" title="Saint Alberts High School">
Saint Alberts High School

Saint Alberts High School is a coeducational Roman Catholic Church mission high school that also provides boarding for students. It is situated in the Mashonaland Central province of Zimbabwe, on the escarpment overlooking the Zambezi Valley in northern Zimbabwe near the Mozambique border. It is above this escarpment which is also popularly known as the Mavhuradonha Mountain range. The Valley below is also known as Dande. St. Alberts is located in a pristine area between Mt Darwin and Centenary, in a region of temperate weather.
History.
1970s.
The school was founded in the 1970s by the Jesuit society of the Roman Catholic Church. In July 1973, Zimbabwe African National Liberation Army (ZANLA) cadres captured 292 pupils and staff from the school and force-marched them north towards Mozambique, where the ZANLA bases were. The march was intercepted by the Rhodesian Security Forces before it crossed the border and all but eight of the children and staff were recovered. The school is presently managed by Father Superior Rongai Chasarira, under the Diocese of Chinhoyi. Other priests who have been at this school include Father Mcabe, Father Chitimbe, Father Banda, Father Nigel Johnson, Father Osker Wermter, Father Christian, Father Murombedzi and Father Chasarira.
The school was closed in the late 1970s at the height of the liberation struggle. It had become a haven for the recruitment of freedom fighters.
1980s.
In 1981, the school was reopened with around 120 students in Form One. The first head-boy in this group was Tapela Juma. He was replaced by Oversee Nyamuchanja. Other headboys who came in were scientist Muchenje, C lever Kabote who did not last long as a headboy as he was removed because he protected some students who were accused of smoking ganja in the hostels. In his place came in Sibarashe Musonza. All these headboys were for the first stream. Headgirls for this stream included Grace, Alice Tumbare, Memory Jonga and deputy Elizabeth Jackson. For the 1982 stream the headboy was Felix Mapfiro and his deputy was Nick Andrews. The headgirl was Barbra Muradzi. Other headboys and headgirls included Lydia Kudziyamira, Agatha Jimu, Lawrence, Christopher Murenga.
St Alberts had teachers whose appreciation of drama and theatre led the school to build theatres not only for the students, but for the surrounding communities. Among these teachers was George Mujajati, who went on to write novels and plays like "Victory" and "The Wretched One". St Alberts won several drama trophies under its teacher and chief drama master Gonzo Habbakuk Msengezi. He became the first writer in Zimbabwe to be pursued by the Secret Police after writing books like "Zvairwadza Vasara" and "The Honourable MP".
St Alberts opened its doors to A-level students in 1987. It started with only arts students, as the school was still in the process of building science laboratories.
The school was involved in agriculture projects, as it had a large student garden. It also kept cattle, pigs and goats. However, a new Roman Catholic Father Superior Father Von Walter who hated the agriculture projects caused the closure of the gardens as a result of conflicts with the headmaster Mtandadzi. Mtandadzi had to leave the school in 1990, becoming an Education Officer. Some of the Headmasters who have been at this school include Chidavaenzi and Donato. The teachers who have passed through include Kavhendekete, Mushonga, C.P. Chabayanzara, Graham Matthews, Henry Chimbiri, George Mujajati, Gonzo Habbakuk Msengezi, Crazymear, Wilkes, Anne Lofthouse, Jude O'Mahony, Mudyanadzo, Mugari, Nyanzira, Guruwo,Mupotaringa, Paul Claes, Goodman Obriponko Asiedu, Weston Chatora (who was the Headmaster when the school launched its A-Levels, he later went on to head St Francis & St Claire school at Guruve where A-Levels were established during his tenure, he is buried near St Alberts at Maripfonde village), Chinyemba, Jonga, Badza Bernard, Maodza, Zhou, Nhengu, Dzapasi, Brinker, Sister Theresa, Edias Pongweni, Chitsungo, Kavhai, Mutsamvi Dennis, Mhandu, Chitsa Farai, Tsinakwadi, Choruma, Magaya, Zowa, Honde, Chihwai, Matondo, Chitsungo, Peter Thomas, Elizabeth Banks, sister Guvheya, Gretitius, G. Gopo.
Houses.
St Alberts has four competing students' houses:
It has three academic classes which go under the names of Zimbabwe's most notable historical persons Nehanda, Kaguvi and Munhumutapa.
Athletic achievements.
The school produced notable basketball players like the tall and gangly Mickey "CIO" Samakomva, Tosiyana "Tosy" Nyika, Charles Kandemiri and Ascenscion Mtandadzi among others.
It also produced great swimmers like Daniel Chidavaenzi, Ascension Mtandadzi, Weston Chitate and others.
Notable soccer players include Shepherd Kadzatsa, Albert Chitopo, Billy Sengweni, Segula, Mainford Vambe, Martin Bherebhende, Austen Tendaupenyu, Isaac Sumbureru, John Zindonda, Gerald "Madhobha" Mutyambizi, Roy Bonga, Kudakwashe Masasi, Kudzai Samkange, Chioniso Kachiwala, Ashford Jaison and Munyaradzi Mushaninga.
St Alberts boasts former National team volleyball players including Ladislous Madziva, Wellington Hwata, the Chinyani twins, Marshal Chibaya, George Baudi and other good players like Calleb Mawele and Tinashe Mashaywmobe. They first qualified for the National Volleyball Finals in 1998 with players like Munyaradzi Mushaninga, Takudzwa Chinyani, Wellington Hwata, Ladislous Madziva, Marshal Chibaya etc. Their better run came in the 2000 Nyanga Volleyball Finals where they lost out in the quarter finals to eventual winners Mufakose High 2 after a thrilling 3 sets match which they lost 2-1. The team consisted of Wellington Hwata, Ladislous Madziva, Marshal Chibaya, Bright Magijani, 'Bobby', Alex Nyakambiro, The Chinyani Twins, Mashayamombe...
It had great netball players like Elizabeth Jackson, Greta Tarambiwa, Martha Mukurunyorova and Mary Mukurunyorova.
It had great sprinters like George Bhobho, Prosper Mtandadzi and Tendai Mutsunge.
The school has many recreational facilities, including a swimming pool, a football field, and Olympic standard volleyball and netball grounds. 
In 1994 most of the students at the school went on a demonstration and walked for 50 kilometres from the school to Mt Darwin demonstrating against what they considered to be deteriorating standards at the school.The leaders of this group included Alois Chimudzi, Richard Juma, Tafadzwa Samuriwo, Morgan Mugawu, Enzilem Makurumidze. Other major demonstrations worth noting were in 1997 and 2003.
Notable alumni.
The school has also produced a number of medical doctors, engineers, accountants and lawyers like Charles Kandemiri, Naison Machingauta, Joyce Siveregi, Osca Hute, Charles Bherebhende, Bridget Tsitsi Chimudzi, Simbarashe Nigel Matambo,Ozias Goredema,Tawanda Matsa,Tonderai Chiwawa,Jefrey Tsvuura,Talent Chaora and others.
Notable faculty.
Father Gregory Xavier Croft S.J. spent most of his working life developing science education at St Ignatius and in Zimbabwe as a whole. He developed some of the best school laboratories for physics, biology and chemistry found in Zimbabwe. He co-authored Science for Zimbabwe, one of the first science textbooks written after independence in 1980.

</doc>
<doc id="19639146" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19639146" title="Samundratar">
Samundratar

Samundratar is a village development committee in Nuwakot District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1859 people living in 364 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19639154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19639154" title="Ev'ry Day of My Life">
Ev'ry Day of My Life

"Ev'ry Day of My Life" is a popular song written in 1954 by Al Jacobs and Jimmie Crane.
The most popular version of the song was recorded in 1972 by Bobby Vinton and released on Epic Records. Vinton reached the #2 spot on the Billboard A/C chart, and #24 on the Hot 100. It was awarded "Most Played Award" for 1972 by the Juke Box Association of America as well. The single release was Vinton's most successful single since the Million selling "I Love How You Love Me" in 1969, and spawned an album "Ev'ry Day of My Life" which also charted on the Billboard 200 Albums chart, peaking at #72. 
Two of the most popular versions of this song were recorded by Malcolm Vaughan and The McGuire Sisters. The Malcolm Vaughan version reached #5 on the UK singles chart in 1955, while The McGuire Sisters version charted at #37 on the US Billboard Hot 100 in 1956.
Other versions have been recorded by Jerry Vale and Bobby Vinton, Vinton's version charting at #24 in 1972.

</doc>
<doc id="19639159" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19639159" title="Samundradevi">
Samundradevi

Samundradevi is a village development committee in Nuwakot District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3965.

</doc>
<doc id="19639173" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19639173" title="Samari, Nepal">
Samari, Nepal

Samari, Nepal is a village development committee in Nuwakot District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4462 people living in 920 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19639183" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19639183" title="Kholegaun Khanigaun">
Kholegaun Khanigaun

Kholegaun Khanigaun is a village development committee in Nuwakot District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4824 people living in 938 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19639184" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19639184" title="2008 AMF Futsal Women's World Cup">
2008 AMF Futsal Women's World Cup

The 2008 AMF Futsal Women's World Cup supported by the AMF was held in Reus, (Catalonia), from September 29 to October 5, 2008. It was organized by the Catalonia Futsal Federation and there were 12 national teams in competition.
Final round.
Day 4.
Places 9-12
Quarter finals
Day 5.
Places 11-12
Places 9-10
Places 5-8
Semifinals
Final day.
Places 7-8
Places 5-6
Places 3-4
FINAL

</doc>
<doc id="19639189" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19639189" title="Khadag Bhanjyang">
Khadag Bhanjyang

Khadag Bhanjyang is a village development committee in Nuwakot District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 5971 people living in 1104 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19639192" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19639192" title="Cetatea Albă County">
Cetatea Albă County

Cetatea-Albă was a county (judeţ) of Romania, in Bessarabia, with the capital city at Cetatea-Albă.
Neighbours.
The county neighboured Odessa Oblast of USSR to the east, the Black Sea to the south-east, the counties of Tighina to the north, Ismail to the south and Cahul to the west.
Administration.
The county consisted of six districts ("plăṣi") : Cazaci, Tarutina, Taslâc (with the seat at Arciz), Tatar-Bunar, Tuzla (with the seat at Cetatea-Albă) and Volinţiri. Between 1918 and 1930 it comprised eight districts:
Coat of arms.
The Coat of Arms featured a tree on the sinister and the fortress of Cetatea-Albă on the dexter.
Population.
According to the Romanian census of 1930 the population of Cetatea Albă County was 340,459, of which 20.9% were ethnic Bulgarians, 20.5% ethnic Ukrainians, 18.5% Romanians, 17.3% Russians 16.3% ethnic Germans, 3.3% Jews, 3.3% Gagauz and 0.1% Armenians. Classified by religion: 79.0% were Orthodox Christian, 16.3% Lutheran, 4.7% Jews.
After 1938.
After the 1938 "Administrative and Constitutional Reform", this county merged with the counties of Lăpuşna, Orhei and Tighina to form Ţinutul Nistru.

</doc>
<doc id="19639197" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19639197" title="Narjamandap">
Narjamandap

Narjamandap is a village development committee in Nuwakot District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4,493 people living in 830 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19639203" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19639203" title="Okharpauwa">
Okharpauwa

Okharpauwa is a village development committee in Nuwakot District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 5572 people living in 1003 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19639212" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19639212" title="Kalikahalde">
Kalikahalde

Kalikahalde is a village development committee in Nuwakot District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3206 people living in 602 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19639223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19639223" title="Nyman Brass">
Nyman Brass

Nyman Brass is a 2006 album composed and produced by Michael Nyman and performed by Wingates Band. It consists of suites from the films, "The Ogre" and "The Libertine", and two additional shorter works: "In Re Don Giovanni", and "Chasing Sheep Is Best Left to Shepherds" from "The Draughtsman's Contract", all arranged for brass.

</doc>
<doc id="19639224" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19639224" title="Panchkanya, Nuwakot">
Panchkanya, Nuwakot

Panchkanya is a village development committee in Nuwakot District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2530 people living in 425 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19639236" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19639236" title="Rautbesi">
Rautbesi

Rautbesi is a village development committee in Nuwakot District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3049 people living in 597 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19639245" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19639245" title="Namida Namida Namida">
Namida Namida Namida


</doc>
<doc id="19639248" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19639248" title="Diablerets Glacier">
Diablerets Glacier

The "Diablerets Glacier" () is a glacier situated on the summit of Les Diablerets in the Bernese Alps. It covers an area of approximatively 1 km2.
The Diablerets Glacier is often confused with the nearby much larger and popular Tsanfleuron Glacier.

</doc>
<doc id="19639261" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19639261" title="Tropical Storm Marco (2008)">
Tropical Storm Marco (2008)

Tropical Storm Marco was the smallest tropical cyclone on record. The thirteenth named storm of the 2008 Atlantic hurricane season, Marco developed out of a broad area of low pressure over the northwestern Caribbean during late September 2008. Influenced by a tropical wave on October 4, a small low-level circulation center developed over Belize. After crossing the southern end of the Yucatán Peninsula and emerging into the Bay of Campeche, the low was declared Tropical Depression Thirteen early on October 6. The depression quickly intensified into a tropical storm and was given the name "Marco" later that day. Marco reached its peak intensity with winds of early on October 7. Around this time, tropical storm force winds extended from the center of the storm, making Marco the smallest tropical cyclone on record. Around 1200 UTC, Marco made landfall near Misantla, Veracruz. The storm rapidly weakened after landfall, dissipating later that day. Due to its small size, Marco caused minimal damage; however, the storm's heavy rains led to floods up to deep that covered highways and damaged homes.
Meteorological history.
Tropical Storm Marco originated in a broad area of low pressure that persisted over the northwestern Caribbean in late September 2008. On October 4, a tropical wave reached the same area, and the system spawned a circulation center over Belize. Development of the low was initially inhibited by its proximity to land. As the system neared the Bay of Campeche, convection quickly developed around the low. At 0000 UTC on October 6, the low was designated as Tropical Depression Thirteen while located over Laguna de Términos. A mid-level ridge located to the north of the depression led to movement in a general west-northwest direction. Forecasters anticipated intensification through landfall because of the storm's well-developed outflow and the low wind shear and high sea surface temperatures in its path. By 1200 UTC, the small cyclone, with a cloud shield no more than across, was upgraded to Tropical Storm Marco.
Favorable conditions for development allowed Marco to quickly intensify throughout the day on October 6. Early on October 7, Marco reached its peak intensity with winds of and a minimum pressure of 998 millibar (hPa; 29.47 inHg) . This was based on a reconnaissance mission into Marco which recorded flight-level winds of which corresponded to a surface wind speed of . Following the quick increase in intensity, forecasters noted the possibility of Marco intensifying into a hurricane before making landfall. The storm maintained a small area of deep convection, averaging in diameter, as it continued moving towards the west-northwest. Shortly after reaching peak intensity, tropical storm force winds extended from the center of Marco. At 1200 UTC, the center of Marco was estimated to have made landfall near Misantla, Veracruz, with winds of . Shortly after making landfall, Marco rapidly weakened, being downgraded to a tropical depression six hours after landfall. The small depression dissipated later that day over the mountains of Mexico.
Preparations, impact and records.
Upon the storm's formation, the Government of Mexico issued a tropical storm warning for the Gulf of Mexico from Tuxpan to Punta El Lagarto. That afternoon the government issued a hurricane watch between Cabo Rojo and Veracruz, and extended the tropical storm warning northward to Cabo Rojo. Officials closed schools ahead of the storm and opened 200 shelters. An estimated 3,000 people were evacuated from low-lying areas along the coast. Soldiers used school buses to transport evacuees to the shelters. Marco formed in the area of Mexico's main oil-facilities, leading to the evacuation of 33 workers from four platforms. Six oil wells and a natural gas processing plant were also shut down in Veracruz. The Mexican Secretariat of Communications and Transportation also closed the ports of Nautla and Alvarado to small vessels as a precautionary measure. In Veracruz and Tampaulipas, ports were closed to small ships for roughly 24.5 days and large ships were restricted to port for roughly five hours.
Upon landfall, heavy rains peaking at in El Pujal, San Luis Potosí and falling at rates up to 1 inch per hour (25.4 mm/h), caused some flooding in coastal towns near Veracruz as people evacuated to higher ground. The rains from Marco worsened flood situations in areas of Mexico already suffering from severe flooding. Officials in Veracruz, in their post-storm damage survey, reported that two rivers, the Quilate and Tenoch, overflowed their banks due to rains produced by Marco. One of these rivers left the towns of Minatitlan and Hidalgotitlan under 10 ft (3 m) of water. Highways along the coast of Veracruz were also flooded. Another 250 homes were flooded when a lake and a river overflowed their banks. Thirteen municipalities within Veracruz were affected by Marco. In Vega de Alatorre, 77 people were evacuated to nearby shelters after their homes were inundated with water. Three landslides were also reported in Misantla Colipa; none of them caused damage. In all, Marco's impact was light; minimal damage was recorded, and none of the estimated 400,000 people affected by the storm sustained injury.
In the wake of Marco, the General Coordination of Civil Protection of the Ministry of the Interior declared a state of emergency for 48 municipalities in Veracruz. Relief goods were distributed to the affected areas by October 9. The Government of Mexico reported that 4,700 blankets, 2,900 mattresses, 5,554 bottles of water (each containing 500 milliliters), 260,000 boxes of milk, 250,000 packages of biscuits, and 12,400 boxes of school supplies had been distributed.
At 0052 UTC on October 7, tropical storm force winds extended from the center of Marco. This made Marco the smallest tropical cyclone ever recorded, surpassing the previous record set on December 24, 1974 by Cyclone Tracy, whose tropical storm-force winds extended . 

</doc>
<doc id="19639266" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19639266" title="Los Baby's">
Los Baby's

Los Baby's are a rock band from Yucatán, Mexico. Their native town of Panabá is close to Mérida, the state capital.
History.
The group began performing together in 1958, at which time it was composed of the four Avila Aranda brothers. They debuted at the "Fantasio" theater in Mérida in 1960, then performed in Belize, where they took the name Los Baby's del Rock. They recorded their first sides for Discos Orfeón in 1959, but the label did not release them until 1962 once rock & roll began to become popular in Mexico. They toured throughout Mexico in the middle of the decade, and around this time they also made numerous appearances in television advertisements. In 1964, they made their first recordings for Discos Peerless, often covering the hits of foreign groups to great success. They became one of the most popular native pop acts in Mexico in the 1960s.
In 1986, the compilation "16 Exitos" (16 Hits) charted in the United States, reaching #15 on the "Billboard" Regional Mexican chart.
Emilio and Armando died in the early 90s, but Carlos and Enrique still tour with Carlos Jr. on drums and guest keyboard and bass players.
Discography.
The group has released some 50 albums, mostly through the label Discos Peerless.

</doc>
<doc id="19639272" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19639272" title="1999 AFC Futsal Championship">
1999 AFC Futsal Championship

The 1999 AFC Futsal Championship was held in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia from 5 March to 10 March 1999.

</doc>
<doc id="19639279" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19639279" title="Ralukadevi">
Ralukadevi

Ralukadevi is a village development committee in Nuwakot District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4238 people living in 818 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19639281" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19639281" title="Fikuri">
Fikuri

Fikuri is a village development committee in Nuwakot District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2371 living in 440 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19639286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19639286" title="Ghyangphedi">
Ghyangphedi

Ghyangphedi is a village development committee in Nuwakot District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2789.

</doc>
<doc id="19639291" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19639291" title="Ganeshthan">
Ganeshthan

Ganeshthan is a village development committee in Nuwakot District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3413 living in 630 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19639300" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19639300" title="Eugene Izzi">
Eugene Izzi

Eugene Izzi (March 23, 1953 – December 7, 1996) was an American crime writer.
Izzi, a lifelong resident of Chicago, set most of his work in that city. He wrote in the classic hard-boiled style made famous by Mickey Spillane and Dashiell Hammett. Despite moderate popularity, he is best known for the unusual circumstances surrounding his death.
Background.
Although few details are known of Izzi's early life, most accounts describe a trouble-prone youth. His father struggled with alcoholism and spent time in prison. Izzi himself dropped out of high school and enlisted in the army. During his military service, Izzi completed his high school equivalency degree. Upon his return to Chicago, Izzi began an ordinary blue-collar life, working at the steel mills on Chicago's south side. Although married with children, Izzi began to drink heavily and acquired his own criminal record. In 1991, Izzi appeared at Barbara's Book Store in Oak Park, Illinois promoting his book "Prowlers". At this book signing, he talked about how he came to writing. After he and his wife had separated due to his depression and hard drinking, he began a swift decline, but he always carried with him his portable typewriter. He reached bottom when he was sleeping in the back room of a barber shop in exchange for cleaning up and helping around the shop. One night he reread what he had been writing over the past months and realized his stories were all self-pitying parodies of his own recent life: a misunderstood man wrongfully rebuffed by the woman he loved. He knew that if he wanted to be a writer, he had to break away from self-pity. He began writing stories about the people of steel mill neighborhoods on the Southeast side of Chicago where he grew up and toiled. He had found his path as a writer. He began to pull his life together and reconciled with his wife.
Writing career.
Izzi began his career as a form of personal therapy, writing during periodic layoffs from the steel mills. His hard work allowed him to repair his relationship with his wife, and quit drinking. After several years of steady rejection, St. Martin's Press published The Take in 1987. Bad Guys followed in 1988 and The Eighth Victim in the same year.
As his book sales increased and the positive reviews continued, Izzi landed a lucrative deal with Bantam Books to publish Tribal Secrets. Bantam provided a substantial advance, expecting the title to rank Izzi alongside contemporaries like Elmore Leonard, Tony Hillerman, Sara Paretsky, and Ed McBain.
Reviews of "Tribal Secrets" were poor, as were sales. Bantam quickly remaindered the title, angering Izzi, who believed the publisher failed to properly market and support his work. The dispute between author and publisher became contentious, eventually resulting in an unusual agreement. Izzi would be allowed to keep his advance, but was forbidden to publish under his own name for the next three years.
Izzi adopted the pseudonym Nick Gaitano and published three novels under that name.
His most successful title was The Criminalist, published posthumously in 1998.
Suspicious Death.
On December 7, 1996, Izzi was found hanged, his body dangling outside the 14th-story window of his writing office in downtown Chicago. When his body was discovered, Izzi was wearing a bulletproof vest. In his pockets, investigators found brass knuckles, a can of "disabling spray" (likely mace or pepper spray), and a computer disc containing an unfinished manuscript.
Although officially ruled to be suicide and his family accepted the coroner's verdict, the strange manner of Izzi's death and unusual items found with his body have led to numerous conspiracy theories. Among these were claims that Izzi had infiltrated a white supremacist group and was planning to detail their activities in a future book. In addition, the bizarre scene is said to resemble one portrayed in the unfinished manuscript.
Bibliography.
All USA publication dates are per Library Of Congress catalog.

</doc>
<doc id="19639302" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19639302" title="Gaunkharka, Nuwakot">
Gaunkharka, Nuwakot

Gaunkharka, Nuwakot is a village development committee in Nuwakot District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2949 living in 505 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19639303" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19639303" title="Manakamana, Bagmati">
Manakamana, Bagmati

Manakamana, Bagmati is a village development committee in Nuwakot District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3047 people living in 604 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19639305" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19639305" title="Shraddha Das">
Shraddha Das

Shraddha Das (born March 4, 1987) is an Indian film actress who has mainly appeared in Telugu films.
Early life.
Shraddha Das was born in Mumbai, Maharashtra to Bengali parents. Her father is a businessman, who hails from Purulia, her mother is a housewife. She was brought up in Mumbai, where she completed her studies. Shraddha graduated from University of Mumbai at SIES College of Commerce and Economics with a Bachelor of Mass Media degree in journalism.
Career.
Shraddha Das made her acting debut in 2008 with the Telugu film "Sidhu from Srikakulam". She thereafter starred in a number of Telugu films, including "Target", "18, 20 Love Story", "Diary" and "Adhineta", which all proved to be critically and commercially unsuccessful. She played the other female lead in the remake of "Maro Charitra" produced by Dil Raju, opposite Varun Sandesh. Due to her appearances in the sequels of "Arya" ("Arya 2"), "Mantra" ("Diary") and "Chandramukhi" ("Nagavalli"), Shraddha Das acquired the nickname "sequel queen".
She landed a lead role in Sai Om Films' maiden venture "Lahore", directed by Sanjay Puran Singh Chauhan. Shraddha played a Pakistani character in the film, cast opposite Aanaahad, and received critical acclaim for her performance. The film was released in March 2010 and won awards at the 42nd WorldFest-Houston International Film Festival. Her second Hindi film was "Dil Toh Baccha Hai Ji" that released in 2011. In the next two years she appeared in one film each, "Hosa Prema Purana" and "Dracula 2012" which were her Kannada and Malayalam debut, respectively.
In 2014, she made her Bengali debut with The Royal Bengal Tiger. In her upcoming venture, "Rey", she plays an American pop singer. She has stated that her role in the film "is almost on par with that of the hero" and that "There's a certain amount of eccentricity in my character". She has completed filming on two Bollywood films — "Lucky Kabootar" and "Chai Shai Biscuit" and is working on "Zid" produced by Anubhav Sinha.

</doc>
<doc id="19639306" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19639306" title="Adolph Kliebhan">
Adolph Kliebhan

Adolph E. Kliebhan (August 14, 1897 – March 13, 1963) was a quarterback in the National Football League who played for the Green Bay Packers. Kliebhan only played one year in the NFL before retiring in 1921.

</doc>
<doc id="19639311" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19639311" title="Salme, Nepal">
Salme, Nepal

Salme is a village development committee in Nuwakot District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1678 people living in 355 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19639312" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19639312" title="Gerkhu, Nuwakot">
Gerkhu, Nuwakot

Gerkhu, Nuwakot is a village development committee in Nuwakot District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 6198 living in 1114 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19639325" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19639325" title="Ratmate">
Ratmate

Ratmate is a village development committee in Nuwakot District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2997 people living in 567 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19639328" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19639328" title="Gorsyang">
Gorsyang

Gorsyang is a village development committee in Nuwakot District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3412 living in 637 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19639332" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19639332" title="Advertising Standards Authority (New Zealand)">
Advertising Standards Authority (New Zealand)

The Advertising Standards Authority (ASA) is an organisation that investigates breaches of advertising standards in New Zealand.
In 2008 there is a total of $2.3 billion spent on advertising in New Zealand. These advertisements attracted 671 complaints to the ASA with 153 being upheld or settled. Of the remainder 140 were not upheld, 317 were judged as lacking grounds to proceed and 61 were withdrawn.

</doc>
<doc id="19639336" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19639336" title="Jiling">
Jiling

Jiling is a village development committee in Nuwakot District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 5503 living in 1006 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19639337" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19639337" title="Madanpur, Bagmati">
Madanpur, Bagmati

Madanpur, Nepal is a Village Development Committee in Nuwakot District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 7995 people residing in 1334 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19639340" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19639340" title="Kakani">
Kakani

Kakani is a settlement in the Nuwakot District of the Bagmati Zone in central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census, the Kakani village development committee administered a population of 7816 living in 1343 individual households. 
As one of the most accessible settlements from Kathmandu over 2000 meters, this hill station hosts a British Gurkhas welfare bungalow (photo at left) and a number of hotels. The village is also home to a memorial park to the victims of Thai Airways International Flight 311.
A notable local industry is strawberry farming. With the assistance of a United Nations Development Programme project, a local farmers' cooperative now produces close to 250 000 kg of the fruit per year.

</doc>
<doc id="19639342" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19639342" title="Mahakali, Bagmati">
Mahakali, Bagmati

Mahakali, Bagmati is a village development committee in Nuwakot District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3443 people living in 635 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19639348" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19639348" title="Kalibas">
Kalibas

Kalibas is a village development committee in Nuwakot District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3708 living in 671 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19639354" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19639354" title="Likhu, Bagmati">
Likhu, Bagmati

Likhu, Bagmati is a village development committee in Nuwakot District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2549 people living in 499 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19639356" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19639356" title="Debunkify">
Debunkify

Debunkify is a campaign established in July 2006 aimed at dispelling tobacco and secondhand smoke misperceptions. A mobile marketing tour, complete with a Debunkify-branded vehicle and a team of brand ambassadors, canvassed the state of Ohio on a 10-month run, with the aim of debunking tobacco myths and correcting tobacco misperceptions at each of its stops.
Two key components of the Debunkify Tour included "Smokescreen", which allowed smokers and those who considered themselves "social smokers" to see the effects of smoking and their likelihood of long-term addiction, and "Sound Off", which provided audience members a forum to speak their minds about tobacco misperceptions and the impact on Ohio’s tobacco addiction.
Beginning in January 2007, 21 some Ohio-based bands toured the state for seven months as part of the "standTunz Myth Farewell Tour". Each Debunkify-branded event consisted of musical performances by participating standTunz bands, an appearance by the Debunkify Mobile Tour and free Debunkify gear. Events were staged at bars and music venues frequented by young adults in order to target the 18-24 year-old demographic.
Throughout June 2007, 17 participating standTunz artists battled it out online for a chance to play at the Myth Farewell Tour Main Event. For five weeks, Ohioans cast nearly 15,300 votes at debunkify.com for their favorite tobacco-free Ohio band. As a result, Kate Voegele and Jackson Rohm from Cleveland headlined the Main Event on July 14 at the Newport Music Hall in Columbus. The MFT Main Event served as the final event to the 10-month mobile tour and the seven-month Myth Farewell Tour.
Together, the Myth Farewell Tour and the Debunkify Mobile Tour reached more than 55,000 youth and young adults.

</doc>
<doc id="19639359" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19639359" title="Kalyanpur, Bagmati">
Kalyanpur, Bagmati

Kalyanpur is a village development committee in Nuwakot District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 5503 living in 979 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19639362" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19639362" title="Saxon Steam Railway Company">
Saxon Steam Railway Company

The Saxon Steam Railway Company ("Sächsische Dampfeisenbahngesellschaft mbH" or SDG), formerly the BVO Bahn, is a German railway company in Saxony, that operates several Saxon narrow gauge railways. The SDG is a subsidiary of the BVO Verkehrsbetriebe Erzgebirge GmbH ("BVO") and the Verkehrsverbund Oberelbe ("VVO").
History.
The "BVO Bahn" was founded in 1998 when the Deutsche Bahn AG wanted to get rid of the narrow gauge Fichtelberg Railway ("Fichtelbergbahn") from Cranzahl to the spa resort of Oberwiesenthal. On 4 May 1998 they took over the route. In order to gain more customers for this hitherto unprofitable line, daily steam locomotive services were implemented particularly to attract tourists. Initially it was even intended to extend the line to nearby Annaberg, but this plan could not be realised for financial reasons. 
Since 2004 the SDG has also operated the Lößnitzgrund Railway ("Lößnitzgrundbahn") from Radebeul to Radeburg. This route is particularly well known for its heritage trains that have run on Sundays and public holidays since 1974 and for the tourist attractions along the line, including the Karl-May Museum at Radebeul, and the hunting castle of Moritzburg.
The third Saxon narrow gauge railway that was taken over by the then "BVO Bahn", is the Weisseritz Valley Railway ("Weißeritztalbahn"). This line was however destroyed in several places by the floods of 2002. It was partially reopened in 2008, but full reopening is now in doubt because of budgetary cuts.
In accordance with the decisions of the "VVO" of 4 June 2007, Weißeritz district procured the route and the SDG took over the operation. At the same time the VVO took a 35% share in the SDG, because the Chemnitz city council insisted that the activities of companies formed by local communities should be restricted to a partnership role. The subsequent renaming of the "BVO Bahn" to the "Saxon Steam Railway Company" took place on 9 May 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="19639365" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19639365" title="Kaule, Bagmati">
Kaule, Bagmati

Kaule, Bagmati is a village development committee in Nuwakot District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2976 living in 605 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19639366" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19639366" title="Lachyang">
Lachyang

Lachyang is a village development committee in Nuwakot District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3633 people living in 720 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19639374" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19639374" title="Kharanitar">
Kharanitar

Kharanitar is a village development committee in Nuwakot District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1524 living in 298 individual households.
Kharanitar is a small village with small number of population comparing to other Village Development Committee.There are different group of caste like Shrestha, Uprety, Kandel, Khanal, Tiwari, Sitaula, Nepali, Bishokarma, Bania, Chaulagian, Sudedi, Silwal etc.

</doc>
<doc id="19639375" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19639375" title="Kumari, Nepal">
Kumari, Nepal

Kumari is a village development committee in Nuwakot District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 6458 people living in 1132 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19639388" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19639388" title="Kintang">
Kintang

Kintang is a village development committee in Nuwakot District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2204.

</doc>
<doc id="19639391" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19639391" title="Glacier 3000">
Glacier 3000

Glacier 3000 (officially Gstaad 3000 AG) is a company that operates several cable cars and ski lifts in the region of the Diablerets in western Switzerland. It was created in 1997 by the merging of two former companies (Reusch - Cabane des Diablerets SA, Téléphériques Pillon – Glacier des Diablerets SA). The company is now based in Gstaad.
The main cable car was opened in 1964 and rebuilt in 1999. It connects the Col du Pillon (1,546) from the Scex Rouge (2,950 m). The company also operates ski lifts on the Tsanfleuron Glacier.

</doc>
<doc id="19639421" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19639421" title="Gideon Barnard">
Gideon Barnard

Gideon Barnard (born 8 February 1980) was a South African cricketer. He was a right-handed batsman who played for South Western Districts. He was born in Port Elizabeth.
Barnard made a single appearance for the team, during the 2006-07 season. Batting as an opener, Barnard partnered Sammy-Joe Avontuur to a first-wicket partnership of 149 runs. Although South Western Districts won the game by an innings margin, Barnard was not picked again for the team.

</doc>
<doc id="19639443" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19639443" title="Kenfig Hill RFC">
Kenfig Hill RFC

Kenfig Hill Rugby Football Club is a rugby union team from the village of Kenfig Hill, South Wales. Kenfig Hill RFC presently play in the Welsh Rugby Union Division Three South West League. The club is a member of the Welsh Rugby Union and is a feeder club for the Ospreys. The club fields a First, Seconds, Youth and Junior teams.
A club was first founded at Kenfig in 1897, though not taking the name Kenfig Hill RFC at the time. In 1914 the club, like many teams in the area, went into liquidation, but reformed after the First World War, playing from Croft Goch Playing Fields.
Kenfig Hill RFC has seen several players progress to represent Wales and the British Lions, including Welsh captain, Jack Bassett.

</doc>
<doc id="19639447" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19639447" title="Charlotte Mary Brame">
Charlotte Mary Brame

Charlotte Mary Brame (usually known as Charlotte M. Brame, last name sometimes mistakenly given as Braeme; appeared under pseudonyms in America, notably Bertha M. Clay, and was sometimes identified by the name of her most famous novel, Dora Thorne) (November 1, 1836 - November 25, 1884) was an English novelist.
She was born in Hinckley, Leicestershire, to Benjamin and Charlotte Agnes Law, devout Roman Catholics. After attending convent schools in Bristol and Preston and a finishing school in Paris, she worked as a governess before marrying Phillip Edward Brame (1839–1886), a London-based jeweler, on January 7, 1863. The couple had nine children, of which four lived to adulthood. Since Brame was a poor businessman and a drunkard, Charlotte found herself forced to support the family with her writing. Her books were very successful with the public, but her earnings were severely diminished by piracy, particularly in the United States. The family lived in London, Manchester, and Brighton before returning to Hinckley, where she died in 1884. She owed money at her death, and her children were taken into guardianship; her husband committed suicide in May 1886.
Her biographer, Gregory Drozdz, writes:Her stories appeared in popular weekly publications such as "Bow Bells", the "London Reader", and the "Family Herald". She was incredibly prolific, writing somewhere in the region of 130 novels during her lifetime. Charlotte Brame's fiction was invariably set in English country houses... Against this milieu, she reworked the theme of love in all of its multifarious aspects—old love, young love, jealousy, suspicion, misalliance, and improvident marriage. High morals such as honour, a sense of duty, and self-sacrifice are lauded as the greatest of virtues. The books also contain strong descriptive passages, some of which are drawn from her associations with Leicestershire... Her literary endeavours, in a male-dominated field, her works of charity, and her personal stamina and resilience, in the face of family tragedy and ill health, represent a triumph in adversity.

</doc>
<doc id="19639460" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19639460" title="Robin Bush (historian)">
Robin Bush (historian)

Robin James Edwin Bush (12 March 1943 – 22 June 2010) was the resident historian for the first nine series of Channel 4's archaeology series "Time Team", appearing in 39 episodes between 1994 to 2003. He also presented eight episodes of "Time Team Extra" in 1998.
Early life.
Bush was born in Hayes, Middlesex. His father was originally a schoolmaster and then a training college lecturer in Mathematics. Bush attended Exeter School in Devon between 1950 to 1962, and it was here aged 13 that he first became interested in historical research while studying the school's history. His first two research papers were published by the Devonshire Association before he left school. He won a Trevelyan Scholarship, followed by a Stapledon Exhibition and later still a State Scholarship, to read History at Exeter College, Oxford (1962–65), taking his BA in Modern History in 1965 and an MA in 1984. Among his contemporaries at Oxford were the poet Craig Raine, the journalist Tariq Ali, the Marquess of Hartington and the psephologist Professor Ivor Crewe. A keen amateur actor, he also appeared on stage at the Oxford Playhouse with Monty Python actor Terry Jones.
Historian.
In 1965 he was appointed assistant archivist at Surrey Record Office at Kingston upon Thames before moving to Somerset Record Office in 1967 where he spent the rest of his working life. From 1970 to 1978 Bush was assistant editor of the "Somerset Victoria County History", writing much of the content of three of its volumes. Later he returned to the Record Office as Deputy County Archivist until taking early retirement in 1993.
Bush wrote his first book in 1977, and produced volumes on the history of Taunton, Exmouth and Wellington, followed by a series of books on the county of Somerset. He researched emigration from the South West of England to New England between 1620 to 1645, which led to the publication of three further books in Ohio. Bush has made six speaking tours to the United States, during one of which he met President George H. W. Bush at the White House. In 1987 he explained Somerset's archives to HM the Queen and the Duke of Edinburgh. From 1984 to 1996 he had a weekly spot on BBC Radio Bristol and then BBC Somerset, on which he told stories of local history and folklore.
Television appearances.
Bush became involved with the "Time Team" programmes through his long friendship with Mick Aston when Aston was Somerset's first county field archaeologist. Aston had previously discussed the idea of devising an archaeological television programme with Tony Robinson, and a pilot episode was set up. Through helping to devise the programme's format with producer Tim Taylor, Bush was invited to take part in the pilot which was shot at Dorchester-on-Thames in October 1992. Although the pilot programme was never screened, the idea was good enough to persuade Channel 4 to commission a four programme series of "Time Team", which was filmed in 1993 and broadcast the following year. 
Bush also appeared in Channel 4's series "Joe Public", for which he researched the loss of a hat jewel by Henry VIII. Bush appeared regularly as resident historian on "Revealing Secrets" (55 episodes) for Multi Media, transmitted on Channel 4 on weekdays from 26 March to 4 July 2001.
As a solo presenter Bush filmed a series of six half-hour programmes entitled "The West at War", broadcast in 2005, which examined the impact of war on the South West of England from Roman times to the present day for ITV Westcountry.
Personal life.
Bush lived in Taunton with his wife, Hilary Margaret Marshall, whom he married in 1993. By an earlier marriage to the late Iris Maude Reed he had two grown-up children, Catherine and Alexander, and two granddaughters (by Catherine) – Lauren Knight and Esme Knight. He was Chairman of the Somerset Archaeological and Natural History Society (1983–84), then President of Taunton Amateur Operatic Society (TAOS), 1985–2009. He performed regularly in amateur dramas, musicals and grand opera productions throughout West Somerset, and in 1991, 1994 and 1997 he helped to judge the grand finals of the World Public Speaking and Debating Championships.
Political life.
From May 1997 until June 2009 Bush served as a Liberal Democrat member of Somerset County Council, serving as Chairman of the Council from 2001 until 2005. He was also Vice Chairman of the County's Information and Leisure Board (1998–2000) and Vice Chairman of the Community, Leisure and Information Review Committee (2000–2001), Chairman of the Regulation (Planning) Committee (2005–07) and Chairman of both the Somerset Cultural Forum and Somerset Cultural Executive (2003–09). Bush was Vice Chairman of the South West Museums Council (1998–2000) and served as a Board Member of Culture South West, Arts Council England South West and the South West Museums, Libraries and Archives Council. 
He was a Member of the Council and Court of the University of Bristol and of the Courts of the University of Bath and the University of Exeter. He was one of four Patrons of Wessex Actors Company, with the Marquess of Bath, Lord Tom King and the late Ned Sherrin, 2002 to 2010. Bush was also Patron of Apple AM : Taunton Hospital Radio, which serves the patients of Musgrove Park Hospital, Taunton. He was President of the Somerset Art Gallery Trust and the Somerset Youth Partnership, and Vice President and Trustee of the Somerset Community Foundation.
Robin Bush died on 22 June 2010 after a long period of illness.
Works.
Recordings.
Double audiocassettes of Robin Bush retelling "Tales of Old Somerset" (1995), Halsgrove Productions, Tiverton, Devon.
Compact Disc of "Aesop's Fables, a Choral Cycle", verse libretto by Robin Bush, composer Douglas Coombes' (Lindsay Music, 2001).

</doc>
<doc id="19639471" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19639471" title="Mark Lee (right-handed pitcher)">
Mark Lee (right-handed pitcher)

Mark Linden Lee is a former Major League Baseball pitcher. Lee pitched in all or part of four seasons from until , the first two for the San Diego Padres and the last two for the Pittsburgh Pirates. He is currently the manager for the Amarillo Sox of the American Association of Independent Professional Baseball. 

</doc>
<doc id="19639482" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19639482" title="Shooting at the 1988 Summer Olympics – Women's 10 metre air pistol">
Shooting at the 1988 Summer Olympics – Women's 10 metre air pistol

Women's 10 metre air pistol made its first Olympic appearance at the 1988 Summer Olympics. It was a high-class competition, where 19-year-old Nino Salukvadze, who had won the 25 metre pistol competition two days earlier, set a new world record in the qualification round, with 390 of 400 points. Jasna Šekarić was still able to enter the final only one point behind, and won it to become the first Olympic air pistol champion. Lieselotte Breker, third in the qualification round with 386, started out the final with a 0.0 and was then never in contention for the medals; Marina Dobrantcheva won the bronze medal.
Qualification round.
OR Olympic record – Q Qualified for final – WR World record
Final.
OR Olympic record – WR World record

</doc>
<doc id="19639496" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19639496" title="Russia national futsal team">
Russia national futsal team

The Russian national futsal team () is the national futsal team of Russia. The team is controlled by the Football Union of Russia and affiliated with UEFA. Sergey Skorovich is currently managing the team. 
Russia qualified for four World Cups, 1992, 1996, 2000, 2008 and for every edition of European Championship.
History.
Beginning.
Russia's FIFA Futsal World Cup history began inauspiciously in 1992, when a poor defensive record of 16 goals conceded in three matches meant elimination at the group stage. A dramatic turnaround in Spain four years later saw the Russians claim an impressive third spot with a 3-2 success over neighbours Ukraine in the deciding match. Russia's most recent appearance on the world stage came at the 2000 finals in Guatemala, where they took fourth after a 4-2 defeat to Portugal in the third-place play-off. At the UEFA Futsal Championship in late 2007, a new generation picked up the thread of previous FIFA Futsal World Cup performances and finished third, gaining revenge over Portugal for a defeat at the same stage in 2000.
Recently.
Russia was drawn in a group of three nations in qualifying for the FIFA Futsal World Cup Brazil 2008, but after France withdrew at the last minute, the berth in the next round was decided in a single eliminator against Serbia. The Russians duly won 3-2 to book a play-off spot with Belarus, one of the surprise packages at the group stage, but the experience of three appearances at the FIFA Futsal World Cup finals told in the end as the Russians eased to a 6-2 aggregate win. Much of the credit goes to keeper Pavel Stepanov for conceding only four goals in three matches. At the final tournament, Russia was drawn in Group A along with Brazil, Japan, Cuba and Solomon Islands. Losing against Brazil and winning the other three games, Russia finished second and qualified for the Second Round. This time Russia was drawn in Group F together with Spain, Argentina and Paraguay. After losing to Spain in the opening match, Russia went on to win against Paraguay and draw with Argentina to scrape through to set up a semi-final against Brazil. However, Russia was unable to past Brazil and eventually they had to content with the fourth place after losing out to Italy in the Third place playoff final.
Players.
Current squad.
The following players were named for UEFA Futsal Euro 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="19639503" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19639503" title="Bonnie Consolo">
Bonnie Consolo

Bonnie J. Consolo (October 12, 1938 - December 27, 2005), née Bonnie Jean Pflug, was a Kentucky native and motivational speaker who was born without hands or arms. Consolo was the third of five children born to Wendell & Ruby (Sorrell) Pflug, and the only one with born with a disability in the family. 
Consolo was raised on her parents' farm in rural Kentucky, and graduated from high school in Frenchburg, Kentucky. Consolo tried artificial arms; however, she found them uncomfortable and never acclimated to them. She married Frank Consolo in 1966 near Hayward, California.
Consolo's life captured the attention of the American media in the 1970s when the independent documentary film "A Day in the Life of Bonnie Consolo" was released in 1975. At the time, Consolo was a housewife living in Columbus, Ohio with her husband Frank and their two young sons, Mark and Matthew. The film received an Academy Award nomination on February 12, 1976 for Live Action Short Film.
The release of the film led Mike Wallace of CBS's "60 Minutes" news program to interview Consolo for the program. During the interview Consolo was shown tending for her children and driving (her automobile was not modified for her disability) while doing errands, and shown preparing food and cooking the family meal while seated on a stool, using her feet to wash and peel vegetables. Because of ideas about what those with disabilities were thought unable to do, the scene of Consolo cooking was considered a revelation to the viewing public. When queried by Wallace about what she thought viewers would think of a woman handling food with her feet, Consolo quickly countered that she washed her feet more frequently than most people washed their own hands. The episode concluded with film of Consolo driving Wallace to Port Columbus International Airport in her Cadillac.
Following its initial airing, the segment became one of the program's most popular interviews, and went on to become one of the show's most heavily requested repeat segments. Wallace would later say that Consolo was one of his most unforgettable people during his time on "60 Minutes".
Consolo undertook public speaking appearances talking about her experiences in life, and speaking on the rights of those with physical limitations.
Consolo later divorced her husband and returned to her native Kentucky where she completed her college education, earning a BA degree in psychology from Morehead State University. In 1986 she married Ronald M. Duncan in Montgomery County, Kentucky. In 1993 she self-published her autobiography, "Bonnie, an Autobiography".
Bonnie J. Consolo died in Lexington, Kentucky on December 27, 2005. Her ashes were scattered in the Red River Gorge.

</doc>
<doc id="19639510" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19639510" title="Steve Alperin">
Steve Alperin

Steve Alperin is best known as a media executive, producer, and writer at ABC News. Alperin is the Chief Business Officer of the news outlet Vocativ, which was launched in 2013 and has established a significant partnership to provide programming to the cable news network MSNBC. He served as Peter Jennings's head writer and producer for most of the ABC anchor's last decade at the helm of World News Tonight. According to The New York Times, Alperin is part of the team leading Rupert Murdoch's new tablet news organization.
Foley Scandal.
Alperin was later the editor in charge of ABC's website when it broke the scandal involving Congressmen Mark Foley and sexually explicit emails to underage congressional pages. 
The Foley story and its evolution are cited as important moments in the use of the internet to further investigative reporting at a major news organization.
The Investigative Reporters and Editors Association said the following in recognizing the story for an award: 
Acting on information that other mainstream news organizations downplayed or ignored, ABCNews.com broke the first stories of Rep. Mark Foley's inappropriate behavior with congressional pages and relentlessly drove the coverage as it widened into a full-blown congressional scandal. In doing so, these journalists demonstrated the power and speed of the Internet as a tool for reporting and disseminating national news. As new angles developed, ABC expanded on its website exclusives with nightly broadcast reports, a synergistic alliance that set a model for other media outlets.
The ABC anchorman Charles Gibson was quoted as saying he initially didn't think the story was suitable for his program because of its explicit content and the low profile of the subject. 
Some debate still exists about the timing of the story only a few months before the 2004 mid-term elections, and to what degree the scandal suppressed turnout.
Awards.
Alperin is the recipient of two awards from the Writers Guild of America, including one for the feature "Reagan's Funeral".
External links.
http://lostremote.com/msnbc-teams-up-with-digital-startup-vocativ-for-deep-web-storytelling_b41290
http://digiday.com/publishers/vocativ-uses-data-combat-publisher-sameless/

</doc>
<doc id="19639601" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19639601" title="Big Bottom Farm">
Big Bottom Farm

Big Bottom Farm is a farm in Allegany County, Maryland, USA on the National Register of Historic Places. The Greek Revival house was built "circa" 1845, possibly by John Jacob Smouse, and exhibits a level of historically accurate detailing unusual for the area. The property includes a late 19th-century barn and several frame outbuildings.
History.
Located in the town of Dickens in Allegany County, Maryland, Big Bottom Farm's central farmhouse was built in the mid-19th century by John Jacob Smouse, whose family owned land in the county around Evitt's Creek.
Description.
Big Bottom farm includes a number of farm buildings dating from the 19th century and early 20th century. The oldest of these is the brick farmhouse itself, built with a number of features influenced by Greek Revival architecture. It has two stories, five bays, and a gable roof, with a two floor extension in the rear with two additional bays. A later extension added on this rear wing added a third bay. The front of the building is decorated with Flemish bond brickwork, with a centerpiece Greek Revival-influenced porch over a first floor door. A door from the second floor opens onto the top of the porch. This porch has fluted Doric columns, a dentiled cornice, and an iron railing surrounding its flat roof. It shades a four-panel door edged by transom and sidelights.
There was likely a two-story porch on the rear extension as well when the house was originally built, but it has since been enclosed. The windows are 6/6 sash and have louvered shutters. Each gable end of the building is topped by a brick chimney. Inside, it has a central stair hall with a large room to either side, and is decorated with mid-19th-century Greek Revival woodwork, consisting largely of symmetrical molding, fluted in the main parlor, with mantles of flat pilasters supporting deep shelves. Aside from the farmhouse, the farm includes a late 19th-century barn, a machinery shed, a corn crib, a wash house, and two chicken coops.
Significance.
The Farm was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984. The core structure of its farmhouse is typical of farmhouses in western Maryland, but the Greek Revival touches make it unique among such buildings in Allegany County. Its detailing is largely intact.

</doc>
<doc id="19639615" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19639615" title="Margot Gayle">
Margot Gayle

Margot McCoy Gayle (May 14, 1908 – September 28, 2008) was an American historic preservationist and author who helped save the Victorian cast-iron architecture in New York City's SoHo district.
Life and career.
Born in Kansas City, Missouri she earned an undergraduate degree from University of Michigan and a master's degree in bacteriology from Emory University. She met her husband, William T. Gayle, in Atlanta. They moved to New York, where she wrote for CBS Radio, then worked as a freelance writer and public relations executive. Gayle wrote an architecture column for "The Daily News" for 16 years. In 1957, she made an unsuccessful New York City Council bid and got divorced.
Gayle helped preserve the Jefferson Market Courthouse in the 1960s. In the wake of the destruction of Pennsylvania Station, she helped lobby for passage of a preservation law. She founded Friends of Cast Iron Architecture in 1970, which led to the establishment of the SoHo-Cast Iron Historic District. She received the General Tools Award, the highest award of the Society for Industrial Archeology, in 1997.

</doc>
<doc id="19639642" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19639642" title="Brooklyn Book Festival">
Brooklyn Book Festival

The Brooklyn Book Festival is an annual book fair held in Brooklyn, New York. It was begun in 2006 by Brooklyn Borough President Marty Markowitz, who wanted to showcase the "Brooklyn voice" in literature, as numerous authors reside in the borough. However, in subsequent years the fair has expanded its scope and hosted many non-Brooklyn writers, including Joan Didion, Dennis Lehane, John Reed, Rosanne Cash and Dave Eggers.
Unlike most book fairs, the Brooklyn Book Festival caters to the adult readership, although they also feature numerous activities and readings for children. In 2009, attendance reached 30,000. Also in 2009, St. Francis College established a biannual Literary Prize worth to support a mid-career writer. The winner of the prize is announced by a panel of authors during the Brooklyn Book Festival every other year in September.
The festival includes themed readings, panel discussions, vendors, and author signings. The 2013 festival will be Sunday, September 22, at Brooklyn Borough Hall, with "bookend events" elsewhere in the borough from September 16-22.

</doc>
<doc id="19639647" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19639647" title="Denovan Ekstraal">
Denovan Ekstraal

Denovan Ekstraal (born 18 February 1987) was a South African cricketer. He was a right-handed batsman and a right-arm medium-fast bowler who played for South Western Districts. He was born in Oudtshoorn.
Ekstraal made a single first-class appearance for the team, during the 2006-07 campaign, against Kei. As a tailender, Ekstraal did not get a chance to bat as the team's first-innings allocation was limited to just 85 overs. Ekstraal conceded just one run from the three overs he bowled in the first innings of the game, while in his second innings of bowling, he took 3-12 from seven overs.

</doc>
<doc id="19639684" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19639684" title="Haku, Nepal">
Haku, Nepal

Haku, Nepal may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19639704" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19639704" title="Eduardo Guadamud">
Eduardo Guadamud

Eduardo Francisco Guadamud Braulio (born June 11, 1986) is an Ecuadorian weightlifter.
At the 2008 Pan American Weightlifting Championships he won silver in the 94 kg category, with a total of 355 kg.
He competed in the 94 kg class at the 2008 Summer Olympics, but did not finish.

</doc>
<doc id="19639717" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19639717" title="Tara Hunt">
Tara Hunt

Tara Hunt (born in Saskatoon, Saskatchewan, Canada) is an author, speaker and startup founder. She has been called a "pioneer in online marketing and one of the most respected authorities on online communities".
Biography.
Hunt obtained a degree in Communications and Cultural Studies at the University of Calgary. In 2002, she founded a small marketing brand called "Rogue Strategies." She moved, along with her business, to Toronto, Ontario before moving to San Francisco in 2005. She co-founded Citizen Agency in San Francisco, a now-defunct community-marketing consulting firm.
Hunt was hired by the San Francisco based visual search engine Riya to lead their marketing efforts. In June 2006, Hunt coined a movement of "post-cluetrain" marketing called "Pinko Marketing". Pinko Marketing picked up where The Cluetrain Manifesto left off, changing the focus from company to consumer marketing to consumer-to-consumer marketing.
She was named one of the most influential women in tech by Fast Company in 2009, as she is an early leader of "user generated conferences" such as BarCamp and is considered to be one of the founders of the co-working movement.
Hunt was one of the lead bloggers on the popular Canadian online portal One Degree.
She wrote "The Whuffie Factor", published in April 2009. The title of the book refers to the reputation-based currency of Cory Doctorow's science-fiction novel, 'Down and Out in the Magic Kingdom'. Along with the humorous metaphor implied by the title, the book gives practical guidance for online and social media marketing. The Whuffie Factor has been translated into French and Portuguese. In May 2010, it was reprinted in paperback in May 2010 with the title "The Power of Social Networking: Using the Whuffie Factor to Build Your Business ".
Hunt speaks at a variety of conferences and events such as SXSW Interactive (2008, 2009, 2011), the MESH conference (2006) and TEDxConcordia (2011).
In 2010, along with Co-Founders Jerome Paradis and Cassandra Girard, Hunt launched Buyosphere, formerly known as Shwowp, a social site which lets users organize and share buying trends with others.

</doc>
<doc id="19639720" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19639720" title="Ramche">
Ramche

Ramche may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19639741" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19639741" title="Saramthali">
Saramthali

Saramthali may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19639759" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19639759" title="Talent portfolio management">
Talent portfolio management

Talent Portfolio Management involves deciding what resources to include in the portfolio given the goals of the business and the changing economic conditions. Selection involves deciding what resources to acquire, how many resources to acquire, under what terms, when to acquire each, and what resources to divest. 

</doc>
<doc id="19639760" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19639760" title="Jeff Bittiger">
Jeff Bittiger

Jeffrey Scott Bittiger (born April 13, 1962) is a former relief pitcher for the Philadelphia Phillies, Minnesota Twins, and Chicago White Sox of Major League Baseball. He pitched four seasons in the major leagues, from until . He is currently a player personnel consultant for the Fargo-Moorhead RedHawks.
Amateur career.
Bittiger attended college at Jersey City State University and Seton Hall University in the off seasons, and was drafted by the New York Mets out of high school in the 7th round of the 1980 draft on June 3.
Professional career.
New York Mets system.
Bittiger briefly played third base in the minor leagues before being converted into a full-time pitcher in . Thereafter, he languished in the minor leagues until January 16, 1986 when the Mets traded him to the Philadelphia Phillies.
Phillies.
Bittiger broke into Major League Baseball as a starter for the Philadelphia Phillies in 1986. He notably got a home run in his first at bat as a player for the Phillies. He started only three games for the Phillies, and had a 5.70 ERA in 14 IP. He played for the Phillies until December 8, 1986, when he was released. He was signed by the Atlanta Braves just 12 days later on December 20, 1986, but was released by that organization April 4, 1987. On April 15, he signed with the Minnesota Twins.
Twins.
In 1987, Bittiger pitched infrequently for the Minnesota Twins, first as a starter, then as a middle man. He pitched one inning in the Twins loss to the Kansas City Royals, giving up two hits and one earned run. The Twins went on to beat the Royals and eventually win the World Series in October 1987. The Twins released him after the season on November 12, 1987, and on January 22, 1988 he was signed by the Chicago White Sox.
White Sox.
The next year, 1988, Bittiger played for the Chicago White Sox, pitching in a career high 25 games, and starting seven of those. In his seven starts Bittiger went 2-4, and had no decision the other game. His ERA for 1988 was 4.26 in 61 IP. The next year Bittiger pitched in only two major league games, starting one, which he lost. His ERA for the year was 6.85 in 9 IP. After the season, Bittiger was traded to the Los Angeles Dodgers for Tracy Woodson, but he never pitched in the majors again. He continued to pitch in the minor leagues until 1995 before retiring at age 33.

</doc>
<doc id="19639776" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19639776" title="Tsugaru Railway Company">
Tsugaru Railway Company

The , or , is a railway company that provides transportation services in western Aomori Prefecture, Japan. The company operates the Tsugaru Railway Line, which connects Tsugaru-Goshogawara Station in the city of Goshogawara with Tsugaru-Nakasato Station in the town of Nakadomari in Tsugaru Peninsula. The company also operates, through subsidiary operations, taxi services. It is headquartered in the city of Goshogawara. It should not be confused with the JR East Tsugaru Line.
History.
The Tsugaru Railway was founded by former shareholders of the Mutsu Railroad (the forerunner to the JR East Gonō Line) on February 24, 1928 after that line was nationalized and became part of the Japanese Government Railways system. The new privately held Tsugaru Railway connected Goshogawara (present Tsugaru-Goshogawara Station) with Kanagi Station on July 15, 1930 and was extended to its present terminus, Nakasato Station (present Tsugaru-Nakasato), on November 13, 1930. Transit bus operations began on November 13, 1934. The bus subsidiary, Tsugaru Bus Company, was sold to the Kōnan Bus Company in 1955.
Rail operations.
The Tsugaru Railway Line is a (Class 1 Railroad Operator), operating twelve stations over a route connecting Goshogawara with Nakasato. The line also runs a number of antique carriages equipped with coal-burning stoves in wintertime as tourist attractions.

</doc>
<doc id="19639785" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19639785" title="Happy, Horny, Gay and Sassy">
Happy, Horny, Gay and Sassy

Happy, Horny, Gay and Sassy is an EP released by Screeching Weasel in 1992 on 7-inch vinyl. All songs were recorded live in the WFMU Studios by Dave Parasite on January 2, 1992, and broadcast live over WFMU Radio in East Orange, New Jersey . This limited edition pressing of 300 copies was a re-release of the EP "Snappy Answers To Stupid Questions" adding a second single-sided record with 3 additional songs recorded at the same session. This is the only officially released Screeching Weasel recording which has not been made available on CD as part of a compilation. It is also the band's only release to feature Gub (Scott Conway) on bass guitar.
Tracklisting.
All songs written by Ben Weasel except when noted.
Record 1 
Side A
1. My Right
2. The Science Of Myth
Side B
1. Jeannie's Got A Problem With Her Uterus
2. I Was A High School Psychopath (Danny Vapid)
3. Danny Is A Wimp (Joe King)
Record 2
Side A
1. My Brain Hurts
2. I Wanna Be A Homosexual (Ben Weasel/Danny Vapid/Jughead)
3. Don't Turn Out The Lights
Personnel.
Ben Weasel- vocals
Jughead- guitar
Danny Vapid- guitar, backing vocals
Gub -bass
Dan Panic -drums

</doc>
<doc id="19639802" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19639802" title="Borden Mines Superintendent's House">
Borden Mines Superintendent's House

The Borden Mines Superintendent's House was built in 1850 in Frostburg, Allegany County, Maryland. The Italianate style villa was built for Albert C. Green, first superintendent of the Borden Mining Company, one of the oldest mining companies in the United States. The frame house, with its three-story tower was one of the first of this style to appear in Allegany County.

</doc>
<doc id="19639808" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19639808" title="Suspicions about the Hidden Realities of the Air">
Suspicions about the Hidden Realities of the Air

Suspicions about the Hidden Realities of the Air is a book on alchemy by 17th Century philosopher Robert Boyle. It was written in 1674 concerning ideas about the agency of the air in chemical reactions. Air at this time was considered homogenous, empty and inactive.
I have often suspected, that there may be in the Air some yet more latent Qualities or Powers differing enough from all these, and principally due to the Substantial Parts or Ingredients, whereof it consists.
For this is not as many imagine a simple and elementary body, but a confused aggregate of 'effluviums' from such differing bodies, that, though they all agree in constituting by their minuteness and various motions one great mass of fluid matter, yet perhaps there is scarce a more heterogeneous body in the world.
Although his research and personal philosophy clearly has its roots in the alchemical tradition, Boyle is largely regarded today as the first modern chemist, and therefore one of the founders of modern chemistry. It was by examining the part played by the air in processes of calcination and burning that men at last became able to give approximately complete descriptions of these processes, which led to the gradual scientific rejection of Phlogiston.
Among Boyle's more popular works is "The Sceptical Chymist", seen as a cornerstone book in the field of chemistry.

</doc>
<doc id="19639819" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19639819" title="SS Schenectady">
SS Schenectady

The SS "Schenectady" was a T2-SE-A1 tanker built during World War II for the United States Maritime Commission.
She was the first tanker constructed by the Kaiser Shipbuilding Company shipyard at Swan Island in Portland, Oregon. The keel of the "Schenectady" was laid on 1 July 1942, the completed hull launched on 24 October, and she was declared completed on 31 December, six months after construction began and two and a half months ahead of schedule.
Hull fracture.
On 16 January 1943, she was moored at the fitting dock at Swan Island, in calm weather, shortly after returning from her sea trials. Without warning, and with a noise audible for at least a mile, the hull cracked almost in half, just aft of the superstructure. The cracks reached down the port and starboard sides almost to the keel, which itself fractured, jackknifing upwards out of the water as the bow and stern sagged to the bottom of the river. Only the bottom plates of the ship held. This was not the first of the war-built merchant fleet to fracture in this way – there had been ten other major incidents, and several more would follow – but it was perhaps the most prominent; it occurred in full view of the city of Portland, and was widely reported in the newspapers even under wartime conditions.
The cause of the fracture was not fully understood at the time; the official Coast Guard report gave the cause of failure as faulty welding, whilst the Board of Investigation considered factors as diverse as "locked-in" stresses, sharp changes in climate, or systemic design flaws. Defective welding became the most common explanation for these incidents, especially when later investigations uncovered faulty working practices at some yards, but even then it could only be clearly identified as the case in under half of all major fracture cases. Later research indicated that the failure method was probably a brittle fracture, caused by low-grade steel. This would become highly brittle in cold weather, exacerbating any existing faults and becoming much more liable to fracture.
Later service.
She was repaired and successfully entered service in April 1943. 
Details of her exact service are unclear, but it is known that she sailed from California on June 10, 1944, possibly for service as a fleet oiler. During the next year, she sailed to Australia, the Persian Gulf, New Zealand, the Marshall Islands, then Curaçao, back through the Panama Canal to the Marshall Islands, the Caroline Islands, the Admiralty Islands and finally Ulithi, before returning home to San Pedro, arriving on May 20, 1945. She participated in battle engagements in the Marshall Islands and at Ulithi.
Following the war, she was transferred to the National Defense Reserve Fleet in July 1946. In 1948, she was sold to the Diodato Tripcovich Shipping Corporation in Trieste, and renamed as "Diodato Tripcovich". She was finally scrapped in Genoa in 1962.

</doc>
<doc id="19639827" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19639827" title="Nuevo Vallarta">
Nuevo Vallarta

Nuevo Vallarta is a planned residential-resort community located in Mexico, in the state of Nayarit. It is about fifteen minutes north of Puerto Vallarta's Licenciado Gustavo Díaz Ordaz International Airport by automobile. Nuevo Vallarta receives many tourists from both the United States and Canada, and has many malls and stores that accept payment in either Mexican pesos or U.S. dollars.
History.
The federal government began this project over twenty years ago. The community is currently home to luxury villas and estates that include canals lined with tropical gardens, each with private docking piers.
The area also offers new deluxe resort amenities on more than 0.005 miles of white sandy beach. The marina development features a 3,000-slip state-of-the-art marina and Padi 1-Star Career Development Dive Center. Also, condominiums are available to visitors and residents alike.
Between 1980 and 1990, Nuevo Vallarta’s population increased from 57,028 to 111,457 inhabitants. A new marina is under construction, and the constructors have fifteen long-term lease programs. The construction consists of the removal of existing docks, pilings, and ramps in order to build six new docks with 230 mooring spaces ranging from 22’ to 130’ long.
Fauna and climate.
In winter, the Caguama Turtles lay their eggs on the beaches of Nuevo Vallarta. Caguama turtles have been in danger of extinction since 1978. Some people steal the turtle eggs and cook them; the police are trying to stop these illegal acts by taking the turtle eggs to a safe place with biologists and environmentalists who can take care of them.
The climate is hotter and wetter than in Puerto Vallarta. The annual average temperature is and in the summer months the high temperatures can reach .

</doc>
<doc id="19639834" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19639834" title="2008 MLS Cup Playoffs">
2008 MLS Cup Playoffs

The 2008 MLS Cup Playoffs were the postseason to Major League Soccer's 2008 season, and culminated with MLS Cup 2008 on November 23, 2008 at The Home Depot Center in Carson, California.
Format.
At the 2008 season's end, the top three teams of each conference made the playoffs; in addition the clubs with the next two highest point totals, regardless of conference, were added to the playoffs. In the first round of this knockout tournament, aggregate goals over two matches determined the winners; the Conference Championships were one match each, with the winner of each conference advancing to MLS Cup. In all rounds, the tie-breaking method was two 15-minute periods of extra time, followed by penalty kicks if necessary. The away goals rule was not used.
Bracket.
1 The New York Red Bulls earned the eighth and final playoff berth, despite finishing fifth in the Eastern Conference. They represent the fourth seed in the Western Conference playoff bracket, as only three teams in the Western Conference qualified for the playoffs.

</doc>
<doc id="19639874" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19639874" title="Karine Costa">
Karine Costa

Karine Costa is a French singer born in 1977 in Paris, particularly known for her songs from Disney films.
Musical career.
She is the singing voice of Jasmine in the animated film "Aladdin", produced by Disney studios and released in 1992. She has recorded "Ce Rêve bleu" (the French adaptation of "A Whole New World") in duet first with Paolo Domingo, then with Daniel Lévi (#3 in France), and "Tombé du ciel" with Emmanuel Dahl. She has also recorded the song "C'est la vie" for the film "Bambi 2". She had a hit with her own version of Burt Bacharach's song, "I Say a Little Prayer" (made famous by Dionne Warwick) that is currently used in France in the TV advert for the Crédit mutuel.

</doc>
<doc id="19639912" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19639912" title="Swelter">
Swelter

Swelter is a rock music group, formed in 1989. They were generally associated with the city of Tacoma, Washington.
Biography.
1989-1991
Swelter was initially formed as a 4 piece band consisting of Micah Hembree (vocals), Chad Baker (bass guitar), Stuart Linkert (drums), and Jason Harsin (guitar). Originally named Swelter Cacklebush, the group played in a heavy pop/rock style, different than the more aggressive sound of their later recordings. 
After recording their debut Country Pleasures EP, the group was signed to a local independent label, Green Monkey Records, headed by Seattle area producer Tom Dyer (Accüsed, Green Pajamas, Malchicks). A 7" release accompanied by positive reviews in local Northwest music magazines Backlash and The Rocket followed, and a series of shows were lined up at venues in the area. At the same time Harsin left to form a folk inspired group called Katie's Dimples. The group attempted to find a suitable replacement, but a few months later Linkert would also join Katie's Dimples. Swelter Cacklebush was declared clinically dead.
1991-1993
In 1993 Linkert departed from Katie's Dimples, and he and the other remaining members decide to reform, dropping "Cacklebush" from the name, and expanding the lineup to a quintet by adding Jason Dietrich and David Takata on guitar. They dropped the pop songwriting elements from their sound and focused on the darker and more aggressive sounds of the underground hard rock scene that was growing in the Pacific Northwest, while adding elements of the Midwestern Post-Hardcore or "Noise Rock" movement typified by bands like The Laughing Hyenas and Scratch Acid.
Many shows were played in the South Puget Sound region of the Pacific Northwest. The 5 piece Swelter lineup went into the studio and recorded several tracks, two of which (Topicrux and Slab Fork Creme) were later pressed onto "morning piss" colored vinyl. The rest of the tracks would later appear remixed on their self-titled full-length album, released in 1996. The album received positive press, as evidenced in this review from Seattle music magazine "The Rocket":
SWELTER (BigEnormous)
Tacoma's Swelter have many different elements converging together, and the outcome would make any noise-band fan proud. The resultant sound is grating, mechanical, visceral, and catchy all at once. With three very loud and very distorted guitars, and distorted vocals used more as an instrument than as a lyrical element, Swelter are the perfect fix for those who worship at the throne of Noise. -Keyan Y. Meymand
1993-1998
The addition of third guitar player Sean Lanksbury in late 1993 solidified the Swelter sound. They went on to record new tracks with this expanded lineup at John and Stu's place (a recording studio formerly known as Reciprocal Recording) with producer John Goodmanson. These tracks, along with the previously recorded tracks from 1993 were sequenced together to form the band's debut album, "Swelter". The band toured across the Northwest to critical favor but limited commercial success. They appeared on Dan Savage's "Savage Love Live" radio program in 1996, performing two new songs and two covers: "You Made Me Love You (Dear Mr. Gable)" and "You're Just Too Good To Be True", at the host's suggestion. Shortly after they recorded their second album at Uptone Studios with Scott Talbott (Nadir, Everything In Flames) in 1996. Given various titles ("Black Assmaster", "Yes I am unkind...but even worse", "2"), it remains unreleased. One alternate version of the track "Crash And Bleed Out" can be found on a 1996 Nail Distribution sampler disc. The band, frustrated by lack of success and amidst deepening internal tension, broke up in 1998.
Music.
Swelter are generally categorized as noise rock, but their music also incorporated elements of hardcore punk, metal and shoegaze.
Influences.
The Jesus Lizard, Ride, Laughing Hyenas, Unsane, Unwound, Black Sabbath, Fu Manchu, Kyuss, Slug, Cherubs, Shellac, My Bloody Valentine, Six Finger Satellite, Green Magnet School, Superconductor, Melvins, Nirvana, Tar, Table.
Performed In Concert with.
Silkworm, Botch, The Posies, Nadir, OneTon, Hush Harbor, Richmond Fontaine, Poppa Wheelie, The Presidents of the United States of America, Bali Girls, Rocket From The Crypt, Spiny Norman, Plugg, Helter Skipper and the Gilligan Mansons, Self Help Seminar and many others.
Discography.
Country Pleasures EP; Self-released
We Could b/w Dive Single; Green Monkey Records
Topicrux b/w Slab Fork Creme Single; Service of Fikes
Swelter Big Enormous Records
Yes, I am unkind...but even worse. (a.k.a. "Black Assmaster") Unreleased

</doc>
<doc id="19639919" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19639919" title="Gursikh">
Gursikh

A Gursikh is a Sikh fully devoted to the true Guru.
Guru comes from gu meaning darkness and ru meaning light
"dispels the darkness of ignorance ('gu'), and proclaims enlightenment ('ru'). It is the application of the formula to make our life excellently balanced and successful."
Sikh
Literally "learner"
The follower of true Guru who lives his life according to his teachingss.
"One who calls himself a Gursikh of the True Guru, shall rise in the early morning hours and meditate on the Lord's Name."
A Gursikh does not cut hair or trim beard. He does not take alcohol. He never bows before anyone other than Guru Granth Sahib. A Gursikh man can be identified as a person with unshorn hair, flowing beard and turban. A Gursikh may be Amritdhari or non Amritdhari, but must keep unshorn hair. He often visits Gurdwara Sahib. He is fond of doing sewa & simran.
Gursikhs are required to walk on the Guru's Path, as described by fourth master, Guru Ram Das:
"gurasikh meeth chalahu gur chaalee"
O Sikhs of the Guru, O friends, walk on the Guru's Path.
Guru's path means the three concepts of Sikhism: 
1) Naam Japna - Meditation on the Divine Name
2) Kirat Karna - Earning an honest living
3) Vand chhakna - Sharing your earnings with the needy
Life of a Gursikh.
One who calls himself a Sikh of the Guru, the True Guru, shall rise in the early morning hours and meditate on the Lord's Name. Upon arising early in the morning, he is to bathe, and cleanse himself in the pool of nectar. Following the Instructions of the Guru, he is to chant the Name of the Lord, Har, Har. All sins, misdeeds and negativity shall be erased. Then, at the rising of the sun, he is to sing Gurbani; whether sitting down or standing up, he is to meditate on the Lord's Name. One who meditates on my Lord, Har, Har, with every breath and every morsel of food - that GurSikh becomes pleasing to the Guru's Mind. That person, unto whom my Lord and Master is kind and compassionate - upon that GurSikh, the Guru's Teachings are bestowed. Servant Nanak begs for the dust of the feet of that GurSikh, who himself chants the Naam, and inspires others to chant it.
A Gursikh usually avoids adding a caste as suffix to his name. Gursikh is a person who lives his life according to the tenets of Sikhism. A Gursikh works for the welfare of whole humanity. A true Gursikh never hurts the feelings of anyone.
The first Gursikh was Bebe Nanaki, the sister of Guru Nanak Dev Ji.

</doc>
<doc id="19639935" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19639935" title="WJBC-FM">
WJBC-FM

WJBC-FM is an FM radio station licensed on 93.7 for Pontiac, Illinois in the Bloomington-Normal market. It is the only remaining commercial station licensed to Pontiac. , it simulcasts the News/Talk format of sister station 1230 WJBC (AM) in Bloomington, also owned by Cumulus Media, which purchased the station from Townsquare Media.
WJBC-FM now simulcasts the Illinois State Redbirds, however due to previous broadcast arrangements, the station is the Bloomington home of the Illinois Fighting Illini. WJBC-FM also airs the St. Louis Cardinals exclusively whenever its AM counterpart, WJBC (AM), carries its high school football coverage.
History.
The station went in the air in July 1969, and by 1975 had 3000 watts on 103.1 MHz using the callsign WPOK-FM, simulcasting its sister station 1080 WPOK (AM), also in Pontiac. WPOK-FM changed its callsign to WJEZ in November 1984; the AM station eventually went off the air sometime in the 1990s. WJEZ was a modern country station by 1989, and received authorization to move from 103.1 MHz to 93.7 MHz in the early 1990s.
In 2003, the WJEZ callsign was moved to sister station 98.9 at Dwight, Illinois; that station still remains WJEZ . 93.7 became WTRX-FM, a classic rock station with the nickname "Thunder 93.7 WTRX". It then became "WTRX, The Oldies Channel", from the name of the Westwood One's music network format it used; the music network was purchased by Dial Global and WTRX-FM began using Dial Global's Kool Gold format, except during mornings.
In 2010, the station changed its callsign to WJBC-FM and began simulcasting sister station 1230 WJBC (AM) from Bloomington.

</doc>
<doc id="19639965" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19639965" title="John Gambling">
John Gambling

John Gambling may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19639970" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19639970" title="Dimitrie Drăghicescu">
Dimitrie Drăghicescu

Dimitrie Drăghicescu (or Dumitru Drăghicescu) (1875–1945) was a Romanian politician, sociologist, diplomat and writer.
Dimitrie Drăghicescu was born on May 4, 1875 in the village of Zăvoieni, Vâlcea County, Romania. After finishing grammar school in his native village, he attended Carol I High School in Craiova and thereafter the Law Faculty of Bucharest University. In 1901 he left for Paris where he studied at the Collège de France where he studied with Emile Durkheim, Gabriel de Tarde, Henri Bergson, Theodule Armand Ribot. He also attended the lectures organized by the Académie des Sciences Morales et Politiques.
On May 17, 1904 he obtained his doctor's degree in Sociology. In 1905 he was appointed associate professor of Sociology at the University of Bucharest.
During World War I, from 1916 to 1918 he lived in France where he was active in promoting the ideas of a national Romanian state. On April 9–12, 1918 he attended the "Congress of Nationalities" in Rome with Nicolae Lupu and Simion Mândrescu, as members of the group supporting the right of Romanians to a state within their national ethnic borders and demanding the recognition of Romania as a cobelligerent country.
From 1934 to 1936 he was minister plenipotentiary in Mexico.
He committed suicide on September 14, 1945.

</doc>
<doc id="19639972" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19639972" title="Kelvin Davies">
Kelvin Davies

Kelvin J. A. Davies is the James E. Birren Chair of Gerontology at the USC Davis School of Gerontology with a joint appointment in Dana and David Dornsife College of Letters, Arts and Sciences in biology. He is a leader in free radical biology, oxidative stress, and aging; having pioneered the study of protein oxidation, proteolysis, and altered gene expression during stress-adaptation; he also uncovered the role of free radicals in mitochondrial adaptation to exercise, and demonstrated the importance of diminished oxidative stress-adaptive gene expression in aging. 
Biography.
Educated at the University of London, the University of Wisconsin, and the University of California at Berkeley, he was previously a faculty member at Harvard University and Harvard Medical School. Before moving to USC’s Andrus Gerontology Center in 1996, Davies was Chairman of the Department of Biochemistry & Molecular Biology at the Albany Medical College, where he was also professor of Molecular Medicine. 
Career.
Deeply involved in research into oxidative stress and free radicals, Davies is the founding Editor-in-Chief of the scientific journal, "Free Radical Biology & Medicine", and President of the International Society for Free Radical Research. He is also a Fellow of the Society for Free Radical Biology & Medicine; a Fellow of The Gerontological Society of America; a Fellow of the American Association for the Advancement of Science; and winner of the Harwood S. Belding award of the American Physiological Society as well as the Biennial Award from the European Society for Free Radical Research.
Davies' research focuses on the genes that repair oxidatively damaged proteins, lipids, RNA, and DNA, and his laboratory has made major contributions to the understanding of this subject over the past twenty years. Davies is currently focusing his research on the regulation of oxidative stress repair genes during aging. 
By order of French president Nicolas Sarkozy, in 2012 Davies was awarded French knighthood when he and fellow USC professor Enrique Cadenas, M.D., Ph.D. were named chevaliers of l'Ordre National du Mérite. 

</doc>
<doc id="19640033" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19640033" title="Cod fishing in Newfoundland">
Cod fishing in Newfoundland

Cod fishing in Newfoundland was carried out at a subsistence level for centuries, but large scale fishing began shortly after the European discovery of the North American continent in 1492, with the waters being found to be preternaturally plentiful, and ended after intense overfishing with the collapse of the fisheries in the 1990s.
Native Canadian fishing.
The Beothuk (called Skraelings by the Vikings) were the native people of Newfoundland, and survived on a diet of fish. With British and French coastal settlements, the Beothuk were forced inland, and coupled with the European propensity of murdering them on sight, the lack of their normal food source gradually decreased the Beothuk. By the 19th Century, the tribe no longer existed.
15th and 16th Century.
After his voyage in 1497, John Cabot's crew reported that "the sea there is full of fish that can be taken not only with nets but with fishing-baskets". and around 1600 English fishing captains still reported cod shoals "so thick by the shore that we hardly have been able to row a boat through them."
In the early sixteenth century, fishermen from England, France, Spain and Portugal discovered the best places to fish for cod in the waters off Newfoundland, and how best to preserve the fish for the journey home.
The French, Spanish and Portuguese fishermen tended to fish on the Grand Banks and other banks out to sea, where fish were always available. They salted their fish on board ship and it was not dried until brought to Europe. The English fishermen, however, concentrated on fishing inshore where the fish were only to be found at certain times of the year, during their migrations. These fishermen used small boats and returned to shore every day. They developed a system of light salting, washing and drying onshore which became very popular because the fish could remain edible for years. Many of their coastal sites gradually developed into settlements, notably St. John's, now the provincial capital.
In the late sixteenth century the Spanish and Portuguese fisheries were terminated, mainly as a result of the failure of the Spanish Armada, and thereafter the English and French shared the fishery every summer until 1904 when the French agreed to relinquish it to the Newfoundland residents.
Fishing methods and the fishery collapse.
In 1951 factory fishing began with new super-trawlers such as the 'Fairtry'; 280 feet long and 2,600 gross tons.
The cod catch peaked in 1968 at 810,000 tons, approximately three times more than the maximum yearly catch achieved before the super-trawlers. Approximately 8 million tons of cod were caught between 1647 and 1750, a period encompassing 25 to 40 cod generations. The factory trawlers took the same amount in 15 years.
The industry collapsed entirely in the early 1990s owing to overfishing and debatably, greed, lack of foresight and poor local administration. By 1993 six cod populations had collapsed, forcing a belated moratorium on fishing. Spawning biomass had decreased by at least 75% in all stocks, by 90% in three of the six stocks, and by 99% in the case of 'northern' cod, previously the largest cod fishery in the world.
After a 10 year moratorium on fishing the cod had still not returned. It was thought that the local ecosystem might have changed, one possibility being that greater numbers of capelin, which used to provide food for the cod, might be eating the juvenile cod. The waters appeared to be dominated by crab and shrimp rather than fish. However, by 2011 it became apparent that the fisheries were returning to their original abundance, just more slowly than had been anticipated.

</doc>
<doc id="19640036" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19640036" title="Screeching Weasel / Born Against">
Screeching Weasel / Born Against

Screeching Weasel/Born Against split is a split EP featuring Screeching Weasel and Born Against. It was released in 1993 on 7" vinyl and CD by Lookout! Records. The premise of this record is that Born Against wrote music for lyrics written by Screeching Weasel and vice-versa. The double-sided cover art plays on their different styles, political hardcore and pop punk, as well.
Vinyl Tracklisting.
Side A (Screeching Weasel)
1. El Mozote
2. Fuck This
Side B (Born Against)
1. Janelle
2. Go Fuck Yourself
CD Tracklisting.
1. El Mozote
2. Fuck This
3. Chicago
4. Janelle
5. Go Fuck Yourself
6. Movin' On Up

</doc>
<doc id="19640071" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19640071" title="Pothigai">
Pothigai

The Pothigai Malai (hills) (also known as the Agasthiyar Malai) is in the Ashambu hills, part of the Anamalai Hills in the southern part of the Western Ghats of Southern India. Legend says that Sage Agastya (also written as Agasthiyar or Agathiyar) is said to have provided the grammar for Tamil language. This grammar was further fine tuned by one of his disciples Trinathak Muni popularly known as Tolkappiyar.
Geography.
The western slope is located in the Thiruvananthapuram District of Kerala state, eastern slope of Pothigai hills is in the Tirunelveli District, southern slope is located in Kanyakumari District of Tamil Nadu. At 1,866 meters, it is the highest peak in the rugged Ashambu hills, which have one of the richest concentrations of biodiversity in the Western Ghats. The area is known for its spectacular views, beautiful forests and waterfalls, ancient temples, and the river Tamirabarani, the lifeline of the region.
Legend.
According to the Mahābhārata, Lord Shiva sent the two saints (or sages) Vyasa and Agastya, down to Earth, to create the divine languages, Sanskrit and Tamil. Agathiyar came to Pothigai and established the Tamil culture. 
After establishing the Sidhar Gnana Koodam center for scientific research, and later traveling throughout the world, spreading the knowledge gained, Agathiyar returned to a spot in the Pothigai hills, where he merged into the cosmos. A temple has been built for him at this spot, close to the Papanasam Falls on the banks of the Thamirabarani River. It is said that Sage Agathiyar occasionally gives appearances to sincere aspirants and devotees.
References.
The Tourister | Pothigai Hills Tour/Trek Guide

</doc>
<doc id="19640104" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19640104" title="New South Wales Z27 class locomotive">
New South Wales Z27 class locomotive

The Z27 class (formally G.1204 class) was a class of steam locomotives built by Hunslet Engine Company for the New South Wales Government Railways of Australia.
History.
Eight 'Mogul' type locomotives were built in 1913 for the New South Wales Public Works Department as railway construction locomotives, working on lines such as Coffs Harbour to Glenreagh, Glenreagh to Dorrigo and Humula to Tumbarumba.
When the New South Wales Government Railways assumed responsibility for railway construction in 1917, these locomotives were transferred and became the (G)1204 class. These locomotives were considered too modern to be utilised on construction work and were transferred to more demanding duties. However they were found to be unsuitable for working lines which abounded in curves, having a tendency to shed their valve motion on anything other than the straightest of track. They were transferred to Narrabri West where they stayed for practically the whole of their remaining lives, working to Moree, Pokataroo, Walgett, Mungindi and Boggabilla.
Preservation.
The first two withdrawals occurred in 1957, a further four followed in 1963. 

</doc>
<doc id="19640113" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19640113" title="Old National Pike Milestones">
Old National Pike Milestones

The Old National Pike Milestones marked each mile of the National Road in Maryland, United States between Baltimore and Cumberland. The surviving stones have been included in the National Register of Historic Places, and may be seen along US 40, Maryland Route 144, Alternate US 40, and other roads that trace the path of the Old National Pike. The stones are about 30 inches tall, twelve inches wide and eight inches deep, with rounded tops and the inscription "XX miles to B", referring to the distance to Baltimore, the road's terminus. The composition of the stones varies, with the first 39 milestones of Baltimore gneiss from the area of Ellicott City. Stones from Frederick to Boonsboro are quartzite from the area of the Monocacy River. A unique white limestone with a distinctive inscription was employed from Boonsboro to Hagerstown, while west of Hagerstown the stones are gray limestone. 
Sixty-nine stones remained on the route at the time the stones were nominated to the National Register.

</doc>
<doc id="19640127" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19640127" title="MTX Audio">
MTX Audio

MTX Audio is an American consumer audio company that manufactures sound equipment for applications including car audio, home audio, marine audio and live sound products. They are best known for their car audio products and they specialize in subwoofers and subwoofer amplifiers.
MTX Audio is a brand name owned by the Mitek Corporation. MTX Audio, as well as Kicker and JL Audio, were pioneers of the car audio industry. MTX Audio's parent company, Mitek Corporation, patented the square speaker design, which has more surface area for its nominal diameter as it is not measured diagonally. The patent was filed and published in 2007.
History.
MTX audio was called Matrecs in 1979. The MTX name came in when Loyd Ivey, then owner of his own company American Acoustic Labs, bought out the Matrecs name in 1979 and changed it to MTX under Ivey’s parent company Mitek. In 1991, MTX Audio acquired Soundcraftsmen, a defunct audio equipment manufacturer which was located in Santa Ana, California, and was called "MTX Soundcraftsmen" until 1999. 
In 1984 MTX created the first mobile audio enclosure.
Today.
Loyd Ivey is chairman and CEO of MiTek and therefore MTX, which employs over 750 people. MiTek has 12 other companies including MTX, with plants in Ennis, Texas, Louisville, Kentucky, Monroe, Wisconsin, West Dundee, Illinois, Winslow, Illinois, and in Phoenix, Arizona.
List of global brand names and what countries MiTek has their products/facilities in.
Parent company.
Loyd Ivey Is the president and CEO of his company MiTek corp. which he founded in the mid 1980s after acquiring Matrecs and the American Case Company. MiTek is the parent company of 13 other companies, including MTX, with manufacturing plants in seen U.S. states and three countries around the world.
Products.
MTX makes audio products ranging from sub woofers, car speakers, amplifiers, and speaker enclosures, to audio products for iPod and concert speakers.
USA product categories as of November 2012

</doc>
<doc id="19640151" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19640151" title="Molly (fastener)">
Molly (fastener)

A molly or molly bolt, commonly misspelled moly, is a formerly trademarked name for a specialized fastener used with drywall. Larger sizes permit reasonably heavy objects, such as shelving, flatscreen TV mounts or central heating radiators to be attached to drywall in locations where there is no stud behind the drywall. For heavy objects, multiple molly bolts may be required.
Attaching.
The fastener is an anchor, an expandable sleeve that slides into a hole drilled into the wall. A lip wider than the hole prevents it from falling behind the wall. A machine screw is then screwed into the sleeve, causing the anchor to bend, expand, spread and grip against the inside of the drywall.
Mollies come in various diameters and "grip lengths" for different drywall thicknesses and to support different loads.

</doc>
<doc id="19640152" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19640152" title="Black Flag discography">
Black Flag discography

The discography of Black Flag, an American hardcore punk band, consists of seven studio albums, three live albums, three compilation albums, eight EPs, and one single.
Other appearances.
The following Black Flag tracks were released on compilation albums and soundtracks. This is not an exhaustive list; tracks that were first released on the band's albums, EPs, or singles are not included.
I Denotes tracks that were re-released on "The First Four Years".

</doc>
<doc id="19640155" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19640155" title="John Oakley (priest)">
John Oakley (priest)

The Very Rev John Oakley DD was Dean of Carlisle and then Manchester in the last quarter of the 19th century. 
Born in 1834, he was educated at Brasenose College, Oxford and ordained in 1858. After curacies at "St Luke’s, Berwick Street" and "St James, Piccadilly", London, he was then Vicar of "St Saviour’s, Hoxton" followed by a short spell in Carlisle as Dean of the cathedral followed by a further six years at Manchester. also as Dean. He died on 10 June 1890.

</doc>
<doc id="19640157" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19640157" title="Kahloon">
Kahloon

Kahlon (or Kahloon) refers to the Jat gotra inhabiting the Pakistani and Indian states of Punjab along North western Indo-Pak border areas. Kahloon's mainly populate the areas near Amritsar and Patiala. "

</doc>
<doc id="19640158" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19640158" title="Bhorle, Bagmati">
Bhorle, Bagmati

Bhorle is a Village Development Committee in Rasuwa District in the Bagmati Zone of northern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4884 people residing in 903 individual households.
Government.
The purpose of Village Development Committees is to organise village people structurally at a local level and creating a partnership between the community and the public sector for improved service delivery system. A VDC has a status as an autonomous institution and authority for interacting with the more centralised institutions of governance in Nepal. In doing so, the VDC gives village people an element of control and responsibility in development, and also ensures proper utilization and distribution of state funds and a greater interaction between government officials, NGOs and agencies. The village development committees within a given area will discuss education, water supply, basic health, sanitation and income and will also monitor and record progress which is displayed in census data.
In VDCs there is one elected chief, usually elected with over an 80% majority. From each ward, there is also a chief that is elected along with these there are also four members elected or nominated.

</doc>
<doc id="19640173" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19640173" title="Briddhim">
Briddhim

Briddhim is a village development committee in Rasuwa District in the Bagmati Zone of northern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 722 people living in 165 individual households.
Government.
The purpose of Village Development Committees is to organise village people structurally at a local level and creating a partnership between the community and the public sector for improved service delivery system. A VDC has a status as an autonomous institution and authority for interacting with the more centralised institutions of governance in Nepal. In doing so, the VDC gives village people an element of control and responsibility in development, and also ensures proper utilization and distribution of state funds and a greater interaction between government officials, NGOs and agencies. The village development committees within a given area will discuss education, water supply, basic health, sanitation and income and will also monitor and record progress which is displayed in census data.
In VDCs there is one elected chief, usually elected with over an 80% majority. From each ward, there is also a chief that is elected along with these there are also four members elected or nominated.

</doc>
<doc id="19640184" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19640184" title="Chilime">
Chilime

Chilime is a village development committee in Rasuwa District in the Bagmati Zone of northern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1281 people living in 261 individual households.
Government.
The purpose of Village Development Committees is to organise village people structurally at a local level and creating a partnership between the community and the public sector for improved service delivery system. A VDC has a status as an autonomous institution and authority for interacting with the more centralised institutions of governance in Nepal. In doing so, the VDC gives village people an element of control and responsibility in development, and also ensures proper utilization and distribution of state funds and a greater interaction between government officials, NGOs and agencies. The village development committees within a given area will discuss education, water supply, basic health, sanitation and income and will also monitor and record progress which is displayed in census data.
In VDCs there is one elected chief, usually elected with over an 80% majority. From each ward, there is also a chief that is elected along with these there are also four members elected or nominated.

</doc>
<doc id="19640188" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19640188" title="Dakshinkali Temple">
Dakshinkali Temple

Dakshinkali Temple or Dakshin Kali Temple, located outside Kathmandu and about outside the village of Pharping, is one of the main temples of Nepal dedicated to the goddess Kali. Animal sacrifices, particularly of cockerels and uncastrated male goats, are the main way that the goddess is worshipped, and this is especially seen during the Dashain festival.

</doc>
<doc id="19640193" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19640193" title="Dandagaun, Rasuwa">
Dandagaun, Rasuwa

Dandagaun is a village development committee in Rasuwa District in the Bagmati Zone of northern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1782 people living in 320 individual households.
Government.
The purpose of Village Development Committees is to organise village people structurally at a local level and creating a partnership between the community and the public sector for improved service delivery system. A VDC has a status as an autonomous institution and authority for interacting with the more centralised institutions of governance in Nepal. In doing so, the VDC gives village people an element of control and responsibility in development, and also ensures proper utilization and distribution of state funds and a greater interaction between government officials, NGOs and agencies. The village development committees within a given area will discuss education, water supply, basic health, sanitation and income and will also monitor and record progress which is displayed in census data.
In VDCs there is one elected chief, usually elected with over an 80% majority. From each ward, there is also a chief that is elected along with these there are also four members elected or nominated.

</doc>
<doc id="19640208" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19640208" title="Mount Numanohara">
Mount Numanohara


</doc>
<doc id="19640212" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19640212" title="Dhaibung">
Dhaibung

Dhaibung is a village development committee in Rasuwa District in the Bagmati Zone of northern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3880 people living in 724 individual households.
Government.
The purpose of Village Development Committees is to organise village people structurally at a local level and creating a partnership between the community and the public sector for improved service delivery system. A VDC has a status as an autonomous institution and authority for interacting with the more centralised institutions of governance in Nepal. In doing so, the VDC gives village people an element of control and responsibility in development, and also ensures proper utilization and distribution of state funds and a greater interaction between government officials, NGOs and agencies. The village development committees within a given area will discuss education, water supply, basic health, sanitation and income and will also monitor and record progress which is displayed in census data.
In VDCs there is one elected chief, usually elected with over an 80% majority. From each ward, there is also a chief that is elected along with these there are also four members elected or nominated.

</doc>
<doc id="19640220" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19640220" title="Gatlang">
Gatlang

Gatlang is a village development committee in Rasuwa District in the Bagmati Zone of northern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1533 people living in 328 individual households.
Government.
The purpose of Village Development Committees is to organise village people structurally at a local level and creating a partnership between the community and the public sector for improved service delivery system. A VDC has a status as an autonomous institution and authority for interacting with the more centralised institutions of governance in Nepal. In doing so, the VDC gives village people an element of control and responsibility in development, and also ensures proper utilization and distribution of state funds and a greater interaction between government officials, NGOs and agencies. The village development committees within a given area will discuss education, water supply, basic health, sanitation and income and will also monitor and record progress which is displayed in census data.
In VDCs there is one elected chief, usually elected with over an 80% majority. From each ward, there is also a chief that is elected along with these there are also four members elected or nominated.

</doc>
<doc id="19640229" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19640229" title="Goljung">
Goljung

Goljung is a village development committee in Rasuwa District in the Bagmati Zone of northern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 836 people living in 172 individual households.
Government.
The purpose of Village Development Committees is to organise village people structurally at a local level and creating a partnership between the community and the public sector for improved service delivery system. A VDC has a status as an autonomous institution and authority for interacting with the more centralised institutions of governance in Nepal. In doing so, the VDC gives village people an element of control and responsibility in development, and also ensures proper utilization and distribution of state funds and a greater interaction between government officials, NGOs and agencies. The village development committees within a given area will discuss education, water supply, basic health, sanitation and income and will also monitor and record progress which is displayed in census data.
In VDCs there is one elected chief, usually elected with over an 80% majority. From each ward, there is also a chief that is elected along with these there are also four members elected or nominated.

</doc>
<doc id="19640234" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19640234" title="Haku, Bagmati">
Haku, Bagmati

Haku is a village development committee in Rasuwa District in the Bagmati Zone of northern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2055 people living in 378 individual households.
Government.
The purpose of Village Development Committees is to organise village people structurally at a local level and creating a partnership between the community and the public sector for improved service delivery system. A VDC has a status as an autonomous institution and authority for interacting with the more centralised institutions of governance in Nepal. In doing so, the VDC gives village people an element of control and responsibility in development, and also ensures proper utilization and distribution of state funds and a greater interaction between government officials, NGOs and agencies. The village development committees within a given area will discuss education, water supply, basic health, sanitation and income and will also monitor and record progress which is displayed in census data.
In VDCs there is one elected chief, usually elected with over an 80% majority. From each ward, there is also a chief that is elected along with these there are also four members elected or nominated.

</doc>
<doc id="19640239" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19640239" title="Mark Paoletta">
Mark Paoletta

Mark Paoletta is a lawyer specializing in representing clients in congressional investigations. 
Political and legal career.
Mark Paoletta is a partner at the Washington, D.C. law firm DLA Piper and partner in the firm’s Federal Law and Policy practice. He has represented numerous companies and individuals, including a major hedge funds and foreign and domestic banks, according to "Bisnow on Business". Paoletta has represented Scott Jennings, a former Special Assistant to President George W. Bush, in connection with the various investigations into the firings of U.S. Attorneys. In 2007, Paoletta appeared before the Senate Judiciary Committee as counsel for Scott Jennings, who had been directed by President Bush to not answer certain questions based on an assertion of executive privilege. In a letter to Chairman Leahy and Senator Specter, White House Counsel Fred F. Fielding indicated that President George W. Bush would assert executive privilege regarding Jennings' testimony. The letter indicates that Jennings was made aware of the President’s decision and was directed not to provide any testimony covered by the assertion. 
Based on this directive, Paoletta told CNN his client would "appear before the Judiciary Committee but would refuse to answer questions he feels are covered by executive privilege." In a "Washington Post " article, Paoletta also said that Jennings would "cooperate to the best of his ability." 
Paoletta’s work representing strength trainer Brian McNamee in the 2008 United States Congressional hearing on Roger Clemens was highlighted in the book, "" by Teri Thompson, Nathaniel Vinton, Michael O'Keeffe, and Christian Red. 
Paoletta has participated in several oversight training seminars for congressional staff and is featured in the Project on Government Oversight’s "The Art of Congressional Oversight: A User’s Guide to Doing It Right". Paoletta has also been interviewed about his oversight work on Federal News Radio. 
In November 2007, Paoletta was selected to serve as outside counsel to the U.S. House of Representatives Select Committee to Investigate Voting Irregularities of August 2, 2007. 
Prior to joining DLA Piper, Paoletta served as Chief Counsel for Oversight & Investigations for the House Energy and Commerce Committee from September 1997 until January 2007, according to his firm’s bio and a September 28, 2006 story in "The Wall Street Journal", which also describes his working style. According to a 2003 "National Journal" profile of Paoletta, which highlighted his work on the committee, he served as the behind-the-scenes engineer for the committee’s high-profile hearings on Enron, Global Crossing, and Martha Stewart, and raised the committee’s profile and widened the breadth of its investigative work. 
During his tenure as Chief Counsel for Oversight & Investigations, Paoletta managed nearly 200 investigative hearings. In a report released in February 2007, Congressman Joe Barton (R-Texas), Ranking Member of the House Energy and Commerce Committee, released a compilation of the Oversight and Investigations Subcommittee’s work from 2001 through 2006 (during Paoletta’s tenure as Chief Counsel) that served "as a road map through many of the great government and corporate scandals of this decade." The report highlighted numerous hearings and investigations held by the Subcommittee, including the Ford Explorer/Firestone tire safety controversy and corporate accountability investigations into Enron, Global Crossing, Qwest, HealthSouth, and ImClone, as well as Medicare reimbursements, which resulted in the Medicare Modernization Act of 2003, which resulted in legislation saving $15.7 billion over ten years. 
Paoletta’s work in the Enron investigation was highlighted in the book "Conspiracy of Fools: A True Story", by Kurt Eichenwald. Paoletta wrote about his work on the Committee in a February 5, 2007 article in Roll Call. Paoletta also co-authored a piece entitled "Storm Clouds on the Horizon – Congressional Investigations 101." 
According to his official bio on DLA Piper's website, Paoletta served as Assistant Counsel to the President during the George H. W. Bush administration, where he played a key role in the successful confirmation effort of U.S. Supreme Court Justice Clarence Thomas.
In his book "Blinded by the Right: The Conscience of an Ex-Conservative", David Brock alleges that Paoletta gave him damaging details about the personal history of Kay Savage to prevent her from giving testimony against Thomas. Paoletta has denied Brock's accusations, as have several others mentioned in the same book. 
In another book that attacked Paoletta’s work on behalf of Justice Thomas, entitled "Strange Justice" by Jill Abramson and Jane Mayer, Paoletta won a letter of apology from the book’s publisher, Houghton Mifflin, according to the "Columbia Business Review", 
Role on Palin's "truth squad".
Paoletta was a volunteer on the Reagan-Bush 1984 and Bush-Quayle 1988 presidential campaigns, and according to the "Anchorage Daily News" (September 18, 2008), most recently he was one of three leaders of "a cadre of high-powered operatives" described by John McCain's campaign as a "truth squad" to field questions about and push back on attacks against vice-presidential candidate Sarah Palin. (Paoletta's two co-leaders are Karl Rove protegee Brian Jones and Republican lawyer Ed O'Callaghan.) According to the "Atlantic Monthly" (September 9, 2008), Paoletta and Jones are volunteers while O'Callaghan is on staff. 
According to Yahoo News, Paoletta, Jones, and O'Callaghan are "tasked specifically with responding to the sort of viral attacks that have been popping up about Palin’s background and record in Alaska...The public face for this pushback, though, will be woman Republican politicians, a 'truth squad' team designed to highlight attacks on Palin and draw sympathy to her side."
Paoletta received a bachelor's degree from Duquesne University and his J.D. from Georgetown University. 
External links.
George H W Bush Library files on Clarence Thomas nomination, with extensive material contributed by Paoletta

</doc>
<doc id="19640254" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19640254" title="Jibjibe">
Jibjibe

Jibjibe is a village development committee (VDC) in Rasuwa District in the Bagmati Zone of northern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4944.
Government.
The purpose of village development committees is to organise village people structurally at a local level and creating a partnership between the community and the public sector for improved service delivery system. A VDC has a status as an autonomous institution and authority for interacting with the more centralised institutions of governance in Nepal. In doing so, the VDC gives village people an element of control and responsibility in development, and also ensures proper utilization and distribution of state funds and a greater interaction between government officials, NGOs and agencies. The village development committees within a given area will discuss education, water supply, basic health, sanitation and income and will also monitor and record progress which is displayed in census data.
In VDCs there is one elected chief, usually elected with over an 80% majority. From each ward, there is also a chief that is elected along with these there are also four members elected or nominated.

</doc>
<doc id="19640265" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19640265" title="2000 AFC Futsal Championship">
2000 AFC Futsal Championship

The 2000 AFC Futsal Championship was held in Bangkok, Thailand from 5 May to 12 May 2000. The tournament acted as a qualifying tournament for the 2000 FIFA Futsal World Championship in Guatemala.

</doc>
<doc id="19640269" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19640269" title="Laharepauwa">
Laharepauwa

Laharepauwa is a village development committee in Rasuwa District in the Bagmati Zone of northern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4276 people living in 774 individual households.
Government.
The purpose of Village Development Committees is to organise village people structurally at a local level and creating a partnership between the community and the public sector for improved service delivery system. A VDC has a status as an autonomous institution and authority for interacting with the more centralised institutions of governance in Nepal. In doing so, the VDC gives village people an element of control and responsibility in development, and also ensures proper utilization and distribution of state funds and a greater interaction between government officials, NGOs and agencies. The village development committees within a given area will discuss education, water supply, basic health, sanitation and income and will also monitor and record progress which is displayed in census data.
In VDCs there is one elected chief, usually elected with over an 80% majority. From each ward, there is also a chief that is elected along with these there are also four members elected or nominated.

</doc>
<doc id="19640272" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19640272" title="Jasper Goodwill">
Jasper Goodwill

Jasper Goodwill (November 18, 1889 – November 10, 1974) served from 1955 to 1958 as the Democratic mayor of the small city of Minden, the seat of Webster Parish in northwestern Louisiana. During his tenure, the municipality implemented health insurance and a pension plan for its employees.
Career.
Goodwill prevailed in a special election on May 10, 1955, to fill the remaining three years in the term of John T. David, who resigned amid scandal after nine years in the position. Goodwill defeated Paul Wallace (1896–1969), a furniture store operator and a former member of the Minden City Council, 944 (52.4 percent) to 858 (47.6 percent).
David had also narrowly defeated Wallace in the regular Democratic primary election in 1954. Goodwill did not seek a full term in the 1958 primary, which brought Democrat Frank T. Norman, a sitting council member, to the mayor's chair for the first of two four-year terms.
Life.
Goodwill was one of five children born to Alfred Jasper Goodwill (1855–1937) and the former Sallie Fort (1859–1934). Goodwill's paternal grandfather, Confederate Captain Alfred Goodwill, who maintained a large general store in downtown Minden, was first married to Elizabeth Farley until her death, he then married Ida Victoria Hill, their daughter Olive married the son of Louisiana governor Murphy J. Foster (1892-1900) and her son was former Louisiana Governor Murphy J. "Mike" Foster, Jr. Goodwill Road in Minden is named for Captain Goodwill, Mayor Goodwill's grandfather.
Jasper Goodwill graduated from Minden High School, probably in 1906. When he entered the United States Army during World War I, he had no middle name. The Army required at least a middle initial if no middle name, and he was hence assigned a "K", which stood otherwise for nothing. He remained in the United States throughout the war. An older brother, Christopher Goodwill (1867–1901), was shot to death while making an arrest. Ralph Goodwill, another brother, was the co-owner of a clothing store in Minden known as Brown-Goodwill, which closed early in 1987.
Goodwill was assistant postmaster in Minden from after his military service until 1923, when he joined the staff of Empire Southern Gas Company, having retired as the manager in 1954. He and his younger son, Robert Eldredge Goodwill (born June 21, 1928), started a hardware and sporting goods store on Broadway Street in 1952, which closed in 1978.
Goodwill was a president of the Minden Chamber of Commerce (1943–1944), a director of the Minden Building and Loan Association, a past director of the former Minden Bank and Trust Company (since part of Regions Bank, and a member of both the civil defense and Selective Service boards. He was a member of the Lions Club, the National Wildlife Association, American Legion, Knights of Pythias, and the board of the First United Methodist Church of Minden.
Goodwill was married to the former Annie Eldredge (July 2, 1889 – June 18, 1959), a medical secretary originally from Abbeville in Vermilion Parish in south Louisiana. The couple resided at 201 North College Street in Minden. The Goodwills also had an older son, Marion Jasper Goodwill (born January 2, 1925) of Shreveport. Daughter Gloria died a few months into infancy. The couple had four grandchildren. Goodwill was also survived by a sister, Alice Turnley (1901–1991) of Plain Dealing in Bossier Parish. Services were held in the Rose-Neath Funeral Home chapel in Minden. Interment was at Minden Cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="19640277" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19640277" title="Langtang, Bagmati">
Langtang, Bagmati

Langtang, Bagmati is a village development committee in Rasuwa District in the Bagmati Zone of northern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 468 people living in 100 individual households.
Government.
The purpose of Village Development Committees is to organise village people structurally at a local level and creating a partnership between the community and the public sector for improved service delivery system. A VDC has a status as an autonomous institution and authority for interacting with the more centralised institutions of governance in Nepal. In doing so, the VDC gives village people an element of control and responsibility in development, and also ensures proper utilization and distribution of state funds and a greater interaction between government officials, NGOs and agencies. The village development committees within a given area will discuss education, water supply, basic health, sanitation and income and will also monitor and record progress which is displayed in census data.
In VDCs there is one elected chief, usually elected with over an 80% majority. From each ward, there is also a chief that is elected along with these there are also four members elected or nominated.

</doc>
<doc id="19640288" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19640288" title="Achille Varzi (philosopher)">
Achille Varzi (philosopher)

Achille C. Varzi (born May 8, 1958, Galliate) is an Italian-born philosopher. He teaches at Columbia University, where he has been a member of the philosophy faculty since 1995.
Varzi has made notable contributions to the fields of philosophical logic (mainly vagueness, supervaluationism, paraconsistency, formal semantics) and metaphysics (mainly mereology and mereotopology, causation, events, and issues relating to identity and persistence through time). His first book, "Holes and Other Superficialities" (1994, with Roberto Casati), was an exploration of the realist ontology of common sense and naive physics. His more recent work is inspired by a nominalist-conventionalist stance.
Varzi is currently an editor of "The Journal of Philosophy" and an advisory editor of the "Stanford Encyclopedia of Philosophy". Varzi is also a prolific writer for the general public and contributes regularly to several Italian newspapers.
Achille C. Varzi is a second cousin of the Italian racecar driver Achille Varzi.

</doc>
<doc id="19640291" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19640291" title="Ramche, Rasuwa">
Ramche, Rasuwa

Ramche is a village development committee in Rasuwa District in the Bagmati Zone of northern Nepal.
Government.
The purpose of Village Development Committees is to organise village people structurally at a local level and creating a partnership between the community and the public sector for improved service delivery system. A VDC has a status as an autonomous institution and authority for interacting with the more centralised institutions of governance in Nepal. In doing so, the VDC gives village people an element of control and responsibility in development, and also ensures proper utilization and distribution of state funds and a greater interaction between government officials, NGOs and agencies. The village development committees within a given area will discuss education, water supply, basic health, sanitation and income and will also monitor and record progress which is displayed in census data.
In VDCs there is one elected chief, usually elected with over an 80% majority. From each ward, there is also a chief that is elected along with these there are also four members elected or nominated.

</doc>
<doc id="19640303" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19640303" title="Phaio">
Phaio

Phaio is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19640304" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19640304" title="Saramthali, Rasuwa">
Saramthali, Rasuwa

Saramthali, Rasuwa is a village development committee in Rasuwa District in the Bagmati Zone of northern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3359 people living in 624 individual households.
Government.
The purpose of Village Development Committees is to organise village people structurally at a local level and creating a partnership between the community and the public sector for improved service delivery system. A VDC has a status as an autonomous institution and authority for interacting with the more centralised institutions of governance in Nepal. In doing so, the VDC gives village people an element of control and responsibility in development, and also ensures proper utilization and distribution of state funds and a greater interaction between government officials, NGOs and agencies. The village development committees within a given area will discuss education, water supply, basic health, sanitation and income and will also monitor and record progress which is displayed in census data.
In VDCs there is one elected chief, usually elected with over an 80% majority. From each ward, there is also a chief that is elected along with these there are also four members elected or nominated.

</doc>
<doc id="19640314" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19640314" title="Phaloe">
Phaloe

Phaloe is a genus of moth in the family Arctiidae.
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19640315" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19640315" title="Syafru">
Syafru

Syafru is a village development committee in Rasuwa District in the Bagmati Zone of northern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1755 people living in 363 individual households.
Government.
The purpose of Village Development Committees is to organise village people structurally at a local level and creating a partnership between the community and the public sector for improved service delivery system. A VDC has a status as an autonomous institution and authority for interacting with the more centralised institutions of governance in Nepal. In doing so, the VDC gives village people an element of control and responsibility in development, and also ensures proper utilization and distribution of state funds and a greater interaction between government officials, NGOs and agencies. The village development committees within a given area will discuss education, water supply, basic health, sanitation and income and will also monitor and record progress which is displayed in census data.
In VDCs there is one elected chief, usually elected with over an 80% majority. From each ward, there is also a chief that is elected along with these there are also four members elected or nominated.

</doc>
<doc id="19640321" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19640321" title="Phaloesia">
Phaloesia

Phaloesia is a genus of moth in the family Arctiidae.

</doc>
<doc id="19640322" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19640322" title="Thulogaun">
Thulogaun

Thulogaun is a village development committee in Rasuwa District in the Bagmati Zone of northern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1247 people, living in 249 individual households.
Government.
The purpose of Village Development Committees is to organise village people structurally at a local level and creating a partnership between the community and the public sector for improved service delivery system. A VDC has a status as an autonomous institution and authority for interacting with the more centralised institutions of governance in Nepal. In doing so, the VDC gives village people an element of control and responsibility in development, and also ensures proper utilization and distribution of state funds and a greater interaction between government officials, NGOs and agencies. The village development committees within a given area will discuss education, water supply, basic health, sanitation and income and will also monitor and record progress which is displayed in census data.
In VDCs there is one elected chief, usually elected with over an 80% majority. From each ward, there is also a chief that is elected along with these there are also four members elected or nominated.

</doc>
<doc id="19640333" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19640333" title="Thuman">
Thuman

Thuman is a village development committee in Rasuwa District in the Bagmati Zone of northern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 929 people living in 188 individual households.
Government.
The purpose of Village Development Committees is to organise village people structurally at a local level and creating a partnership between the community and the public sector for improved service delivery system. A VDC has a status as an autonomous institution and authority for interacting with the more centralised institutions of governance in Nepal. In doing so, the VDC gives village people an element of control and responsibility in development, and also ensures proper utilization and distribution of state funds and a greater interaction between government officials, NGOs and agencies. The village development committees within a given area will discuss education, water supply, basic health, sanitation and income and will also monitor and record progress which is displayed in census data.
In VDCs there is one elected chief, usually elected with over an 80% majority. From each ward, there is also a chief that is elected along with these there are also four members elected or nominated.

</doc>
<doc id="19640336" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19640336" title="Phaos">
Phaos

Phaos is a genus of moth in the family Arctiidae from Australia.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19640338" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19640338" title="Phaulosia">
Phaulosia

Phaulosia is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae. It contains the single species "Phaulosia sordida".
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19640339" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19640339" title="Timure">
Timure

Timure is a village development committee in Rasuwa District in the Bagmati Zone of northern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 562 people living in 141 individual households.
Government.
The purpose of Village Development Committees is to organise village people structurally at a local level and creating a partnership between the community and the public sector for improved service delivery system. A VDC has a status as an autonomous institution and authority for interacting with the more centralised institutions of governance in Nepal. In doing so, the VDC gives village people an element of control and responsibility in development, and also ensures proper utilization and distribution of state funds and a greater interaction between government officials, NGOs and agencies. The village development committees within a given area will discuss education, water supply, basic health, sanitation and income and will also monitor and record progress which is displayed in census data.
In VDCs there is one elected chief, usually elected with over an 80% majority. From each ward, there is also a chief that is elected along with these there are also four members elected or nominated.

</doc>
<doc id="19640341" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19640341" title="Pheia">
Pheia

Pheia is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae.

</doc>
<doc id="19640351" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19640351" title="Yarsa">
Yarsa

Yarsa is a village development committee in Rasuwa District in the Bagmati Zone of northern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3414 people living in 705 individual households.
Government.
The purpose of Village Development Committees is to organise village people structurally at a local level and creating a partnership between the community and the public sector for improved service delivery system. A VDC has a status as an autonomous institution and authority for interacting with the more centralised institutions of governance in Nepal. In doing so, the VDC gives village people an element of control and responsibility in development, and also ensures proper utilization and distribution of state funds and a greater interaction between government officials, NGOs and agencies. The village development committees within a given area will discuss education, water supply, basic health, sanitation and income and will also monitor and record progress which is displayed in census data.
In VDCs there is one elected chief, usually elected with over an 80% majority. From each ward, there is also a chief that is elected along with these there are also four members elected or nominated.

</doc>
<doc id="19640357" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19640357" title="Phenacomorpha">
Phenacomorpha

Phenacomorpha is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae. It contains the single species Phenacomorpha bisecta, which is found in Australia.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19640360" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19640360" title="Philenora">
Philenora

Philenora is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae.
Taxonomy.
"Ochrota" is treated as a synonym of "Philenora" by some sources.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19640372" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19640372" title="Phlogomera">
Phlogomera

Phlogomera is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae. It contains the single species "Phlogomera bicolor".
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19640376" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19640376" title="Phlyctaenogastra">
Phlyctaenogastra

Phlyctaenogastra is a genus of moth in the family Arctiidae.
Species.
The genus consists of three species: 
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19640384" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19640384" title="Phoenicoprocta">
Phoenicoprocta

Phoenicoprocta is a genus of moth in the family Arctiidae.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19640396" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19640396" title="Phoeniostacta">
Phoeniostacta

Phoeniostacta is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae. It contains the single species "Phoeniostacta haematobasis".
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19640403" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19640403" title="Phragmatobia">
Phragmatobia

Phragmatobia is a scratch genus of moths in the Arctiidae family. Many tiger-moth species of small and medium size were described within this genus. However, only few are related to the type species:
Species.
All other species were separated into different genera, or still remain in "Phragmatobia" and wait for reviewers:

</doc>
<doc id="19640410" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19640410" title="33rd General Assembly of Nova Scotia">
33rd General Assembly of Nova Scotia

The 33rd General Assembly of Nova Scotia represented Nova Scotia between 1901 and 1906.
The Liberal Party led by George Henry Murray formed the government.
Thomas Robertson was chosen as speaker in 1902. Frederick Andrew Laurence was speaker from 1903 to 1904. Edward Matthew Farrell was named speaker in 1905.
The assembly was dissolved on May 22, 1906.
List of Members.
Notes:

</doc>
<doc id="19640418" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19640418" title="WJEZ">
WJEZ

WJEZ (98.9 FM, "Classic Hits 98.9") is a radio station licensed to the community of Dwight, Illinois, USA, and serving the greater Livingston County, Illinois, area. The station is owned by Cumulus Media and licensed to Cumulus Licensing LLC, which purchased the station from Townsquare Media. It airs a classic hits music format. In addition, the station superserves the area with news and information in addition to religious programming on Sundays and oldies music on Fridays.
The station was assigned the WJEZ call letters by the Federal Communications Commission on May 16, 2003.
WJEZ broadcasts the Chicago Cubs. Whenever the Cubs were playing the St. Louis Cardinals, sister stations WJBC and WJBC-FM carried the Cardinals radio broadcasts as well, making it so that the two sister stations carried the same game, but with different broadcasts. WJEZ broadcasts high school football games, along with WJBC's Friday night football show.
On November 29, 2012, WJEZ changed their format from adult contemporary to classic hits.

</doc>
<doc id="19640419" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19640419" title="Algos">
Algos

Algea (Ancient Greek: ) is used by Hesiod in the plural as the personification of sorrows and griefs, which are there represented as the daughters of Eris, Greek goddess of strife. "Algos" in Greek is a neuter noun literally meaning "pain". She or he was a sibling to Lethe, Limos, Horkos, and Ponos.
The name is related to the word suffix '-algia' denoting a painful condition.

</doc>
<doc id="19640420" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19640420" title="Phryganopsis">
Phryganopsis

Phryganopsis is a genus of moths in the Arctiidae family.

</doc>
<doc id="19640424" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19640424" title="Phryganopteryx">
Phryganopteryx

Phryganopteryx is a genus of moths in the Arctiidae family. The type species of this genus is "Phryganopteryx strigilata" Saalmüller, 1878

</doc>
<doc id="19640436" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19640436" title="Physetocneme">
Physetocneme

Physetocneme is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae. It contains the single species "Physetocneme ciliosa".
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19640438" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19640438" title="Northern Failures">
Northern Failures

Northern Failures is an album by Cable, released in 2001 by Hydra Head Records. The album was produced by Steve Austin of Today Is The Day, the first of three releases he would produce for the group, and the band's last record for Hydra Head Records. "Can't You See" is Marshall Tucker Band cover. According to drummer Vic Szalaj, much of the album, from its title to the lyrics, were inspired by a 10 day trip he and bassist/vocalist Randy Larsen took to the White Mountains in New Hampshire.
Track listing.
All tracks written by Cable except #11.

</doc>
<doc id="19640439" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19640439" title="Bob Harrison (speedway rider)">
Bob Harrison (speedway rider)

Robert Edwin (Bob) Harrison (26 April 1906 in Mellor, England – 1964) was a former international speedway rider who featured in the first Speedway World Championship in final in 1936.
Career summary.
Harrison started his career with the Belle Vue Aces in 1929 and stayed with them until the outbreak of World War II in 1939. In 1930 he made his England debut in the first ever Test series against Australia. Harrsion was in the Aces team that won the National League championship four times in succession from 1933 to 1936. They also won the National Trophy four times between 1933 and 1937.
After the war Harrison was allocated to the West Ham Hammers by the Speedway Control Board. He scored well for the Hammers but a serious injury in 1947 affected him badly. A poor season in 1948 left Harrison contemplating retirement. After one meeting for West Ham in the 1949 season he transferred back to the Belle Vue Aces where he helped them win the National Trophy. Harrison retired from racing at the end of the season.

</doc>
<doc id="19640450" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19640450" title="Pitane (moth)">
Pitane (moth)

Pitane is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae. It contains the single species "Pitane fervens".
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19640461" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19640461" title="The Echo, the Arrow and the Chain">
The Echo, the Arrow and the Chain

The Echo, the Arrow and the Chain is a dance play by the Japanese choreographer Ikuyo Kuroda. , it is regularly shown on at the Helsinki City Theatre in Helsinki, Finland.
Plot.
"The Echo, the Arrow and the Chain" is performed by six dancer/actors, two men and four women. The play begins with one woman dancing in solitude. She then falls down and lies motionless. A man, who was playing the piano in background, comes forward and puts his chair over her. He presses a button on the chair, which causes it to light up in blue lights, at which point the woman stars shaking convulsively, and sobbing "Give it back to me, please". The man, oblivious to her pleas, performs a dance on top of the chair.
The man then takes the chair away, and the other dancers come on stage, dancing around and throwing flowers. One of the women is wearing a hood over her head. When the dancers run out of flowers, the hooded woman takes off her hood, and starts walking towards the man, introducing herself repeatedly and shaking increasingly as she nears the man. Once they meet, they embrace, the woman still shaking.
After this, all dancers run around, shouting at each other. One woman tells the story of a small, beautiful girl, who envied her big brother who used to play exciting hide-and-seek games in the woods with other boys. Then the dancers run around and shout at each other again. One woman falls down, and one man and another woman drag her around on her back. She is later picked up by them and another woman, who carry her off the stage following the other man.
One of the women comes on stage, wearing flashing lights underneath her dress. She kneels down, and one of the men sits on top of her, reading a children's picture book aloud to her. In the middle of the reading, the woman falls down, knocking the man over. They then leave.
One of the men comes back on stage, holding pieces of wood. He tells the audience not to worry, as "it's only..." He then drops the pieces of wood and begins dancing. The other dancers join him. All together, they perform a cheerful dance routine with happy music playing, during which they take off all their clothes except for flowers covering their intimate parts. After they have finished dancing, all the women and one man dress the other man in black clothes, covering his face in a black hood. They then leave.
All the dancers put their clothes back on and come back on stage, dressed all in black. They dance around, and after this, only one man remains. He then shouts in solitude. After he has left, the play ends, and the dancers come on stage together to receive applause.

</doc>
<doc id="19640462" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19640462" title="Pithea">
Pithea

Pithea is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae. It contains the single species "Pithea ferruginea".
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19640466" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19640466" title="Platarctia">
Platarctia

Platarctia is a genus of moth in the family Arctiidae.

</doc>
<doc id="19640468" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19640468" title="Platyprepia">
Platyprepia

Platyprepia is a genus of moth in the family Arctiidae.

</doc>
<doc id="19640475" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19640475" title="Pleurosoma">
Pleurosoma

Pleurosoma is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae. It contains the single species "Pleurosoma angustata".
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19640479" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19640479" title="Pliniola">
Pliniola

Pliniola is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae. It contains the single species "Pliniola nigristriata".
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19640481" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19640481" title="Plumareola">
Plumareola

Plumareola is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae. It contains the single species "Plumareola lineola".
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19640485" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19640485" title="Podomachla">
Podomachla

Podomachla is a genus of moth in the family Arctiidae.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19640487" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19640487" title="Poecilarctia">
Poecilarctia

Poecilarctia is a genus of moth in the family Arctiidae. It consists of only one species, Poecilarctia venata, which can be found in Zimbabwe and Malawi.

</doc>
<doc id="19640489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19640489" title="Poecilosoma">
Poecilosoma

Poecilosoma is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae.

</doc>
<doc id="19640491" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19640491" title="Poliodule">
Poliodule

Poliodule is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19640493" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19640493" title="Jasper Mills, Ohio">
Jasper Mills, Ohio

Jasper Mills is an unincorporated community in Jasper Township, Fayette County, Ohio, United States. It is located along U.S. Route 22, three miles west of Washington Court House.

</doc>
<doc id="19640497" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19640497" title="Poliopastea">
Poliopastea

Poliopastea is a genus of moth in the family Arctiidae.

</doc>
<doc id="19640501" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19640501" title="Poliosia">
Poliosia

Poliosia is a genus of moths in the Arctiidae family.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19640508" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19640508" title="Pompiliodes">
Pompiliodes

Pompiliodes is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19640514" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19640514" title="Pompilopsis">
Pompilopsis

Pompilopsis is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae. It contains the single species "Pompilopsis tarsalis".
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19640523" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19640523" title="Ipswich Borough Council">
Ipswich Borough Council

Ipswich Borough Council is the Borough Council that covers Ipswich in Suffolk.
Ipswich Borough Council is the second tier of a two-tier Council System. Ipswich Borough Council is a non-metropolitan district fulfilling functions such as refuse collection, housing and planning with Suffolk County Council providing County Council services such as transport, education and social services.
It was founded in 1974 after the abolition of the County Borough of Ipswich.
Between 1979 and September 2004, Ipswich Borough Council was under Labour control. The town was then governed by a Conservative-Liberal Democrat coalition until May 2011 when it reverted to Labour. The current Borough Council Leader is Labour's parliamentary candidate for the next General Election David Ellesmere.
In April 2006 the borough council initiated public discussions about the idea of turning the borough into a unitary authority (Ipswich had constituted a county borough from 1889 to 1974, independent of the administrative county of East Suffolk, and this status was not restored by the Banham/Cooksey Commission in the 1990s). Ipswich, Norwich, Exeter and Oxford united to campaign for unitary authority status for the four towns, hoping to use the window of opportunity presented by the October 2006 Local Government White Paper. In March 2007, it was announced that Ipswich was one of sixteen shortlisted councils and on 25 July 2007, the Secretary of state announced that she was minded to implement the unitary proposal for Ipswich, but that there were 'a number of risks relating to the financial case set out in the proposal', on which she invited Ipswich to undertake further work before a final decision is taken. Early in December plans were thrown into doubt as the Government announced that it had 'delayed' the unitary bids for Ipswich and Exeter. In July 2008 the Boundary Committee announced their preferred option was for a unitary authority covering Ipswich and the south-eastern corner of Suffolk (including Felixstowe).
The borough is covered by two parliamentary constituencies: Ipswich, which covers about 75% and is represented by Conservative MP Ben Gummer, and Central Suffolk & North Ipswich, which covers the remaining 25% and is represented by Conservative MP Daniel Poulter.

</doc>
<doc id="19640525" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19640525" title="Prabhasa">
Prabhasa

Prabhasa is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae.
Most species were previously placed in the genus "Eilema".

</doc>
<doc id="19640531" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19640531" title="Praemastus">
Praemastus

Praemastus is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19640541" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19640541" title="Premolis">
Premolis

Premolis is a genus of moth in the family Arctiidae.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19640547" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19640547" title="Preparctia">
Preparctia

Preparctia is a genus of moth in the family Arctiidae.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19640551" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19640551" title="Prepiella">
Prepiella

Prepiella is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19640565" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19640565" title="Procalypta">
Procalypta

Procalypta is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae. It contains the single species "Procalypta subcyanea".
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19640567" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19640567" title="The Grasslands Trust">
The Grasslands Trust

The Grasslands Trust (registered charity 1097893) was established in 2002 and was the only organisation in the UK which focuses solely on one of the most threatened native habitats; wildlife rich grasslands. Their aim was to protect and restore grassland habitats for the benefit of wildlife and people.
The Grasslands Trust has raised over £1.4 million for the cause, which enabled them to save five sites of national importance, provide free advice to over 700 landowners, statutory bodies and partner organisations on grassland management, and lobby for better legal protection. They worked to get local communities more involved with their local grasslands.
The charity closed in 2012 due to cash problems.

</doc>
<doc id="19640568" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19640568" title="Procanthia">
Procanthia

Procanthia is a genus of moth in the family Arctiidae.

</doc>
<doc id="19640576" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19640576" title="Kangua">
Kangua

Kangua (Kaagua) is a village in the Solomon Islands, on Rennell Island in the Rennell and Bellona province.
It has a population of approximately 115 people, and the majority religion is the Seventh-day Adventist Church. It is located west of Tigoa Police Post, approximately a 30 minute drive along Copperhead Rd, and the last village and there is a sports field at the end of the road. Kangua has one primary school which the majority of children in the village attend.
The helicopter landing field dimensions are 100m long and 60m wide. There is a house on the western side of the playing ground situated back from a row of trees that border the field. It is the original place called Kaagua, owned by the descendants of Teikabego the son of Tuhenua II who was given the northern side of Mugihenua by his father chief Temoa IV of Segena (Te hakanoho'anga 'oo Mugihenua). On either side of the road, at the eastern side of the playing field, are a number of buildings, a church and a house. The playing field itself is bordered by high coconut trees and is covered with ankle to waist high scrub.

</doc>
<doc id="19640588" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19640588" title="2004 Kremlin Cup">
2004 Kremlin Cup

The 2004 Kremlin Cup was a tennis tournament played on indoor carpet courts. It was the 14th edition of the Kremlin Cup, and was part of the International Series of the 2004 ATP Tour, and of the Tier I Series of the 2004 WTA Tour. It took place at the Olympic Stadium in Moscow, Russia, from October 11 through October 17, 2004. The tournament ended up with victories by Russian players in both male and female singles/doubles competitions and Elena Dementieva additionally finished runner-up in the women's singles. Anastasia Myskina won the ladies singles and the doubles with Vera Zvonareva.

</doc>
<doc id="19640618" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19640618" title="Caenagnathoidea">
Caenagnathoidea

Caenagnathoidea ("recent jaw forms") is a group of advanced oviraptorosaurian dinosaurs from the Cretaceous Period of what are now Asia and North America. They are distinct for their characteristically short, beaked, parrot - like skulls, often with bony crests atop the head. They ranged in size from "Caudipteryx", which was the size of a turkey, to the 8 meter long, 1.4 ton "Gigantoraptor". The group (along with all maniraptoran dinosaurs) is close to the ancestry of birds. The most complete specimens have been found in Asia, representing members of the sub-group Oviraptorinae. Notable but fragmentary remains are also known from North America, almost all of which belong to the subgroup Elmisaurinae.
The earliest definitive caenangnathoid is "Microvenator celer", which dates to the late Aptian age of the early Cretaceous period, though the slightly earlier "Caudipteryx" from the lower Yixian Formation of China, may also be a member of this group.
Classification.
The internal classification of the oviraptorosaurs has also been controversial. Most early studies divided them into two primary sub-groups, the Caenagnathidae and the Oviraptoridae. The Oviraptoridae was further divided into the small, short-armed, and crestless subfamily Ingeniinae, and the larger, crested, long-armed Oviraptorinae. However, later phylogenetic studies showed that many traditional members of the Caenagnathidae were in fact more closely related to the crested oviraptorids. Because "Caenagnathus" itself is no longer considered part of this group, the subfamiliy is usually now termed the Elmisaurinae. The taxonomy here follows the one presented by Thomas Holtz, Jr. in 2010 unless otherwise noted.
The following cladogram follows an analysis by Phil Senter, 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="19640649" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19640649" title="Dihydroxyphenylethylene glycol">
Dihydroxyphenylethylene glycol

Dihydroxyphenylethylene glycol (DOPEG) is a metabolite of norepinephrine.

</doc>
<doc id="19640663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19640663" title="Hans Herter">
Hans Herter

Hans Herter (8 June 1899 – 7 November 1984) was a German Classical philologist who was for many years Director of the Rheinischen Museum für Philologie, Bonn. His main interests lay in the works of Thucydides and Plato. Among his prominent students is Heinz-Günther Nesselrath.

</doc>
<doc id="19640664" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19640664" title="Gunston Street">
Gunston Street

About.
Comic Strip.
Gunston Street is a weekly comic strip that is written and illustrated by Basil Zaviski. The main character Phil, is based on Basil's father Phillip Zaviski, who served with Basil in the same National Guard Unit for over 7 years. Although the main character is based on his father, the strips are that of Basil Zaviski's experiences. The heavy leaning storyline of the main character "Phil" tends to focus on the life and times of your average Army National Guardsman and their daily struggles with deployments, family and combat.
Author.
Basil Zaviski has served over 15 years with the Unit Co.F 425 Airborne Infantry (LRS) "Long Range Surveillance" and was deployed to Iraq for 15 months spanning 2004. The comic strip has been around since 1991, and has been reportedly rejected by syndicates for being niche claiming that the average reader cannot connect with the military theme. Zaviski's reply,"That's fine with me. I see my job as giving the
troops entertainment, not pleasing the syndicates. I enjoy what I do,
and who I do it for." The creator feels that is his job.

</doc>
<doc id="19640708" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19640708" title="Mar de Cortés International Airport">
Mar de Cortés International Airport

The Mar de Cortés International Airport is the first fully privately funded airport in Mexico. It was built by Grupo Vidanta and is located in La Jolla de Cortés, near Puerto Peñasco in the state of Sonora. The airport’s concrete runway is the fourth runway in Mexico to be built entirely with concrete provided by Cemex. In addition the airport was awarded a Premio Obras Cemex in 2007.
The airport was inaugurated on November 5, 2009 when President Felipe Calderón's presidential plane landed on the runway for the Border Governors' meeting. The airport will be able to handle airplanes of Boeing 767 size and larger. The runway is 2500 meters long and 60 meters wide. The main terminals of the airport are now open. Once finished, this airport will be one of the most important in Mexico. The airport is located 15 minutes from the city of Puerto Peñasco and 5 minutes from some of the larger hotel and condominium developments by the Sea of Cortés.
Once fully operational, the airport will be receiving flights from all over the world. Some of the shorter flights will be coming from the U.S. states of Arizona, Nevada, and California, as well as other important cities in Mexico. 
As of October 31, 2009 the airport is officially open to the public, and is operating as a Mexican Airport of Entry (M-AOE).

</doc>
<doc id="19640722" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19640722" title="Wonder World Amusement Park">
Wonder World Amusement Park

Wonder World Amusement Park is a video game for seventh generation consoles developed by Majesco Games and published by Coyote Console.
Gameplay.
Wonder World features a Carnival setting and an array of mini-games based on Carnival Games. Games include Ring Toss, Basketball and Knife Throwing. Players for the DS use the stylus to push or throw the necessary items, most common technique is via a simple flick upwards.

</doc>
<doc id="19640741" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19640741" title="Gongona">
Gongona

Gongona is a small village in the Solomon Islands, on Rennell Island in the Rennell and Bellona province, with a population of only about 150 people. It is located at east of Tigoa, on the southern side of Copperhead road, and features a helicopter lading site. It is best known for its Sporting events, which occur every Thursday, with over 300 people attending..

</doc>
<doc id="19640743" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19640743" title="Andrew Gunn (film producer)">
Andrew Gunn (film producer)

Andrew Gunn (born July 15, 1967 in Toronto, Ontario, Canada) is a film producer. His production company, Gunn Films, was started in 2001. He has worked with Walt Disney Pictures to produce movies such as "Freaky Friday" and "Sky High".
Gunn Films' latest release is Disney's "Race to Witch Mountain", a re-imagining of the classic 1975 film "Escape to Witch Mountain", starring Dwayne Johnson.
Filmography(producer).
Current:
Past:

</doc>
<doc id="19640754" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19640754" title="Lelystad Zuid railway station">
Lelystad Zuid railway station

Lelystad Zuid is a railway station in the south of Lelystad, the Netherlands. While constructed, the station is not planned to open before 2025.
The station is located in a currently unbuilt area of Lelystad. In 1988, this area was planned to be developed heavily for residential purposes, but demand for houses in Lelystad was not as big as previously thought and the planned neighbourhood of Warande was never built. 
However, towards the end of 2008, construction at Warande started again and it was initially hoped that the construction will be completed between 2015 and 2020. In February 2011, Nederlandse Spoorwegen said it does not expect to use the station before 2025.

</doc>
<doc id="19640774" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19640774" title="Prashant Ranyal">
Prashant Ranyal

Prashant Ranyal is an Indian television and film actor. He was seen in the TV shows "Kasamh Se" and "Parvarrish – Kuchh Khattee Kuchh Meethi". He made his film debut in 2011 with the Bollywood film "Love U...Mr. Kalakaar!".

</doc>
<doc id="19640776" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19640776" title="Arunima Sharma">
Arunima Sharma

Arunima Sharma (born November 18, 1979) is an Indian actor, who is mostly known for playing Rano Bali in the soap opera on Zee TV, "Kasamh Se". The character Rano is the youngest sister of protagonist Bani Walia.
Arunima was born in Assam and moved to Mumbai in 1997 for further studies. She has also been a part of popular TV show, Kaisa Yeh Pyar Hai. While she was in the show, Arunima was known to play the brainy sister. Arunima left Kasamh Se due to back pain. In addition, she wanted to spend more time with her family. Arunima was replaced by Pallavi Subhash Chandran. Also, Arunima played Sonu Agarwal in the Star Plus series "Kahani Ghar Ghar Ki" from 2006 to 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="19640791" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19640791" title="Seema Bhargav">
Seema Bhargav

Seema is an Indian soap opera actress. She played Maasi, or Aunt on Kasamh Se, a popular Zee TV soap opera by Ekta Kapoor. The character is very kind and loving towards her nephew and his wife Bani Walia, the protagonist.

</doc>
<doc id="19640796" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19640796" title="Tahanuku">
Tahanuku

Tahanuku is a village in the Solomon Islands, on Rennell Island in the Rennell and Bellona province. The province is the only province in the Solomon Islands where all the inhabitants are Polynesians.
Overview.
Tahanuku village is some distance from the Tigoa police post and in the middle of the village on the southern side of Copperhead road is the sports field. It is the most populous of the three villages in ward four. 
A single elected provincial member usually represent the villagers under ward four in provincial level. Ward four is often referred to as the Kanaba district when on the island.
The village is the only mountainous village in Rennell. Most of the villagers build their houses on the rocky forest and coconut palm hills that surround the field and along the road. The villagers also have access to numerous cave waters, with the largest 20 meter in diameter, and an as yet unmeasured depth. This cave's water and open pools are very cold and clean with tiny stones at the bottom, which are good for drinking and swimming. 
Most of the villagers, as on the rest of the island are subsistence farmers. Crops include sweet potato and yam as well as the taro that is grown in swampy areas. Visitors are usually welcomed with a coconut before receiving prepared meals. 
At the south of the village, a truck trail leads to Lughuhi Bay, one of the only loading ports in Rennell accessible by heavy machines.The road was constructed by a Japanese mining company, the MITSUI. In one part of the road, there are eight turning points before reaching the cliff top from the coast. The road stretches seven and a half kilometers. There are many interesting sites to see along the road, while listening to noises of various unique birds. Villagers often use this track for hunting birds, like pigeon.
Leadership.
The village has a traditional chief and is also guided by Christian religious leaders from the South Sea Evangelical Church, one of the five main churches in the Solomon Islands. The leaders usually organize and maintain the social integrity of the village. The ringing of church bells is a regular sound at dusk and dawn announcing worship services. They are held at the church building located on one of the small hills in the center of the village. 
Social services.
There is only a primary school in the village. There is also a clinic, but no doctor or nurse and rarely any medicines. Sick patients have to go to the provincial hospital at Tigoa or wait for a visit by the provincial health workers.
Recreation site.
The layout of the field is a well used play ground for the locals. The dimensions are 30m and 50m wide at the western and eastern ends respectively and 44m and 57m long at the southern and northern ends respectively. Houses are quite close to both the southern and eastern edges. There is high ground to the west north and east which puts properties higher than the field and many have iron roofs, because of strong winds now usually experienced in the beginning of new years.

</doc>
<doc id="19640802" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19640802" title="Ewout Irrgang">
Ewout Irrgang

Ewout Irrgang (born July 20, 1976 in Utrecht) is a former Dutch politician, anti-globalization activist and banking employee. As a member of the Socialist Party (Socialistische Partij) he was an MP from October 6, 2005 to September 19, 2012. He focused on matters of finance, development aid and globalization.
Irrgang studied political science at VU University Amsterdam and economics at the University of Amsterdam. He is the founder and head of the New Republican Society.

</doc>
<doc id="19640808" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19640808" title="Roshni Chopra">
Roshni Chopra

Roshni Chopra is an Indian actress, television presenter and the winner of NDTV Imagine's reality show, "Dil Jeetegi Desi Girl".
She is known for playing the role of Pia, the younger sister of protagonist Bani Walia in "Kasamh Se" on Zee TV. An alumnus of the Our Own English High School, she was also the presenter of the pre and post-match cricket show on Doordarshan known as "Fourth Umpire". Chopra was also one of the three hosts of the Indian variant of "Got Talent" series known as, "India's Got Talent" in 2009.
Chopra starred in Vikram Bhatt's film, "Phhir", which released in August 12, 2011. She has hosted the show "Comedy Circus Teen Ka Tadka" on Sony TV, and is currently the anchor of 'Heroes - Moments and Memories' on "Star Sports". She also made an appearance in "Maut Ka Khel", an episode of the horror TV series, "Aahat" on Sony TV.She is currently working in Comedy Nights With Kapil on Colours.
She was seen in the show "Pyaar Mein Twist" which aired on Star Plus from 29 January 2011.
Chopra gave birth to her first child, a son Jaiveer on November 5, 2012. Her younger sister, Deeya Chopra is also an actress.

</doc>
<doc id="19640837" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19640837" title="Ealdred (bishop of Cornwall)">
Ealdred (bishop of Cornwall)

Ealdred was a medieval Bishop of Cornwall. He was consecrated between 981 and 993. He died between 1002 and 1018.
In 994, King Æthelred of England removed the diocese of Cornwall from the supervision of the bishop of Crediton. The diploma granting the liberty of the diocese declares that it was written by Sigeric, archbishop of Canterbury, although it is unlikely that it was actually written by his own hand.

</doc>
<doc id="19640889" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19640889" title="Almere Poort railway station">
Almere Poort railway station

Almere Poort is a railway station in the city of Almere in the Dutch province of Flevoland. It is located on the Flevolijn and is expected to replace Almere Strand railway station as the city's sixth railway station.
The opening of the station was first planned for 2007, but it was finally opened on 9 December 2012. The station serves the new borough Almere Poort which is also under development since 2007 and will have 11,000 dwellings when it is finished.
Train services.
The station is served by the following services:

</doc>
<doc id="19640904" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19640904" title="Brihtwold">
Brihtwold

Brihtwold was a medieval Bishop of Cornwall.
He was the uncle of his successor, Lyfing and died in 1027.

</doc>
<doc id="19640931" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19640931" title="Galina Vinogradova">
Galina Vinogradova

Galina Vinogradova (née Galkina) is a Russian orienteering competitor. She received a silver medal in the "relay" event at the 2008 World Orienteering Championships in Olomouc, together with Yulia Novikova and Tatiana Ryabkina. She finished 4th in the "sprint event" at the same championship.

</doc>
<doc id="19640938" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19640938" title="Louis Lawson">
Louis Lawson

Louis Lawson (born 25 October 1921 in Southwell, Nottinghamshire, England) is a former international motorcycle speedway motorcyclist who finished third in the 1949 Speedway World Championship final.
Career summary.
Lawson spent his whole career with the Belle Vue Aces, winning the National Trophy three times. Lawson also featured in the England on eleven occasions.

</doc>
<doc id="19640997" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19640997" title="Sofie Johansson">
Sofie Johansson

Sofie Johansson (born 1 July 1985) is a Swedish orienteering competitor. She won a bronze medal in the "relay" event at the 2008 World Orienteering Championships in Olomouc, together with Annika Billstam and Helena Jansson. She finished 6th in the "long distance" at the same championship. Sofie lives in Uppsala and competes for OK Linné orienteering club.

</doc>
<doc id="19640998" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19640998" title="Bayard, Saskatchewan">
Bayard, Saskatchewan

Bayard, Saskatchewan is a hamlet located along highway 715, and is approximately 4 km Southwest of Claybank. Area was populated by Germanic immigrants primarily from Bukovina during the late 19th and early 20th Century.

</doc>
<doc id="19641030" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19641030" title="Zenú">
Zenú

The Zenú or Sinú is an Amerindian tribe in Colombia, whose ancestral territory comprises the valleys of the Sinu and San Jorge rivers as well as the coast of the Caribbean around the Gulf of Morrosquillo. These lands lie within the departments of Córdoba and Sucre.
The Zenú culture existed from about 200 BCE to about 1600 CE, constructing major water works and producing gold ornaments. The gold that was often buried with their dead lured the Spanish conquerors, who looted much of the gold. With the arrival of the Spaniards, the tribe all but died out. The 16th-century Spanish chroniclers wrote about the Zenú who were still living there, but recorded little or nothing about the history of the Zenú. 
In 1966 the geographer James Parsons drew attention to rake-like patterns that were visible on aerial photographs of the wetlands in the lower reaches of the river San Jorge, patterns that could not have arisen naturally. Ten years later a major reconstructive research started.
Pre-Columbian period.
Around 200 BCE, communities of farmers and goldsmiths lived in the valleys of the Sinú, San Jorge, Cauca and lower Nechí rivers, all culturally related with similar artistic expressions, concepts of life and death, and environmental practices. Their means of subsistence were hunting, farming, fishing, and trading in raw materials and finished products. Around 950 CE, about 160 inhabitants per square kilometer lived in the San Jorge basin. After 1100, the Zenú population decreased for unknown reasons and moved to higher pastures that did not flood, requiring no drainage works, where they lived until the Spanish conquest.
Waterworks.
The inland delta formed by the San Jorge River, the Cauca River, the Magdalena River and the Nechí River, south-west of Santa Cruz de Mompox, frequently flooded during the rainy season in the mountains from April to November, causing great inconvenience to the residents of the plains. Therefore, from 200 BCE onwards these people built a system of channels that enabled them to control the flooding and make large areas practical for habitation and agriculture. The system was expanded continually. Covering 500,000 hectares between 200 BCE and 1000 CE, it was at its greatest extent in the San Jorge basin, but channels were also constructed in the lower reaches of the rivers Cauca and Sinú. 
The Zenú dug channels, sometimes as long as four kilometers, connected to the natural waterways. Perpendicular to these channels, smaller irrigation ditches were dug. The soil left by the excavations was used to build long artificial terraces, two to four meters high, on which they built their houses. During times of high water, the channels led the water to areas where crops were grown. When the water withdrew, the nutrient-rich sludge was used to enrich the land. This system of water management was used over a period of 1300 years. 
After the Spanish conquest, the drainage system probably did not function anymore, because the chroniclers made no mention of it. Although the system has now been overtaken by marshes, the channel patterns are still detectable in the landscape.
Symbol of fertility.
In the Zenú culture, women were the symbol of fertility, wisdom and respect. Female characters were frequently portrayed in clay and placed in the graves of the dead as a symbol of human and agricultural fertility. The presence of these statuettes in the grave symbolized conception and rebirth in the underworld, in the same way that seeds germinate and grow. During the funeral ceremony, which was attended by the whole community with music and dance, a mound was built over the grave. On top of the mound a tree was planted, and golden bells were hung in the branches. The golden breastplates that important women and chiefs wore during ceremonies symbolized the pregnancy of women and the virility of men. The roundness of the mound, like the roundness of a breastplate, was an allusion to the place where pregnancy and birth took place. Thus, women possessed great social and political significance. When the Zenú culture was discovered by the Spaniards in the 16th century, the religious center of Finzenú at the river Sinú was led by Toto, a female chief who governed several nearby villages.
Gold ornaments.
The web of canals was reflected in their art, culture, and symbolic thinking. For the Zenú, the world seemed to be a large wicker-work, on which living beings were placed. This symbolism is reflected in the patterns of fishing nets, textiles, pottery and goldwork. As the web of channels was the place where daily life took place, so also did people and animals appear in the metallic fabric of cast semi-filigree earrings. 
Semi-filigree, which was not woven with gold thread but cast using the lost wax method, was the characteristic feature of the decoration of Zenú goldwork. Next to casting, gold was also hammered into plates and reliefs. Gold ornaments typically were made of an alloy with a high degree of gold. Waterfowl, alligators, fish, cat, and deer figures were sources of food as well as elements of their culture. The animal world was depicted in gold pendants and in gold ornaments to be placed on the head of a staff.
Textiles and wickerwork.
Pre-Columbian textiles and wickerwork of the Zenú are almost completely lost, but the tools they used for production these items, such as needles and spindles made of bone, shells, and ceramics, did survive. The development of woven fabrics can be traced from numerous representations in gold and ceramic objects. Women were portrayed with long woven skirts with a variety of patterns.
Zenú identity.
The themes expressed in gold or ceramics show that the various communities in these areas were politically and religiously related. The designs on textiles and clay baskets, the female clay figurines, and the construction of the burial mounds were similar for all the people of these river valleys. Like the channel system, which remained in use for many centuries, these cultural features lasted a long time and are part of what is called the Zenú tradition. Artisans from different localities in the area, however, expressed these ideas in their own way, making it possible to distinguish between them. Nevertheless, they showed a common Zenú identity.
After the Spanish conquest.
Zenúes of the river valleys.
From 1100 onwards, the Zenú population declined for unknown reasons, and until the Spanish conquest the Zenú lived on higher pastures around Ayapel, Montelibano, and Betanci. On their plunder raids, the Spaniards discovered the area by traveling via the Sinú River. 
Under the Zenú, each valley made up its own province. The Sinú valley was called Finzenú, with its capital, Zenú. At the time of the Spanish conquest, Finzenú was governed by a woman, Toto. Their most important holy place and the cemetery where dignitaries were buried was at Zenú, near the marsh Betanci. The San Jorge basin where food was grown was called Panzenú, governed by Yapel, with its main political center in Ayapel. Zenúfana, governed by Nutibara, between the rivers Cauca and Nechí, was the primary place where gold was produced. 
According to the Zenú, Chief Zenúfana, a mythical figure, had governed the lower Cauca and Nechí area. During the Spanish conquest, he was regarded as the foremost of the ancient chiefs because he organized the whole territory of Great Zenú and assigned political, economic and religious duties to the chiefs of Finzenú and Panzenú, who were his relatives. He had enacted laws and regulations that were still in force when Pedro de Heredia invaded the country. The three chiefs had complementary political, religious and economic duties.
Zenúes in the mountains of San Jacinto.
Related groups of Zenú goldsmiths, merchants, and sailors lived around the time of the Spanish conquest in the mountains of San Jacinto and on the banks of the Magdalena River. They distinguished themselves, however, from the lowland Zenúes who used cemeteries and burial mounds, by burying their dead in large pots which were placed under the floors of their homes. 
Unlike the goldsmiths in the river valleys, these goldsmiths used gold alloys which contained a relatively large amount of copper. These were objects for mass use. To give the surface of these objects a golden appearance, they were subjected to a chemical heating process. This dissolved the copper at the surface while the gold stayed behind. The gilding is often worn away in the course of time, revealing oxidized copper. 
These items are similar to those of the lowland culture: fine cast circular and semi-circular filigree earrings, nose rings with horizontal extensions, pendants adorned with richly attired people, circular or n-shaped nose rings, staff heads, bells, and amphibious people with headdresses. Some designs are realistic, others stylized. People are naturalistically portrayed: people holding gourds, musicians with flutes and maracas, people sitting on chairs with a high back, or standing. 
Wildlife from the rugged mountains are often portrayed on these items, but animals from the marsh and river areas are also depicted. A typical feature of the objects produced in the mountains of San Jacinto is the representation of scenes, such as ducks sitting on a branch, a feline figure fighting with an alligator, or a man holding the claws of a bird of prey. Birds, feline and amphibious figures are the animals that are associated with men. 
Men and animals, in general, retain their own characteristics, like beautifully attired dignitaries with very stylized bodies, but images have also been found with anthropomorphic portrayals of various beings. These depict a human face and a headdress resembling a bird's crest, with the body of an animal from a swampy area, like a fish, a lizard, or a crustacean.
Some characteristics of their goldwork were unique to these mountain people, but their work is closely related to that of the Zenúes from the rivers. Since many items come from the mountains of San Jacinto, it may have been an important production center. It is unknown when the production of goldwork started in this area, but given the similarity of themes and techniques with those of the goldwork found in river valleys that was already being produced by 200 BCE, it could have started a long time ago. Carbon dating has shown that the production of San Jacinto certainly continued until after the Spanish conquest.
Modern times.
Excessive taxation, forced labor, and western diseases caused the decline of the Zenú population after the arrival of the Spanish. The Zenú language disappeared around 200 years ago. The King of Spain designated 83,000 hectares in San Andrés de Sotavento as a Zenú reserve in 1773. This reserve existed until it was dissolved by the National Assembly of Colombia in 1905. 
The Indian population has fought for the restoration of the reserve, and in 1990 San Andrés de Sotavento was restored as a Zenú reserve with a land area of 10,000 hectares (later 23,000). Here a community of approximately 33,000 inhabitants holds on to centuries-old traditions. 
To them, the plaiting and weaving still connect to their daily lives. It is like recreating their representation of the universe, because weaving brings together knowledge, nature (the fibers), and something substantial, which is the product itself. Weaving both creates and represents their culture. The sombrero vueltiao is a characteristic example of contemporary Zenú weaving.

</doc>
<doc id="19641056" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19641056" title="War Heroes (comics)">
War Heroes (comics)

War Heroes is a six-issue limited series from Image Comics, written by Mark Millar, with art by Tony Harris.
Millar has said ""War Heroes" is everything I've been leading up to with "Civil War", "Ultimates", "The Authority", "Kick-Ass" and "Wanted"" and "This is what my "Ultimates 3" would have been if Bryan and I had stuck around." 
Publication history.
The 6-issue limited series started August 2008 but as of January 2014 only three issues have been published.
Plot.
Set in an alternate timeline during the coalition wars in Afghanistan and Iraq, the detonation of a nuclear bomb in Washington D.C. prompts the United States administration to expand the coalition War on Terror to include Iran, as well as institute martial law in the United States. As American casualties increase, morale and public support declines with the economy, reducing America's standing in the world. Lacking the necessary recruits, the US Military boosts enlistment by distributing pills to its soldiers which confer upon them various superpowers, tipping the scale in the war.
The story focus on a group of disenchanted American con artists, who enlist in the military to steal the pills and sell them to foreign investors at $10 million before planning to desert. Initially, however, the con artists had no knowledge of the identity of their clients that they were to sell to until it was revealed to be the terrorist organization, Al-Qaeda. When one of the con artists' brother (a war hero) is taken prisoner in an attack by a super-powered member of Al-Qaeda, the con artists set about rescuing him from a public execution.
Reception.
David Wallace reviewed the first issue for Comics Bulletin and concluded that "this is a solid debut that sets up the book's premise quickly and efficiently, and shows a lot of potential for the future." Richard Renteria at Newsarama agrees saying "Millar deftly sets into motion a series of events that are perfectly captured by Harris’ detailed and eye-catching art." 
The first issue had sales estimates of 30,637 putting it at 77th in the sales charts.
Film.
In September 2008 it was announced that "War Heroes" had been optioned by Sony, with Michael DeLuca as producer and Millar taking an executive producer role.

</doc>
<doc id="19641063" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19641063" title="Animal!">
Animal!

Animal! is the second full-length album chosen and released by Margot & the Nuclear So and So's, the first on Epic Records. It is being co-released with the label's choice, Not Animal. It was recorded at Engine Studios in Chicago, IL. Brian Deck produced the album and it was engineered by Neil Strauch.

</doc>
<doc id="19641074" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19641074" title="Syncopated City">
Syncopated City

Syncopated City is fourth studio album and sixth album overall by liquid funk act London Elektricity. It was released on LP on September 1, 2008, on CD on the September 26, 2008, and via digital download a day later. Before release, several of the songs featured on the album were played on the Hospital Podcast presented by London Elektricity frontman Tony Colman.
The day after release, on September 27, 2008 London Elektricity performed at "World of Drum & Bass: The Big One" festival in Moscow, Russia, that was headlined by LTJ Bukem & MC Conrad.
The album features vocals by Tony Colman, with Liane Carroll taking lead vocals on 5 of the tracks. Elsa Hedberg (aka Elsa Esmeralda) and Tomahawk also feature as vocalists on "Just One Second" and "Attack Ships On Fire" respectively.
LP release lacks "South Eastern Dream", "Attack Ships on Fire", "Outnumbered" and "Syncopated City Revisited" tracks, but has a unique song named "Maybe I Was Wrong" featuring vocalist Pat Fulgoni.
"Maybe I Was Wrong" was later released on Japanese special edition CD on Nov 30, 2008 as one of the bonus tracks.
A promotional video was shot for "All Hell Is Breaking Loose" single.
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19641104" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19641104" title="Bengt Levin">
Bengt Levin

Bengt Levin is a Swedish orienteering competitor. He received a silver medal in the "relay" event at the 1981 World Orienteering Championships in Thun, and a bronze medal in Zalaegerszeg in 1983. 

</doc>
<doc id="19641119" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19641119" title="Not Animal">
Not Animal

Not Animal is the second full-length album released by Margot and the Nuclear So and So's, the first on Epic Records. It is being co-released with the band-selected version, Animal!. It was recorded at Engine Studios in Chicago, IL. Brian Deck produced the album and it was engineered by Neil Strauch.
Track listing.
The track "Hello Vagina" was used on the CW's "One Tree Hill (TV Series)", November 10, 2008, episode "Even Fairy Tale Characters Would Be Jealous".

</doc>
<doc id="19641144" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19641144" title="Arthur George Hill">
Arthur George Hill

Dr. Arthur George Hill (12 November 1857 – 16 June 1923) was a British organ builder and drawer.
Life.
Hill was born to Thomas Hill and Mary Sophie, who was the daughter of Rev. Charles Thorold, Rector of Ludborough, Lincolnshire. He was educated at the Westminster School and subsequently went to take a degree in the Natural Science Tripos at Jesus College, Cambridge. He took an interest in archaeology and architecture and published several books about Cambridgeshire. In 1882 he became a fellow of the Society of Antiquaries. He married Amy Williams in 1886 with whom he would have two daughters.
When he left Cambridge he began work at the organ building company, William Hill & Sons, founded by his grandfather William Hill. Thomas Hill had been the head of the company since William's death in 1871, and when Thomas died in 1893 Arthur took over. He led the company until its merger with the firm of Norman and Beard in 1916.
He became a "Docteur des lettres" at the University of Lille in 1913 on a thesis called "Christian Art in Spain". 
In June 1923 he fell ill with pneumonia and died shortly thereafter.

</doc>
<doc id="19641145" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19641145" title="Toxoptera citricida">
Toxoptera citricida

Toxoptera citricida (syn. "Toxoptera citricidus") is a species of aphid known by the common names brown citrus aphid, black citrus aphid, and oriental citrus aphid. It is a pest of citrus and vector for the pathogenic plant virus citrus tristeza virus. The aphid spread the virus through citrus groves in Brazil and Venezuela in the 1970s, leading to the near destruction of the citrus industry there. This aphid was first discovered in Florida in 1995.
The adult aphid is shiny black and wingless (aptera) or winged (alate or alatoid), and the nymph is dark reddish brown. The aphid feeds on new buds and leaves. The virus is transmitted when the aphid introduces it into the phloem of the plant.
In most parts of the world, there is no sexual reproductive stage in the autumn as there is in other aphid species and there are no males and no eggs. All the individuals are viviparous parthenogenetic females all year round. Populations increase very rapidly when the conditions are favourable. The nymphs mature in about a week at temperatures of 20 °C or higher. It has been calculated that a single aphid could produce over 4,400 offspring in three weeks in the absence of predation by natural enemies.

</doc>
<doc id="19641166" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19641166" title="Hutuna">
Hutuna

Hutuna (Sometimes spelt Hutuana) is a village in the Solomon Islands, on Rennell Island in the Rennell and Bellona province.
The village is in a beautiful setting with a sunken PBY Catalina Flying plane sitting in 4 metre of water about 50 metres off the shore. About 30 minutes boat ride from lake end or 1.5hrs walk from Tegano. There is a large playing field in the centre of the village.
Hutuna village is the site of the eighth People First Network email station, which was established in 2003. Hutuna was one of the sites which was included in the 2004 JICA-USP research on the impacts of the ICT on rural development.
Location.
Situated on Lake Tegano and most eastern village on the Island. This village is a 3hr drive from Tigoa to Te Vaitahe where the road ends at the lake foreshore. The village is a further 1hr boat trip.
Population.
300 people approx – Population fluctuates due to the number of people that leave their family to either go to work or school elsewhere in the Solomon Islands. Others return during the holidays or for Christmas.
Religion.
Seventh Day Adventist (SDA)
Police.
Generally policing is serviced by the Tigoa police station as well as a local Provincial government employed area Constable.
Email.
Hutuna @ pipolfastaem.com.sb

</doc>
<doc id="19641182" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19641182" title="Leandro Díaz (footballer)">
Leandro Díaz (footballer)

Leandro Javier Díaz Borzani (, born 26 June 1986) is an Argentine footballer that currently plays for Argentine Primera División side Quilmes as a Central midfielder.
Club career.
Boca Juniors.
Díaz played for the youth teams of Boca Juniors from 2004 and in 2005 he spent time in Spain with Ciudad de Murcia and Villarreal. He returned to Boca Juniors in 2006.
Huracán.
In 2007 he joined Huracán on a one-year loan. At the beginning of the 2008-09 season his loan was renewed.
On October 5, 2008, he scored a bicycle kick to give Huracán a victory over Independiente.

</doc>
<doc id="19641210" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19641210" title="Mark Lee (left-handed pitcher)">
Mark Lee (left-handed pitcher)

Mark Owen Lee (born July 20, 1964) is a former Major League Baseball pitcher. Lee pitched in all or part of four seasons between and . As a minor leaguer he was traded with Rey Palacios from the Detroit Tigers to the Kansas City Royals for Ted Power during the 1988 season.

</doc>
<doc id="19641260" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19641260" title="Athletics at the 1924 Summer Olympics – Men's 10,000 metres">
Athletics at the 1924 Summer Olympics – Men's 10,000 metres

The men's 10,000 metres event was part of the track and field athletics programme at the 1924 Summer Olympics. The competition was held on Sunday, July 6, 1924.
Paavo Nurmi the greatest long-distance runner at that time did not compete in this race, as the Finnish officials asked him not to start in this event. They thought he was entered in too many competitions. Only a few weeks after the Olympics on August 31 Nurmi set a new world record with 30:06.2 in Kuopio.
As for all other races the track was 500 metres in circumference.
The exact number of starters is unknown, but photographs show around 35 competitors. At least 33 - maybe 36 - long-distance runners from 16 nations competed.
Records.
These were the standing world and Olympic records (in minutes) prior to the 1924 Summer Olympics.
Ville Ritola set a new world record with 30:23.2 minutes.
Results.
It is unknown if Singh Randhawa, Mangaschia, and Redda actually competed.

</doc>
<doc id="19641333" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19641333" title="Dan Heimiller">
Dan Heimiller

Daniel Heimiller (born June 25, 1962) in is an American professional poker player who won the ½ Hold'em - ½ Seven-Card Stud event at the 2002 World Series of Poker. His total live tournament winnings exceed $2.2 million.
Heimiller was born in California and raised in Livonia, Michigan. At one time he was a Las Vegas Cab driver as well as an industrial engineer, who for over 25 years been playing a variety of poker events which includes the World Series of Poker (WSOP), the World Poker Tour (WPT) and the Professional Poker Tour (PPT). Dan Heimiller won Best All Around Player at the Commerce Casino in 1999. In one two-year period, Heimiller won nine tournaments and appeared at 33 final tables. He ranks 31st in all time cashes at the World Series of Poker including one WSOP bracelet and 11 final tables.
World Series of Poker.
Heimiller won his WSOP bracelet in the $2000 buy-in mixed game event that was made up of one-half Texas Hold'em and one-half Seven-card stud, defeating follow professional poker player Ram Vaswani during heads-up play, the final table at the event also included such notables as Paul 'Cigar' McKinney, Max Stern and Alan "Boston" Dvorkis. Heimiller has cashed 39 times at the WSOP besides the event in which he won his bracelet, Heimiller has also made 14 other WSOP final tables which includes finishing runner-up in for $63,580 in the 2001 WSOP $ 1,500 Seven Card Stud Hi-Lo Split Eight or Better event to CardPlayer Magazine publisher and CEO Barry Shulman. Finishing 3rd for $103,360 at 2001 WSOP $2,000 Limit Hold'em event won by Kevin Song and most recently placing 3rd at the 2008 WSOP $1,500 No Limit Hold'em event, earning $275,695 Heimiller has also cashed three times in the WSOP Main Event, in 2002, 2006 and 2007.
Online poker.
World Championship of Online Poker.
Heimiller playing under the PokerStars screen name "Lenny" ranks first in all time final tables with five and tied in fifth for all time cashes with 18 in the World Championship of Online Poker (WCOOP) including one bracelet from the 2003 WCOOP $300 buy-in Pot Limit Omaha High-Low event.
Other poker events.
Heimiller has cashed four times at the World Poker Tour, with his biggest cash being the 2008 Borgata Poker Open, where he finished in 3rd place for $387,500. He also finished 5th in a Professional Poker Tour event for $30,000 
At the 2009 European Poker Tour's PokerStars Caribbean Adventure, Heimiller made the final table and finished in seventh place, earning $300,000.
As of 2010, his total live tournament winnings exceed $2,900,000. His 36 cashes at the WSOP account for $1,025,279 of those winnings.

</doc>
<doc id="19641352" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19641352" title="Bob White (American football)">
Bob White (American football)

Loren "Bob" White played for Ohio State in the late 1950s. White played fullback and line on defense. In 1957 he and the Buckeyes won the Big Ten out right and lead Ohio State to a win in the 1958 Rose Bowl 10-7 over Oregon. In 1958 he led in scoring and rushing for the Buckeyes.
Achievements.
In 1958 Bob White was named First-Team All-American. He was also named Academic All-American Player of the Year in 1958. In 1957, 1958, and 1959 he was named an Ohio State Academic All-Big Ten Honoree. In 1958 White placed 4th as the Buckeyes Heisman Trophy finalist.

</doc>
<doc id="19641365" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19641365" title="Odyssey – The Essential School">
Odyssey – The Essential School

Odyssey – The Essential School is a public high school in SeaTac, Washington. It is one of three small schools at the Tyee Educational Complex, along with the Academy of Citizenship and Empowerment and Global Connections High School. It was founded in 2005 when Tyee High School converted into these three schools, and accredited individually in 2006. It is operated by the Highline School District.
The school's enrollment is less than 400, as required by the Coalition of Essential Schools in the conditions for the conversion grant. On the complex, Odyssey occupies the 800 building, on the top of the hill on the west side of campus, next to Chinook Middle School.
Odyssey combines with the other two Tyee schools to compete in athletics.

</doc>
<doc id="19641382" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19641382" title="Nerodimka">
Nerodimka

Nerodimka may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19641393" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19641393" title="Dogtown, St. Louis">
Dogtown, St. Louis

Location.
Dogtown is a traditionally Irish section of St. Louis, Missouri, best known for its annual St. Patrick’s Day Parade. It is located south of Forest Park, with its southeastern edge abutting the traditionally Italian section of town, The Hill neighborhood. The boundaries of Dogtown are Oakland Avenue on the north, Macklind Avenue on the east, and McCausland Avenue on the west. Its southern boundary is generally Manchester Avenue, but between Hampton and Dale Avenues, the southern boundary extends to Interstate 44. Dogtown is not one of the 79 Neighborhoods of St. Louis recognized by the city government. Rather, it is an area that includes four neighborhoods, and part of a fifth: 
History.
Dogtown got its name as a small mining community in the mid-1800s. There was a concentration of small clay and coal mines in the area during that time, and the term “Dogtown” was widely used in the 1800s by miners to describe a group of small shelters around mines . Although some erroneously think Dogtown was named during the World's Fair, it actually got its name long before 1904. An article published on August 14, 1889 in the “Missouri Republican” is the earliest known reference to Dogtown in St. Louis. The 1889 newspaper article describes a lost 5-year-old boy who lived in “the classic precincts of Dogtown, near Cheltenham.”
The term 'dog' appears in official mining terminology (dogholes, doghouse, dogtowns, dogmines, etc.), and it's quite easy to find places all over the U.S. that were called "Dogtown," whose whole existence was due to mining
For additional information about the history of Dogtown, St. Louis, refer to the Dogtown Historical Society website.

</doc>
<doc id="19641440" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19641440" title="John Ferguson Browne">
John Ferguson Browne

John Ferguson Browne (born November 11, 1920) is a former Canadian politician, manager and traffic manager. 
Born in Regina, Saskatchewan, he was elected to the Canadian House of Commons as a Member of the Progressive Conservative Party in the 1958 election to represent the riding of Vancouver Kingsway. Prior to his federal political experience, he served during World War II in the Canadian Army in Canada, England, France, Belgium, the Netherlands and Germany. For his service, he was awarded the 1939-45 Star, the France and Germany Star, the War Medal, the Defence Medal and the Canadian Volunteer Service Medal with Overseas Clasp.

</doc>
<doc id="19641449" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19641449" title="Functional Cargo Block">
Functional Cargo Block

The Functional Cargo Block or FGB (from the Russian ', ', GRAU index 11F77) was part of the Soviet TKS spacecraft. The TKS spacecraft was intended to be used as a resupply craft for Almaz space stations and saw some test flights in the Salyut space station program. The TKS spacecraft was formed by mating a FGB with a VA spacecraft, with both the VA and the FGB being capable of independent operation.
Following the development of the FGB for the TKS spacecraft, the FGB (without VA spacecraft) formed the basis for space station modules in the Soviet and Russian space program – these space station modules are to some extent called Functional Cargo Block (FGB) as well, like the Zarya FGB module.
The FGB provides "functional" support in the form of electrical power, propulsion, guidance and docking; The support for "cargo" operations is supplied in the form of a pressurized habitable cargo storage section (accessible by the crew) and the externally mounted fuel tanks.
History.
The Functional Cargo Block (FGB) was originally developed as support for the VA spacecraft – with both together forming the TKS spacecraft, intended for resupply flights to the Almaz space stations. For Salyut space station modules, it was initially intended that the first such modules be derived from the Progress spacecraft (which in turn is a Soyuz spacecraft derivate), and not the FGB. As the Almaz program wound down, TKS test missions to Salyut stations were used to gather experience on docking larger modules to space stations. The TKS flights proved that the FGBs could form the basis of such a space station module, with the TKS being flight ready, and having a considerable larger capacity than the Progress – so the FGB and not the Progress became the basis of many Soviet and Russian space station modules.
The Gamma observatory, the initially intended first Progress-based research module, would became after these and other changes the free-flying Gamma satellite.
Design.
The basic layout of the exemplary Zarya FGB consists of two sections: 
The PA is separated from the ICC by a spherical bulkhead containing an 800 mm hatch. Both pressurized sections contain working and living areas, in addition to instrumentation separated by interior panels.
Functional Cargo Blocks.
FGB based spacecraft include in addition to the original TKS spacecraft:

</doc>
<doc id="19641462" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19641462" title="Split Waterman">
Split Waterman

Squire Francis (Split) Waterman (born 27 July 1923 in New Malden, England) is a former international speedway rider who finished twice finished second in the Speedway World Championship final. Waterman took up speedway while serving in the British Army in Italy and went on to become one of the top riders of the post-war era. He made the headlines again in the late 1960s when he was convicted of gold smuggling and firearms offences.
Biography.
Wartime service.
Waterman applied to join the Royal Air Force when World War II broke out but was unable to join as his job as a toolmaker was classed as a reserved occupation. He joined the Local Defence Volunteers (Home Guard) in 1942, before joining the Royal Fusiliers, and was posted to North Africa before being involved in the invasion of Italy. Shrapnel wounds that led to him being declared unfit for front line service saw him transferred to the Royal Electrical and Mechanical Engineers and posted to a workshop in Pozzuoli, near Naples. Motorcycle racing events became a regular occurrence, and Waterman was involved in building a speedway track at Vomero Stadium. He became a proficient racer on his adapted BSA M20 bike, and it was from speedway racing that Waterman gained his nickname; After falling in a race he split his racing leathers down the back, after which his colleagues referred to him as "split arse", which was later shortened to "split". After a tour of duty in Palestine, Waterman was posted to Germany where his commanding officer, a Major Fenwick, wrote to Wembley manager Alec Jackson, with whom he had served earlier in the war, to recommend giving Waterman a trial.
Speedway career.
Waterman began his career with the Wembley Lions in 1947, winning the National League Championship. In 1948 the Lions won the National Trophy and Waterman won the prestigious London Riders' Championship, as well as making his debut for England against Australia. The Lions won League Championship again in 1949.
In 1950 Waterman transferred to the Harringay Racers for a then world record transfer fee of £3,000 and qualified for his first of five World finals, finishing seventh. In 1951 he qualified again and after finishing level on points with Jack Young and Jack Biggs, the three had to race off against each other to decide the championship. Young headed home Waterman followed by Biggs. He won the Match Race Championship in 1951, taking the title from Jack Parker. He successfully defended the title twice (against Aub Lawson and Jack Young) before relinquishing it due to injury.
Waterman qualified for the World Final again in 1952 but only managed twelfth but did win the National Trophy with Harringay. His career was almost ended in 1952 by a crash at Odsal Stadium in which he sustained a badly broken kneecap, with the first doctor he saw suggesting amputation of the leg. A second opinion disagreed, and he was able to ride a few days later with the leg heavily strapped. His kneecap was later replaced with an artificial one. 1953 saw him in second place again, with his last appearance coming in 1954, finishing fifth. At the end of the season Harringay closed and he transferred to the West Ham Hammers, but only stayed a season, returning to the Wembley Lions in 1956.
In 1957 he was on the move again to the Wimbledon Dons but seemed to be becoming more uninterested in speedway as time moved on. Only six appearances for the Dons in 1957 was followed by only five for the Southampton Saints in 1958. Waterman didn't ride at all in 1959 but made a surprising return in 1960 for the New Cross Rangers. He rode for the Rangers again in 1961 before finally calling time on his career at the end of a couple of short spells with the Ipswich Witches and the Belle Vue Aces in 1962.
Waterman rode in thirty Test matches for England, and captained the team in the 1953 series against Australia.
Later life.
After speedway, Waterman went into business in sheet metal working and plastic injection moulding, making plastic goods for companies such as Woolworth and Airfix.
In 1967 he was arrested at Newhaven while attempting to board a ferry to Dieppe, after gold with a value of £10,000 was found in the chassis of his fiancée Avril Priston's car. A subsequent raid at Priston's family home in Bedfordshire found illegal firearms. Waterman was convicted in 1968 of attempting to smuggle gold out of Britain, as well as unlawful possession of firearms including two sub-machine guns, two rifles, and three pistols, and possession of dies for forging coins, and sentenced to four years in prison. The gold was thought to have come from a bullion van robbery in Clerkenwell. Priston was convicted of conspiracy to smuggle gold and possession of two pistols and a pen gun, and was sentenced to six months in prison.
Waterman married Avril in 1970 at Caxton Hall. As of 4 July 2011, they were living in Nerja, Costa del Sol, Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="19641510" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19641510" title="1974 Rose Bowl">
1974 Rose Bowl

The 1974 Rose Bowl was a college football bowl game played on January 1, 1974. It was the 60th Rose Bowl Game. The Ohio State Buckeyes defeated the USC Trojans 42–21.
Teams.
Ohio State Buckeyes.
The 1973 Ohio State Buckeyes began the season ranked #3, and proceeded to go undefeated. They were led by tailback Archie Griffin on offense and a defense that held its opponents to less than 100 yards per game of total offense. Going into the showdown at #4 Michigan, they had risen to #1 by outscoring their first nine opponents 361-33, including three straight shutouts of Northwestern, Illinois, and Michigan State. The Buckeyes and Wolverines then battled to a 10-10 tie, forcing an unprecedented vote among Big Ten athletic directors to determine which school would represent the league in the Rose Bowl. Most people thought that, since Ohio State went to Pasadena the prior year, Michigan would win the vote. But Michigan starting quarterback, Dennis Franklin, had broken his collarbone late in the Ohio State game; perhaps influenced by the injury, the athletic directors voted 6-4 to send Ohio State to the Rose Bowl. Michigan head coach Bo Schembechler called it a gross injustice.
USC Trojans.
USC was the defending national champion and began the season ranked #1. But a 7-7 tie vs. Oklahoma and a 23-14 loss to Notre Dame dropped the Trojans to #9. They then needed a miracle comeback to beat Stanford 27-26, getting a touchdown and field goal sandwiched around an onside kick in the last minute of the game. They went into the Rose Bowl decider as a slight underdog against #8 UCLA, but forced 6 turnovers and knocked off the Bruins 23-13.
Game notes.
Kicker Chris Limahelu's 47-yard field goal was the longest ever by a Trojan, breaking a 64-year-old record. Limahelu, 59, died of prostate cancer on April 7, 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="19641515" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19641515" title="Rock Will Never Die">
Rock Will Never Die

Rock Will Never Die is a Michael Schenker Group live album released in 1984 and recorded at Hammersmith Odeon in London, over two nights in October 1983. The concert was also release in VHS with the same title. This is the last album recorded with Gary Barden before he rejoined the band in 2008. 
The final track "Doctor Doctor", which Schenker originally recorded with UFO, features a guest appearance by Klaus Meine and Rudolf Schenker of Scorpions.
Track listing.
See 2009 remastered version for songwriting credits.
2009 remastered edition.
All songs written by Michael Schenker and Gary Barden unless otherwise noted.

</doc>
<doc id="19641537" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19641537" title="Chiwen">
Chiwen

Chiwen () is one of the Nine Young Dragons in Imperial roof decorations and an ornamental motif in traditional Chinese architecture and art.
This Chinese dragon name "chiwen" 螭吻 compounds "chi" "hornless dragon; young dragon" and "wen" "(animal's) mouth; lips; kiss". "Chishou" 螭首 and "Chitou" 螭頭 (both literally meaning "hornless-dragon head") are related architectural ornaments or waterspouts, comparable with Western gargoyles. Chiwen and Chishou are not the character in chinese mythology.
"Chiwen" 螭吻 is alternatively written "chiwen" 鴟吻 ("owl mouth"), using the homophonous Chinese character "chi" "owl; sparrowhawk; bird of prey". The "chiwei" 鴟尾 ("owl tail") and "chimeng" 鴟甍 ("owl roof-ridge") are additional birdlike roof decorations.
The "chiwen" is listed second or third among the "Long sheng jiuzi" 龍生九子 ("dragon gives birth to nine young"), Nine Dragons (), which are tranditional mythology creatures and become traditional Chinese fengshui architectural decorations. Each one of those creatures have a protective function. The Nine dragon are also used to name lot of place, lika Kowloon (nine dragon in cantonese), in Hong Kong, but also numerous lakes, rivers or hamlets in mainland China.
According to the Ming Dynasty "Wuzazu" 五雜俎 (tr. Visser 1913:101), "The "ch'i-wen", which like swallowing, are placed on both ends of the ridgepoles of roofs (to swallow all evil influences)."
Welch describes "chiwen" as "the dragon who likes 'to swallow things'".
This is the fish-like, hornless dragon with a very truncated body and large, wide mouth usually found along roof ridges (as if swallowing the roof beams). His presence on roofs is also said to guard against fires. A paragraph in the Tang dynasty book "Su Shi Yan Yi" (苏氏演义) by Su E (苏鹗) says that a mythical sea creature called the "chi wen" was put on the roofs of buildings during the Han dynasty to protect the structures from fire hazards. This dragon is still found on the roofs of traditional Chinese homes today, protecting the inhabitants from fires. (2008:122-3) 
In Fengshui theory, a "chiwen" or "chiwei" supposedly protects against not only fire, but also flood and typhoon.
The Japanese language borrowed these names for architectural roof decorations as Sino-Japanese vocabulary. "Shibi" 鴟尾 "ornamental roof-ridge tile" is more commonly used than "chifun" 螭吻 or "shifun" 鴟吻. In Japanese mythology, the "Shachihoko" 鯱 "a mythical fish with a carp's arched tail, tiger's head, and dragon's scales" roof decoration is believed to cause rain and protect against fire. This is a kokuji "Chinese character invented in Japan" that can also be read "shachi" for "orca".

</doc>
<doc id="19641564" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19641564" title="Dundee East by-election, 1973">
Dundee East by-election, 1973

There was a by-election for Dundee East, in Scotland, on 1 March 1973. It was one of three UK parliamentary by-elections held on that day.
It was caused by the appointment of George Thomson as a European commissioner.
George Machin retained the seat for Labour, but only narrowly.
There was a strong showing by the Scottish National Party, which prefigured their serious breakthrough at the Govan by-election later in the year, and the two general elections of 1974.

</doc>
<doc id="19641627" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19641627" title="Les liaisons dangereuses (play)">
Les liaisons dangereuses (play)

Les liaisons dangereuses is a play by Christopher Hampton adapted from the 1782 novel of the same title by Pierre Choderlos de Laclos. The plot focuses on the Marquise de Merteuil and the Vicomte de Valmont, rivals who use sex as a weapon of humiliation and degradation, all the while enjoying their cruel games. Their targets are the virtuous (and married) Madame de Tourvel and Cécile de Volanges, a young girl who has fallen in love with her music tutor, the Chevalier Danceny. In order to gain their trust, Merteuil and Valmont pretend to help the secret lovers so they can use them later in their own treacherous schemes.
1985 Royal Shakespeare Company.
Staged by the Royal Shakespeare Company, the play opened at The Other Place in Stratford-upon-Avon on 24 September 1985. Directed by Howard Davies, the cast included Lindsay Duncan as the Marquise de Merteuil, Alan Rickman as the Vicomte de Valmont, Juliet Stevenson as Madame de Tourvel, Lesley Manville as Cécile de Volanges, and Sean Baker as the Chevalier Danceny.
On 8 January 1986, the production transferred to The Pit, an intimate studio theatre in the Barbican Centre in London, with its original cast intact. Christopher Hampton won the Evening Standard Award for Best Play and the Laurence Olivier Award for Best New Play, and Lindsay Duncan received the Laurence Olivier Award for Best Actress. In October 1986, with only a few cast changes, the production further transferred to the Ambassadors Theatre in the West End.
1987 Broadway.
Lindsay Duncan and Alan Rickman reprised their roles for the Broadway production, also directed by Howard Davies. Following eight previews, it opened at the Music Box Theatre on April 30, 1987 and ran for 149 performances. Christopher Hampton was nominated for the Tony Award for Best Play and the Drama Desk Award for Outstanding Play, but lost both to August Wilson for "Fences". Duncan won the Theatre World Award and Davies won the Tony Award for Best Direction of a Play. The show won the 1987 New York Drama Critics' Circle Award for Best Foreign Play.
1988 film adaptation.
Hampton adapted the play for the screen in a 1988 film version directed by Stephen Frears.
2008 Broadway.
Following 22 previews, a Broadway revival produced by the Roundabout Theatre Company opened at the American Airlines Theatre on May 1, 2008 and ran for 77 performances. Directed by Rufus Norris, the cast included Laura Linney as the Marquise de Merteuil, Ben Daniels as the Vicomte de Valmont, Mamie Gummer as Cécile de Volanges, and Benjamin Walker as the Chevalier Danceny, with Siân Phillips in the supporting role of Madame de Rosemonde. The production was nominated for the Tony Award for Best Revival of a Play but lost to "Boeing-Boeing".
2012 Sydney Theatre Company.
Hampton's play was produced by the Sydney Theatre Company and performed at the Wharf Theatre as part of the 2012 season in a production directed by Sam Strong. Hugo Weaving played the Vicomte de Valmont and Pamela Rabe the part of the Marquise de Merteuil. Strong said that he liked the line given to Rosamonde “The only thing which might surprise one is how little the world changes” because it "speaks directly to the timelessness of the piece's exploration of human behaviour, from the less savoury parts like betrayal and manipulation to the best parts like being in love." He also said he was "intrigued by the paradoxical nature of the Valmont and Tourvel story – the manner in which Valmont is both redeemed and destroyed by love at the same time". One reviewer noted that "Director Sam Strong’s beautifully paced production emphasises gratification via the wielding of power rather than via lust." 

</doc>
<doc id="19641638" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19641638" title="Jorge Robledo (conquistador)">
Jorge Robledo (conquistador)

Jorge Robledo (1500–1546) was a Spanish conquistador. He traveled in Colombia, Guatemala, and Peru. 
He founded the cities of Santa Ana de los Caballeros (current Anserma, Caldas, 1539), Cartago, Valle del Cauca (Arma, 1540) and Santa Fe de Antioquia (1541)
He was executed by Sebastián de Belalcázar over a dispute of the Governorship of these towns.

</doc>
<doc id="19641657" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19641657" title="Archery at the 1984 Summer Paralympics">
Archery at the 1984 Summer Paralympics

Archery at the 1984 Summer Paralympics consisted of eighteen events, fourteen for men and four for women.

</doc>
<doc id="19641673" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19641673" title="Province building">
Province building

Province building is a term in Canadian political science which refers to the efforts of provincial governments to become prominent actors in lives of, and focus of loyalty for, people living within those provinces. It is related both to nation-building, process of constructing or structuring a national identity using the power of the state, and state-building, enhancing the capacity of state institutions and building state-society relations.
The Canadian constitution, is federal and gives the provinces important powers. These powers have been expanded over time by judicial rulings and successful provincial lobbying. Surveys of public opinion in Canada show that healthcare and education rank as the "most important issues" in the minds of Canadians, and both those spheres are delegated to the provinces.
Canadian provinces are also endowed with many symbols and myths that attract loyalty in much the same way as do nation states. Many of them had long histories as separate British colonies before joining Canada. They have distinct flags and coats of arms, official provincial institutions such as museums, and separate media markets that cater to provincial affairs. Furthermore, their provincial heads of government, the premiers, are often considered the provinces' representatives in national affairs, called "executive federalism". This contrasts with other federations such as the United States and Australia where the upper house of the legislature is considered to be responsible for defending the rights of the states against the federal government.
Provincial loyalties also intersect with ethnic and linguistic ones. This is most true of Quebec, where the provincial government views itself as the gurantor of the "national" culture of Quebec. Quebec nationalists often view the provincial government as the basis on which to build the "État québécois", the Quebec State. Political movements in other provinces have also tried to use the provincial government as a force to build provincial autonomy and safeguard local identity. For example in the 1930s the province of Alberta sought to print its own currency and impose regulations on the major banks, which were all based outside of the province. From the 1940s to the 1970s the government of Saskatchewan attempted to build a social democratic society in that province, and "nationalized" or "provincialized" many industries including auto and medical insurance, electricity generation, telecommunications, and potash mining.

</doc>
<doc id="19641685" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19641685" title="Isabelle Sandy">
Isabelle Sandy

Isabelle Sandy (1884, Cos, Ariège - 1975) was a French poet and writer, best known for her regionalism. It has been noted that she was one of the few women writers in the interwar period.

</doc>
<doc id="19641710" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19641710" title="Cody, British Columbia">
Cody, British Columbia

Cody, British Columbia is a ghost town in the Selkirk Mountains, British Columbia, Canada.
Cody is located about a kilometer east of Sandon. In its day, Cody was home to about 250 people, mostly employed by the Noble Five Mine. Surrounding Cody are several old mine sites including the Slocan Sovereign, Noble Five, Noonday and American Boy mines. Today, all that is left here are multiple ruins and the still standing Noble Five office.

</doc>
<doc id="19641716" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19641716" title="1943 college football season">
1943 college football season

The 1943 NCAA football season concluded with the Fighting Irish of Notre Dame crowned as the nation’s #1 team by a majority of the voters in the AP Poll, followed by the Iowa Pre-Flight Seahawks as the runner-up. For the third time in the history of the AP Poll, a team that had lost a game was named mythical national champion; (Minnesota 1936 and Ohio State 1942). Notre Dame lost its final game of the season, a Chicago contest against the Great Lakes Naval Training Center. Along the way, however, the Fighting Irish had played one of the toughest college schedules ever, beating two #2 ranked teams (Michigan and Iowa Pre-Flight) and two #3 ranked teams (Navy and Army).
In 1943, as many as 131 sportswriters participated in the AP poll, which included, for the first time, “service teams“. Drawn from flight schools and training centers for participants in World War II, the service teams played against the colleges. At the same time, a number of universities suspended their football programs. Most of the members of the Southeastern Conference (SEC) -- Alabama, Auburn, Florida, Kentucky, Mississippi, Mississippi State, Tennessee, and Vanderbilt -- did not field teams in 1943. In addition, Pacific Coast Conference teams Oregon, Oregon State, Washington State, and Stanford, did not play, nor did Boston College, the Citadel, Duquesne, Fordham, Harvard, Michigan State, Syracuse, and William & Mary. 
September.
On September 17, Georgia beat Presbyterian College 25-7. The next day, September 18, Michigan won at Camp Grant, 26-0. Wisconsin lost to Marquette, 33-7, on its way to a 1-9-0 finish.
September 25 
Ohio State lost to Iowa Pre-Flight 28-13. Michigan beat Western Michigan 57-6. Notre Dame won at Pitt, 42-0.
Army beat Villanova 27-0 and Navy beat North Carolina Pre-Flight, 31-0. Georgia lost at LSU, 34-27. Tulsa beat SMU 20-7, Georgia Tech beat North Carolina 20-7.
October.
October 2 Michigan won at Northwestern 21-7. Notre Dame beat Georgia Tech 55-13. Army defeated Colgate 42-0 and Navy beat Cornell 46-7. 
October 9 #1 Notre Dame beat #2 Michigan, 35-21. #3 Army registered another shutout, defeating Temple 51-0. In Baltimore, #4 Navy edged #5 Duke, 14-13. #6 Penn edged Dartmouth 7-6. #7 Purdue went to 4-0-0 with a 19-0 win over Camp Grant.
October 16 #1 Notre Dame won at Wisconsin 50-0. #2 Army won at Columbia, 52-0. In four games, the Cadets had outscored their opponents 172-0. #3 Navy beat Penn State 14-6. #4 Penn beat the Lakehurst Naval Air Station 74-6. #5 Purdue beat Ohio State 30-7 at a game in Cleveland.
October 23 #1 Notre Dame beat Illinois 47-0. #2 Army yielded its first points, but won at Yale, 39-7. #3 Navy beat Georgia Tech 28-14 in Baltimore. #4 Purdue beat Iowa 28-7. #5 Penn won at Columbia, 33-0, but dropped from the Top Five. #7 USC stayed unbeaten, untied, and unscored upon with a 6-0 win over Pacific.
October 30 In Cleveland, #1 Notre Dame beat #3 Navy, 33-6. In Philadelphia, #2 Army and #6 Pennsylvania played to a 13-13 tie. #4 Purdue won at Wisconsin, 32-0. #5 USC beat California, 13-0, for its sixth straight shutout.
November.
November 6 At Yankee Stadium in New York, #1 Notre Dame beat #3 Army, 26-0. #2 Purdue won at Minnesota, 14-7. #4 USC lost at San Diego to the San Diego Navy team. #5 Penn lost to #7 Navy, 24-7. #6 Michigan beat Indiana 23-6. #8 Iowa Pre-Flight continued its unbeaten streak with a 46-19 win at Marquette on November 7, and became the first “service team” to ever reach the AP’s Top Five.
November 13 #1 Notre Dame won at Northwestern 25-6. #2 Purdue was idle. #3 Navy won at Columbia 61-0. #4 Michigan beat Wisconsin 27-0. #5 Iowa Pre-Flight beat Camp Grant 28-13.
November 20 #1 Notre Dame edged #2 Iowa Pre-Flight, 14-13. #3 Purdue closed its season undefeated (9-0-0) with a 7-0 win at Indiana. #4 Michigan closed its season at 8-1-0 with a 45-7 win over Ohio State. #5 Navy was idle. The following week, it closed its season with a 13-0 win over Army in the Army–Navy Game, which took place at West Point. Duke closed its season at 8-1-0 with a 27-6 win over North Carolina.
November 27 #1 Notre Dame closed its season with a 19-14 loss to Great Lakes NTC, 19-14, but still finished #1 in the final rankings. #2 Iowa Pre-Flight beat Minnesota, 32-0, to finish at 9-1-0. #3 Michigan, #4 Purdue, and #5 Duke had finished their seasons, as had #6 Navy, which rose to fourth place in the final poll. 
Conference standings.
The following is a potentially incomplete list of conference standings:

</doc>
<doc id="19641742" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19641742" title="Downtown West">
Downtown West

Downtown West can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19641781" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19641781" title="Tegano">
Tegano

Tegano is a village in the Solomon Islands, on Rennell Island in the Rennell and Bellona province. This village has a guest house in European style and is very popular.
Location.
The village is in on the Lake Tegano to the East of Nuipani, with access by boat or a 45 minute walk from Nuipani. 
Population.
120 people approx 
Religion.
Seventh-day Adventist Church
Policing.
Generally policing is serviced by the Tigoa police station as well as a local Provincial government employed area Constable.

</doc>
<doc id="19641801" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19641801" title="La Petite Illustration">
La Petite Illustration

La Petite Illustration was a weekly French literary journal created in 1913. It was a newspaper supplement to "L'Illustration" and published plays, novels and short stories often first publishing and containing illustrations.
Overview.
It has been noted that it published works on French Algeria.
Contributors included Marcel Pagnol and Isabelle Sandy, among others.
It was later replaced by another theatrical journal, "".

</doc>
<doc id="19641802" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19641802" title="Longyang District">
Longyang District

Longyang District () is a district in Baoshan Prefecture, Yunnan province, China.

</doc>
<doc id="19641814" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19641814" title="1978 Gator Bowl">
1978 Gator Bowl

The 1978 Gator Bowl was a college football bowl game played between the Ohio State Buckeyes and Clemson Tigers on December 29, 1978.
This game proved to be coach Woody Hayes' last game at OSU as well as his last game as a college football coach. With just over two minutes left in the game, OSU trailed 17-15. Ohio State quarterback Art Schlichter threw a pass that sailed wide of an Ohio State back and was intercepted by Clemson Middle Guard Charlie Bauman. Bauman ran towards the OSU sideline avoiding tackles and was finally shoved out of bounds, but after he got up coach Hayes punched Bauman through his face mask. The next day Ohio State fired Hayes after 28 seasons as the Buckeyes head coach.
Aftermath.
Ohio State and Clemson would meet again in the 2014 Orange Bowl.

</doc>
<doc id="19641818" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19641818" title="Great Grimsby by-election, 1977">
Great Grimsby by-election, 1977

There was a by-election for the Great Grimsby in 1977.
It was caused by the death of Anthony Crosland, and was retained for Labour by Austin Mitchell.
It took place on the same day as the dramatic Labour defeat in Ashfield.

</doc>
<doc id="19641850" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19641850" title="Animal Collective discography">
Animal Collective discography

The discography of Animal Collective, an American experimental psychedelic band, consists of nine studio albums, two live albums, one video album ("visual album"), six extended plays and eleven singles.
The group consists of musicians Avey Tare (David Portner), Panda Bear (Noah Lennox), Deakin (Josh Dibb), and Geologist (Brian Weitz). The band straddles a wide range of genres, most prominently psych folk and noise rock. The group runs the record label Paw Tracks, on which they have released much of their own material.

</doc>
<doc id="19641868" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19641868" title="Workington by-election, 1976">
Workington by-election, 1976

The Workington by-election, 1976 was a parliamentary by-election held in England for the House of Commons constituency of Workington in Cumbria on 4 November 1976. It was won by the Conservative Party candidate Richard Page, who became the first non-Labour MP in the constituency’s history.
Vacancy.
The seat had become vacant when the Labour Member of Parliament (MP), Fred Peart had been elevated to the peerage in order to serve as Leader of the House of Lords and Lord Privy Seal. He had held the seat since the 1945 general election, and had served in previous Cabinets under Harold Wilson and James Callaghan.
Candidates.
The Labour candidate was 33-year-old Dale Campbell-Savours, the Managing Director of a clock company who had fought Darwen in both the February and October elections of 1974.
The Conservative Party candidate was Richard Page, who was 35 and had contested the Workington seat against Peart in both 1974 General Elections.
Result.
The result was a surprise victory for Page and the Conservatives, with a majority of 1,065 votes. Workington had been a safe Labour seat, held even in the landslide defeat of 1931.
Both the main contenders in this by-election would go on to long Parliamentary careers. Campbell-Savours defeated Page for the Workington seat at the 1979 election, and would represent it until standing down at the 2001 election, when he was elevated to the Lords.
After his defeat, Page soon returned to the House of Commons at a 1979 by-election for the constituency of South West Hertfordshire, which he would represent until the 2005 election.

</doc>
<doc id="19641879" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19641879" title="George Edward MacKenzie Skues">
George Edward MacKenzie Skues

George Edward MacKenzie Skues, usually known as G. E. M. Skues (1858 – 1949), was a British lawyer, author and fly fisherman most noted for the invention of modern-day nymph fishing and the controversy it caused with the Chalk stream dry fly doctrine developed by Frederic M. Halford. His second book, "The Way of a Trout with the Fly" (1921) is considered a seminal work on nymph fishing methodology. According to Dr Andrew Herd, the British fly fishing historian, Skues:
Paul Schullery, the American fly fishing historian, characterizes Skues in "Skues on Trout" as:
John Goddard in "The Essential G. E. M. Skues" wrote:
Early life.
Skues was born on 13 August 1858 in St. Johns, Newfoundland and was the eldest child of William MacKenzie Skues, at the time surgeon to the Newfoundland Companies. His mother's maiden name was Margaret Ayre. At the age of 3, his parents returned to Britain en route to work in India. He was left with and raised by his paternal grandparents in Aberdeen, Scotland, Langford and Wrington in Somerset. In 1872 he won a scholarship to Winchester, and left the school in 1877. It was at Winchester that Skues was introduced to fly fishing when, in 1874, he bought some hooks in Hammond's to catch minnows. Hammond's, an angling shop in Winchester, introduced Skues to fly fishing and his first attempt was made using an eleven-foot rod, a silk and horsehair line, and a Wickham's Fancy.
After leaving Winchester, Skues spent a year in Jersey with his parents before moving back to London to begin his career as a lawyer with the firm of James Powell. In 1895, Skues became a partner in the firm of Powell, Skues and Graham Smith, a position he held until 1940.
Skues's chalk-stream career began in 1887 with an invitation from a client to fish the Abbots Barton fishery on the Itchen. There he met and befriended Francis Francis, angling author ("A Book on Angling") and angling editor for "The Field", and started studying and writing about trout fishing in English chalk streams. His first article in the angling press appeared the following year under his pseudonym "Val Conson".
Chalk stream experiences.
Skues was to fish the Itchen every season until 1938. Until 1917, it was as a guest of his client, Irwin Cox. From 1917 to 1938, he was part of a syndicate with rights to the Barton Abbey fishery. In 1887 he acquired a copy of Halford's "Floating Flies and How to Dress Them" and that, along with his association with Francis Francis, was when he began his empirical exploration of upstream fishing with both dry flies and nymphs.
Skues obtained Halford's gospel-like "Dry Fly Fishing in Theory and Practice" in 1889 and had the pleasure of fishing for a week with Halford himself on the Itchen in 1891. As a result of that meeting, Halford, seconded by William Senior, editor of "The Field", nominated Skues for membership in the Flyfishers' Club of London. He joined the prestigious club in 1893.
Angling literature contributions.
Posthumous works by other editors.
G. E. M. Skues's first book, "Minor Tactics of the Chalk Stream", was published in 1910. In it, Skues carefully explored nymph fishing methodology during an era when the dry-fly school of Halford's was preeminent. He wrote the classic "The Way of a Trout with the Fly" in 1921. Numerous dry-fly men (including Frederic M. Halford) had observed that traditional winged wet flies represented no known underwater insect and declined to explore the possibilities - a naive decision as it turned out. Skues, on the other hand, was the first fisherman to make the point that the bulging rises which marked the first stage of the rise were caused by fish taking emerging nymphs - nymphs that could be imitated if new patterns and a new method were developed. He pointed out that it was only later that fish began to take adults, and that on occasion the fish were so full with nymphs that the rise was insignificant. Skues made the point that fishing wet flies or nymphs to fish didn’t spoil dry fly fishing when adults were on the water and his most crucial discovery was that nymphing trout had to be struck, and that the timing of the strike depended on very subtle observation.
Pseudonyms.
During his life, Skues used a variety of pseudonyms, especially for contributions to the sporting press. Among them were: "Seaforth and Soforth", "Val Conson", "E.O.E.", "A Limity Dincombe", "S.A.S.", "Simplex Munidishes", "Spent Naturalist", "W.A.G.", "B. Hinde", "Unspoiled Child", "Captain Stoke", "A Fluker", "Integer Vitae", "Caunter Fordham", "A Butt", and "Current Colonel".
Halford vs Skues, dry fly vs nymph.
Halford, along with Marryatt, perfected upstream dry-fly fishing in late 19th-century England and treated other forms of fly presentation, such as wet flies and nymphs on English chalk streams, with disdain. By the early 20th century, the Halford dry-fly doctrine had become cultish and to some extent dogmatic. The following passage by Halford epitomizes his dogmatic views:
When Skues began promoting upstream nymphing techniques on English chalk streams at the turn of the 20th century, there was immediate tension between those who favoured and followed the Halford school of dry-fly fishing and those who chose to use other techniques. There is no evidence that there was ever any personal animosity between the two anglers, only verbal wrangling in the sporting press about the pros and cons of the two techniques. Indeed, Skues's second work "The Way of a Trout with the Fly", which codified the upstream nymphing technique, was not published until 1921, well after Halford's death.
The debates continued into the 1930s. The Halfordian school claimed that upstream nymphing, although effective, was unethical and bad for the chalk streams, even to the point of banning the use of nymph on some fisheries, while Skues's proponents claimed that the dogmatic dry-fly approach limited opportunities when nymphing was a more appropriate technique. A culmination of sorts took place in February 1938 at the Flyfishers' Club when the so-called "Nymph Debate" took place. Skues was present to defend nymphing techniques, while many others, chiefly Sir Joseph Ball, defended the Halfordian doctrine. The result was decidedly in favour of Halford's dry-fly techniques to the exclusion of all others, but no one denied the effectiveness of Skues's nymphing methodology. The debate helped cement both Halford's and Skues's seminal roles in the development of modern-day fly fishing.

</doc>
<doc id="19641902" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19641902" title="Athletics at the 1924 Summer Olympics – Men's 1500 metres">
Athletics at the 1924 Summer Olympics – Men's 1500 metres

The men's 1500 metres event was part of the track and field athletics programme at the 1924 Summer Olympics. The competition was held on Wednesday, July 9, 1924 and on Thursday, July 10, 1924.
As for all other races the track was 500 metres in circumference.
Forty middle distance runners from 20 nations competed.
Records.
These were the standing world and Olympic records (in minutes) prior to the 1924 Summer Olympics.
In the final Paavo Nurmi set a new Olympic record with 3:53.6 minutes.
Results.
Semifinals.
All semi-finals were held on Wednesday, July 9, 1924.
The best two finishers of every heat qualified for the final.
Semifinal 1
Semifinal 2
Semifinal 3
Semifinal 4
Semifinal 5
Semifinal 6
Final.
The final was held on Thursday, July 10, 1924.
Less than 45 minutes after his win in this race Nurmi started in the 5000 metre event and won also the gold medal.

</doc>
<doc id="19641943" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19641943" title="Jillian Michaels' Fitness Ultimatum 2009">
Jillian Michaels' Fitness Ultimatum 2009

"Jillian Michaels' Fitness Ultimatum 2009" is a video game developed by 3G Studios, Inc. and published by Majesco Entertainment for the Wii console. It is an exercise game which makes use of the Wii Balance Board peripheral and features Jillian Michaels, a fitness expert also seen as a trainer on NBC's television show "The Biggest Loser". A sequel, "Fitness Ultimatum 2010"', was released October 6, 2009.
The game was released on October 21, 2008. It was reported in June 2009 that the game has sold over 600,000 copies. In November 2009, a sequel "Jillian Michaels' Fitness Ultimatum 2010" was released.
Gameplay.
"Jillian Michaels' Fitness Ultimatum 2009" makes use of the Wii Balance Board and the Wii Remote in a series of 11 different user-selectable activities with varying intensities (light, medium, and hard) and durations (between 10 and 60 minutes). The game also includes unlockable fitness, diet, and lifestyle tips from Jillian Michaels herself. As with the "Wii Fit", players can keep track of their progress over time. Unlike "Wii Fit", however, the game features a competitive mode where two players compete simultaneously against one another - with the winner being the one who has burned more calories at the finish.
Workout Types.
There are four types of workouts in "Jillian Michaels' Fitness Ultimatum 2009":
Each workout type consists of varying activities, such as traversing an obstacle course, using a handcar, rowing, log jumping, jogging, and hitting a virtual punching bag, among others.

</doc>
<doc id="19641954" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19641954" title="Codex Montfortianus">
Codex Montfortianus

Codex Montfortianus designated by 61 (on the list Gregory-Aland; Soden's δ 603), and known as "minuscule 61", Erasmus named it "Codex Britannicus", is a Greek minuscule manuscript of the New Testament on paper. It is dated to the early 16th century, though a 15th-century date is possible on palaeographic grounds.
The manuscript is famous for the Comma Johanneum. It has marginalia.
Description.
The codex contains the entire of the New Testament. The text is written in one column per page, 21 lines per page, on 455 paper leaves ().
The text is divided according to the ("chapters"), whose numbers are given at the margin, and their ("titles") at the top of the pages. There is also another division according to the smaller Ammonian Sections, with references to the Eusebian Canons.
It contains prolegomena, tables of the ("tables of contents") before each book, and subscriptions at the end of each book, with numbers of στιχοι. The titles of the sacred books were written in red ink.
The order of books: Gospels, Pauline epistles, Acts, General epistles (James, Jude, 1-2 Peter, 1-3 John), and Book of Revelation. The order of General epistles is the same as in Minuscule 326.
Text.
The Greek text of the Gospels and Acts of this codex is a representative of the Byzantine text-type, Aland placed it in Category V. In Pauline epistles and General epistles its text is mixed. Aland placed it in Category III. 
In the Book of Revelation its text belongs to the Byzantine text-type but with a large number of unique textual variants, in a close relationship to the Uncial 046, and Minuscule 69. In the Gospels close to the manuscripts 56, 58. 
It was not examined by the Claremont Profile Method.
In 1 John 5:6 it has textual variant δι' ὕδατος καὶ αἵματος καὶ πνεύματος ἁγίου ("through water and blood and the Holy Spirit") together with the manuscripts: 39, 326, 1837. Bart D. Ehrman identified this reading as Orthodox corrupt reading.
It contains the Comma Johanneum as an integral part of the text. An engraved facsimile of the relevant page can be seen in Thomas Hartwell Horne, "An Introduction to the Critical Study and Knowledge of the Holy Scriptures" (London: Cadell and Davies, 1818), vol. 2.2, p. 118.
History.
It was the first Greek manuscript discovered that contains the Comma Johanneum in 1 John 5:7-8. It was copied from a 10th-century manuscript at Lincoln College, Oxford, that did not have the "Comma". The "Comma" was inserted from the Latin. Its earliest known owner was Froy, a Franciscan friar, then Thomas Clement (1569), then William Chark (1582), then Thomas Montfort, from whom it derives its present name, then Archbishop Ussher, who caused the collation to be made which appears in Walton's Polyglott (Matthew 1:1; Acts 22:29; Romans 1), and presented the manuscript to Trinity College.
This codex was used by Erasmus in his third edition of Novum Testamentum (1522). Erasmus misprinted εμαις for εν αις in Apocalypse 2:13.
It was described by Wettstein
and Orlando Dobbin. C. R. Gregory saw it in 1883.
The codex now is located at Trinity College (Ms. 30) in Dublin.

</doc>
<doc id="19641966" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19641966" title="Play the Game">
Play the Game

Play the Game may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19641981" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19641981" title="Princess Maria Carolina of Bourbon-Two Sicilies (1820–1861)">
Princess Maria Carolina of Bourbon-Two Sicilies (1820–1861)

Princess "Maria Carolina" Ferdinanda of Bourbon-Two Sicilies (29 November 1820, Naples, Two Sicilies – 14 January 1861, Trieste, Austrian Empire) was a princess of the House of Bourbon-Two Sicilies and an infanta of Spain through her marriage to Infante Carlos, Count of Montemolin, Carlist claimant to the throne of Spain under the name Carlos VI. Maria Carolina was a daughter of Francis I of the Two Sicilies and his second wife Maria Isabella of Spain.
Marriage and later life.
Maria Carolina married Infante Carlos of Spain, Count of Montemolin, eldest son of Infante Carlos, Count of Molina and his wife Infanta Maria Francisca of Portugal, on 10 July 1850 at Caserta Palace in Caserta, Two Sicilies.
Maria Carolina and her husband died of typhus within a few hours of one another on 14 January 1861 in Trieste. Maria Carolina had contracted the disease from nursing her husband. The couple died without issue. Maria Carolina and Carlos were buried at the Cathedral of St. Just in Trieste.

</doc>
<doc id="19642035" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19642035" title="Theodor Emandi">
Theodor Emandi

Theodor Emandi (1868–1942) was a Romanian diplomat. He was son of Gheorghieş Emandi (1822–1904) prefect of Brăila and Covurlui counties and of his second wife Catinca Tuduri. His wife, Elena was daughter of the writer Nicolae Gane.
Theodor Emandi was Romanian minister plenipotentiary to Belgrade and Prague.

</doc>
<doc id="19642062" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19642062" title="Niupani">
Niupani

Niupani is a village in the Solomon Islands, on Rennell Island in the Rennell and Bellona province.
Location.
This village is on the Eastern side of Lake Tegano and accessible by boat in approximately 30 minutes, or a walk to the village from the road end takes about an hour. Approximately 50km, 3hr drive from Tingoa. 
Population.
250 people approximately 
Religion.
South Seas Evangelical Church (SSEC)
Police.
Generally policing is serviced by the Tigoa police station as well as a local Provincial government employed area Constable.
This village is split due to a land dispute that has been going on for over 10 years

</doc>
<doc id="19642082" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19642082" title="Cow protection movement">
Cow protection movement

The cow protection movement was the movement that demanded end of cow slaughter in British India. The movement gained momentum with the support from Arya Samaj and its founding father Swami Dayananda Saraswati. Swami Dayananda and his followers travelled across India which led to the establishment of cow protection societies in various regions of India starting at 1882. In 1893, during the peak of this movement and immediately after an order from a British magistrate who asked Muslims who wanted to sacrifice to register, violence broke out in Mau in Azamgarh district which in the following months culminated in riots across Northern India spreading its tentacles all the way to Bombay and Rangoon.
The movement antagonised many Muslims, who saw it as a Hindu tool of oppression.
Holy Cow.
The cow is a sacred animal in the Hindu religion. Dairy products are extensively used in Hindu culture and are one of the most essential nutritional components of Hindu meals. "Panchagavya", a mixture of five products of cow milk, curd, ghee, urine and dung, is consumed in Brahmanical rituals. The mixture is also smeared on ulcers as a healing product.
Veneration of the cow increased during medieval times when the rate of cow slaughter increased phenomenally. It is also believed that Muslim sacrifice of cows during Bakr-Id also led to an increase in cow veneration among Hindus.
Arya Samaj.
Arya Samaj propounded the idea that Hindus should cleanse their religion and return to the purer form of Hinduism which existed during Vedic times. While this movement rejected idol worship, polytheism, child marriage, widow celibacy, the caste system by birth and the spiritual superiority of Brahman priests, it accepted the practice of cow worship.
In a treatise called "Gokarunanidhi", (Ocean of mercy to the cow), published by Dayananda Saraswathi in 1881 the author strongly opposed cow slaughter as an anti-Hindu act. Dayananda and his followers travelled all across India giving lectures and founding societies. The advent of trains, buses, and printing presses aided in a much wider dissemination of their messages.
It is also argued that British policy during that time strengthened the organization. In 1888, a high court in Allahabad ruled that cows are not “sacred” animals as defined in section 295 of the Indian Penal Code and Muslims could not be held accountable for slaughtering them.
Cow sacrifice and consumption.
Muslims sacrifice cows during the Eid al-Adha festival. Though goat slaughter is also permitted in Islam, cows are cheaper; cow slaughter also became a symbol of Muslims asserting their rights and not bowing down to the demands of their Hindu neighbors. Beef was a popular food for the British living in India as well.
Protection Movement.
Historians argue that the symbol of the cow was used as a means of mobilizing Hindus. In the 1870s, cow protection movements spread rapidly in the Punjab, the North-West provinces, Awadh and Rohilkhand. Arya Samaj had a tremendous role in skillfully converting this sentiment into a national movement. Vijaypal Baghel has been dedicating to save cow and conducting a mass movement in the northern India.
The first "Gaurakshini sabha" (cow protection society) was established in the Punjab in 1882. The movement spread rapidly all over North India and to Bengal, Bombay, Madras and other central provinces. The organization rescued wandering cows and reclaimed them to groom them in places called "gaushalas" (cow refuges). Charitable networks developed all through North India to collect rice from individuals, pool the contributions, and re-sell them to fund the "gaushalas". Signatures, up to 350,000 in some places, were collected to demand a ban on cow sacrifice.
During Dayananda’s time, cow protection was not much regarded as an anti-Muslim phenomenon, and he attempted to build a rational and respectable movement around this sentiment. It gradually became an issue of communal rivalry as it became a legal issue and calls for a legal ban on cow slaughter were raised.
1893 riots.
Cow protection sentiment reached its peak in 1893. Large public meetings were held in Nagpur, Hardwar and Benares to denounce beef-eaters. Melodramas were conducted to display the plight of cows, and pamphlets were distributed, to create awareness among those who sacrificed and ate them. Riots broke out between Hindus and Muslims in Mau in the Azamgarh district; it took 3 days for the government to regain control.
The rioting was precipitated by contradictory interpretations of a British local magistrate's order. He had apparently asked all the Muslims interested in cow slaughter to register, which undertaking was in fact performed to identify problem-prone areas. However, Muslims had interpreted this as a promise of protection for those who wanted to perform sacrifices.
The series of violent incidences also resulted in a riot in Bombay involving the working classes, and unrest occurred in places as far away as Rangoon, Burma. An estimated thirty-one to forty-five communal riots broke out over six months and a total of 107 people were killed.
Organizations.
1. Care for Cows provides protection of cows based in Vrindavan, India. The organization helps all other organizations who follow protection of cows.
<br>
2. Indian Society for Cow Protection (ISCoP) <br>
3. People For Cattle In India - PFCI <br>
4. Save Mother Cow <br>
5. Peta India <br>
6. Gau sena

</doc>
<doc id="19642102" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19642102" title="Egede, Enugu">
Egede, Enugu

Egede is one of the communities that makes the Udi Local Government Area(was one of the former Odo-Ozo Local Government Area) in Enugu State of Nigeria. It is situated between Ebe town at the south, Umoka town at the north, Affa town at the west Okpatu town and Awhum town at the east.
History.
Egede town is a member of the Ugwunye clan. Other members of the clan include "Nike town" and Affa town. Together, they constitute the off-springs of Amukwu. The town has six villages: Anekeneze, Amozala, Okwum, Umuokpala, Umuanum and Umuovu. The town has two major segments or divides: Ikeghe and Ibite. The town's website can be located at www.egede.org.
Feast.
The town has three major festivals. The first is the Odo festival. Although fast disappearing, the festivals here are associated with the return and departure of the Odo spirits. These occur every two years which typically mark the Odo seasons. The second festival is the famous age-grade ritual called Ogba. Ogba means the rite of passage into adulthood. Although it is also open to women but it is substantively a male rite of passage. It takes place every ten years. Within that cycle, each segment of the village celebrates its own at a different date. The choice of any date is based on the traditional dating system also guided by the Igbo native weeks. The third festival is the New-Yam Festival called 'aka-ani' meaning the handshake with the goods of the land. Apparently, the gods that are responsible for the bountiful yam harvest. It is celebrated on every Saturday Orie of every September. The festival commemorates the harvest of the new yam.
Religion.
Egede indigenes believe in the Odo deity before the coming of Christianity. Each village has its own special variant of the Odo and accordingly has a dedicated forest for the Odo. Odo Egede includes the nemaa (mother of spirits), the okpoakarika (the sporting and policing spirit) and the okwuikpe (the dancing spirit). The town has many indigenous catholic priests like Late Rev.Rev Prof Egbujie, Very Rev. Fr. John Nwafor, Late Rev. Fr. John Amuji, Rev. Fr. John Agu,Rev. Fr Edward Agu(Brother to Rev. Fr. John Agu)Rev. Fr. Hyacinth Egwuyi,Rev. Fr. Paul Ebuneoha, Rev Fr. Andrew Egbegolu, Very Rev. Fr. Isife Liberatus, Rev Fr Paul.IK Otakagu, Rev Fr. John Amadi and Rev. Fr. Anthony Oluba,rev. Fr.Kerian Onwuzu and Rev. Fr. Onochie Furthermore, Egede has reverend sisters like Rev Sister Scholastica Otakagu(DDL), Delta,Rev.sister Ramonda Onuoha DDL. Germany and Rev. sister Monica Igwe. Egede has its own parish,Saint Cyril catholic church.
Education.
There are three primary schools in Egede and they are Central school Amozala,community primary school Okwum and community primary school Umuovu. Community secondary school Egede is the only one that serves the community.

</doc>
<doc id="19642135" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19642135" title="John Miller (cyclist)">
John Miller (cyclist)

John Miller (27 February 1881 – 1957) was a Scottish road racing cyclist who competed for Scotland in the 1912 Summer Olympics. He came 35th in the individual time trial and Scotland came fourth in the team event. He was born in Pittsburgh, United States.

</doc>
<doc id="19642143" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19642143" title="Bolder">
Bolder

Bolder is an English surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="19642148" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19642148" title="Ellison Pogo">
Ellison Pogo

Ellison Leslie Pogo KBE (1947 – 13 May 2013) was a Solomon Islands bishop. He was the Archbishop of Melanesia and Bishop of Central Melanesia from 1994 until December 9, 2008. He was the third Archbishop of Melanesia, following Amos Waiaru. He was married to Roslyn and had three adult children.
Pogo was educated at St John's College, Auckland and ordained in 1979. After an early post at Anderson's Bay, Dunedin he was Bishop of Ysabel in the Solomon Islands until his translation to Melanesia.
Sir Ellison was the senior primate of the Anglican Communion until his retirement and chairman of the design group of the 2008 Lambeth Conference, and Chairman of Pacific Theological College. He was also one of the few Anglican Primates to have been knighted by Elizabeth II. The Archbishop of Canterbury awarded him the Cross of St Augustine in October 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19642160" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19642160" title="Robert Thompson (cyclist)">
Robert Thompson (cyclist)

Robert Thompson (28 September 1882 – 1974) was a Scottish road racing cyclist who competed in the 1912 Summer Olympics.
Thompson was born in Coldstream in the Scottish Borders.
In 1912 he was a member of the Scotland cycling team which finished fourth in the team time trial. In the individual time trial he finished 24th.

</doc>
<doc id="19642164" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19642164" title="1893–94 Ottawa Hockey Club season">
1893–94 Ottawa Hockey Club season

The 1893–94 Ottawa Hockey Club season was the club's ninth season of play. The Club would play in the Amateur Hockey Association of Canada (AHAC) and the Ontario Hockey Association (OHA) leagues. Ottawa tied for first in the AHAC championship and played Montreal for the Stanley Cup. Ottawa was about to play the OHA semi-final, but in a dispute with the OHA executive, refused to travel to Toronto to play the final, and left the league.
OHA season.
Several days before a scheduled match with Queen's to determine the eastern team in the OHA final, the OHA notified Ottawa that the final would be held in Toronto. The Ottawa Hockey Club demanded that the final be played in Ottawa to make up for the default of the Toronto Granites the previous year. The OHA executive refused to change the plans for Ottawa to play in Toronto and the Ottawa club resigned, leaving Queen's as the eastern team in the final. The OHA executive accepted the resignation on February 25, 1894 in a letter to Secretary Murphy. 
This started a rift between the Ottawa and Ontario hockey associations that would last over 70 years. An Ottawa team would not be a member of any OHA league until the Ottawa 67s would join the OHA Junior 'A' in 1967, 73 years later. , teams in the Ottawa area play in the Ottawa District Hockey Association, the successor of the Ottawa City Hockey League, and not affiliated with the Ontario association.
AHAC season.
Ottawa returned to play in the AHAC and tied for first place. What was unusual was that they shared first place with three other clubs. The executive of the AHAC proposed a playoff between all four teams, held in Montreal. Quebec city objected to the fact that no games were in Quebec city. Ottawa received a bye to the final because it had to travel to Montreal to play.
Scoring leaders.
"These statistics are for AHAC play only."
Roster.
Source: Coleman, pp. 16–17, Kitchen, p. 341

</doc>
<doc id="19642176" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19642176" title="Hwa">
Hwa

Hwa are a type of traditional Korean boot, which, along with "yi" (이), is a subdivision of Korean shoes. The "yi" refers to all kind of shoes that do not go up to ankle. "Hwa" are usually made of leather, and artisans who make the shoes are called "hwajang" (화장). It was originally worn by ethnic minorities of northern China. It is assumed that "hwa" was introduced to Korea from Tang Dynasty of China during the Three Kingdoms period.

</doc>
<doc id="19642187" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19642187" title="Old National Pike">
Old National Pike

Old National Pike or Old National Road, and sometimes Old Cumberland Road, Old Route 40, Old U.S. 40 are terms both colloquially and officially applied to bypassed parts of the United States' first federally funded highway (1811), the National Pikewhich are essentially the parts of U.S. Route 40 (1920s) west of Baltimore and east of Missouri. Terms such as the" 'Old National Pike' "and" 'Old National Road' "are similar terms frequently built into the local business structure as official addresses, in advertising and generally refer to older roadway parts (passing through congested business or residential neighborhoods) which have been replaced by newer, more convenient highways or in most cases modern multi-lane super-highways. 
As the first National Highway, with the first ever congressional funding for a U.S. road, the highway grew with the nation. When the Interstate Highway system was funded, and sometimes locally as some cities, counties or states improved their own local highway networks, stretches of road containing a lot of turns, frequent stops (traffic signals), and-or narrow hard to widen ways and roadbeds, stretches of local roads became bypassed and locally named "Old National Pike". This is a partial list of those ambiguous names about the United States:
Eight stretches of older highways, Bannered routes of U.S. Route 40, have been granted federal support to maintain and sign by-passed roads as named variant of nearby wider U.S. 40 routes; the route markers carry not only U.S. 40 designations, but auxiliary signs such as: "Alternate", "Business", "Truck", "Scenic", etc. Some of these varieties of" 'Old National Pike' are linked below.

</doc>
<doc id="19642190" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19642190" title="Changning County, Yunnan">
Changning County, Yunnan

Changning County (昌宁县; pinyin: Chāngníng Xiàn) is a county located in Baoshan Prefecture, Yunnan Province, China.
Ethnic groups.
The "Changning County Almanac" (1990:637-646) lists the following ethnic groups.

</doc>
<doc id="19642219" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19642219" title="John Wilson (cyclist)">
John Wilson (cyclist)

John Wilson (17 November 1876 – 24 November 1957) was a Scottish road racing cyclist who competed in the 1912 Summer Olympics.
Wilson was born in Muirden, Aberdeenshire.
In 1912 he was a member of the Scotland cycling team which finished fourth in the team time trial event. In the individual time trial competition he finished 16th.

</doc>
<doc id="19642236" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19642236" title="Denis Rixson">
Denis Rixson

Air Commodore Denis Fenn Rixson CVO OBE DFC AFC (12 December 1918 – 10 December 1994) was a British pilot during World War II and a senior Royal Air Force officer in the post-war years and a Commandant Royal Observer Corps.
During World War II, he was the Officer Commanding No. 113 Squadron.

</doc>
<doc id="19642242" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19642242" title="Springleaf Financial">
Springleaf Financial

Springleaf Financial, previously known as American General Finance, is a company whose primary business is consumer lending, credit insurance, and other credit related products. Its corporate headquarters are in Evansville, Indiana, with roughly 900 branch locations in 25 states, the United Kingdom, Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands. In 2010, the company became an 80% subsidiary of Fortress Investment Group. On October 16, 2013, Springleaf held an IPO on the NYSE under the ticker symbol "LEAF", at which time the company was valued at $1.68B
History.
The company began in 1920 as Interstate Finance Corporation to underwrite the sales of trucks and other vehicles. By 1929 the company had expanded to write credit-related insurance and start providing services outside of the Evansville area. In 1934 expanded across state lines by opening branches in Owensboro, Kentucky and Henderson, Kentucky.
Throughout the next couple of decades the company continued to grow and expand. In 1960 it went public on the Over-The-Counter Market. Three years later, in 1963, it started operating under the names of CrediThrift of America and CreditWay of America, and also began construction on a new headquarters building in Evansville. In 1969 the company was listed on the New York Stock Exchange.
In 1982 the company was acquired by American General Corporation (now known as AIG), and acquired General Finance with 350 branches in 16 states. Five years later, in 1988, the company acquired Manufacturers Hanover Consumer Services, which expanded the company to more than 1,400 branch offices in 40 states, Puerto Rico, and the Virgin Islands. That same year the company began operating under the name of American General Finance. In 2006, with continued growth, the company announced yet another expansion of its Evansville headquarters building and continued acquisitions of other financial services companies.
The 2007–2012 global financial crisis and the 2008–2012 global recession substantially hurt the company's financial performance. As of June 30, 2008, about 83 percent, or $7.7 billion, of its real estate loans were held by subprime borrowers. For 2008, American General Finance reported a loss of $1.3 billion. As a result, over the next two years the company closed over 500 local branches and cut 500 positions, including 140 of their Evansville headquartered employees.
In August 2010, Fortress Investment Group acquired 80% of the company and, in 2011, changed its name to Springleaf Financial Services.
Services.
Springleaf employs an estimated 4,600 people (about 900 of which are at its Evansville headquarters). Part of its services focuses on originating secured and unsecured consumer loans. This "branch network" segment purchases retail sales finance contracts, and provides revolving retail sales financing services. Through this, the company finances retail sales of consumer goods and services by retail merchants.

</doc>
<doc id="19642263" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19642263" title="Lexi Belle">
Lexi Belle

Lexi Belle (born August 5, 1987) is an American pornographic actress. She began her career in the adult film industry in 2006 at the age of 18.
Early life.
Belle was born in Independence, Louisiana. She later moved to Los Angeles, California, and signed with LA Direct Models in 2006. 
Career.
In 2011, Belle was named by CNBC as one of the 12 most popular stars in porn. CNBC noted her multiple awards and nominations from AVN and XBIZ as well as the popularity of her website, one of the largest in the porn industry. In 2012, she starred in her first feature film, titled "LEXI", in which she appeared in her first on-screen anal scene, along with co-star James Deen. She was the "Penthouse" Pet of the Month for May 2013 and the Pet of the Year for 2014.
Personal life.
Belle is a vegetarian. Along with her vegetarianism, she involves herself in animal volunteering, expressing a specific interest in moose and snow owls. She is a fan of "Star Wars", with her favorite film being "Attack of the Clones". Belle identifies as bisexual.
Awards and nominations.
AVN Awards.
The AVN Awards are sponsored and presented by the American adult video industry trade magazine "AVN" ("Adult Video News").
F.A.M.E. Awards.
The Fans of Adult Media and Entertainment Awards (or F.A.M.E) were created in 2006 by Genesis magazine, Adam & Eve Sex Toys, WantedList.com and AVN as a means for the public to vote for their favorites.

</doc>
<doc id="19642269" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19642269" title="Veerabhadran Ramanathan">
Veerabhadran Ramanathan

Veerabhadran Ramanathan (Tamil: வீரபத்ரன் இராமநாதன்) is Victor Alderson Professor of Applied Ocean Sciences and director of the Center for Atmospheric Sciences at the Scripps Institution of Oceanography, University of California, San Diego. He has contributed to many areas of the atmospheric sciences including developments to general circulation models, atmospheric chemistry, and radiative transfer. He has been a part of major projects such as the Indian Ocean Experiment (INDOEX) and the Earth Radiation Budget Experiment (ERBE), and is known for his contributions to the area of atmospheric aerosol research. He has received numerous awards, and is a member of the U.S. National Academy of Sciences. He has spoken about the topic of global warming, and written that "the effect of greenhouse gases on global warming is, in my opinion, the most important environmental issue facing the world today."
Background and education.
Ramanathan was born in Madurai, India. At the age of 11, he moved with his family to Bangalore. Unfortunately, the classes at the school he attended were taught in English, and not his native Tamil. He admits that he "lost the habit of listening to my teachers and had to figure out things on my own". He received his bachelors degree in engineering from Annamalai University, and a masters degree from the Indian Institute of Science. In 1970, he arrived in the United States to study interferometry at the State University of New York at Stony Brook under the direction of Robert Cess. Before Ramanathan could begin working on his Ph.D. research, Cess decided to change his research and focus on planetary atmospheres.
Research and publications.
Ramanathan has contributed to many areas of the atmospheric sciences. His first major findings were in the mid-1970s and were related to the greenhouse effect of CFCs and other trace gases Until that time, carbon dioxide was thought to be the sole greenhouse gas responsible for global warming. He also contributed to the early development of global circulation models and the detecting and attribution of climate change.
His focus then shifted to the radiative effects of clouds on the climate. This was done using the Earth Radiation Budget Experiment (ERBE), which showed that clouds have a large cooling effect on the planet. ERBE was also able to measure the greenhouse effect without the use of climate models.
Recently, he has published on the aerosol radiative properties. His work has shown that aerosols have a cooling effect on the surface of the planet, and at the top of the atmosphere, but the forcing at the top of the atmosphere was only one-third the magnitude as the surface forcing. This has implications for the hydrologic cycle. While working on the Central Equatorial Pacific Experiment, he discovered that absorbing black carbonaceous aerosols have a larger influence on climate than previously thought, which led to the development of the Indian Ocean Experiment (INDOEX). In the 1990s, he led the Indian Ocean Experiment with Paul Crutzen and discovered the widespread existence of atmospheric brown clouds covering much of the Indian Ocean region. They found that the vast majority of the aerosols were anthropogenic in origin, and that the surface cooling caused by the aerosols is more important than the atmospheric heating. These atmospheric brown clouds may have masked as much as 50% of the surface heating caused by the increase in carbon dioxide, and caused reduced precipitation during the Indian monsoon.
Ramanathan is also interested in the impact of climate change on agriculture in India. While atmospheric brown clouds partially offset the warming due from carbon dioxide, their effect on agriculture has been less certain. A statistical rice model couple to a regional climate model has shown that reductions of both carbon dioxide and atmospheric brown clouds will increase crop yield.
He has also written on avoiding dangerous anthropogenic climate change. Ramanathan writes that there are several tipping points in the climate system, and that they do not all occur at the same temperature threshold; the tipping point for the arctic summer sea ice is likely to be smaller than that for the West Antarctic Ice Sheet. While the planet has seen an observed warming of 0.6°C since pre-industrial times, it has already most likely committed itself to 2.4°C (1.4°C to 4.3°C) of warming. These values surpass several of the tipping point thresholds.
Project Surya.
In March 2007, Ramanathan wrote a white paper with Balakrishnan on a potential project that will reduce air pollution and global warming. Project Surya, which means "Sun" in Sanskrit, will use inexpensive solar cookers in rural India, and document the reductions in carbon dioxide and soot emissions. The byproducts of biofuel cooking and biomass burning are significant contributors to global warming, and the expanded use of renewable energy is expected to decrease their effects. 
The burning of solid fuels causes substantial health risks as well. An estimated 440,000 deaths per year are attributed to unsanitary food preparation techniques due to aerosol exposure. Over 3 billion people cook and heat their home by burning biomass such as wood and feces. The project, costing an estimated $4.5 million, will buy 3,500 cookers and impact up to 15,000 people. As of November 2008, the project has not been funded.
Project Surya was soft launched in March 2009. Each household in the village of Khairatpur, Uttar Pradesh received a biomass cook stoves and a solar lamp. Surya has since received $150,000 in funding from UNEP.
Honors and awards.
Ramanathan is an ISI highly cited researcher. He is a fellow of the American Association for the Advancement of Science, American Meteorological Society, American Geophysical Union, and American Academy of Arts and Sciences. In 1995, the Royal Netherlands Academy of Sciences awarded him the Buys Ballot Medal "... for outstanding scientific work in the science of atmosphere over the last decade or two." In 2002, he was awarded the Carl-Gustaf Rossby Research Medal, "... for fundamental insights into the radiative roles of clouds, aerosols and key gases in the Earth's climate system." He was elected a member of the U.S. National Academy of Sciences in 2002 "... for fundamental contributions to our modern understanding of global climate change and human impacts on climate and environment", an Academician of the Pontifical Academy of Sciences in 2004 and a member of the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences in 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19642278" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19642278" title="Robert Rammer">
Robert Rammer

Robert Rammer (born 14 April 1890, date of death unknown) was an Austrian road racing cyclist who competed in the 1912 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Vienna.
In 1912 he was a member of the Austrian cycling team which finished seventh in the team time trial event. In the individual time trial competition he finished 23rd.

</doc>
<doc id="19642301" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19642301" title="Adolf Kofler">
Adolf Kofler

Adolf Kofler (12 January 1892 – 13 March 1915) was an Austrian road racing cyclist who competed in the 1912 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Graz. In 1912 he was a member of the Austrian cycling team which finished seventh in the team time trial event. In the individual time trial competition he finished 31st.

</doc>
<doc id="19642332" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19642332" title="Rudolf Kramer">
Rudolf Kramer

Rudolf Kramer (born 17 January 1886, date of death unknown) was an Austrian road racing cyclist who competed in the 1912 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Vienna.
In 1912, he was a member of the Austrian cycling team which finished seventh in the team time trial event. In the individual time trial competition he finished 43rd.

</doc>
<doc id="19642338" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19642338" title="Carsten Staur">
Carsten Staur

Carsten Staur (born 9 November 1954) is the Permanent Representative of Denmark to the United Nations in Geneva. He presented his credentials on 26 August 2013. 
Education.
Staur holds a Master of Arts in history and Danish literature from the University of Copenhagen.
Career.
Carsten Staur was Denmark's Permanent Representative to the UN in New York from 2007 to 2013; and served as State Secretary in the Ministry of Foreign Affairs from 2001 to 2007 with responsibility for Denmark’s development assistance programme (Danida), and cooperation with the United Nations system and the World Bank. He was Member of the Board of the Global Fund against Aids, Tuberculosis and Malaria from 2005-2007 and has served as Chairman of the joint UNDP and UNFPA Board in 2007. 
Staur has also served as Under-Secretary for Bilateral Affairs (Middle East, Africa, Asia and Latin America), and Administrative Affairs. He was Denmark’s Ambassador to Israel from 1996 to 1998 and has held other political and diplomatic posts including Head and Deputy Head of the Policy and Planning Department, South Group, at the Ministry for Foreign Affairs. His diplomatic career began as First Secretary at the Permanent Mission to the UN in Geneva.
Carsten Staur joined the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Denmark in 1981. He is born in 1954, married to Ms. Marie-Louise Wandel, Senior Adviser in UNICEF, and holds a MA degree (History and Literature) from the University of Copenhagen. 

</doc>
<doc id="19642343" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19642343" title="Edward Sismore">
Edward Sismore

Air Commodore Edward Barnes Sismore (23 June 1921–22 March 2012) was a British air navigator during World War II and a fighter pilot and a senior Royal Air Force officer in the post-war years and the thirteenth Commandant Royal Observer Corps between 1971 and 1973. 
During his time as Commandant ROC, Sismore travelled overseas to France, Germany and Scandinavian countries, visiting similar defence warning organisations. He established a close relationship with the "Luftmeldekorpset" Danish Air Reporting Corps, a unit of the country's Home Guard.
Military career.
World War II.
Sismore started his service as an airman in the Royal Air Force Volunteer Reserve (RAFVR). However, on 29 August 1942 Flight Sergeant Sismore was given an emergency commission as a General Duties Branch Pilot Officer in the Royal Air Force Volunteer Reserve. Towards the end of the war, on 1 February 1945, he was awarded a permanent commission as a Flying Officer.
In February 1944 Sismore was involved in the planning of Operation Jericho but was prevented from flying with Air Chief Marshal Basil Embry because of their knowledge of the plans. Operation Jericho was a low-level bombing raid on Amiens Prison in German-occupied France. The object of the raid was to free French Resistance and political prisoners who were facing imminent execution. He also participated in the successful raid in late October 1944 against the Gestapo HQ in Århus, Denmark as navigator to Reynolds.
Notably in March 1945, whilst serving on No. 140 Wing, Sismore, by then an acting Squadron Leader took part in Operation Carthage, a precision raid on the Gestapo headquarters in Copenhagen Denmark. Sismore was the lead navigator in the Mosquito Mk.VI flown by the raid leader (Group Captain Robert Bateson). The raid, while not being completely successful with a large number of civilian casualties, succeeded in destroying the Gestapo HQ allowing some prisoners to escape. Sismore was awarded a bar to his DFC and was also honoured with the Danish Order of Dannebrog, Degree of Knight.
Post-war.
Sismore remained in the RAF after the war, qualifying as a fighter pilot and occupying several senior officer posts. In 1947 Squadron Leader Sismore and former Dambuster pilot, Squadron Leader 'Mick' Martin, broke the London to Cape Town flying record, covering the 6,717 miles in only 21 hours and 31 minutes. They were subsequently awarded the Royal Aero Club's Britannia Trophy for 1947. From 1953/56 He commanded 29 Fighter Squadron. Sismore was promoted to Group Captain in 1962 and during the early/mid 1960s, he served as the Station Commander of RAF Bruggen in Germany. In the late 1960s he was the Senior Air Staff Officer of the RAF's Central Reconnaissance Establishment at RAF Brampton.
Royal Observer Corps.
On 4 January 1971 on promotion to Air Commodore, Sismore was appointed as Commandant of the Royal Observer Corps taking over from Air Commodore D F Rixson. His final post was as the Director of the Air Defence Team, planning a new UK air defence environment system. 
On 24 May 1973 Sismore handed command of the ROC to Air Commodore R K Orrock. He retired from the Royal Air Force on 23 June 1976.
Honours and awards.
"On 30 January 1943, two forces of bombers were detailed to attack Berlin,to prevent a radio broadcast by Goering. To reach the German capital necessitated a flight of more than 500 miles, mostly over heavily defended territory.
<br> This was following the attack on the Zeiss works at Jena which was his deepest low level daylight penetration of the war with Wing Commander Reynolds.
"As pilot and navigator respectively these officers have taken part in numerous sorties against a wide variety of targets. In October, 1944, they took part in a most successful attack on a vital German target. In this well executed operation, these officers displayed skill and resolution of the highest standard."
""Acting Squadron Leader Edward Barnes SISMORE, D.S.O., D.F.C., (130208), R.A.F.V.R. In March, 1945, Squadron Leader Sismore was the navigator in the leading aircraft of a large formation detailed to attack the Gestapo headquarters at Copenhagen. The operation, necessitating a flight of more than 1,000 miles demanded the highest standard of navigational ability. In this direction, Squadron Leader Sismore's work was outstanding and contributed materially to the success obtained. Again, in April, 1945, this officer flew with great distinction in an attack against a similar target at Odense. This officer, who completed much operational flying, has rendered very valuable service"".
Death.
Sismore died on 22 March 2012 and was survived by his son and daughter.

</doc>
<doc id="19642361" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19642361" title="Shidian County">
Shidian County

Shidian County (施甸县; pinyin: Shīdiàn Xiàn) is located in Baoshan, Yunnan, China.
Its seat is the large community Dianyang (甸阳镇).
Ethnic groups.
According to the "Shidian County Almanac" (1997:544), ethnic Bulang (autonyms Wu 乌、Aiwu 埃乌、Ben people 本族) are found in Mulaoyuan Township 木老元乡 and Bailang Township 摆榔乡; in the villages of Hazhai 哈寨、Upper Mulaoyuan 上木老元、Lower Mulaoyuan 下木老元、Dazhong 大中、Jianshan 尖山; and in Dazhai 大寨, Doupo Village 陡坡村, Yaoguan Township 姚关镇.

</doc>
<doc id="19642418" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19642418" title="Rosa Mullodzhanova">
Rosa Mullodzhanova

Rosa Mullodzhanova (born circa 1944) is a Tajik-American opera singer.
Biography.
Mullodzhanova was born in Dushanbe, Tajikistan to a Bukharian Jewish family. Her father, Itzakhor, was a stage actor, and her mother, Zelpo, originally derived from neighboring Uzbekistan. The Mullodzhanovs trace their ancestry to an aristocratic Levite tribe that has been into performing since the time of the First and Second Temple in Jerusalem. 
As a child, Rosa was deeply influenced by her family's passion for performing arts and decided to pursue a career in singing. Her father sent her to the Moscow Conservatory. After graduating cum laude in 1971, Mullodzhanova continued studying opera. She moved back to Dushanbe and sang in numerous theaters. Mullodzhanova became the toast of the opera scene in a very short time. She won one of the biggest awards in the country when she earned the title of "Honored Artist of Tajikistan" ([http://books.google.com/books?q=Roza+Mullodzhanova&btnG=Search+Books]).
United States.
In the early 1990s, she and her family immigrated to New York City during the dissolution of the Soviet Union. She settled in Queens, where she lives with her husband and sons and performs in festivals and local shows. Life in New York
Family.
Her aunt is famous Shashmakom folk singer, Shoista Mullojonova, and her cousin is singer Yudik Mullodzhanov.

</doc>
<doc id="19642425" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19642425" title="Tebaitahe">
Tebaitahe

Tebaitahe (Sometimes spelt Tevaitahe) is a village in the Solomon Islands, on Rennell Island in the Rennell and Bellona province.
Location.
Located at the end of the main road about 2 ¾ hr drive from Tigoa. This village is located on the shore of Lake Te Nggano.
Travel easterly for 30 km from Tigoa until T-intersection just prior to Lavangu, turn left and travel for 18 km.
Population.
200 people approx
Religion.
South Sea Evangelical Church (SSEC)
Police.
Generally policing is serviced by the Tigoa police station as well as a local Provincial government employed area Constable.
The Royal Solomon Island Police has a Banana boat located at this village. The Outboard motor is stored in the police station at Tigoa.

</doc>
<doc id="19642426" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19642426" title="Josef Hellensteiner">
Josef Hellensteiner

Josef Hellensteiner (26 October 1889 – 7 December 1980) was an Austrian road racing cyclist who competed in the 1912 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Tyrol, Austria–Hungary and died in St. Johann in Tirol, Austria.
In 1912 he was a member of the Austrian cycling team which finished seventh in the team time trial event. In the individual time trial competition he finished 45th.

</doc>
<doc id="19642428" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19642428" title="Roy Orrock">
Roy Orrock

Air Commodore Roy Kenneth Orrock DFC (18 January 1921 – 11 July 2002) was a British pilot during World War II and a senior Royal Air Force officer in the post-war years and the fourteenth Commandant Royal Observer Corps.

</doc>
<doc id="19642431" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19642431" title="USS Rattlesnake (1813)">
USS Rattlesnake (1813)

USS "Rattlesnake" was a brig built in Medford, Massachusetts as a privateer and purchased by the United States Navy in 1813. She sailed from Portsmouth, New Hampshire 10 January 1814, under the command of Master Commandant John O. Creighton, and sailed with cruising the Caribbean. The two ships took three prizes prior to their separation which was forced by a more heavily gunned British ship on 25 February. 
"Rattlesnake", fleeing back to more friendly waters, put into Wilmington, North Carolina on 9 March. together, "Rattlesnake" and "enterprise" had taken five prizes:
"Rattlesnake" was soon back at sea under the command of Lt. James Renshaw. She apparently captured some eight merchant vessels in the eastern Atlantic, north of the equator. On 31 May she encountered a British frigate, but escaped by throwing all but two of her guns overboard. She then captured two more merchant vessels.
In June she captured and destroyed the "John", Geddes, master, which had been sailing from Liverpool to Oporto. the Before 11 July she captured and destroyed the "Crown Prince" of Poole, Street, master, which had been sailing from Newfoundland to Alicante.
"Rattlesnake"s depredations ended (arguable) on 22 June when the 50-gun British frigate captured her off Cape Sable, the southern point of the island of the same name which lies off Nova Scotia. Poor weather negated any slight edge in speed and gave the advantage to the heavier frigate.
The letter from Captain George Collier of "Leander" is dated 11 July and states that "Rattlesnake" was armed with 22 guns, all of which she had thrown overboard during the chase, and that she had a crew of 131 men.
The records of the Vice admiralty court at Halifax give the date of capture as 7 July, which is more consistent with the letter reporting the capture than is 22 June. It is also more consistent with the report in "Lloyd's List" that "Rattlesnake" went into Halifax on 13 July. 
In any case, the Halifax Dockyard reported on 31 July 1814 that the Royal Navy had purchased the vessel. However, no further record exists. 

</doc>
<doc id="19642459" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19642459" title="Mollo culture">
Mollo culture

The Mollo culture existed in Bolivia's altiplano area after the collapse of the Tiwanaku culture during the period of AD 1000 to 1500; it predated the Inca civilization. While the Mollo showed a continuity with Late Tiwanaku culture in both domestic and village architecture, they left no pyramids. Mollo worshiped the jaguar.
Archaeology.
One of the best representations of the Mollo are the ruins northeast of Lake Titicaca at Iskanwaya, on the Cordillera Real, above the Rio Llica (). Iskanwaya, in Muñecas Province, is from La Paz, Bolivia. Dated from 1145 to 1425, the city was built on platforms and was notable for its running water. More than one hundred buildings, streets and plazas still survive. Mollo streets ran in east-west direction. Their houses were rectangular and grouped around patios. Agriculture patterns included terracing and irrigation.
Other Mollo sites, such as Piniqo and Khargi, exhibit the same settlement characteristics as Iskanwaya, Wamán is an old agricultural establishment with the same terracing pattern. The present-day village of Charazani includes Mollo archaeological sites, as well as the tomb of Ecuadorian singer Julio Jaramillo and the ruins of Mallku Janalaya.
Ethnography.
Kallawaya people, an itinerant group of healers, were of the Mollo culture.
The Mollo were defined by their ceramics. Shoe pots, grave pots, vases, and dipping vessels have been found and these are either plain or painted black and white on red clay. They created a unique drinking cup with a built-in straw. Some of these ceramics can be found today as far away as the Náprstek Museum in Prague.
Burials were of single adults placed in chullpa funerary towers of stone or adobe, while infant skeletons are found in tombs beneath house floors.

</doc>
<doc id="19642481" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19642481" title="Howl-O-Scream">
Howl-O-Scream

Howl-O-Scream is an annual Halloween event at Busch Gardens Tampa Bay, Busch Gardens Williamsburg, and SeaWorld San Antonio. For more information pertaining to specific parks that participate, click on the links below.
Howl-O-Scream refers to the following:
Related articles:

</doc>
<doc id="19642494" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19642494" title="Michael Horace Miller">
Michael Horace Miller

Air Commodore Michael Horace Miller CBE, AFC was a senior Royal Air Force officer in the post-war years and a Commandant Royal Observer Corps. From 1971 to 1973, Miller was Station Commander of RAF Gutersloh.

</doc>
<doc id="19642551" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19642551" title="Raymond Offord">
Raymond Offord

Air Commodore Raymond John Offord AFC RAF R'td was a British Royal Air Force pilot, a senior Royal Air Force officer in the 1970s and 1980s and the seventeenth Commandant Royal Observer Corps. Offord was Station Commander of RAF Lossiemouth from 1974 to 1975 and later held the dual appointments of Air Officer Commanding Air Headquarters Cyprus and Deputy Commander, British Forces Near East / Cyprus.
Service history.
Early RAF career.
Offord first joined the RAF as an Aircraft Apprentice on the 57th entry at the No. 1 School of Technical Training at RAF Halton. In February 1952 he transferred as a Cadet Pilot and was granted a short service commission on 27 February 1952 in a rank of Acting Pilot Officer that was made substantive in June 1953.
In June 1954 he was promoted to Flying Officer while serving with No. 56 Squadron RAF where he was the ground commentator for the RAF’s Firebirds air display team who flew English Electric Lightnings. In June 1957 he transferred to a permanent direct commission. Promotion to Flight Lieutenant arrived five months later in December 1957. In September 1962 he was posted as a headquarters staff officer with the Special Projects Division of Headquarters Military Air Traffic Organisation, during which period he was promoted to Squadron Leader.
On 19 July 1968 Offord was promoted to Wing Commander and he returned to flying duties as Officer Commanding No. 80 Squadron RAF flying English Electric Canberras. In October of the following year he was transferred as Officer Commanding No. 31 Squadron RAF also on Canberra operations. After a short tour as a Staff Officer, with the Air Secretariat Division of the Directorate of Air Personnel, Offord was promoted to Acting Group Captain and appointed as the Station Commander of RAF Lossiemouth.
His rank as a Group Captain was made substantive in 1975 and he was posted as the Operations Officer with RAF Germany. In December 1977 he was appointed as Assistant Chief of Staff (Offensive Operations) at Headquarters Second Allied Tactical Air Force.
Royal Observer Corps.
On 12 April 1980 Offord was promoted to Air Commodore and assumed the position of Commandant Royal Observer Corps, taking over from Air Commodore John Howe. Offord inherited an organization that was vastly more efficient and professional after sweeping changes introduced by his predecessor, but one whose communications infrastructure was creaking at the seams with outdated equipment and unprotected telephone links.
Offord pressed for the improvements identified and recommended by a Home Defence Review to be implemented. The Emergency Control Network was woefully outdated and improvements were essential. The national air raid and nuclear fallout warning systems were given priority and the whole system was revitalized and re-equipped. Inter group radio communications were introduced. Offord was stunned by the primitive facilities and the stark environment in the underground monitoring posts and during 1981 he arranged for a HQ working party to re-examine the possible improvements with regard to future heating, lighting, ventilation and feeding provision that would eventually start to filter through over coming years. 
On behalf of the whole ROC, Air Commodore Offord presented an engraved Caithness Glass rosebowl to Prince Charles and Lady Diana Spencer to mark their wedding on 29 July 1981.
Offord oversaw the final closing of the last ROC secondary training base at Derby, the only remaining such facility that had survived since the 1953 reorganisation. By the end of Offord’s tenure as Commandant the upgrade of the warning system and post communications was all but completed. On 20 February 1983 Offord handed over control of the ROC to Air Commodore George Black.
Later RAF duty.
On leaving the Royal Observer Corps Offord was appointed Air Officer Commanding at the Air Headquarters Cyprus and also took on the dual role of Deputy Commander, British Forces, Cyprus. This was Offord’s final RAF tour of duty and he retired on 17 September 1986. Ray Offord died in 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="19642590" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19642590" title="MadStone">
MadStone

MadStone is a puzzle video game for WiiWare developed by Riverman Media. It was released in North America on October 6, 2008.
Gameplay.
"MadStone" is a puzzle game in which players must break apart blocks to help special gems (called MadStones) drop down to a pool at the bottom of the screen through their own weight and gravity. Players use the D-pad on the Wii Remote to move an onscreen cursor to select which blocks to break, and can also cause an earthquake that breaks up random blocks by shaking the Wii Remote. The game also features a versus mode against the computer or a second player in addition to the single player arcade mode.
In order to promote the game Riverman Media held The Savant Challenge, a competition which rewards the top 20 players who are able to beat the game on its highest difficulty. As of February 2009 the competition is still in progress.
Reception.
IGN called the gameplay "shallow" and "way, way too mindless", and criticized the lack of modes and absence of pointer control, giving "MadStone" a 4/10. In contrast, WiiWare World gave it a 7/10, calling the graphics "eye catching", and that the gameplay puts a "unique twist on the genre", though they admitted it was also "somewhat simplistic".

</doc>
<doc id="19642596" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19642596" title="Tebaieha Bible College">
Tebaieha Bible College

Tebaieha Bible College is a village in the Solomon Islands, on Rennell Island in the Rennell and Bellona province.
Location.
Approximately 50 km east 2 ¾ hrs drive from Tigoa, less than 1 km from the Lake Tegno. Travel to Tebaitahe Village and the College is located approximately ¾ of km prior to that village.
Population.
50 people approx.
Religion.
Christian: South Sea Evangelical Church
Police.
Generally policing is serviced by the Tigoa police station as well as a local Provincial government employed area Constable.

</doc>
<doc id="19642605" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19642605" title="George Black (RAF officer)">
George Black (RAF officer)

Air Vice-Marshal George Phillip Black CB OBE AFC RAF (Rtd) was a British Royal Air Force pilot, a senior Royal Air Force officer in the 1970s and 1980s and a Commandant Royal Observer Corps. From 1971 to 1973, Black was Station Commander of RAF Wildenrath in West Germany.
Service History.
Early years.
In 1950 Black left No. 107 (Aberdeen) Squadron Air Training Corps in the rank of Sergeant to commence National Service duty in the RAF. After undergoing flying training in Canada he joined No. 263 Squadron RAF at RAF Wattisham in the rank of Flying Officer. 
In 1952 his National Service was converted to a permanent commission and he was seconded to the Fleet Air Arm. He returned to the RAF in 1961 in the rank of Flight Lieutenant and served with No. 74 Squadron RAF flying English Electric Lightnings. Promoted to Wing Commander in 1964 he became Commanding Officer of No. 111 Squadron RAF, also equipped with Lightnings.
On promotion to Group Captain in 1972 Black was appointed Station Commander at RAF Wildenrath in Germany. He became Commander Allied Sector One, Brockzetel in May 1980 on promotion to the rank of Air Commodore and was later appointed Aide-de-Camp to HM The Queen in July 1981.
Royal Observer Corps.
Black was appointed as the 18th Commandant of the Royal Observer Corps, replacing Air Commodore R J Offord in February 1983, an appointment he held until September 1984 when he was further promoted to Air Vice Marshal.
Later service and retirement.
Following his promotion he became Deputy Chief Staff Operations at HQ Allied Air Force Central Europe. 
Black retired from the RAF in July 1987. On its formation in 1986 Air Vice Marshal Black became Honorary President of the Royal Observer Corps Seaborne Association, an appointment he continues to hold.
Career after the RAF.
Between 1987 and 1992 Black was the senior defence advisor at Ferranti Defence Systems in Edinburgh, moving to an appointment as Director of Military Business for Marconi Electronic Business Systems Ltd from 1993 until 1999. He then spent a year as the Defence Advisor to the Sensor Division of British Aerospace, transferring to the BAe Systems Avionics division in 2000. Since 2000 Black has been the Defence Consultant for Selex Ltd. Black was elected a Fellow of the Institute of Management in 1977 and a Fellow of the Royal Aeronautics Society in 2000
Air Vice Marshal Black is a member of the RAF Historical Society and during his career recorded over 5,000 flying hours on around 100 different types of aircraft. He is married and has two sons, both of whom serve as officers in the Royal Air Force.
Awards.
Black was awarded an Air Force Cross in 1962 while with No. 74 Squadron and achieved a bar in 1971. He was awarded an OBE in 1967 and became a Companion of the Order of the Bath in 1987.

</doc>
<doc id="19642661" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19642661" title="Longling County">
Longling County

Longling County () is a county in Baoshan Prefecture, Yunnan Province, China.
Its capital is the large community Longshan (龙山镇).
The former site of the Songshan-Battleground () (1944, the Anti-Japanese War) since 2006 is on the list of monuments of the People's Republic of China.

</doc>
<doc id="19642669" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19642669" title="1926 Rose Bowl">
1926 Rose Bowl

The 1926 Rose Bowl Game was held on January 1, 1926 in Pasadena, California. The game is commonly referred to as "the game that changed the south." The game featured the Alabama Crimson Tide, making their first bowl appearance, and the Washington Huskies.
Alabama were victorious 20–19, as they scored all twenty points in the third quarter. With the victory, the Crimson Tide were awarded with their first National Championship.
The game made its radio broadcast debut, with Charles Paddock, a sports writer and former Olympian track star, at the microphone. Coach Wade was later inducted into the Rose Bowl Hall of Fame in 1990. 
Team selection.
The Rose Bowl committee extended an invitation to Clark Shaughnessy's Tulane team, but the school administration declined the offer because it felt the players were too small to compete with those of Washington.

</doc>
<doc id="19642696" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19642696" title="Robert Fairfax, 7th Lord Fairfax of Cameron">
Robert Fairfax, 7th Lord Fairfax of Cameron

Robert Fairfax, 7th Lord Fairfax of Cameron (1707–1793), died at Leeds Castle, England, which he inherited from his mother Catharine, daughter of Thomas Culpeper, 2nd Baron Culpeper of Thoresway.
His title and immense domain, which he inherited in 1781, consisting of 5,282,000 acres (21,380 km²), was in possession of his elder brother Thomas during the American Revolutionary War, but it was confiscated during the hostilities by the Virginia Act of 1779. Robert Fairfax was awarded ₤13,758 in 1792, by Act of Parliament for the relief of American Loyalists.

</doc>
