<doc id="19433066" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19433066" title="Function model">
Function model

A function model or "functional model" in systems engineering and software engineering is a structured representation of the functions (activities, actions, processes, operations) within the modeled system or subject area. 
A function model, similar with the activity model or process model, is a graphical representation of an enterprise's function within a defined scope. The purposes of the function model are to describe the functions and processes, assist with discovery of information needs, help identify opportunities, and establish a basis for determining product and service costs.
History.
The model originates in the 1950s, after in the first half of the 20th century other types of management diagrams had already been developed. The first known Gantt Chart was developed in 1896 by Karol Adamiecki, who called it a "harmonogram". Because Adamiecki did not publish his chart until 1931 - and in any case his works were published in either Polish or Russian, languages not popular in the West - the chart now bears the name of Henry Gantt (1861–1919), who designed his chart around the years 1910-1915 and popularized it in the West. The first structured method for documenting process flow, the flow process chart, was introduced by Frank Gilbreth to members of American Society of Mechanical Engineers (ASME) in 1921 as the presentation “Process Charts—First Steps in Finding the One Best Way”. Gilbreth's tools quickly found their way into industrial engineering curricula. 
One of the first well defined function models, was the Functional Flow Block Diagram (FFBD) developed by the defense-related TRW Incorporated in the 1950s. In the 1960s it was exploited by the NASA to visualize the time sequence of events in a space systems and flight missions. It is further widely used in classical systems engineering to show the order of execution of system functions.
Functional modeling topics.
Functional perspective.
In systems engineering and software engineering a function model is created with a functional modeling perspective. The functional perspective is one of the perspectives possible in business process modelling, other perspecifives are for example behavioural, organisational or informational.
A functional modeling perspective concentrates on describing the dynamic process. The main concept in this modeling perspective is the process, this could be a function, transformation, activity, action, task etc. A well-known example of a modeling language employing this perspective is data flow diagrams.
The perspective uses four symbols to describe a process, these being:
Now, with these symbols, a process can be represented as a network of these symbols. This decomposed process is a DFD, data flow diagram.
Functional decomposition.
Functional decomposition refers broadly to the process of resolving a functional relationship into its constituent parts in such a way that the original function can be reconstructed from those parts by function composition. In general, this process of decomposition is undertaken either for the purpose of gaining insight into the identity of the constituent components, or for the purpose of obtaining a compressed representation of the global function, a task which is feasible only when the constituent processes possess a certain level of "modularity". 
Functional decomposition has a prominent role in computer programming, where a major goal is to "modularize" processes to the greatest extent possible. For example, a library management system may be broken up into an inventory module, a patron information module, and a fee assessment module. In the early decades of computer programming, this was manifested as the "art of subroutining," as it was called by some prominent practitioners.
Functional decomposition of engineering systems is a method for analyzing engineered systems. The basic idea is to try to divide a system in such a way that each block of the block diagram can be described without an "and" or "or" in the description.
This exercise forces each part of the system to have a pure function. When a system is composed of pure functions, they can be reused, or replaced. A usual side effect is that the interfaces between blocks become simple and generic. Since the interfaces usually become simple, it is easier to replace a pure function with a related, similar function.
Functional modeling methods.
The functional approach is extended in multiple diagrammic techniques and modeling notations. This section gives an overview of the important techniques in chronological order.
Function block diagram.
A functional block diagram is a block diagram, that describes the functions and interrelationships of a system. The functional block diagram can picture:
The block diagram can use additional schematic symbols to show particular properties.
Specific function block diagram are the classic Functional Flow Block Diagram, and the Function Block Diagram (FBD) used in the design of programmable logic controllers.
Functional Flow Block Diagram.
The Functional flow block diagram (FFBD) is a multi-tier, time-sequenced, step-by-step flow diagram of the system’s functional flow.
The diagram is developed in the 1950s and widely used in classical systems engineering. The Functional Flow Block Diagram is also referred to as "Functional Flow Diagram", "functional block diagram", and "functional flow".
Functional Flow Block Diagrams (FFBD) usually define the detailed, step-by-step operational and support sequences for systems, but they are also used effectively to define processes in developing and producing systems. The software development processes also use FFBDs extensively. In the system context, the functional flow steps may include combinations of hardware, software, personnel, facilities, and/or procedures. 
In the FFBD method, the functions are organized and depicted by their logical order of execution. Each function is shown with respect to its logical relationship to the execution and completion of other functions. A node labeled with the function name depicts each function. Arrows from left to right show the order of execution of the functions. Logic symbols represent sequential or parallel execution of functions.
HIPO and IPO.
HIPO for "hierarchical input process output" is a popular 1970s systems analysis design aid and documentation technique for representing the modules of a system as a hierarchy and for documenting each module. 
It was used to develop requirements, construct the design, and support implementation of an expert system to demonstrate automated rendezvous. Verification was then conducted systematically because of the method of design and implementation.
The overall design of the system is documented using HIPO charts or structure charts. The structure chart is similar in appearance to an organizational chart, but has been modified to show additional detail. Structure charts can be usedto display several types of information, but are used most commonly to diagram either data structures or code structures.
N2 Chart.
The N2 Chart is a diagram in the shape of a matrix, representing functional or physical interfaces between system elements. It is used to systematically identify, define, tabulate, design, and analyze functional and physical interfaces. It applies to system interfaces and hardware and/or software interfaces. 
The N2 diagram has been used extensively to develop data interfaces, primarily in the software areas. However, it can also be used to develop hardware interfaces. The basic N2 chart is shown in Figure 2. The system functions are placed on the diagonal; the remainder of the squares in the N x N matrix represent the interface inputs and outputs. 
Structured Analysis and Design Technique.
Structured Analysis and Design Technique (SADT) is a software engineering methodology for describing systems as a hierarchy of functions, a diagrammatic notation for constructing a sketch for a software application. It offers building blocks to represent entities and activities, and a variety of arrows to relate boxes. These boxes and arrows have an associated informal semantics. SADT can be used as a functional analysis tool of a given process, using successive levels of details. The SADT method allows to define user needs for IT developments, which is used in industrial Information Systems, but also to explain and to present an activity’s manufacturing processes, procedures.
The SADT supplies a specific functional view of any enterprise by describing the functions and their relationships in a company. These functions fulfill the objectives of a company, such as sales, order planning, product design, part manufacturing, and human resource management. The SADT can depict simple functional relationships and can reflect data and control flow relationships between different functions. The IDEF0 formalism is based on SADT, developed by Douglas T. Ross in 1985.
IDEF0.
IDEF0 is a function modeling methodology for describing manufacturing functions, which offers a functional modeling language for the analysis, development, re-engineering, and integration of information systems; business processes; or software engineering analysis. It is part of the IDEF family of modeling languages in the field of software engineering, and is built on the functional modeling language building SADT.
The IDEF0 Functional Modeling method is designed to model the decisions, actions, and activities of an organization or system. It was derived from the established graphic modeling language Structured Analysis and Design Technique (SADT) developed by Douglas T. Ross and SofTech, Inc.. In its original form, IDEF0 includes both a definition of a graphical modeling language (syntax and semantics) and a description of a comprehensive methodology for developing models. The US Air Force commissioned the SADT developers to develop a function model method for analyzing and communicating the functional perspective of a system. IDEF0 should assist in organizing system analysis and promote effective communication between the analyst and the customer through simplified graphical devices.
Axiomatic Design.
Axiomatic design is a top down hierarchical functional decomposition process used as a solution synthesis framework for the analysis, development, re-engineering, and integration of products, information systems, business processes or software engineering solutions. Its structure is suited mathematically to analyze coupling between functions in order to optimize the architectural robustness of potential functional solution models.
Related types of models.
In the field of systems and software engineering numerous specific function and functional models and close related models have been defined. Here only a few general types will be explained.
Business function model.
A "Business Function Model" (BFM) is a general description or category of operations performed routinely to carry out an organization's mission. They "provide a conceptual structure for the identification of general business functions". It can show the critical business processes in the context of the business area functions. The processes in the business function model must be consistent with the processes in the value chain models. Processes are a group of related business activities performed to produce an end product or to provide a service. Unlike business functions that are performed on a continual basis, processes are characterized by the fact that they have a specific beginning and an end point marked by the delivery of a desired output. The figure on the right depicts the relationship between the business processes, business functions, and the business area’s business reference model.
Business Process Model and Notation.
Business Process Model and Notation (BPMN) is a graphical representation for specifying business processes in a workflow. BPMN was developed by Business Process Management Initiative (BPMI), and is currently maintained by the Object Management Group since the two organizations merged in 2005. The current version of BPMN is 2.0. 
The Business Process Model and Notation (BPMN) specification provides a graphical notation for specifying business processes in a Business Process Diagram (BPD). The objective of BPMN is to support business process management for both technical users and business users by providing a notation that is intuitive to business users yet able to represent complex process semantics. The BPMN specification also provides a mapping between the graphics of the notation to the underlying constructs of execution languages, particularly BPEL4WS.
Business reference model.
A Business reference model is a reference model, concentrating on the functional and organizational aspects of the core business of an enterprise, service organization or government agency. In enterprise engineering a business reference model is part of an Enterprise Architecture Framework or "Architecture Framework", which defines how to organize the structure and views associated with an Enterprise Architecture. 
A reference model in general is a model of something that embodies the basic goal or idea of something and can then be looked at as a reference for various purposes. A business reference model is a means to describe the business operations of an organization, independent of the organizational structure that perform them. Other types of business reference model can also depict the relationship between the business processes, business functions, and the business area’s business reference model. These reference model can be constructed in layers, and offer a foundation for the analysis of service components, technology, data, and performance.
Operator function model.
The "Operator Function Model" (OFM) is proposed as an alternative to traditional task analysis techniques used by human factors engineers. An operator function model attempts to represent in mathematical form how an operator might decompose a complex system into simpler parts and coordinate control actions and system configurations so that acceptable overall system performance is achieved. The model represents basic issues of knowledge representation, information flow, and decision making in complex systems. Miller (1985) suggests that the network structure can be thought of as a possible representation of an operator's internal model of the system plus a control structure which specifies how the model is used to solve the decision problems that comprise operator control functions.>

</doc>
<doc id="19433068" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19433068" title="Athletics at the 2008 Summer Paralympics – Men's 800 metres T46">
Athletics at the 2008 Summer Paralympics – Men's 800 metres T46

The Men's 800m T46 had its First Round held on September 14 at 20:27 and the Final on September 15 at 17:24.

</doc>
<doc id="19433069" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19433069" title="James Anaya">
James Anaya

S. James Anaya is the American James J. Lenoir Professor of Human Rights Law and Policy at the University of Arizona's James E. Rogers College of Law. In March
2008, he was appointed by the United Nations as its Special Rapporteur on the Situation of Human Rights and Fundamental Freedoms of Indigenous Peoples.
Education and work.
Anaya is a graduate of the University of New Mexico (B.A., 1980) and Harvard Law School (J.D., 1983). At Harvard Law School, he was a member of the Board of Student Advisers. He teaches and writes in the areas of international human rights, constitutional law, and issues concerning indigenous peoples. 
Anaya has served as a consultant for organizations and government agencies in numerous countries on matters of human rights and indigenous peoples, and he has represented indigenous groups from many parts of North and Central America in landmark cases before courts and international organizations. He was the lead counsel for the indigenous
parties in the case of "Awas Tingni v. Nicaragua", in which the Inter-American Court of Human Rights for the first time upheld indigenous land rights as a matter of international law. In addition, he directed the legal team that successfully achieved a judgment by the Supreme Court of Belize affirming the traditional land rights of the Maya people of that country.

</doc>
<doc id="19433075" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19433075" title="Kiosk of Qertassi">
Kiosk of Qertassi

The Kiosk of Qertassi is "a tiny Roman kiosk with four slender papyrus columns inside, two Hathor columns at the entrance." It is a small but elegant structure that "is unfinished and not inscribed with the name of the architect, but is probably contemporary with Trajan's Kiosk at Philae." According to Günther Roeder--the first scholar to publish research on this building--the kiosk of Qertassi dates to the Augustan or early Roman period. 
The structure "is only twenty-five feet square, and consists of a single Hathor court oriented north or south, and originally surrounded by fourteen columns connected by screen walls." Of the 14 pillars, only 6 have survived in place. The pillars or columns were made of brown sandstone; the structure itself was "perhaps connected to a small temple on the East Bank the Nile which was still in existence in 1813." 
This charming kiosk has now been moved to the site of New Kalabsha in Southern Egypt but "once stood to the entrance to the sandstone quarries" of Qertassi. Its capitals "are decorated with Hathor heads, in honour of the goddess who was patron of quarry-men and miners. Since Hathor was often associated with Isis, as she is at Philae, it has been suggested that "this kiosk and the small temples of Dabod and Dendur were way stations on the processional route taken by priests bearing the image of Isis around Lower Nubia, which was held to be her estate." Due to the paucity of timber in the arid region of Nubia, the kiosk's roof was constructed with sandstone slabs that were supported by architraves on its long sides.

</doc>
<doc id="19433092" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19433092" title="1995 NFL Expansion Draft">
1995 NFL Expansion Draft

The 1995 National Football League Expansion Draft was held on February 15, 1995. The two new expansion teams, the Carolina Panthers and the Jacksonville Jaguars alternated picks from lists of unprotected players from existing franchises. Existing NFL teams made six players available, and the new teams were required to pick a minimum of 30 and a maximum of 42 players. Each time one of the expansion franchises selected a player from an existing team, that team was then permitted to remove a remaining player from its list of available players.
In addition to these draft picks, the Panthers received the first pick in the 1995 NFL Draft, and the Jaguars were given the second pick.
The Panthers ultimately picked 35 players, while the Jaguars picked 31.

</doc>
<doc id="19433136" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19433136" title="The Basilica of Our Lady of Bonaria">
The Basilica of Our Lady of Bonaria

The Basilica of Our Lady of Bonaria is a Roman Catholic shrine to the Blessed Virgin Mary located in Cagliari, Italy. The Basilica is part of a complex of buildings which make up the Shrine of Our Lady of Bonaria. The Basilica and the other structures are under the administration of the Order of the Blessed Virgin Mary of Mercy, a Religious Order which has overseen the care of the shrine continuously since 1335.
General Background.
At the beginning of the 18th century, the Order of the Blessed Virgin Mary of Mercy (Mercedarian Friars) conceived of a great Basilica in honour of Our Lady of Bonaria. The new church would, it was planned at the time, contain the original 13th century Sanctuary of Our Lady of Bonaria inside, as a chapel. This original Sanctuary currently exists as a separate building standing beside the Basilica.
Work began in the Basilica in 1704. After a number of different interventions and long pauses between one century and another, was it finally completed in 1960. The original planner for the project was Antonio Felice De Vincenti, a military engineer who designed it in the Piedmontese baroque style. He also had a wooden model of the Basilica project constructed. The work was unable to continue, though, for lack of funds. After several interruptions, they began again towards the end of 18th century, this time entrusting the task to the tutelage of De Vincenti's pupil Giuseppe Viana, also a military engineer. The new supervisor was not keen on his master's plan, however: the idea of the great baroque Basilica was, therefore, abandoned for a more sobre classical construction. 
The Basilica was inaugurated and opened for worship at the beginning of the second half of the 20th century. It suffered serious damage in 1943 during the allied bombardments which struck Cagliari. The bombs caused irreparable damage: the frescoes were completely destroyed, as were a large number of other treasures. In the post-war period, the patient and slow task of reconstruction began, which only ended in 1998, for Easter. Vitally important to the success of the restoration was the contribution of Cagliari City Council. Inside the Basilica, near the entrance door, a series of texts and photos document the history of the church, showing how it looked before and after the restructuring.
Special Honors.
The Basilica was visited by Pope Benedict XVI on September 8, 2008. On that occasion he bestowed the honor of a Golden Rose to the Basilica.

</doc>
<doc id="19433161" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19433161" title="Tina Kandelaki">
Tina Kandelaki

Tina Kandeláki (, , born November 10, 1975) is a Georgian-born Russian journalist, public figure, TV presenter and producer. A co-owner of the Apostol company.
Bio.
Tina was born in Tbilisi, Georgia. Tina’s father Givi Kandelaki (1942 – 2009) was an economist and the director of a vegetable depot in Tbilisi, moved to Moscow upon retirement. Givi Kandelaki is descended from the Kandelakis, a noble Georgian family of Greek descent. Tina’s mother Elvira Kandelaki (maiden name Alakhverdova) is a narcologist of Armenian descent. Tina graduated from high school #64 in Tbilisi. In 1993 Tina was accepted into the Medical Department of Tbilisi State University. But soon after she left medicine and transferred to the Journalist Department. In 2008 she graduated from the Foreign Affairs Department of the Russian State University for the Humanities.
On November 26, 2006 Kandelaki was involved in a car accident in Nice, France. Kandelaki was a passenger of a Ferrari Enzo driven by Suleyman Kerimov, Russian billionaire and entrepreneur. The car went off road and crashed into a tree. The cause of the car accident is unknown. Kerimov was seriously injured and rushed to a hospital. 
TV and Radio.
Kandelaki worked for Radio 105, a radio station in Tbilisi, Georgia, until 1995, when she left for Moscow and started working on many TV and radio stations, such as M-radio, RDV, Silver Rain Radio, 2x2, Biz-TV, Muz-TV, Vremechko and TV-6. 
Since September 2002 Kandelaki has been hosting the talk show Details on the STS channel with Russian celebrity guests.
In 2006 she received her first TEFI (the highest Russian TV award) for the “Best Talk Show TV Presenter” nomination. 
Since February 2003 Kandelaki has been hosting the TV show «The Smartest», the most popular version of “Britain's brainiest kid” quiz show. The show, as well as its host, received two more TEFIs — in 2004 and 2009.
2006 — Tina Kandelaki, together with Sergey Dorenko presented a weekly political program on Echo of Moscow (Russian radio station)
2008 —Kandelaki hosts Unreal Politics, a show that was aired on NTV. The show started as an experimental online project, in time Unreal Politics turned into one of the most popular talk shows on Russian TV with celebrity guests from politics, business and entertainment
2009 — Kandelaki hosts Two Stars, a TV-show on Channel One
2009 — works as a producer of Infomania, a TV-program on STS, a unique infotainment program for the thinking audience
2009 — dubbed Juarez, one of the guinea pigs of the G-force movie by Walt Disney Pictures
2010 — is a jury member of KVN Top-league (a TV game show)
2010 — is a TV-host for the show Perfect Man (STS Channel)
2010 - is a jury member of Bolshaya Raznitsa a parody show hosted in Odessa. (Russia One channel)
Public Activities.
In November 2007 Kandelaki condemned the policy of Georgian president Mikheil Saakashvili. “A man who acted as a mouthpiece for democracy in Georgia turned out to be a medieval tyrant”. She addressed a call for Georgians to draw international attention to the situation in Tbilisi when the authorities were breaking up public demonstrations, and, also, to stop Saakhashvili.
Since October 2009 Kandelaki has become a member of the Public Chamber of the Russian Federation by invitation of Russian President Dmitry Medvedev. Kandelaki is a member of the Public Chamber on the Education Committee. Tina Kandelaki takes an active stand for favorable conditions destined to cultivate the potential of gifted children, and promotes the introduction of modern technologies into Russian schools. Within the framework of the Public Chamber , Kandelaki organized and led a series of round tables titled “The Internet as an instrument of revealing weak spots of society” and “How would the Russian education system change under the pressure of demographic problems?”, among the participants of which were the heads of Russian regions, representatives of federal state authorities, influential businessmen and famous bloggers.
On February 28th 2012 Tina held a round table with Russian presidential candidates titled “The future of Russian education: how to avoid a catastrophe.”
In 2011 Tina signed “Letter 55” (a public address from public representatives against the informational undermining of public trust in the Russian judicial system) which condemned the pressure put on the judicial system during the trials against the heads of the "Yukos Oil Company".
On August 26th 2011 at the Baltschug Kempinski Hotel in Moscow, Tina Kandelaki launched the first Russian National Educational project - “Smart School”.
On February 25th Tina became head of the public council of the “Clean Elections” monitoring group, which was organized by the Coordination Council of Young Lawyers association on February 23rd 2012.
On the evening of March 4th 2012 Tina announced in her livejournal that “independent lawyers have acknowledged Vladimir Putins victory in the first round of elections”.
Business.
Tina Kandelaki is partner and co-owner of Apostol Media Group. The company produces TV-programs for leading Russian TV channels and provides a full spectrum of PR services.
Kandelaki is the owner of “Tinatin”, a restaurant opened in Moscow in 2010. The recipes used in the menu of the restaurant have been passed down from Kandelaki’s mother. On June 3, 2011, Tinatin received the Russian National Restaurant Award for “Best Ethnic Cuisine”.
From May to November 2011 Kandelaki was on the board of directors of Vyatka-bank.
On January 29th 2012 Tina launched a political talk-show with video blogger Dmitry Kamikadze - “A flight with Kamikadze”. Tina is the producer of the program. 
In March 2012 Tina signed a contract with cosmetics company Oriflame. According to the contract Tina will represent Oriflame products for 2 years in Russia and the CIS countries, as well as participate in company events. Although there is no official information, and Tina would not disclose the sum of the contract – it is rumored to be $2.000.000.
Awards and Achievements.
In 2006 Kandelaki won the Russian style and fashion award Astra for “The Most Stylish TV-hostess”;
In 2006 won the Glamour magazine award for “Form and content”;
Tina was voted the sexiest TV-hostess in Russia among 10 nominees of the “Top 10 Sexy” awards in a “TV” category;
Winner of 3 TEFIs awards (2004, 2006, 2009);
On November 29th “The Smart school” project, which was launched by Tina Kandelaki, won the national Runet Prize 2011 contest in the category of “Science and Education”.

</doc>
<doc id="19433162" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19433162" title="Baby Islands">
Baby Islands

The Baby Islands are a group of small islands located about northeast of Unalga Island in the Fox Islands group of the Aleutian Islands of southwestern Alaska. The group consists of five islands ranging from 980 to 3280 feet (300 to 1000 m) long and several smaller islets. The islands are uninhabited and none of them rise more than a few metres above sea level. Large numbers of birds, notably the whiskered auklet, nest on the islands, making them a frequent stop for nature tours in the area (the group is located only from Dutch Harbor on Unalaska Island). However, the ocean near the islands is extremely hazardous for ships because of the shallow water and numerous rocks that lie just below water's surface.

</doc>
<doc id="19433173" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19433173" title="National Register of Historic Places listings in Stearns County, Minnesota">
National Register of Historic Places listings in Stearns County, Minnesota

This is a list of the National Register of Historic Places listings in Stearns County, Minnesota. It is intended to be a complete list of the properties and districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Stearns County, Minnesota, United States. The locations of National Register properties and districts for which the latitude and longitude coordinates are included below, may be seen in an online map.
There are 36 properties and districts listed on the National Register in the county, including one National Historic Landmark. A supplementary list includes three additional sites that were formerly on the National Register.

</doc>
<doc id="19433182" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19433182" title="Dance (Paul Motian album)">
Dance (Paul Motian album)

Dance is the third album by Paul Motian to be released on the ECM label. It was released in 1977 and features performances by Motian with David Izenzon and Charles Brackeen.
Reception.
The Allmusic review by Scott Yanow awarded the album 4½ stars stating "Although drummer Paul Motian is the leader of this trio set with the brilliant bassist David Izenzon, it is Charles Brackeen, heard on tenor and soprano, who is generally the solo star. Motian's six originals (which include "Waltz Song," "Kalypso," "Asia" and "Lullaby") contain plenty of variety and generally live up to their titles. ".

</doc>
<doc id="19433221" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19433221" title="John Bohlinger (musician)">
John Bohlinger (musician)

John Bohlinger (born 1966) is an American musician and writer who works primarily in television as a band leader/music director for NBC's program "Nashville Star" and The GAC Network's series, "The Next GAC Star", the 2009/2010/2011/2012 "CMT Music Awards", CMT's Christmas Special featuring "Larry The Cable Guy" as well as PBS's "The Outlaw Trail", GAC networks' 2012 "Christmas with Scotty McCreery & Friends"
In addition to his work in music, John is a contributor and co-editor of "A Guitar and a Pen, Stories by Country Music's Greatest Songwriter", published by Center Street, a division of Hachette book group. John also writes a monthly column entitled "Last Call" for "Premiere Guitar" magazine and writes reviews for "American Songwriter" magazine.
Early life and education.
John Bohlinger is the son of Montana lieutenant governor John Bohlinger and Bette Cobetto Bohlinger. During high school his parents withdrew him from public school and sent him to the Hun School of Princeton, where he graduated. Bohlinger began his undergraduate studies at the University of Montana, quit school after two years to work at a school and orphanage in Honduras, then returned to finish his bachelor's studies at Columbia University, where he graduated magna cum laude in English literature and was elected to the Phi Beta Kappa Society.
Though he was awarded a full fellowship to Columbia's Teacher's College, John returned to Montana with his family where he became a part-time faculty member in the English department at Eastern Montana College. While teaching at Eastern John worked toward a Masters in Education but left the program to pursue his music career.
Career.
Musician.
John Bohlinger is best known as the band leader for 6 seasons of NBC's hit program "Nashville Star" and music director for the "CMT Music Awards" 2009 through 2013. John originally moved to Nashville to pursue a song-writing career but soon found guitar playing a more stable means of feeding his family. John became the consummate Nashville sideman; he has accompanied over fifty major label artist throughout his tenure in Nashville including Miranda Lambert, Jewel, Sheryl Crow, Little Big Town, Joe Walsh, Chrissie Hynde,The Commodores, Luke Bryant, Bret Michaels of Poison, Sara Evans, LeAnn Rimes, Hank Williams Jr, Kenny Rogers, Justin Hayward (of The Moody Blues), Tanya Tucker, Lamont Dozier, The Beach Boys, Randy Owen of Alabama, and many others. A versatile multi instrumentalist, John has recorded master sessions on electric and acoustic guitars, bass, pedal steel and mandolin.
Songwriter.
John's songs have also been recorded by Joe Walsh, Chrissie Hynde, Ann and Nancy Wilson of Heart as well as many other major label and independent label artists. Hundreds of John's musical compositions have can be heard as background music in film and television.
Writer.
In 2001, John left the music business and worked toward a PhD in psychology at Tennessee State University. Unable to completely leave the arts, John began pitching a book idea entitled "A Guitar and a Pen" eventually enlisting his friend Robert Hicks as a partner. The book of short stories by Nashville songwriters was eventually published by Center Street in 2008.
John writes a monthly column entitled "Last Call", a somewhat comedic, instructional guide to earning a living as a musician in the music business. "Last Call" gives the readers a stage-right view of the stress, the fun, and the Spinal Tappish insanity of playing for a living. Although working and aspiring musicians comprise the main demographic, music fans are drawn to his column as well.
Voice Over/ Acting.
John is the voice over narrator for the 2012, six part series "The Songs of John Cash" on Ovation TV.
John also played Gwyneth Paltrow's bass player in her film "Country Strong".
Personal life.
He married the former Sherrie Love, a visual artist, painter and sculptor; the couple has since divorced. They have a son, August Bohlinger (1987-2007) A scholarship to Nashville's W.O. Smith school was set up in August Bohlinger's name.
On November 30, 2008, John married singer/songwriter/musician Megan Mullins. The couple lives in Nashville.

</doc>
<doc id="19433242" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19433242" title="WJNI">
WJNI

WJNI may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19433265" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19433265" title="Dangerous Eden">
Dangerous Eden

"Dangerous Eden" is an episode of the American television detective series "Hawaiian Eye".
Synopsis.
Film legend Marta Gregory is making a movie on an Oahu beach with her crew. Hawaiian Eye has been hired to provide security. When Tracey Steele visits the filming, he learns that Marta's stand-in, Kay Laniel, is threatening to sue the star for slander. Marta has accused the younger woman of having an affair with her boyfriend Philip. Max Stanley, Marta's old friend and producer, asks Steele to dig up evidence to support Marta's accusation. Steele suspects there is something more behind the lawsuit threat than infidility. His suspicions are borne out when he learns that Marta has been sending checks to her former colleague, David Evarts, for fifteen years.
Evarts has evidently been blackmailing Marta Gregory over some incident in her past. Kay Laniel has found out, and wants $50,000 for herself, with the lawsuit as a cover story. Steele learns Philip and Kay have been arranging a nightly rendezvous at the Aloha Hut by paging a fictitious "Sam Aoki" at the Hawaiian Village Hotel. He tries to visit Evarts at his house, but the latter is killed and Steele wounded by a female assailent. When Kay and Philip try to collect their settlement money, Steele tricks Kay into revealing she must have killed Evarts. 
Musical interlude.
All the Warner Brothers detective shows of the late fifties and early sixties had one or more musical interludes written into the teleplay. For this episode, Robert Conrad sang "I've Got a Crush on You" with the Shell Bar band accompanying him.
Episode notes.
Once a season the producers would unleash Robert Conrad's singing voice on an unsuspecting audience. Conrad had a rich baritone and technical control, but his singing style was overblown to the point of campiness. 

</doc>
<doc id="19433300" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19433300" title="St. Johns County School District">
St. Johns County School District

St. Johns County School District (SJCSD) is the public school district for St. Johns County, Florida. St. Johns County is home to three of the nation's best high schools (Nease 91st, Bartram 327th and St. Augustine 421st) according to "Newsweek Magazine" in 2008.
School board.
The county administrative offices are located at 40 Orange Street in St. Augustine, Florida. The superintendent of SJCSD is Dr. Joseph Joyner, who administrates the daily operation of public schools in the county. The position of superintendent is appointed by the St. Johns County School Board, a body of five elected officers, each board member representing a specific geographic area. The current School Board members, in order of district number, are Beverly Slough, Tommy Allen, Bill Mignon, Bill Fehling and Carla Wright.
Board members are elected in staggered four years terms with 2-term limits; districts 1, 3 & 5 elected during midterm election cycles (next in 2010) and districts 2 & 4 elected during presidential cycles (next in 2008).
Growth.
With the tremendous population growth, the number of St. Johns County academic high schools tripled between 2000 and 2008. For the 2007-2008 school year, the district had an enrollment of 27,514 students, which according to the "St. Augustine Record" continued its ranking as "one of the fastest-growing school districts in the state" of Florida. That figure reflected a four percent increase (1,040 students) from the previous year. 
FCAT.
Florida Public K-12 Schools are graded based on data from the Florida Comprehensive Assessment Test (FCAT) provided by Florida Department of Education. St. Johns County schools received the following marks:
See also.
List of high schools in Florida

</doc>
<doc id="19433330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19433330" title="Edward Howard (playwright)">
Edward Howard (playwright)

Edward Howard (1624 – c. 1700) was an English dramatist and author of the Restoration era. He was the fifth son of Thomas Howard, 1st Earl of Berkshire, and one of four playwriting brothers: Sir Robert Howard, Colonel Henry Howard, and James Howard were the others. The brothers were sometimes confused in their own era, and Edward was sometimes given credit for his brother Henry's play "The United Kingdoms".
Biography.
Edward Howard was christened on 2 November 1624, at St. Martin-in-the-Fields.
Howard had a reputation as an exacting and difficult author. In their famous satire "The Rehearsal", the Duke of Buckingham and his collaborators mocked Howard for being demanding and contentious during the actors' rehearsals of his plays. Howard himself acknowledged his reputation; he wrote a Prologue to his "Man of Newmarket" in which the actors Robert Shatterell and Joseph Haynes criticize Howard for not allowing cuts or improvisations in his dramas. Howard complained that when the actors in his "Six Days' Adventure" encountered a hostile audience response, they neglected "that diligence required to their parts."
He has been described as "the arrogant, touchy Edward Howard." He "seems to have struck his contemporaries as the epitome of the literary fop..." In a quarrel over the "Change of Crowns" matter, actor and fellow playwright John Lacy reportedly called Howard "more a fool than a poet." Howard slapped Lacy's face with his glove, and Lacy cracked Howard over the head with his cane.
Charles Sackville, 6th Earl of Dorset wrote his "Satire on a Conceited Playwright" about Edward Howard; Dorset called Howard's poetry "solid nonsense that abides all tests." Thomas Shadwell caricatured Howard as the "poet Ninny" in his first play, "The Sullen Lovers" (1668). Alexander Pope included a mention of him in "The Dunciad", Book 1, line 297.
Plays.
His best drama is arguably "The Change of Crowns". Samuel Pepys saw it on 15 April 1667, performed by the King's Company at the Theatre Royal, Drury Lane; in his Diary Pepys called it "the best that I ever saw at that house, being a great play and serious." During the première performance of the play, however, cast member John Lacy improvised some lines that offended King Charles II, who had Lacy incarcerated in response. As a result of the controversy, "The Change of Crowns" was not published in its own era.
Howard's other plays were treated roughly by the critics of the day. Restoration dramatists often reworked the plays of earlier playwrights; "Ned" Howard was accused of relying on work by James Shirley.
His five plays are:

</doc>
<doc id="19433346" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19433346" title="Bernger von Horheim">
Bernger von Horheim

Bernger von Horheim was a Rhenish Minnesänger of the late twelfth century. He wrote in the tradition of courtly love and was influenced by Friedrich von Hausen. 
Bernger may originate from Horrheim in Vaihingen an der Enz. Another possibility is Harheim near Frankfurt. A "Berengerius de Orehem" is recorded in Italy in 1196 with Philip of Swabia, probably participating in the campaign of Emperor Henry VI in Apulia. A "Ritterklage" in Bernger's fourth song may refer to this campaign. 
Six of Bernger's songs, seventeen stanzas in total, are recorded in the "Codex Manesse". Thirteen of these stanzas (all except songs V and VI) are also found in the "Weingartner Liederhandschrift." His songs are predominantly "Minneklagen", though song II has been called a "Lügenlied" (lying song). In each of its four strophes Bernger sings of happiness and fulfilled love before ending with the claim that he was lying. This song type was later adopted by Tannhäuser and Der Marner.
Bernger's debt to Chrétien de Troyes is evident in his treatment of Tristan and Iseult and the "Matter of Britain."

</doc>
<doc id="19433367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19433367" title="Athletics at the 2008 Summer Paralympics – Men's 800 metres T52">
Athletics at the 2008 Summer Paralympics – Men's 800 metres T52

The Men's 800m T52 had its First Round held on September 14 at 18:16 and its Final on September 16 at 10:31.

</doc>
<doc id="19433379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19433379" title="Eagles Building (Lorain, Ohio)">
Eagles Building (Lorain, Ohio)

Eagles Building is a building in Lorain, Ohio. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.

</doc>
<doc id="19433395" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19433395" title="Daisuke Tsutsumi">
Daisuke Tsutsumi

Biography.
Born and raised in Tokyo, Japan, Dice moved to New York in 1993 where he enrolled at the School of Visual Arts. After graduating in 1998, he began a two year stint as a staff illustrator at Lucas Learning Ltd (see Lucasfilm). In 2000, Dice was employed as a visual development/color key artist for Blue Sky Studios where he stayed until 2007 when he joined Pixar Animation Studios in his current role. He is married to Mei Okuyamai, the niece of acclaimed anime director Hayao Miyazaki.
Books.
Dice has appeared in both volumes of Blue Sky Studios Out of Picture anthology, contributing the stories "Noche Y Dia" in Volume 1 and "The Dream of Kyosuke" in Volume 2.
Special projects.
In 2008, Dice (along with Ronnie del Carmen. Enrico Casarosa and Yukino Pang) initiated the Totoro Forest Project, a fundraising exhibition/auction to support the non-profit Totoro Forest Foundation. This initiative also produced a corresponding art book reprinting the various pieces contributed and included the likes of James Jean, Charles Vess, Iain McCaig and William Joyce among others.
He is also currently overseeing Sketchtravel (with Gerald Guerlais) which purpose is "Sharing a reel sketchbook between 60 international artists in order to do a unique book" and the end result auctioned off to benefit the various chosen charities that the participating artists choose.

</doc>
<doc id="19433421" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19433421" title="Le Voyage">
Le Voyage

Le Voyage is the fourth album by Paul Motian to be released on the ECM label. It was released in 1979 and features performances by Motian with Jean-François Jenny Clark and Charles Brackeen.
Reception.
The Allmusic review by Don Snowden awarded the album 4 stars stating "Le Voyage is a very reflective, ruminative disc bordering on chamber jazz and marked by that distinctive ECM sound, clean but very distant. It's top-quality music, but look to Dance for more liveliness and ebullience in this phase of Paul Motian's career.".

</doc>
<doc id="19433423" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19433423" title="2006 Slovak Figure Skating Championships">
2006 Slovak Figure Skating Championships

The 2006 Slovak Figure Skating Championships () were the Slovak Figure Skating Championships for the 2005–2006 season. They crowned the national champions in figure skating for Slovakia in the disciplines of men's singles, ladies singes, and pair skating on the senior and junior levels.
They were held in Košice from December 17 through December 19, 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="19433435" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19433435" title="Loening PA-1">
Loening PA-1

The Loening PA-1 (Pursuit-Air cooled) was an American fighter aircraft prototype built by Loening Aeronautical Engineering.
Development.
The PA-1 was the first air-cooled, radial engine-powered aircraft. It was a single-seat biplane with N-struts, an all-wood fuselage, and wings with fabric coverings. The USAAS ordered two prototypes. The first one first flew in March 1922. It did not deliver the desired speed, so the construction of the second prototype was cancelled.

</doc>
<doc id="19433447" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19433447" title="FM S.H.E">
FM S.H.E

FM S.H.E () is the ninth studio album by Taiwanese Mandopop girl group S.H.E. It was released on 23 September 2008 by HIM International Music in two editions: "FM S.H.E (Retro Radio Edition)" (我的電台 復古電台版) and "FM S.H.E (Future Radio Edition)" (我的電台 未來電台版) which contains a bonus DVD with two music videos and behind-the-scene footage.
The album contains 12 tracks and members of the group take on the persona of radio hosts, which is interspersed with three radio station-esque snippets. The track "安静了" (It's Quiet Now), with lyrics rewritten by Selina, is a cover of "安靜" (Silence) by Taiwanese artist Jay Chou, which was released in his second album "Fantasy".
From December 2007 to September 2008, the music video for "宇宙小姐" (Miss Universe) was the year's 5th most popular music video, having been requested over 32 million times.
Reception.
The album debuted at number one on Taiwan's G-Music Top 20 Weekly Mandarin and Combo Charts, and Five Music Chart at week 38 (19 to 25 September 2008) with a percentage sales of 35.81%, 17.9% and 25.18% respectively.
The tracks "安静了" (It's Quiet Now), "宇宙小姐" (Miss Universe) and "沿海公路的出口" (Coastal Highway Exit) are listed at number 14, 68 and 84 respectively on Hit Fm Taiwan's "Hit Fm Annual Top 100 Singles Chart" (Hit-Fm年度百首單曲) for 2008.
The track, "安静了" (It's Quiet Now) won one of the "Top 10 Songs of the Year" at the 2009 HITO Radio Music Awards presented by Taiwanese radio station Hit FM.
The album was awarded one of the "Top 10 Selling Mandarin Albums of the Year" at the 2008 IFPI Hong Kong Album Sales Awards, presented by the Hong Kong branch of IFPI.

</doc>
<doc id="19433458" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19433458" title="Red Sun of Darkover">
Red Sun of Darkover

Red Sun of Darkover is an anthology of fantasy and science fiction short stories edited by Marion Zimmer Bradley. The stories are set in Bradley's world of Darkover. The book was first published by DAW Books (No. 725) in November, 1987.

</doc>
<doc id="19433487" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19433487" title="WNCC">
WNCC

WNCC may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19433498" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19433498" title="Tang bao">
Tang bao

Tang bao or Guantangbao is a large, soup-filled baozi originating from China. Various varieties are found, with some name variations in various parts of the country. All of these buns are made by wrapping a gelatinous filling in dough, which is then steamed to melt the filling into soup. Some examples include:

</doc>
<doc id="19433522" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19433522" title="Shrine of Our Lady of Bonaria">
Shrine of Our Lady of Bonaria

The Shrine of Our Lady of Bonaria also known as Our Lady of Fair Winds is a Marian title associated with the Blessed Virgin Mary as Star of the Sea and patron of sailboats. In addition, it is first associated with a Roman Catholic shrine to the Blessed Virgin Mary located in Cagliari, Italy.
The Shrine is part of a complex of buildings which include the Basilica of Our Lady of Bonaria, the Sanctuary of Our Lady of Bonaria and the monastery which houses the friars of the Order of the Blessed Virgin Mary of Mercy. The Basilica and the other structures are under the administration of the Mercedarians, a religious order which has overseen the care of the shrine continuously since October 17, 1335.
Mary under this Marian title, is often portrayed carrying the Child Jesus, along with a golden sailboat and a candle in her right arm is invoked as the Patroness of Sardinia as well as Buenos Aires, Argentina, to which Pope Francis is also a known devotee.
History and traditional account.
On March 25, 1370, a ship coming from Spain was traveling towards Italy when it was seized by a terrible storm that put the lives of the crew and passengers at risk. The captain, in a last attempt to save the crew of the ship, ordered the sailors to cast into the sea the ship's cargo. This was done but without any aid to the sailors.
There was a large crate within the ship’s cargo - this was cast into the sea last of all the cargo. Suddenly, upon the crate entering the water, the storm ceased. The ship, attempting to regain the cargo, followed the crate for some time. Unable to retrieve it, the ship returned to its original route. The crate, however ran aground on the beach at the foot of the hill of Bonaria.
Many people were on the beach when the crate arrived and rushed to see what it was. They tried to open it, but no one succeeded. They tried to lift it, but every attempt was in vain - the box was too heavy. Suddenly a child cried out: “Call for one of the Mercedarian Friars!” The friars came in haste, and without any difficulty, raised the heavy crate and carried it into their church.
In silence and piety, the friars opened the crate, and along with everyone there, saw the contents. In that crate was a marvelous statue of the Blessed Virgin Mary and Child in her arms and, in her right hand, a lighted candle.
Etimology.
When the Catalans by name of the King of Aragon and Count of Barcelona conquered Cagliari, Sardinia from the Pisans in 1324, they established their headquarters on top of a hill that overlooked the city. The hill was known to them as "Bon Ayre" (or "Bon aria" in the local language), as it was free of the foul smell prevalent in the old city (the Castle area), which is adjacent to swampland. During the siege of Cagliari, the Catalans built a sanctuary to the Virgin Mary on top of the hill. In 1335, King Alfonso the Gentle donated the church to the Mercedarians, who built an abbey that stands to this day. In the years after that, a story circulated, claiming that a statue of the Virgin Mary was retrieved from the sea after it miraculously helped to calm a storm in the Mediterranean Sea. The statue was placed in the abbey.
Two centuries later, Spanish sailors, especially Andalusians, venerated this image and frequently invoked the "Fair Winds" to aid them in their navigation and prevent shipwrecks. A sanctuary to the Virgin of Buen Aire would be later erected in Seville.
The capital of Argentina, Buenos Aires, was named by its founders the captain Pedro de Mendoza: "Santa María del Buen Aire" ("Holy Mary of the Fair Winds"), a name chosen by the chaplain of Mendoza's expedition, a devotee of the Virgin of Buen Aire. Mendoza’s settlement soon came under attack by indigenous peoples, and was abandoned in 1541.
Queen Patroness.
Devotion to Our Lady of Bonaria spread quickly over the island, and the Blessed Virgin Mary under this title has been named the patroness of Sardinia, then later became a patroness for Buenos Aires, Argentina along with the Holy Trinity.
Canonical Coronation and honours.
The Basilica of Our Lady of Bonaria was visited by Pope Benedict XVI on Feast of the Nativity of Mary in 2008. On that solemn occasion, the Pontiff granted a canonical coronation to the famed image, and bestowed the honor of a Golden Rose on the shrine.
Pope Francis made a repeated Apostolic visit to Sardinia in September 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="19433526" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19433526" title="Albert Gottfried Dietrich">
Albert Gottfried Dietrich

Albert Gottfried Dietrich (8 November 1795 – 22 May 1856) was a German botanist born in Danzig.
Dietrich was curator at the Botanical Garden in Berlin and was an instructor at the institute of horticulture at Berlin-Schöneberg. From 1833 to 1856, with Christoph Friedrich Otto (1783–1856), he was publisher of "Allgemeine Gartenzeitung", a newspaper devoted to gardening.

</doc>
<doc id="19433534" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19433534" title="Athletics at the 2008 Summer Paralympics – Men's 800 metres T53">
Athletics at the 2008 Summer Paralympics – Men's 800 metres T53

The Men's 800m T53 had its First Round held on September 14 at 17:40 and its Final on September 15 at 18:48.

</doc>
<doc id="19433546" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19433546" title="Monaville, West Virginia">
Monaville, West Virginia

Monaville is an unincorporated census-designated place in Logan County, West Virginia, United States. As of the 2010 census, its population was 309. It lies in the valley of Island Creek, a tributary of the Guyandotte River near the city of Logan. Monaville is situated between the unincorporated communities of Wilkinson and Rossmore.
History.
Monaville formerly held the US Postal ZIP code 25636 until the Post Office was closed by the US Postal Service. Monaville was formerly known as "Vanceville" and was listed as such on a US Postal Service Map of the late 1890s. The region was likely named for the Vance family who owned much of the land prior to the coal mining era.
The name was believed to have been changed to Monaville in honor of Mona Wilkinson, the daughter of a prominent coal mining official. The Logan Mining Company operated a coal mine here and the name Mona Mine appears on a 1918 photo of the coal tipple.
Island Creek Coal Company, based in Holden, operated the #11 and #12 mines in this region. Monaville is the location of the Foster Armory, which houses a West Virginia National Guard unit. The state archives is currently rebuilding the original split-log Monaville schoolhouse in the basement of the state capitol complex.

</doc>
<doc id="19433557" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19433557" title="WORO">
WORO

WORO may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19433593" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19433593" title="Southern Thames Historic District">
Southern Thames Historic District

The Southern Thames Historic District is a historic district in Newport, Rhode Island that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2008. The district is also known as Lower Thames Historic District.
It was built or has other significance in c.1825, c.1845, and c.1880.
It includes work designed by architect Ralph Adams Cram and others.
It includes Colonial and Federal architecture.
When listed, the district included 737 contributing buildings and two contributing structures. Also included are 169 non-contributing buildings.

</doc>
<doc id="19433597" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19433597" title="Sadie Peterson Delaney">
Sadie Peterson Delaney

Sadie Peterson Delaney (1889–1958) was the chief librarian of the Veterans Administration Hospital in Tuskegee, Alabama, for 34 years. She is well known as a pioneer for her work with bibliotherapy.
Biography.
Sadie Peterson Delaney, daughter of Julia Frances Hawkins Johnson and James Johnson, was born on February 26, 1889, in Rochester, New York. She attended high school in Poughkeepsie, New York, and also spent one year at Miss McGovern’s School of Social Work. She attended college at the College of the City of New York, graduating in 1919. She went on to receive her library training at the New York Public Library School from 1920 to 1921. Delaney had one daughter named Grace with her first husband, Edward Louis Peterson. They divorced in 1924, and she married Rudicel A. Delaney in 1928. Delaney had a heart attack and died in Tuskegee, Alabama, on May 4, 1958.
Career.
New York Public Library.
Delaney continued her work at the New York Public Library after she completed her training. She worked at the 135th Street Branch in Harlem through 1923. She worked diligently to increase the programs available for children of different ethnic backgrounds. She ran story hours, discussion groups, and other events for children. Some of the events were geared specifically toward juvenile delinquents, foreign-born children or blind children. Her interest in working with blind children led her to learn Braille and Moon Code, a system of reading and writing for blind people. She also worked with parents and community elders, helping them to see the value of the library for the children that they worked with at home or in community groups. 
While at the New York Public Library, Delaney was integral in the development of an African American collection. She routinely met with African American authors, helping them to connect with other authors and publishers. Delaney often helped arrange artistic programs that included talks by scholars and community leaders such as W.E.B Du Bois, James Weldon Johnson, William H. Ferris, George Edmund Haynes, Hubert Harrison, and Fred Moore. She also established the first African American exhibit of art held in the New York Public Library.
Veterans Administration Hospital.
Delaney was approached to head the library at the Veterans Administration Hospital in Tuskegee, Alabama. The hospital was home to physically disabled African American war veterans and veterans with mental or emotional issues. Delaney initially took a six-month leave of absence from the New York Public Library; however, she ended up staying in Tuskegee for the remainder of her career. When she arrived at the Veterans Administration Hospital in January 1924, there were just 200 books and a table in the library.
One of the first things Delaney did in Tuskegee was make the library more welcoming. She moved it into a larger room and added plants, wall hangings, flowers and other inviting elements. She wanted to have a positive impact on the patients in the hospital. She also began acquiring books for both the patients and the medical staff.
Within one year of Delaney’s arrival in Tuskegee, the library had 4,000 volumes available for patients and 85 volumes available in the medical library. Library circulation had risen to 1,000 books per month. By 1954, there were over 13,000 volumes in the patient library and over 3,000 volumes in the medical library. In addition to the chief librarian, there were six library assistants to help handle the demand for library resources.
Bibliotherapy.
Delaney used bibliotherapy extensively in her work. She defined bibliotherapy as, “the treatment of patients through selected reading.” She was an advocate of giving the patients individual attention in order to learn their interests. She could use this knowledge to help pair them with books that would engage them. To help choose appropriate books for patients, Delaney would consult with the doctors and medical staff. She spoke of the value of having a librarian at medical meetings regarding patients. She also reviewed books, especially those that were written by or depicted African Americans. When choosing books for the library collection, Delaney took patient interests into consideration. She also tried to maintain information on current events and reference materials. 
To complement her work with books and bibliotherapy, Delaney developed many special programs for the patients. She instituted book talks, monthly program meetings, a story hour and a variety of other clubs. She could share her own interests in some of the groups, such as the stamp and coin collecting clubs. She tried diligently to get all of the veterans involved with clubs and library activities. She ran a book cart program so that patients confined to their beds still had access to reading material. For those unable to hold a book, Delaney arranged for the books to be projected on the wall. The patient could turn the pages with a single button. She also sang familiar songs and read poetry to help the patients feel more relaxed.
She continued her work with the blind by teaching Braille at the hospital. As blind patients learned how to read Braille, some of them taught others. Delaney acquired talking books for the blind patients. Delaney taught more than 600 patients how to read Braille. They were also encouraged to join the clubs and programs that were run, giving them the same opportunities as the other patients. 
In 1927, Delaney and the patients began broadcasting the library activities on the local radio station. The patients participated in book and art fairs, displaying their work and delivering talks about books. They were given numerous opportunities and choices for a creative outlet with the various activities available. Delaney also started the Disabled Veterans’ Literary Society, which received acclaim from the Veterans Administration. In the February 1938 "Opportunity" magazine, which Delaney occasionally wrote for, she explains her work with the patients in the hospital, “Here minds long imprisoned by lethargy are awakened…And once again he is alive with enthusiasm and joy derived from activity.”
Professional associations.
Delaney was active in many professional associations. She served on the advisory board for the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People (NAACP) for five years. She was a member of the International Library Association and the American Library Association (ALA), where she served on the Council from 1946 to 1951. Delaney was elected councilor of the ALA Hospital Library Division in 1947. She was also a member of the Library of Congress Committee for Work with the Blind. 
Delaney worked to join the Alabama Library Association, which did not allow African Americans into its membership at that time. She was eventually invited to join by the president of the Alabama Library Association; however, on April 15, 1951, when the next president took over, her dues were returned and her membership was discontinued. The Association suggested that she start an African American chapter, and Delaney balked at that idea. She cited examples of other professional organizations that had integrated, including library associations in other southern states. Delaney tried again to join the Alabama Library Association two years later, and was met with rejection again.
Awards and honors.
Students from University of Illinois, University of North Carolina and Atlanta University were sent to observe and learn from Delaney at the Veterans Administration Hospital. Librarians from Europe, South Africa and around the United States also came to observe Delaney and her use of bibliotherapy. Her library was used as a model for other Veterans Administration hospitals. She was invited to give speeches at American universities, community churches and a conference in Rome in 1934. 
In 1948, she was named Woman of the Year by the Iota Phi Lambda sorority. She received the same honor again in 1949 by the Zeta Phi Beta sorority, and then in 1950 by the National Urban League. Also in 1950, an honorary doctorate was bestowed upon her by Atlanta University. She was honored with a testimonial banquet at the 1950 American Library Association convention, and the US Veterans Administration awarded her their top award for excellence in 1956.

</doc>
<doc id="19433615" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19433615" title="Radisson Blu Oslo Cup">
Radisson Blu Oslo Cup

The Radisson Blu Oslo Cup (formerly the Radisson SAS Oslo Cup, the Weber Oslo Cup and just the Oslo Cup) is an annual curling tournament, held in September in Oslo. It is one of the first curling tournaments of the World Curling Tour season.

</doc>
<doc id="19433643" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19433643" title="WYRD">
WYRD

WYRD may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19433731" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19433731" title="Bryan Fairfax, 8th Lord Fairfax of Cameron">
Bryan Fairfax, 8th Lord Fairfax of Cameron

Bryan Fairfax (1736–1802), 8th Lord Fairfax of Cameron, boyhood friend of George Washington, became the first American-born member of the house of Lords.
Biography.
Bryan Fairfax was the son of Col. William Fairfax (1691–1757) of Belvoir and Deborah Clarke (1707–1747).
Bryan Fairfax lived at Belvoir, as a young man, with father Col. William Fairfax, business agent for his cousin, Thomas Fairfax, 6th Lord Fairfax of Cameron. William's son, George William and Sally Fairfax also lived there, and were close neighbors to George Washington's Mount Vernon. George Washington as a young man, with his brother Lawrence Washington, visited the Fairfax family at Belvoir often; Lord Fairfax employed Washington to join a surveying team of his western lands, in the valley of Virginia.
In 1754, Bryan Fairfax clerked for his brother-in-law, John Carlyle, in Alexandria, Virginia, and was appointed as a deputy clerk for Fairfax County.
Bryan Fairfax served as a lieutenant in George Washington's militia regiment, in George Mercer's company early in the French and Indian War, but he resigned his commission in 1756.
After a whirlwind social scene in Westmoreland and Essex County, John Carlyle, caught up with him in the Annapolis gaol, and brought him back to Belvoir, in 1757.
Bryan Fairfax married Elizabeth Cary, sister of Sally Cary Fairfax, in 1759.
They had three children: William, (died in infancy), Thomas (1762–1846), and Ferdinando (1766–1820). George Washington and Martha Washington traveled to Towlston Grange to stand as godparents for Fedinando.
Brian Fairfax lived at Greenhill (Accotink Creek and Back Road, now Telegraph Road) from 1760 - 1765. He then lived at Towlston Grange (Difficult Run and Leesburg Pike, now Route 7) from 1768 - 1790.
Bryan Fairfax served as a justice for Fairfax County at the same time as Washington. He was an avid foxhunter, and he and Washington often rode together.
Land Transactions.
In 1740 he was deeded , and 1741 was deeded , at Little Run or Hunger Run.
As a large landowner, Bryan Fairfax was active leasing out his property to smaller farmers such as Perrygreen Mackness.
He was given Towlston Grange with , in his father's will.
In 1772, he sold Washington a farm, Chattins Run, on Goose Creek, in Fauquier County, Virginia.
He sold Towlston Grange to George Washington for "₤"82.10.
Revolutionary War.
When the Fairfax Resolves were debated in 1774, Bryan Fairfax corresponded with George Washington, the chairman of the committee considering the Resolves.
Fairfax was torn over the question of American independence during the American Revolutionary War. On his own in 1777, he tried to travel to England. He was arrested in Lancaster, Pennsylvania, for refusing to sign a loyalty oath. However, he wrote to his good friend, George Washington, who sent him a pass to travel between the lines. In New York, British officials also required a loyalty oath, to board ship, which he refused to take. With his attempt thwarted, on his return trip home, he visited Washington, at Valley Forge.
After the war.
Bryan Fairfax later married Jennie Dennison. With her, he had two daughters.
He had long considered a religious life, and he was ordained priest in the Episcopal Church in 1789, serving as rector of Christ Church from 1790 to 1792.
He moved to Mount Eagle (plantation), (south of Hunting Creek, and Alexandria), where he lived from 1790 until his death.
In 1790, he built Ash Grove (plantation), on Leesburg Pike, (2 miles west of Tysons Corner), for his son, Thomas Fairfax. It was sold to James Sherman in 1850.
When the Seventh Lord Fairfax died in 1793, Bryan Fairfax initially ignored the title. However, while in England in 1798 on other business, he presented the necessary proofs to the House of Lords to claim the title.
George Washington’s last meal away from Mount Vernon, on December 7, 1799 was with Bryan Fairfax at Mount Eagle.; Bryan Fairfax was among the last guests at Mount Vernon, on December 11, 1799, before Washington died. He was one of the principal mourners at Washington’s funeral, and Washington left him a bible in his will.
In 1800, after he had returned to Virginia, the peerage was adjudged, and he became the Eighth Lord Fairfax. Bryan Fairfax died in 1802. His widow sued his executor, but the Supreme Court found for the executor in 1809. His son Thomas became the 9th Lord Fairfax of Cameron.
Correspondence with Washington.
When the Fairfax Resolves were debated in 1774, Bryan Fairfax sent letters to George Washington, the chairman of the committee considering the Resolves, giving reasons why they should not be adopted:
For I think myself bound to oppose violent measures now. The entering upon a Plan of having no Trade would be an arduous undertaking. I mean if persisted in, and if once entered upon it ought to be strictly kept. I therefore think it would be more proper to try first what Effect a petition might have toward obtaining a repeal of the Duty.
However, Washington responded:
As to your political sentiments, I would heartily join you in them, so far as relates to a humble and dutiful petition to the throne, provided there was the most distant hope of success. But have we not tried this already? Have we not addressed the Lords, and remonstrated to the Commons? And to what end? Did they deign to look at our petitions? Does it not appear, as clear as the sun in its meridan brightness, that there is a regular, systematic plan formed to fix the right & practise of taxation upon us?
But he added:
That I differ very widely from you, in respect to the mode of obtaining a repeal of the Acts so much, & so justly complaind of, I shall not hesitate to acknowledge; & that this difference in opinion may, probably, proceed from the different Construction's we put upon the Conduct, & Intention of the Ministry, may also be true; But as I see nothing on the one hand, to induce a belief that the Parliament would embrace a favourable opportunity of Repealing Acts which they go on with great rapidity to pass, in order to enforce their Tyrannical System; and on the other, observe, or think I observe, that Government is pursuing a regular Plan at the expence of Law & justice, to overthrow our Constitutional Rights & liberties, how can I expect any redress from a Measure which hath been ineffectually tryd already--For Sir what is it we are contending against? Is it against paying the duty of 3d. pr lb. on Tea because burthensome? No, it is the Right only, we have all along disputed, & to this end we have already Petitiond his Majesty in as humble, & dutiful a manner as Subjects could do;...
I cannot conclude without expressing some concern that I should differ so widely in Sentiments from you in a matter of such great Moment & general Import; & should much distrust my own judgement upon the occasion, if my Nature did not recoil at the thought of Submitting to Measures which I think Subversive of every thing that I ought to hold dear and valuable - and did I not find, at the same time, that the voice of Mankind is with me.
Byran Fairfax respectfully disagreed:
There is a new opinion now lately advanced in Virginia that the Parliament have no right to make any or scarce any Laws binding on the Colonies. It has given me much Uneasiness. For altho' I wish as much as any one that we were legally exempted from it, yet I hold it clearly that we ought to abide by our Constitution. The common Consent and Acquiescence in the Colonies for such a Length of time is to me a clear Proof of their having a Right. And altho' it is said that it has only been exercised in Matters of Trade, it will be found to be a Mistake.
Later during September, 1777, Bryan Fairfax was detained in Lancaster, Pennsylvania. However, he wrote to his good friend, George Washington, who sent him a pass to travel between the lines:
For the past two years I have had a strong Desire to enter into Holy Orders than ever I had before tho' frequently in my Life have had the same, yet generally suffered worldly considerations to interfere. This Desire and the not finding myself at Liberty to concur in the Public measures make me very anxious to get to England, and I have been in Hopes of obtaining a Pass from the Congress to go to N: York for that Purpose. There has appeared to me but one Objection, and that is, the giving of Intelligence, but I would not only enter into Engagements in that respect if required but it may considered that what I might say would be of little Consequence, but if of any would raher be in Favour of America because I really think that it would be the Interest of Great Britain to let her enjoy her Independance, for if successful in this Struggle which is very doubtful it might all be to do over again at another Time.
I intended to have seen Your Excellency before I left the warm Springs the last of August where Colo. Lewis, Your Brother & Mr. W. Washington and to have brought my Son Tommy with me, when I came home I found they had put him on the Militia Roll and draught him tho' under the Age required and therefore I had him excused. He is now with me, and I intended to have taken him with me, choosing to superintend his education.
...And if Your Excellency can give me a Pass that I may come & see You, I shall be very glad to do it whether I succeed in the other matter or not for You are often in my Mind & I have often sympathised with Yr. Ex. in regard to the great & labourious Undertaking You are engaged in...
Washington wrote him: The difference in our political Sentiments never made any change in my friendship for you, and the favorable Sentiments I ever entertained of your hon'r, leaves me without a doubt that you would say any thing, or do any thing injurious to the cause we are engaged in after having pledged your word to the contrary. I therefore give my consent readily...
Internal References.
Lord Fairfax of Cameron

</doc>
<doc id="19433741" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19433741" title="Tighten Up (Archie Bell &amp; the Drells album)">
Tighten Up (Archie Bell &amp; the Drells album)

Tighten Up is an album by American funk band Archie Bell & the Drells, released under Atlantic in 1968. The design of the album cover was by Loring Eutemey.

</doc>
<doc id="19433747" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19433747" title="2006 Czech Figure Skating Championships">
2006 Czech Figure Skating Championships

The 2006 Czech Figure Skating Championships were the Czech Figure Skating Championships for the 2005–2006 season. They crowned the national champions in figure skating for the Czech Republic in the disciplines of men's singles, ladies singes, pair skating, and ice dancing on the senior, junior, and novice levels.
They were held in České Budějovice between December 15 and December 18, 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="19433781" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19433781" title="Qarabulaq">
Qarabulaq

Qarabulaq may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19433783" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19433783" title="Clarence Tunnel">
Clarence Tunnel

The Clarence Tunnel is a railway tunnel that was originally part of the Main Western railway line across the Blue Mountains, New South Wales, Australia. It is approximately long.
History and description.
The tunnel -- located to the west of Clarence -- was built by William Watkins and opened on 18 October 1869. The tunnel is almost entirely straight apart from a curve at the Clarence end and is the highest railway tunnel in Australia. The tunnel was closed on 16 October 1910, after being by-passed by a new deviation. After the tunnel's closure, it was utilised for growing mushrooms. In 1944, during World War II, the Royal Australian Air Force (RAAF) stockpiled chemical munitions in the tunnel. The facility was known as "No. 4 Sub Depot" of "No. 1 Central Reserve RAAF" and was vacated by the RAAF in 1946. The tunnel was reopened in 1974 and forms part of the Lithgow Zig Zag tourist railway.

</doc>
<doc id="19433794" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19433794" title="French Worsted Company Mill Historic District">
French Worsted Company Mill Historic District

French Worsted Company Mill Historic District in a historic district at 153 Hamlet Avenue in Woonsocket, Rhode Island.
The district features a mill complex constructed between 1906 and 1939 with the backing of Woonsocket politician Aram Pothier, who convinced French investors to support the mill. The mill district was added to the National Register of Historic Places on May 21, 2008.
As of March 6, 2012, this series of buildings are being demolished.

</doc>
<doc id="19433820" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19433820" title="Ian Vaughan">
Ian Vaughan

Ian Vaughan may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19433838" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19433838" title="Ksar Akil">
Ksar Akil

Ksar Akil is an archeological site 10 km northeast of Beirut in Lebanon. It is located about west of Antelias spring on the north bank of the northern tributary of the Wadi Antelias. It is a large rock shelter below a steep limestone cliff. 
It was first noticed by Godefroy Zumoffen in 1900 and first studied by A. E. Day in 1926 then first systematically excavated by J.G. Doherty, S.J., and J.F. Ewing, S.J., in 1937-1938 and again in 1947-1948, then later by Jacques Tixier in 1969-1975 before research was interrupted by the Lebanese Civil War. 
Excavations showed occupational deposits reaching down to a depth of with one of the longest sequences of Paleolithic flint industries ever found in the Middle East. The first level of contained Upper Levalloiso-Mousterian remains with long and triangular Lithic flakes. The level above this showed industries accounting for all six stages of the Upper Paleolithic. An Emireh point was found at the first stage of this level (XXIV), at around below datum with a complete skeleton of an eight-year-old Homo Sapiens (called Egbert, now in the National Museum of Beirut after being studied in America) was discovered at , cemented into breccia. A fragment of a Neanderthal maxilla was also discovered in material from level XXVI or XXV, at around . Studies by Hooijer showed Capra and Dama were dominant in the fauna along with Stephanorhinus in later Levalloiso-Mousterian levels.
It is believed to be one of the earliest known sites containing Upper Paleolithic technologies including Aurignacian. Artifacts recovered from the site include Ksar Akil flakes, the main type of tool found at the site, along with shells with holes and chipped edge modifications that are suggested to have been used as pendants or beads. These indicate that the inhabitants were among the first in Western Eurasia to use personal ornaments. Results from radiocarbon dating indicate that the early humans may have lived at the site approximately 45,000 years ago or earlier. The presence of personal ornaments at Ksar Akil is suggestive of modern human behavior. The findings of ornaments at the site are contemporaneous with ornaments found at Late Stone Age sites such as Enkapune ya muto.
The site was rescued from burial under the sludge of gravel-making machines in 1964 by the Department of Antiquities, although is mostly unrecognizable due to quarrying operations with its talus buried under tons of soil.

</doc>
<doc id="19433842" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19433842" title="Or-N-More (album)">
Or-N-More (album)

Or-N-More is the self-titled debut album by pop-duo Or-N-More, released on August 26, 1991. The album is currently out of print.

</doc>
<doc id="19433844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19433844" title="Tommy Drake">
Tommy Drake

Cory R. Carey (born August 21, 1979) is an American professional wrestler, better known by his ring name, Tommy Drake. He is best known for his appearances with Pro Wrestling Noah in Japan and various independent promotions in the United States. Drake wrestled dark matches for World Wrestling Entertainment, and made regular appearances on Monday Night Raw and SmackDown.
Career.
Carey grew up in rural Iowa, and began wrestling at age 5. Carey attended Canby High School in Oregon, graduating in 1997 at age seventeen. Working odd jobs after high school, Carey moved to Hayward, California, at the request of Ed "Moondog" Moretti, and attended the All Pro Wrestling (APW) Boot Camp. There he was trained by Michael Modest, Donovan Morgan, and Ric Thompson. He debuted in APW on December 12, 2000 in Vallejo, California as Tommy Blaze, scoring a victory over Kid Chrome.
Soon after his debut Drake began feuding with various APW wrestlers. In 2000, Drake and Donovan Morgan began the training of The Great Khali. Khali lived with Drake in a small apartment in Hayward, until Khali left for Japan and eventually the World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE).
After a falling out with APW, Drake jumped ship to Pro Wrestling Iron, started by Morgan and Mike Modest. Drake became an assistant trainer, and would train PWI's students 
when not in Japan. In 2001 he helped further the training of "Tough Enough" winner John Morrison, who went on to become the ECW Champion.
Drake's first tour of Japan came in 2001. Drake tag teamed with Scorpio and Bison Smith, and faced such opponents as Jun Akiyama, Mitsuharu Misawa, Kenta Kobashi, and Yoshihiro Takayama.
Drake wrestled his last match for WWE on March 27, 2003 in San Jose. He faced Sean O'Haire on SmackDown. Drake was upset with O'Haire after dropping him on his head twice during the match. Drake felt that the companies in the United States were about hiring wrestlers with great looks but lacking talent. Drake did not work for WWE any further.
Pro Wrestling Iron, held its first show on May 31, 2002 in Ukiah, California. PWI negotiated a talent swap agreement with Noah that saw Japanese wrestlers such as Mitsuharu Misawa, Naoya Ogawa, and Takao Ōmori appear on PWI shows. Drake teamed up with Bison Smith to face Danny Dominion and Ace Steel. Drake and Bison scored a victory, with the match lasting for 50 minutes.
In the English dub of the Anime Pani Poni Dash!, Drake is the voice of Lord Cat. Drake also appears in The Super Milk Chan Show as Dr. Eyepatch and as himself in the live action segments of the Americanized version. 
Current Independent & Other Work.
In 2003 Drake moved to Phoenix, Arizona, and began wrestling for Impact Zone Wrestling. Drake wrestles for IZW and AZWO in Arizona from time to time, but has yet to make a full comeback. Drake was the main event in 2006 when he faced TNA Impact star Relic at Wild West Championship Wrestling's inaugural show. The show was held at a boxing sport arena in Phoenix, Arizona. In October 2007 Drake starred in the reality show Casting Call, filming for Big Sky Motion Pictures in New Orleans. The show was set to air in conjunction with writer/director Mars Callahan's movie, Spring Break '83. Drake joined the CWFA in 2010 and is the current World Champion. Drake won the championship in September of 2013, beating The Hawaiian Lion, Graves, and Alexander Hammerstone in a fatal 4 way match. 
References.
1. "Tommy Drake". ImpactZoneWrestling.com Superstars Page. Retrieved on September 26, 2008
2. "Tommy Drake". Hot August Fights. Retrieved on September 26, 2008
3. "Tommy Drake". UlitimateProwrestling.com Retrieved on September 26, 2008
4. "Tommy Drake". WormwoodChronicles.com Retrieved on September 26, 2008
5. "Tommy Drake". WrestlingObserver.com Retrieved on September 26, 2008
6. "Tommy Drake". InTheRotation.com Retrieved on September 26, 2008
7. "Tommy Drake". ProWrestlingFans.com Retrieved on September 26, 2008
8. "Cory Carey". Bigskymotionpictures.com Retrieved on September 24, 2008
9. "Tommy Drake". OnlineWorldOfWrestling.com Retrieved on September 27, 2008
10. "Tommy Drake". 1wrestling.com Retrieved on September 27, 2008

</doc>
<doc id="19433847" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19433847" title="Four Moons of Darkover">
Four Moons of Darkover

Four Moons of Darkover is an anthology of fantasy and science fiction short stories edited by Marion Zimmer Bradley. The stories are set in Bradley's world of Darkover. The book was first published by DAW Books (No. 761) in November, 1988.

</doc>
<doc id="19433867" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19433867" title="Rakke Parish">
Rakke Parish

Rakke Parish () is a rural municipality of Estonia, in Lääne-Viru County. It has a population of 1924 (2006) and an area of 226 km².
Settlements.
Rakke Parish has 1 small borough and 30 villages.
Rakke
Ao - Edru - Emumäe - Jäätma - Kaavere - Kadiküla - Kamariku - Kellamäe - Kitsemetsa - Koila - Koluvere - Kõpsta - Lahu - Lammasküla - Lasinurme - Liigvalla - Mõisamaa - Mäiste - Nõmmküla - Olju - Padaküla - Piibe - Räitsvere - Salla - Sootaguse - Suure-Rakke - Tammiku - Villakvere - Väike-Rakke - Väike-Tammiku.

</doc>
<doc id="19433880" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19433880" title="Steven Brown (judoka)">
Steven Brown (judoka)

Steven Brown is an Australian judoka who represented Australia at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing. He was defeated in the first round, losing his bout 2–0 in the u/66 kg class. He was the u/66 kg Australian Champion in 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="19433892" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19433892" title="Prince Oddone, Duke of Montferrat">
Prince Oddone, Duke of Montferrat

Oddone of Savoy (Oddone Eugenio Maria; 11 July 1846 – 22 January 1866) was an Italian humanist and philanthropist. He was the fourth child and third eldest son of Victor Emmanuel II of Italy and his wife Adelaide of Austria. He was a "Prince of Savoy".
Life.
From birth, Prince Oddone was marginalized due to the precarious state of his health. During his brief life, the prince was occupied with the study of art and the acquisition of artifacts from ancient Greece and Rome for the city of Genoa which remain in the Museum of Ligurian Archaeology (). 
Other pieces Oddone collected and donated are present at Genoa's Gallery of Modern Art which is partly named for the prince. Oddone lived the last four years of his life in Genoa. The prince chose Genoa for his residence for its mild climate that benefited his ailing physical condition.
As a scholar, the prince had come in contact with leading cultural figures including the sculptor Santo Varni, who served as his adviser and friend, Tammar Luxoro, and Pasquale Domenico Cambiaso. Oddone died at the age of 19 at the Royal Palace of Genoa shortly before dawn on 22 January 1866.

</doc>
<doc id="19433900" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19433900" title="1996 Houston Oilers season">
1996 Houston Oilers season

The 1996 Houston Oilers season was the 37th season overall and 27th with the National Football League (NFL) and their final season in Houston. The team bested their previous season's output of 7–9, but failed to qualify for the playoffs for the third consecutive season.
Houston had already established itself as a lame duck franchise; the league had approved the team's relocation to Nashville, Tennessee, although it was not originally scheduled to take place until 1998. With the team having given up on Houston, the city responded in kind: fan support and attendance dropped to negligible levels for the 1996 season, the team's radio network was all but disbanded, and the local broadcasts were being cut off in favor of preseason NBA basketball. The Oilers, unwilling to continue in Houston after such a debacle, quickly moved to Memphis, Tennessee's Liberty Bowl Memorial Stadium in 1997, becoming the Tennessee Oilers (Memphis, too, would reject the "temporary" housing of the Oilers, forcing the team to move to tiny Vanderbilt Stadium in Nashville until the new Nashville stadium was finished).

</doc>
<doc id="19433911" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19433911" title="Blue Enigma Party">
Blue Enigma Party

The Blue Engima Party was a ballot qualified third party in the U.S. state of Delaware. Founded in 2006, they became ballot qualified for the 2008 election placing candidates on the ballot for governor and other state offices.
2008 candidates.
In 2008, the party fielded candidates for Governor, Lieutenant Governor, and in 3 races for State Representative. Party founder Jeffrey Brown was listed as the party's candidate for Governor and for State Representative in district 13. Peter Cullen was the party's candidate for Lieutenant Governor. Stephen Michael Annand was the party's candidate for State Representative in district 19. Daniel D. Rappa, Jr. was the party's candidate for State Representative in district 20.
At some point prior to September 30, 2008, Peter Cullen and Daniel D. Rappa, Jr. withdrew from their respective races.
2010 candidates.
Jeffrey Brown ran for U.S. Congress and State Representative in District 13. In the congressional race he earned 961 votes, or 0.31%. In the legislative race he received 440 votes for 9.2%.
After 2010.
The party's website is no longer active and their Facebook page hasn't been updated since January 2011, so it is unclear if the party remains active.

</doc>
<doc id="19433924" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19433924" title="Patrick Meyer">
Patrick Meyer

Patrick Meyer may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19433927" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19433927" title="2009 World Rowing Championships">
2009 World Rowing Championships

The 38th 2009 World Rowing Championships regatta was held at Lake Malta, Poznań, Poland between August 23 – August 30. 
The annual week long rowing regatta was organized by FISA (the International Rowing Federation), and held at the end of the northern hemisphere summer. In non-Olympic years it is the highlight of the international rowing calendar.

</doc>
<doc id="19433935" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19433935" title="The Story of Maryam">
The Story of Maryam

The Story of Maryam is the first album by Paul Motian to be released on the Italian Soul Note label. It was released in 1984 and features performances by Motian with Bill Frisell and Joe Lovano, along with Ed Schuller and Jim Pepper.
Reception.
The Allmusic review awarded the album 4½ stars.

</doc>
<doc id="19433941" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19433941" title="Nick Salter">
Nick Salter

Nick Salter (born 30 July 1987) is an Australian rules footballer who played for Port Adelaide Football Club in the Australian Football League (AFL).
He was drafted from the Woodville-West Torrens Football Club in the South Australian National Football League (SANFL) with the 15th selection in the 2008 Rookie Draft. He previously played football in country South Australia for North Eastern Football League team South Clare.
In August 2008 he was elevated to Port's senior list, replacing Hugh Minson who had retired. A long kicking forward, he made his debut against St Kilda Football Club, despite playing the Woodville-West Torrens reserves team the previous week. He kicked 2 goals and maintained his place in the side for the following week. He missed the next week with a back injury and did not play in the AFL again until round 16 of the 2009 season, after rupturing a medial knee ligament earlier in the season. when he played five of the last seven games, kicking at least one goal in every game. His contract was extended at the end of the 2009 season. The 2010 season saw him played in defense at AFL level, and up forward at SANFL level. At the end of 2013 he was delisted by Port.

</doc>
<doc id="19433970" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19433970" title="Free company">
Free company

A free company (sometimes called a great company) was a late medieval army of mercenaries acting independently of any government, and thus "free". They regularly made a living by plunder when they were not employed; in France they were the "routiers" and "écorcheurs" who operated outside the highly-structured law of arms. The term "free company" is most applied to those companies of soldiers which formed after the Peace of Brétigny during the Hundred Years' War and were active mainly in France, but it has been applied to other companies, such as the Catalan Grand Company and companies that worked elsewhere, such as in Italy and the Holy Roman Empire.
The free companies, or companies of adventure, have been cited as a factor as strong as plague or famine in the reduction of Siena from a glorious rival of Florence to a second-rate power during the later fourteenth century; Siena spent 291,379 florins between 1342 and 1399 buying off the free companies. The White Company of John Hawkwood, probably the most famous free company, was active in Italy in the latter half of the fourteenth century.

</doc>
<doc id="19433982" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19433982" title="Saul Green">
Saul Green

Saul Green is the former Deputy Mayor of Detroit, Michigan. He was appointed the position by former Mayor, Ken Cockrel, Jr. and was retained as Deputy Mayor by current Mayor Dave Bing.
Green is an attorney who overseen both the Detroit Police and Law Department. A Detroit native and 1965 graduate of Mackenzie High School, Green served as US Attorney for the Eastern District of Michigan (1994–2001). Green served as an attorney for the Detroit firm of Miller, Canfield, Paddock & Stone.

</doc>
<doc id="19433999" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19433999" title="Dance Your Troubles Away">
Dance Your Troubles Away

Dance Your Troubles Away is a 1975 studio album by American funk band Archie Bell & the Drells, released by the record label TSOP Records and recorded at Sigma Sound Studios in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.

</doc>
<doc id="19434007" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19434007" title="Yenikənd, Gadabay">
Yenikənd, Gadabay

Yenikənd, Gadabay may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19434016" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19434016" title="Blue enigma">
Blue enigma

Blue enigma can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19434026" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19434026" title="Adam Anderson (economist)">
Adam Anderson (economist)

Adam Anderson (1692 or 1693 – 10 January 1765) was a Scottish economist. He was a clerk for forty years in South Sea House, the headquarters of the South Sea Company, where he published a work entitled "Historical and Chronological Deduction of the Origin of Commerce from the Earliest Accounts to the Present Time, containing a History of the Great Commercial Interests of the British Empire" (1762, 2 vols. fol.).
Late in his life Anderson traveled to the American colonies, begetting a son, Adam E. Anderson, later noted for being an early settler and planner of the Ohio Territory.

</doc>
<doc id="19434045" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19434045" title="Luigi d'Este">
Luigi d'Este

Luigi d'Este (21 December 1538 – 30 December 1586) was an Italian Catholic cardinal, the second of the five children of Ercole II d'Este, Duke of Modena and Ferrara, and Renée, daughter of Louis XII of France. 
Biography.
Luigi, a member of the House of Este, was born in Ferrara. A man of the world whose personal emblem was Prometheus bearing fire in the stalk of fennel, he was made a Cardinal of the Roman Catholic Church in Pius IV's consistory of 26 February 1561 and served as Cardinal Protector of the kingdom of France, which made him one of the most powerful and influential members of the College of Cardinals; he kept as his secretary Arnaud d'Ossat, a skillful French diplomat who was eventually made a cardinal himself.
He was Bishop of Ferrara (1550) and Apostolic Administrator of Ferrara (1561 – 8 October 1563), deacon of S. Angelo in Pescheria (1577–1583) He participated in the Papal conclave, 1565–1566 but not in the conclave of 1572, as he was absent in France. He played a key role, however, in the Papal conclave, 1585.
Luigi d'Este lived partly in Rome and partly at the Villa d'Este, Tivoli, built for his uncle Ippolito II d'Este. In Rome he rented from the Orsini an agglomeration of "case" at Montegiordano, near Piazza Navona, where he kept in attendance the large "famiglia" or household expected of a man of his birth and position, and a "villa suburbana" on the Quirinal that is now the residence of the President of Italy. Careless of his mounting debts, Cardinal d'Este was the most influential patron of the madrigal composer Luca Marenzio, whom he employed as "maestro di capella" from August 1578 until the time of his death: during the eight-year period, Marco Bizzarini observes, Marenzio published some two-thirds of his copious output. To Cardinal d'Este Marenzio dedicated his "Primo libro de' madrigali a5", 1580, "because of the debt of an infinite number of favours", and books of motets published at Venice were dedicated by Bertoldo Sperindio (1562) and Francesco Portinaro (1568). Cardinal d'Este was a generous patron of scholars, men of letters—like the poet Torquato Tasso, who was taken to Paris in 1565 in the Cardinal's household and dedicated his "Rinaldo" to him but was deemed mentally unstable in 1579 and confined at Ferrara for several years, during which he wrote a number of philosophical dialogues and discourses—and scientists, such as the Neapolitan polymath Giambattista della Porta, whom he invited to join him in Rome in 1579. Among the Cardinal's paintings was Correggio's "Mystic Marriage of Saint Catherine", now in the Louvre.
He died in Rome in 1586. He bequeathed his entire estate to his brother Alfonso II d'Este. Luigi d'Este is buried in the church of S. Maria Maggiore (commonly known as S. Francesco), Tivoli.

</doc>
<doc id="19434078" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19434078" title="Orion (Mika Nakashima song)">
Orion (Mika Nakashima song)

"Orion" is Mika Nakashima's 27th single, released on November 12, 2008. It was the insert song for the Japanese TBS drama, "Ryūsei no Kizuna", in which Mika co-starred. The "B-side" song, "FOCUS", was used for the television commercial of the Canon IXY Digital 920 IS camera. Orion, a lite rock-influenced ballad, has sold over 1.300.000 digital downloads.
The single is certified Gold by RIAJ for shipment for 100,000 copies and triple platinum for cellphone downloads.

</doc>
<doc id="19434102" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19434102" title="Mike Brown (motorcyclist)">
Mike Brown (motorcyclist)

Mike Brown (born May 1, 1972) is an American former AMA motocross national champion.
Brown won his first professional race in 1994. In 1999, he finished third in the F.I.M. 125cc world championship. He followed that performance with another third place in the 2000 125cc world championship.
Brown competed in the United States in 2001 and won the AMA 125cc national championship. In 2006, Brown finished 29th in the AMA MX Lites class and 15th in the MX class, racing for Suzuki. In 2007, he returned to Europe to compete in the MX1-GP championship, finishing in seventh place. In 2011 He competed Mens Moto X Enduro at X Games XVII and won the silver medal. He won gold in the same event at X Games XVIII the following year.
Brown is a playable character in the 2004 motocross video game "".

</doc>
<doc id="19434136" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19434136" title="Rakvere Parish">
Rakvere Parish

Rakvere Parish () is a rural municipality of Estonia, in Lääne-Viru County. It has a population of 2288 (2006) and an area of 127.69 km².
Settlements.
Rakvere Parish has 1 small borough and 19 villages.
Lepna
Arkna, Eesküla, Järni, Karitsa, Karivärava, Karunga, Kloodi, Kullaaru, Kõrgemäe, Lasila, Levala, Mädapea, Paatna, Päide, Taaravainu, Tobia, Tõrma, Tõrremäe, Veltsi.

</doc>
<doc id="19434156" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19434156" title="Herman Simm">
Herman Simm

Herman Simm (born May 29, 1947 in Suure-Jaani) is a former chief of the Estonian Defence Ministry's security department and convicted Russian spy.
The Simm case became the first one since the restoration of Estonia's independence in 1991 in which an actual agent was identified, tried and convicted of treason.
Professional career and espionage.
Herman Simm had previously held various positions at the Interior Ministry and the Police Board, including director general of the board, when he started work for the Defence Ministry in 1995 as head of the information analysis office of the defence policy department. In 2001, he was appointed head of the newly formed state secret protection department. As head of the Defence Ministry Security Department, Simm was tasked with coordinating the protection of state secrets. The department is also responsible for issuing access to classified information and for handling data from international organizations, including NATO, the European Union and Estonia’s other defence partners. He also took part in the devising of EU and NATO information protection systems.
On September 21, 2008, Simm was arrested with his wife Heete Simm on suspicion of illegal collecting and communicating classified information to an unidentified foreign government. 
It is believed that damage caused by Herman Simm was not limited to the security of Estonia. In 2001–2006, Simm regularly traveled abroad to negotiate agreements on the protection of classified information with member countries of NATO and the European Union. Herman Simm also participated in the development of intelligence security with NATO and the EU, where he invited other states to check their security systems. In June 2003, he was issued a diplomatic passport, provided to carriers transporting classified information. In November 2006, Herman Simm resigned from the post of head of the state secret protection department, but continued to work as adviser of the Minister of Defence, retaining access to classified information.
Investigation and conviction.
The criminal case was processed by Estonia's Public Prosecutor’s Office and by the Security Police Board who co-operate with the Information Board and with the Ministry of Defence. (According to the Penal Code, treason is punishable by imprisonment of three to fifteen years.) 
On 6 November 2008, the Estonian State Prosecutor's Office released some materials of the investigation, according to which Simm's handler may have been an officer of Russia's Foreign Intelligence Service (SVR) who had been using a false identity of an EU citizen.
On February 25, 2009, Simm pleaded guilty to treason and was sentenced to twelve and a half years imprisonment and the payment of EEK 20,155,000 (€1.288M) in damages.
The Harju County Court did not specify which country Simm had handed the secrets to; but chief prosecutor Norman Aas said that Simm had "collected and forwarded classified Estonian and NATO information" to Russia's foreign intelligence service from 1995 until his arrest in 2008. Aas also said, "He passed on personal information on some Estonian individuals, something that may damage Estonia's interests."
It has been unofficially claimed that Estonia had been tipped off by another country.
Bankruptcy.
On March 23, 2009, Simm filed for personal bankruptcy. Simm has estimated the total value of his liquid assets at 5.4 million EEK (approx €340,000), but the Ministry of Defence, (upheld by the courts), claimed the total to be 21.6 million EEK, and Simm owes 2.1 million EEK to an unnamed bank. The court assigned Ly Müürsoo as Simm's temporary receiver and set the date of bankruptcy hearing to 17 April 2009. Meanwhile, Simm has been prohibited to realise any of his assets without a permission from the receiver.
Simm's bankruptcy proceedings are complicated by lack of a prenuptial agreement between Herman Simm and his wife Heete Simm.
On 23 April 2009, Harju maakohus granted Simm's bankruptcy application, and declared Simm bankrupt.
Political ramifications.
On April 29, 2009, Nato ordered the expulsion of two Russian diplomats in what The Financial Times saw as retaliation for the Simm spy scandal. One of the expelled Russians was the son of Vladimir Chizhov, Moscow’s ambassador to the European Union; both he and the other diplomat were attached to Russia’s mission to Nato and were believed to have worked undercover as intelligence agents.

</doc>
<doc id="19434163" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19434163" title="2010 World Rowing Championships">
2010 World Rowing Championships

The 39th 2010 World Rowing Championships were held at Lake Karapiro, near Cambridge, New Zealand between October 29 – November 7. The annual week-long rowing regatta was organised by FISA (the International Rowing Federation). Usually held at the end of the northern hemisphere summer, they were held later in the year in the southern hemisphere. In non-Olympic years the regatta is the highlight of the international rowing calendar.
The World Rowing Championships were previously held at Lake Karapiro in 1978. Rowing's international body said Lake Karapiro's 2010 World Rowing Championships raised the bar for the rest of the world and more international events would be held there.
The 2010 World Rowing Championships turned out to be one of the most impressive championships ever. Of the 161 races at the championships, Robert Treharne Jones, FISA commentator (GBR). commentated 88 of them, “by far my favourite race was the men’s pair. It was an awesome race and it was all that it was billed to be and more. Although it was a six boat final it was really one on one between New Zealand and Great Britain and to have them so close all the way. The crowd were literally on their feet. The event was great from every point of view. I can’t fault it. The organisers worked very hard to get everything right.”
It was predicted that it would take at least 70,000 people to make back the £16m price tag 66,000 attended. The event lost $2.2m and a report by SPARC (Sport And Recreation New Zealand, rebranded as Sport New Zealand on 1 February 2012) found that a lack of clarity around roles and responsibilities of the Karapiro 2010 Board was a factor, alongside others mostly relating to shortcomings in governance, inadequate financial management, and less revenue than expected from ticket sales.
SPARC Chief Executive Peter Miskimmin said the review was a stark reminder for everyone involved in hosting major events in New Zealand, including the Government agencies which invest in them. “The Karapiro 2010 Board was committed to putting on a world-class event, and they achieved that. Operationally the event was a huge success." Miskimmin said, adding that the findings of the SPARC review would be used to develop additional good practice guidelines for those running future major events.
With the roaring success of the world championships behind them, Rowing New Zealand are eager to make further use of their world-class facility at Lake Karapiro.
To interpret abbreviations in medals tables see Glossary of rowing terms. FISA publishes results online.

</doc>
<doc id="19434198" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19434198" title="Cry Wolf (album)">
Cry Wolf (album)

First album by glam rock band Cry Wolf. Released only in Japan.

</doc>
<doc id="19434229" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19434229" title="Jim Stephenson">
Jim Stephenson

Jim Stephenson is a former footballer who played as a goalkeeper. He represented New Zealand at international level.
Stephenson made his full All Whites debut in a 0-2 loss to New Caledonia on 10 September 1951 and ended his international playing career with 10 A-international caps to his credit, his final cap an appearance in a 2-2 draw with Tahiti on 21 September 1952.
Stephenson appeared in six Chatham Cup finals for Northern between 1949 and 1962, gaining winners medals on his fourth and fifth attempts in 1959 and 1961.

</doc>
<doc id="19434253" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19434253" title="Jennifer Moss (activist)">
Jennifer Moss (activist)

Jennifer (Jen) Moss a.k.a. "Gennifer (Gen) Moss", "Bush Lady", "Ojai's 'Pastie Lady'" and "Ashland's Naked Lady" (born May 29, 1975) is a peace, sustainable living, social nudity and topfreedom activist living in Oregon who is best known for inline skating and cycling naked.
She has also used her attention to promote the work of Masaru Emoto.
Biography.
Moss was born and raised in Albany, Oregon. She moved to Portland in 1996, then moved South in 1999 to Venice Beach, Santa Barbara in 2003, and Ojai, California in 2007. She has also gone naked in Portland, Oregon.
In 2010, she started following the guidance of elders, which changed her outlook on life. She moved to Sedona, Arizona where she enjoyed yoga, meditation and hiking. Then, in 2012 she moved back to Oregon and now works as an Early Childhood Educator mentoring children from the ages of 2 and 1/2 years old to 12 years old, teaching them organic gardening, art, yoga, athletics, time management, and social responsibility.
Media and press coverage.
Jennifer Moss gained most media attention in 2008 for her continuous acts of simple public nudity. When she was stopped by the police in Portland, Fox News contrasted the open freedom enjoyed by social groups of nudist cyclists to the constant harassment Ms Moss experienced from the police when riding naked just by herself. In their defense the police stated that Moss had not been arrested but had been asked to, 'tone it down.'
At other times Moss has been arrested for her public nudity. She was arrested twice in Ojai in 2008, however the district attorney's office failed to prosecute her, deciding that the cases would be too difficult to win. Ojai's police chief suggested there were constitutional issues involved with regards to why a man can walk about topless but a woman can't.
Her social nudity has resulted in the town of Ashland, Oregon banning topless events. On the subject of public naked breasts Moss has said, '"Nudity is natural, but a lot of people are uncomfortable with it. It's OK for children to play video games where they are killing each other, and it's patriotic to murder people in a war. But women's breasts in public? You better watch out!' Moss has compromised to the town council's ruling to cover up for the Fourth of July parade.

</doc>
<doc id="19434264" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19434264" title="Belkacem Khadir">
Belkacem Khadir

Belkacem Khadir (born June 14, 1981 in Tizi Ouzou) is an Algerian footballer who currently plays for the Slovak 4. liga club FK Junior Kanianka. He previously played for MFK Topoľčany in the 3. liga.
Career.
Khadir began his career in his hometown club of JS Kabylie. After progressing through the junior ranks of the club, he joined JSM Tiaret in the Algerian Second Division. In the summer of 2006, he joined capital side CR Belouizdad in the top flight but left in the winter transfer window to join second division side MC El Eulma. In the summer of 2007 he signed with ASM Oran, scoring 13 goals in the 2007-2008 season.
In the summer of 2008, Khadir signed with Slovakian side MFK Topolcany. After just a few games with the club Khadir has already been linked with a move to MŠK Žilina.

</doc>
<doc id="19434285" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19434285" title="Jennifer Moss">
Jennifer Moss

Jennifer Moss may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19434289" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19434289" title="Köhnəkənd">
Köhnəkənd

Köhnəkənd or Kyohnak’end or Këgnakend or Këkhnekend may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19434307" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19434307" title="2011 World Rowing Championships">
2011 World Rowing Championships

The 2011 World Rowing Championships, the 40th edition of the World Rowing Championships, were held at Lake Bled, Bled, Slovenia between August 28 and September 4, 2011.
The annual week-long rowing regatta is organized by FISA (the International Rowing Federation), and held at the end of the northern hemisphere summer. In non-Olympic years the regatta is the highlight of the international rowing calendar, and in the year prior to the Olympics it is the main qualification event for the following year's Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="19434312" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19434312" title="Saint Joseph's Oratory (Green Bay, Wisconsin)">
Saint Joseph's Oratory (Green Bay, Wisconsin)

Saint Joseph's Oratory is a Roman Catholic oratory located in Green Bay, Brown County, Wisconsin, United States, in the Roman Catholic Diocese of Green Bay. The oratory is under the care of the Institute of Christ the King Sovereign Priest. It current rector is Fr. Denis Buchholz, who replaced Fr. Jean-Marie Moreau in September 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19434313" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19434313" title="This Week in Photography">
This Week in Photography

This Week in Photography (TWiP) is a weekly photography podcast. TWiP recorded its first show at the MacWorld Expo in 2008 launching on January 28, 2008, and is consistently ranked as the #1 photography podcast on iTunes. The show is co-hosted by Frederick Van Johnson and Alex Lindsay with contributors Scott Bourne, Ron Brinkmann, Frederick Johnson, and Steve Simon. In addition to the contributors, the show features regular guest contributors including photographers Nicole Young, and Sara France. Scott Bourne previously co-hosted with Lindsay but recently has handed over that spot to Johnson, who previously had been a contributor to the show. The show is produced by Aaron Mahler, who also frequently appears as a guest on the show. The official website of TWiP is http://www.twiplog.com The podcast is available either through iTunes, Zune Marketplace (Podcasts) or at http://www.pixelcorps.tv
This Week in Photography is the most popular photography podcast listed on iTunes. It has never been out of the top 100 Tech Podcast list and has been as high as number seven on the Overall List, six spots behind Oprah.
The show has more than 200,000 listeners every month and the old twipphoto.com blog delivered more than one million page views each month.
On April 6, 2009 http://www.twipphoto.com was rebranded http://www.photofocus.com and TWiP got a new home over at http://www.twiplog.com
Guy Kawasaki's alltop.com has recognized the old twipphoto.com as a top photography blog, whilst Technorati lists it in the coveted top 10,000 blogs.
More than 10,000 photographers follow TWiP on Flickr and Twitter.

</doc>
<doc id="19434319" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19434319" title="Crunch (Cry Wolf album)">
Crunch (Cry Wolf album)

Second album released by the glam rock band Cry Wolf

</doc>
<doc id="19434325" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19434325" title="Ben Judd (producer)">
Ben Judd (producer)

Ben Judd (born October 25, 1974 in Centerville, Ohio) is the Director of Business Development at Digital Development Management (DDM) Agency (the world's leading business and talent agency for video games) acting as head of DDM Japan. Ben was formerly head of globalization for Capcom Japan, where he was a video game producer, and former translator/voice actor for the same company. He is also given much recognition for being a major keystone in the revival of the Bionic Commando franchise, a classic video game franchise known for its unique swinging mechanics and lack of a jump button.
Judd has contributed his voice to various roles for Capcom, including the English voice of Phoenix Wright in the Ace Attorney series.
During the later half of 2008, he made several appearances in Sweden overlooking the production of the 3D Sequel to Bionic Commando. He was also one of many regulars on the Top Secret: Bionic Commando Podcast. At the Tokyo Game Show 2008, he allowed himself to be interviewed while sporting only a white bathrobe. Ben Judd himself has stated that he has some skills in GoGo Dancing.
His first released title as a producer, , reportedly sold over 130,000 digitally distributed copies across 3 platforms (Xbox 360, PlayStation 3 and PC) during the launch week. However, his big budget follow-up Bionic Commando for Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3 (20 million USD according to the development studio's CEO), was a major financial flop, selling only 27k in the first month.
During his less known years, Judd has worked on the translation staff and localization teams of Dead Rising, and as far back as the original Viewtiful Joe and P.N.03. His other voice actor work include in the English version of , God Hand and Resident Evil Outbreak.

</doc>
<doc id="19434340" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19434340" title="2012 World Rowing Championships">
2012 World Rowing Championships

The 2012 World Rowing Championships were held at Plovdiv, Bulgaria between August 15 – August 19 in conjunction with the World Junior Rowing Championships 
The annual week long rowing regatta is organized by FISA (the International Rowing Federation), and held at the end of the northern hemisphere summer. 
Because the 2012 Summer Olympics will be the major rowing event in 2012, the programme will be limited to non-Olympic events, and the World Rowing Junior Championships will be held at the same time.

</doc>
<doc id="19434343" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19434343" title="Jessica Adamson">
Jessica Adamson

Jessica Adamson is an Australian journalist. Adamson is senior reporter and occasional presenter with "Seven News" in Adelaide. 
She is Seven's crime reporter but also acts as foreign correspondent at times, covering the Asian Tsunami and also the Olympic games in Sydney, Athens and Beijing.
Jessica has two twin boys. She often reads the news over summer.

</doc>
<doc id="19434365" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19434365" title="Silver Case">
Silver Case

Silver Case is a multi-awarded independent feature film, produced and directed by Christian Filippella, starring Oscar Nominees actors Eric Roberts and Seymour Cassel, Brian Keith Gamble, Chris Facey, Vincent De Paul (actor), Shalim Ortiz, Claire Falconer, Kelvin Han Yee, Brad Light, Art Hsu, Stanely B. Herman, and Fernanda Romero.
Silver Case premiered at the Rome Film Festival and has received many awards worldwide. The film also won 5 Indie Awards at the Indie Fest, best feature and best director at the LA Film & TV Festival and the Spirit of Independent Award at the 26th Fort Lauderdale International Film Festival. 
The film was shot at various locations in California and Italy. 

</doc>
<doc id="19434377" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19434377" title="Metocurine">
Metocurine

Metocurine is a muscle relaxant through neuromuscular blockade.
It is excreted entirely through the kidneys and therefore should not be used in patients with renal failure.

</doc>
<doc id="19434382" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19434382" title="Chester Hill High School">
Chester Hill High School

Chester Hill High School is a high school located in Chester Hill, New South Wales, Australia. It caters for students from years 7 to 12. Classes began on 4 February 1962 with 325 students. The school was officially opened on 1 March 1965 by Jack Renshaw, the Premier of New South Wales. The principal is Brian Miller.
In 2003, Chester Hill was one of eight schools in New South Wales recognized with a Cohesive Community School Award special commendation by the New South Wales Department of Education and Training, for "promoting a cohesive community and in making a significant difference to social harmony and unity."
Sports and traditions.
In recognition of the varied cultures of its students, the school has held an annual multicultural flag ceremony and concert since 1997. The event in 2005 was attended by students from 68 countries, and New South Wales Governor Marie Bashir addressed the students. 2008's ceremony had 300 students participating and was featured on local television.
Intensive English Centre.
Chester Hill High School features an Intensive English Centre (IEC). The program has been cited by the advocacy group ChilOut as an example of a superior educational alternative for children living in Australian immigration detention centres (IDC). The IEC has educated several refugees and asylum-seekers since its inception in 1978.
Facilities.
In 2005, the state spent A$280,000 to upgrade the science laboratories at the school.
Security.
In 2002, gang-related violence increased around Chester Hill and other schools in New South Wales. After a Chester Hill High student was shot, the school was one of eight high schools to accept intervention by police and education officials. In an effort to reduce the risk of gang-related violence, Chester Hill made significant security upgrades, installing security fences, in October 1999, and cameras around the school. Despite this, Molotov cocktails were found on the roof of a classroom in June 2008. In 2002 the then New South Wales Opposition leader John Brogden called it a school "in critical need of a full-time police presence."
On June 2, 2009, Daily Telegraph reported bullying in Chester Hill High School, obtaining two videos recorded on mobile phones which depicted students being gangbashed by bullies.

</doc>
<doc id="19434411" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19434411" title="Pedro Tragter">
Pedro Tragter

Pedro Tragter (born July 10, 1968 in Epse) is a Dutch former F.I.M. motocross world champion.
Tragter was one of the top competitors in the 125cc motocross world championships in the late 1980s and early 1990s. He finished third in the 125 world championship in 1988, 1991, 1992 and 1994. In 1993, Tragter won the 125 world championship while riding for Suzuki. He was also successful in motorcycle enduro, competing for the Dutch team in the International Six Days Enduro in 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="19434417" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19434417" title="Australian cricket team in 2008–09">
Australian cricket team in 2008–09

This article contains information, results and statistics regarding the Australian national cricket team in the 2008-09 cricket season. Statisticians class the 2008-09 season as those matches played on tours that started between September 2008 and April 2009.
Player contracts.
The 2008-09 list was announced on 9 April 2008. Note that uncontracted players still are available for selection for the national cricket team.
Match summary.
M = Matches Played, W = Won, L = Lost, D = Drawn, T = Tied, NR = No Result * = Not all games played yet
Series Summary
Champions Trophy.
Australia were due to play in the 2008 ICC Champions Trophy in Pakistan between 12 September and 28 September, however due to security concerns from several nations, the tournament was postponed until October 2009.
Tour of India.
Australia arrived in India in September for a 4 Test series against the Indian cricket team. A tour match in late September starts the tour and it concludes after the final Test in November.
Test series.
First Test.
Australian XI: Matthew Hayden, Simon Katich, Ricky Ponting (c), Michael Hussey, Michael Clarke, Shane Watson, Brad Haddin (wk), Cameron White, Brett Lee, Mitchell Johnson, Stuart Clark 
Test debut: Cameron White
4th Test.
India won the series 2-0-2
New Zealand in Australia (First Leg).
Test series.
The first leg comprises two Test match series.
Second Test: 28 November-2 December, Adelaide.
Australia won the series 2-0-0. 
New Zealand then goes home for a series against the West Indies and Australia will host the South African team. New Zealand returns to Australia on 29 January 2009 for the second leg.
South Africa in Australia.
South Africa arrived in Australia for a 3 Tests, 2 Twenty20's and 5 ODI's against the Australian cricket team.
Test series.
Third Test.
South Africa won the series 2-1-0
Twenty20 Series.
1st Twenty20.
Australia won the toss and elected to bat.
2nd Twenty20.
South Africa won the toss and elected to bat.
Australia won the series 2-0-0
ODI Series.
1st ODI.
Australia won the toss and elected to bat.
2nd ODI.
South Africa won the toss and elected to field.
5th ODI.
South Africa won the series 4-1-0
New Zealand in Australia (Second Leg).
New Zealand returns for the second leg, consisting of a tour match against the Prime Minister's XI, five One Day Internationals (ODIs) against Australia and a Twenty20 International also against Australia.
ODI Series.
5th ODI.
Match was a washout

</doc>
<doc id="19434435" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19434435" title="Jack of Clubs (album)">
Jack of Clubs (album)

Jack of Clubs is the second album by Paul Motian to be released on the Italian Soul Note label. It was released in 1985 and features performances by Motian with Bill Frisell and Joe Lovano, along with Ed Schuller and Jim Pepper.
Reception.
The Allmusic Review by Scott Yanow states "The drummer's seven originals feature lots of variety in moods, ranging from witty to introspective and showcasing the colorful players at their best".

</doc>
<doc id="19434438" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19434438" title="Köhnəqışlaq">
Köhnəqışlaq

Köhnəqışlaq or Këgnakyshlak may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19434441" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19434441" title="KCPI">
KCPI

KCPI (94.9 FM, "94.9 The Breeze") is a radio station broadcasting an adult contemporary format. Licensed to Albert Lea, Minnesota, USA, the station serves the Albert Lea-Austin area. The station is currently owned by Three Eagles Communications.
External links.
<br clear=all>

</doc>
<doc id="19434444" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19434444" title="List of number-one Billboard Top Latin Albums of 2005">
List of number-one Billboard Top Latin Albums of 2005

The "Billboard" Top Latin albums chart, published in "Billboard" magazine, is a record chart that features Latin music sales information. This data are compiled by Nielsen SoundScan from a sample that includes music stores, music departments at electronics and department stores, Internet sales (both physical and digital) and verifiable sales from concert venues in the United States.
There were nine number-one albums in 2005, including "Barrio Fino" by Daddy Yankee, which peaked at the top of the chart for 25 weeks, sold nearly 900,000 copies in the United States, reached number 26 on "Billboard" 200, was named Reggaeton Album of the Year at the 2005 Billboard Latin Music Awards, and won a Latin Grammy Award for Best Urban Music Album. Another recording by Daddy Yankee entitled "Barrio Fino en Directo" was released on December 7, 2004 and reached the first spot on the chart. The album contains live tracks and five new songs, including the Hot Latin Tracks number-one single "Rompe". RBD, Don Omar, K-Paz de la Sierra, Grupo Montéz de Durango and Wisin & Yandel peaked at number one for the first time in their careers. "Cautivo", the 12th studio album by Puertorican performer Chayanne became his third number-one set on this list.
"Fijación Oral Vol. 1" by Colombian singer-songwriter Shakira spent 17 weeks at number one on the chart. Despite a ban by retail chain Ritmo Latino, the album had the largest sales week for a Spanish-language album since Nielsen SoundScan began tracking in 1991, with 157,000 copies sold, which led to a first-ever debut by a Latin album at number four on "Billboard" 200, surpassing Ricky Martin's "Almas del Silencio", which was the previous record holder with 65,000 units in 2003. This album won five Latin Grammy Awards, including Album of the Year, and also received the Grammy Award for Best Latin Rock/Alternative Album.

</doc>
<doc id="19434467" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19434467" title="KATE">
KATE

KATE (1450 AM) is a radio station broadcasting a news/talk format. Licensed to Albert Lea, Minnesota, USA, the station serves the Albert Lea-Austin area. The station is currently owned by Three Eagles Communications.
External links.
<br clear=all>

</doc>
<doc id="19434473" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19434473" title="Hacıalılar">
Hacıalılar

Hacıalılar may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19434477" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19434477" title="Mike More">
Mike More

Mike More (born Michael David Munves, January 5, 1966, New York) is an American musician, songwriter, and record producer.
Early life.
Mike More's mother died in a car accident when he was young. She was hit by a drunk driver and More inherited a large sum of money, which he used to build a recording studio. He attended the High School of the Performing Arts for music (Class of 1984), and met his musical partner, Orfeh, there. Their first recording endeavor was with CBS Records as the group Genevha (sic). They released a two song vinyl, "Life in the Movies", in 1987. His credits on the album were under the pseudonym of Amadayus Billionaire. After that project, they formed Or-N-More, and signed with EMI Records, where they experienced mild success. Their self-titled debut album went gold, and the single, "Everyotherday", became a hit stateside and abroad. However, after a hierarchy change at EMI, they were dropped from the label.
Career.
After his short-lived recording career ended, More continued to write and produce music for other artists. Some of the artists he has written and produced music for include:
Most recently, he founded the web-based media distribution company, Nabbr. He also founded his own music production and publishing company Mike More Media. He is also a voting member of the Producers & Engineers wing of NARAS.
Personal life.
Mike married Bani Azari on September 12, 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19434500" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19434500" title="KQPR">
KQPR

KQPR (96.1 FM, "Power 96") is a radio station broadcasting a classic rock format. Licensed to Albert Lea, Minnesota, USA, the station serves the Albert Lea-Austin area. The station is currently owned by Hometown Broadcasting.
External links.
<br clear=all>

</doc>
<doc id="19434540" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19434540" title="Moanda Airport">
Moanda Airport

Moanda Airport is an airport serving Moanda, a town in the Haut-Ogooué Province in Gabon.
Facilities.
The airport resides at an elevation of above mean sea level and has one runway which is long.

</doc>
<doc id="19434541" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19434541" title="Qurudərə">
Qurudərə

Qurudərə or Kurudere is a Turkic word meaning "dry creek" and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19434546" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19434546" title="Oahuan">
Oahuan

Oahuan may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19434551" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19434551" title="Amebocyte">
Amebocyte

An amebocyte or amoebocyte () is a mobile cell (moving like an amoeba) in the body of invertebrates such as echinoderms, mollusks or sponges. They move by pseudopodia. Similarly to some of the white blood cells of vertebrates, in many species amebocytes are found in the blood or body fluid and play a role in the defense of the organism against pathogens. Depending on the species, it may also digest and distribute food, dispose of wastes, form skeletal fibers, fight infections, and change into other cell types. Also known as explosive cells.
Limulus amebocyte lysate, an aequous extract of amebocytes from the horseshoe crab ("Limulus polyphemus"), is commonly used in a test to detect bacterial endotoxins.
In sponges, amebocytes or archaeocytes are cells found in the mesohyl that can transform into any of the animal's more specialized cell types.
In old literature, the term "amebocyte" is sometimes used as a synonym of "phagocyte".

</doc>
<doc id="19434554" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19434554" title="David Strijbos">
David Strijbos

Dave Strijbos (born 8 November 1967, Venlo) is a Dutch former motocross F.I.M. world champion.
Biography.
Strijbos was one of the top competitors in the 125cc motocross world championships in the late 1980s and early 1990s. He finished second in the 125 world championship in 1985, 1987, 1988 and 1992. In 1986, Strijbos won the 125 world championship while riding for Cagiva.

</doc>
<doc id="19434567" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19434567" title="Prime Minister's Literary Awards">
Prime Minister's Literary Awards

The Australian Prime Minister's Literary Awards (PMLA) were announced at the end of 2007 by the incoming First Rudd Ministry following the 2007 election. They are administered by the Minister for the Arts.
The awards were designed as "a new initiative celebrating the contribution of Australian literature to the nation's cultural and intellectual life." The awards are held annually and initially provided a tax-free prize of A$100,000 in each category, making it Australia's richest literary award in total. In 2011, the prizemoney was split into $80,000 for each category winner and $5,000 for up to four short-listed entries. The award was initially given in four categories – fiction, non-fiction, young adult and children's fiction – as selected by three judging panels. In 2012, a poetry was added and the former Prime Minister's Prize for Australian History was incorporated into this award. "The awards are open to works written by Australian citizens and permanent residents. Authors, publishers and literary agents are eligible to enter works, first published in the calendar year prior to the awards."
2008 awards.
2008 panels.
For the inaugural 2008 awards, six Australians were appointed by the Minister for the Environment, Heritage and the Arts to the judging panels: three each for the fiction and non-fiction awards.
2008 shortlist and winners.
The final decisions on the shortlist and winners for the awards was made by Prime Minister (Kevin Rudd) based on the judging panels’ recommendations. The following entries, out of more than 170 received, were selected for the shortlist:
2009 awards.
2009 panels.
On 15 May 2009 the panels for the 2009 awards were announced.
2009 shortlist and winners.
The 2009 shortlist from more than 250 entries was announced on Friday 18 September 2009 in Melbourne. The winners were announced on 2 November 2009. Two works shared the non-fiction award.
2010 awards.
On 30 March 2010 two new award categories were announced: "young adults' fiction" and "children's fiction". The prize for both new awards was also $100,000; its entries were judged by one judging panel.
2010 panels.
On 14 May 2010 the panels for the 2010 awards were announced.
2010 shortlist and winners.
From over 330 entries, the 2010 shortlist of 29 titles was announced on 15 July 2010. The winners were announced on 8 November 2010.
2011 awards.
Entries for the 2011 awards opened in January 2011 and an annual timetable was implemented: the shortlist was announced in late May and winners in early July. The awards were restructured to provide greater recognition for shortlisted authors. In each category, the winning book was awarded $80,000; $5,000 was awarded to up to four shortlisted titles. The eligibility criteria were extended to include e-books, and wordless picture books were eligible in the children's fiction category. The panellists from 2010 were returned for 2011.
2011 shortlist and winners.
From 379 entries, the 2011 shortlist of 20 titles was announced on 26 May 2011. The winners, listed below in bold type, were announced on 8 July 2011.
2012 awards.
The 2012 awards were launched in early December 2011; entries closed on 1 February 2012. A new award for poetry was announced and the Prize for Australian History was incorporated. The winners, listed below in bold type, were announced on 23 July 2012.
2012 panels.
The panels for the 2012 awards consist of:
2012 shortlist and winners.
From 509 entries, the 2012 shortlist of 25 titles was announced on 20 March 2012.
2013 awards.
The 2013 awards were launched in late 2012; entries closed on 17 January 2013.
2013 panels.
The panels for the 2013 awards consist of:
2013 shortlist and winners.
The 2013 shortlist of 29 titles was announced on 17 June 2013. The winners, listed below in bold type, were announced on 15 August 2013 at the State Library of Queensland.

</doc>
<doc id="19434571" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19434571" title="Genevha">
Genevha

Genevha is an American pop group.
Disbandment and current projects.
Genevha never released anything after the "Life in the Movies" 12" vinyl. Members of the group, Orfeh, and Amadayus Billionaire a.k.a. Mike More went on to form Or-N-More. Following that, Orfeh became a Broadway performer, and released her own solo album, "What Do You Want From Me". Mike More continued to write music for groups including Nobody's Angel and Dakota Moon. He is also the founder and CEO of Nabbr, a web-based media distribution company. He also contributed songs to Orfeh's solo release.

</doc>
<doc id="19434594" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19434594" title="René Dagron">
René Dagron

René Prudent Patrice Dagron (17 March 1819 – 13 June 1900) was a French photographer and inventor. He was born in Aillières-Beauvoir, Sarthe, France.
On 21 June 1859, Dagron was granted the first microfilm patent in history. He grew up in rural France but he left for Paris at an early age. In Paris he distinguished himself in the study of Physics and Chemistry. As a chemistry student Dagron became interested in Daguerrotypes when the process of producing them was announced on 19 August 1839. After graduation, Dagron established a photographic portrait studio in Paris. While in Paris Dagron became familiar with the collodion wet plate and collodio-albumen dry plate processes which he would later adapt to his microfilm techniques. Dagron is also considered the inventor of the miniature photographic jewels () known as Stanhopes because a modified Stanhope lens is used to view the microscopic picture attached to the lens.
History.
In 1857 John Benjamin Dancer's microfilms were exhibited in Paris for the first time and Dagron immediately saw their potential. He used the concept of microphotography to produce simple microfilm viewers which he would later manufacture and incorporate into novelties and souvenir products as well as other applications. Soon after that, Dagron encountered problems with imitators and people infringing on his patents. On 21 June 1859, Dagron was granted the first microfilm patent in history and in the same year he introduced his photographic miniature Stanhope toys and jewels during the International Exhibition in Paris. 
In 1862, Dagron exhibited his miniature Stanhope viewers during London's International Fair. In the London Fair he received an honourable mention and presented a set of microfilms to Queen Victoria. The same year Dagron published his book: "Cylindres photo-microscopiques montes et non-montes sur bijoux, brevetes en France et a l'etranger". Translated as: "Photomicroscopic cylinders mounted and non-mounted on jewels: Patents in France and abroad". In 1864 Dagron published the 36 page booklet "Traite de Photographie Microscopique" in which he described in great detail the process he invented in producing microfilm positives from normal size negatives. The microfilm industry is considered to have been created by him, starting in 1859 when he obtained his patent. 
During the Siege of Paris (1870–1871) by the Prussian armies Dagron assisted his country by providing a novel way of communication with the free areas outside of the capital. He sent carrier pigeons with messages in microfilms across German lines. This was the first important application of microfilm.
During the siege of Paris, Dagron proposed to the authorities to use his microfilming process to carry the messages by carrier pigeons. Rampont, the man in charge of the carrier pigeon program, agreed and a contract was signed on 11 November. According to the contract Dagron was to be paid 15 francs per 1000 characters photographed. A clause in the contract, signed by an official named Picard, gave Dagron the title of "chief of the photomicroscopic correspondence postal service" mentioning in French: "M. Dagron a le titre de chef de service des correspondences postales photomicroscopiques. Il relève directement du Directeur Général des Postes," which translates as "Mr. Dagron has the title of the chief of the photomicroscopic correspondence postal service. He reports directly to the Director General of the Post Office."
After a period of difficulties and through hardships brought on by the war and the lack of equipment, Dagron finally achieved a photographic reduction of more than 40 diameters. The microfilms so produced weighed approximately 0.05 grams each and a pigeon was able to carry up to 20 at a time. Up to that point a page of a message could be copied in a microfilm approximately measuring 37 mm by 23 mm but Dagron was able to reduce this to a size of approximately 11 mm by 6 mm which was a significant reduction in the area of the microphotograph.
Dagron photographed pages of newspapers in their entirety which he then converted into miniature photographs. He subsequently removed the collodion film from the glass base and rolled it tightly into a cylindrical shape which he then inserted into miniature tubes that were transported fastened on the wings of pigeons. Upon receipt the microphotograph was reattached to a glass frame and was then projected by magic lantern on the wall. The message contained in the microfilm could then be transcribed or copied. By 28 January 1871, when Paris and the Government of National Defense surrendered, Dagron had delivered 115,000 messages to Paris by carrier pigeon.

</doc>
<doc id="19434654" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19434654" title="Günəşli, Gadabay">
Günəşli, Gadabay

Günəşli (until 2004, Şurakənd and Shurakend) is a village in the Gadabay Rayon of Azerbaijan. The village forms part of the municipality of Dəyəqarabulaq.

</doc>
<doc id="19434663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19434663" title="Şahdağ">
Şahdağ

Şahdağ (until 2004, Şurakənd and Shurakend) is a village and municipality in the Gadabay Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 2,200. The municipality consists of the villages of Şahdağ and Arabaçı.

</doc>
<doc id="19434674" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19434674" title="Şurakənd, Gadabay">
Şurakənd, Gadabay

Şurakənd, Gadabay may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19434685" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19434685" title="Bohemond of Astarac">
Bohemond of Astarac

Bohemond or Boamund (died in or after 1176) was the Count of Astarac from as early as 1153 until his death. His unusual name probably derives from the counts of Pardiac
Bohemond was the second son of Bernard I of Astarac and the eldest by his second wife, Longuebrune. Sometime before May 1141 he and his elder brother, Sancho II, helped their father restore the town of Simorre after it was devastated by a fire. Bohemond succeeded either his brother or his nephew, Bernard II, by 1153. In that year he went to war with Bernard de Marestaing, who was bribed by Longuebrune, by then prioress of Bolauc, not to burn Simorre. In 1154 Bohemond had to borrow money from his mother in order to bribe Géraud d'Esparbès, the abbot of Saramon whom he had expelled, from plundering Astarac. 
Bohemond married Rouge ("Rubea") de Marsan, daughter of Peter I and Beatrice III of Bigorre. The couple donated property to the abbot of Berdoues in 1172, at which point they already had three children, all daughters: Mary, Marquese ("Marchesia"), and Bonnefemme ("Bonefemina"). In March 1174 Bohemond approved the sale the castle of Lamaguère by its lord, Guillaume, to Géraud de la Barthe, Archbishop of Auch. In 1175, in his final recorded act, Bohemond again donated property, this time property previously sold by his father and brother, to Berdoues. Bohemond's eldest daughter predeceased him and he was succeeded by Marquese. His youngest daughter, Beatrice, also later ruled Astarac.

</doc>
<doc id="19434687" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19434687" title="William I of Astarac">
William I of Astarac

William I (died after 1060) was the Count of Astarac from 1022 or 1023. He was, according to the "Genealogica Comitum Guasconiæ", the eldest son of Arnold II of Astarac and Talesa. On his father's death he received Astarac while his younger brother Bernard Pelagus received Pardiac.
In 1023, in his first recorded act as count, William received the monstery of Pessan from his younger brother Otto (or Oddo), a deacon, and granted it to the abbey of Simorre, of which Otto became abbot. In 1025 William consented to Otto's restoration of the monastery of Saramon. In 1034 William placed the abbey of Sainte-Dode, founded earlier by Otto, under the authority of Simorre.
In that same year William married a relative within the degree prohibited by the church. His marriage was validated only after the performance of prescribed penances. There is a reference to an "Agganricus" as a "cognatus" (relative) of William. Since this Agganric is not known elsewhere and most of William's other relatives are accounted for, presumably he is a relative of William's wife. William's last recorded public act was related to Pessan, in 1060.
William was succeeded by his only child, Sancho I.

</doc>
<doc id="19434700" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19434700" title="Lipid therapy">
Lipid therapy

Lipid therapy, fat therapy, or therapeutic lipovenous injections is a controversial medical technique that entails the injection and expulsion of fats and lipids, which proponents claim can improve cognitive and memory function. The technique recently gained notoriety, when it was revealed it had become a popular technique with French and Italian celebrities, and more recently a rumored handful of American celebrities.
Description.
Patients who choose to undergo the controversial therapy are injected once a week for two months with a high-density animal fat.
Since most toxins in the body are fat soluble (according to practitioners), this causes the patient to defecate a translucent slime, which is claimed to carry out the body's toxins, in turn boosting energy, increasing concentration, and improving memory. Many medical experts who oppose the technique have pointed out the slimy discharge how the body deals with any excess of intestinal and intravenous lipids, and it is a sign of high risk of artery damage and poor water absorption.
Legal regulations.
sorting of any therapy as effective treatment for any condition is heavily restricted by law in many jurisdictions unless all such claims are scientifically validated. In the United States, for example, U.S. Food and Drug Administration regulations prohibit marketing any lipid therapy using medical claims, as such claims are unfounded.
Additionally, clinicians and doctors who perform the therapy have drawn scrutiny from the Department of Agriculture for questionable documentation on their acquisition of the animal fat.
Efficacy.
Blinding of patients and assessors to the therapy is difficult since lipid therapy can be easily discerned by the painful pressure in the thoracic cavity engendered by the sudden dip in plasma viscosity. Globules of lipid polymers also produce a significant shear strain on capillaries, causing the skin to pale and the tongue to swell.
However, many patients claim to feel full of energy and stamina after undergoing therapy. Medical scientists are quick to point out this side effect is likely the result of rapid lipolysis, as free fatty acids are freed from glycerol, and forcibly diffused into blood and muscle fiber due to artificially elevated blood pressure.

</doc>
<doc id="19434709" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19434709" title="Huey Lewis and the News discography">
Huey Lewis and the News discography

This article presents the discography for the American band Huey Lewis and the News. Huey Lewis and the News have sold over 30 million albums worldwide and are ranked in the top 200 selling groups of all time by the Recording Industry Association of America.
Three of their albums, "Sports", "Fore!", and "Small World" have been certified platinum (which in the United States market is equivalent to one million units sold). "Sports" is the band's best selling album, having been certified 7x platinum. "Picture This" and "Hard at Play" have both been certified gold. The band has released 38 singles, of which 12 have reached the top ten, and three have reached number one on the "Billboard Hot 100".
The band has also appeared on two soundtrack albums. For the 1985 film, "Back to the Future", the band contributed two songs. "The Power of Love" became their first ever number-one hit, and "Back in Time" received some radio airplay on Album-Oriented Rock stations. More than 20 years later, the band contributed the title track, appearing over the end credits, to the 2008 film "Pineapple Express".
The band has released three compilation albums. The first one, released worldwide (but not in the U.S.), peaked at number 23 on the UK chart. The second one, "Time Flies... the Best of Huey Lewis and the News" was released only in the U.S. and included four newly recorded tracks. The third one was a career-spanning "greatest hits" album that included some harder-to-find tracks and has been certified gold. The band has also released one live album.

</doc>
<doc id="19434713" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19434713" title="Qasımağalı">
Qasımağalı

Qasımağalı may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19434722" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19434722" title="Post turtle">
Post turtle

Post turtle is a phrase that has been used in political discussion of various countries, including the U.S. and Canada, based on an old joke. Various politicians have been referenced by the joke or used the joke, including George W Bush, Barack Obama, Bill Clinton, and Stephen Harper.
The joke.
An old rancher is talking about politics with a young man from the city. He compares a politician to a "post turtle". The young man doesn't understand and asks him what a post turtle is.
The old man says, "When you're driving down a country road and you see a fence post with a turtle balanced on top, that's a post turtle. You know he didn't get up there by himself. He doesn't belong there; he can't get anything done while he's up there; and you just want to help the poor, dumb thing down."
Notable usage.
"The Natural: The Misunderstood Presidency of Bill Clinton" by Joe Klein quotes Clinton as saying: "If you see a turtle sitting on top of a fence post, it didn't get there by accident." According to Klein, this was Clinton's way of claiming partial responsibility for "the historic prosperity and the global peace that attended his time in office".
Molly Ivins is attributed to usage for George W. Bush.
At the 2010 CMAs, Brad Paisley used the phrase in his acceptance speech for Entertainer of the Year.
Steve Benen, lead blogger for the liberal "The Political Animal" at "Washington Monthly", refers to Eric Cantor as a post turtle.
Mary Doria Russell used the post turtle reference in her novel "The Sparrow", attributing it to Father D.W. Yarborough, leader of the first Earth expedition to another planet. Yarborough refers to post turtles in the context of seeming anomalies in nature and regards them as proof of the existence of God, specifically of God trying to get our attention.

</doc>
<doc id="19434731" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19434731" title="Dördlər, Neftchala">
Dördlər, Neftchala

Dördlər, Neftchala may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19434736" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19434736" title="Lemur Conservation Foundation">
Lemur Conservation Foundation

The Lemur Conservation Foundation (LCF) is a small American non-profit organization that works closely with the Duke Lemur Center, LCF Scientific Advisory Council (including Dr. Ian Tattersall), the Association of Zoos and Aquariums (AZA) Prosimian Taxon Advisory Group (TAG), and the Species Survival Plan (SSP) coordinators. Its lemur reserve in Mayakka City, FL houses Ring-tailed Lemurs, Red-fronted Brown Lemurs, White-headed Lemurs, Eastern Lesser Bamboo Lemurs, Mongoose lemurs, Red ruffed lemurs, Common Brown Lemurs and Sanford's Lemurs. Its goals include conservation (including captive breeding and reintroduction), research, and education.
Mission.
"The Lemur Conservation Foundation (LCF) is a small non-profit corporation dedicated to the preservation and conservation of the primates of Madagascar through captive breeding, scientific research, education, and reintroduction."
Myakka City Lemur Reserve.
The Myakka City Lemur Reserve, which opened in 1999, is an AZA accredited facility that is located in Manatee County, Florida. There are two forested + free-range enclosures and the remaining acres currently serve as a buffer zone for the reserve. Two buildings act as indoor/outdoor enclosures: the "Reed and Barbara Toomey Lemur Pavilion" and the "Marilyn K. North Lemur Lodge". The "Mianatra Center for Lemur Studies" and the "Anne & Walter Bladstrom Library" are also located at this facility and serve as an on-site educational resource.
Tampolo Forest Reserve.
The Lemur Conservation Foundation is partnered with the Tampolo Forest Station, a small reserve in the forest of Tampolo in Madagascar.
Training and research opportunities.
The facility is open to academic professionals and college-level students for behavioral and other non-surgical research. There are two six-month internships offered in animal husbandry and field methods.
Research on lemur cognition and has been performed at the Myakka City Lemur Reserve and published in peer-reviewed academic journals. The studies showed that lemurs can understand basic arithmetic operations and will preferentially select tools based on their functional qualities (e.g., tool orientation, ease of use) instead of tools with nonfunctional features (e.g., color, texture), despite not being known to use tools in the wild. 
Publications.
The Lemur Conservation Foundation releases annual reports and a semiannual newsletter, called "Lemur Latitudes".

</doc>
<doc id="19434737" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19434737" title="NGC 5665">
NGC 5665

NGC 5665 is a galaxy in the constellation Boötes.

</doc>
<doc id="19434747" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19434747" title="King-Lincoln Bronzeville">
King-Lincoln Bronzeville

King-Lincoln Bronzeville (or King-Lincoln for short) is a historically African American neighborhood in Columbus, Ohio, and the site of considerable revitalisation and renovation projects on behalf of the city.
The King-Lincoln neighborhood is bound by Broad Street to the south, 20th Street to the east, Atcheson Street to the north, and I-71 to the west according to the City of Columbus [http://assets.columbus.gov/development/planning/kinglincoln.pdf] and is part of the larger "Bronzeville" area.
In 2009, the King-Lincoln Bronzeville Neighborhood Association asked that the neighborhood be renamed to Bronzeville to reflect its history.
History.
The area was at one time much larger, including parts of what is now the Discovery District. The creation of Interstate 71 significantly cut the area off from downtown, causing socioeconomic decline and the growth of crime and violence. The neighborhood has become the focus of the city's revitalization efforts which include renovation of the historic Lincoln Theatre, construction of new condos and expansion of retail space along Mt. Vernon Avenue and Long Street,[http://development.columbus.gov/Asset/iu_files/Neighborhood_Projects/Keena-KL_Arts___Entertainment_District_10-04-2007_Update.pdf] which hosts the annual Long Street Tour cycling event.

</doc>
<doc id="19434790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19434790" title="Barnard Stadium">
Barnard Stadium

Barnard Stadium is a sports stadium situated in Kempton Park, South Africa. It is the home of the Falcons Rugby Union team.

</doc>
<doc id="19434812" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19434812" title="Lexington Insurance Company">
Lexington Insurance Company

Lexington Insurance Company is a U.S.-based surplus lines insurer, providing property, casualty, and specialty lines insurance coverages and programs for small to middle-market companies and industries, as well as large commercial entities. Lexington is a Chartis company. Chartis is a property-casualty and general insurance organization serving more than 70 million clients around the world.
History.
Starting in 1965 with four people and $3 million in gross written premium from its property-casualty business, Lexington was one of the first U.S. insurers formed to specialize in writing surplus lines coverage. 
In 1971, Lexington expanded with the establishment of a London office. In response to market conditions in 1986, Lexington’s growth continued with the formation of its Programs and Healthcare divisions. Expansion continued in 1993 with the establishment of Cat Excess Liability in Bermuda, again in response to market conditions in the aftermath of Hurricane Andrew. 
Divisions.
Property, Casualty, Healthcare, Programs, Personal Lines, Captives/ART
Industry Practices.
Healthcare; Construction; Real Estate; Public Entity; Transportation; Energy; Higher Education
See Also.
Ironshore

</doc>
<doc id="19434855" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19434855" title="South Georgia Technical College">
South Georgia Technical College

South Georgia Technical College (SGTC) is a residential college located in southwest Georgia, teaching the latest educational programs of today. There are two campuses within the main college. The main college is located in Americus, Georgia, while the satellite campus located in Cordele, Georgia offers the same programs. Diploma programs usually take about one to two years to complete for full-time students, on the contrary Certificate Programs take on average one to two quarters to finish. Programs of high interest include criminal justice, nursing, early childcare, marketing, and culinary arts. 
SGTC serves many neighboring counties including Macon, Sumter, Webster, and Crisp County. In addition many partnerships exist with local business, making it possible for students to obtain part-time jobs.
History.
South Georgia Technical College is located in the heart of Americus, Georgia. Originally SGTC was Air force training facility during World War I and World War II. The facility was known at the time as Souther Air Field (Souther Field). In fact Charles A. Lindbergh bought his first plane; (a Jenny) from Souther Field. Lindbergh was the first to fly from New York to Paris nonstop in “The Spirit of St. Louis” in 1927. Initially in 1948 the school was named South Georgia Trade and Vocational School, until the phrase “trade school” dropped in 1963. After the change the school was identified as South Georgia Technical and Vocational School. Furthermore the school name changed once more as a result of 1988 a legislative act. Although the name did not become official until Governor Roy Barnes enacted the Educational Reform Bill on November 2, 2000. As of today SGTC offers many Associate degree programs ranging from aviation,auto repair, and dental hygiene. New growth and development has accrued since Sparky Reeves was appointed school President in 2004. Sparky Reeves is only the sixth person in the schools rich history to uphold such an honorable position.
Location.
South Georgia Technical College is located on the outskirts of Americus, in Sumter County, Georgia just southwest of interstate 75. The small town is a part of Sumter County Historic District, because of its history in railroad and technological advances during the mid-1800s. Thanks to local attorney Samuel H. Hawkins Americus was known as the Metropolis of Southwest Georgia because of its major cotton distribution. The college is 32 miles from the greater city of Albany, Georgia and approximately 2.5 hours away from the state’s capital Atlanta. The nearest major (Hartsfield-Jackson Atlanta International Airport) serving the state is only 2.5 hours from Americus. SGTC rests on the foothills of American history, because it’s known for being the home of the Habitat for Humanity, and the prominent Windsor Hotel (Americus) (built in 1892).
General Admission.
Financial Aid' 

</doc>
<doc id="19434870" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19434870" title="Pit Beirer">
Pit Beirer

Pit Beirer (born October 17, 1972 in Radolfzell, Baden-Württemberg) is a German former motocross racer. 
Beirer was one of the top competitors in the FIM 250cc World Championships riding for Honda. He finished third in the 250 world championship in 1997, 1998, 2000 and 2002. He finished second to Frédéric Bolley in 1999. Beirer signed with KTM in 2002, but in 2003, he crashed and suffered spinal injuries that left him paralyzed. After rehabilitation, he became the head of KTM's offroad racing department.

</doc>
<doc id="19434876" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19434876" title="Turşsu">
Turşsu

Turşsu may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19434888" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19434888" title="System Open Market Account">
System Open Market Account

The Federal Reserve System Open Market Account (SOMA) is one of the monetary policy tools used by the Federal Reserve System. It consists of the Federal Reserve's domestic and foreign portfolios. The SOMA domestic portfolio consists of U.S. Treasury securities held on both an outright and a temporary basis. The SOMA foreign currency portfolio consists of investments denominated in euros and yen.
The Federal Open Market Committee (FOMC) has designated the Federal Reserve Bank of New York to execute open market transactions on behalf of the entire Federal Reserve System. The resulting investments are held in the SOMA portfolio. Interest on the portfolio provides virtually all of the Fed's income; nevertheless, the central bank buys and sells securities purely to implement monetary policy and not for profit.
In addition, while the Treasury, in consultation with the Federal Reserve System, has responsibility for setting U.S. exchange rate policy, the New York Fed is responsible for executing foreign exchange intervention. The U.S. monetary authorities—the Treasury and the Fed—may intervene in the foreign exchange market to counter disorderly market conditions, using funds that belong to the Federal Reserve and to the Exchange Stabilization Fund (ESF) of the Treasury Department.

</doc>
<doc id="19434902" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19434902" title="Kollu">
Kollu

Kollu may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19434914" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19434914" title="Cathedral of Saints Peter and Paul, Constanța">
Cathedral of Saints Peter and Paul, Constanța

The Cathedral of Saints Peter and Paul, Constanţa (), located at 25 Arhiepiscopiei Street, Constanţa, Romania, is the seat of the Romanian Orthodox Archbishop of Tomis, as well as a monastery. Situated between Ovid Square and the Black Sea in front of the Archbishop's Palace, it was built on the city's peninsular zone in 1883-85 following plans by architect Ion Mincu. The cornerstone was laid on 4 September 1883, during the reign of Iosif Gheorghian, Metropolitan of All Romania. The church was consecrated on 22 May 1895.
The building served as a parish church until 1923, when the Diocese of Constanţa was established. In that year it became a cathedral, serving as such until 3 August 1941, when its altar and iconostasis, along with icons and paintings, were partly destroyed by aerial bombardment during World War II. It was restored after the war, from 1946-51. Patriarch Justinian Marina and Bishop Chesarie Păunescu re-consecrated it on 14 January 1951; at that time, Păunescu's seat was moved from Constanţa to Galaţi and the building once again became a parish church. Exterior repairs took place from 1957-59. When the diocese at Galaţi became an archdiocese on 9 November 1975, a vicar bishop began serving at Constanţa, returning the church to the status of cathedral, once again becoming an archdiocesan cathedral when the Tomis Archdiocese was revived in 1990.
The cathedral, in Greco-Roman style, of pressed brick, has a wide facade and a 35 m tower. Among the sculpted works are the oak iconostasis and choir, as well as candelabras and candle stands (made of a bronze-brass alloy), also designed by Mincu and executed in Paris. The frescoes were done by two Bucharest painters between September 1959 and November 1965. That month, when they were finished, Bishop Păunescu consecrated the church once again. The relics of Saint Panteleimon, donated in 1931, along with part of the relics of Saints Auxentius of Bithynia and Simeon Stylites, are kept inside. Also present are an icon of the Virgin Mary, said to be wonder-working, and the relics of Saints Epictetus and Astion, discovered in August 2001. On 1 December 2001, the latter were deposited in the cathedral, which on that date acquired the additional function of monastery; since that time, liturgies have been held according to monastic rites.
The Archbishop's Palace, begun in 1925, is located beside the cathedral, to the west. The cornerstone was laid by Patriarch Miron Cristea together with Bishops Grigore Comsa of Transylvania and Ilarie Puiu of Hotin; Ilarie Teodorescu was then Bishop of Constanţa.

</doc>
<doc id="19434915" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19434915" title="No Kids">
No Kids

No Kids is a Canadian indie pop band from Vancouver. The band was formed by Justin Kellam, Julia Chirka and Nick Krgovich following the departure of Larissa Loyva from their earlier band P:ano.
The band's debut album, "Come Into My House", was released February 19, 2008 on Tomlab. They toured Canada and the United States through the spring and summer of 2008 in support of the record.

</doc>
<doc id="19434956" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19434956" title="Scruj MacDuhk">
Scruj MacDuhk

Scruj MacDuhk was a Juno-nominated folk music group formed in 1995, touring cross-Canada and releasing two albums before their break up in 2001. The band included singer-songwriter Ruth Moody, current member of the Wailin' Jennys, and also Clawhammer banjo player/vocalist Leonard Podolak, who went on to form The Duhks.
Discography.
Live At The West End Cultural Centre.
Recorded live at the West End Cultural Centre, Winnipeg, Manitoba, May 26, 1997.
Released by Scruj Tunes in 1997 (SM002) in Cooperation with CBC Manitoba.
Personnel and credits.
Guests:
The Road To Canso.
Released in 1999 by Scruj Tunes (SM003)

</doc>
<doc id="19434958" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19434958" title="Phagmo Drupa Dorje Gyalpo">
Phagmo Drupa Dorje Gyalpo

Phagmo Drupa Dorje Gyalpo () was one the three main disciples of Gampopa Sonam Rinchen who established the Dagpo Kagyu school of Tibetan Buddhism; and a disciple of Sachen Kunga Nyingpo [1092-1158 one of the founders of the Sakya school of Tibetan Buddhism. He was the elder brother of Kathog Dampa Deshek [1122-1192], who founded Kathog monastery and the Kathog branch of the Nyingma school.
Biographical details.
In 1158 Dorje Gyalpo built a hermitage at Phagmo Drupa ("Sow's Ferry Crossing") in a juniper forest in Nedong () above the Tsangpo (Brahmaputra) river valley. Later, as his fame spread and disciples gathered, this site developed into the major monastic seat of Dentsa Thel () which was the center of the Phagmo Drupa or Phagdru Kagyu () school of Tibetan Buddhism, one of the "four great" Dagpo Kagyu schools.
The Phagmodrupas.
After the death of Phagmo Drupa Dorje Gyalpo, his main disciple Jigten Sumgon appointed Chenga Drakpa Jungne as abbot Dentsa Thel. In 1253, when Kublai Khan gave the Sakyapas temporal power in Tibet, Dorje Pel () the brother of Chenga Drakpa Jungne was appointed as the hereditary Tripon (myriarch) of the surrounding area of Nedon. From that time on the Tripon who as a monk, assumed the seat of the local government of Nedon and also ruled as abbot at Dentsa Thel. Brothers of the Tripon married in order to perpetuate the family line, succession going from uncle to nephew. As the Tripons of Nedong were abbots of the monastery founded by Phagmo Drupa, and hierarchs of the Phagdru Kagyu tradition they became known as Phagdru (short of Phagmo Drupa) Tripon.
In 1322 Changchub Gyaltsen (1302–1364) became the Phagdru Myriarch of Nedong. After he fought with a neighboring myriarchy, the then Sakya ruler of Tibet Ponchen Gyalwa Zangpo dismissed him as myriarch. He later managed to regain his position and eventually overthrew the Sakya rulers - becoming ruler of all of Central Tibet by 1354 (before the Ming Dynasty was established in China in 1368). Power remained in the hands of the Phagmodru family until 1434.

</doc>
<doc id="19434973" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19434973" title="René Vilbre">
René Vilbre

René Vilbre (born 17 May 1970 in Rakvere) is an Estonian film director born on 17 May 1970 in Rakvere, Estonia 
René Vilbre has received the Children's Film Prize of the Nordic Film Institutes at the Lübeck Nordic Film Days in 2005 and the Don Quixote Award - Special Mention at the Molodist International Film Festival in 1998.
Vilbre's second feature film I Was Here was premiered at the Karlovy Vary International Film Festival on September 12, 2008 and in Estonia it became the 5th most successful Estonian film premiere since the 1990s.

</doc>
<doc id="19434981" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19434981" title="Randel">
Randel

Randel may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19434986" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19434986" title="Corey's Coming">
Corey's Coming

"Corey's Coming" is a song written and sung by Harry Chapin. It was released on his 1976 album "On the Road to Kingdom Come".
Story.
The song, sung in first person, tells of John Joseph, an old man who lives out in the railroad yards. The Narrator tells how he likes to visit him in the evenings to listen to the old man's stories of the "glories of his past" and how he always ends the night with story of the arrival of his Corey, who he describes like an apparent love interest coming for him.
The Narrator finds the old man's stories surprising and asks the town's folk about them to which they respond that "Old John was born here / he's lived here all his life / he's never had a women let alone a wife" and that "no one named Corey's ever lived in this town". The Narrator questions John Joseph about town's response to which he smiles and says "Reality is only just a word" and repeats the story again as the song's chorus.
One evening, the Narrator finds that John Joseph has died in his sleep. At the graveyard, after the only other attendees of the funeral (a parson and gravedigger) leave, the Narrator looks up to find he's not alone. There is a woman standing there who simply says "My name is Corey, you can say I'm just a friend." The song ends with the Narrator thanking the listener(s) for listening to his story, revealing that he is the person now that lives in the railroad yards and carries on the stories and ends the song with the final chorus stating that "Corey's coming" now for him.
Extended version.
For the album "Legends of the Lost and Found", Chapin records an extended-live version of the song going more indepth about John Joseph's stories and Corey's revelation. This version was often performed at Chapin's concerts.
Who is Corey?
Chapin never really explained in the song who Corey actually is or whether she is real or not. Chapin said the song was about "an old man with a dream and a young boy who buys it" in live version's introduction on "Legends of the Lost and Found". Many listeners believe Corey is an imaginary character that only exists in the mind of John Joseph and his stories, which is why he states that reality is only a word. However, it could also be that Corey is real and the reason nobody knows of her is because she travels on the trains to the railroad yards to visit John Joseph. Another explanation is that Corey could be the angel of death "coming" to take the old man away, or that "Corey" was a joke the old man shared with the narrator, possibly derived from "C&O RailRoad".
Chapin did however explain where the name came from was from a fan he stayed with on the road that fed him when he was a struggling artist. As mentioned in his autobiography, Corey was the name of the woman of the couple. 

</doc>
<doc id="19434991" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19434991" title="KANT (software)">
KANT (software)

KANT is a computer algebra system for mathematicians interested in algebraic number theory, performing sophisticated computations in algebraic number fields, in global function fields, and in local fields. KASH is the associated command line interface. They have been developed by the Algebra and Number Theory research group of the Institute of Mathematics at Technische Universität Berlin under the project leadership of Prof. Dr Michael Pohst. Kant is free for non-commercial use.

</doc>
<doc id="19435004" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19435004" title="Lake Michigamme">
Lake Michigamme

Lake Michigamme, one of Michigan's largest lakes, reaches a depth of over . It covers in Marquette and Baraga County, Michigan. Van Riper State Park provides public access. The vast majority of the lake lies in Marquette County, with only its westernmost part extending into Baraga County.
The lake runs about east to west, with a southern arm extending about another 4. A dam separates the Michigamme river from the main body of the lake at the end of the southern arm. The Spurr river flows into the lake's west end and the Peshekee river flows into the lake in the north east. Van Riper State Park and Van Riper beach are located at the eastern shoreline of the main arm. The lake is speckled with many islands and rock beds that often creep over the waterline in late summer and fall. 
Common fish include Smallmouth Bass, Northern Pike, Walleye, Rock Bass, and even Whitefish in the deeper parts.

</doc>
<doc id="19435014" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19435014" title="Caves Express">
Caves Express

The Caves Express was an Australian special passenger rail service that operated between 1929 to 1942 on the Blue Mountains Line in New South Wales. The name was derived from the nearby Jenolan Caves. 
Introduction.
The railway from Sydney to the Blue Mountains enjoyed a monopolistic position in the early 1920s as much of the road from Parramatta onwards was unsealed. In 1927 a large improvement came about with the superseding of the route from Emu Plains to Blaxland, via Lennox Bridge with a sealed Great Western Highway, partially using the old railway formation over the Knapsack Viaduct. An effect of the improved road was to take some traffic away from the railway.
In order to stem the decrease in passengers taking place and with a desire to even improve patronage beyond previous figures, the New South Wales Government Railways introduced the Caves Express on 11 November 1929. The journey from Sydney to Mount Victoria took 2 hours 30 minutes, the timing being achieved by the train being limited to 5 carriages with a total weight of just 125 tons and the elimination of many intermediate stops.
In November 1931 the C35 class was assigned to the express. In July 1933 three locomotives of the class were painted in Caledonian Blue at the Eveleigh Locomotive Workshops. In the summer of 1936, the express was taken over by the larger C36 class.
In 1942 as a wartime economy measure, the Caves Express was suspended. It had a mediocre revival between 1953 and 1956 when it re-appeared in the timetables for Fridays and Saturdays only, running to a semi-fast schedule in the Down, or outbound, direction only.

</doc>
<doc id="19435024" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19435024" title="Randle">
Randle

Randle, as a surname or a given name, may refer to:
Surname:
Given name:
Fictional characters:

</doc>
<doc id="19435028" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19435028" title="The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints in Alabama">
The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints in Alabama

As of December 31, 2011, The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints reported 34,725 members, 6 stakes, 75 Congregations (42 wards, 33 branches), 1 mission, and 1 temple in Alabama.
History.
Concerted missionary efforts in Alabama started around 1842-1843 in Alabama with the work of Elders James Brown and John U. Eldridge. Before August 24, 1842, branches in Tuscaloosa (the Cybry Branch) and Perry (Bogue-Chitto Branch) counties were organized by Elder Brown. Elder Eldridge baptized his brother, wife, and mother-in-law earlier that year.
Elder John Brown, was among the early missionaries baptized a number a people in Tuscaloosa and Perry Counties including some of the first African-Americans to join the church. Hagar and Jack, two African-American men, joined the Church on October 24, 1843. Many of the early missionaries frequently passed between Alabama and Mississippi in their work.
Most early members immigrated west to join the body of the saint and to avoid persecution. Some of these Alabama members were among the group of "Mississippi Saints" that emigrated under the leadership of John Brown and William Crosby in 1846. 
In 1876, missionary work resumed with the creation of the Southern States Mission. Persecution was widespread in the 1880s with some even asking Alabama's governor to force the missionaries from the state. This subsided somewhat by 1894.
A new branch was established in Magnolia, Alabama during the late 1890s. Despite the tarring and feathering of some missionaries to the branch and the attempted arson of an early meeting place, a wood-frame Magnolia Chapel of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints was completed in 1913. Two elders from Utah assisted in the construction, Elder Sellers from Vernal and Elder Joseph E. Ward from Parowan. Although the branch completed a new brick chapel adjacent to the old one in 1972, the historic chapel continues to be used for social occasions. It is the oldest surviving LDS chapel in the state. The Magnolia Branch is currently a member of the Montgomery Stake.
A Sunday School was organized in Montgomery on August 22, 1911. Many of these early converts were baptized in the Alabama River.
By the mid-1930s Sunday School groups existed in Birmingham, Elkmont, Gadsen, McCalla, and Montgomery. In 1937, the Alabama District split in half to create the Alabama and North Alabama Districts. In 1940, the Montgomery Branch staged a pioneer parade that attracted thousands.
The LDS Church began to grow more rapidly in Alabama following World War II. Alabama's first stake was created in Huntsville in 1968. 
Following Hurricane Katrina in 2005, several thousand Latter-day Saint volunteers, from a 7 state area (including Alabama), went to Louisiana and Mississippi. Many of them taking time out of their jobs or came down on the weekends to help anyone needing assistance.
In September 2008, Latter-day Saints across Alabama went to the Baton Rouge area to aid cleanup efforts following Hurricane Gustav, as well as other disaster cleanup efforts in following years.
Temples.
On September 3, 2000 the Birmingham Alabama Temple was dedicated by President Gordon B. Hinckley.

</doc>
<doc id="19435048" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19435048" title="Tyla Rattray">
Tyla Rattray

Tyla Rattray (born 12 November 1985 in Durban, South Africa), is a Grand Prix motocross world champion.
Rattray made his first foray into international racing in 1999 when he participated in the inaugural FIM 85cc world cup at Gaildorf, Germany. Although completely unfamiliar with the conditions, he slotted straight into top level of international level racing and finished 3rd in the event. He relocated to Germany in 2000 as part of the Vangani Racing team, and participated in European -, German -, and Dutch Championship events, as well as international races. In 2001, at 15 years of age, he qualified for his first GP races. He also participated in European Championship events, and improved his standing in the Dutch Championship series.
In 2002, he formed part of the Vangani Racing "dream team" with Ben Townley and Tanel Leok. He won the first GP qualifying race of the season at Valkenswaard, and finished 8th in the GP. Later that year, he scored his first GP podium when he finished second at Genk in Belgium. At 16 years of age, he was one of the youngest GP podium finishers ever. He won the Dutch 125cc - and Superfinal titles in 2003 as part of the Bruforce Racing KTM team.
He won his first GP at Bellpuig in Spain in 2004. He finished second to KTM teammate Ben Townley in the world championship series in the 2004 MX2-GP season. Injuries kept him from challenging for the world title in 2005 and 2006. In 2008, he won the F.I.M. MX2-GP world championship riding for the KTM factory racing team managed by former world champion Stefan Everts. Before the start of the season he opted to change his permanent race number from 16 to 4 since it was available. He joins the short list of other South Africans who have taken an F.I.M. World title which include Grant Langston (1 world title) and Greg Albertyn (3 world titles).
Before the start of the 2009 FIM Motocross World Championship season, it was announced the factory KTM team and Rattray were parting ways. Both Rattray and KTM parted mutually as Ratray expressed a greater interest to ride in the United States, following the path of other South Africans such as Grant Langston and Greg Albertyn. Rattray finished the 2009 AMA Motocross Championship season in 9th place in the 250 class.
2010 Tyla Rattray Finished 2nd in the 250 class and is currently leading the points in 250 class 2011

</doc>
<doc id="19435066" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19435066" title="UGC 9561">
UGC 9561

UGC 9561 (PGC 53054, MCG+02-38-019) is a galaxy in the constellation Boötes. It is part of the Arp 173 pair of galaxies, with MCG+02-38-020.

</doc>
<doc id="19435089" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19435089" title="Yerevan (disambiguation)">
Yerevan (disambiguation)

Yerevan is the capital of the Republic of Armenia.
Yerevan may also refer to:
Places
Brand names / Titles
Culture
Media
Sports
Universities and Institutes
Others

</doc>
<doc id="19435100" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19435100" title="D. Babu Paul">
D. Babu Paul

Dr. Daniel Babu Paul IAS (born april 11 29, 1941) is a former member of the Indian Administrative Service and was a member Ombudsman for local self government institutions of Kerala during 2000-01.
Offices held.
Babu Paul held the following offices: 
Vice Chancellor of Kerala University; 
Lecturer in Civil Engineering; 
Additional Chief Secretary in the rank of Chief Secretary of State [1998-2000]; 
First Member, Board of Revenue, and Principal Secretary to Government, Tourism, Information and Cultural Affairs, also in the rank of Chief Secretary; Principal Secretary to Govt, Tourism, Information & Cultural Affairs [1996-1998]; 
Second Member, Board of Revenue, in charge of Land Revenue and Transport Commissioner Secretary to Government, General Education [1988-96]; 
Chairman, Cochin Port Trust [1984-88]; 
Finance Secretary, Kerala State [1982-84]; 
Secretary to Government, Transport, Fisheries and Ports [1980-82]; 
Expenditure Secretary, Kerala State [1979-80]; 
Chief Executive, State Road Transport Corporation [1977-79]; 
Managing Director, Travancore Titanium [1975-77]; 
Project Coordinator, Idukki Hydel Project & District Collector [1971-75]; 
District Collector, Palakkad [1970-71]; 
Managing Director, Handloom Development Corporation[1968-70]; 
Sub Collector Assistant Collector Training.
Writer.
Babu Paul published his first book at the age of 19. The book ' Oru Yathrayude Ormakal' was written in memory of his trip to Europe to participate in the International Student's Conference.
Awards.
Babu Paul received numerous awards for his Bible dictionary, ' Veda Shabda Ratnakaram. The following are them: Honorary Doctorate from Damascus St. Efraim University; Gundert Award presented by International School of Dravidian Languages for the best dictionary in Dravidian language; Guruvayoor Nair Samajam Award; Alexander Marthoma Award; N V Sahitya Puraskaram; Samskara Deepam Award by Indian Institution of Christian Studies, and a fellowship conferred by the same; Christian Literary Award
The other awards received by Babu Paul are: Kerala History Association Award for ' Queen's Story' which is the history of Cochin port; Sophia Award for the total contribution in the field of culture; MAGA Award from the Malayali Association for his contributions to the cultural development of Kerala; M. K. K. Nair Award for exhibiting interest in temple arts; Bar Eto briro Award (The highest a lay man can aspire for in the Syrian Orthodox Church, the only recipient in India); Rajiv Gandhi Award for his excellence in Civil Service
Source.
Babu Paul

</doc>
<doc id="19435110" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19435110" title="MCG+02-38-020">
MCG+02-38-020

MCG+02-38-020 is a galaxy in the constellation Boötes. It is in the Arp 173 pair of galaxies, with UGC 9561 (MCG+02-38-019).

</doc>
<doc id="19435123" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19435123" title="Fred Geary">
Fred Geary

Fred Geary (23 January 1868 – 8 January 1955) was an English professional footballer who played at centre forward for Everton in the 1890s, and made two appearances for England, scoring a hat-trick on his debut.
At Everton, he was a prolific goal-scorer, with 86 goals in 99 appearances, helping them to win the Football League championship for the first time in 1890–91. He was "the first Everton centre-forward to capture the imagination of their supporters" and "in his era he was as important to Everton as Dixie Dean was some years later".
Football career.
Early days.
Geary was born at Hyson Green, on the outskirts of Nottingham. As a boy he won many sprinting titles on the athletics track, and was to use this speed to great effect during his football career. He played youth football for local side Balmoral before joining Notts Rangers. After spells with Grimsby Town and Notts County, he returned to Notts Rangers in 1888, where he played in front of future England internationals Alf and Charles Shelton. Everton had tried to sign him earlier, and eventually persuaded Geary to move to Liverpool in 1889.
Everton.
Everton had finished in a disappointing eighth position in the inaugural Football League season, having scored only 35 goals and the directors "were determined to improve upon their indifferent performances", especially in front of the goal, by recruiting Geary, along with Scotsman Alex Latta (from Dumbarton) and Welshman Charlie Parry (from Chester St Oswald's). Geary had first been spotted at Grimsby Town, but had moved back to Notts Rangers before he was persuaded to join Everton. 
Geary was described as "small and powerful", standing at barely and weighing . He relied on his pace and acceleration to get away from defenders and, according to the Liverpool Echo, "his team-mates complained that he was sometimes too quick, leaving the ball or his strike partners behind with his turbo-charged bursts".
Geary made his Football League debut for Everton on 7 September 1889 at home (then at Anfield) to Blackburn Rovers and scored twice in a 3–2 victory. He soon began to form a prolific scoring partnership with Latta, well supported by Edgar Chadwick and Alf Milward, and later in the season by Alexander Brady. Geary scored regularly throughout the season, including a hat-trick in an 8–0 demolition of Stoke City on 4 November. He ended the season with 21 league goals in 18 matches, as Everton finished runners-up, two points behind Preston North End. Geary had also scored four FA Cup goals, including a hat-trick in an 11–2 victory over Derby County on 18 January (with three goals also from Milward and Brady). This remains Everton's highest margin of victory in any competition.
On 15 March 1890, Geary was called up by the England selectors to play against Ireland in the 1890 British Home Championship. England also played against Wales on the same day, and the selectors picked a mainly amateur team to play at Wrexham (winning 3–1), while the players selected for the match against the Irish at Ballynafeigh Park, Belfast were mainly professional, including five players from Blackburn Rovers. England easily overcame the Irish by a 9–1 margin, with Geary scoring a hat-trick, and a pair each from William Townley and Kenny Davenport. The Irish goal was scored by Jack Reynolds, who later played for England. According to Cris Freddi, "a (not altogether coherent) match report in "The Field" credits Geary with four goals, and a (very confused) summary in "The Athletic News" maintains that 'the clever little Everton centre was responsible for five of the goals, and beauties they were'." Despite the margin of victory, the England selectors did not use any of the team that defeated the Irish for the next match against Scotland, preferring the team that had played against Wales. The match against Scotland was a 1–1 draw, and, thus, England and Scotland shared the 1890 British Home Championship title.
Geary started the 1890–91 season in superb form, scoring in each of the first six matches as Everton started the season with five straight victories. By mid-January, Everton had completed all but one of their fixtures and were on 29 points, while Preston North End were eleven points adrift with seven games still to play. Everton than had to sit out the next two months as Preston completed their fixture list until they were only two points adrift with one match each left to play. Both teams played their final games of the season on 14 March, with Everton losing 3–2 at Burnley (Geary scored both Everton goals) and Preston going down 3–0 at Sunderland. Everton were thus able to win the Football League Championship for the first time, by a margin of two points with fourteen victories from their 22 league games. Geary had been ever-present, and was the club's top goal-scorer with 21 goals.
Geary earned his second (and last) England cap for the match against Scotland on 6 April 1891. Although the match was played at Ewood Park, Blackburn, not one Blackburn player was selected, with the selectors opting for four players from Everton's championship winning team, with Geary lining up alongside Edgar Chadwick and Alf Milward (with Johnny Holt in defence). In a close game, England managed to hold on to a 2–1 victory with goals from John Goodall (Derby County) and Chadwick.
Geary started the 1891–92 season well, with four goals from the first five games until injury put him out of action for several months, with Alan Maxwell taking his place. Geary was able to return for the last five games of the season, scoring twice more as Everton ended the season in fifth place.
In the summer of 1892, Everton move out of their original home at Anfield after John Houlding, the leaseholder of the stadium, purchased the ground outright and proposed increasing the rent from £100 to £250 per year. Everton, who had played at Anfield for seven years, refused to meet his demands and moved to Goodison Park. Geary scored the first goal at the new stadium in a friendly against Bolton Wanderers to celebrate the opening. The first league game at Goodison Park took place on 3 September 1892 with Nottingham Forest supplying the opposition. The game ended in a 2–2 draw with the honour of scoring the first competitive goal at Goodison going to Forest's Horace Pike, with the first Everton goal coming from Geary. The team's first league victory at their new ground came in the next home game when they crushed Newton Heath 6–0, with Geary and Chadwick each scoring twice.
Geary failed to score for the next six games, before he and Alex Latta each scored hat-tricks in a 6–1 victory over Derby County on 5 November. Geary ended the league season as the club's top scorer (for the third time in four seasons) with 19 goals from 24 league appearances, as Everton finished third in the league table. Geary played in the first three matches of the FA Cup run, scoring four goals before a leg injury resulted in him missing the semi-final against Preston North End. Everton eventually defeated Preston after a second replay to set up a final against Wolverhampton Wanderers. Although Geary was now fit, he was not picked for the Final to be played at Fallowfield, Manchester on 25 March, with Alan Maxwell retaining his place at centre-forward. Wolves won the match with a goal from their captain, Harry Allen, as the Everton forwards were unable to break down Wolves' defence.
Injury prevented Geary making an appearance at the start of the 1893–94 season, and he lost his place at centre-forward to Jack Southworth who had arrived from Blackburn Rovers during the summer. Geary's first game of the season was against Burnley on 25 November 1893, when he scored in a 4–3 victory. He retained his place for the next two matches, before Southworth returned to the side. Geary completed the season having played only nine matches, scoring eight goals. The season ended with Everton in a disappointing sixth place, with Southworth top scorer in the Football League with a tally of 27 goals from just 22 games.
Injury again kept Geary out of the team until January 1895, and he was only able to make eight appearances with four goals in his final season at Goodison Park. His final appearance came on 13 April 1895, when he scored in a 2–3 defeat to Derby County. In his Everton career, he made 99 appearances in league and cup matches, scoring 86 goals.
Liverpool.
In May 1895, he signed for Liverpool (who had just been relegated to the Second Division) for a fee of £60, making his debut in a 2–3 defeat at Notts County on 7 September. His first goals came when he was one of three players who scored twice in a 6–0 victory over Crewe Alexandra on 7 October. He made a total of 19 league appearances in 1895–96, scoring 11 goals as Liverpool took the Second Division title. Liverpool then had to play a series of "Test matches" against Small Heath and West Bromwich Albion with Liverpool securing their promotion at the expense of Small Heath. 
By now his pace had been eroded and he was stricken by injuries, and he was only selected eight times as Liverpool finished fifth in the First Division at the end of the 1896–97 season. He made a further twelve appearances over the next two seasons, before his last appearance for Liverpool on 17 September 1898. In his four seasons at Anfield he made a total of 45 appearances with 14 goals.
Later life.
Geary subsequently returned to Goodison Park as a groundsman.
He died on 8 January 1955, a fortnight short of his 87th birthday.

</doc>
<doc id="19435141" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19435141" title="Los Angeles Historic-Cultural Monument">
Los Angeles Historic-Cultural Monument

Los Angeles Historic-Cultural Monuments are sites in Los Angeles, California, which have been designated by the Los Angeles Cultural Heritage Commission as worthy of preservation based on architectural, historic and cultural criteria.
History.
The Historic-Cultural Monument process has its origin in the Historic Buildings Committee formed in 1958 by the Los Angeles chapter of the American Institute of Architects. As growth and development in Los Angeles threatened the city's historic landmarks, the Committee sought to implement a formal preservation program in cooperation with local civic, cultural and business organizations and municipal leaders. On April 30, 1962, a historic preservation ordinance proposed by the AIA committee was passed. The original Cultural Heritage Board (later renamed a commission) was formed in the summer of 1962, consisting of William Woollett, FAIA, Bonnie H. Riedel, Carl S. Dentzel, Senaida Sullivan and Edith Gibbs Vaughan.
The Board met for the first time in August 1962, at a time when the owner of the historic Leonis Adobe was attempting to demolish the structure and replace it with a supermarket. In its first day of official business, the Board designated the Leonis Adobe and four other sites as Historic-Cultural Monuments.
The designation of a property as a Historic-Cultural Monument does not prevent demolition or alteration. However, the designation requires permits for demolition or substantial alteration to be presented to the Commission. The Commission has the power to delay the demolition of a designated property for up to one year.
–In the Commission's first decade of operation (August 1962 – August 1972), it designated 101 properties as Historic-Cultural Monuments. By March 2010, there were 979 designated properties.

</doc>
<doc id="19435142" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19435142" title="Shaukat Ali">
Shaukat Ali

Shaukat Ali Khan is a Pakistani folk singer. 
Born into a family of artists in Malakwal, Ali began singing while at college in the 1960s, receiving help from his elder brother Inayat Ali Khan. Since 1970, he has performed ghazals and Punjabi folk songs. He gave a live performance at the 1982 Asian Games in New Delhi, and has been awarded the highest Pakistani civilian Presidential award, as well as the Voice Of Punjab Award. His song "Kadi te Has Bol Ve" was used in the movie "Love Aaj Kal". He also released a track titled "Jagga". He is the father of Pakistani singer Imran Shaukat.
Songs.
Shaukat Ali's hits include "Kyun Door Door Rendeyo", "Kaddi Te Has Bolve", "Jab Bahaar Aey Tou Sehra", "Mein Walait Kanu Aa Gaya, Challa, Jagga, Kaanwan Maa Jannat" "Da Parchaavan" and "Saif Ul Malook & Heer Waris Shah" which is recited by Shaukat Ali
Personal life.
Shaukat Ali lost his daughter, Mahjuvi, in a fire on the Doon Express on 22 November 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="19435179" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19435179" title="Kisielewski">
Kisielewski

Kisielewski is a Polish surname and can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19435184" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19435184" title="Eulogies (album)">
Eulogies (album)

Eulogies is the debut album of Los Angeles-based indie rock group Eulogies, released by Dangerbird Records on September 11, 2007. The album was co-produced by Peter Walker and Hrishikesh Hirway (The One A.M. Radio). A music video was produced for the song "One Man."
A picture disc 7" single was released for "If I Knew You" (with the B-side "Fires Out") in limited quantities. A split single was released on 7" vinyl in 2007, featuring "If I Knew You" by Eulogies on one side, and "You're a Wolf" by Sea Wolf on the other.
Track listing.
"All songs written by Peter Walker."

</doc>
<doc id="19435193" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19435193" title="Terstraten">
Terstraten

Terstraten, known as "Tersjtraote" in Limburgish, is a hamlet in the municipality of Nuth in the province of Limburg, the Netherlands.
It is one of the so-called "Bovengehuchten", or Upper Hamlets, of Nuth.
All the houses are situated along the street "Terstraten", which runs from the neighboring hamlet Brand via a hollow way towards the "Maastrichterweg".
In between the houses is a little square with a Christian cross underneath a tree.
The houses in Terstraten are officially preserved heritage.
The hamlet is known as a painters' paradise, due to the many 18th-century farmhouses with timber framing.
Between Terstraten and the hamlet Brand runs the stream Platsbeek.

</doc>
<doc id="19435215" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19435215" title="Grant Langston (motorcyclist)">
Grant Langston (motorcyclist)

Grant Langston (born 17 June 1982 in Durban, South Africa), is a former Grand Prix motocross world champion.
Biography.
Langston began competing in the world championships in 1998, and by 2000, he had won the F.I.M. 125cc world championship as a member of the KTM factory racing team. He moved to the United States in 2001 to compete in the A.M.A. national championships, winning the 2003 A.M.A 125cc outdoor title and the 2003 AMA Supermoto Unlimited Championship. He also won A.M.A 125 supercross championships in 2005 and 2006. In 2007, Langston won the A.M.A. national championship in the Motocross Class for 450cc machines, riding for Yamaha. Langston's racing career was cut short following a crash which created vision problems for him for sometime. He made an attempt to return to the sport, but it was short lived. Grant owns a large multi-line motorcycle dealership in Perris, California.

</doc>
<doc id="19435224" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19435224" title="Ben Hunt (rugby league)">
Ben Hunt (rugby league)

Ben Hunt (born 27 March 1990) is an Australian professional rugby league footballer for the Brisbane Broncos of the National Rugby League. He primarily plays halfback, hooker and five-eighth.
Early career.
While attending St. Brendan's College in Yeppoon, Hunt was placed on a scholarship with the Broncos. He achieved much while at St Brendan's College with the team reaching the Queensland final of the Arrive Alive Cup in 2007. Also during 2007, Hunt was selected for the Australia Schoolboys after a strong showing for the Queensland Secondary Schools Rugby League team during the A.S.S.R.L 2007 National Championships.
Hunt was selected in the Queensland Under-18 side to play in the curtain raiser to Game Two of the 2008 State of Origin series. In 2008, Hunt played for the Brisbane Broncos in the inaugural season of the Toyota Cup, helping them reach the Grand Final only to lose to the Minor Premiers Canberra Raiders 28-24. A clear stand out performer for the Broncos, Hunt scored 166 points in 26 games, including 17 tries and 49 goals.
Hunt made his first grade debut with the Broncos as a nineteen-year-old halfback in a 12-46 thrashing at the hands of his boyhood team the Cronulla Sharks in Round 15, 2009. He went on to play two more games that season in losses to both the Titans and the Raiders.
2010 was seen as a breakthrough season for Hunt, playing 19 games and even making a push for a starting position at dummy-half. After some impressive performances that included two tries, many were calling for Hunt to get a run as a starting Hooker. Although Hunt stayed as a bench player, he certainly demonstrated that he could be the Broncos' future Halfback.
After a shaky start to 2011, Hunt regained his form with an impressive performance against Canberra. After showing solid form off the bench, Hunt broke his finger in the Round 9 clash against the Melbourne Storm, causing him to be out of action until Round 17. Hunt made his return in Round 17 against the Parramatta Eels but was then stood down for a week with team mate Andrew McCullough after being charged with public nuisance following a night of drinking in the Brisbane CBD.
After the retirement of Broncos' great Darren Lockyer, Hunt was nominated alongside teammate Corey Norman to fill the vacant five-eighth position. The pair battled out in the trials but Hunt eventually lost out to Norman, leaving Hunt on the bench once again for Round 1, 2012. In Round 7, against the Raiders, Hunt and Norman both got the chance to showcase their skills on the centre stage with regular halfback Peter Wallace a late withdrawal through injury. Norman and Hunt didn't disappoint with the pair combining beautifully as the Broncos ran out 30-6 winners. With Hunt managing to get on the try-scorers' list. After the Broncos stumbled at the back end of 2012, losing 7 of 10 games en route to the finals, Hunt found himself in the five-eighth role with Norman dropped to the bench following poor form. Despite playing quite well, Hunt found himself back on the bench as the Broncos were knocked out in the first week of the finals losing 33-16 against the North Queensland Cowboys.
Hunt continued his bench role for the start of the 2013 NRL season as the Broncos made a shaky start. Hunt got his first opportunity in his preferred halfback role in the Round 9 clash against the Eels, as Scott Prince suffered an injury in the opening minutes. Hunt signed a two-year deal with the Broncos on 14 May 2013, showing the club's belief that he is a long-term halves option.
Personal life.
Despite growing up in Queensland, Hunt is a self-proclaimed Cronulla Sharks fan. As a youngster he idolised Mat Rogers which was the reason he supported the Sharks, the team he in fact made his debut against. Hunt has also stated Andrew Johns as the player who most influenced his game.
Achievements.
Ben Hunt won the inaugural 2008 Toyota Cup "Player of the Year".
He was also named in the 2008 Toyota Cup "Team of the Year" on the Interchange bench.

</doc>
<doc id="19435288" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19435288" title="IFIL-Reghin RG-6">
IFIL-Reghin RG-6

__NOTOC__
The IFIL-Reghin RG-6 was a light aircraft built in Romania in 1957 for aeroclub use. It was designed by Vladimir Novichi at the request of the national sport flying association AVSAP, which specified the use of the Praga D engine, surplus stocks of which were available in Romania following production of the Zlín Z-22.
Novichi's design was for a conventional, low-wing cantilever monoplane with fixed, tailwheel undercarriage. The pilot and instructor sat in tandem under a long canopy. The structure was to be entirely of wood, so when production of the type was organised through Sovromtractor, it was assigned to the IFIL factory in Reghin, which was already producing wooden gliders. Only three examples of the RG-6 were built.
An RG-6 was used by pilot Vasile Petcu to set a national class airspeed record of 165 km/h (103 mph) over a 100 km closed circuit in 1957.

</doc>
<doc id="19435313" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19435313" title="1990 Chatham Cup">
1990 Chatham Cup

The 1990 Chatham Cup was the 63rd annual nationwide knockout football competition in New Zealand.
Up to the last 16 of the competition, the cup was run in three regions (northern, central, and southern). National League teams received a bye until the final 64 stage. In all, 147 teams took part in the competition.
The 1990 final.
The final returned to the Cup's early home, the Basin Reserve. It was the first to be decided on penalties. Replays, which had been used in previous tied finals, were no longer used in the Chatham Cup by 1990. The final was close and tense, with three goals to each team. Mount Wellington finished the match with ten men after Dave Witteveen was sent off in extra time. Johan Verweij scored in his fourth successive final - unfortunately for him, in the 1990 final it was an own goal. The penalty shoot-out was no less tense, with several shots having to be retaken.
Mount Wellington and Christchurch United were as evenly matched in the 1990 final as they had been when they met in the epic 1972 Chatham Cup final. That match produced thirteen goals spread across three matches, with eight in the first match alone. The 1990 final was equally exciting, with records being set and plenty of on-pitch action. Among the records were those of Ron Armstrong, who played in his eighth final - equally Tony Sibley with a record which stood alongside father Ken Armstrong's earlier cup heroics as player and coach.
The first half produced three goals. Allan Carville led the way for the southerners, before a wayward backpass from Verweij caught the wind and beat his own keeper to level things up. The Mount took the lead for the first time with a fine curving shot from Noel Barkley, 1990 New Zealand player of the year. From this point on, Christchurch went on the attack, mainly through the efforts of Michael McGarry, but they only produced one goal to show for it, a second for Carville.
Extra time produced more excitement, with a missed penalty from United's skipper Keith Braithwaite. Then in the dying stages, referee Roger Woolmer game a free kick to Mount Wellington close to the Christchurch goal. Keeper Alan Stroud could only parry the ball, and Armstrong stuck the ball home. Christchurch fought back, and with only seconds remaining McGarry deflected a Julyan Falloon cross into the Mount's net.
And so it came down to penalties. Mount Wellington scored with four of their five efforts, from Terry Torrens, Noel Barkley, Grant Lightbown, and Steve O'Donoghue. The only Aucklander failing to find the net wqas Ron Armstrong, thanks to a fine save from Stroud. It was the Christchurch United kicks which produced the most drama, however. McGarry failed to find the target, and keeper Paul Schofield saved Braithwaite's effort, only to hear the referee calling for it to be retaken, as Schofield had moved. Braithwaite scored from the retaken kick. More was to come, with Verweij's kick having to be retaken not once but twice for the same offence - and Schofield saved on all three occasions. Though Michael Boomer scored with Christchurch's fourth kick, the lead became unassailable after O'Donoghue made it 4–2 for the Mount.
The Jack Batty Memorial Trophy for player of the final was awarded to Michael McGarry of Christchurch United. McGarry became the first player to win this award twice, having also won it in 1989.
Results.
Third Round.
Christchurch United received a bye to the Fourth Round
Fourth Round.
Caversham received a bye to the Fifth Round
Final.
Penalty shootout:
Mount Wellington won 4-2 on penalties.

</doc>
<doc id="19435330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19435330" title="Zajączkowski">
Zajączkowski

Zajączkowski is a Polish surname and can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19435340" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19435340" title="Robert Whitehead (Derbyshire)">
Robert Whitehead (Derbyshire)

Robert Whitehead (1856 to 1938) was an English land owner, businessman and Justice of the Peace (1915-1916). He was chairman or director of many business in the area including Cammell Laird shipbuilders, Brodsworth Colliery Staverly Coal and Iron Company and Leeds Forge Company Ltd and many more. He was the 2nd cousin to the Robert Whitehead who invented the torpedo and great-great Grandson of John Kay who invented the Flying Shuttle. 
In 1901 he took over the Hargate Estate, near the village of Wormhill, Derbyshire, where he lived until he died in 1938. He added massively to the estate which by 1910 comprised Hargate Wall, Hargate Hall, a lodge house, stables and huge centrally heated orangery. Hargate Wall and Hargate Hall actually swapped names. Robert Whitehead lived in the original Hargate Hall while Hargate Wall was being built. When it was completed he moved into it but renamed it Hargate Hall and his original house then became Hargate Wall.
A previous occupant of Hargate Hall was the notorious mill owner Ellis Needham who owned Litton Mill.
He was also a keen breeder of Shire Horses and in 1937 presented a cup to the Ashbourne Show - The Ashbourne Silver perpetual challenge cup which is awarded to the best mare or filly one year old and upward shown at the show.
References.
1. High peak News September 26 1938
2. Wormhill - the history of a High Peak village by Christopher Drewry ISBN 978-1-901214-82-6

</doc>
<doc id="19435342" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19435342" title="Bit people">
Bit people

The Bit or Bid are an ethnic group living in Louang Namtha Province, Laos. There are around 1,500 people left, mainly in a single village, as well as a further 500 or so over the border in China. They speak Bit, a Mon–Khmer language, although most also speak Lao.
The Bit live in houses built on stilts, and cultivate wet rice as well as other vegetables. They believe in local spirits and have a male religious leader known as "mo mon".

</doc>
<doc id="19435347" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19435347" title="El Hadi Fayçal Ouadah">
El Hadi Fayçal Ouadah

El Hadi Fayçal Ouadah (born September 24, 1983 in Blida, Algeria) is an Algerian football player who is currently playing as a goalkeeper for USM Annaba in the Algerian Championnat National.

</doc>
<doc id="19435356" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19435356" title="PDFescape">
PDFescape

PDFescape is an advertising and fee supported, 
web-based PDF editor program written in JavaScript, HTML, CSS and ASP. It features PDF editing, form filling, page arrangement, printing, saving, and form publishing. A premium ad free version is available for a fee. Form publishing requires additional fees.
PDFescape offers online storage of PDF documents. PDFescape can be used with common browsers such as Firefox, Internet Explorer, Safari, Chrome, and Opera.
The first release was published on February 20, 2007.
PDFescape has been reviewed by notable websites such as Cnet and Lifehacker.
Features.
PDF documents can be opened within the application itself or imported through the web interface. Open documents can be modified using a set of tools similar, but more limited, than those found in PDF applications such as Adobe Acrobat.
The following features are available:

</doc>
<doc id="19435359" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19435359" title="Rung">
Rung

Rung may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19435366" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19435366" title="Eliza Pineda">
Eliza Pineda

Eliza Pineda (born August 23, 1995, in Angeles City, Pampanga, Philippines) is a Filipina child actress who is currently enrolled in ABS-CBN's Star Magic training program. Born to Precy and Eloy Pineda, she is the youngest of three children, one of her sisters being Charee Pineda..
She has appeared in many teleserye, including some ABS-CBN programs like "Mga Anghel na Walang Langit" and "Maria Flordeluna". Her most recent project was in ABS-CBN's "Kung Fu Kids" in 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19435482" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19435482" title="Shadow Cabinet of Brendan Nelson">
Shadow Cabinet of Brendan Nelson

Following the Labor Party's win, in the Australian 2007 federal election, the Liberal-National Coalition became the official Opposition. Brendan Nelson was elected Leader of the Liberal Party on 29 November 2007, and announced that his deputy Julie Bishop would be Shadow Minister for Workplace Relations and that his unsuccessful rival for the Liberal leadership, Malcolm Turnbull, would be offered the position of Shadow Treasurer. Warren Truss was elected leader of the National Party. The composition of the remainder of the shadow cabinet was announced on 6 December 2007. Nelson's Cabinet lasted until 16 September 2008, following a leadership spill, which saw Turnbull emerge as the new leader.

</doc>
<doc id="19435489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19435489" title="Adrian Dearnell">
Adrian Dearnell

Adrian Dearnell (:fr: Adrian Dearnell), a Franco-American financial journalist, is the founder and CEO of EuroBusiness Media, and former anchorman for several TV and radio stations such as Bloomberg TV.
Biography.
A graduate of Phillips Exeter Academy and Brown University, Dearnell first worked for ABC News in Paris, and then for Bloomberg TV in London. He subsequently became the main anchor for Bloomberg TV in France, conducting more than 3,000 interviews with market strategists, chief economists, financial analysts, portfolio managers, and a majority of the CEOs of publicly traded companies in France.
In 2002, Dearnell founded EuroBusiness Media, which specializes in the production and distribution of web TV interviews with CEOs of publicly traded companies. These web TV interviews, called CEO-Direct™, are broadcast worldwide to a targeted audience of institutional investors and financial analysts.
As a bilingual financial journalist, Dearnell is regularly called upon to do media training for executives, asset managers and other financial professionals who are expected to interact with the media or communicate in front of an audience. These trainings are often specialized to address the presentation of financial information. He is also often called upon to act as interviewer/moderator for corporate conferences and seminars, and regularly interviews asset managers as well.
Dearnell is the former President of the Anglo-American Press Association of Paris – the oldest foreign correspondent association in France – which he continues to support actively.
A semi-professional jazz musician, he plays the double bass in several jazz bands, and collaborates with the renowned jazz bassist Pierre Boussaguet. He appears as the newscaster in the Hollywood blockbuster movie "The Transporter".

</doc>
<doc id="19435516" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19435516" title="Tollywood Focus">
Tollywood Focus

Tollywood Focus is a 2008 Bengali film Directed by Manas Bose.
Plot.
It is another peek at what goes on behind the glitz and glamour of Tollywood. Swastika plays an actress in a live-in relationship with her director (Amitabha). But the mysterious death of Swastika’s husband keeps haunting her. Satyabrato a boy from Hedua(North Calcutta) started nourishing a dream. His father got astonished hearing such a dream from a lower middleclass family chap. People of their class dream to be a Cost Accountant or sometimes even to be a Pilot but become a B.D.O. (Block Development Officer) at the end. But this boy have gone mad. He wants to be a hero, and in cinemas. Yes Cinemas, that's the most horrid part. If it was serial then there would have been a chance because they need people as because they are never ending. But Satyabrato stood apart. He started exercising physically and mentally. After many days he got in touch with a renowned director, a master craftsman regarding making Thrillers and Murder mysteries- Anirban Choudhury- Everything was going, OK for Satyabrato except his girlfriend who was not at all ready to hear all those bull shit and wanted him to give the SSC exams if he was at all ready to leave his present job. Glitter and glam was a part of life for Ananya. She loved and cherished these as she cherished looks of guys who wanted to be close to her. God gave her all these to hide her past life where she had a torrid experience with a man she loved. Though the man have passed, a scar remained in the minds of the NO 1 heroin. Her beloved husband was a talented director, who had even received a national award at a very young age. But suddenly Anirban came in the life of Ananya. Anirban a very shrude fellow, became very close to Ananya and slowly but surely webbed the heroin with his cunning brain. He poisoned her and insisted Ananya to kill Dipankar... Ananya liked Satyo for his innocence. A softness grew up and one fine evening, a bit drunk with nostalgia she disclosed the hidden truth to Satyo. And SATYO came out to be the one, nobody thought of. A reporter of a reputed News Channel, with a hidden camera.

</doc>
<doc id="19435542" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19435542" title="Mohamed Mouloud Harim">
Mohamed Mouloud Harim

Mohamed Mouloud Harim (born November 8, 1985 in Tizi Ouzou) is an Algerian football player who is currently playing as a midfielder for MC Saïda in the Algerian Championnat National.

</doc>
<doc id="19435551" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19435551" title="Sugarloaf Reservoir">
Sugarloaf Reservoir

Sugarloaf Reservoir is a reservoir located north-east of Melbourne. It was completed in 1981. Its total capacity is 96 GL. As of February 12, 2010 the reservoir sits at 67.1% of capacity. It reached nearly 80% in late 2009 after reaching nearly 10% in May. In February 2010, the North South Pipeline from the Goulburn River was connected to the reservoir.
It is operated by Melbourne Water.
Recreational Facilities.
Sugarloaf Sailing Club.
The Sugarloaf Sailing Club operates on the reservoir rear round. The club can be found on Ridge Road off the Eltham-Yarra Glen road. The club runs over 40 races throughout the year in three series, "Winter", "Twilight" and "Summer". There is a strong racing fraternity at Sugarloaf who can be found on the lake on race days, rain, hail or shine. New members can use the boats from the club fleet without further charges. The Club also conducts Sailability on the second Sunday of every month during the summer season. Sailability is sailing for all including the young, the elderly and disabled and uses Access dinghies which are unsinkable, uncapsizable and good fun.
Recreational Fishing.
Sugarloaf Reservoir is also a very popular waterway for recreational fishing. Rainbow and brown trout, redfin, roach and European carp can be caught in these waters all year round. No natural bait or berley is permitted, there are signs posted around the reservoir stating this.This is due to the reservoir being an integral component of Melbourne's domestic water supply.
There have been studies conducted that suggest that the Mercury levels in the Redfin (and most likely other predatory fish in the reservoir) are higher than is regarded safe for human consumption.

</doc>
<doc id="19435566" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19435566" title="Friedrich Loeffler Institute">
Friedrich Loeffler Institute

The Friedrich Loeffler Institute (FLI), is the national research centre for animal health of Germany. The institute was founded in 1910 and named for its founder Friedrich Loeffler in 1952. The FLI is situated on the Isle of Riems, which belongs to the City of Greifswald. Currently, the most modern animal health research facilities in the world are under construction for the FLI.
The Friedrich Loeffler Institute is directly subordinated to the German Ministry of Food, Agriculture and Consumer Protection. Its main subject is the thorough study of animal viral disease and other close subjects include molecular biology, virus diagnosis, immunology, and epidemiology. Federal laws of Germany make the FLI responsible for national and international control and research. The institute publishes its research, and cooperates with other national and international institutions and researchers.
Among the animal diseases under research are for instance foot and mouth disease, influenzavirus A, and avian influenza.
Currently, 330 people work for the FLI, and an additional 140 will be employed upon completion of the construction work. Until 2010, the 100th anniversary of the Institute, the FLI is expected to be the most up-to-date animal health research center in Europe. 260 Million Euros are spent by the Federal Government to build new laboratories and barns.
As part of this extension, in 2010 the Riems Institute completed Biosafety level 4 laboratory facilities, which enable research activities on the most dangerous of viruses -- one of four such facilities in Germany.
Organisation.
The FLI's president is Thomas C. Mettenleiter, who also teaches at the nearby University of Greifswald. The FLI consists of the following eleven institutions at seven different locations, some of which are to be relocated to Riems by 2010:

</doc>
<doc id="19435568" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19435568" title="Offset printing film">
Offset printing film

Offset printing films are types of clear films used for transfer printing in offset processes.

</doc>
<doc id="19435583" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19435583" title="List of constituencies of Maharashtra Vidhan Sabha">
List of constituencies of Maharashtra Vidhan Sabha

The present Indian state of Maharashtra came into existence on 1 May 1960. The number of constituencies of the first Maharashtra Vidhan Sabha, the lower house of the Maharashtra state legislature in 1960 was 264. 33 constituencies were reserved for the candidates belonging to the Scheduled castes and 14 were reserved for the candidates belonging to the Scheduled tribes. The number of constituencies of the third Maharashtra Vidhan Sabha (1967-72) was raised to 270, out of which 15 constituencies were reserved for the candidates belonging to the Scheduled castes and 16 were reserved for the candidates belonging to the Scheduled tribes. 
×==List of constituencies since 2008==
Following is the list of the constituencies of the Maharashtra Vidhan Sabha since the delimitation of legislative assembly constituencies in 2008. At present, 29 constituencies are reserved for the candidates belonging to the Scheduled castes and 25 are reserved for the candidates belonging to the Scheduled tribes:

</doc>
<doc id="19435592" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19435592" title="Georg Staats">
Georg Staats

Georg Staats (13 March 1916 in Bremen – 12 November 1943 in the Bay of Biscay) was a German U-boat commander in World War II and recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross (). The Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross was awarded to recognise extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership. He and the entire crew of were killed in the Bay of Biscay north of Cape Ortegal by depth charges from a US Consolidated B-24 Liberator bomber.
Career.
Staats was born on 13 March 1916 in Bremen. He was appointed "Seekadett" (midshipman) on 25 September 1935 and completed his training on the light cruiser cruiser "Karlsruhe" and the battleship battleship "Gneisenau". He was transferred to the U.boat force in April 1939 as an "Leutnant zur See". In 1939 and 1940 he served as watch officer of and .
Summary of career.
Ships attacked.
As a U-boat commander of Staats is credited with the sinking of 14 merchant ships for a total of .

</doc>
<doc id="19435593" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19435593" title="Yuen Kong Chau">
Yuen Kong Chau

Yuen Kong Chau may refer to

</doc>
<doc id="19435596" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19435596" title="SupAgro">
SupAgro

SupAgro is a French higher university specialising in agriculture and agronomy situated on "la Gaillarde" campus in Montpellier. It trains students in most of the agronomy and life sciences fields. It is part of Agropolis Fondation. The Montpellier INRA research center is also located on "la Gaillarde" campus.

</doc>
<doc id="19435616" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19435616" title="Tai Situ Changchub Gyaltsen">
Tai Situ Changchub Gyaltsen

Tai Situ Changchub Gyaltsen (, Chinese: ) (1302–1364 or 1371) was a key figure in Tibetan History. He was founder of the Phagmodrupa dynasty and ruler of Tibet from 1354 to 1364 or 1371.
Changchub Gyaltsen was the Phagmodru Tripon or Nedong Ghongma who in 1354 overthrew the Mongol appointed Sakya rulers and became ruler of all of Central Tibet - before the Ming Dynasty was established in China in 1368. He and his successors independently ruled Tibet for over eighty years until they were replaced by the Rinpungpa. 
As ruler Changchub Gyaltsen was keen to revive the glories of the Tibetan Empire of Songtsen Gampo and assert Tibetan independence from the Mongol Yuan Dynasty and from Ming Dynasty China. He took the Tibetan title “Desi” (sde-srid), re-organized the thirteen myriarchies of the previous Yuan-Sakya rulers into numerous districts "(rdzong)", abolished Mongol law in favour of the old Tibetan legal code, and Mongol court dress in favour of traditional Tibetan dress. But he avoided resisting the Yuan court until its fall in 1368, and was recognized by the latter during this period.
Tai Situ Changchub Gyaltsen died in 1364 and was succeeded by his nephew Jamyang Shakya Gyaltsen (, Chinese: 章陽沙加監藏) (1340-1373), also a monk. The subsequent rule of the Phagmodrupa lineage lasted until 1435. From 1435 to 1481 the power of the Phagmodrupa declined as they were eclipsed by the Rinpungpa, who patronized the rival Karma Kagyu school. They were followed by the three Tsangpa kings who ruled from 1566-1641 until Lobsang Gyatso the 5th Dalai Lama (1617-1682), with the support of Güshi Khan (1582-1655), a Mongol ruler of Kokonor, took control of Tibet.

</doc>
<doc id="19435622" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19435622" title="Akimov">
Akimov

Akimov (, masculine) and Akimova (, feminine) is a Russian surname. It is shared by the following people:

</doc>
<doc id="19435636" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19435636" title="Tamás Szép">
Tamás Szép

Tamás Szép (born 14 October 1973) is a Hungarian football player.

</doc>
<doc id="19435641" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19435641" title="Dániel Rózsa">
Dániel Rózsa

Dániel Rózsa (born 24 November 1984 in Szombathely) is a Hungarian football player who currently plays for Szombathelyi Haladás.
Honours.
Hungarian Second Division: <br> Winner: 2008
Club statistics.
"Updated to games played as of 2 March 2014."

</doc>
<doc id="19435656" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19435656" title="Zoltán Csontos">
Zoltán Csontos

Zoltán Csontos (born 30 May 1986) is a Hungarian football player who currently plays for Soproni VSE.
Honours.
Hungarian Second Division: <br> Winner: 2008

</doc>
<doc id="19435670" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19435670" title="Gábor Rajos">
Gábor Rajos

Gábor Rajos (born 17 March 1984) is a Hungarian football player who currently plays for FC Ajka.
Szombathelyi Haladás.
He has Spent 3 years in the Hungarian second Division appearing for 57 matches and scoring 2 goals before his team was promoted to the Hungarian First Division.
Honours.
Hungarian Second Division: <br> Winner: 2008
Club statistics.
"Updated to games played as of 4 December 2013."

</doc>
<doc id="19435677" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19435677" title="NovaMind">
NovaMind

NovaMind is a commercial mind mapping application for Mac OS X and Microsoft Windows. It was first released in 2002.
It features flexible layout, native interface for both Mac (using Cocoa) and Windows (using Fluent), and a strong emphasis on the visual aspects of Mind Mapping. It includes a large library of high quality images (and iPhoto integration on Mac) as well as the ability to drag on images from other programs, as well as setting reflections, borders, boundaries, corner styles, a glassy button look, etc. to make the Mind Maps visually appealing.
Its uses include mapping arguments, or brainstorming, and concept mapping in an academic setting
Editions.
There are three editions of the desktop application: Express, Pro and Platinum. There is also a web application for social Mind Map sharing, called NovaMind Connect, which takes NovaMind Mind Maps and turns them into web pages, as well as providing for social functions such as comments, rating, tagging, friends etc.
Features.
Features include:
Imports/exports include MS Word, RTF, PowerPoint, Keynote, MS Project, MindManager, Final Draft, Movie Magic, OPML, OmniOutliner as well as a wide range of image formats. It also integrates with Merlin project management software on Mac OS X. NovaMind is also integrated with the iPhone mindmapping application iBlueSky.
NovaMind's internationalization supports English, French, German, Dutch, Italian, Traditional Chinese, Simplified Chinese, Spanish, and Japanese.

</doc>
<doc id="19435682" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19435682" title="I Stay in Love">
I Stay in Love

"I Stay in Love" is a song by American singer-songwriter Mariah Carey, taken from her eleventh studio album, "E=MC²" (2008). It was written by Carey, Bryan-Michael Cox, Adonis Shropshire and Kendrick Dean, and produced by the former two. "I Stay in Love" was released through Island Records on October 28, 2008, as the fourth and final single from the album. Drawing influence from pop and R&B music genres, the song features a piano and keyboard-driven melody, and a strong accompanying drum-beat. Lyrically, the song finds Carey getting "her cry on with the connect-the-dots break-up track." She describes the old time she shared with her love interest. She narrates that even though they said let go, and that she is aware that there is nothing left in their relationship, she still "stays in love with him".
"I Stay in Love" received generally positive reviews from music critics, with many considering the song a strong ballad and a highlight from the album, while complimenting its production and piano-driven melody, despite criticizing the similarities to Carey's previous single, "We Belong Together" (2005). The song performed weakly commercially, becoming Carey's first single from the album to not chart on the US "Billboard" Hot 100, although peaking at number eighty-one on the Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs chart, and becoming Carey's fourteenth number one on the Hot Dance Club Play component chart. In the United Kingdom, the song debuted and peaked at number ninety-five, and spent only one week on the UK Singles Chart.
Carey performed "I Stay in Love" live on two high profile televised events. First, on November 8, 2008, she was featured as a guest judge and musical performer of the fifth season of the popular British talent competition, "The X Factor". Additionally, Carey performed it live at the American Music Awards, held on November 23, 2008. The song's accompanying music video was filmed by Carey's husband, Nick Cannon, and features Carey as a dancer in a Las Vegas show at the The Bellagio Hotel and Casino Resort. Additionally, during the show and its preparations, Carey realizes that her ex-lover has found love with one of her fellow dancers, leading her to blow up the car he gave her, as well as its accompaniments in the Mojave Desert.
Background and composition.
"I Stay in Love" was written by Carey, Bryan-Michael Cox, Adonis Shropshire, Kendrick Dean and produced by Carey alongside Cox. The vocals were recorded by Brian Garten at Stone Groove Studios in New York City and the final mixing was completed by Phil Tan. In an interview with Ed Lover of the radio station Power 105 in New York City, Carey said that the song was one of her favorites from the album and that its vocals were recorded within a day. Following the under-performance of the third single "I'll Be Lovin' U Long Time", the song was chosen as the fourth single from Carey's eleventh studio album, "E=MC²". It was sent to mainstream, rhythmic and urban radios on October 28, 2008. A remix single was issued on December 16, 2008. "I Stay in Love" is a mid-tempo "beat-driven" and "piano-laced" ballad, that draws influence from pop and R&B music genres.
The song's instrumentation is derived from a piano melody, and is backed by a strong computerized drum-beat. It is composed in the key of Db Major, with Carey's vocals spanning from the low note of Db3 to the high note of Gb5. The song features a "double voice" effect during its final chorus, where Carey's normal singing tone throughout the rest of the song is combined with her highered pitch. She raises the pitch one octave, and layers it over her normal tone. Lyrically, the song finds Carey getting "her cry on with the connect-the-dots break-up track." She describes the old time she shared with her lover. She also admits that even though they did attempt to save their relationship, and that she knows that it is definitely over, she still "stays in love with him".
Reception.
Critical reception.
"I Stay in Love" garnered generally positive reviews from music critics. Many complimented the song's piano-driven melody, as well as Carey's vocals, while some felt it was too similar to her previous single, "We Belong Together" (2005). In his review of "E=MC²", Kevin O'Hare of "The Republican" wrote that Carey "shines" on the song, while Fox News' Roger Friedman described it as "a killer ballad." "People"s Chuck Arnold named it the best ballad on the album, calling it "pretty". The "Houston Chronicle"s writer Joey Guerra described the single as a "gently grooving ballad that Janet Jackson should be recording instead of wasting her time on tired sex clichés", while commenting, "It's doubtful, however, that Jackson could reach the notes Carey effortlessly hits at the end of the song". Richard Cromelin from the "Los Angeles Times" highlighted Carey's raw form of singing on the track, writing, "its unadorned, and her voice is almost leathery in the lower notes. It's not flattering, but it rings true emotionally."
Michael Slezak from "Entertainment Weekly" wrote that the song is "a slower, less addictive variation" of "We Belong Together". "Newsday" critic, Glenn Gamboa, also called it a "We Belong Together-sh ballad". In separate reviews of the song, both David Balls and Nick Levine of Digital Spy also compared the song to Carey's "We Belong Together"; the former rated "I Stay in Love" three out of five stars, and wrote, "It may not be the most original of songs, but Carey's emotion-packed vocals make this a pleasant treat after some vacuous recent offerings." Freedom De Luc from "The Washington Post" described the song as an "emotive ballad", while Nekesa Mumbi Moody from "Foster's Daily Democrat" noted "it could have been recorded in her early '90s heyday — except it's not as saccharine as some of her early work". However, Evan Sawdey of PopMatters described it as one of the album's "worst songs".
Chart performance.
"I Stay in Love" debuted at number 97 on the "Billboard" Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs, issue dated November 15, 2008, and later peaked at number 81. The song remained on the chart for a total of ten weeks. "I Stay in Love" debuted at number 95 on the "Billboard" Pop 100 and peaked at number 94. The track was the hot shot debut on "Billboard"'s Hot Dance Club Play on December 27, 2008, opening at number 45. It reached the summit of the chart for the week ending February 14, 2009, and hence became Carey's 14th number one song on that chart. "I Stay in Love" remained on the chart for fourteen weeks. The song debuted and peaked at number 95 on the UK Singles Chart for the week ending November 22, 2008, and spent only one week on the chart.
Music video.
Background.
Directed by Carey's husband Nick Cannon, the music video for "I Stay in Love" was filmed in Las Vegas, Nevada, using a story line that Cannon and Carey co-wrote. Carey filmed the video on October 5, at The Bank Nightclub of The Bellagio Hotel and Casino Resort, and in the Mojave Desert on October 6, 2008. In an interview with Ryan Seacrest, Cannon spoke about the video and said that there is a scene where Carey is in bed with a man (played by Andrew Karelis), and that "Mariah plays the showgirl and there's a guy who cheated and there's flashbacks...". The music video for "I Stay In Love" was featured on BET's "Access Granted" for a behind-the-scenes look and a world premiere on October 27, 2008. The entire video was shown every hour on BET until October 28, 2008. "I Stay in Love" music video peaked at #16 on Billboard's Hot Videoclip Tracks chart.
Synopsis.
The video, black-and-white, begins with Carey parking her antique automobile in desert. She gets out, with customized black boots with an 'M' on them, and as, she walks towards the camera, the vehicle explodes. As the music begins and the scene shifts to another where Carey applying her eye make-up and earrings. As a form of product placement, her fragrance is shown on a dresser in her Boudoir. As Carey finishes getting ready, scenery of Las Vegas is shown, before shifting to Carey, now dressed as a Vegas performer. As she walks down a runway dressed in white garments ad feathers, she catches the attention of a man. He turns out to be Carey's ex-lover, who in turn came to the show to meet with one of Carey's fellow dancers. As he caresses the female in the dressing room, Carey sees them, and walks by them, bumping into him purposely. Additional scenes are shown of Carey laying alone on the dark runway, apparently after the show has finished, as well as preparing herself for the show. During the second verse, the video then shows Carey driving down a highway in the desert, and as she drives, past memories of the pair are shown, holding each other intimately in a bed. She then pushes old gifts he had given her into the passengers seat, and pulls over the car, continuing the scene from the beginning of the video. After the car explodes, Carey tears off her necklace in despair, and begins to flail her arms in desperation. The video ends with Carey back at the show in Vegas during the finale, as glitter drops from the top of the stage. Carey, now back in the desert, looks for another ride, and gets into a black Cadillac Escalade driven by Nick Cannon.
Reception and "Luscious Pink" commercial.
Nick Levine from Digital Spy complimented the video, commenting that it managed "to be both ridiculous and a little bit moving - quite an achievement." "Entertainment Weekly" writer Michael Slezak described Carey's boots as "hot", and considered the cinematography of the music video "gorgeous". He also complimented several aspects of the video, saying, "Mariah’s bod looks totally smokin’, even if her entire wardrobe should be donated to a charity benefiting teenage strumpets and/or truck-stop hookers. Also: That Wentworth Miller 2.0 ain’t hard on the eyes, either (in reference to the man who played her love interest in "We Belong Together").
The commercial for Carey's "Luscious Pink" fragrance uses part of the "I Stay in Love" music video, with a clip of the song used as audio. The short clip shows Carey getting ready for the Vegas show, by applying her make-up and lipstick, and also applying the fragrance on her neck and cleavage. The release published on Carey's official website described the concept of the commercial as "a combination of Mariah's two passions - music and fragrance."
Live performances.
Due to promotion for "E=MC²" and the single, Carey was featured as a guest judge and musical act on the fifth series of the popular British talent competition, "The X Factor". During that week, all the contestants would have to sing songs from Carey's catalog. Prior to her arrival, one of the show's judges Dannii Minogue said "Could it get any more nerve-wracking for the contestants?", due to the general strenuous nature of Carey's songs. Before any of the performances by the finalists, Carey performed "I Stay in Love", accompanied by three background vocalists. She received a standing ovation from the audience and judges, and continued backstage for a taped session with the contestants. At the end of the program, she performed her classic "Hero" (1993), and was eventually joined by the finalists for the finale of the song. "Hero" was re-recorded by the 2008 UK X Factor finalists and released as a single, becoming the second best-selling single of 2008 in the United Kingdom. According to reports, the episode gained a large increase in viewers due to Carey's presence, and was able to surpass its long-time rival program, "Strictly Come Dancing", in the ratings. Carey also made an appearance at the American Music Awards of 2008 on November 23, at the Nokia Theatre. Wearing a long black gown, she performed the song after receiving an honorary award for her achievements in music. Chris Harris from MTV News described it as a "riveting performance".
Track listings and formats.
Japanese 12" Vinyl Single
Switzerland Promo Single
Credits and personnel.
Credits for "I Stay in Love" adapted from the "E=MC²" liner notes.

</doc>
<doc id="19435683" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19435683" title="Peragallo Pipe Organ Company">
Peragallo Pipe Organ Company

The Peragallo Pipe Organ Company of Paterson, New Jersey was founded in 1918 by John Peragallo, Sr, who, prior to founding the company, apprenticed with the E.M. Skinner Organ Company (now Aeolian-Skinner). A family company, Peragallo Pipe Organ Company was run by Peragallo, Sr., and then by John Peragallo Jr. until his death in 2008.
The company builds, tunes, and repairs pipe organs, and is notable for being the curator of the organ at St. Patrick's Cathedral, New York, as well as the Church of St. Paul the Apostle, and St. Barnabas' Church (Bronx, New York)

</doc>
<doc id="19435697" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19435697" title="It Should've Happened a Long Time Ago">
It Should've Happened a Long Time Ago

"It Should've Happened a Long Time Ago" is an album by Paul Motian on the ECM label. It was released in 1985 and features performances by Motian with Bill Frisell and Joe Lovano and is the first album to feature the trio following three albums where they formed the basis of a quintet; "Jack of Clubs" (1985), "The Story of Maryam" (1983), and "Psalm" (1981).
Reception.
The Allmusic review by Thom Jurek awarded the album 4½ stars stating "This is one of the finest recordings that came from ECM in the '80s. Paul Bley led another, which featured Motian and Frisell -- as well as John Surman. This set is made of the kind of music that made Manfred Eicher's ECM such a force to be reckoned with. It placed three musicians in a context that was comfortable enough to make them want to sing to one another.".

</doc>
<doc id="19435699" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19435699" title="Ransome Gillett Holdridge">
Ransome Gillett Holdridge

Ransome Gillett Holdridge (1836 - 1899) was an early San Francisco school painter, specializing in Northern California landscapes.
Biography.
Holdridge was born in New York City (or possibly London, England) in 1836, and moved to the San Francisco Bay Area in the late 1850s, where he became head draughtsman at Mare Island Naval Yard. In 1874, with the assistance of friends and patrons, he moved to Paris for two years where he studied painting and traveled around Europe. On his return, he gained a reputation as a leading landscape artist, traveling through the Western United States from Utah and the Rocky Mountains, to Oregon and the Sierra Mountains, to Yosemite and to the San Francisco Bay Area, often living with local Native American tribes.
He may have been a founder of the Bohemian Club of San Francisco, and was an early member of that association. He helped organize the San Francisco Art Association and was friends with Charles Warren Stoddard and Robert Louis Stevenson. After achieving fame, he attained some wealth, which he subsequently squandered on drink. He died destitute, on or around April 15, 1899.
There are claims that Holdridge served as a field artist for Scribner's or was present at Major Reno's actions at Custer's Last Stand, but these claims are disputed.
Career.
Holdridge was recognized as a great painter during his life. His paintings are in the permanent collections of many museums, particularly those specializing in California artists. His works are (or have been) displayed in the Shumate Collection of the Oakland Museum of California, the De Young Museum, the Hart Collection at the Sonoma County Museum, the Utah Museum of Fine Arts, Sacramento's Crocker Museum, Society of California Pioneers, Bohemian Club, University of California Berkeley's Bancroft Library, Prescott, Arizona's Phippen Museum of Western Art, The Colorado Heritage Center at the Colorado Historical Society in Denver, Colorado, Reno's Sierra Nevada Museum, Chrysler Museum of Art in Norfolk, Virginia, Hearst Art Gallery at Saint Mary's College of California, Jack S Blanton Museum of Art, Oregon Historical Society in Portland, Oregon, and Rockwell Museum of Western Art in Corning, NY.
Prior to his studies in Europe, Holdridge painted in the Hudson River School style of realism, and signed his works with the surname spelled "Holdridge". In Europe, he developed a romantic style evocative of the Barbizon School, and began spelling his surname as "Holdredge".

</doc>
<doc id="19435712" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19435712" title="A Little Like Drowning">
A Little Like Drowning

A Little Like Drowning is the first film Anthony Minghella directed. This 55-minute feature film was shot on the Isle of Wight in 1977 and completed in 15 days.

</doc>
<doc id="19435717" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19435717" title="Radúz Činčera">
Radúz Činčera

Radúz Činčera (June 17, 1923, Brno – January 28, 1999, Prague) was a Czech screenwriter and director, the conceiver of the legendary Kinoautomat.
Career.
Most of his life he was working in the Krátký film Praha (The Short Film of Prague) movie studio where he was author and director of a row of short documentary films. 
Nevertheless his most famous work is the "Kinoautomat" the world's first interactive movie, for the Czechoslovak Pavilion at Expo '67 in Montreal.
Another big project of Radúz Činčera was "The Sound Game Show" at the "Man and His World" exhibition in Montreal in 1971. He had also astonished the world audience with his audio-visual projects in Kobe, Japan and in Vancouver, Canada. 
In the second half of the 1980s his multimedial music inscenation of the rock opera "The Scroll" had been extremely successful in Canada.
Like so many of the Czech artists Radúz Činčera too was banned to direct films and act in public after the Russian takeover of Czechoslovakia in 1968.

</doc>
<doc id="19435748" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19435748" title="András Kaj">
András Kaj

András Kaj (born 21 December 1977) is a Hungarian football player who currently plays for SC Pinkafeld in Austria.
Professional career.
Kaj has made over 100 appearances in the Hungarian First Division. He began his playing career in the lower division of Hungarian football, and after a brief spell in Austria, he made his Hungarian First Division debut at the age of 22 playing for Szombathelyi Haladás in a match against Kivpest Honvéd on 6 August 1999.
Kaj would spent the next five seasons with Haladás until the club went bankrupt. Subsequently, he moved to Zalaegerszegi TE, but after two seasons, he would return to Haladás to help the club back into the top flight by winning the 2007–08 Hungarian Second Division championship.
Honours.
Hungarian Second Division: <br> Winner: 2008

</doc>
<doc id="19435781" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19435781" title="Solar Collector (sculpture)">
Solar Collector (sculpture)

Solar Collector is an interactive light art installation in Cambridge, Ontario, Canada. It was commissioned by the Region of Waterloo and designed by Gorbet Design Inc. The sculpture consists of twelve aluminum shafts lined with solar panels and high-intensity LEDs. Each shaft is arranged to optimize its exposure to the sun at a particular time of year. The shortest, most acutely angled shaft is perpendicular to the sun at the Summer solstice (June 21) and the tallest shaft is perpendicular to the sun at the Winter solstice (December 21). Energy collected and stored during the day powers a nightly show. The general public interacts with the sculpture via its website where they design patterns and routines for the LEDs which are combined to create the nightly shows.

</doc>
<doc id="19435816" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19435816" title="Kick in the Eye EP">
Kick in the Eye EP

Kick in the Eye EP (also known as Searching for Satori EP and Kick in the Eye (Searching for Satori)) is an EP released by the British band Bauhaus. It was released in February 1982 and reached number 45 on the UK Singles Chart.
Track listing.
All tracks written by Bauhaus.
A rare mis-print of the 12" exists including "Poison Pen" instead of "Harry". The 12" is only recognizable by listening to it as sleeve and vinyl is identical to the normal version.

</doc>
<doc id="19435825" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19435825" title="Jane Oineza">
Jane Oineza

Elizabeth Jane Urbano Oineza (better known as Jane Oineza, born on July 22, 1996) is a Filipina teen actress. She had her start in the fantaserye "Marina", playing the role of young Istah before being a part of the popular kiddie gag show, "Goin’ Bulilit". Jane has been cast several times as the younger version of leading ladies, such as playing the role of young Maningning in "Prinsesa ng Banyera". She is also included in the feature film entitled "Bakit Papa?". She is also known as the sister of Noemi Oineza(mainstay of Goin' Bulilit).
She became more famous because of "Kung Fu Kids", the first locally produced live-action fantasy series which tell the story of seven kids of different personalities united by a prophecy. In this fantaserye, she played the role of Moira, one of the seven (later became eight) Kung Fu Kids. In this series, she has the ability of ""pambabarang"" because she adopted the power of Crispin,a "mambabarang". Through this power she can summon and control frogs. Also, Moira was the half-sister of Benjo, which was played by Kristofer Dangculos. At first, Moira did not consider Benjo as her brother until later on which eventually changed their bonding and friendship into a more stronger one.
Was paired with young actor Kristofer Dangculos. They already became co-stars in some ABS-CBN programs like "Prinsesa ng Banyera", "Kung Fu Kids", and now in "Ligaw na Bulaklak". She recently graduated from Goin' Bulilit.
Jane Oineza is the older daughter of Jennifer Urbano Oineza and Erwin Oineza, for her very young age, she started to do a movie called "Bakit Papa" as one of the Power puff girls yet became one of the starring role in Kung Fu Kids, which has the highest ranking in 2008. She currently graduated from Goin bulilit and her Sister, Noemi Oineza is the one who's gonna take her steps and be the second Jane Oineza. Jane, also has a little Brother named Charles Oineza (months old)
She's also under of ABS-CBN's talent management Star Magic circle 2013 together with Janella Salvador, Jerome Ponce, Julia Barretto, Khalil Ramos, Liza Soberano, Kit Thompson,Ingrid dela Paz,Jon Lucas,Alexander Diaz and Julian Estrada.

</doc>
<doc id="19435857" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19435857" title="Hong Kong Export Credit Insurance Corporation">
Hong Kong Export Credit Insurance Corporation

The Hong Kong Export Credit Insurance Corporation was established in 1966 under the Hong Kong Export Credit Insurance Corporation Ordinance (Chapter 1115). It was created by statute with the aim of encouraging and supporting export trade by providing Hong Kong exporters with insurance protection against non-payment risks arising from commercial and political events. Its contingent liability under contracts of insurance is guaranteed by the Government of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region, with the statutory maximum liability currently standing at $40 billion. The Corporation is required to operate in accordance with the requirements laid down in the Hong Kong Export Credit Insurance Corporation Ordinance and to pursue a policy directed towards securing revenue sufficient to meet all expenditure properly chargeable to its revenue account.

</doc>
<doc id="19435866" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19435866" title="Marotrao Kannamwar">
Marotrao Kannamwar

Marotrao Shambshio Kannamwar was an Indian politician who served as Chief Minister of Maharashtra from 20 November 1962 to 24 November 1963.
He represent Saoli Vidhan Sabha constituency in Bombay State in 1957 and of the Maharashtra State from 1960–1962.
. He was re-elected fron Saoli in 1962 elections to the Maharashtra Vidhan Sabha.
He died while in office on 24 November 1963.

</doc>
<doc id="19435939" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19435939" title="1954–55 FA Cup">
1954–55 FA Cup

The 1954–55 FA Cup was the 74th season of the world's oldest football cup competition, the Football Association Challenge Cup, commonly known as the FA Cup. Newcastle United won the competition for the sixth and, as of 2010, final time, beating Manchester City 3–1 in the final at Wembley.
Matches were scheduled to be played at the stadium of the team named first on the date specified for each round, which was always a Saturday. Some matches, however, might be rescheduled for other days if there were clashes with games for other competitions or the weather was inclement. If scores were level after 90 minutes had been played, a replay would take place at the stadium of the second-named team later the same week. If the replayed match was drawn further replays would be held until a winner was determined. If scores were level after 90 minutes had been played in a replay, a 30-minute period of extra time would be played.
First round proper.
At this stage clubs from the Football League Third Division North and South joined those non-league clubs having come through the qualifying rounds. Matches were scheduled to be played on Saturday, 20 November 1954. Seven were drawn and went to replays, with one of these going to a second replay.
Second Round Proper.
The matches were scheduled for Saturday, 11 December 1954. Four matches were drawn, with replays taking place later the same week.
Third round proper.
The 44 First and Second Division clubs entered the competition at this stage. The matches were scheduled for Saturday, 8 January 1955. Ten matches were drawn and went to replays, with three of these requiring a second replay. Notable is tie no. 3, between Bury and Stoke City, which went to "four" replays before Stoke won in the final game, with an aggregated score of 9–10.
Fourth Round Proper.
The matches were scheduled for Saturday, 29 January 1955, with two matches taking place on later dates. Four matches were drawn and went to replays, which were all played in the following midweek match. Once again, there was a tie which went to four replays, this time between Doncaster Rovers and Aston Villa. Rovers finally won the fixture in the fifth match, with an aggregated score of 6–4.
Fifth Round Proper.
The matches were scheduled for Saturday, 19 February 1955. Two matches went to replays in the following mid-week fixture, with the Nottingham Forest–Newcastle United match requiring a second replay to settle it in favour of United.
Sixth Round Proper.
The four quarter-final ties were scheduled to be played on Saturday, 12 March 1955. The Newcastle United–Huddersfield Town game went to a replay before United went through.
Semi-Finals.
The semi-final matches were played on Saturday, 26 March 1955, with the Newcastle United–York City match replaying on the 30th. Newcastle and Manchester City won their ties to meet in the final at Wembley.
Final.
The 1955 FA Cup Final was contested by Newcastle United and Manchester City at Wembley. Newcastle won 3–1, with goals from Jackie Milburn in the first minute (after 45 seconds, setting a new record in a final at Wembley, which was held until 1997), Bobby Mitchell and George Hannah. Bobby Johnstone scored City's goal.

</doc>
<doc id="19435990" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19435990" title="Sergey Golovanov">
Sergey Golovanov

Sergey Vladimirovich Golovanov (; born 25 July 1968 in Saransk, Republic of Mordovia) is a Russian Catholic priest of the Byzantine Rite.
Biography.
He was born in a Russian intellectual agnostic family. His father Vladimir was a Doctor of Technical Science and lecturer in Mordovian State University. Sergey was baptized in the village Sivin (Krasnoslobodkiy area of Mordovia) by his Russian Orthodox grandmother in 1973. It was an era marked by Communist ideas opposed to religion. He left secondary school № 33 in 1985 and worked as a turner at an engineering plant in Saransk.
In 1986-1988 he served as a soldier in a regiment of the Soviet Armed Forces near Khabarovsk. In 1988 he entered the preparation department of Mordovian State University. In 1989 he entered the History faculty of the university and specialized in Finno-Ugric ethnography. 
In 1988 he came to Orthodox Christianity and attended services in the Orthodox St. John Cathedral of Saransk. In 1990 he studied catechism under the direction of the Vicar Fr. Andrey Udovenko. At the end of 1990, Fr. Udovenko left Russian Orthodoxy and converted to Catholicism of the Byzantine rite. In January 1991 he called Golovanov to follow him, and confirmed him. 
In February 1992 after a long process of spiritual conflicts in relation to his former denomination, Golovanov went to Ukraine, where he met Ukrainian Catholic bishop Iriney Bilyk OSBM, who showed him the importance of two Eastern hierarchs - Ukrainian Catholic Metropolitan bishop Andrey Sheptytsky and the Russian Catholic Exarch Leonid Feodorov. Both were interested in the reconciliation of Roman Catholicism and Russian Orthodoxy.
In May 1992 he married a music teacher, Iryna, and at the same year was invited to help in pastoral work for worshipers belonging to the Byzantine Rite in Siberia by Roman Catholic missionary Fr. Joseph Swidnitsky.
In 1993 he was visiting young scholar at the Institute for Russian and East European Studies in Helsinki. In 1992-1994 he studied Catholic theology at the Theological faculty of Ivano-Frankivsk Theology Catechetical Institute of the Ukrainian Greek Catholic Church in Ivano-Frankivsk (Ukraine). Golovanov was ordained a Catholic priest of the Byzantine rite in 1994 by Ukrainian Catholic bishop Sofron Dmyterko, OSBM and directed to Siberia with mission on Fr. Swidnitsky's invitation. 
From September 1994, he worked as a missionary priest for Ukrainian Catholics in Western Siberia with residence in Sargatskoe (village belonged to Omsk Oblast). 
In October, 1995 he founded mission in Omsk for traditional Ukrainian Catholics of the Byzantine rite, who live in Russia as a result of the deportations after World War II. After evaluation period he was recognized in February 1997 by the Roman Catholic Bishop of Novosibirsk, Joseph Werth SJ, and named vicar in 1997, responsible by Latin and Byzantine Catholics in northern part of Omsk Oblast. Then he was named visitor for Byzantine Catholics over Siberia in 1998, dean of Omsk Roman Catholic deanery in 1999, member of Board of Priests in 2001, and rector of Latin and Byzantine churches in 2004.
In 2001 he undertook further studies in Catholic theology and the history of the Church at the Catholic University in Eichstaett (Germany). He began the research project "“The prosopology of famous Byzantine women in the Paleolog period, 13th-15th centuries”" under the supervision of Prof. Johannes Hofmann. 
From 2001-2005 he realized the research project "“A History of the Russian Catholic Apostolate outside the USSR in 1922-1991”". 
From 2000-2006 he worked as an educational specialist and head of department in the Catholic relief organization “Caritas” in Omsk.
In August 2004 he, together with 4 colleagues, appealed to the Holy See to reestablish the Russian Catholic Exarchate which has been vacant since 1951.
In December 2004, Pope John Paul II appointed Roman Catholic Bishop Joseph Werth SJ as the Ordinary for Byzantine Catholics in Russia, who dismissed Golovanov from his duty in Roman Catholic diocese of Novosibirsk. 
At the end 2005, Golovanov was dismissed from all pastoral work in Russia by Bishop Werth SJ and worked as a journalist and translator. From 2006-2007, he worked as a security watchman in a private security company.
Since June 2007 he served as an archivist and chaplain in the Diocesan Office of the Roman Catholic Diocese in Novosibirsk, under Bishop Joseph Werth, SJ. Since October he is a visiting researcher at the Institute of Philosophy and Law at the Siberian Branch of the Russian Academy of Sciences in Novosibirsk. He works at his PhD degree thesis, "“The eschatology of Gregory the Great according to his Moralia in Hiob”", under the supervision of Prof. Eugene Afonasin. In August 2009 he took part in the 5th Russian Philosophy Congress in Novosibisk.
On June 30, 2009 he was dismissed from his office by Bishop Werth and called from Russia by authorities of the Ukrainian Greek Catholic Church (UGCC). Now he lives in Omsk and translates the liturgical works of Fr. Robert Taft SJ. 
Up to now he tries to reestablish the Russian Catholic Exarchate, vacant since 1951.
Family.
Father Golovanov is successfully married to a former teacher, Irina. They have two daughters and two sons.

</doc>
<doc id="19436000" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19436000" title="Dorian Gray (Bourne)">
Dorian Gray (Bourne)

Matthew Bourne's "Dorian Gray" is a contemporary dance adaptation of Oscar Wilde's novel, The Picture of Dorian Gray, by choreographer Matthew Bourne. The show made its debut in August 2008 at the Edinburgh International Festival and transferred to Sadler's Wells Theatre in London in September 2008. The music was composed by Terry Davies for a rock quintet directed from the keyboard. The set and costumes were designed by Lez Brotherston.
Modern setting.
Various changes are made to the story, which Bourne sets in the modern fashion industry. In this setting, Dorian Gray is a model for a perfume promotion rather than the wealthy socialite of the original text. A billboard poster for the advertising campaign takes the place of the eponymous portrait, whilst Gray's mentor Lord Henry is replaced by the alluring Lady Henrietta. Cyril, a male ballet dancer, replaces Sybil, the actress who catches Dorian's eye in Wilde's novel. In an interview with the "Sunday Times", Bourne explained the relevance of the subject matter to a 21st-century audience: "The obsession with youth and wanting to look young has never been a bigger issue. And I’m interested in what happens to people when the camera is turned on them. People you wouldn’t look at suddenly become fascinating." 
Critical reception.
"Dorian Gray"'s run at the Edinburgh International Festival sold over 11,000 tickets, making it the biggest selling dance event in the festival's history. 
Reviewers have generally praised the imaginative choreography, costume changes and staging.

</doc>
<doc id="19436100" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19436100" title="Robert O. Briggs">
Robert O. Briggs

Robert Orlando Briggs was the longtime director of the University of California Marching Band. He was the fourth full-time director since the founding of the band in 1891. 
Briggs was born in Modesto, California on Aug. 20, 1927, the great-grandson of pioneer James Briggs, who cofounded the town. He graduated from Modesto High School and briefly attended Modesto Junior College before entering University of California, Berkeley in 1947. Briggs joined the Cal Band, played the cornet and took up the french horn. After graduating with a bachelor's degree in music in 1951, he joined the U.S. Army and served in the Korean War, joining U.S. Army bands at Fort Ord, Monterey, CA and Okinawa, Japan. Later, he earned a master's degree in music from San Francisco State University.
After his military service, he landed the post of band director of Armijo High School in Fairfield, CA which he held until 1967 when he returned to Cal to assist Cal Band director James Berdahl. When Berdahl took a leave of absence in 1971, Briggs filled in as acting director before being officially appointed Cal Band director in 1973.
Briggs served as the director of bands at UC Berkeley until his retirement in 1995 and was succeeded in the position by Robert Calonico. His retirement was spent starting the "Solano Winds", a local community concert band in Fairfield. He died on September 17, 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19436102" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19436102" title="Mike Dillon (footballer)">
Mike Dillon (footballer)

Mike Dillon (born 29 September 1952 in Highgate) is a former professional footballer who played for Tottenham Hotspur, Millwall, Swindon, Montreal Olympique, New York Cosmos, Washington Diplomats and represented England at schoolboy and youth level.
Football career.
Dillon joined Tottenham Hotspur as an apprentice in December 1969. A central defender he played 29 times in all competitions including three as a substitute and scored one goal between 1972–1974. The highlight of Dillon's career at Spurs was a substitute appearance in the First leg of the 1974 UEFA Cup Final against Feyenoord at White Hart Lane. In December 1974 he joined Millwall in a loan deal and went on to make four appearances for the club before joining Swindon on loan in March 1975 where he featured in nine matches including two as sub.
Dillon had three spells in the North American Soccer League (NASL). In 1972 with Montreal Olympique, between 1975-77 he played for New York Cosmos and finally at Washington Diplomats in 1978–79. 
During the Autumn of 1977, Mike Dillon joined his brother Tommy at Isthmian League side Cheshunt on loan where he faced former Spurs team-mate Jimmy Greaves, then playing for Barnet during a Herts Senior Cup tie before returning to America.
After football.
Today, Dillon owns a post office in the village of Moulton close to the Cambridgeshire–Suffolk border.

</doc>
<doc id="19436109" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19436109" title="Earth observation satellites transmission frequencies">
Earth observation satellites transmission frequencies

The earth is constantly being monitored by a great number earth observation satellites. These artificial satellites have onboard sensors from which they gather data. The data is transmitted back to earth via radio frequency. This article lists a number of current active earth observation satellites and their downlink transmission frequencies.

</doc>
<doc id="19436112" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19436112" title="4AD (EP)">
4AD (EP)

4AD is a compilation EP released by the British band Bauhaus. It was released in October 1983 by 4AD and comprises three singles and three b-sides from those singles.

</doc>
<doc id="19436124" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19436124" title="Chris Egan">
Chris Egan

Chris Egan may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19436146" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19436146" title="1953–54 FA Cup">
1953–54 FA Cup

The 1953–54 FA Cup was the 73rd staging of the world's oldest football cup competition, the Football Association Challenge Cup, commonly known as the FA Cup. West Bromwich Albion won the competition for the fourth time, beating Preston North End 3–2 in the final at Wembley.
Matches were scheduled to be played at the stadium of the team named first on the date specified for each round, which was always a Saturday. Some matches, however, might be rescheduled for other days if there were clashes with games for other competitions or the weather was inclement. If scores were level after 90 minutes had been played, a replay would take place at the stadium of the second-named team later the same week. If the replayed match was drawn further replays would be held until a winner was determined. If scores were level after 90 minutes had been played in a replay, a 30-minute period of extra time would be played.
First round proper.
At this stage clubs from the Football League Third Division North and South joined those non-league clubs having come through the qualifying rounds. Matches were scheduled to be played on Saturday, 21 November 1953. Seven were drawn and went to replays.
Second Round Proper.
The matches were scheduled for Saturday, 12 December 1953. Eight matches were drawn, with replays taking place later the same week. The Wrexham–Brighton & Hove Albion match went to a second replay, which finished in Wrexham's favour.
Third round proper.
The 44 First and Second Division clubs entered the competition at this stage. The matches were scheduled for Saturday, 9 January 1954. Fifteen matches were drawn and went to replays, with three of these requiring a second replay. The Blackpool–Luton Town match then went to a third replay, which was won by Blackpool.
Fourth round proper.
The matches were scheduled for Saturday, 30 January 1954, with two matches taking place on later dates. Six matches were drawn and went to replays, which were all played in the following midweek match. The Scunthorpe United–Portsmouth match went to a second replay.
Fifth round proper.
The matches were scheduled for Saturday, 20 February 1954. Two matches went to replays in the following mid-week fixture.
Sixth round proper.
The four quarter-final ties were scheduled to be played on Saturday, 13 March 1954. Two matches went to replays, with the Leicester City–Preston North End match going to a second replay.
Semi finals.
The semi-final matches were played on Saturday, 27 March 1954. Preston North End and West Bromwich Albion won their ties to meet in the final at Wembley.
Final.
The 1954 FA Cup Final was contested by West Bromwich Albion and Preston North End at Wembley. West Brom won 3–2, with goals from Ronnie Allen (2) and Frank Griffin. Angus Morrison and Charlie Wayman scored for Preston.

</doc>
<doc id="19436166" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19436166" title="Karri Sriram">
Karri Sriram

Sriram Karri (born 1973) is an English-language novelist, writer and columnist. His first book, The Spiritual Supermarket, was published by Mosaic Books for the Indian sub-continent in 2007. It was longlisted for the Vodafone Crossword Book Award, (Non-Fiction), in 2008. His first novel, The Autobiography of a Mad Nation, was longlisted for the MAN Asian Literary Prize in 2009.
Biography.
Early life and education.
Sriram Karri was born in October 1973 in Bilaspur, Madhya Pradesh (now part of Chattisgarh).
He did his schooling from the South Eastern Railway (English Medium) School at Bilaspur, when a national scholarship conducted by the Ministry of Human Resources Development took him to Daly College as a Government Scholar. He was selected for the National Defence Academy (88th course, 5th rank in UPSC topper's list for Air Force). He could not join the NDA owing to a medical problem. He completed his graduation in arts from the BVK Degree College in Visakhapatnam, Andhra Pradesh, in History, Economic and Political Sciences.
Career.
Starting his career as a journalist, he worked with "The Indian Express", the Business Publication Division (BPD) of the Indian Express Group and "The Deccan Chronicle". He has been a columnist for "The Hindu"' and wrote a fortnightly column, "Sedition and Perdition", for "The New Indian Express". He has contributed to the Comment is Free section of the "The Guardian" and currently writers for the India Ink blogs at "The New York Times".
As a full-time journalist, he was among the earliest scribes in India to focus on writing on Information Technology, Software, Web, IT Education, and handling websites for a news publication. He also wrote extensively on other subjects including civic matters, public interest, social trends, political analysis, city life, education and careers, satire, and reviewed books and movies.
After he quit full-time journalism, he moved to a corporate career and handled communications, strategy and branding of leading IT corporations including Infosys, Tata Consultancy Services, Magnaquest Technologies and Satyam Computer Services. He was part of the communications team of the Indian School of Business, where, as an associate editor, he brought out the school's magazine, "Insight".

</doc>
<doc id="19436174" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19436174" title="Mera Pind">
Mera Pind

Mera Pind (English: "My village") is a Punjabi film released on 20 September 2008, directed and produced Manmohan Singh. The film stars Harbhajan Mann, Navjot Singh Sidhu, Kimi Verma and Gurpreet Ghuggi.
Plot.
Mera Pind is the story of a well-to-do Non-resident Indian Navroz Singh Lamba, who is played by Navjot Sidhu, who has chosen to settle in his native village and spread the message of empowerment and entrepreneurship among the village youth. Led by Himmat, played by Harbhajan Maan, the youth set off a revolution in the development of the village. The story inspires Punjabis who are increasingly opting to settle abroad, to undertake business in their own villages and cities. Mera Pind also includes a story of a young man seeking his love but has been shielded from the father of the woman he loves.
Box office.
"Mera Pind" was successful at the box office, both domestically and overseas. In Punjab it broke the record of the highest opening for a Punjabi film, grossing 50 lakhs over its first weekend. Overseas the film had a limited release but did "extraordinary" business as it grossed 55 lakhs in the United Kingdom, 75 lakhs in North America and broke another record for the three day total grossing 1.55 crore nett from just 25 prints. The film grossed a worldwide total of 2.75 crore nett from two weeks and was declared a Blockbuster.

</doc>
<doc id="19436176" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19436176" title="Cavill Heugh">
Cavill Heugh

Cavill Heugh is an Australian former professional rugby league footballer of the 1980s and 90s. A prop forward, he played in the Brisbane Rugby League premiership for Easts, winning the Rothmans Medal with them in 1984. The following year he made his State of Origin debut for the Maroons from the bench. The year after that he was selected in Queensland's run-on side. 
Cavill Heugh joined Halifax RLFC in September 1985 for the 1985-86 season and played 29 games in all competitions as Halifax won the Rugby Football League Championship. He scored 7 tries and 12 goals in league games plus 1 try and 6 goals in a Yorkshire Cup match against Huddersfield. 
In 1987 Heugh joined the Illawarra Steelers in the New South Wales Rugby League premiership, playing with them for three seasons from 1987 to 1989. He then moved to England where he played for Barrow (1988–89), Leeds (1989–92), Rochdale Hornets (1992–93) and London Broncos (1993–95).

</doc>
<doc id="19436191" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19436191" title="James Knaggs">
James Knaggs

Commissioner James M. Knaggs (born December 5, 1950, in the USA) is the Territorial Commander of The Salvation Army, USA Western Territory.
Officership.
Date of Commissioning: December 6, 1976Session Name: "The Overcomers"
James Knaggs was commissioned as a Salvation Army Officer in 1976, in the USA Eastern Territory. Following a brief appointment at Eastern Pennsylvania and Delaware Divisional Headquarters, he became a Corps Officer with his wife Carolyn.
Following seven years as Corps leaders James and Carolyn were appointed to the Greater New York Division where as Captains, they were appointed as Divisional Youth Secretary and Divisional Corps Cadet Counsellor respectively.
In 1987 James and Carolyn were appointed to the Youth Department at Territorial Headquarters. In 1989 they returned to the Eastern Pennsylvania and Delaware Division where James became the Divisional Secretary and Divisional Men’s Fellowship Secretary and Carolyn was appointed as Divisional League of Mercy Secretary.
Following three years at the Divisional Headquarters (DHQ), James was appointed as Territorial Youth Secretary in 1992 and then in 1994 he became Territorial Evangelism and Corps Growth Secretary. During this time, his wife Carolyn had the positions of Territorial Corps Cadets and Junior Soldiers Bureau Director and Territorial Stewardship Bureau Director.
In 1996, as Majors, James became General Secretary for Field Operations at Greater New York Division and Carolyn was appointed as Divisional Director of Volunteers and Current Issues Secretary with additional chaplaincy responsibilities.
As Lieut-Colonels, in 1999, James and Carolyn became the leaders of the Eastern Pennsylvania and Delaware Division as Divisional Commander and Associate Divisional Commander.
Appointments for James and Carolyn (now Colonels) as Territorial Secretary for Personnel and Territorial League of Mercy Secretary in 2000 were soon followed in 2003 with appointments to Chief Secretary and Territorial Secretary for Women’s Ministries; Fellowship of the Silver Star in the USA Eastern Territory.
In June 2006 James and Carolyn were promoted to the rank of Commissioner and appointed as Territorial Commander and Territorial President of Women's Ministries in the Australia Southern Territory.
Jim was innovative in his approach to leadership and communication in the Southern Territory, establishing a large followership on his blog, Twitter and Facebook accounts. Among several significant initiatives was his ambitious "210 in 2010" appeal, whose principal aim was to increase the number of Corps and Mission Centres in the territory dramatically.
"History has shown us and our conviction remains, that starting new corps or local centers for mission is the most effective means of fulfilling the great commission and bringing people to Jesus. Our campaign is called 210 in 2010. By the end of next year we want to have 210 corps."
In July 2010 James and Carolyn began their new appointments as Territorial Commander and Territorial President of Women's Ministries in the USA Western Territory.
On July 29, 2013 James was called to London, UK with other members of The Salvation Army's High Council to elect the next General as worldwide leader of that organization. James was one of six men nominated, one declined to be placed on the ballots. That body elected Andre Cox to be General.Salvation Army Intl. website
Personal life.
Of James and Carolyn, The Salvation Army Australia Southern Territory's Archives and Heritage Museum writes:
Growing up with Salvationists parents The Salvation Army has always been their place of worship. They have a deep love for Jesus and are extremely grateful for the example shown them by their parents and faithful local officers.
They continually desire to intelligently discern what God requires of them and, in Christ’s strength, to enthusiastically follow his plan for them. They passionately want to be used to bring people into God’s kingdom.

</doc>
<doc id="19436197" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19436197" title="Misterioso (Paul Motian album)">
Misterioso (Paul Motian album)

Misterioso is the third album by Paul Motian on the Italian Soul Note label. It was released in 1987 and features performances by Motian with Bill Frisell and Joe Lovano, along with Ed Schuller and Jim Pepper.
Reception.
The Allmusic review by Scott Yanow awarded the album 4½ stars stating "Although often overlooked, drummer Paul Motian led one of the most inventive jazz bands of the mid-1980s. His quintet, which featured the tenors of Joe Lovano and Jim Pepper, guitarist Bill Frisell and bassist Ed Schuller, could play anything from swinging advanced hard bop and Ornette Coleman-type free bop to spacier improvising. An underrated composer, Motian contributed seven of the nine numbers for this date; the quintet also performs Thelonious Monk's "Misterioso" and "Pannonica." Frisell is featured on "Byablue" (which had earlier been recorded by Keith Jarrett); the two tenors (Pepper doubled on soprano) work together quite well, and the band definitely had its own sound. Of its three recordings, this is a strong one to start with.".

</doc>
<doc id="19436231" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19436231" title="Dervorguilla Records">
Dervorguilla Records

Dervorguilla Ltd was a British record label, founded in March 1992, which specialised in Early Music (adventuring also into 20th century chamber music).
It was named in honour of Dervorguilla of Galloway, who founded Balliol College, Oxford in 1263: two of the three founders were at the College when they started the company.
Much of the music was premiere performances of material discovered in the Bodleian Library of Oxford University, and included pieces by Matthew Locke, Jacob Obrecht, André Campra, Edmund Rubbra etc.
The company closed down in 1998, having produced eight releases which sold in small quantities worldwide, excellent reviews having appeared in Gramophone magazine and other publications.
Many of those recordings were the first public presentation of the artists concerned - the Dufay Consort, of whom the leader Gary Cooper, and Robin Blaze have forged strong careers for themselves; the Concordia consort; and the lutenist Lynda Sayce whose first solo recording appeared on the label.
Dervorguilla Ltd is believed to have been the third UK-based record label to sell discs over the World Wide Web.

</doc>
<doc id="19436233" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19436233" title="Győző Burcsa">
Győző Burcsa

Gyõzõ Burcsa (born 13 March 1954 in Kaposvar) is a retired Hungarian football player.
He was a participant in the 1986 FIFA World Cup where Hungary was eliminated in the first round. During that tournament, Gyõzõ played in the Hungary-Canada and the USSR-Hungary matches.
Honours.
UEFA Cup: <br> Runner-up: 1984/85
References.
This article is based on the French version of Wikipedia on :fr:Gyõzõ Burcsa

</doc>
<doc id="19436238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19436238" title="Wendi Henderson">
Wendi Henderson

Wendi Judith Henderson (born 16 July 1971) is an association football player who represented New Zealand at international level.
Henderson made her full Football Ferns debut as a substitute in a 3–0 win over Hawaii on 12 December 1987. She was for a time New Zealand's most capped female player with 64 caps and 16 goals to her credit, before Hayley Moorwood surpassed this total on 19 June 2011.
Henderson represented New Zealand at the Women's World Cup finals in China in 1991, and again in 2008, becoming the first New Zealand player to represent her country in two senior football world cups.

</doc>
<doc id="19436246" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19436246" title="Kevin Strijbos">
Kevin Strijbos

Kevin Strijbos (born 13 August 1985 in Geel) is a Belgian motocross racer competing in the F.I.M. MX1-GP world championship
In 2006, Strijbos finished second in the world championship behind Stefan Everts. He finished second again in 2007, this time behind Steve Ramon. He was part of the victorious Belgian Motocross des Nations team in 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="19436252" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19436252" title="Olav Søfteland">
Olav Søfteland

Olav Søfteland (born 8 November 1937) is a Norwegian civil servant.
Hailing from Søfteland in Os, he is a siv.ing. from the Norwegian Institute of Technology by education. In 1960 he was hired in the Norwegian Directorate of Public Roads, and was eventually promoted to director in 1992. Scheduled to retire as a pensioner in late 2007, he was forced to resign some months early due to the December 2006 Hanekleiv Tunnel scandal.

</doc>
<doc id="19436280" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19436280" title="Swissauto">
Swissauto

Swissauto is an engine company from Burgdorf, Switzerland, best known for the V4 engine used in the, ELF, MuZ and Pulse 500cc Grand Prix motorcycles and World Championship Sidecars. It also has developed one of the most efficient (35%) ICE range extender engines for plug in hybrid electric vehicles.

</doc>
<doc id="19436283" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19436283" title="O. Normann Sand">
O. Normann Sand

Oscar Normann Sand (11 August 1921 - 14 August 1974) is a Norwegian politician for the Labour Party.
He served as a deputy representative to the Norwegian Parliament from Akershus during the term 1965–1969.
On the local level, Sand was mayor of Oppegård municipality from 1956 to 1960.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19436317" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19436317" title="Arne Skaare">
Arne Skaare

Arne Odd Skaare (16 January 1907 - 11 August 1981) was a Norwegian politician for the Conservative Party.
He served as a deputy representative to the Norwegian Parliament from Akershus during the term 1954–1957.
On the local level, Skaare was mayor of Asker municipality from 1956 to 1967.

</doc>
<doc id="19436392" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19436392" title="Jon Fossum">
Jon Fossum

Jon Fossum (23 February 1923 – 10 July 2007) was a Norwegian orienteer and politician for the Conservative Party.
He was born at Hvalstad. In his younger days he was an active sportsman, representing Asker SK. In addition to ski jumping and cross-country skiing, he competed in orienteering. In the latter sport he won five national championships; three of which in relay races with his two brothers.
Fossum was first elected to Asker municipal council in 1963, and was mayor of Asker municipality from 1968 to 1980. He was also a five-term member of Akershus county council. He served as a deputy representative to the Norwegian Parliament from Akershus during the term 1965–1969. During his time as mayor, Asker experienced population growth; also the company Vestfjorden Avløpsselskap was formed.
In 2008 a road at Vakås was named after him.

</doc>
<doc id="19436395" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19436395" title="Gotham City (song)">
Gotham City (song)

"Gotham City" is a song by R&B singer R. Kelly based on the fictional city of the same name. It was featured on the soundtrack to the film, "Batman & Robin", and reached number nine on both the U.S. Billboard Hot 100 and Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs charts. The music video for the song was directed by Hype Williams. A remix version for the song was released with a video also directed by Williams.

</doc>
<doc id="19436422" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19436422" title="Saint Luke (disambiguation)">
Saint Luke (disambiguation)

Saint Luke (also Saint Luc, Sint Lukas, San Luca, San Lucas, ...) is Luke the Evangelist, patron saints of physicians and surgeons, and of artists. Saint Luke and its variants may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19436426" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19436426" title="Snøfrid Skaare">
Snøfrid Skaare

Snøfrid Skaare (born 26 September 1939) is a Norwegian politician for the Conservative Party.
She served as a deputy representative to the Norwegian Parliament from Oppland during the term 1993–1997.
On the local level, Skaare has been a member of Nord-Fron municipal council. She lives in Vinstra.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19436427" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19436427" title="Microsoft International Soccer 2000">
Microsoft International Soccer 2000

Microsoft International Soccer 2000 is a sports game developed by Rage Software and published by Microsoft. It was released on October 20, 1999 for the PC. In the game, the player takes the role of manager of an international football team in a competition such as the FIFA World Cup or UEFA European Football Championship. The game was developed in conjunction with several football coaches, and released in the United States for $20. Reception of the game was generally positive. Its graphics were rated highest, though reviewers also enjoyed the simplicity of play. However, gameplay aspects such as AI earned a mixed response.
Gameplay.
The game contains nine different modes, split into three categories: friendlies, leagues and competitions. Friendly games are non-competitive, leagues provide round-robin and knockout events, while the competitions category contains a variety of competitions such as the FIFA World Cup or UEFA European Football Championship.
Each team has a set lineup, which can be altered by the player. As Rage did not acquire a license from FIFA, footballer names used are fictitious by default. They can be adjusted, as can team outfits, by the player. Footballers can perform all actions common on a football field, such as dribbling, passing, headering, one touch actions doing, and even bicycle kicking. In the US version, commentary is provided by Jonathan Pearce and Ron Atkinson.
Performing an illegal action can result in a foul being committed; it is possible but rare for a footballer to receive a yellow or red card. Slide tackles are most likely to draw a foul, while the steal technique rarely results in an infringement.
Development.
Microsoft recruited several English coaches to assist in the development game. They helped Rage develop the AI to use tactics and strategies used in real football. The game was released in the United States for $20.
Reception.
Reception of "Microsoft International Soccer 2000" was generally positive.
IGN's Uros Jojic said that the game's design was not unique, and was generally similar to most other games of the genre, with "Classic Matches" the only exception. He complained that the game included no clubs, due to the lack of a FIFA license. Sports Gaming Network's Eric Dysinger agreed that the game's interface was simple but effective. Allgame's Nick Woods said that the controls were generally easy to learn, but that it was a times difficult to select the footballer the player wishes to control—he said it was possible to adjust to the controls, "but it's not an intuitive or easy task".
The game's graphics were rated highly by reviewers. IGN said the sky textures were beautiful and "the grass textures of the pitch look extremely realistic". However, reviewer Jojic was less receptive of other features such as the stadium and crowd effects, which he said sometimes lacked detail. He also said the game's animations were "a mixed bag". Dysinger said the background graphics were of a high quality, stating the game presents "the best fields and stadiums to play in". "PC Zone"'s review was more positive; it said "Microsoft International Soccer 2000" is "arguably ... the best looking of the current crop of football games". Audio, however, was not rated as highly. The commentary had a mediocre reception—"PC Zone" wrote that "Ron Atkinson ... sounds as if he is reading from a script", while Sports Gaming Network complained that "frequently the announcers were broadcasting the play by play when the play was already over". IGN, while approving of the commentary, said the music was "weak and uninspiring", while Dysinger said it was good, but repetitive.
Gameplay earned a mixed reception from different reviewers. Sports Gaming Network complained of some lag in game, with footballers not responding to commands until after the AI had passed the ball on. Dysinger was also critical of the lack of FIFA license, which forced players to learn the strengths and weaknesses of different nations as they did not have a real roster. "PC Zone" was more positive; the game was described as "straightforward arcade stuff, making for an exciting game of football". The high paced gameplay was likened to "Sensible World of Soccer". IGN rated the gameplay highly, especially the "phenomenal" ball physics, which Jojic described as "the most realistic interpretation of ball movement I've seen in any soccer game so far". However, he noted several glitches in the AI which made the game easier at times. GameSpy, on the other hand, said the AI was "highly sophisticated".

</doc>
<doc id="19436433" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19436433" title="Milax">
Milax

Milax may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19436446" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19436446" title="Glimpse of the Garden">
Glimpse of the Garden

Glimpse of the Garden (1957) is a five-minute short experimental film made by Marie Menken, showing film clips of a garden, with birds chirping for the soundtrack.
In 1958, the film won an award at the Exposition Universelle et Internationale at Brussels. In 2007, the film was nominated for the National Film Registry by the Library of Congress.

</doc>
<doc id="19436448" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19436448" title="Martin Berberyan">
Martin Berberyan

Martin Berberyan (, born on May 22, 1980 in Yerevan, Armenian SSR) is a retired Freestyle wrestler from Armenia. He is an Armenian Champion, European Champion, World medalist and three-time Olympian. Berberyan was awarded the Master of Sport of Armenia, International Class title in 1998.
Biography.
Martin Berberyan started freestyle wrestling in 1987 under the leadership of Samvel Markarian. He became a World Junior Championships silver medalist in 1997 and a European Junior Champion in 1998. In 1999, Berberyan was selected as a member of the Armenian national freestyle wrestling team. Berberyan came in sixth place at the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney, his best Olympic result. Berberyan won a gold medal at the 2004 European Wrestling Championships. The 2004 European Championships were hosted by Ankara and competitions were held on April 24, the same day as the Armenian Genocide committed by Turkey began. Because Berberyan became a European Champion at the competition, the Armenian national anthem, Mer Hayrenik, was played in the Turkish capital on that day. The success of Martin Berberian received wide publicity in Armenia. Immediately after returning to Yerevan, National Olympic Committee of Armenia President Gagik Tsarukyan handed Berberyan the keys to a new car as a reward.
Berberyan came in eleventh place at the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens. After the Olympics, he moved up in weight class, from 55 kg to 60 kg. He debuted in this new weight class in 2005. Berberyan won a bronze medal at the 2005 FILA Wrestling World Championships that year. His career was interrupted for the next two years do to his recent marriage and move to the United States. Berberyan returned to the mat in 2008 and qualified to take part at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing. He came in seventeenth place. After that, Martin Berberyan decided to complete his wrestling career. As of 2008, he is the main wrestling coach at the Los Angeles Sports Club, International Sports Union.

</doc>
<doc id="19436458" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19436458" title="The Singles 1981–1983">
The Singles 1981–1983

The Singles 1981–1983 is a compilation mini-album released by the British band Bauhaus. It was released in October 1983 by Beggars Banquet Records. The version of "Ziggy Stardust" included on the EP is taken from the live session recorded for the BBC Radio 1 "David Jensen Show" which was first broadcast on 22 July 1982.
Track listing.
All tracks written by Bauhaus except where noted.

</doc>
<doc id="19436501" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19436501" title="The Waterways Trust">
The Waterways Trust

The Waterways Trust was an independent registered charity, established in 1999, that worked with partners to see the waterway network in England, Wales and Scotland supported, valued and enjoyed by a wide audience. The Trust was formerly registered in England and Wales and in Scotland, until July 2012 when the operations in England and Wales were merged with the newly established Canal & River Trust. The remaining operations in Scotland were renamed the Scottish Waterways Trust.
The Trust's principal funder was British Waterways. Its Patron was HRH The Prince of Wales, and its Vice Presidents were Paul Atterbury, John Craven OBE, John Fletcher, Miranda Krestovnikoff, Sonia Rolt, David Suchet OBE and Timothy West CBE.
The Trust also cared for the nationally important inland waterways collection and the National Waterways Museum at Ellesmere Port, the Waterways Museum Gloucester and the Canal Museum at Stoke Bruerne.
The Trust also operated a Small Grants Scheme, and administered the annual Waterways Renaissance Awards jointly with the British Urban Regeneration Association (BURA).

</doc>
<doc id="19436516" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19436516" title="Målfrid Grude Flekkøy">
Målfrid Grude Flekkøy

Målfrid Grude Flekkøy (29 November 1936 - 2 November 2013) was a Norwegian psychologist and civil servant. She served as Children's Ombudsman in Norway from 1981 to 1989, the first person in the world to hold such a position.
Personal life.
She was born in Oslo as a daughter of Sigmund Skard (1903–1995) and Åse Gruda Skard (1905–1985). She is a sister of Halvdan Skard and twin sister of Torild Skard. Through her mother, she was a granddaughter of Halvdan Koht and Karen Grude Koht, and through her father she was a granddaughter Matias Skard and niece of Torfinn, Bjarne, Eiliv and Olav Skard. She was also a niece of Paul Koht.
From 1962 to 1981 she was married to psychologist Kjell Magne Flekkøy (born 1939), and from 1983 to 1995 she had her second marriage to Truls Wilhelm Gedde-Dahl (born 1930).
Career.
She finished her secondary education in 1956, and took education in domestic science and as a preschool teacher. She took the cand.psychol. degree at the University of Oslo in 1967, and the doctor's degree at the University of Ghent in 1991. She was also involved in local politics in Bærum and Oslo, representing the Labour Party.
From 1981 to 1989 she served as the Children's Ombudsman in Norway; the first ombudsman of its kind in the world. She was then a senior fellow at UNICEF's International Child Development Center, before being hired as a psychologist in the Nic Waals Institutt in 1991.

</doc>
<doc id="19436523" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19436523" title="List of awards and nominations received by Oprah Winfrey">
List of awards and nominations received by Oprah Winfrey

Over the years, talk show host Oprah Winfrey has won the following awards and nominations for her Media Works:

</doc>
<doc id="19436533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19436533" title="Hurwitz quaternion order">
Hurwitz quaternion order

The Hurwitz quaternion order is a specific order in a quaternion algebra over a suitable number field. The order is of particular importance in Riemann surface theory, in connection with surfaces with maximal symmetry, namely the Hurwitz surfaces. The Hurwitz quaternion order was studied in 1967 by Goro Shimura, but first explicitly described by Noam Elkies in 1998. For an alternative use of the term, see Hurwitz quaternion (both usages are current in the literature).
Definition.
Let formula_1 be the maximal real subfield of formula_2formula_3 where formula_4 is a 7th-primitive root of unity. 
The ring of integers of formula_1 is formula_6, where the element formula_7 can be identified with the positive real formula_8. Let formula_9 be the quaternion algebra, or symbol algebra 
so that formula_11 and formula_12 in formula_13 Also let formula_14 and formula_15. Let 
Then formula_17 is a maximal order of formula_9, described explicitly by Noam Elkies.
Module structure.
The order formula_19 is also generated by elements
and
In fact, the order is a free formula_22-module over
the basis formula_23. Here the generators satisfy the relations
which descend to the appropriate relations in the (2,3,7) triangle group, after quotienting by the center.
Principal congruence subgroups.
The principal congruence subgroup defined by an ideal formula_25 is by definition the group
namely, the group of elements of reduced norm 1 in formula_17 equivalent to 1 modulo the ideal formula_29. The corresponding Fuchsian group is obtained as the image of the principal congruence subgroup under a representation to PSL(2,R).
Application.
The order was used by Katz, Schaps, and Vishne to construct a family of Hurwitz surfaces satisfying an asymptotic lower bound for the systole: formula_30 where g is the genus, improving an earlier result of Peter Buser and Peter Sarnak; see systoles of surfaces.

</doc>
<doc id="19436553" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19436553" title="St Paul's Church, Auckland">
St Paul's Church, Auckland

St Paul's on Symonds Street in Auckland, New Zealand, is a historic Anglican church near The University of Auckland and Auckland University of Technology, with a creative, vibrant and spirit-filled community.
St Paul's is Auckland's oldest church. Occupying its third building, it is known as the "Mother Church" of Auckland as the original St Paul's was the first church to be built in the city, in the same year that the original town was established. The St Paul's foundation stone was laid by Governor William Hobson on 28 July 1841 and the first service was held on 7 May 1843. St Paul's also served as Auckland's Cathedral for over 40 years. The current building was formally consecrated by Bishop William Cowie on 1 November 1895, and is now registered as a Category 1 Historic Place.
Since new services were set up in 2004, with a core group of about 80 people, St Paul’s has grown and strengthened to a current congregation of around 1,500. There are four services held on a Sunday: 9am and 11am family services, a 3:30pm liturgical service and an informal 6:30pm evening service. An average of 750 attend each week across all the services. Around 30% of the church community is actively involved in a cluster, small group or home group. A strong children’s church operates during the Sunday morning services, with seven different age groups from 0–18 years catered for. 
St Paul’s currently has a staff of 21 which includes two Priest Assistants, a Church Manager, a Worship Leader, a Services Leader, seven Children’s Church workers headed up by a Ministry of Families Leader, three in Pastoral Care, three Administrators, a Church Caretaker and a Prison Ministry leader. Nine of these staff are employed full-time. Members of the staff manage the many volunteers who serve in all areas of church life, giving their time and talents in a variety of ways. 
The breadth of the skill base in the community is reflected in the creative and loving ways that St Paul’s expresses itself through church courses, groups & events; worship, song writing & production; film production; online social channels; overseas & local mission; city wide care, evangelism and events; and the St Paul’s Theological Centre: a satellite of the St Paul's Theological Centre in London. 
The vision of St Paul's is "Creating, relating & restoring by loving God, each other & our world".
Seed.
Now in its third manifestation, St Paul’s is the oldest church in Auckland, having been a light in the city since 1841. The first St Paul’s was built in Emily Place, just off Princes St, where a plaque still marks the site of the beginning of God’s church in the city of Auckland.
Old St Paul’s was located in the heart of the colonial city. It occupied a prominent ridge-top site in a prestigious part of the settlement, close to the main administrative buildings, the imperial garrison stationed at Britomart, and alongside the remnants of the old pā, Rangipuke in Albert Park, where Ngāti Whātua had defended their rohe during the Musket Wars of the 1820s. At that time, St Paul’s was the seat of the Bishop of New Zealand, the Reverend George Selwyn, and was the locus of ecclesiastical power, and worldly prestige, as the wealthiest settlers worshipped there. As the formal religion of British royalty, the Anglican faith was closely linked to the exercise of colonial power. Many of St Paul’s artefacts, such as Selwyn’s Throne, date from this time of connection to power and political importance.
Reverend John Churton was the first minister of St Paul's, occupying that role for 12 years. The Churton Memorial was built to his memory, close to the site of the original church building.
St Paul’s prominence in colonial society shifted as the geography of Auckland developed over time. During the height of the New Zealand Wars in the 1860s, the church was used as a safe haven for women, children and the elderly – its location in the midst of the city, near the garrison, made St Paul’s ideal for this traditional church role of providing sanctuary in times of strife. After the war moved south, however, the congregation dwindled as wealthier attendees moved to the new suburbs of Epsom and Remuera, and St Matthew’s in the City, located further west, served the working suburbs of Freeman’s Bay and Ponsonby.
Branch & Root.
St Paul’s shifted; embracing the changing needs of the city for which it had been built. The Emily Place church was demolished in 1885, and a temporary wooden church, designed by William Skinner, was erected on the corner of Short St and Eden Crescent to house the congregation while a permanent site was identified.
Several sites in the southern reaches of the central city were discussed, but Auckland’s growth since the end of the New Zealand Wars meant that many were not suitably large for the planned church. Only the present site, halfway up the Symonds St hill, was large enough: it located the church once more in the centre of the city. Symonds St intersects with Karangahape Rd, the oldest street in Auckland which was, by the 1880s, a thriving thoroughfare and shopping precinct used by both Māori and Pākehā, since the road was a traditional walking track along the ridge from Owairaka (Mt Albert) to Orakei for Ngāti Whātua. Also located in the vicinity of the new church site was the official cemetery, which had areas for the burial of all the Christian denominations by then present in the city, as well as the Jewish section that is now found at the corner of K’Rd and Symonds St. St Paul’s, once central to the colonial seats of power and prestige, was now placed to seek the welfare of the city, amongst the people of the city, at the intersection of race and faith.
The new church was dedicated in 1894, despite the absent corner tower and steeple that had been part of Skinner’s original design. The Long Depression of the 1880s and 1890s had impacted the Anglican Church’s ability to build such a monumental church and the decision was made to keep the interior plain, with any ornament coming from the rose window and the artefacts gifted by Selwyn. This unadorned sanctuary suited the mood of the country and the mood of the congregation, who were largely drawn from the surrounding working-man’s suburbs, Kingsland, Grafton, and Eden Terrace.
St Paul’s was due for another shift. While the church remained on the Symonds St site, a ‘beacon on a hill’, the appointment of Reverend C.A.B Watson in 1908 led to the revitalisation of the church as a bastion of Anglo-Catholicism in a largely puritanical city. Watson, and his successor Samuel Corbin, who served until 1953, shaped the mood and focus of the church for a half-century, bringing in the Sung Mass, a focus on choral music and introducing the notion of spiritual healing. For both Watson and Corbin, however, the prevalent theology of the day dominated, and healing was seen as coming through participation in the sacraments of the church.
Flower.
The history of the modern St Paul’s begins in 1953 with the appointment of Father Kenneth Prebble, who was able to look beyond the norm in terms of Anglican practise and embrace a revival of the Holy Spirit as entirely orthodox. Through an encounter with a young Baptist businessman who had entered St Paul’s to pray during his lunch hour, Prebble was invited to a prayer meeting at which he experienced the Holy Spirit. Powerfully moved and convinced of both the orthodoxy of the theology he heard discussed, and the genuine faith of those present at the meeting, he sought advice from the wider Anglican Communion and discovered other Anglicans who were becoming involved in revivals of the Spirit.
Prebble’s experience, the support he received from his wife, and the wider Anglican community, allowed him to transform St Paul’s. Always noted for its music, the church became a beacon of the Spirit, evangelical, contemporary, determined to be both light and salt. The introduction of contemporary music, the establishment of a regular coffee-shop outreach to students and young people, Prebble and his successor Father David Balfour, led by the Spirit, created a church that had real and lasting impact in the lives of many young people in the city of Auckland.
The revival of the 1950s and 1960s married the Anglo-Catholic sensibilities of the previous fifty years with the radicalism of the period, creating in St Paul’s a space where people could experience the Spirit in inward and outward manifestations. Balfour, in particular, encouraged his church to be involved in the issues of the day, to “seek the welfare of the city.” However, by the 1970s, the Anglo-Catholicism that had provided the theological framework for the spirit and justice revival witnessed at St Paul’s had lost its ability to inspire the Word of God. The dynamic outreach of a kingdom-focused church dissolved into a bundle of conflicting theologies without strong leadership or good biblical teaching. The 1980s and 1990s were to be a period of fallow ground for St Paul’s, as the young congregants of the previous period moved away or lost their faith, with a loyal portion of Anglo-Catholics continuing to worship at a church that had supported them for nearly 100 years. At this time a Friday night gospel service was established which became an outreach to immigrant families and students from Asian countries. The group still meets weekly at St Paul’s today as the International Cluster.
Fruit.
Modern St Paul’s is experiencing a second revival: during the late 1990s and early 2000s, many young New Zealanders came to faith or re-experienced the Spirit at St Mary’s London. Returning home, many of them as new parents or newlyweds, they sought a similar spiritual home in their native city. A team from St Mary’s, after discussion with the Anglican Church in New Zealand, were invited in 2004 to set up new family and young people-focused services in the historic St Paul’s, Symonds St. Mike and Bex Norris, together with a core congregation of about 80 people in the first year, many of whom had previously attended St Mary’s in London, oversaw huge growth, with well over a thousand congregants now registered on the church database. Key to that growth has been the impact St Paul’s has sought to have in its specific location: as a beacon on a hill, a light for the city of Auckland. St Paul’s offers relational, experiential, culturally relevant faith that is dedicated to social justice, attempting to become the place where Jesus and justice meet. Since 2004 the staff of St Paul’s has grown to ensure that the spiritual, pastoral, intellectual and social needs of the congregation and the city can be met. The plethora of courses, groups, activities, worship and fellowship at St Paul’s today – after starting with a roomful of people – reveals the impact on the city of Auckland, seeking once more the welfare of the city.
Interregnum.
Mike & Bex Norris left St Paul's at the end of June 2013 to return to the UK. During the interregnum period, as a new Vicar is sought, Mathew Newton is Priest In Charge.

</doc>
<doc id="19436570" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19436570" title="Kauhajoki school shooting">
Kauhajoki school shooting

The Kauhajoki school shooting occurred on September 23, 2008, at Seinäjoki University of Applied Sciences in Western Finland. The gunman, 22-year-old hospitality management student Matti Juhani Saari (May 20, 1986 – September 23, 2008) shot and fatally injured ten people with a Walther P22 semi-automatic pistol, before shooting himself in the head. He died a few hours later in Tampere University Hospital. One woman was injured but was in a stable condition.
The shooting took place at the Kauhajoki School of Hospitality, owned by the Seinäjoki Municipal Federation of Education. The facilities and campus were shared between the Seinäjoki University of Applied Sciences and the Seinäjoki Vocational Education Centre – Sedu. Saari was a second-year student in a Bachelor of Hospitality Management degree programme.
The incident was the second school shooting in less than a year in Finland, the other being the Jokela school shooting in November 2007, in which nine people including the gunman died. Before that, only one other school shooting had taken place in the country's history, in Rauma in 1989, leaving two people dead.
Shooting.
Saari entered through the school buildings via the basement. The shooting began at around 10:40 (UTC+3), when roughly 200 people were assembled inside the college. The emergency services received their first call at 10:46. Saari was armed with a .22 LR caliber Walther P22 Target semi-automatic firearm and homemade Molotov cocktails. He wore dark clothing and a balaclava (ski mask). The school's caretaker Jukka Forsberg, who had several shots directed at him but survived, said "gunman was very well prepared. He walked calmly."
Saari initially opened fire on a group of students taking a business studies exam, and entered at least one other classroom. According to the three students who were able to escape the exam room (there were roughly 20 students taking the exam), Saari had approached his victims individually before shooting them. It was also said that he was revelling in the situation and was acting very aggressively. Saari encountered little resistance, and the massacre was concluded relatively quickly. He then covered the classroom in a flammable liquid, believed to be petrol, and set the room alight.
A student in an adjacent classroom, Sanna Orpana, said that her class had heard "shooting and a kind of a rumble like tables falling down." Orpana believed at the time that the noise may have been coming from a toy gun, and two other students went to investigate the noise. Saari shot at them, and the remaining students in Orpana's classroom hid under a table before running upstairs. At some point between 10:45–11:00 Saari ran down a corridor and threw a petrol bomb into a language laboratory. He then shot out all of the windows in the school's main corridor, that extended through the building. It was during this time that he also took aim at Forsberg.
A police van with two officers arrived a short time after the shootings began, at around 11:00. They entered the yard of the college where they were shot at by Saari, and forced to retreat. From around 11:45 to 12:00 further police units, bolstered by a number of armoured vehicles, began to arrive on the scene. They attempted to enter the building through the main corridor, but this assault was aborted due to the black smoke that was emanating from within the building.
Having escaped the buildings in a variety of ways (including through doors and out of windows), some students found themselves impeded by a river that adjoined the school. However, some were able to use rowing boats as a means of escape. Saari started fires at several other locations within the school buildings, and the fire in the exam room damaged some of the bodies so badly that they had to be identified from DNA and dental records. Nine of the victims were found in the exam room, and one in a nearby corridor. It was later ascertained that this student had fled the burning classroom and then died in the corridor. Eight of the victims were female students, one a male student, and one a male member of staff. All of the students killed were in their 20s, and the teacher was in his 50s. A 21-year-old woman was shot in the head but had two operations in the days after sustaining her injury, and was reported as being in a satisfactory condition. A further ten students were treated for minor injuries including sprains and cuts from broken glass. All the victims were classmates of Saari's. Saari was originally from Pohjois-Pohjanmaa, but lived in Kauhajoki where he was enrolled on his catering course at the college. It was later revealed that the male student was probably a close friend of Saari's. The pair had spent an evening out together in February 2008 when they were threatened with a starter pistol. A photo of them together had been circulating on the Internet, in which he jokingly points at his friend's head with his forefinger. The names of the other victims were withheld by police.
Firefighters extinguished the fires without any major damage to the school. Saari remained at large for some time in the school grounds after they had been evacuated. Two days after the killings, a friend of Saari's, named Rauno, told "7 päivää" that at 11:53 he received a call from Saari in which he confessed to having killed ten people. Saari is claimed to have spoken to Rauno in a calm manner, telling him that he wanted to say goodbye. He was found alive by the police at 12:30, having shot himself in the head. He was taken to Tampere University Hospital, where he was treated for his gunshot wound. He died a short time later at 17:40.
With a total of ten people killed, it was the deadliest peacetime attack in Finnish history, surpassing the previous highest count of eight in the Jokela school shooting. It was the deadliest attack on a school campus since April 2007, when Seung-Hui Cho killed 32 people during the Virginia Tech massacre. Saari had fired a total of nearly 200 shots, including shots into the air. The highest number of shots inflicted to a single victim was twenty.
Motive.
Saari left behind two handwritten notes in his school dormitory stating that his motive for the shooting was: "I hate the human race." He also wrote: "The solution is Walther 22", a reference to the handgun used in the shooting. The notes revealed that he had been planning the massacre for six years. A police spokesperson commented: "Saari left notes saying he had a hatred for mankind, for the whole of the human race, and that he had been thinking about what he was going to do for years. The notes show he was very troubled and he hated everything." One former classmate, Susanna Keronen, stated: "He was happy, a social guy –– there was nothing exceptional – and he got along with people well and he was not lonely. He had friends." However, Saari had a history of violence: he had been thrown out of the Finnish Army in 2006, after being a member for only a month for opening fire in a woodland exercise, against orders.
Police were also investigating whether a copycat element was involved after it emerged that both Saari and Pekka-Eric Auvinen, the gunman in the Jokela school shooting, had bought their guns from the same store. Both gunmen had taken photographs of themselves in similar poses, and Jari Neulaniemi, the detective leading the Kauhajoki investigation, said that it was "very likely" that the two men had been in contact at some point. Both had been part of a group of people, who centred their activities around YouTube and Finnish social networking site IRC-Galleria, who were interested in school shootings. This community, which included members from Finland, Germany, and the United States, exchanged videos related to school shootings.
Police said that although most of the victims were female, the motive did not seem to be a hatred of women. Rauno stated in his interview that Saari had opted for a catering course in order to be surrounded by female students. Saari had told Rauno that he had been the victim of bullying in secondary school, and later upper secondary, and that he had had to drop out for this reason. Rauno said that Saari's behaviour had begun to worry him over two years before the shootings, when Saari began expressing a fondness for guns and an admiration of the school shootings in the United States. He said that around 18 months previously Saari had sent him a message saying that he would carry out a school shooting the next day. Saari reportedly denied being serious about carrying out his threat. A friend of Saari also reported that he had been seeing a psychologist in the months before the shooting, and had been obsessed with guns.
Police said after their preliminary investigation (March 2009) that they were unable to determine the underlying motives of Saari. They added that he had committed his crimes alone: 200 people were interviewed during the investigation, none of whom said they knew of Saari's plans. Contact with Auvinen was also ruled out.
Internet videos and photographs.
In the weeks leading up to the incident, Saari had posted several videos on YouTube under the username of "Wumpscut86", showing him firing a handgun at a local shooting range. The YouTube user channel was accompanied by the quote "Whole life is war and whole life is pain. And you will fight alone in your personal war". These are lyrics from the song "War" by the German industrial project :wumpscut:. Among the user's YouTube account favourites was footage of the Columbine High School massacre. Saari listed his interests on YouTube as "horror movies, guns, sex, beer and computers." YouTube suspended the account, on which he called himself "Mr. Saari", as soon as news reports linking him to the shooting emerged. A spokesperson for YouTube commented that the site operated a zero tolerance policy towards threats and incitement to violence. Finnish police had been informed about the YouTube videos in an anonymous tip-off on the Friday before the shooting. The police talked to Saari and searched his home on the day before the incident, Monday 22 September. They found no reason to arrest him as he held a temporary weapons permit. In August 2008, Saari had obtained a licence for a .22-calibre (5.6 mm) pistol. The police said that Saari did not have a criminal record. However, a police inspector was subsequently charged with dereliction of duty, and his court case began in September 2009.
Saari also posted another video on a Finnish social networking site, in which he pointed a gun at the camera and said in English "You will die next", followed by firing four shots in the direction of the camera. This video was not available to the police when Saari was questioned. A police spokesperson commented: "The only video we saw was where he was shooting at the range. It was only afterwards that much more information came out." Police said that Saari would have been detained if they had known about this video at the time of the questioning. Police said that they believed Saari's videos were shot by someone else, and that they were trying to identify who this person was. The Chief Investigator of the case, Jari Neulaniemi, speculated that the cameraman may have been the friend of Saari's who was murdered.
Saari's account on IRC-Galleria, which contained similar gun-wielding photos, was also suspended. Interior Minister Anne Holmlund announced that the actions of the police would be investigated. Police Commissioner Mikko Paatero said that Finnish police would increase their monitoring of YouTube and other social networking sites, and when asked whether similar attacks could take place in the future, he replied: "I badly fear it's possible."
Response.
On the day of the incident, a crisis meeting was held, with government ministers, chairs of the parliamentary groups, and police officials all in attendance. The Prime Minister Matti Vanhanen described it as a "tragic day" and appealed for unity in the hope "that events like these will not happen again." A national day of mourning was declared for the following day, and Vanhanen travelled to Kauhajoki to meet with students.
Within days of the shooting, the police said they had received a sizeable number of tip-offs alerting them to suspicious photographs, videos, and comments on chat rooms. Finnish media reported that several bomb threats and other threatening messages were circulating among students nationwide in the few days after the shootings as well.

</doc>
<doc id="19436571" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19436571" title="Carla Peterson (actress)">
Carla Peterson (actress)

Carla Constanza Peterson (born April 6, 1974) is an Argentine actress. She was born in Cordoba. She began her career in stage plays. Among others she appeared in "Quien es Janet?" ("Who is Janet?") with Claudia Fontan and Mariana Prömmel. She first appeared on television in 1992 telenovella "Dance Party". After discovering her talent, producers bagan inviting to participate in such other productions as "Princesa" ("Princess") and "Naranja y media." she appeared on Polish television from her appearance on the TV4 broadcast of the soap opera "Enamorarte" ("Young Lovers"), in which she played Lucia - a single mother bringing up her son. The role of Constanza Insua was the turning point in her acting career in "Sos mi vida" ("You are the one") in 2006, where she played beside of Natalia Oreiro and Facundo Arana. Her first leading role in the telecomedy "Lalola", sold to many countries, brought her great celebrity. Her role in this telenovela earned her a Martin Fierro Award in 2007, one of nine awarded to "Lalola" that year, including the Gold one. At 2009 she was working on a film with Carlos Sorín called "La Ventana" and a new telenovella called "Los Exitosos Pells", in which she appears opposite Mike Amigorena as Sol - a television journalist.
Nominations.
Winnes of the Gold Martin Fierro 2008 for the TV show Lalola which had 16 nominations in the same event.

</doc>
<doc id="19436605" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19436605" title="Bobby Moore (motorcyclist)">
Bobby Moore (motorcyclist)

Bobby Moore is an American former Grand Prix motocross world champion.
In 1985, Moore won the A.M.A. 125cc Western Supercross title. He moved on to the F.I.M. world championships, finishing second to Donny Schmit in the 1990 125cc championship. In 1992, he again finished second to Schmit, this time in the 250cc world championship. He moved back to the 125cc class, and in 1994, he won the world championship on a Yamaha.

</doc>
<doc id="19436624" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19436624" title="The Family Values Tour 1999">
The Family Values Tour 1999

The Family Values Tour 1999 album features select live performances from the 1999 Family Values Tour, and was released on May 9, 2000.
Information.
Ja Rule, Run DMC, Mobb Deep also appeared on the Tour (in place of DMX, who canceled prior to the beginning of the tour).
Korn made surprise appearances at a handful of dates.
Sevendust filled in for Filter on the Denver date while Filter took time off to film the video for "Take A Picture".
System of a Down were originally on the line-up but canceled their appearance due to a feud with Limp Bizkit.
The Minneapolis date was the only that featured both Primus and Korn.

</doc>
<doc id="19436629" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19436629" title="Nicola Pezzetta">
Nicola Pezzetta

Nicola Pezzetta is an Italian artist born in Udine (1963).
While completing architectural studies at the Politecnico in Milan, he started participating in international exhibitions in early 1990s, showing artworks pertaining to the ambit of abstract painting. The former non-representational experiences based on geometric patterns turned, in short time, into a fictional image inventory influenced by organic processes. The core point of his artistic work is the analysis of human space conceived as a psychological issue. According to Systems theory, developed since the beginning of 1980s, each individual interacts with perceived artworks within a systemic psychological and cultural environment. In the ambit of the systemic paradigm, space and individuals are no more referred to Positivism and it’s intrinsic belief that the observer does not interfere with his own observed environment. On the contrary, Systems theory has clearly demonstrated that space and individuals follow an evolutionary process in which they are organically interconnected as parts of a cultural environment that includes also entropy and noise disturbing information signal, communications and cognitive operations.
Pezzetta has utilized various mediums and techniques ranging from oil and acrylic on canvas, photographs, tri-dimensional installations and, in recent years, computer-generated images, namely digital art tools, includind also lettering or text elements deriving form visual poetry.

</doc>
<doc id="19436630" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19436630" title="Reidar Hjermann">
Reidar Hjermann

Reidar Kvaal Hjermann (born 17 February 1969) is a Norwegian psychologist and former Children's Ombudsman of Norway.
The son of Ingvar Hjermann, Reidar Hjermann started working as a psychologist in 1998. In 2004 he was appointed Ombudsman for Children in Norway, succeeding fellow psychologist Trond Waage.
When his four-year term ended in 2008, he applied for a second term. However, the job was given to jurist Ida Hjort Kraby. Later, it was revealed that Kraby had friendly relations with Minister of Children and Equality, Manuela Ramin-Osmundsen. Ramin-Osmundsen withdrew from her position, as did Kraby who never got the time to formally enter the post. The ombudsman post was again open, and Hjermann was this time appointed to a second term.

</doc>
<doc id="19436644" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19436644" title="1978 FIFA World Cup Final">
1978 FIFA World Cup Final

The 1978 FIFA World Cup Final was a football match played to determine the winner of the 1978 FIFA World Cup. The match was contested by hosts Argentina and the Netherlands. The match was won by the Argentines in extra time by a score of 3–1. Mario Kempes, who finished as the tournament's top scorer, was named the man of the match. The Netherlands lost their second World Cup final in a row, both times to the host nation, after losing to West Germany in 1974.
The final is mired in some controversy as the Dutch accused the Argentines of using stalling tactics to delay the match. The host team came out late and questioned the legality of a plaster cast on René van de Kerkhof's wrist, which the Dutch claimed allowed tension to build in front of a hostile Buenos Aires crowd. The Netherlands refused to attend the post-match ceremonies after the match ended. 

</doc>
<doc id="19436654" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19436654" title="Gong Hyo-jin">
Gong Hyo-jin

Gong Hyo-jin (born April 4, 1980) is a South Korean actress. She is best known for her leading role in "Crush and Blush", as well as for her popular television series "Pasta", "The Greatest Love", and "Master's Sun".
Early life.
Gong Hyo-jin was born in Seoul, South Korea. When she was a junior in high school, she moved to Australia with her mother and younger brother, while her father worked in Korea to support the family. Gong attended high school at John Paul College in Brisbane. Gong has spoken fondly of her memories of her time there, and in 2011 she was designated as one of the goodwill ambassadors for "Year of Friendship," the 50th anniversary of bilateral relations between Australia and South Korea. 
After three years in Australia, the Gong family moved back to Korea in 1997 due to the IMF crisis.
Career.
Early work.
Upon her return to Korea, Gong began working as a model. She appeared in advertisements, notably the "Happy to Death" commercial for telecom 700-5425. After a year and a half of modeling, she made her acting debut in a supporting role in "Memento Mori". Co-directed by Kim Tae-yong and Min Kyu-dong, the horror film reinvented its genre with its fresh approach on teenage femme sexuality and its destructive force, melding sapphism and the supernatural at a girls' high school. Although it was not a box office hit in 1999, the film is frequently cited by young Korean filmmakers and cinema fans as a modern-day classic. At first Gong wasn't serious about acting and couldn't wait for filming to be over, but "Memento Mori"'s critical success encouraged her to continue acting, and she followed that with a role in 2000 sitcom "My Funky Family".
In 2001 she was cast in the 50-episode television series "Wonderful Days", where she played a bus conductor with a one-sided crush on Ryoo Seung-bum's character (Gong and Ryoo later won Best New Actress and Best New Actor in the TV category at the Baeksang Arts Awards). After appearing in small roles in Jang Jin's comedy "Guns & Talks" and teen martial arts flick "Volcano High", the young actress had her breakthrough year in 2002, landing lead roles in "Emergency Act 19" (which featured cameos by many K-pop artists), and "A Bizarre Love Triangle" (also known as "Taekwon Girl"). But it was her raw, complex performance in "Ruler of Your Own World" that grabbed the industry's attention. The TV series was praised for its realistic writing and strong acting, earning it "mania drama" (or cult hit) status in Korea. That same year, she again acted opposite Ryoo in "Conduct Zero" (also known as "No Manners"), earning praise for her role as the tough-talking "boss" of the girls' high school. The 1980s-set retro comedy was well received by both audiences and critics. 
The 2003 series "Snowman" paired Gong with Jo Jae-hyun, in a controversial plot about a girl who falls in love with her older brother-in-law. She then returned to more mainstream fare in "Sang-doo! Let's Go to School", helmed by TV director Lee Hyung-min, whom she had previously worked with in a Drama City episode. Gong played a high school teacher who meets her childhood sweetheart again, now a gigolo and single dad with a sick daughter. The acting debut of pop singer Rain, the drama did well in the ratings, and Gong won several awards at the KBS Drama Awards.
But in 2004 to 2005, Gong entered a career slump. She was dissatisfied with the scripts she was getting, and felt she was being typecast in ingenue roles. Cast as another high school teacher in "Biscuit Teacher and Star Candy", and a scientist in "Heaven's Soldiers", Gong longed to portray meatier, "real women" roles, but she was unwilling to do nudity in film. 
Critical success.
In 2006, "Memento Mori" director Kim Tae-yong (whom Gong considers her mentor) offered her a part in "Family Ties", a role he had written specifically for her. With the original Korean title "Birth of a Family," the film drew widespread acclaim as a delicately observed, cross generational look at unconventional families. The cast was praised for their brilliant acting, with reviews singling out Gong's portrayal of an angry young woman in a deeply troubled relationship with her mother. She received a Best Actress nomination from the Korean Film Awards, and also shared Best Actress honors with co-stars Moon So-ri, Go Doo-shim and Kim Hye-ok at the Thessaloniki International Film Festival in Greece. 
"Family Ties" marked a turning point in her career, and gave Gong a renewed passion for acting. In 2007 she returned to television in "Thank You", written by "Sang-doo" scribe Lee Kyung-hee. Several actresses had turned down the unglamorous role of a single mother with an HIV-positive daughter and a grandfather with dementia; another reason being that this was lead actor Jang Hyuk's comeback after his draft-dodging scandal. Despite little hype, "Thank You" became a modest hit and rose to number one in its timeslot. Viewer response to the drama had been mostly heartwarming and life-affirming, which Gong said she treasures. The maternal role served to soften and feminize her image, but Gong was also praised for her nuanced portrayal that grounded her character in reality, helping to prevent the drama from being overly maudlin or saccharine. 
After "Thank You", Gong went back to film and took on supporting roles for the opportunity to work with some of the most talented directors in Chungmuro. She played a coolly unsentimental ex-girlfriend in Hur Jin-ho's melodrama "Happiness", a concerned fiancee in Lee Myung-se's stylistic psychodrama "M", and a spy in Ryoo Seung-wan's action comedy/parody "Dachimawa Lee". 
Strong performances in varied roles helped cement Gong's reputation as a serious actress, but "Crush and Blush" in 2008 would become her most high-profile movie yet. Hailed by critics as one of the most original Korean films in recent years, Lee Kyung-mi's feature directorial debut was divisive, and though its box office performance was a disappointment, it acquired a sort of cult status among Korean cinephiles. The black comedy was a showcase for Gong, who transformed herself into a misanthropic antiheroine with an unattractively blushing red face, frizzy hair, dowdy clothes, and a chronic case of inferiority complex and hopeless delusion. Gong had wavered at first when presented with the script, given the character's excesses. Reportedly urged on by fellow actress Jeon Do-yeon, she eventually accepted and threw herself into the role. Park Chan-wook, who produced the film, praised Gong's subtle emotional variations, and told her that she might never be able to top this performance, joking that she should retire. She won numerous acting awards in Korea, among them Best Actress trophies from the Korean Film Awards, Director's Cut Awards, and Women in Film Korea Awards. She also received nominations from the Blue Dragon Film Awards and Baeksang Arts Awards, as well as a Rising Star Award from the New York Asian Film Festival.
Mainstream popularity.
After starring with close friend Shin Min-ah in the 2009 indie "Sisters on the Road", Gong played an aspiring chef in romantic comedy series "Pasta" in 2010. Originally written as the usual brash and spunky rom-com heroine, Gong thought it would be boring and cliched to play her as such, and instead made the significant acting decision to play against type by creating the character as an ordinary girl who was seemingly meek, but had a quiet strength and slyly got her way. Her chemistry with co-star Lee Sun-kyun, and the drama's breezy atmosphere propelled it to the top of the ratings chart. 
Defying easy categorization into the actress dichotomies of innocent (Choi Ji-woo, Song Hye-kyo) or sexy (Kim Hye-soo, Uhm Jung-hwa), Gong belonged to a third, very minor group of eccentrics that also include Kang Hye-jung and Bae Doona. Though not a typical beauty, after "Pasta" the press gave her the label "Gongvely", a portmanteau of her surname and the English word "lovely."
In an emerging pattern of alternating mainstream TV series with riskier big-screen projects, Gong starred in "Rolling Home with a Bull", another low-budget indie adapted from Kim Do-yeon's novel. She played a widow traveling with her poet ex-boyfriend in Im Soon-rye's part-Buddhist meditation, part-road movie. 
In 2011 Gong acted opposite Cha Seung-won in the TV series "The Greatest Love". Written by the Hong Sisters, the romantic comedy is set in the entertainment industry and about an unlikely romance between a has-been pop-star and a top actor. The series was a big hit with audiences, resulting in increased popularity for Cha and Gong. She was also praised for her naturalistic, no-nonsense acting, which served to balance Cha's wacky antics. "The Greatest Love" swept the MBC Drama Awards, including a Top Excellence Award for Gong (her third consecutive, after "Thank You" and "Pasta"). Gong later won Best Actress for TV at the Baeksang Arts Awards.
She worked again with Kim Tae-yong for "Beautiful 2012", a series of four "micro-movies" produced by Chinese internet platform Youku that explore the concept of "what is beautiful?". In Kim's short film "You Are More Than Beautiful", Park Hee-soon plays a man who hires an actress named Young-hee (Gong) to pretend to be his fiancée when he introduces her to his dying father in Jeju Island. The short's Korean title translates to "Her Performance," and in a charming scene, Young-hee slips into the hospital room and sings a Korean opera song to the unconscious father (in a room with five other seriously ill elderly men). "You Are More Than Beautiful" later received a theatrical release in 2013. 
Uninterested in stereotypical pretty roles, Gong said she preferred playing multi-faceted women, like the laidback, unpredictable female lead with unshaved armpit hair in "Love Fiction". Known for her candor on set and in public, Gong openly admitted that she had problems with her character and took her complaints to its director Jeon Kye-soo. Though Gong said she would rather continue making small-scale films rather than do a shallow blockbuster, "Love Fiction" was her most commercial feature yet, and it broke even at more than 1.7 million admissions. 
She reunited with "Love Fiction" co-star Ha Jung-woo in "577 Project", a documentary that follows a group of actors walking 577 kilometers (358 miles) across the nation.
After 2012.
In 2013 Gong starred in comedy film "Boomerang Family" with Park Hae-il, Yoon Je-moon, and Yoon Yeo-jeong, adapted from Cheon Myung-kwan's novel "Aging Family" about a grown-up trio of siblings who embark on a series of misadventures after they move back in their mother's home. Gong said she felt catharsis from her character's constant cursing, and pleasure from acting in an ensemble whose actors share great chemistry with each other. Veteran actress Yoon said that Gong's role, a twice-divorced single mother, was perfect for her that Yoon couldn't imagine anyone else playing it. 
The Hong Sisters cast her again in their next series "Master's Sun", a romantic comedy with horror elements. Costar So Ji-sub praised Gong as "the best Korean actress currently working in romantic comedy." 
Other activities.
In 2010 Gong published a collection of essays on the environment titled "Gong Hyo-jin's Notebook" (, which is a play on her surname and the Korean word for "notebook"). In it Gong gives a look inside her personal lifestyle habits, and offers practical and simple tips on going green such as using shower gels and shampoo sparingly, driving a small car, shopping at flea markets, reusing plastic bags, unplugging electronics, using rechargeable batteries, growing plants, riding bikes, and adopting abandoned pets. The book has sold over 40,000 copies and is on its fourth printing. 
She recorded the duet "I Think I Love You" for K-pop singer MY Q's 2011 album "Ready for the World".
Gong, along with fellow actresses Kim Min-hee and Choi Kang-hee, is considered an influential fashion icon by Korean women in their 20s and 30s. In 2010 she collaborated with shoe brand pushBUTTON to produce the capsule collection "Excuse Me + pushBUTTON." Two years later, Suecomma Bonnie, another shoe brand, released her "Excuse Me x Suecomma Bonnie" line. In 2012 she designed a selected line of apparel for the fashion shop Los Angeles Project, a brand located inside Shinsegae Department Stores. Her neon-colored and patterned items were sold under the name "LAP by Kong Hyo-jin."
She was named jury president for the 2009 International Women's Film Festival in Seoul. Gong was also a jury member for the 2011 Asiana International Short Film Festival, and the 2006 Mise-en-scène Short Film Festival.
Personal life.
Gong began dating actor Ryoo Seung-bum after they grew close on the set of 2001's "Wonderful Days"; the two had in fact shared one class in elementary school before Gong transferred out. In a rare move for Korean celebrities, the young stars publicly admitted their relationship. The real-life couple again starred together in 2002 comedy "Conduct Zero". They broke up in 2003, but remained friends. Gong asked Ryoo to make a cameo appearance in her 2006 film "Family Ties" as her character's ex-boyfriend, lending a meta component to their scenes. The couple reunited in 2008, and both appeared in "Dachimawa Lee" (directed by Ryoo's older brother Ryoo Seung-wan), though they did not share any scenes. In 2010 Ryoo made a cameo in Gong's TV series "Pasta". Often topping surveys of favorite Korean celeb couples, they shocked fans in 2012 by announcing that they had ended their relationship.

</doc>
<doc id="19436682" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19436682" title="The Family Values Tour 2001">
The Family Values Tour 2001

The Family Values Tour 2001 is a live album with various artists performing on stage during "The Family Values Tour" in fall 2001. It is released on May 7, 2002. The album includes various artists performing at the "Family Values Tour" in 2001, such as Linkin Park, Staind, Deadsy, Stone Temple Pilots, Static-X, and Staind frontman Aaron Lewis. The hit song "Wonderful", the only single off the album, is performed live during the "Family Values 2001 Tour" by American rock band Stone Temple Pilots, which features additional vocals from Chester Bennington of Linkin Park.
Background.
"The Family Values 2001 Tour" was recorded live at assorted dates on the annual alt-metal tour. While it's heavy on the workmanlike rock of Stone Temple Pilots, the album does include some other strong performances. Staind vocalist Aaron Lewis, who made his name with some standout performances during the 2000 "Family Values Tour" outing, returns here with an acoustic version of Pearl Jam's "Black." He also assists Linkin Park with a vicious take on "One Step Closer," and fronts his own band for two songs. While the histrionic, flash-in-the-pan industrial outfit Static-X overstays their welcome with two songs, a cover of Rush's "Tom Sawyer" by the delightfully campy Deadsy churns with furious drum fills and a spot-on bass solo.
The album was produced by Josh Abraham, before his collaboration with Linkin Park on "Reanimation" (2002), while executive production was handled by American nu metal band Korn and Jeff Kwatinetz. The tracks by various artists in the album were recorded live on "The Family Values Tour", in the fall of 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="19436700" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19436700" title="ESolar">
ESolar

eSolar is a privately held company that develops concentrating solar power (CSP) plant technology. The company was founded by the Pasadena-based business incubator Idealab in 2007 as a developer of CSP plant technology. The company aims to develop a low cost alternative to fossil fuels through a combination of small heliostats, modular architecture, and a high-precision sun-tracking system.
Technology.
Heliostat design.
eSolar has designed heliostats that are smaller than the industry norm, allowing for pre-fabrication, mass-manufacturing, and easy installation, thereby reducing production and installation costs.
Sun-tracking software.
eSolar has developed a sun-tracking control system that is able to calibrate heliostats and monitor the performance of each heliostat within the field. Tests have shown an unprecedented pointing accuracy and high thermal concentration ratios. 
Power tower and electricity generation.
An array of heliostats reflect solar radiation to a tower mounted thermal receiver. The concentrated solar energy boils water in the receiver to produce steam. The steam is piped to a steam turbine generator, which converts the energy to electricity. The steam out of the turbine is condensed and pressurized back into the receiver.
Module.
eSolar's field layout design is built around the concept of scalable modules. Each module comprises several thousand heliostats arranged in two subfields - north and south - which track the sun and concentrate solar energy to the tower mounted receiver. The field layout is a simple, regular design that eliminates precision surveying and ground penetration. 
A 46 MW eSolar power unit consists of sixteen heliostat fields and towers, a single steam turbine generator set, and a steam condenser, with a typical footprint of approximately 100 hectares (250 acres). These basic 46 MW units are designed to be scaled up to fit specific power requirements.
Sierra SunTower.
In the summer of 2009, eSolar unveiled the 5 MW Sierra SunTower plant, a commercial facility in Lancaster, California that demonstrates the company's technology. Sierra SunTower is interconnected to the Southern California Edison (SCE) grid and, as of spring 2010, is the only commercial CSP tower facility in North America. 
Sierra SunTower includes two eSolar modules. 24,000 heliostats, divided between four sub-fields, track the sun and focus its energy onto two tower-mounted receivers. The focused heat converts feedwater piped to the receivers into superheated steam that drives a reconditioned 1947 GE turbine generator to produce electricity. The steam passes through a steam condenser, reverts to water through cooling, and the process repeats. 
During the 12 months of construction, Sierra SunTower created over 300 temporary jobs. In operation, the site employs 21 permanent employees.
Sierra Suntower has been certified by the California Energy Commission as a renewable energy facility. Power from the facility is sold under a Power Purchase Agreement (PPA) with SCE, providing renewable energy for up to 4,000 homes.
The 5 MW output from Sierra SunTower reduces emissions by 7,000 tons per year, an amount equivalent to planting of trees, removing 1,368 automobiles from the road, or saving 650,000 gallons of gasoline.
Molten salt-based solar plant.
eSolar, with its partner, Babcock & Wilcox Power Generation Group, has been working on the design of a modular molten salt-based concentrating solar power plant since 2010. With the support from the U. S. Department of Energy, the companies try to come up with a design for plants with flexibility of the sizes from 50 to 200 MW by replicating the basic module without a redesign. Each module uses hexagonal heliostat field to reflect sunlight to the salt-in-tube external thermal receiver on top of the tower at the center. With many modules working together, the receivers heat the 285ºC cold salt input and return 565ºC hot salt to centrally located storage. The hot salt will then be used in the generator system to generate electricity. The new system incorporates the experience from the Sierra SunTower which uses a Babcock & Wilcox's water-based receiver, and the finding from the Solar Two project.
Partnerships.
NRG.
NRG Energy, Inc. partnered with eSolar in February 2009 to develop solar power plants with a total generation capacity of up to 500 MW at sites within California and across the Southwestern United States. Additionally, NRG invested approximately $10 million for equity and associated development rights for three projects and a portfolio of PPAs to develop, build, own, and operate up to 11 eSolar modular solar generating units at these sites. The development assets will use eSolar's concentrating solar power (CSP) technology to sell renewable electricity under contracted PPAs with local utilities seeking competitively priced, zero-carbon solar power.
Penglai Electric.
In January 2010, eSolar announced a partnership with Penglai Electric, a privately owned Chinese electrical power equipment manufacturer, to build 2,000 MW of solar thermal power plants in China by 2021.
The deal represents China's largest CSP project to date (Spring 2010) and has a total potential capital investment of more than $5 billion. Under the master licensing agreement, Penglai Electric will use eSolar's solar thermal technology. The first plant of 92 MW will break ground in 2010. The plants will be co-located with biomass electricity generation facilities, together eliminating 15 million tons of carbon dioxide emissions annually.
Ferrostaal.
In February 2010, Ferrostaal, a global power and industrial plant developer, partnered with eSolar to deploy turnkey solar power plants in countries including Spain, the United Arab Emirates, and South Africa. Under the partnership, eSolar will provide solar field and receiver technology, while Ferrostaal will supply the power block, act as general contractor, and manage financing activities.
Recognition and awards.
When eSolar's Sierra SunTower was unveiled in August 2009, California governor Arnold Schwarzenegger praised the company for, "...proving that California’s energy and environmental leadership are advancing carbon-free, cost-effective energy that can be used around the world." 
In December 2009, eSolar was honored by the World Economic Forum as a 2010 Technology Pioneer. The award recognizes eSolar’s technological innovation and global commitment to delivering a clean, low-cost energy alternative to fossil fuels. An interview with Bill Gross is featured on YouTube where he responds to four questions posed to each of the World Economic Forum's Technology Pioneer 2010 winners. 
In December 2009, editors of "Power Engineering" magazine selected Sierra SunTower as the winner of the "Best Renewable Project", recognizing the facility as an exceptional power generation project toward meeting growing global demand.
In February 2010, Sierra SunTower won Renewable Energy World’s "Renewable Project of the Year" award. The award recognized eSolar's achievements in the clean energy industry by naming Sierra SunTower an exceptional breakthrough in the commercialization of solar thermal technology.
In February 2010, eSolar was named one of The Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT)'s "Technology Review"'s 2010 TR50. The TR50 is a list of the 50 most innovative companies in the world, those that have demonstrated superiority at creating technology that transforms how we live. The 2010 TR50 celebrates the development of emerging technologies and the progress made in those already established. eSolar is honored alongside such companies as Google, Apple, Twitter, and IBM. 
In March 2010, the Wall Street Journal's first survey of venture-backed clean-technology companies featured eSolar as a Top 10 Cleantech Company with the capital, executive experience, and investor know-how to succeed in an increasingly crowded field.
Investors.
eSolar has secured over $182 million in investment funds. Investors include Google.org, Oak Investment Partners, NRG Energy, ACME Group, Idealab, and Quercus Trust.

</doc>
<doc id="19436709" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19436709" title="One Time Out">
One Time Out

One Time Out is the fifth album by Paul Motian on the Italian Soul Note label. It was released in 1989 and features performances by Motian with Bill Frisell and Joe Lovano.
Reception.
The Allmusic review by Scott Yanow awarded the album 4 stars stating "it is the basic sound of the unique group that makes the CD of great interest".

</doc>
<doc id="19436715" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19436715" title="Chinese Food Made Easy">
Chinese Food Made Easy

Chinese Food Made Easy by Ching He Huang is a 6-part cooking television series commissioned and shown by BBC Two and BBC HD.
Overview.
The series contains Ching's own versions of easy to make Chinese Food, spicy Szechuan food, Noodles, Dim sum, Sea Food, Fast Food, Desserts and Celebratory Food, where she presents a complete banquet.
Episodes.
Olympic medal winning rower Katherine Grainger appears in the first episode of the series. Ching teaches Katherine how to cook a healthy version of sweet and sour pork. The show attracted 2.9 million viewers at a share of 13% that night.
In another episode she creates her unique Chinese style version of the popular British take away dish fish and chips. She aims to create the ideal balance of east and west. Ching often reinvents favourite Chinese dishes, modernizing them with fresh, easy to buy ingredients and offers simple practical tips and techniques.
Much of the fresh produce she used in her authentic Chinese cookery are grown or made locally in the UK, for example chillies from Chorley, Tofu from Melton Mowbray, soy sauce from Wales and pak choi from Preston. Ching has visited and credits them with producing high quality products and vegetables.
Broadcasts.
"Chinese Food Made Easy" has been licensed into The Cooking Channel (USA), New Zealand, Germany, Iceland, Poland and Australia as well and has been picked up by BBC’s Lifestyle channel for all its Asian feeds, including China, Hong Kong, Taiwan, Singapore and Korea.
Publications.
A recipe book also called "Chinese Food Made Easy" accompanies the TV series.

</doc>
<doc id="19436718" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19436718" title="Ida Hjort Kraby">
Ida Hjort Kraby

Ida Hjort Kraby (born 20 September 1960) is a Norwegian jurist.
The daughter of Pål Kraby, Ida Hjort Kraby graduated from the University of Oslo as cand.jur. in 1988. She had worked as a research assistant there from 1986 to 1987, and was hired as a consultant in the Ministry of Justice and the Police in 1988. From 1990 to 1993 she was a deputy judge in Lofoten, and from 1993 to 2008 she was a lawyer at the Office of the Attorney General. 
In 2008 she was appointed Ombudsman for Children in Norway, succeeding Reidar Hjermann. Later, it was revealed that Kraby had friendly relations with Minister of Children and Equality, Manuela Ramin-Osmundsen. Ramin-Osmundsen withdrew from her position, as did Kraby who never got the time to formally enter the post. The ombudsman post was again open, and Hjermann was this time found worthy of a second term.
Kraby is the daughter of the late Pål Fredrik Kraby, who was a prominent Norwegian businessperson and lawyer.

</doc>
<doc id="19436725" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19436725" title="Whitecross (album)">
Whitecross (album)

Whitecross is the eponymous debut album from the Christian metal band Whitecross, released on September 5, 1987. It reached #17 on "Billboard"'s Top Contemporary Christian Albums chart. In 2010, HM Magazine listed "Whitecross" #29 on its Top 100 Christian Rock Albums of All Time list stating that "listen to this album. It’ll blow your mind. It’s simplistic ‘80s metal to a fault (think Ratt with Jesus-first lyrics), but the shredding lead guitar by Rex Carroll in every fill, nook and cranny is primo." Heaven's Metal fanzine ranked it #4 on its Top 100 Christian metal albums of all time list.

</doc>
<doc id="19436730" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19436730" title="Christian Beggi">
Christian Beggi

Christian Beggi (born November 1, 1978 in Scandiano) is an Italian Grand Prix motocross racer. 
Beggi began his professional career in 2002. In 2004, he finished second to Yves Demaria in the F.I.M. MX3-GP world championship. He finished third in 2006. After being injured during the 2007 season, he came back to finish second to Sven Breugelmans in the 2008 MX3-GP world championship.

</doc>
<doc id="19436745" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19436745" title="2000–01 Liga Leumit">
2000–01 Liga Leumit

The 2000–01 Liga Leumit season saw Hapoel Be'er Sheva and Maccabi Kiryat Gat promoted to the Israeli Premier League, the latter for the first time in their history. Maccabi Ironi Kiryat Ata and Hapoel Jerusalem were relegated to Liga Artzit. Abed Titi of Maccabi Ahi Nazareth was the league's top scorer with 22 goals.
Following the first three rounds (33 games), the table was split into two, with teams from the "Upper group" and "Lower group" playing each other once more to make a total of 38 matches. The split meant that clubs in the bottom eight could not finish above those in the top eight, even though the four clubs finishing 7th-10th finished with more points that the 5th- and 6th-placed clubs.
Final table.
1. 2 points deducted for violating of budget rules.
2. 1 point deducted for duplicating player contracts.
3. Before the start of the season, Maccabi Acre moved to Kiryat Ata and were renamed Maccabi Ironi Kiryat Ata.

</doc>
<doc id="19436776" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19436776" title="823d Air Division">
823d Air Division

The 823d Air Division (823d AD) is an inactive United States Air Force organization. Its last assignment was with Strategic Air Command, assigned to Second Air Force, being stationed at McCoy Air Force Base, Florida. It was inactivated on 30 June 1971.
Activated in 1956 as an intermediate command echelon of Strategic Air Command, providing command and control of B-47 Stratojet subordinate units in long range offensive bombardment and air to air refueling operations. After the B-47's phaseout in 1965, controlled B-52D and B-52G Stratofortress Wings in the Southeastern United States converted to conventional bombing configuration for use in the Vietnam War. Between 1965 and 1975, the division's subordinate units deployed aircraft and crews to Strategic Air Command organizations in Southeast Asia in support of Arc Light combat operations. The 823d also conducted staff assistance visits and participated in exercises such as Buckskin Rider.
Inactivated in 1971 as part of SAC's withdrawal from Southeast Asia and also as a result of budgetary reductions.
History.
Lineage.
Inactivated on 30 June 1971.
Components.
Wings

</doc>
<doc id="19436790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19436790" title="Bill Cleary (Australian footballer)">
Bill Cleary (Australian footballer)

Bill 'Bice' Cleary (born 26 October 1868) was an Australian rules footballer who played for Fitzroy in the Victorian Football League (VFL).
Cleary came from South Ballarat and was 28 when he captained Fitzroy in the inaugural VFL season. He lost the captaincy to Alec Sloan the following season. His final league game was as a forward pocket Fitzroy's 1899 Grand Final triumph, having come into the side towards the end of the season after not playing for over a year.

</doc>
<doc id="19436800" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19436800" title="Forward defence">
Forward defence

The forward defence is one of the most commonly used shots in cricket.
Played to a good length ball, the batsman attempts to defend his wicket by smothering the ball before it has had much opportunity to spin or move off the seam. With a well-bent front knee, the shot can also help combat variable bounce.
Whilst the shot is a defensive one, there can be opportunities to score from it, if the shot is particularly well timed, or if the batsmen run a quick single.

</doc>
<doc id="19436832" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19436832" title="Alice Dixson">
Alice Dixson

Alice Dixson (born July 28, 1969, Jessie Alice Celones Dixson) or often misspelled Alice Dixon, is an actress, commercial model, and former beauty queen of Filipino descent. Born to an American father and Filipino mother, she was the Philippines' representative for Miss International in 1986 and became a household name in 1987 through a Palmolive soap TV commercial where she sang the phrase ""I can feel it!"". After joining a talent contest in "Eat Bulaga!" and Binibining Pilipinas, her show business career started with the role of Faye, a fairy princess, who fell in love with an earthling in "Okay Ka, Fairy Ko". At that time, Eat Bulaga! was airing on RPN and one of its hosts, Vic Sotto, requested her to be part of the TV series (he is the owner of M-Zet Productions that produced "Okay Ka, Fairy Ko").
In January 2011, she returned to show business via "Babaeng Hampaslupa" which aired on TV5. This was succeeded with "Glamorosa", "Isang Dakot Na Luha" (2012), "Enchanted Garden" (2012) and two movies "Ang Panday 2" (2011) and "Just One Summer" (2012). Her next TV series is "Never Say Goodbye" which airs in January 2013 on TV5.
Dixson is a licensed realtor in the Province of British Columbia, Canada and also a licensed real estate agent in the State of Florida, USA.
Dixson is also known for her best actress roles in many Viva Films favorites such as "Hanggang Saan, Hanggang Kailan" (1993), "Sa Isang Sulok Ng Pangarap" (1994, based on the popular comics series by RJ Nuevas), "Pangako Ng Kahapon" (1994), "Sana Dalawa Ang Puso Ko" (1995) and the all-star cast of the action film "Silakbo" (1995) with Cesar Montano, Anjanette Abayari and Marjorie Barretto. Dixson is also a film favorite when she was paired with Christopher De Leon in films like "My Husband's Woman" (1993), "Bakit Ngayon Ka Lang" (1994, OctoArts Films) and "Pahiram Kahit Sandali" (1999, Regal Films), which was an R-rated but critically acclaimed film because of both leading woman's portrayals by Dixson and Ara Mina, earning credit for Director Maryo J. Delos Reyes. She reunited with De Leon and leading man Richard Gomez in the hit telenovela "Ang Iibigin Ay Ikaw" (2002 to 2005).
Personal life.
Dixson married Ronnie Miranda in May 1999 in Richmond, British Columbia Canada. But because of a very successful return to show business in 2011, they separated in January 2012. The two filed jointly for divorce in Vancouver, BC on December 2012 citing irreconcilable differences, with the divorce finalized in February 2013.
Dixson holds dual U.S.-Canadian citizenship, receiving her Canadian citizenship on December 12, 2012.
Alice has an adopted younger brother named Robert Dixson.

</doc>
<doc id="19436835" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19436835" title="Bouthillier">
Bouthillier

Bouthillier is a surname, and may refer to;

</doc>
<doc id="19436838" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19436838" title="Markham College of Commerce">
Markham College of Commerce

Markham College of Commerce is the only college in Hazaribagh, Jharkhand providing a specialized education in commerce. The college was established in late 1970s. It was founded by Shiv Dayal Singh and named after ex-principal Sir Markham Sahab. The college initially had 5 students and has now grown to a strength of 5000 students soon after. 
The college has a very scenic campus. College now has almost all streams under science and Arts as well. But that has never compromised on the quality commerce education. 
The college is part of the Vinod Bhave University, and is one of the oldest colleges of this university.

</doc>
<doc id="19436841" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19436841" title="Love on the Line (EP)">
Love on the Line (EP)

Love on the Line: The 6.98 EP was a $6.98 EP recording from the Christian metal band Whitecross. It was never released on CD; it was only released on cassette tape & 12" vinyl record formats. Tracks 1 and 2 are new, and were never included on any future Whitecross albums (to date). Tracks 3 and 4 are taken from the Whitecross debut album. Track 1 can also be found on a few compilations which are available on CD (Testify & Heavy Righteous Metal compilations). Track 2 is available on CD as a bonus track on the Japanese version of "In the Kingdom". The B-side repeats the four songs from the A-side.
"CCM" magazine stated that the lyrics showed that the band had an "evident evangelistic zeal."

</doc>
<doc id="19436842" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19436842" title="Hugh McEwen">
Hugh McEwen

Hugh G. McEwen (born 2 April 1877) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Fitzroy in the Victorian Football League (VFL).
McEwen, who began at Fitzroy in their debut VFL season, was a defender from Hamilton. He played as a back pocket in his club's 1899 premiership side and was in the same position when they lost the 1900 Grand Final to Melbourne.

</doc>
<doc id="19436844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19436844" title="Mac Yasuda">
Mac Yasuda

Mac Yasuda is one of the world's foremost vintage-guitar collectors. He is a California-based guitar dealer and a friend of the actor Steven Seagal. He started off running an English language school in Kobe, Japan, in the 1970s and eventually became one of the largest vintage guitar dealers/collectors in the United States and an executive in the organization of Akira Tsumura, the heir to the Japanese Tsumura Corporation built on their bath salt "basukurin" which is a household name over there and who was disgraced in an abuse of corporate office scandal in 1997.

</doc>
<doc id="19436861" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19436861" title="Sigmund Skard">
Sigmund Skard

Sigmund Skard (31 July 1903 – 26 May 1995) was a Norwegian poet, essayist and professor of literature.
He was born in Kristiansand as a son of educators Matias Skard (1846–1927) and Gyda Christensen (1868–1916). He was a nephew of Johannes Skar and Christopher Bruun, a brother of Bjarne and Eiliv Skard and a half-brother of Olav and Torfinn Skard.
He took the dr.philos. degree in 1938 with a thesis on Aasmund Olavsson Vinje. He was hired at the University Library of Oslo, and was connected to the Royal Norwegian Society of Sciences and Letters in Trondheim. During the German occupation of Norway, he fled to the United States and worked at the Library of Congress and the Office of War Information.
After the war he settled at Lysaker, and worked as a professor in American literature at the University of Oslo from 1946 to 1973. A proponent of the Nynorsk language form, he was the secretary of the publishing house Det Norske Samlaget from 1930 to 1938, and chairman of the board from 1949 to 1972. From 1940 to 1950 he was the vice chairman of Noregs Mållag.
Skard has an extensive bibliography, and has received numerous awards. The most prestigious awards were the 1983 Arts Council Norway Honorary Award and the 1992 Brage Honorary Prize.
In January 1933 in Aker he married Åse Gruda Koht. She was the daughter of Halvdan Koht and Karen Grude Koht. The couple had five children; among them Halvdan Skard, Torild Skard and Målfrid Grude Flekkøy.

</doc>
<doc id="19436870" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19436870" title="Jenny Bindon">
Jenny Bindon

Jenny Bindon, born Jenny Lynn Bourn on in Belleville, Illinois, is an association football goalkeeper who represented New Zealand at international level. Bindon played 77 full internationals in between 2004 and 2010.
High school.
Jenny and her twin sister, Sarah, were multi-sport stars at Belleville West High School. The two participated in basketball, volleyball, softball, tennis, and cross country. Girls soccer was not offered at the time.
NCAA career.
Bindon played basketball (1991–93), tennis (1991–92), and soccer (1992) for the Southern Illinois University Edwardsville Cougars. She left SIUE to enlist in the United States Coast Guard. After the Coast Guard, Bindon returned to the field in 1998 at Lewis University in Romeoville, Illinois, where she played soccer and basketball.
International career.
Bindon made her full Football Ferns debut in a 0–2 loss to Australia on 18 February 2004, and represented New Zealand at the 2007 FIFA Women's World Cup finals in China, where they lost to Brazil (0–5), Denmark (0–2) and China (0–2).
Bindon was also included in the New Zealand squad for the 2008 Summer Olympic games where they drew with Japan (2–2) before losing to Norway(0–1) and Brazil (0–4).
On 7 March 2011 Bindon earned her 50th A-international cap in a 5–2 loss to France in the Cyprus Cup, becoming the first New Zealand goalkeeper to reach the milestone.
At the 2012 London Olympics, Bindon played all 360 minutes in 4 matches played by New Zealand. She conceded 5 goals, 2 to the USA who sent them home with a 0–2 quarter-final defeat. Other goals conceded in group stage, to Great Britain (0–1), Brazil (0–1), and Cameroon (3–1); Her goalkeeping performance was critical to New Zealand advancing to second stage, since they advanced by better goal difference than Korea DPR.
At 39 years of age, she was the oldest competitor in 2012 Olympic women's football tournament. After her last match in 2012 Olympics, she did not rule out competing for the 2015 FIFA Women's World Cup in Canada, quote: “I’ve been asked that question many times because of my age. But there’s no reason for me to stop as long as this smile stays on my face and my body keeps holding out.”
Bindon announced her retirement from international football in February 2014
Personal life.
Jenny moved to New Zealand after her marriage to Grant Bindon, former captain of the New Zealand Men's volleyball team, whom she met while they were students at Lewis University. They have one son, Tyler.

</doc>
<doc id="19436900" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19436900" title="Hazaribag Times">
Hazaribag Times

Hazaribag Times is a Hindi weekly newspaper published from Hazaribag, Jharkhand, India. It is one of the oldest newspaper solely published from Hazaribag. The newspaper was started by well known educationist Subodh Singh Shivgeet to meet the need of local news. The boldness of the newspaper to bring the news to the public at any cost has made it a popular newspaper of Hazaribag.
Few very interesting news articles from this newspaper which has received mass appeal are as follows:
The newspaper has faced controversy in the past because of its news article exposing the Coal Mafias from Hazaribag.

</doc>
<doc id="19436918" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19436918" title="Ria Percival">
Ria Percival

Ria Dawn Percival (born 7 December 1989) is a New Zealand professional footballer, who is a member of the New Zealand national woman's team and currently plays for FF USV Jena of the Frauen Bundesliga.
Biography.
Percival represented New Zealand at age group level, appearing at the 2006 Women's U-20 World Cup finals in Russia, and again represented the young ferns at the 2008 Women's U-20 World Cup in Chile where she scored both of New Zealand's goals in their 3–2 loss to Nigeria.
Percival made her Football Ferns debut in a 0–3 loss to China on 14 November 2006, and represented New Zealand at the 2007 FIFA Women's World Cup finals in China, where they lost to Brazil 0–5, Denmark (0–2) and China (0–2).
Percival was also included in the New Zealand squad for the 2008 Summer Olympic games where they drew with Japan (2–2) before losing to Norway (0–1) and the United States (0–4).
On 9 March 2011 Percival earned her 50th A-international cap in a 5–0 loss to Mexico in the playoff for 7th place at the Cyprus Cup.
Percival contested her fifth major tournament when she appeared in all three of New Zealand's games at the 2011 FIFA Women's World Cup in Germany.

</doc>
<doc id="19436947" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19436947" title="Abby Erceg">
Abby Erceg

Abby Erceg (born 20 November 1989) is a professional New Zealander footballer who is a member of the New Zealand women's national team. Erceg currently plays for FF USV Jena in the German Bundesliga and has previously played for Espanyol in the Superliga Femenina and Adelaide United in the Australian W-League.
International career.
Erceg made her full Football Ferns début in a 0-3 loss to China on 14 November 2006, and represented New Zealand at the 2007 FIFA Women's World Cup finals in China, where they lost to Brazil 0-5, Denmark (0-2) and China (0-2).
Erceg was also included in the New Zealand squad for the 2008 Summer Olympic games where they drew with Japan (2-2) before losing to Norway(0-1) and USA (0-4).
She was included in the U-20 squad for the 2008 Women's U-20 World Cup finals in Chile.
Erceg earned her 50th cap for New Zealand aged just 21 when starting New Zealand's 2011 Cyprus Cup opening match against The Netherlands on 2 March 2011 and is now the third most capped female player in New Zealand Football history with 62 caps to her name. Erceg was also a part of the team that qualified for the Women's Football World Cup that took place in Germany, in 2011 where they finished 12th overall.

</doc>
<doc id="19436950" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19436950" title="Arts Council Norway Honorary Award">
Arts Council Norway Honorary Award

The Arts Council Norway Honorary Award () is awarded annually by the Arts Council Norway. The prize is awarded annually to a person who has made a significant contribution to Norwegian art and culture. The prize committee does not solicit nominations and the decision on award is made in closed meeting. Traditionally, no decision basis for the award is announced. 
The prize is monetary (in 2005 500,000 Kroner). Since the Council's thirtieth anniversary in December 1994, a bronze lion statuette by the sculptor Elena Engelsen has also been awarded.

</doc>
<doc id="19436955" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19436955" title="Sea nymph (disambiguation)">
Sea nymph (disambiguation)

A sea nymph is one of the fifty daughters of Nereus and Doris in Greek mythology.
Sea Nymph or Sea Nymphs may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19436957" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19436957" title="Hammer &amp; Nail">
Hammer &amp; Nail

Hammer & Nail is the second album from the Christian metal band Whitecross, released on May 23, 1988. It reached No. 15 on "Billboard"'s Top Contemporary Christian Albums chart. A review in "CCM" magazine stated that the album "wages war against mediocrity" so often found in Christian metal.

</doc>
<doc id="19436976" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19436976" title="Thiruvegampet">
Thiruvegampet

Thiruvegampet is a small village near Devakottai in Sivaganga district in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu.

</doc>
<doc id="19436989" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19436989" title="1981 Individual Speedway World Championship">
1981 Individual Speedway World Championship

The 1981 Individual Speedway World Championship.
1981 was the last of a record 26 times that London's famous Wembley Stadium hosted the World Final. In future years when the final was held in England, it would be held at the Odsal Stadium in Bradford until the advent of the Speedway Grand Prix series in 1995. The 1981 Final was held before a reported crowd of 92,500.
Bruce Penhall became the first American to win the World Championship since Jack Milne in 1937. As a past World Championship winner at Wembley, the 74 year old Milne was a special guest at the event and saw Penhall end America's 43 year World Championship drought.

</doc>
<doc id="19437017" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19437017" title="Astra 5A">
Astra 5A

Astra 5A was one of the Astra communications satellites owned and operated by SES at the Astra 31.5°E orbital slot. Launched in 1997 to the 5°E position by NSAB (later SES Sirius, and now a non-autonomous part of SES) as Sirius 2, operation of the satellite was transferred to SES in April 2008 and the craft renamed and moved to 31.5°E to open up a new orbital position for the company for the development of markets in Eastern Europe and the Middle East.
Astra 5A failed in orbit in 2009.
Market.
The Astra 5A satellite provided two broadcast beams, of horizontal and vertical polarisation, across two footprints, called the CEE (Central and Eastern European) beam and the PE (pan-European) beam. The CEE beam provides reception on a 60 cm dish from Poland to northern Turkey, and the Balkans to the Black Sea, while the PE beam extends 60 cm coverage from Tunisia to the Urals and from the Baltic states to Israel.
Countries covered include Armenia, Azerbaijan, Belarus, Bosnia, Bulgaria, 
Czech Republic, Georgia, Hungary, Iran, Jordan, Macedonia, Moldova, Poland, Romania, Russia, Serbia, Slovakia, Tunisia, Turkey, and Ukraine.
Demise of satellite.
On January 16, 2009 Astra 5A "experienced a technical anomaly leading to the end of the spacecraft's mission". All traffic ceased, with much of it (especially channels for German cable service, Kabel Deutschland) transferred to Astra 23.5°E.
Transfer of services to Astra 1D was not practical because this satellite, although effectively co-located with Astra 5A, was in an inclined orbit and usable only for TV contribution services and other intermittent use.
In March 2009, SES announced that in April, the Astra 2C satellite was to be moved from the 28.2° east position to Astra 31.5°E to temporarily take over Astra 5A's mission until Astra 3B was launched to Astra 23.5°E, at which time another craft currently there could be released to 31.5°E. The move of Astra 2C was started in May 2009 and completed on May 11.
In 2010, Astra 3B came into service at Astra 23.5°E and Astra 1G was moved from that position to Astra 31.5°E to take over all broadcasting activity from Astra 2C, which was moved to Astra 19.2°E in September 2010.
In December 2013 it is expected that a new satellite, Astra 5B will be launched to the Astra 31.5°E position to permanently take over all broadcasting from this position.
After the loss of Astra 5A's sun sensors (used to orient towards the sun to charge the craft's batteries) the batteries quickly depleted rendering it impossible to send control information to the satellite. Collisions were a possibility, with Intelsat 802 stated the most probable. In April 2009 SES said that they had managed to regain control of the satellite and that it had been moved out of geostationary orbit, into a higher one, presumably a graveyard orbit.

</doc>
<doc id="19437019" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19437019" title="Triumphant Return">
Triumphant Return

Triumphant Return is the third album from the Christian metal band Whitecross, released on January 31, 1989. It reached No. 13 on "Billboard"'s Top Contemporary Christian Albums chart. The album won the 1990 Dove Award for Hard Music Album of the Year.

</doc>
<doc id="19437035" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19437035" title="Verde Residences and Offices">
Verde Residences and Offices

The Verde Towers or Verde Residences and Offices are award-winning, environmentally sustainable buildings under construction in Dubai Maritime City, Dubai, United Arab Emirates.
Location.
The towers are located on the man-made peninsula called the Dubai Maritime City.
Dubai Maritime City is located northwest of the main city centre and creek area business district. The site is connected by a causeway to Dubai proper.
Principally located towards the east of Dubai, the project site is situated in close proximity to Jumeirah Beach Road (1 km), Bur Dubai (1.5 km), Shindaga tunnel (Deira) (2.5 km), Sheikh Zayed Road (3 km), and the Dubai International Airport. (10 km)
Design.
Designed by the firm of Adrian Smith + Gordon Gill Architecture, the design of the Verde Residences and Offices was described by the developer as:
Adrian Smith and Gordon Gill, two of the most recognized and awarded architects in the world. Their pathbreaking work, which includes landmark tall structures, emphasizes a holistic approach to design that integrates all project disciplines and work symbioticaly with their natural surroundings. Verde, much like their many architectural marvels around the world, continues Adrian's and Gordon's tradition of integrating energy efficient systems and technologies into their designs.
The Verde Towers sustainable design features have been endorsed by the renowned environmental scientist Dr. R.K. Pachauri, co-winner of the 2007 Nobel Peace Prize and chairman of the Intergovernmental Panel for Climate Change, who participated in the project launch on March 26, 2008. Commenting on the launch of VERDE Residences and Offices, Dr. R.K. Pachauri said: “It gives me immense pleasure to be a part of the launch of VERDE Residences and Offices. I am happy that ETA Star Properties have shown the industry the direction towards working on projects that maintain equilibrium in the environment we live and operate in. I must appreciate the efforts of Dubai Maritime City in promoting sustainable development. Let the launch of VERDE lead to setting of a benchmark for many similar projects in this region."
Name.
Mr. Abid Junaid, Executive Director, ETA Star, said: “The name VERDE has its roots in Spanish, which means green. It is rather apt that we have named our first Green project thus. Besides aiming for a Gold-certified Green building, VERDE will provide the best of amenities for both working and living. We are happy to state that this launch is in line with Dubai Maritime City’s vision of sustainable development and to create a unique environment for the global maritime community."
Details.
The Verde Towers is actually two buildings: The Verde Residences, a residential tower with commercial and residential uses on the first 4 levels and The Verde Offices, a commercial tower.
1. Residential tower with retail has a total built up area of .
2. Commercial tower with offices with a total built up area of .
3. Combined built up area of both towers are 
4. The office tower is 33 floors high with 25 office floors and the residential tower is 48 floors high with 40 storeys in height.
Designed by architects Adrian Smith + Gordon Gill, this project is expected to be delivered by early 2011.
Awards.
•Arabian Property Middle East Awards' "Best Green Development Award", Verde Residences + Offices, 2008
•The CNBC Arabian Property Awards, Best Architecture Award, Verde Residences, 2008

</doc>
<doc id="19437044" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19437044" title="Grazia MacIntosh">
Grazia MacIntosh

Grazia MacIntosh (née van Hattum) (born 25 April 1955 in New Plymouth) is a former association football goalkeeper who represented New Zealand at international level.
MacIntosh made her full Football Ferns debut in a 1-2 loss to Australia on 4 October 1981.
MacIntosh is the sister of former All Whites goalkeeper Frank van Hattum and fellow women's international Marie-Jose Cooper.

</doc>
<doc id="19437058" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19437058" title="Finland in the Eurovision Song Contest 1992">
Finland in the Eurovision Song Contest 1992

Finland entered the Eurovision Song Contest 1992 with "Yamma, yamma", sung by Pave Maijanen after they won the Finnish national final.
National final.
The Finnish broadcaster, Yleisradio Oy (YLE), held a national final to select the Finnish entry for the Eurovision Song Contest 1992, held in Malmö, Sweden. The contest was held at the Typhon Hall in Turku on 29 February, hosted by Kati Bergmann. 10 songs competed, with the winner being decided through two round of televoting, the first to select the top 4 songs, with the second selecting the winner.
The winner of the contest was Pave Maijanen with the song "Yamma, yamma", composed by Maijanen and written by Hector.
At Eurovision.
Maijanen performed 12th on the night of the contest, following Iceland and preceding Switzerland. "Yamma, yamma" received 4 points, 3 points from Yugoslavia and 1 point from Israel, placing last of 23 countries competing.

</doc>
<doc id="19437060" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19437060" title="Laystall">
Laystall

A laystall was a place where cattle going to market could be held, and by extension became a term for a place where detritus (particularly dung) was accumulated awaiting its removal.
The siting of laystalls was a contentious issue during the rebuilding of London after the fire of 1666, due to the noise and nuisance they created. Several streets in the UK bear the name Laystall Street, such as in Clerkenwell, London.

</doc>
<doc id="19437063" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19437063" title="Chao'an District">
Chao'an District

Chao'an (Chinese Postal Map Romanisation: Chaoan; ) is a district of Chaozhou City in eastern Guangdong Province. It was Chao'an County until June 2013, when it became a district.
It has an area of 1238.77 square kilometers and a population of 1,076,500. It is under the jurisdiction of Chaozhou prefecture-level city.

</doc>
<doc id="19437076" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19437076" title="820th Strategic Aerospace Division">
820th Strategic Aerospace Division

The 820th Strategic Aerospace Division (820th SAD) is an inactive United States Air Force organization. Its last assignment was with Strategic Air Command, assigned to Eighth Air Force, being stationed at Plattsburgh Air Force Base, New York. It was inactivated on June 25, 1965.
History.
Activated in 1956 as an intermediate command echelon of Strategic Air Command, providing command and control of B-47 Stratojet subordinate units in New England and upper New York. It also managed SAC MAJCOM B-52 Stratofortress Strategic wings, along with air refueling squadrons. The 820th supervised the organization and training of its subordinate units in long range bombardment and air to air refueling operations. Acquired control of SM-65 Atlas ICBM missile wings in 1962 for strategic aerospace warfare using intercontinental ballistic missiles, being redesignated as a Strategic Aerospace Division.
The division supervised the training of assigned reserve personnel and units. In fulfilling its mission, the 820th participated in numerous training exercises. Inactivated in June 1965 as part of the phaseout of the B-47.
Components.
Wings
Squadrons
Aircraft and Missiles.
KC-97s of 341st ARS assigned to Dow AFB, Maine = 22 aircraft---one was an "E" model, tail 51-151 (overwing fueling only), we had several "F" models (no drop tanks but central pressure fueling) and the balance were 52- "G" models. some I remember were 52-619, -620, -621, -622, -623 and -624. All had R-4360-59B engines. The air re-fuleing tank location was very different on "E", "F", and "G" models and the flight engineers station was a mess on 51-151.

</doc>
<doc id="19437078" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19437078" title="Mang Pandoy">
Mang Pandoy

Felipe Natanio (1945–2008) was a Filipino street vendor whose claim to fame was his role, under the pseudonym ""Mang Pandoy"" (Mister Pandoy), as "the face of the poor" during the administration of President Fidel V. Ramos.
The Face of the Poor.
Natanio shot to national fame as the result of the 1992 Presidential Debates, where host Randy David showed a video presentation of the street vendor's life circumstances before asking the candidates how they would address poverty, as exemplified and humanized by Natanio's story. During the segment, his identity was concealed under the pseudonym "Mang Pandoy." 
Living in a small shack in Commonwealth village in Quezon City, Mang Pandoy's education had ended in the third grade, and he earned a living for himself and his eight children by selling vegetables by the street side. This earned him about Php50 a day. By 1992, however, he had gotten too sick to do even that, and was at a loss over how he would feed his family. He joked that he would be willing to be shot in exchange for Php 100 000, which would provide for his family's needs.
When Fidel Ramos won the presidential election, the new president presented Mang Pandoy to the Philippine public in his first State of the Nation Address (SONA) as "the face of the poor," promising him and other poor Filipinos a better life.
Doleouts.
Since Ramos had called attention to his plight, Mang Pandoy was presented with a number of new opportunities during the Ramos administration. He was hired as the co-host of ""Ang Pandayan ni Mang Pandoy"", a weekly television show on the government-owned television network PTV 4 (now NBN 4), where he earned at least Php2,000 per episode. Later, he was hired as a consultant by the then Speaker of the Philippine House of Representatives, Jose de Venecia. These jobs were his last employment. He would later receive doleouts both from De Venecia and from the Quezon City government but he was unable to make the money grow, and he eventually faded into relative obscurity.
Death and legacy.
At about 6:30 p.m. August 28, 2008, at age 63, Mang Pandoy finally succumbed to tuberculosis, a symbol of the Filipino poor and, in the words of one news report, "an icon of token relief and unkept promises."
One commentator, expounding on the events that brought Mang Pandoy from poverty to fame and back noted:
Jaime Aristotle Alip,CEO and founder of Center for Agriculture and Rural Development Mutually Reinforcing Institutions (CARD MRI) which one 2008's Ramon Magsaysay award for public service, took note of the icon's death at a forum after receiving the award, noting the need for long term solutions to poverty in the Philippines rather than the dole-out approach that Mang Pandoy's story typified. Alip noted:
Since his family could not afford a burial for Mang Pandoy the Department of Social Welfare and Development (DSWD) eventually gave Php12,500 so that "the Face of the Filipino Poor" could finally be buried.
Although Mang Pandoy's symbolic role in Philippine history has been far greater, it has been likened to that of Joe The Plumber in the 2008 US Presidential Elections.

</doc>
<doc id="19437098" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19437098" title="Maia Jackman">
Maia Jackman

Maia Giselle Jackman MNZM (born 25 May 1975) is an association football player who represented New Zealand at international level.
Jackman made her full Football Ferns debut in a 0-0 draw with Canada on 6 August 1993, and represented New Zealand at the 2007 FIFA Women's World Cup finals in China, where they lost to Brazil 0-5, Denmark (0-2) and China (0-2).
Jackman was made a Member of the New Zealand Order of Merit in the 2013 New Year's Honours, for her services to association football.

</doc>
<doc id="19437099" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19437099" title="1980 Individual Speedway World Championship">
1980 Individual Speedway World Championship

The 1980 Individual Speedway World Championship.

</doc>
<doc id="19437102" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19437102" title="Callianira">
Callianira

Callianira can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19437107" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19437107" title="2001–02 Liga Leumit">
2001–02 Liga Leumit

The 2001–02 Liga Leumit season saw Hapoel Kfar Saba and Bnei Yehuda promoted to the Israeli Premier League. Hapoel Beit She'an were relegated to Liga Artzit alongside Hakoah Ramat Gan, who, despite finishing seventh, were demoted due to their financial problems, reprieving 11th-placed Tzafririm Holon. Lior Asulin of Maccabi Herzliya was the league's top scorer with 28 goals.
Final table.
1. Three points deducted for violating budget rules.

</doc>
<doc id="19437114" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19437114" title="Satan (band)">
Satan (band)

Satan are a heavy metal band originating from Newcastle, England in 1979, known as part of the New Wave of British Heavy Metal movement. Though generally obscure throughout their career, the band is considered influential for playing a form of proto-thrash/speed metal that was fairly advanced by the standards of the early 1980s.
Their line-up has undergone a number of personnel changes and even name changes; for a time the band was called Blind Fury, putting out one album, 1985's "Out of Reach", under that moniker before reverting to Satan. In 1988, the group changed its name again to The Kindred and then yet again to Pariah, releasing two albums under that name before folding in the early 90s. In 1998, Pariah released another album. The band's shifting line-up has included members of many other heavy metal bands such as Blitzkrieg, Rough Edge, Pariah, Atomkraft, Avenger, Persian Risk, Cronos and Battleaxe. In 1990, Steve Ramsey (guitar) and Graeme English (bass) together with singer Martin Walkyier of UK thrash metal band Sabbat founded folk metal band Skyclad.
Satan performed a one-off gig at Germany's Wacken Open Air in 2004 and finally reunited in their original "Court in the Act" line-up in 2011. The band performed at several European festivals in 2011 and 2012 and announced more festival shows and a new album for 2013. The new album, "Life Sentence", was released 29 April (Europe)/21 May (U.S.) 2013 via Listenable Records.

</doc>
<doc id="19437120" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19437120" title="Cymo">
Cymo

Cymo can refer to: 

</doc>
<doc id="19437139" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19437139" title="Switzerland in the Eurovision Song Contest 1992">
Switzerland in the Eurovision Song Contest 1992

Switzerland entered the Eurovision Song Contest 1992 with Daisy Auvray and the song "Mister Music Man".
National final.
The Swiss broadcaster, SRG SSR idée suisse, hosted a national final to select the Swiss entry for the Eurovision Song Contest 1992, held in Malmö, Sweden. The contest was held at the Palazzo dei Congressi in Lugano on 23 February, hosted by Alessandra Marchese. 10 songs competed, with the winner decided through the votes of 3 regional juries, an expert jury and a press jury.
The winner of the contest was Geraldine Olivier with the song "Soleil, soleil". However after the contest the song was disqualified after it was revealed that the song was inputted into the French-speaking broadcaster, Télévision Suisse Romande (TSR), for their selection for the contest with French lyrics and was rejected, before being entered into the German-speaking broadcaster, Schweizer Fernsehen (SF), and their selection for the contest with German lyrics and accepted. Therefore the song that came second, "Mister Music Man" by Daisy Auvray went to Malmö for Switzerland. "Mister Music Man" was composed by Gordon Dent.
At Eurovision.
Auvray performed 13th on the night of the contest, following Finland and preceding Luxembourg. She received 32 points: 1 point from Ireland, 4 points from the United Kingdom, 5 points from Belgium, 10 points from Italy and the maximum 12 points from Iceland, placing 15th in a field of 23.

</doc>
<doc id="19437141" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19437141" title="In the Kingdom">
In the Kingdom

In the Kingdom was the fourth album by Christian metal band Whitecross. It reached #12 on "Billboard"'s Top Contemporary Christian Albums chart. The album won a Dove Award for Hard Music Album of the Year for 1991.
The video for the song "No Second Chances" was the band's first video ever seen on MTV's "Headbangers Ball".

</doc>
<doc id="19437148" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19437148" title="Typhoon Irving">
Typhoon Irving

The name Irving has been used for six tropical cyclones in the northwest Pacific Ocean.

</doc>
<doc id="19437149" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19437149" title="Australian Environment Foundation">
Australian Environment Foundation

The Australian Environment Foundation is the not-for-profit climate change denial subsidiary of the Institute of Public Affairs. It differs from many other such groups because it accepts most traditional human activities in the environment, such as farming and forestry, seeking to combine these with an enhanced concern for nature. It has disputed the values of some mainstream environmental assertions, and also on occasion the evidence used to support those assertions.
Membership of the AEF is available only to individuals, and all states are represented in the membership. 
History.
The formation of the AEF was first mooted at the Eureka Forum organised in December 2004 by about a dozen recreational and user groups. It was formally launched on World Environment Day (5 June 2005) in the northern New South Wales town of Tenterfield. "This new group will be vastly different to the established environment organisations that have had the ear of governments for some time. The AEF’s focus will be on making decisions based on science and what is good for both the environment and for people," the group stated in its press release.[http://www.aefweb.info/media770.html] The founding chairman was former Labor federal environment minister, Barry Cohen AM. A subsequent chairman was gardener, author and television presenter Don Burke.
The group's formation attracted criticism from more left-wing environmental groups. They pointed to the fact members of the pro-forestry group Timber Communities Australia were involved in the group, and one of the founders, biologist Dr Jennifer Marohasy, worked for the Institute of Public Affairs. Reporting on the AEF's launch, the Melbourne broadsheet newspaper, 'The Age' wrote: "Dr Marohasy said she acted as the group's leader as an individual and not part of the IPA." [http://www.theage.com.au/news/National/Cool-reception-for-new-green-group/2005/06/07/1118123837470.html]
The launch was covered on the conservative ABC Radio National program ‘Counterpoint’ on 6 June. [http://www.abc.net.au/rn/talks/counterpoint/default.htm]

</doc>
<doc id="19437157" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19437157" title="Antaratama">
Antaratama

Antaratama ((translation: "Nearest Dear") (2008)is a Bengali Movie based on Sarat Chadra Catterjee's story Swami, and was released in 2008. Directed by Soumya Supriyo, the movie featured Chiranjit, Sreelekha Mitra.
Plot.
This film, a big screen adaptation of Sarat Ch. Chattopadhyay’s SWAMI is about a girl Soudamini (Srilekha Mitra) who is an educated girl and stays in the village with her mother, a widow and her uncle who is very close to her and in like a father to her as she has lost father before. Her mother desperately wants to get her married though her uncle is willing to give more time to find a suitable groom for her. One day Naren (Shyamal Akash), son of the Jamindar arrives after years though Soudamini fails to recognize him. Gradually they bond together and fall in love. Meanwhile her uncle comes across a good marriage proposal and goes to the groom’s house and fix Soudamini’s marriage. On his way back he falls seriously ill and passes away. Before he passes away he makes his sister promise him that she should only get her daughter named to Ghanashyam (Chiranjit) the would be groom of Soudamini whom he had met and liked though he was not qualified. Soudamini gets married to Ghanashyam as she had waited long enough for Naren who had away, but did not return. After her marriage Soudamini discovers that several family members who reside with her husband her all dependent on Ghanashyam and live off him yet don’t care the list about him or his whereabouts of them needs are fulfilled the only exception being her widow young sister-in-law who is very close to Ghanashyam. Naren comes back and discovers Soudamini is married. He turns up at Ghanashyam’s house as he turns out to a friend of Nikhil, Ghanashyam’s younger brother. Soudamini’s mother-in-law sees Soudamini talking to Naren and informs Ghanashyam, buthe doesn’t tell Soudamini anything. Soudamini discovers a letter one day which says that her house in her village has been burned down due to a fire and also she discovers her jewellery missing. She confronts Ghanashyam this issues and insults him. But he is as usual calm and composed and doesn’t tell her the worth. Naren asks her to join him and leave the house forever one night. Soudamini is confronted by Bishnupriya, her sister-in-law, who tells her the worth regarding the house and the jewellery. Soudamini nevertheless goes with Naren but she feels guilty midway and wants to come back. Naren asks her to reconsider her decision but she is adamant. Naren deserts her and goes away. She decides to drown herself, but prevented from doing so by her husband.

</doc>
<doc id="19437164" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19437164" title="1952 Ireland rugby union tour of South America">
1952 Ireland rugby union tour of South America

The 1952 Ireland rugby union tour of South America, was a series of rugby matches played in Chile and Argentina. This tour by the Ireland national rugby union team coincided with the death of Eva Peron, the wife of Juan Peron, the President of Argentina. As a result it was almost cancelled. Eva Peron died on July 26, six days after the Irish squad had departed Dublin. However after playing their first game in Santiago, Chile, the team travelled onto Buenos Aires and completed the tour as planned. They finished with a record of played 9, won 6, drew 2 and 1 defeat. The tour also featured the first full rugby internationals between Ireland and Argentina.

</doc>
<doc id="19437169" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19437169" title="Mother's boy (disambiguation)">
Mother's boy (disambiguation)

Mother's boy, mummy's boy or mama's boy is a term for a man excessively attached to his mother. The term may also refer to:
Films:
In music:
Plays
In print:

</doc>
<doc id="19437185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19437185" title="Typhoon Ira">
Typhoon Ira

The name Ira has been used for two tropical cyclones in the northwest Pacific Ocean.

</doc>
<doc id="19437188" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19437188" title="Pál Kitaibel">
Pál Kitaibel

Pál Kitaibel (3 February 1757– 13 December 1817) was a Hungarian botanist and chemist.
He was born at Mattersburg and studied botany and chemistry at the University of Buda. In 1794 he became Professor and taught these subjects at Pest. As well as studying the flora and hydrography of Hungary, in 1789 he discovered the element tellurium, but later gave the credit to fellow Hungarian Franz-Joseph Müller von Reichenstein (1740–1825) who had actually discovered it in 1782.
Together with Franz de Paula Adam von Waldstein (1759–1823), he wrote "Descriptiones et icones plantarum rariorum Hungariae" ("descriptions and pictures of the rare plants of Hungary"; M. A. Schmidt, Vienna, three volumes, 1802–1812).
He died in 1817 at Pest.
The genus "Kitaibelia" of mallows was named after him by Carl Ludwig von Willdenow.
Species named after him:

</doc>
<doc id="19437197" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19437197" title="Clapstick (disambiguation)">
Clapstick (disambiguation)

Clapstick may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19437209" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19437209" title="Luxembourg in the Eurovision Song Contest 1992">
Luxembourg in the Eurovision Song Contest 1992

Luxembourg was present at the Eurovision Song Contest 1992 with the song "Sou fräi" (As Free), sung by Marion Welter and Kontinent.
National final.
Contrary to the way that the Luxembourgish broadcaster, RTL Hei Elei, selected their entry in the past, a national final took place to select the song that would represent Luxembourg at the Eurovision Song Contest 1992 in Malmö, Sweden. Marion Welter was internally selected by RTL to sing two songs in the final, held on 15 March at the RTL TV studios in Luxembourg, with the winner selected by postcard voting.
The winner of the final was "Sou fräi" (As free), composed by Jang Linster and Ab van Goor and sung entirely in Luxembourgish.
At Eurovision.
"Sou fräi" was performed 14th on the night of the contest, following Switzerland and preceding Austria. Welter, along with backing by the band Kontinent, placed 21st in a field of 24, receiving 10 points, all from Malta.

</doc>
<doc id="19437215" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19437215" title="Kutaisi Auto Mechanical Plant">
Kutaisi Auto Mechanical Plant

The Kutaisi Auto Mechanical Plant (KAMP) (, "k'ut'aisis avtomek'anikuri k'arkhana"), formerly Kutaisi Automotive Plant — KAZ (ქუთაისის საავტომობილო ქარხანა, "k'ut'aisis saavtomobilo k'arkhana"; named in the Soviet Union in honour of Sergo Ordzhonikidze), is a truck factory located in Kutaisi, Georgia. Construction began in 1945, with the first conveyor coming online with the first truck ZIS-150 (KAZ-150) coming off on August 18, 1951.
In 2006 the major part of the company synced with the Georgian Industrial Group and was named the Kutaisi Auto Mechanical Plant (KAMP). Today the factory produces a wide range of automotive industry parts.

</doc>
<doc id="19437223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19437223" title="Sébastien Pourcel">
Sébastien Pourcel

Sébastien Pourcel (born February 11, 1985 in Martigues, Bouches-du-Rhône), is a French motocross racer competing in the FIM MX1-GP Motocross World Championships.
Pourcel started international motocross competition in 2002 in the MX2-GP class. In 2007, he moved up to the premier MX1-GP class and finished in fourth place. He joined his brother Christophe Pourcel on the official Kawasaki GPKR Team, which was started by their father, Roger, and Patrick Gelade.

</doc>
<doc id="19437224" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19437224" title="Dominic Adiyiah">
Dominic Adiyiah

Dominic Adiyiah (born 29 November 1989) is a Ghanaian professional footballer, who last played as a striker for former Ukrainian Premier League club Arsenal Kyiv. Adiyiah hails from Offinso in the Ashanti Region of Ghana. 
Club career.
Early career.
Adiyiah began his career in the Feyenoord Academy, which he joined when he was only 10 years old. He spent seven years in Gomoa Fetteh, where the Academy is based, before transferring to Heart of Lions in January 2007. After making his debut in the Ghana Premier League with the club based in Kpandu, at the end of the 2007–08 season he was named Most Exciting Player of the league.
Fredrikstad (2008–2010).
In August 2008, Adiyiah made the move to Europe, being signed by Norwegian top flight club Fredrikstad for a fee of only £100k (approx. €125k as of that date). He made his debut for the club in an away match against Aalesund, on 30 August. He went scoreless in four appearances during the 2008 season, as the team finished second in the league.
The following season he scored twice during the training camp, but has not scored in the four league matches he appeared. He also made his debut in the Europa League, in the second leg of the third qualifying round against Lech Poznań.
Milan (2010–2012).
In late October 2009, after impressing in the U-20 World Cup, Adiyiah was reported to be close to joining Serie A club Milan. Speculation increased as Fredrikstad announced they had received a bid €500k for the young striker from a big European club. The rumour was eventually confirmed by Milan CEO Adriano Galliani on 1 November, and six days later the Ghanaian signed his new contract, as he had passed routine medical examinations.
The move was ratified on 2 January 2010, the first day of the winter transfer window. However Adiyiah was still not able to play, since he was called up by the Ghana national team to take part in the African Nations Cup. Upon his return, a month later, he also secured an Italian work permit, which he was still lacking, thus becoming definitively eligible to play. Despite this, he was never selected by head coach Leonardo during the remainder of the 2009–10 season. On 25 June 2012, Adiyiah completed a three-year contract with Arsenal Kyiv, ending his three years career with AC Milan.
Partizan (loan).
Subsequently, Adiyiah was sent to Serbian SuperLiga club Partizan on another loan deal until the end of the season where he joined his national teammate Prince Tagoe.
Karşıyaka S.K. (loan).
In the 2011 summer transfer window he signed a loan-deal with Karşıyaka who play in Bank Asya 1. Lig, Turkey's second-tier league.
Arsenal Kyiv (2012–present).
However, in February 2012 he was called back from Karşıyaka, due to lack of playing time and loaned to Ukrainian Premier League side Arsenal Kyiv. On 25 June 2012, Adiyiah completed a three-year contract with Arsenal Kyiv, after spending three years with AC Milan.
International career.
Ghana U-20.
Adiyiah started to be called up by the Black Satellites in 2008, making his debut on 30 March, in a match against Niger, and also participating in the WAFU U-20 Championship. The following year, he was part of the squad that won the African Youth Championship. His successful 2009 was not over: in October, he took part also in the U-20 World Cup held in Egypt; as the team went on winning the trophy, he was awarded the Golden Shoe for the topscorer with 8 goals in 7 games and was also named the Most Valuable Player of the tournament.
Ghana.
Adiyiah earned his first call-up with the Black Stars on 3 November 2009, shortly after the U-20 triumph, for a World Cup qualification match against Mali, to be played on 15 November. However he was left as an unused substitute. He did make his senior debut three days later though, in a friendly against Angola. In January 2010, he was part of the Ghanaian team that reached the final at the African Nations Cup. Despite making only two substitute appearances, he showed glimpses of a player for the future.
In June of the same year, Adiyiah was called up to take part in the upcoming World Cup, to be played in South Africa. He made his debut in the competition during the last match of the group stage against Germany, coming off the bench for the final minutes. After being left as an unused substitute in the round of 16, he was sent on in the quarter-finals against Uruguay. In the very last minute of extra time, an Adiyiah's header was saved on the line by Uruguyan striker Luis Suárez, who palmed the ball away with both his hands, resulting in a penalty kick for Ghana and Suarez being sent off. However, Asamoah Gyan smashed the penalty against the bar and the game went to the shootout. Adiyiah took the fourth penalty with his team trailing 2–3, but had his shot saved; Sebastián Abreu seized the chance by subsequently scoring the deciding penalty for Uruguay.
Statistics.
Club.
1Continental competitions include the UEFA Champions League and UEFA Europa League.
2Other tournaments include the GHALCA President's Cup.
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19437242" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19437242" title="Ke Tumi">
Ke Tumi

Ke Tumi ( "Who are you") is a 2008 Bengali film. Directed by Prasun Bandyopadhyay, the film featured Biswajit, Rituparna Sengupta.
Plot.
Rajesh is a teacher. His wife Shila is killed while driving as she meets with an accident. After cremating her, Rajesh comes back home and is told by his maidservant who was very loyal to his wife that his wife had come home when he was away and she had just left before arriving. He is shocked to hear as he had himself cremated her and identified her by what she was wearing and by certain marks on her body. Soon after a look alike of Shila turns up at Rajesh's place and claims to be his wife. Rajesh refuses to believe her and informs the police about this imposter. She appears before Rajesh from time to time and he is highly disturbed. The police, who are also eager to solve the case, file a case against Shila. The public prosecutor appearing for the police and Rajesh is the father of Sumi, a student of Rajesh. The imposter turns out to Capt. Choudhury, a lady officer of the army, a friend of Shila who had taken her test to catch the actual murderer. The murderer turn out to be Sumi, Rajesh's student who had paid certain people to eliminate Shila as she loved Rajesh and the later commits suicide when she comes to know that Rajesh doesn’t love her.

</doc>
<doc id="19437248" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19437248" title="Eric E. Sumner">
Eric E. Sumner

Eric Eden Sumner (December 17, 1923 – January 19, 1993) was an Austrian engineer and scientist, well known for his
contributions to the early developments of switching systems.
Born in Vienna, he moved to New York City where he went to
Brooklyn Technical High School, 
earned a B.S. in mechanical engineering from Cooper Union (1948),
and M.A. degrees in physics (1953) and electrical engineering (1960) from Columbia University .
Sumner joined Bell Labs (1948) where he became leader of the group that developed the
pulse code modulation transmission system (1955), 
and later director of transmission systems (1960) that developed the T1 carrier system (1962).
Following this, he led the underwater transmission laboratory projects on submarine surveillance systems (1962–67),
the transmission media division in Atlanta, Georgia (1967–71) and 
the loop division (1971-) where he oversaw development of computerized network management systems.
After retiring (1989) he served as president of the IEEE (1991) and was chairman of New Jersey Inventor's Hall of Fame.
Sumner died of heart failure.
He held eleven patents, and was elected to the National Academy of Engineering (1988).
Sumner was an IEEE Fellow and received the IEEE Alexander Graham Bell Medal
jointly with M. Robert Aaron and John S. Mayo (1978). 
The IEEE Eric E. Sumner award includes a bronze medal and was instituted in his name (1995).

</doc>
<doc id="19437250" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19437250" title="Standaard Uitgeverij">
Standaard Uitgeverij

Standaard Uitgeverij is a Belgian publisher, and the leading publisher in the Dutch language market of Flanders.
History.
In 1919, the Standaard group was created, mainly consisting of a chain of bookshops (Standaard Boekhandel), a newspaper ("De Standaard") and a publishing house, the Standaard Uitgeverij. By the 1930s, the different branches became more and more independent, but only in the 1980s was the group finally disbanded. In 1994, the company was acquired by the Dutch group PCM Algemene Boeken BV.
The company is best known for its comics and popular literature, but also publishes youth literature, non-fiction (mainly cartography, lexicography, and massmarket titles), and multimedia publications. Manteau, which used to be an independent publisher but is now owned by Standaard, is a more purely literary publisher.
With "Harry Potter" and "Kiekeboe", Standaard Uitgeverij published the four bestselling books in Flanders in 2007. Other popular books were the thrillers by Pieter Aspe and TV tie-ins like the "Ketnet Doeboek".

</doc>
<doc id="19437266" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19437266" title="William Miller Ord">
William Miller Ord

William Miller Ord (September 23, 1834 – May 14, 1902) was a British medical scientist. He was a surgeon at St. Thomas Hospital in London.
In 1879 he described Ord's thyroiditis.

</doc>
<doc id="19437282" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19437282" title="Beast Quest">
Beast Quest

Beast Quest is a bestselling series of children's fantasy novels produced by Working Partners Ltd and written by several authors all using the house name Adam Blade. An editorial team at Working Partners first creates the storyline for each book and "then approach a number of writers whose experience and style we think might suit the project and ask them to write a sample – usually the first three chapters of the book... The editorial team picks the sample with the voice that we think works best for the project." The main series had achieved 78 books published by mid-2013. 
The series is published by Orchard Books in the UK and by Scholastic Corporation in the US and is aimed largely at boys aged 7 and over. The novels have been described as "clearly and simply written, the right balance between adventure and story telling" and a "great series to get lads, who normally wouldn't be, interested in reading." Kathryn Flett, writing in London's "The Observer", has called the books "almost certainly a work of publishing (if not quite literary) genius... "Narnia" meets Pokémon via "Potter"." The books are among the most-borrowed from UK lending libraries. There is also a companion science fiction series called "Sea Quest".

</doc>
<doc id="19437292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19437292" title="Tropical Storm Ian">
Tropical Storm Ian

The name Ian has been used for a total of five tropical cyclones worldwide: two in the Western Pacific Ocean and three in the Southwestern Pacific Ocean. 
Western Pacific:
Australian region
South Pacific ocean

</doc>
<doc id="19437317" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19437317" title="Franz de Paula Adam von Waldstein">
Franz de Paula Adam von Waldstein

Franz de Paula Adam Norbert Wenzel Ludwig Valentin von Waldstein (14 February 1759–24 May 1823) was an Austrian soldier, explorer and naturalist.
He was born in Vienna and married Karolina Ferdinandi (1777–1844). As a soldier he took part in campaigns against the Ottoman Empire and Russia. He died in Litvínov (German: Oberleutensdorf), Bohemia.
From 1789 he studied the botany of Hungary with Pál Kitaibel. His herbarium is archived in Prague. Together with Kitaibel he wrote "Descriptiones et icones plantarum rariorum Hungariae" ("descriptions and pictures of the rare plants of Hungary"; M. A. Schmidt, Vienna, three volumes, 1802–1812).
The genus Waldsteinia (Rosaceae) was named after him by Carl Ludwig von Willdenow.

</doc>
<doc id="19437324" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19437324" title="Norbert Sipos">
Norbert Sipos

Norbert Sipos (born 21 March 1981 in Szombathely) is a Hungarian football player who plays for BFC Siófok.
Honours.
Hungarian Second Division: <br> Winner: 2008

</doc>
<doc id="19437330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19437330" title="Brian Grant (footballer)">
Brian Grant (footballer)

Brian Grant (born 19 June 1964 in Bannockburn) is a Scottish former footballer who played as a midfielder.
Career.
Grant began his career in the early 1980s with Stirling Albion before joining Alex Ferguson's Aberdeen in 1984, going on to win the Scottish Premier Division in his first season at Pittodrie. Winning the Scottish Cup the following season, and again in 1990, Grant completed the set of domestic trophies in his final full season with "The Dons", picking up the Scottish League Cup in 1995. In August 1996, Aberdeen played Everton in a testimonial for Grant, with the 9,000-plus crowd witnessing a 3-1 win for the Merseyside team.
Midway through the 1996-97 season, Grant joined Hibernian, spending little over a year at Easter Road before a March 1998 move to Dundee. Towards the end of the 1998-99 season, returned to first club Stirling on loan, scoring in what turned out to be his final match at senior level. Grant moved on to Bellshill Athletic at the end of the season and chose not to remain in football after retiring.
After retiring as a player, Grant managed a McDonald's franchise in Forfar. He also remained involved in football, coaching Dundee United youth teams.

</doc>
<doc id="19437337" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19437337" title="Péter Vörös">
Péter Vörös

Péter Vörös (born 14 December 1977) is a Hungarian football player who currently plays for Lokomotiv Tashkent.
FIFA World Youth Championship.
In 1997, Péter Vörös was a participant in the FIFA World Youth Championship which was held in Malaysia, where Hungary failed to reach the second round.
In this tournament, Péter made his only appearance against Canada where Hungary was defeated by 2-1 in front of 4000 spectators.
Honours.
Hungarian Second Division: <br> Winner: 2008

</doc>
<doc id="19437340" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19437340" title="Raktamukhi Neela">
Raktamukhi Neela

Raktamukhi Neela () is a classic Bengali novel involving Byomkesh Bakshi written by Sharadindu Bandyopadhyay. Following the novel storyline, a Bengali Movie was released in 2008. Directed by Debraj Sinha, the movie featured Sabyasachi Chakrabarty, Dolon Roy, Dipankar Dey, June Maliya and Bhaskar Bandyopadhyay.
Plot.
Many would presume “Raktamukhi Neela” to be a murder mystery involving some precious stones or mementos. In reality the film is about the murder of actress Neela Sen on the sets of an under production film, named “Raktamukhi Neela”. Neela Sen is found dead in her room. Insp. Chakraborty (Sabyasachi Chakraboty), the officer-in-charge of the case investigates to find out that the ace actress had been poisoned by arsenic. He begins to investigate and finds out that Neela Sen had illegitimate liaisons with the film’s lead actor Chand Kumar (Bhaskar Bandopadhyay) for a long time. It also revealed that Neela had planned to dump Chand for marrying director Manish Bardhan (who was incidentally directing Raktamukhi Neela). The villain of the film Raju Ray, who was also a seasoned actor, had a serious relation with Bipasha (the hair-dresser of the unit). Bipasha was the entity who had introduced Neela with the domain of filmdom. After the murder, when things go awry, Insp. Chakraborty begins to unravel mysteries about Neela’s past and the nature of bonding she shared with each character. He found out that Chand Kumar had a live in relation with Neela even though he was married to Manisha (Dolon Roy), another established actress. Then there was Dipika (June Maliyah) who was a newcomer full of talent and was not ready to compromise with her moralities for any reasons what so ever. There was the production-boy Prashanta, who was vested with the responsibility of supplying food and beverages on the sets. The shooting was being held at Baruipur Rajbari. Insp. Chakraborty fights to the brink for unmasking the culprit. Meanwhile Bipasha is brutally murdered in her room (she was strangled to death). While every body on the set go berserk is shock and awe, the third murder takes place. Manisha toppled from the balcony of her roof. The three murders give the nature of the case an entirely unique purview. Insp. Chakraborty investigates to unravel that Prashanta is the actual culprit. He was Neela’s actual husband. Neela dumped Prashanta and their son Babu for making a mark on celluloid. Later the penniless Prashanta (who was actually a talented chemist) fails to save his ailing son. This makes him transform to a psycho who hates all women from the silver screen. He kills Neela by giving her arsenic (which he made himself) and also whacks off the other two before targeting Dipika. But he fails and truth is revealed.

</doc>
<doc id="19437342" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19437342" title="Hays International College">
Hays International College

Hays International College is a tertiary level training institute situated in Melbourne, Australia.
The college offers certificate and diploma courses in Hospitality, Commercial Cookery, Sport & Sport Coaching, English Language and Aged Care.
Many of its students complete the English language course and then take up their chosen vocational course. Subsequent completion of a diploma course provides graduates with entry to degree courses offered at universities. The course chosen by a student may also give access to Australia's migration programs. Its courses are registered with the Commonwealth register of Institutions for Courses for Overseas Students.

</doc>
<doc id="19437367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19437367" title="Taxonomy of Lucanidae">
Taxonomy of Lucanidae

The Lucanidae are a family of beetles that include the Stag beetles. The family can be further subdivided in a taxonomy. The classification presented here follows Smith (2006), with the exception of the tribal classification within the Lucaninae.

</doc>
<doc id="19437368" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19437368" title="Los Angeles City High School District">
Los Angeles City High School District

Los Angeles City High School District (later West County Union High School District) was a school district that served high school-aged residents in the Los Angeles, California, area. At times the district included residents of Beverly Hills and Culver City.
History.
The district formed in 1890; it served students of the Los Angeles High School while the Los Angeles City School District and various other elementary school districts served elementary and junior high school students.
The high school district expanded its territory by annexing other high school districts and including other elementary school districts in its boundaries. In 1906, the district took the Jewell Union High School District. In 1909, the district took the Hollywood Union High School District and the San Pedro High School District. In 1910 it took the Wilmington Union High School District. In 1913 it took the Van Nuys High School District. In 1914, it took the San Fernando Union High School District. In 1916, the Owensmouth Union became a part of the Los Angeles High School District.
On August 18, 1921, the following districts were included in the Los Angeles City High School District: Alturas, Beverly Hills, Calabasas, Castaic, Cornell, Culver City, Felton, Garripatos (the district was later renamed to Topanga), Honby, Las Vergenes, Liberty, Live Oak, New Era, Newhall, San Francisquito, San Martinez and Saugus. The high school district annexed Venice Union High School District in 1925. On July 22, 1929 the Oak Flat district was transferred to the Los Angeles City High School District from the Antelope Valley Joint High School District.
On July 22, 1932, the Huntington Park School District became included in the Los Angeles City High School District. On March 23, 1936, Beverly Hills left the Los Angeles City High School District and formed the Beverly Hills High School District; by operation of law this became the Beverly Hills Unified School District.
On December 29, 1942, the Bee School District was transferred from Antelope Valley Joint Union High School District to the Los Angeles City High School District. On January 25, 1945, Culver City left the Los Angeles High School District in a similar manner as Beverly Hills. On January 30, 1945, the Santa Clarita Union High School District (also known as the William S. Hart Union High School District) took the Bee, Newhall, Castaic Union and Saugus Union school districts.
In 1947, Torrance High School was transferred to the Redondo Union High School District, and the elementary schools in the City of Torrance were formed into the Torrance City School District.
In 1961 the LA City school district and the Palos Verdes School District merged and became a unified school district. The annexation left the Topanga School District and the Las Vergenes Union School District as separate remnants of the high school district, renamed to the West County Union High School District. LAUSD annexed the Topanga district on July 1, 1962. Since the Las Vergenes Union School District had the same boundary as the remaining West County Union High School District, on July 1, 1962 West County ceased to exist.

</doc>
<doc id="19437375" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19437375" title="Christopher B. Kaiser">
Christopher B. Kaiser

Christopher Barina Kaiser is a noted author and scholar, knowledgeable in both astrophysics (Harvard/University of Colorado) and Christian dogmatics (University of Edinburgh). His "Creation and the History of Science" (1991) received an outstanding book award from the Templeton Foundation. Henry Margenau and William G. Pollard, by his own admission, were two writers who influenced him as a science student in the 1960s.
Published works.
This is a wide-ranging survey of the interaction of the doctrine of creation and physical science from the patristic writers of the early church to Einstein and Bohr. It is a useful volume in a series of introductory textbooks in the history of theology. His approach is similar to that of the history-of-ideas school. Kaiser argues that the basic theme in the "creation tradition" is "that the entire universe is subject to a single code of law which was established along with the universe at the beginning of time." This theme manifested itself in four flexible ideas: (1) the comprehensibility of the world; (2) the unity of earth and heaven; (3) the relative autonomy of nature; and (4) the ministry of health care and reconciliation. A majority of the book deals with theologians and natural philosophers from the sixteenth through the eighteenth centuries. Kaiser discusses many of the topics important for this bibliography--from hermeticism to the Puritan thesis. For example, he has an interesting insight into the relation between Newton's Arianism and his views of space and time. Kaiser is good on the details of theological differences and theological rationale. In this, his work complements those historians of science who miss the nuances within theological debates. The usefulness of Kaiser's book is partially frustrated by a lack of footnotes, some correctable mistakes, and some overapplications of his thesis to particular figures. Overall, however, it is recommended as a replacement for Dillenberger's comparable survey.
Astrophysics.
His astrophysics doctoral thesis was titled "The thermal emission of interplanetary dust cloud models", published by the University of Colorado in 1968.

</doc>
<doc id="19437378" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19437378" title="Jakubinskij's law">
Jakubinskij's law

Jakubinskij's law, or Meyer–Jakubinskij's law, is a sound law that operated in the Serbo-Croatian Chakavian dialect in the 12th–13th century, named after Lav Jakubinski who discovered it in 1925, and sometimes also after K.H, Meyer who expanded and refined the rule in 1926.
Law governs the distribution of the mixed Ikavian–Ekavian reflexes of Common Slavic yat phoneme, occurring the in Middle Chakavian area.
In the Southern Chakavian Ikavian area, yat */ě/ was reflected as /i/, and became merged with the reflexes of Common Slavic */y/ and */i/. In the northwest, however, according to the Meyer–Jakubinskij's law, */ě/ > /e/ before dental consonants {d, t, s, z, n, l, r} which were followed by one of the back vowels {a, o, u, y, ъ}, and elsewhere */ě/ > /i/. This /e/ has thus merged the reflexes of Common Slavic */e/ and */ę/.
Compare "tȇlo" 'body' as opposed to "bīžéć" 'fleeing'.
The effect of Jakubinskij's rule has been levelled out in paradigmatic alternations and derivational morphology, by the analogical influence of nominative form onto the oblique cases, infinitive on other verbal forms, word stem onto derivations etc. Thus no or extremely little alternation occurs throughout the inflectional paradigm. For example, Common Slavic *město 'place, position' would yield N sg "mesto", but L pl is "mestih", not **mistih. L sg of "mera" (< Comm Slavic *měra 'measure') is "meri" not **miri etc.
Though initially applied only to Chakavian Ikavian–Ekavian accents, this rule is also valid for some Kajkavian Ikavian–Ekavian accents of Duga Resa, Ogulin, Karlovac and Žumberak.

</doc>
<doc id="19437388" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19437388" title="Huseyn Isgandarov">
Huseyn Isgandarov

Huseyn Isgendarov (born 7 February 1984) is an Azerbaijani footballer (defender) playing currently for FK Karabakh. He is also a member of U-21Azerbaijan national football team.

</doc>
<doc id="19437426" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19437426" title="San Marcello">
San Marcello

San Marcello may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19437432" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19437432" title="Hybomitra">
Hybomitra

Hybomitra is a genus of horse fly in the family Tabanidae. It contains the following species: 

</doc>
<doc id="19437436" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19437436" title="Physa marmorata">
Physa marmorata

Physa marmorata is a species of air-breathing freshwater snail, an aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Physidae.
Distribution.
This species occurs in Dominica.

</doc>
<doc id="19437440" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19437440" title="Iain MacLean (journalist)">
Iain MacLean (journalist)

Iain MacLean () is one of the main anchors for BBC Scotland's new Gaelic language news and current affairs programme, "An Là", broadcast every weekday at 8pm on BBC Alba.
He was born and raised in Harris and, although his father's family are from Liurbost in Lewis, he considers himself a "Hearach" (Harris person). MacLean has one brother and one sister; both are fluent Gaelic speakers.
He graduated in 2001 from the University of Aberdeen with a degree in Gaelic Studies and prior to working for "An Là", was a regular presenter on BBC Radio nan Gàidheal's daily news programmes - "Aithris na Maidne", "Aithris an Fheasgair" and "Aithris na Seachdainn".
MacLean also made occasional appearances on other Gaelic language programmes, such as the BBC's Gaelic audience discussion programme "Cunntas". He is a fully trained video journalist.

</doc>
<doc id="19437447" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19437447" title="John S. Mayo">
John S. Mayo

John S. Mayo (born February 26, 1930) is an American engineer, AT&T executive and seventh president of Bell Labs, known from contributions to the computer and telecommunications industry.
Biography.
Born in Greenville, North Carolina, he earned B.S., M.S. and Ph.D. degrees in electrical engineering from North Carolina State University. 
Following this, Mayo joined Bell Labs, now Alcatel-Lucent Bell Labs, (1955) where he first worked on early computers as the Triadic and Leprechaun, the Telstar satellite, ocean sonar systems and various switching systems. He was elected vice president at Bell Labs (1975) and eventually became the seventh president (1991) until his retirement (1995). He is credited with globalizing Bell Labs and forging closer ties between its research and development and business units.

</doc>
<doc id="19437449" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19437449" title="Sila National Park">
Sila National Park

Sila National Park was established in 1997 and covers about 74,000 ha of charming and wild areas in Calabria. Besides offering exciting landscapes stretching out towards Pollino, Aspromonte, Etna, the Ionian and Tyrrhenian Sea, it is also characterized by the presence of several rural and tourist villages and a very rich artistic and cultural heritage. Its highest mountains are Mt. Botte Donato (1,928m), in Sila Grande, and Mt. Gariglione (1,764m) in Sila Piccola.

</doc>
<doc id="19437467" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19437467" title="Karl Wilhelm Posselt">
Karl Wilhelm Posselt

Karl/Carl Wilhelm Posselt (20 June 1815 Diekow, Berlinchen, Neumark, Brandenburg - 12 May 1885 Christianenburg, Natal,
South Africa), was a German missionary from the Berlin Missionary Society and was active in South Africa where he became known as "the missionary with the violin".
Posselt initially trained as a teacher at Neuzelle, but became inspired by mission work during his training and attended a seminary in Berlin from
1834-39. On 21 December 1839 he disembarked at Table Bay after a voyage from Hamburg on the "Devonshire". He arrived as a member of
the Berlin Missionary Society and in the company of fellow missionaries Ludwig Liefeldt and Johannes Winter.
Posselt served his apprenticeship under Carl Friedrich Schultheiss (1815-1855) at the Itemba mission station on the Kubusie River near
Stutterheim in Kaffraria. Here he also learnt the rudiments of the Xhosa language. Itemba was razed during the
Frontier War of 1846-47, rebuilt and redestroyed in
1850. Posselt and Liefeldt started a new mission station Emmaus, which was renamed Wartburg, on the Indwe
River, only to have that sacked as well. Posselt then started work among the Zulu people living below the Drakensberg in Natal and near the modern-day Bergville. With Wilhelm Guldenpfennig he founded a new station there, again named Emmaus, and existing to this day. In 1856 when hostilities again broke out, Posselt fled to Pietermaritzburg. There he served the community of Neu-Deutschland which had been founded in 1848 with the arrival of 182 German settlers from Bremen :de:Deutsche in Natal, and whose main activity was growing cotton. Then it was located just outside Port Natal, but today forms part of Westville in Durban. The settlers had been recruited from Bramsche near Osnabrück by a director of the "Natal Cotton Company", Jonas Bergtheil in order to cultivate cotton. The cotton-growing project soon failed and the colonists started growing vegetables to supply the demand in Port Natal. Some of the Germans moved inland and started the settlement of Neu-Hanover or New Hanover near Pietermaritzburg. 
Posselt returned to Emmaus when the community of Neu-Deutschland seemed to be on the point of dissolving, but went back when the rifts were healed. In 1858 he settled at the mission station he had founded in 1854 and named Christianenburg after his first wife, situated close to Neu-Deutschland and forming part of present-day Clermont Township. 
Family.
Posselt's parents were Carl Ludwig Posselt (9 April 1782 - 27 December 1834), a schoolteacher in Diekow, and Marie Elisabeth Fischer (24 June 1781 - 27 December 1834). They had 4 children - Charlotte, Karl Ludwig, Karl Wilhelm, Karl August.<br> Karl Wilhelm married his first wife, Christiane Schönheit (d17 April 1848 Pietermaritzburg), on 1 April 1841 in Uitenhage and had 3 children - Johannes, Nathaniel, Christiane
He married his second wife, Sophie Elizabeth Königkrämer (10 December 1834 - 30 November 1913), on 11 June 1851, producing 10 more children - Nathaniel, Mathilde, Emile Christiana, Felix
Albrecht Wilhelm, Sophie Lisette, Hermann Eberhardt, Erna, Emma Anna, Theodor Wilhelm, Helmuth 

</doc>
<doc id="19437468" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19437468" title="Henry Francis Compton">
Henry Francis Compton

Henry Francis Compton (16 January 1872 – 11 April 1943) was a British Conservative politician. He was elected Member of Parliament (MP) for New Forest at a by-election in 1905, but only weeks later lost the seat to the Liberals at the 1906 general election. 
Compton was born in 1872, the son of Henry Compton, of Minstead Manor House, Hampshire. He served as a Magistrate and as an officer in the 4th Volunteer Battalion Hampshire Regiment. His grandfather and uncle had also been Members of Parliament, the latter sitting for the New Forest Constituency between 1885 and 1892.
Compton was selected as Conservative candidate in succession to the sitting MP John Douglas-Scott-Montagu, who had succeeded to the Peerage as Baron Montagu of Beaulieu. There had not been a contested election in the seat since 1892, but the Liberals fielded Sir Robert Hobart.
After a closely fought contest, Compton was elected on 6 December 1905 with a majority of 199 votes. However, the Conservative government had collapsed the previous day, and the new Prime Minister Campbell-Bannerman would soon call a general election. As Parliament was not sitting at the time, Compton was unable to take his seat.
The following month, Henry Compton was defeated by Sir Robert Hobart by just 48 votes, thus becoming, after 46 days, the shortest-serving Member of Parliament whose tenure was not ended by death, and one of only a handful never to take their seats.
Compton later served as Official Verderer of the New Forest. He died at Lyndhurst, Hampshire in 1943, aged 71.

</doc>
<doc id="19437477" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19437477" title="Tumi Kar">
Tumi Kar

Tumi Kar ? ( "") (2008) is a Bengali Movie was released in 2008. Directed by Gobinda Chandra Haldar, the movie featured Arjun Chakraborty, Rimjhim Gupta, Amitava Bhattacharya and Dipankar Dey.
Plot.
This is the story of Madhabpur. The incident is just like that of Singur. The corrupt M.L.A of Madhabpur, Shanti Ranja Burman is a crook who forcefully confiscate the lands and properties of the downtrodden mass in the name of industrialization and development. He and his sidekick Raghab (Rajesh) targets Chandra Roy (Rimjhim) and her grandmother (Whom every one calls Thakuma) for engulfing their land. Enter honest S.P Mr. DIbakar Choudhury and his brother Dev. Dev falls in love with Chandra. The two take oath to uproot the corrupt Shanti Ranjan and Raghab alongside the villainous inspector Binay Bagchi. Dev, Dibakar and Chandra find able allies in sub-inspector Pundarikakshya Das (Subhashish) and Joy Banerjee, a real estate dealer turns revolutionary. Together combat the adverse forces and finally at a meeting all hell breaks loose. Shanti Ranjan and S.P Dibakar died in encounter. Peace is restored.

</doc>
<doc id="19437480" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19437480" title="Saint Regis Mountain">
Saint Regis Mountain

Saint Regis Mountain is a mountain in the town of Santa Clara, New York, in Franklin County at the center of the Saint Regis Canoe Area in the Adirondack Park. 
It can be climbed from a trailhead on Keese Mills Road in Keese Mill, west of Paul Smiths, and from a trail that starts at a landing on Upper Saint Regis Lake just south of Camp Topridge, a Great Camp built by Marjorie Merriweather Post. The view from the summit includes thirty lakes, including the Upper and Lower Saranac Lake, and Upper and Lower Saint Regis Lake. 
The summit is bare rock, having been cleared by a fire started accidentally by a surveying party led by Verplanck Colvin in 1876. There is a fire tower on the summit that is presently closed, although a restoration effort is underway.

</doc>
<doc id="19437481" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19437481" title="Con Murphy (RTÉ)">
Con Murphy (RTÉ)

Conleth 'Con' Murphy (born 30 January 1966) is an Irish freelance radio and television presenter, working mainly on sports programming. Until recently he presented "Monday Night Soccer" on RTÉ Two, the League of Ireland highlights show which also includes highlights of Republic of Ireland soccer matches. He also co-presented "Crimecall" with Anne Cassin. On radio, he co-presented "Sunday Sport" on RTÉ Radio 1, with Jacqui Hurley.
Career.
Murphy worked as one of the main sports presenters with RTÉ from 1992 until 2012.
In that time he anchored RTE Radio's coverage of the Summer Olympics Atlanta 1996, Sydney 2000, Athens 2004 Beijing 2008, and London 2012.
He has presented football, golf, rugby, hockey, basketball, athletics, and horse racing on RTÉ Television.
He presented international football on RTE radio for 17 years until 2012 and reported from the 2002 FIFA World Cup in Japan and South Korea, plus he was part of RTÉ Radio's award-winning commentary team from the 2006 Ryder Cup at the K Club.
He presented the nightly highlights programme on RTÉ Sport's coverage of the 2010 FIFA World Cup.
Murphy presented RTÉ's "Crimecall" along with Brenda Power, and then Anne Cassin for six years until mid-2011.
He is currently the voice of both the RabodirectPro12 and RBS 6 Nations Youtube channels.
An avid poker fan, Murphy still holds out hope of playing in the WSOP Main event in Las Vegas.

</doc>
<doc id="19437489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19437489" title="Mike Berniker">
Mike Berniker

Michael Berniker (June 30, 1935 – July 25, 2008) was an American record producer who was recognized with nine Grammy Awards over the course of his career for his work on albums with such performers as Perry Como, Steve Lawrence & Eydie Gorme, Johnny Mathis and Barbra Streisand, as well as Broadway theatre cast recordings, Latin jazz, classical, spoken word and comedy albums in a career that lasted some forty years working for Columbia Records, CBS Records and RCA Records.
Born on June 30, 1935, and raised in Brooklyn, he attended Columbia University, studying music and philosophy. While serving at Fort Bliss in El Paso County, Texas while in the United States Army for two years, he hosted a local radio show and organized a jazz festival.
While in his late-20s, Berniker produced Barbra Streisand's first three albums — "The Barbra Streisand Album" (that year's Grammy winner for Album of the Year), "The Second Barbra Streisand Album" and "The Third Album" — all of which were released six months apart in the one-year span from February 1963 to February 1964, and which were described by "The New York Times" as "among the most expressively uninhibited" of her career. He produced several Broadway albums, including his work with composer Cy Coleman on "The Will Rogers Follies", which won the Grammy Award for Best Musical Show Album at the 1992 ceremonies. He won the Grammy Award for Best Spoken Word Album at the Grammy Awards of 1986 for his work as producer of the original Broadway cast album for "Ma Rainey's Black Bottom".
As an executive with RCA Records, Berniker signed Daryl Hall and John Oates and Juice Newton.
Berniker lived with his wife Heather in Fort Lee, New Jersey from the mid-1970s until 2002, when they moved to Hillsdale, New York. He died on July 25, 2008 in Great Barrington, Massachusetts of complications from kidney disease.

</doc>
<doc id="19437492" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19437492" title="Ihor Korobchynskyi">
Ihor Korobchynskyi

Ihor Korobchinski (; born 16 August 1969) is a former gymnast that represented the Soviet Union, the Commonwealth of Independent States and Ukraine.

</doc>
<doc id="19437501" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19437501" title="United Agents">
United Agents

United Agents (UA) is a British talent and literary agency founded in 2007. It is situated on Lexington Street in Soho, London, UK, and was set up by agents who had left Peters Fraser and Dunlop (PFD). It is chaired by Lindy King and the managing director is St. John Donald. UA Actors is headed by Kirk Whelan-Foran, UA Books by Robert Kirby and UA Film and Television by Natasha Galloway.
UA represents actors, authors, cinematographers, composers, designers, directors, editors, playwrights, presenters and voiceover artists. Clients represented include: , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and .

</doc>
<doc id="19437505" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19437505" title="Los Angeles City School District">
Los Angeles City School District

The Los Angeles City School District was a school district that served Los Angeles, California, and some adjoining areas between 1870 and 1961.
History.
The district was formed on May 2, 1870, with the same boundaries as the city of Los Angeles. In 1890 the Los Angeles City High School District was formed to serve high school students. The Los Angeles City School District and various other feeder elementary school districts served elementary and junior high students.
The elementary school district annexed various elementary school districts during its existence. The annexations include:
The district disappeared on July 1, 1961 when it and the Palos Verdes School District merged and became a unified school district, the Los Angeles Unified School District. The annexation left the Topanga School District and the Las Vergenes Union School District as separate remnants of the high school district, renamed to the West County Union High School District.

</doc>
<doc id="19437516" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19437516" title="List of total rapid transit systems statistics by country">
List of total rapid transit systems statistics by country

This table is based on List of rapid transit (metro) systems. Countries can be sorted by total length of rapid transit systems, total number of stations and the year of opening of the earliest system.
References.
The sources for the information are mainly placed in each rapid transit system article. The systems are listed in List of metro systems. 

</doc>
<doc id="19437540" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19437540" title="Lindiwe Sisulu">
Lindiwe Sisulu

Lindiwe Nonceba Sisulu (born 10 May 1954) is a South African politician, member of parliament since 1994, and member of the National Executive Committee of the African National Congress. She served as Minister of Housing from 2004 to 2009, Minister of Defence and Military Veterans from 2009 to 2012, and Minister of Public Service and Administration since 2012.
Early life.
Sisulu was born to ANC leaders Walter and Albertina Sisulu in Johannesburg. She is the sister of journalist Zwelakhe Sisulu and politician Max Sisulu.
From 1975 to 1976 Sisulu was detained for her anti-apartheid activities. During her exile from 1977 to 1979 she joined the military wing of the ANC, Umkhonto we Sizwe, specializing in Intelligence.
Education.
In 1973, Lindiwe Sisulu graduated from Waterford Kamhlaba United World College of Southern Africa in Mbabane, Swaziland. In 1980, Sisulu received a BA degree and Diploma in Education, and in 1981 received a BA Hons in History from the University of Swaziland. She also received an MA in History, and in 1989 an MPhil from the Centre for Southern African Studies at the University of York.
Controversies.
Lindiwe Sisulu's flagship housing project called the N2 Gateway has been embroiled in a number of controversies. Joe Slovo Informal Settlement has adamantly refused to be relocated to Delft, Cape Town to make way for government bond and free houses. After a protest by Joe Slovo residents, Sisulu drew significant criticism from civic groups for saying "if they choose not to cooperate with government, they will be completely removed from all housing waiting lists.” A spate of letters exchanged between Sisulu and UWC Professor Martin Legassick also received attention because Legassick called into question Sisulu's refusal to meet directly with the residents of Joe Slovo.
In December 2007, the N2 Gateway also was host to the largest occupation of houses in the country's history. The result has been the displacement of thousands of families into Temporary Relocation Areas and onto the pavement in Symphony Way.
In September 2009, she appointed Paul Ngobeni as her legal advisor. This appointment was immediately challenged from various quarters, including Parliament's Standing Committee on Public Accounts (SCOPA) and the Standing Committee on Defense, due to the fact that he is not qualified to practise law in South Africa and has been disbarred from practising law in the USA where he also faces criminal charges of fraud, larceny and petty theft.
Sisulu became embroiled in a controversy in November 2012 when Parliament accused her of over-using executive jet flights during her tenure as Minister of Defence and Military Veterans. She was accused of making 203 trips with the South African Air Force rented Gulfstream plane, however due to administrative failures, this figure was incorrect and an apology was issued. She had actually only made 35 trips.
In April 2013, she appointed Menzi Simelane as her legal advisor. In a judgement (in October 2012) finding him unfit to be appointed as head of the National Prosecuting Authority, Constitutional Court Judge Zac Jacoob said " conclude that the evidence was contradictory and on its face indicative of Mr Simelane's honesty. It raises serious questions about Mr Simelane's conscientiousness, integrity, and credibility."

</doc>
<doc id="19437545" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19437545" title="Spindasis syama">
Spindasis syama

The Club Silverline ("Spindasis syama") is a butterfly of the Lycaenidae family. It is found in South-East Asia.
The wingspan is 27–32 mm.
The larvae feed on Psidium guajava and Dioscorea batatus.

</doc>
<doc id="19437550" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19437550" title="Roşieşti Wind Farm">
Roşieşti Wind Farm

The Roşieşti Wind Farm is a proposed wind power project in Vaslui County, Romania. It will have 46 individual wind turbines with a nominal output of around 1 MW which will deliver up to 46 MW of power, enough to power over 18,216 homes, with a capital investment required of approximately US$ 104 million.

</doc>
<doc id="19437554" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19437554" title="Governor of the Banque de France">
Governor of the Banque de France

List of governors of the Bank of France, which is a member of the European Central Bank:

</doc>
<doc id="19437570" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19437570" title="Pseudophilotes baton">
Pseudophilotes baton

The Baton Blue ("Pseudophilotes baton") is a butterfly of the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Central and Southern Europe.
The wingspan is 10–11 mm. The butterfly flies from April to September.
The larvae feed on Thyme, "Clinopodium acinos", Lavender and "Mentha".

</doc>
<doc id="19437591" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19437591" title="Mitsos Dimitriou">
Mitsos Dimitriou

Mitsos Dimitriou or Dimitris Dimitriou (; born in 1948) was a Greek football defender.
Career.
Dimitriou played club football for Panathinaikos, appearing in 254 league matches in more than a decade with the club. He was runner up at 1971 European Cup Final but he didn't play due to injury. He played at 1971 Intercontinental Cup. Dimitriou won 4 Greek championships (1969, 1970, 1972, 1977) and 2 Greek cups (1969, 1977).
Dimitriou made his debut for the Greece national football team on 16 November 1969, and made 12 total appearances for Greece.

</doc>
<doc id="19437594" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19437594" title="Lal Ronger Duniya">
Lal Ronger Duniya

Lal Ronger Duniya ( "Force")(2008) is a Bengali Movie was released in 2008. Directed by Nilanjan Bhattacharya, the movie featured Debashree Roy, Locket Chatterjee, Rajesh Sharma. This movie is Nilanjan Bhattacharya's directorial début.
Plot.
Himan (Tathagata), a young boy from a good family accidentally lands up in a rd light area after his spots his sister in that area. One day who refuse to recognize him. He is thrashed by then local goon, but he is saved by Altamasi, a brothel owner who in due course of time brings him up as her own son. Other sex workers try to poison Altamasi’s mind against Himan, but she has immense belief in him. Himan whwo has an excellent academic record gives tuitions to earn some money. He is very fond of Dolly, Altamasi’s younger daughter and wants her to be away from this bad world. He has two friends called Shiuli and Mehuli, twin sisters who are totally opposite to each in character. Mehuli loves Himan, but since he never reciprocates her love; she never forgives him. In due course of time, Himan comes to know that she runs a massage parlour where that massagers double up as sex workers. Himan wants to do something to improve the lives of the sex workers so he becomes a social worker by chance. He is very close to Dallia (Debasree Ray), a former sex worker who runs a high class brothel, but wants to do something for this section of the society. She is made a candidate for the elections, but discovers that she has become part of the vicious circle and that in due course of time she would be eliminated by the very people who are helping her to contest the election. Shiva becomes extremely dangerous and sets a sex worker on fire after gang raping her. Dallia can’t take it any more and decides to finish off Shiva once and for all. She hacks Shiva to death and is sent to jail.

</doc>
<doc id="19437609" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19437609" title="Polyommatus albicans">
Polyommatus albicans

The Spanish Chalk-hill Blue "(Polyommatus albicans)" is a butterfly of the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Spain and Western North Africa.
The length of the forewings is 18–21 mm. The butterfly flies from June to August.
The larvae feed on Horseshoe Vetch.

</doc>
<doc id="19437610" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19437610" title="NGC 5490">
NGC 5490

NGC 5490 is a radio galaxy in the constellation Boötes.
Gra 1408+17.
Gra 1408+17 is a radio-source in NGC 5490, RA: Dec , Gal coord. J2000 : 009.27 ± 180000, +69.41 ± 180000

</doc>
<doc id="19437613" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19437613" title="Scottish Aviation Scamp">
Scottish Aviation Scamp

The Scottish Aviation Scamp is a small concept electric city car that was designed between 1964 and 1966 by Scottish Aviation.
A prototype, known as "the farm cart" was built which showed promise, accelerating from a standstill to in ten seconds, giving a top speed of and a range of in urban conditions. In July 1965 negotiations took place between the Scottish Aviation and the Central Electricity Generating Board aimed at marketing the car through the area electricity boards' regional showrooms. The prototype was further developed with the addition of wood and aluminium bodywork and it was then registered for use on the road. It was successfully demonstrated in London and Bristol and received a great deal of publicity when on one occasion it was driven by the racing driver Stirling Moss. A further 12 cars were built for testing and the first of these went on show at the Ideal Home Exhibition in February 1967.
The project began to run into difficulties because of an inability to resolve the uneconomic battery life of the Lucas Industries batteries available at the time. It was cancelled when major weaknesses in the car design were revealed by testing at the Motor Industry Research Association test track, subjected to the same tests as a conventional car, the suspension eventually broke and the car was claimed to be unroadworthy.

</doc>
<doc id="19437614" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19437614" title="Andreas Meyer-Hanno">
Andreas Meyer-Hanno

Andreas Meyer-Hanno (18 February 1932 – 7 September 2006) was a German theater and opera director.
Biography.
Meyer-Hanno was born in Berlin. His parents were Hans Meyer-Hanno and Irene Sager. 
Since 1949 Meyer-Hanno studied music and theater. After university studies he worked between 1956 to 1964 at the Wuppertal Opera, where he became 1959 opera director. From 1964 to 1972 he worked as opera director in Karlsruhe at the Badisches Staatstheater Karlsruhe and then from 1972 to 1976 in Braunschweig at the Staatstheater Braunschweig. In 1980 he co-founded the LGBT organisation "Homosexuelle Selbsthilfe" (homosexual's self-help).
Meyer-Hanno became professor at the Hochschule für Musik und Darstellende Kunst Frankfurt am Main in 1976. He retired as professor in 1993. From 1989 to 1993 he helped to build the "Frankfurter Engel" in Frankfurt.
Meyer-Hanno died in Frankfurt. He was buried in the "Alter St.-Matthäus-Kirchhof" cemetery in Berlin.

</doc>
<doc id="19437638" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19437638" title="List of In the Night Garden episodes">
List of In the Night Garden episodes

"In the Night Garden" is a BBC pre-school children's television programme, first broadcast daily on the CBeebies channel. Series 1 was broadcast starting in March 2007, with series 2 following from September 2008. In 2010, the BBC confirmed that it would not be commissioning a third series.
Source: BBC Programmes
Season 3 (2010-2011).
50 new episodes were able to air from 2010 to 2011 but the BBC confirmed that the show was not able to return for a third series. In a statement, they said they always ever planned to buy the 100 episodes as it was an expensive project. Merchandising will still continue.

</doc>
<doc id="19437647" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19437647" title="Notes and Records of the Royal Society">
Notes and Records of the Royal Society

Notes and Records of the Royal Society () is an international journal which publishes original research in the history of science, technology and medicine up to and including the 21st century. It is published both in print and online. 
As a journal of the Royal Society, "Notes and Records" belongs to a group of journals including the longest running scientific journal in the world, "Philosophical Transactions". The editor is Robert Fox and it has an international editorial board.
In addition to publishing peer-reviewed research articles, "Notes and Records" welcomes recollections or autobiographical accounts written by Fellows and others recording important moments in science from the recent past. It also includes book reviews and news of research projects and online and other resources of interest to historians.
The current and past issues are available online. The Royal Society's electronic submission and peer-review service provides "Notes and Records" authors with the facility to submit their papers online.
History.
The journal was established in 1938 under the control Henry Lyons with the help of the Assistant Secretary of the Royal Society.

</doc>
<doc id="19437650" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19437650" title="Polyommatus amandus">
Polyommatus amandus

The Amanda's Blue ("Polyommatus amandus") is a butterfly of the Lycaenidae family. It is found in the Palearctic ecozone.
Description.
With a wingspan of , Amanda's Blue is noticeably larger than most blue butterflies, which is particularly apparent when they are flying. The upperside of the male's wings is a silvery blue or sky blue, often, but not always, with a broad dark border and a narrow black marginal line with an outermost white line. The upperside of the female's wings is in some populations dark blue edged with brown but in other populations is medium brown with a row of orange half-moon shaped lunules near the edges. The hind margin has red blotches. The underside of the male's wings are light grey with white-edged black blotches. The underside of the female's wings is similar but they are a rich creamy brown colour with red blotches, especially on the margins of the hind wings and a series of black spots with white rims, often touching, forming a row parallel to the margin of the wings. The basal areas of the underwings are turquoise. The wingspan is .
Distribution and habitat.
Amanda's Blue is native to much of central and northern Europe. Its habitat is meadows, heaths, grassland, roadsides and other open areas and places where the larval foodplants grow and usually at altitudes of at least .
Life cycle.
This butterfly flies from May to August. The larvae feed on species of vetch, often Meadow vetchling ("Lathyrus pratensis") and tufted vetch ("Vicia cracca"). The males fly around near the hostplants waiting for femalesto arrive. The females lay their eggs singly on the leaves of the host plant. The caterpillars have glands which secrete a sugary fluid that attracts ants and the presence of these protects the larvae from predators.

</doc>
<doc id="19437653" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19437653" title="Kya Hadsaa Kya Haqeeqat">
Kya Hadsaa Kya Haqeeqat

Kya Hadsaa Kya Haqeeqat is a thriller television show that was first broadcast on Sony TV in 2002. The broadcast many of the small stories in a mini format. The original story was based on I Know What You Did Last Summer. Most of the stories consist of actors that have previously worked with or were launched by Balaji Telefilms, such as Pallavi Kulkarni, Hiten Tejwani, Smriti Irani, Gauri Pradhan, Cezanne Khan, Rajeev Khandelwal, Ashlesha Sawant, Sumeet Sachdev and many others.
Story.
The story follows trials and tribulations of a gullible, young woman, Nikki, who leaves her hometown to start life afresh in a big city. Unfortunately, her unpleasant past follows her and she soon finds herself caught in a vortex of complex twists and turns and begins to fear for her own safety. She realizes that reality can be stranger than fiction. Nikki is stalked by a hooded killer who, one by one, kills everyone around Nikki. Eventually Nikki meets dashing police inspector Raj and marries him. He vows to protect her, but then she realizes one shocking truth after another — neither can she trust her new family nor can she trust her own as everyone has secrets to hide and hidden agenda. Left to herself, Nikki has to expose dark shocking secrets before the killer gets her.
Awards.
The ITA Awards
Winners: 2002
Winners: 2002

</doc>
<doc id="19437665" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19437665" title="Joe Natuman">
Joe Natuman

Joe Natuman, born 24 November 1952, is a ni-Vanuatu politician, member of the Vanua'aku Pati.
He is a graduate of the University of the South Pacific, and was also an exchange student at the University of Papua New Guinea.
In the 1980s, he worked in the highest ranks of the civil service, culminating with the position of First Secretary to the Prime Minister's Office from 1987 to 1991, at the time of Prime Minister Walter Lini. He then worked as assistant registrar at the University of the South Pacific in Suva, Fiji, until 1995.
He entered national politics when he was elected MP for Tanna, representing the Vanua'aku Pati, in the 1995 general election. He has been continuously re-elected since.
From 1996 to 2008, he served in the following positions in successive governments:
While Minister of Education, he was chairman of the Vanuatu National Commission for UNESCO.
Prime Minister Edward Natapei appointed him Minister for Lands in 2008, then reshuffled him to the position of Minister for Foreign Affairs, External Trade and Telecommunications in 2010. Natapei's government was ousted in a motion of no confidence in December 2010, and Natuman sat on the Opposition benches until Serge Vohor ascended to the premiership in a successful motion of no confidence against Prime Minister Sato Kilman on Easter Sunday (24 April), 2011, and restored Natuman as Minister for Foreign Affairs. Three weeks later, however, Vohor's election and premiership were voided by the Court of Appeal, and Natuman lost his position in government (13 May). On 16 June, Kilman's election and premiership were themselves voided by the Supreme Court, on constitutional grounds, and previous Prime Minister Edward Natapei became caretaker Prime Minister until a new leader could be elected. Natuman was restored as interim Minister of Foreign Affairs. Transparency International subsequently praised Natuman for having, as Minister for Foreign Affairs, "proceeded with a full clean-up" in the selling of diplomatic passports which had occurred frequently under previous governments. On 26 June 2011, Sato Kilman was elected Prime Minister by Parliament, and Natuman lost his position in government.

</doc>
<doc id="19437673" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19437673" title="William Freeman Daniell">
William Freeman Daniell

William Freeman Daniell (1818–1865) was a British army surgeon and botanist. From 1847 to 1856 he was stationed in Gambia, the Gold Coast (modern Ghana) and Sierra Leone, where he studied tropical diseases and botany.
He corresponded with William Jackson Hooker and Charles Darwin
The genus "Daniellia" of legumes was named after him by John Joseph Bennett.

</doc>
<doc id="19437675" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19437675" title="Polyommatus damon">
Polyommatus damon

The Damon Blue "(Polyommatus damon)" is a butterfly of the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Central Europe and temperate parts of Asia.
The wingspan is 16–18 mm. The butterfly flies from June to August.
The larvae feed on Onobrychis species.

</doc>
<doc id="19437676" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19437676" title="Floraison">
Floraison

Floraison India Compliances Pvt. Ltd. is a consulting company located in Bangalore, India. 
The company provides regulatory compliance management, accounting & payroll, HR and assurance services from Bangalore.
Floraison is a member of The Confederation of Indian Industry and The Indo German Chamber of 
Commerce.
Consulting.
Business consulting from Floraison

</doc>
<doc id="19437705" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19437705" title="Sakis Kouvas">
Sakis Kouvas

Career.
Kouvas began playing football for Vyzas F.C. at age 16, transferred to Panathinaikos in 1971 and played in 1971 Intercontinental Cup. He scored 73 Greek league goals for Vyzas and Panathinaikos, making him one of the league's all-time leading goal-scorers. Kouvas won the Greek championship with Panathinaikos in 1972.
He made his only national appearance in 30 September 1971, for the Greece national football team.

</doc>
<doc id="19437715" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19437715" title="Rangamati (film)">
Rangamati (film)

Rangamati (((2008) is a Bengali Movie was released in 2008. Directed by Kanoj Das, the movie featured Amitabh Bhattacharjee, Sreela Majumdar, Soumitra Chatterjee, Pratim Chattopadhyay and Kunal Mitra.
Plot.
The story of the movie revolves around a village named Simulpur, which is entirely submerged into superstition and corruption. The village head or Morol Moshai Harimohan babu (Soumitra CHatterjee) is a corrupted, power centric and pervert person. In order to capture the lands of the villagers he implies a different plan, he announces that the family practices witchcraft with the help of a “gunin” and either kills them or force them out of village. The villagers solely believe in witches, ghosts and spirits. In that village lives Babulal (Amitabha Bhattacharya) who loves his wife Parul (Sangeeta) extremely. But Babulal’s mother continuously tortures her as she hasn’t give birth of any child even after 6 years of their marriage. She believes that her daughter-in-law is a witch and takes help of the “gunin”. As Harimohan Babu conspired against Parul to capture her father’s property, he advised “gunin” to announce her as a witch. As the “gunin” does so, to save herself from the rage of the villagers jumps into a river. Dr. Sen (Kunal Mitra) finds Parul lying unconscious and admits her at the Govt. hospital. In this meantime a group of social workers come to the village to free it from superstition. As they continue their work to make the villagers aware of their wrong thinking and superstitious mentality, the doctor informs Parul that its due to her husband’s deficiency she can never become a mother. So desperate Parul decides to become a mother of the baby of doctor instead of Babulal. As Parul become pregnant the villagers realize that she was never a witch and that “gunin” had told them all rubbish. In this meantime being trapped by a social worker Ishani (Shrila Majumdar) accepts that it all was a plan of Harimohan babu. So, ultimately police arrest old Harimohan Babu and on the other hand Parul gives birth to a baby boy. After showing the villagers a new ray of hope the social worker go back to Kolkata and the movie reaches its happy ending.

</doc>
<doc id="19437724" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19437724" title="Hovertank">
Hovertank

Hovertank may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19437728" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19437728" title="Polyommatus daphnis">
Polyommatus daphnis

The Meleager's Blue "(Polyommatus daphnis)" is a butterfly of the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Eastern and Southern Europe and Western Asia, from Southern Poland ranging to the Balkans and Turkey. 
The length of the forewings is 18–19 mm. The butterfly flies from June to August.
The larvae feed on Horseshoe Vetch, Sainfoin and Securigera varia.

</doc>
<doc id="19437760" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19437760" title="Polyommatus escheri">
Polyommatus escheri

Escher's Blue "(Polyommatus escheri)" is a butterfly of the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Southern Europe and Morocco.
The length of the forewings is 17–19 mm. The butterfly flies from May to August.
The larvae feed on Astragalus species and possibly Sainfoin.

</doc>
<doc id="19437769" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19437769" title="Faith in Fakes">
Faith in Fakes

"Il costume di casa" ("Faith In Fakes") was originally an essay written by the Italian semiotician Umberto Eco, about "America's obsession with simulacra and counterfeit reality." It was later incorporated as the centrepiece of the anthology bearing the same name, a collection of articles and essays about Italian ideologies. The anthology contains a selection of essays taken from two Italian books by Eco: "Il Costume Di Casa" (first published in 1973) and "Sette anni di desiderio" (1983). It was translated into English in 1986 as "Faith In Fakes" and later updated as "Travels In Hyperreality" in 1995.
Content.
The book is a collection of articles from mainly Italian newspapers and magazines about the wider subject of human consciousness, including Eco's own subject of semiotics. The subjects of the main essay includes modern Americana such as wax museums, Superman and holography, and the other articles discuss a number of other subjects, including football, the Middle Ages, Jim Jones and the People's Temple, and tight jeans.
Semiological guerrilla.
The collection included the influential 1967 article "Towards a Semiological Guerrilla Warfare", first given as a lecture at conference "Vision '67" in New York, and included in Eco's first work on semiotic theory, his 1968 "La Struttura Assente" ("The Absent Structure").
The term has been influential in the theorization of guerrilla tactics against mainstream mass media culture, such as guerrilla television and culture jamming. Among the expressions used in the essay, "communications guerrilla warfare" and "cultural guerrilla."

</doc>
<doc id="19437772" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19437772" title="Raaz – The Mystery Continues">
Raaz – The Mystery Continues

Raaz – The Mystery Continues, shortened as RTMC, (, translation: "Secret")is a 2009 Bollywood supernatural horror film directed by Mohit Suri and starring Emraan Hashmi and Kangna Ranaut. The film is the second film in the "Raaz" series, but story wise, it is not a direct sequel to the 2002 prequel "Raaz". The film deals with issues of the "evil within" the human psyche and how it manifests itself. It is based on the myths and superstitions that are still widely existent in the contemporary Indian society. The film attempts to challenge one’s beliefs about paranormal phenomena. Emraan Hashmi plays a painter, named Prithvi, who has an extraordinary gift. His paintings tell Nandita's (Kangna Ranaut) future. 
The film opened to theaters on 23 January 2009. It received generally mixed reviews and became a "semi hit" at the box office. A third installment in the "Raaz" series was released in 2013. Emraan Hashmi in the lead. Some of the scenes of the movie were similar to those of the Hollywood movies "The Ring 2" and "Gothika". It was first in a series of quasi-sequels released under the Bhatt Banner including "Murder 2", "Jannat 2", "Jism 2", "Raaz 3D" and "", each of which had nothing to do with their respective prequels, but somehow fell in the same genre following a similar story.
Plot.
The story starts with an American visiting the Kalindi Temple at night. There he sees the priest of the temple in a horrific state – he had slit his body with a scythe and had written 'Om' on his body. The man, horrified by what he is seeing, flees from there. The story then shifts to a young model Nandita (Kangna Ranaut) who is in love with Yash, (Adhyayan Suman) a director and host of the reality show "Andhvishwas" a show dealing with various superstitions of ghosts and tantric voodoos. Yash gifts Nandita an apartment where they start living and they love each other, in the meantime Nandita gets pregnant.
One evening, Nandita encounters Prithvi (Emraan Hashmi), an aspiring artist who is in search of his masterpiece. Prithvi tells Nandita that he made a sketch 4 months ago of a girl, who is actually Nandita. He also shows her a painting where she is lying with her wrist slit. He warns her of any type of danger. Regardless, Nandita accidentally slits her wrist due to an unknown ghostly attack on her in the bathroom. Prithvi saves her and admits her to a hospital. Yash arrives to the hospital and comes to know about her pregnancy and also her miscarriage due to excessive bleeding. She complains to Yash about Prithvi, and Yash gets him arrested, though he is released later on.
Meanwhile at Kalindi, the same American, David Cooper (J. Brandon Hill), who is the Kalindi chemical plant owner, commits suicide by hanging himself after writing on the wall of his room, "Tum ashudh ho, andar sey sadh chuke ho" (You are impure, you are rotten from inside),with his blood. The inspector investigating the suicide is severely affected by it. Back at his home, Prithvi makes another picture of Nandita getting mobbed. He runs to a fashion show where Nandita is performing, and witnesses her being possessed and attacking a spiritual guru attending the show. She then says the same lines, "Tum ashudh Ho, sadh chuke ho", to the guru. Prithvi rushes to her rescue, but is prevented by the guards. Nandita is taken away from the guru and audience. The guru later appears on TV, claiming she had been possessed. Coming to know about everything, Yash has her publicly apologise to everyone, and declares that she has mental problems.
After the guards release Prithvi, Nandita is possessed again in her bathroom, with same lines appearing in the mirror. She goes to Prithvi for help, but he refuses her, showing her a new painting in which she is hanging herself and the same lines seem to appear behind her. He also shows her some news clippings about the death of the priest and David Cooper, with the same lines written behind them. Nandita thanks him and leaves to attend a party with Yash. There she is possessed and attacked again, and starts bleeding. Meanwhile, Prithvi prepares himself to help Nandita by burning the ominous painting of Nandita, which symbolises that he will protect her. He spots Nandita running from the party, apparently bleeding, and follows her. He finally catches up to her in a slum, where he sees her writing the same lines as before with her blood. He tries to stop her, but realises that she is possessed. She then tries to commit suicide but he prevents her from doing so. Yash arrives to find Nandita in Prithvi's arms.
Yash agrees to help Nandita on the condition she leaves Prithvi, but she refuses his help and decides to stay with Prithvi and visit Kalindi to find out the truth. Prithvi and Nandita spend the night in a guest house, where Nandita is possessed once again. The spirit leads her to a forest where she is repeatedly attacked by paranormal beings. She receives visions of people hanging from trees. She then spots a well and somebody standing near it, and goes towards them. Just as she is about to jump, Prithvi catches her. It is revealed that the 'well' was actually the steep edge of a cliff. They arrive at Kalindi and meet the priest's wife (who is living life as a prostitute) who tells them that it was her husband who was evil and his death was not surprising, considering the crimes he had committed against innocent people in the name of religion. They decide to go to the police inspectors' house (the same one who investigated David Coopers' suicide), where they find him completely crazy and are unable to prevent him from committing suicide.
Nandita and Prithvi soon continue their journey by jeep. One night while travelling, they are attacked by animals. Nandita escapes the jeep and heads towards the trees, where she finds the same well. This time, before Prithvi can save her, she jumps into it. Prithvi follows her. Inside the well, Nandita comes to know that it was Prithvi's father, Veer Pratap Singh (Jackie Shroff), who was possessing her. It so happened that he discovered that the Kalindi chemical plant dumps its toxins into a lake where thousands gathered once a year to bathe in a sacred ritual. He lodges a complaint against David Cooper but is warned by the policeman and the priest against taking any action, or his life will be in peril. He merely replies, "Tum ashudh Ho, sadh chuke ho". Veer Pratap tries to tell the truth to everyone, but is killed by the goons of the priest and his body is dumped in the same well. His spirit returns for his revenge. He kills David Cooper, and the policeman and priest who sided with David. Prithvi finally learns the truth, but is still confused as to why Nandita was used for this. They come to know that it was Yash who had all the proof of Veer Singh's death, but he had sold those proofs to David in return for sponsorship of his show. Nandita tries to escape with the proof but is just about shot by Yash, when Prithvi saves her. Unfortunately for both, Prithvi is stabbed by Yash. In the end however, the spirit of Veer attacks and kills Yash. Before moving on, Veer heals Prithvi's wounds after which Nandita and Prithvi are reunited.
Production.
Development.
Screenwriter Shagufta Rafiq in an interview stated that the story is weaved around Sant Kabir's idiom, ""Bura jo dekhan main chala, Bura na milya koi; Jo dil khoja apna, Ta mujh sa bura na koi"", which means that the evil is within oneself and that is the message of the film. Bhatts making Indian version of ‘The Omen’ Thaindian News Retrieved on 2009-01-22</ref> The director was changed from Vikram Bhatt (who was the original "Raaz" director) to Mohit Suri. Suri had reportedly added a lot of dramatic space to the film and played around with visuals and sounds which led to an extraordinary pace. Suri got inspired about the movie after reading a lot on Hindu mythology, where good and evil are represented in stark contrast.
Also it was distributed through Sony bmg banner,however the prequel Raaz 2002 was distributed by Tips industries
Casting.
Originally it was thought that Bipasha Basu would be called for RTMC since she hasn't worked with the Bhatts post "Jism". But later it was announced that she has been dropped and Kangna Ranaut took her place. Even Amrita Rao was also considered but she passed the opportunity. Emraan Hashmi joined the cast taking over from Dino Morea. Dino expressed his disappointment with the decision by saying "I'm not disappointed but definitely baffled. How can they make a "Raaz 2" without anyone from the original cast? How can it be a sequel, then?" Later it was announced that "Raaz – The Mystery Continues" is not a sequel to the original movie. Adhyayan Suman plays Yash, a documentary filmmaker who is perceived as an atheist and believes in scientific rationale behind everything. His beliefs are challenged in the film. He reportedly called this film his debut, although he debuted in Bollywood with the 2008 film "Haal-e-dil". Actress Sonal Chauhan was also reported to play a part in the movie, however she could not be a part of the final cast. Incidentally, Kangna again plays a supermodel called Nandita in this film, right after "Fashion". Since playing a supermodel, she had to reportedly undergo many types of looks and even changed her hair colour to red. Emraan Hashmi plays a dark character as the painter, Prithvi, who has no contact with the outside world. His character is the main link to the fate of Kangna's character. According to the actor, though comparisons are evident with the earlier "Raaz", this film has a different plot and will give a new definition to the horror genre. Veteran actor Jackie Shroff was reported to be playing Kangna's father in the movie, which after release was revealed to be Emraan's father's character.
Filming.
Filming for the movie took place in Shimla unlike Coonoor which was used in "Raaz". Some part of the filming also took place in Mumbai. According to sources "Raaz – The Mystery Continues" is the most expensive Bollywood horror movie. Kangna was paid INR 6 million for her role in the film. The film received an A certificate from the Censor Board, leading to a war of words between Mukesh Bhatt and the Board. Mukesh however denied these saying that "Raaz – TMC" got a U/A certificate. Filming for the movie completed on 10 November 2008 at Mumbai.
Indian Television and Film actor Sushant Singh Rajput of Kis Desh Mein Hai Meraa Dil and Pavitra Rishta fame assisted director Mohit Suri during the making of the movie
Promotion.
A one minute 39 seconds teaser trailer for the movie was released by Emraan Hashmi on November along with the movie "Fashion". Apparently Mohit Suri and Mahesh Bhatt had quite a heated argument over the trailer. When questioned on his apparent fight with Mahesh Bhatt over the trailer, he said: "It wasn't a fight, though there was a lot of heat...being creative people we do have very strong point of views on how it should be... Bhattsaab wanted a trailer with dialogues whereas I thought we should just focus on strong visuals and musical score..."
Sony BMG partnered with social networking site "Ibibo" to launch a web application for the movie. The RTMC application allowed Ibibo.com members to take part in a movie making contest whose winners got a chance to spend a day with Mohit Suri, director of Raaz, and got to learn the art of film making from him. Ashish Kashyap, CEO, Ibibo.com, said, "The Raaz – The Mystery Continues application on Ibibo.com reiterates our core value proposition to recognize talent and enable users to self express and engage with latest Bollywood content. This is a perfect example of a Bollywood movie promotion leveraging the power of social media on Ibibo.com."
On 9 January 2009, the cast and crew of "Raaz -The Mystery Continues" which was Mahesh Bhatt, director Mohit Suri and lead actors Emraan Hashmi and Adhyayan Suman, held a discussion on horror films at Crossword Bookstores. They shared their views on horror as a genre and also about their upcoming film. The full theatrical trailer of the movie was released with movies like "Ghajini" and "Rab Ne Bana Di Jodi". There was some tension in the Bhatt camp regarding the promotion as lead pairs Kangna Ranaut and Emraan Hashmi were unavailable for it and burden of promotion was left with newcomer Adhyayan Suman. However, the cast, including actors Emraan Hashmi and Kangna Ranaut, later appeared for the promotion of the movie at Bangalore.
Release.
The movie released on 23 January, all over India. The movie was released with 70 prints overseas. The movie has been given a huge release. It is the biggest release ever of Emraan Hashmi beating the 525+ theatre release of "Jannat" by a huge margin. In India, the movie has been released on nearly 900 cinemas with 475 digital screens including 435 UFO's and around 400 other cinemas. The film is also the biggest release ever for Vishesh films. The distributors of the film, Sony Pictures had some issues with the multiplexes but were resolved in time for the film to have clean release on 23rd. The UK release of the movie is handled by Tip Top Entertainment.
Critical reception.
Early reception for the movie was mostly mixed. The "Times of India" gave 3 out of 5 stars saying that,"Emraan Hashmi & Kangna bring the Gangster magic again...they have done a good job whereas Adhyayan Suman shows promise." "Bollywood Hungama" gave a good review saying "On the whole, Raaz – The Mystery Continues is rich in the horror quotient and that is one of its major USPs, besides the highly competent performances by its principal cast and a lilting musical score. At the box-office, this one will continue the winning streak of Mahesh Bhatt and Mukesh Bhatt's Vishesh Films. The 4-day weekend January 26 in a holiday will only cement its status further. Go for it!". The lead actors were praised for their performance. In the review, "On the acting front, both Emraan and Kangna vie for top honours. Emraan is excellent. He conveys a lot through facial expressions and that's the sign of a proficient actor. He's just getting better and better with every film. Kangna is top notch. After "Fashion", this one's another power-packed performance from the actress. Adhyayan Suman is super-confident and registers a strong impact, especially towards the climax. He shows promise. Jackie Shroff is quite okay in a brief role." "NDTV" gave negative reviews for the movie saying "The first Raaz, which married the Hollywood film What Lies Beneath with the myth of Savitri who pursued Yamraj until her husband came back to life, had a cheesy appeal. This Raaz is a big bore. The scares are tired and Suri doesn't know how to pace them out. So, every minute, something awful is happening, from a bull attack to mutilation and murder. Was I scared? Not once. This mystery was better left discontinued." "AOL" reviewer Noyon Jyoti Parasara too rated the film low. He gave the film a mere 2 out of 5 and said, ""Raaz – The Mystery Continues", which with all its hype was supposed scare the lights out of you, could not make me bat an eyelid out of fear. So there go all expectations!."
Box office.
India.
The movie, upon its release on 23 January 2009, had a good response at the box office. According to "Business Standard", the movie got the biggest weekend collections within January, grossing over Rs 125 million in the first three days of its release, ahead of some of the other releases in January so far like "Slumdog Millionaire" which managed to have grossed Rs 8–90 million. The movie is being played in the maximum shows across most multiplexes and recorded nearly 80 per cent collections in the first three days of its release. It opened to good response in single cinemas across the country on Friday with over 70–75% collections. In the multiplexes the opening was in the range of 65–70%. The film grossed around 47.5 million net collections on day one. At the end of the first week the movie grossed over 300 million at the box office, making it the highest grossing horror film in India. Trade Analysts have attributed the success of the film to a combination of three factors – a strong product from Vishesh Films, excellent marketing from Sony BMG and a very strong word of mouth. "Raaz 2" grossed at the end of theatrical run in India and it is declared a Hit.
Overseas.
However, in the UK the movie did mediocre business, debuting at number 25 and collecting £ 27,710 Rs. 1873,000 on 17 screens, with the per screen average working out to £1,630.
Music.
The music of this movie is released by Sony BMG. The first music video, Maahi, of the album was released on 6 December 2008. The second music video was "Soniyo". After that, "Maahi (Rock With Me)" and "O Jaana (Dance With Me)" mixes are released with backup music videos. The last music video of the song, "Kaisa Ye Raaz Hai", was released in the 2nd week of January 2009.
Reception.
The music received positive reviews and tracks like Maahi, "Kaisa Ye Raaz Hai" and "Soniyo" were particularly praised. "NDTV" gave a good review saying "Overall, the music of Raaz – The Mystery Continues has its own place under the sun. It is definitely worth listening."
"One India" gave a positive review saying "The music of Raaz – TMC indeed impresses, the soundtrack here is yet another good addition to the enviable music catalogue of the Bhatts and Emraan would certainly have some more chartbusters to add to his name. As for the last question i.e. whether Raaz – TMC matches up to Nadeem-Shravan's "Raaz", then well, let's put it this way that albums like Aashiqui, Raaz or a Saajan are made only once and there shouldn't even be a conscious effort to replicate or surpass them. In this regard, the music of Raaz – TMC has its own place under the sun and what matters in the end is whether it works for the film or not. Well, the answer for this one is a firm Yes! Thaindian News also reviewed the music for the film. They said "“Soniyo" is the best number of the album. Sung by Sonu Nigam and Shreya Ghoshal, the pleasant track moves at a very steady pace. Kumar keeps the lyrics as simple as the composition and it gives the singers ample space. Consisting mainly of melodic, slow paced tracks, the frontrunners of this album are two fast numbers. Both "O Jaana" and "Soniyo" are the highlights of the pack. But at the above the song Maahi became a blockbuster hit after its release.
Soundtrack.
The soundtrack of Raaz The Mystery Continues is composed by Sharib-Toshi, Raju Singh, Pranay M Rijia & Gourov Dasgupta. Originally Nadeem Shravan were to compose the soundtrack and they came on board too but were taken out as there music was proved to be outdated by the producers then Pritam was to compose for the same but was replaced by the current music directors. Sharib-Toshi mark their debut with this film while Raju Singh composes songs for a soundtrack after many years, Govrav Dasgupta & Pranay M Rijia are new comers. The Lyrics are penned by Kumaar & Sayeed Quadri. Songs are as follows :-
Sequels.
With "Raaz TMC" getting an encouraging opening, a third instalment of the series, Raaz 3 was released on 7 September 2012. The film received an overwhelming response at the box office and emerged as the highest grossing film of the trilogy.
A fourth film, "Raaz - The Hidden Secret", is currently in pre-production. The film is supposed to be an official remake of the American film "The Omen".

</doc>
<doc id="19437776" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19437776" title="Nitrobacter vulgaris">
Nitrobacter vulgaris

Nitrobacter vulgaris is a rod-shaped, Gram-negative, and a chemoautotrophic bacterium. It plays an important role in the nitrogen cycle by oxidizing nitrite into nitrate in soil. It cannot tolerate highly alkaline (NH4+) conditions.
NO2- + 1/2O2 -> NO3-

</doc>
<doc id="19437782" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19437782" title="Chihuahuan Desert Research Institute">
Chihuahuan Desert Research Institute

The Chihuahuan Desert Research Institute or CDRI, incorporated in January 1974, is an independent non-profit, scientific and educational organization located on a tract in the foothills of the Davis Mountains. The organization's stated goal is to promote public awareness, appreciation, and concern for the natural diversity of the Chihuahuan Desert region through research and education. With its roots in nearby Sul Ross State University, the institute also works closely with several other colleges, universities, and organizations. Dr. Cathryn Hoyt is the executive director and has held that position since 2004.
History.
From 1974 to 1983, the Institute was housed in the Centennial School Building in Alpine, Texas. The Alpine Independent School District generously leased the facility to CDRI at the rate of $1.00 per year.
In 1983, Centennial School was sold and the CDRI moved to Honors Hall on the campus of Sul Ross State University. While headquartered on the Sul Ross State University campus, the Institute conducted its activities from Honors Hall (1983-1991), and later from the Barton Warnock Science Building (1991-1997).
Education and Outreach.
CDRI publishes a magazine, "The Chihuahuan Desert Discovery" twice a year which is distributed to its members. Another way in which the CDRI staff inform the public about their efforts is by writing a weekly radio program, ""Nature Notes"", which airs Thursday mornings on KRTS, the National Public Radio affiliate in Marfa, Texas.
To extend its goal of research and education to the geology of the Desert, CDRI intends to install a geological pavilion on the highest point of the Institute’s site. This will allow for the disassembly of the 360° panorama presented by its mountain top location into eight individual views and provides a focal point for their re-assembly and integration as a visual representation, study, and explanation of the geology which controls that panorama. Displays will first focus on the immediate area, where three igneous cored domes (diameters: 3 – 4 km) and other associated intrusions, including the igneous stock on which the pavilion itself sits, are well exposed. These domes are thought to be cored by laccoliths. The topography of the domes is variable, as is the degree of exposure of the actual intrusions; in fact, the only exposure of the intrusion coring one of the domes is on a fault located along its north edge (trap door laccolith?). The thrust of the display will be to relate the view of the domes from the pavilion to the view presented in maps and cross sections, as well as the view presented by satellite images. Other displays at the pavilion will take advantage of broader views of the Davis Mountains. For example, in the core of another of these domes, the contact of the Crossen Trachyte, a major mapping unit in the south of the range, and the Star Mountain Formation, another mapping unit but in the north of the range, can be seen. This is the only location in the whole of the range where their contact can be mapped. The Crossen extends to Crossen Mesa, 64 km to the south; the Star Mountain 50 km to the north. As seen from the pavilion, it is dramatically exposed in the cliffs of Star Mountain, 27 km away.
Land Acquisition.
In 1978, CDRI purchased the tract. This site is being developed as a research and educational facility where visitors can experience the Chihuahuan Desert firsthand. In 1985, the land was fully paid for through public contributions. With the construction of its new Visitors' Center in January 1998, the CDRI moved operations from the Sul Ross campus to its permanent home near Fort Davis where it has been open to the public year-round ever since.
Funding.
CDRI operations are funded through tax-deductible contributions, professional services, annual and life memberships, the proceeds from special events, and short and long-term investments. Clayton Williams, a founding member of CDRI has donated a considerable amount of money to the institute. A significant bequest from the estate of renowned biologist Roger Conant in 2005 helped put the organization on a firm financial position.
See also.
Chihuahuan Desert Nature Center and Botanical Gardens

</doc>
<doc id="19437797" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19437797" title="Polyommatus hispana">
Polyommatus hispana

The Provence Chalk-hill Blue "(Polyommatus hispana)" is a butterfly of the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Spain, Southern France and Northern Italy.
The wingspan is 16–18 mm. The butterfly flies from April to September.
The larvae feed on Horseshoe Vetch.

</doc>
<doc id="19437798" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19437798" title="Jean Paul Vuillemin">
Jean Paul Vuillemin

Jean Paul Vuillemin (1861–1932) was a French mycologist born in Docelles.
He studied at the University of Nancy, earning his medical doctorate in 1884. In 1892 he obtained his doctorate in sciences at the Sorbonne, and from 1895 to 1932 he was a professor of natural history at the medical faculty in Nancy. 
He described the genera "Spinalia" and "Zygorhynchus". The mushroom genus "Vuilleminia" (Maire) is named after him.
In 1901 he transferred the yeast-like fungus that was named "Saccharomyces hominis" by Otto Busse and "Saccharomyces neoformans" by Francesco Sanfelice to the genus "Cryptococcus" due to its absence of ascospores. 

</doc>
<doc id="19437803" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19437803" title="USS West Compo (ID-3912)">
USS West Compo (ID-3912)

USS "West Compo" (ID-3912) was a cargo ship for the United States Navy in 1919. The ship was built in 1919 as SS "West Compo", a steam-powered cargo ship for the as part of the "West" boats, a series of steel-hulled cargo ships built on the West Coast of the United States for the World War I war effort. She was the 20th ship built by Northwest Steel in Portland, Oregon. She was commissioned into the of the United States Navy in January 1919. After one overseas trips for the Navy, she was decommissioned in May 1919 and returned to the .
It is not known if "West Compo" had a civilian career after her Navy career ended. Sources conflict as to the ship's ultimate fate, but she was probably broken up in 1936 at Baltimore, Maryland.
Design and construction.
The "West" ships were cargo ships of similar size and design built by several shipyards on the West Coast of the United States for the for emergency use during World War I. All were given names that began with the word "West", like "West Compo", one of some 40 "West" ships built by Northwest Steel of Portland, Oregon. "West Compo" (Northwest Steel yard number 20, hull number 1080) was completed in January 1919.
"West Compo" was , and was long (between perpendiculars) and abeam. "West Compo" had a steel hull and a mean draft of . She displaced 12,185 t, and had a deadweight tonnage of . The ship had a single steam turbine that drove her single screw propeller, and moved the ship at a pace.
Military career.
USS "West Compo" (ID-3912) was commissioned into the on 3 February 1919 with Lieutenant Commander A. A. Modeer, , in command. The ship sailed on 12 February with on a load of wheat flour and transited the Panama Canal on 1 and 2 March. After she arrived in Norfolk, Virginia, on 11 March, she replenished her fuel and stores and got underway for the Mediterranean on 14 March. "West Compo" arrived at Trieste on 9 April and unloaded her cargo. After taking on sand ballast, she departed on 19 April, sailing to Philadelphia via Gibraltar. She arrived at Philadelphia on 15 May, was decommissioned one week later, and returned to the .
Civilian career.
After the Navy decommissioned "West Compo" it is not known if she had a civilian career for the .The ship does not appear in contemporary newspaper reports and there is no evidence that she was ever sold. The "Dictionary of American Naval Fighting Ships" reports that the ship was abandoned by the in 1933. Jordan lists her as still under ownership in 1939, but Haworth reports that the ship was broken up in Baltimore in April 1936. Colton also reports the ship as being scrapped in 1936.

</doc>
