<doc id="19411330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19411330" title="Tim Cruz">
Tim Cruz

Timothy Andrew Cruz also known as Tim Cruz (born in New York City, New York, USA on 2 January 1979) is an American pop singer signed with Fearless Management. He is also in music production and does some modelling as well.
In the late 1990s, he was a member of the boy band React with Daniel Matrium. They had a Top 10 hit on the dance charts with "Let's Go All The Way".
In 2001 Tim Cruz became a founding member of another boy band called B3 alongside Rod Michael and John Steven Sutherland. When Rod Michael left, he was replaced in 2002 by Blair Madison Late. B3 was mainly successful in Germany. Their biggest hit was "I.O.I.O.", a cover of a Bee Gees song that was #4 in Germany in 2002 and was in charts in many European and Asian countries (including Austria, Switzerland, Poland, Hungary, the Czech Republic, Thailand). 
B3 disbanded in December 2004 and Tim Cruz continued with Fearless Management for a solo career.
Now he is the manager of a fitness center in New York City.

</doc>
<doc id="19411332" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19411332" title="Jasmina">
Jasmina

Jasmina is the first studio album of Montenegrin singer Dado Polumenta. This album marked the beginning of Polumenta's upcoming career in the music industry.
Songs.
The album contains ten songs. The track listings are as follows:

</doc>
<doc id="19411350" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19411350" title="Financial market reaction to the Russia–Georgia war">
Financial market reaction to the Russia–Georgia war

In the Financial market reaction to 2008 South Ossetia war, AFP reported that unidentified analysts believed that Russian stock exchange declines in August and September 2008, were attributed to "a mix of falling energy prices, global market turmoil and political issues including worries over the war with Georgia." Just on August 8, the day the war started, six billion dollars left Russia.
Harvard B-School professor Noel Maurer sharply disagrees with the view that 2008 South Ossetia war had a substantial negative impact on Russian financial markets: "Russian indices were in decline well before the war started. If anything has happened since, it is that the decline has slowed. This is not consistent with the hypothesis that the markets are punishing Russia for the war."
The Georgian financial markets also suffered negative consequences as Fitch Ratings lowered Georgia's sovereign debt ratings from BB- to B+, commenting that there are increased risks to Georgian sovereign creditworthiness. Standard and Poor's also lowered Georgia's sovereign credit rating.
While Georgia has no significant oil or gas reserves on its own, it is an important transit route that supplies the West, and journalists expressed fear that the war may damage the Baku–Tbilisi–Ceyhan pipeline (BTC pipeline), 30% of which is owned by BP. The BTC pipeline was shut down before the conflict because of the blast in Turkey on August 6, 2008, that was threatened and then claimed by the PKK and the war created further problems for the operating company Botas International Ltd. Georgia claims Russia is targeting the pipeline. On August 8, 2008, Russian air forces devastated the port of Poti, which the Georgian government calls "a key port for the transportation of energy sources," close to the Baku-Supsa pipeline and the Supsa oil terminal. On August 12, 2008, BP, an operator of the main pipelines through Georgia, closed the BTC pipeline, the Baku-Supsa Pipeline and the South Caucasus Pipeline for the safety reasons. Gas supplies through the South Caucasus Pipeline were resumed on August 14, 2008.
The price of oil was not negatively affected by these events, on August 8, 2008 light sweet crude for September delivery settled down $4.82 to $115.20 on the New York Mercantile Exchange.

</doc>
<doc id="19411365" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19411365" title="Ezechiel Ndouasel">
Ezechiel Ndouasel

Ezechiel N'Douassel, also known as Ngar (born April 22, 1988), is a Chadian international footballer who is currently playing for Tunisian side Club Africain on loan from FC Terek Grozny.
Club career.
N'Douassel began his career in 2006 at local side Tourbillon FC before moving to Algeria in 2007 to play for MC Oran and he joined USM Blida. In his debut for USM Blida, Ndouassel scored a brace against MC El Eulma, with goals in the 86th and 90th minute to give his team a 2–1 win. He would end the season with five goals in fifteen appearances. During his time at USM Blida, N'Douassel was linked with a number of European clubs including Olympique de Marseille, Arsenal, Monaco and Mallorca.
On July 20, 2009, it was announced that Ndouassel joined Belgian club FCV Dender on a free transfer and signed a 3-year contract worth €200,000 after impressing on trial in friendlies against Roeselare and Hamme. However, the move was not finalized and Ndouassel was forced to return to USM Blida shortly after because he was still under contract with the club.
On January 9, 2011, Ndouassel signed a 4-year contract with Tunisian side Club Africain.
International career.
Ezechiel is a member of the Chad national football team since 2005. He played on 2005 CEMAC Cup, 2007 CEMAC Cup, 2008 Africa Cup of Nations qualification in a matches against South Africa home and away, against Zambia and Congo, and in the 2010 World Cup qualification against the Congo home and away, and Sudan and Mali at home. In the 2012 Africa Cup of Nations qualification he played matches against Togo at home, Botswana home and away, Tunisia at home and away, and Malawi both away and at home. He also played the home match against Tanzania, in a 2014 World Cup qualification.

</doc>
<doc id="19411368" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19411368" title="Broughton Benjamin Pegge Burnell">
Broughton Benjamin Pegge Burnell

Broughton Benjamin Pegge Burnell (c. 1774– 1850) was a landowner who lived at Beauchief Abbey and Winkbourn Hall. He was High Sheriff and Deputy Lieutenant of Derbyshire and a magistrate for Derbyshire, Nottinghamshire and Yorkshire.
Biography.
Pegge Burnell was born Broughton Benjamin Steade to a Yorkshire family. His father Thomas Steade had married Millicent the daughter of Strelly Pegge of Beauchief Abbey in Derbyshire (later Boundary changes have now put the Abbey inside the city of Sheffield boundary). When his elder brother died on the island of St Domingo in 1796 he inherited his family's estates.
Steade married his first cousin, Elizabeth Dalton, on 21 December 1803. and they had Edward Valentine Pegge Burnell. Edward married in 1836 Harriet daughter of Hugh Parker of Woodthorpe near Sheffield.
Steade was then left the estates of his uncle, Peter Strelly Pegge on the condition that he take the surname of Strelley Pegge. He did this in 1836 by Royal license in the same year as his son married. He also carried out alterations to the family home that year and had his new initials added to the entrance.
Pegge Burnell served as High Sheriff of Derbyshire in 1839.
He died aged 76 in Regent Street London.

</doc>
<doc id="19411388" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19411388" title="Citinite">
Citinite

Citinite is a record label launched in 2006. Its artist roster is a mix of new artists, such as Her Bad Habit, Gosub and Sweat.X, and older artists who helped pioneer the electrofunk genre, such as John Davis and Egyptian Lover. 
The first release on the label, "Cazelica", was by Robert O'Dell from Detroit. O'Dell was an occasional collaborator of techno pioneer Juan Atkins in the 90s and has worked with George Clinton.
"Flashcan", a collection of electrofunk tracks from 1984 by John Davis, was the label’s second release. Davis found infamy in the 90s as one of the real voices behind the pop group Milli-Vanilli and has also worked with Terry Lewis of The Time and Babyface.
Gosub's album for the label, "Watchers from the Black Universe", was described by DJ Magazine's reviewer Richard Brophy as the electro album of the year, 2007.
Her Bad Habit is an alias of Jimmy Edgar and his debut release, "I Don’t Know (What You’re Doing To Me)", featured more live instrumentation than he was previously known for.
Sweat.X are a South African group consisting of Markus Wormstorm and Spoek Mathambo and their two releases on the label, "Ebonyivorytron" and "I'm That Alley", met with critical success.
The label's retro-futurist ethos is epitomised by 2011's "Give It To Me Hot" recordings, which invited contemporary musicians to rework songs by the 80s funk group, Sexual Harrassment.
The label is also notable for releasing for the first time on vinyl, “Modernaire” by Dez Dickerson, a track produced by Prince which featured in the film Purple Rain. The track was released on limited edition red vinyl and featured remixes by electro artists such as Egyptian Lover and DMX Krew.
In 2008, Citinite also began co-hosting occasional special events, the first of which, held in London on 8 August 2008, was a celebration of the Roland TR-808 drum machine and featured 808 State, Arthur Baker, DMX Krew and I-f. The following year, Citinite gained further exposure with their second event, a collaboration with Glasgow's LuckyMe music and arts collective.
Citinite is based in London and run by Manuel Sepulveda.
Miscellaneous.
Most Citinite releases are designed by Manuel Sepulveda. 
Citinite has a sister company called Optigram, specialising in artwork for other record labels, such as Hyperdub, Warp (record label) and Planet Mu.
Citinite launched a monthly radio show in 2011 called Nitetrax, broadcast from the London-based internet radio station, NTS.

</doc>
<doc id="19411389" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19411389" title="Péter Szőke">
Péter Szőke

Péter Szőke (born on August 8, 1947 in Budapest, Hungary), is a former Hungarian tennis player. Szőke did not win any top-level titles during his professional career, finishing runner-up once in singles and four times in doubles. He reached his highest ATP singles ranking on August 23, 1973, when he became the 47th.
Szőke participated in 27 Davis Cup ties for Hungary from 1967–1983, posting a 9-15 record in singles and a 17-6 record in doubles.

</doc>
<doc id="19411405" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19411405" title="We Joined the Navy">
We Joined the Navy

We Joined the Navy is a 1962 British comedy film directed by Wendy Toye which stars Kenneth More, Lloyd Nolan, Joan O'Brien, Derek Fowlds, Graham Crowden, Esma Cannon and John Le Mesurier. It was based on the novel of the same name by John Winton, 
The film was shot on location in Vilenfranche, nears Cannes.

</doc>
<doc id="19411410" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19411410" title="Syed Mumtaz Alam Gillani">
Syed Mumtaz Alam Gillani

Syed Mumtaz Alam Gillani (also spelled "Gilani" and "Geelani") (born January 20, 1940) is a Pakistani lawyer and former federal minister of Human Rights, a new portfolio, the Ministry of Human Rights which was carved out of the ministry of law and justice. Gillani was voted into the National Assembly of Pakistan in March 2008. He was a member of the Standing Committees on Environment and Information and Broadcasting, however, these positions were revoked as a matter of procedure following his appointment to federal minister. He is a founding member and senior leader of the Pakistan Peoples Party. His brothers, Syed Imtiaz Alam Gilani, is Secretary General of the South Asia Free Media Association. and Syed Aijaz Alam Gilani
He entered politics when he first got elected to the local parliamentary assembly in the 1960s and he became a member of PPP at its founding in 1967. He has also campaigned for Fatima Jinnah, the sister of Muhammad Ali Jinnah, when she ran against Ayub Khan in the presidential elections of 1965. Gillani represents the 189th constituency, one of the four constituencies of the southern Punjab metropolis Bahawalnagar. Having run as an independent candidate, he joined the PPPP (Pakistan People's Party Parliamentarians) following the 2008 General Election. The first time Gillani met as an MNA (member of the National Assembly) was in the 1988–1990 assembly when he represented the 144th constituency. In the 2002 General Election Gillani, then representing the Pakistan Muslim League (QA), stood for election in the 189th district and lost to then PPPP candidate Mian Mumtaz Ahmed Matiana.
He has been president of the District Bar Association in Bahawalnagar. During his law practice he also became a judge of an appellate tribunal. In March 2006 Gillani addressed a rally in Bahawalnagar organized by the District Bar Association protesting the Muhammad cartoons that was first printed in the Danish newspaper "Jyllands-Posten".
A March 2009 disclosure of government minister finances published in Pakistan's "Daily Times" revealed Alam Gilani's net worth to be around USD 60,000. Another disclosure published by Geo TV in September 2010 revealed that 24 government ministers did not pay income tax. Syed Mumtaz Alam Gillani was not among them however, though the amount he had paid was a mere Rs 1,203, the lowest amount among the ministers who had paid taxes. The results were based on 2008 figures obtained from the Election Commission of Pakistan.
In June 2008 Gillani pleaded in the National Assembly for the Prime Minister to announce a special package so that clean drinking water could be provided to Bahawalnagar District citing a survey which indicated high rate of Hepatitis in District Bahawalnagar as compared to other districts of the country because of non-availability of clean drinking water in the area. Gillani also proposed that small farmers should be given interest-free loans to make the country self-sufficient in agriculture. In July Gillani announced that the Prime Minister on his request had promised to provide Rs. 120 million (about USD 1.5 million) to complete ongoing developmental projects in the District Bahawalnagar.
During riots across Punjab in protest against those people seen as responsible for Pakistan's electricity problems, rioters attempted to storm the house of Syed Mumtaz Alam Gillani on Sunday 17 June 2012 with police having to protect Gillani's house on Eidgah Road.
The Islamabad Marriott Hotel bombing.
The bombing of the Marriott Hotel in Islamabad on Saturday September 20, 2008 was followed the next day by an article in the Pakistani newspaper "The News International" written by journalist Ansar Abbasi in which an account is presented of Alam Gillani being present outside the Marriott several days preceding the attack, witnessing, and protesting, a serious security breach. The story was retold also in other publications based on the story in "The News". The story describes how Alam Gillani and two friends witnessed steel boxes being unloaded from a US Embassy truck by US Marines. The article by Abbasi does not reveal who the newspaper's source is for the events being described involving Alam Gillani. Among the several people who witnessed this incident was allegedly also PPP leader Sajjad Chaudhry. The article states that Alam Gilani was the only one who objected to and protested the apparent security breach that was taking place and that he was met with silence from the American marines. The hotel security staff also did not respond to Alam Gilani's protests as they passively watched what was taking place, not being allowed to go near the boxes by the US marines. On Monday, two days after the terrorist attack, Mumtaz Alam Gillani pronounced that the story presented by Abbasi in "The News" was a "pack of lies" and contrary to all professional ethics. He stated that on the night in question he was standing outside the Marriott making "conversation in a light mood with the reporter". In this version of the events which was printed in a short article in the "Associated Press of Pakistan" (APP) Gillani only tells of having relayed to the journalist that "Pakistan is a victim of terrorism". Alam Gillani also states that he has contacted Abbasi and demanded that the journalist contradict the article in "The News" "and tender unconditional apology as he tried to belittle my image as Member of the parliament in the eyes of people particularly of my constituency" and also that he would be issuing a legal notice and if necessary sue Abbasi and "The News" if after 10 days his demands were not met. In a reply in "The News" on Tuesday the 23rd, Ansar Abbasi denies having spoken with Mumtaz Alam Gillani, ever. Abbasi explains that the September 21 story "was based on the eyewitness account of a source, which narrated the whole episode of what many witnessed that night", and that it was this source who "quoted the PPP MNA objecting and protesting to the Marines’ activity." According to this source Alam gillani was shouting thus attracting the attention of several others. Abbasi also expressed his bemusement that the image presented of Alam Gillani in any way could be seen as belittling the MP. Abbasi also claimed that one of Alam Gillani's friends who was accompanying him during the alleged incident had confirmed the accuracy of the September 21 story in "The News". The September 23 article ends by stating "The News stands by the story."

</doc>
<doc id="19411413" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19411413" title="History of Wrocław">
History of Wrocław

Wrocław (, ) has long been the largest and culturally dominant city in Silesia, and is today the capital of Poland's Lower Silesian Voivodeship.
The history of Wrocław starts at a crossroads in Lower Silesia. It was one of the centres of the Duchy and then Kingdom of Poland, and briefly, in the first half of the 13th century, the centre of half of the divided Kingdom of Poland. German settlers arrived in increasing numbers after the 1241 Mongol invasion, and Wrocław eventually became part of the Kingdom of Bohemia. After the War of Austrian Succession, the city and region were added to Prussia, and later part of German empire. After World War II Wrocław and most of Silesia were transferred to Poland.
Origin.
The city of Wrocław originated as a Bohemian stronghold situated at the intersection of two long-existing trading routes, the Via Regia and the Amber Road. The city was first recorded in the 10th century as "Vratislavia", possibly derived from the name of the Bohemian duke Vratislav I who died in 921. At that time the city bore the name of "Vratislavia" and was limited to the district of Ostrów Tumski (the Cathedral Island).
Poland, Bohemia and Piast duchy.
In 990 Duke Mieszko I of Poland conquered Silesia and Wroclaw. In 1000 King Boleslaw I of Poland established the first bishopric of Silesia. The city quickly became a commercial centre and expanded rapidly to the neighbouring Wyspa Piaskowa (Sand Island), and then to the left bank of the Odra river. Hugo Weczerka writes that around 1000 the town had approximately 1000 inhabitants. and after an uprising in 1037/38 against the church and probably also against the new rulers the bishop and the representative of the Polish king were expelled. In 1038 Bohemia captured the city and owned her until 1054, when Poland regained control. Weczerka writes that between 1079 and 1102 Silesia and Wrocław became temporarily independent. and in 1163 it became the capital of the duchy of Silesia, which – according to Hugo Weczerka – slowly detached from Poland. By 1139 two more settlements were built. One belonged to Governor Piotr Włostowic (a.k.a. Piotr Włast Dunin, Piotr Włost or Peter Wlast; ca. 1080–1153) and was situated near his residence on the Olbina by the St. Vincent's Benedictine Abbey. The other settlement was founded on the left bank of the Oder River, near the present seat of the university. It was located on the Via Regia that lead from Leipzig and Legnica) and followed through Opole, and Kraków to Kievan Rus'.
Polish, Bohemian, Jewish, Walloons and German communities existed in the city.
In the first half of the 13th century Silesian duke Henry I the Bearded, managed to reunite much of the divided Polish kingdom. He became the duke of Kraków (Polonia Minor) in 1232, which gave him the title of the senior duke of Poland (see Testament of Bolesław III Krzywousty). Henry tried to achieve the Polish crown but he didn't manage to succeed. His activity in this field was continued by his son and successor Henry II the Pious whose work towards this goal was halted by his sudden death in the 1241 (Battle of Legnica). Polish territories acquired by the Silesian dukes in this period are called "The monarchy of the Silesian Henries". Wrocław was the centre of the divided Kingdom of Poland.
The city was devastated in 1241 during the Mongol invasion of Europe. The inhabitants burned down their own city in order to force the Mongols to a quick withdrawal. The invasion, according to Norman Davies, led German historiography to portray the Mongol attack as an event which eradicated the Polish community. However, in light of historical research this is doubtful, as many Polish settlements remained, even in 14th century, especially at the right bank of the Oder and Polish names such as Baran or Cebula appear including among Wrocław's ruling elite.
Georg Thum, Maciej Lagiewski, Halina Okolska and Piotr Oszczanowski write that the decimated population was replenished by many Germans. A different thesis is presented by Norman Davies who writes that it is wrong to portray people of that time as "Germans" as their identities were those of Saxons and Bavarians, while historian Norbert Conrads argues that a Polish identity didn't exist either, a view shared by Czech author František R. Kraus. While Germanisation started, Norman Davies writes that "Vretslav was a multi-ethnic city in the Middle Ages. Its ethnic composition moved in an endless state of flux, changing with each political and cultural ebb and flow tow which it was exposed". Breslau, the German name of the city, appeared for the first time in written records, and the city council from the beginning used only the Latin and German.
The new and rebuilt town adopted Magdeburg rights in 1262 and, at the end of the 13th century joined the Hanseatic League. The expanded town was around 60 hectares in size and the new Main Market Square (Rynek), which was covered with timber framed houses, became the new centre of the town. The original foundation, Ostrów Tumski, was now the religious centre. With the ongoing Ostsiedlung the Polish Piast dynasty dukes remained in control of the region, however their influence declined continuously as the self-administration rights of the city council increased. German historian Norbert Conrads writes that they adopted the German language and culture and became Germanized in the 13th century. Norman Davies writes that German historiography has tried to present the Silesian branch of Polish Piasts as subjects of early Germanization who wished to enter Holy Roman Empire, but that this theory is inaccurate. Wrotzila – despite the beginnings of Germanization – remained in close union with Polish church, and local Piasts remained active in Polish politics, while Polish language was still used at the court in 13th century
In 1289–1292 the Přemyslid King of Bohemia, Wenceslaus II, became Duke of Silesia, then also King of Poland. After the death of Wenceslaus III, king of Bohemia and Poland, the right to the Polish crown was disputed, being claimed by various Piast dukes as well as the successors of Wenceslaus III on the Bohemian throne. In 1327 John of Bohemia invaded Poland in order to gain the Polish crown. After the intervention of King Charles I of Hungary he left Polonia Minor, but on his way back he enforced his supremacy over the Upper Silesian Piasts.
In 1329 Władysław I the Elbow-high engaged himself in a war with the Teutonic Order. The Order was supported by John of Bohemia who managed to enforce his supremacy over the dukes of Masovia and Lower Silesia with Wrocław.
In 1335 John of Bohemia renounced his claim to the title of king of Poland in favour of Casimir the Great, who in return renounced his rights to the whole Silesia province with Wrocław as its capital. This was formalized in the treaties of Trenčín and Visegrád, ratified in 1339. The issue was closed only in 1372; and while the city lost political ties to Polish state, it remained connected to Poland by religious links and existence of Polish population within it. Despite the treaties of Trenčín and Visegrád Polish chronicler Jan Długosz described the Bohemian rule over Wrocław as unlawful and expressed hope that it would eventually return to Poland
During much of the Middle Ages Wrocław was ruled by its dukes of the Silesian Piast dynasty. Although the city was not part of the Duchy's principality, its bishop was known as the prince-bishop ever since Bishop Preczlaus of Pogarell (1341–1376) bought the Duchy of Grodków (Grottkau) from Duke Boleslaw of Brzeg (Brieg) and added it to the episcopal territory of Nysa (Neisse), after which the Bishops of Wrocław had the titles of Prince of Neisse and Dukes of Grottkau, taking precedence over the other Silesian rulers.
Bohemia.
In 1335, the city was incorporated with almost the entirety of Silesia into the Kingdom of Bohemia, and a "Landeshauptmann" (Provincial governor) was appointed to administrate the country. Between 1342 and 1344 two fires destroyed large parts of the city. Four years later Casimir III of Poland renounced all dynastic rights in Silesia in the treaty of Namslau/Namysłów and Charles IV, king of Bohemia and Holy Roman Emperor, visited the town. His successors Wenceslaus and Sigismund became involved in a long lasting feud with the city and its magistrate, culminating in the revolt of the guilds in 1418 when local craftsmen killed seven councillors. In a tribunal two years later, when Sigismund was in town, 27 ringleaders were executed. He also called up for a Reichstag in the same year, which discussed the earlier happenings in the city.
When George of Poděbrady became king of Bohemia the city opposed the Hussite and instead sided with his Catholic rival Matthias Corvinus. After Breslau fought alongside Corvinus against Bohemia in 1466 the Silesian classes rendered homage to the king on 31 May 1469 in the city, where the king also met the daughter of mayor Krebs, Barbara, which he took as his mistress. In 1474 Matthias Corvinus incorporated Breslau and Silesia in his dominion, which returned to Bohemia when he died. 1475 marks the beginning of movable type printing in the city, when Kasper Elyan opened his printing shop. The first illustration of the city was published in the "Nuremberg Chronicle" in 1493. Documents of that time referred to the town by many variants of the name including "Wratislaw", "Bresslau" and "Presslau".
Habsburg Monarchy.
The ideas of the Protestant Reformation reached Breslau already in 1518, and in 1519 the writings of Luther, Eck and the opening of the Leipzig Disputation by Mosellanus were published by local printer Adam Dyon. In 1523 the town council unanimously, appointed Johann Heß as the new pastor of St. Maria Magdalena and thus introduced the Reformation in Breslau. In 1524 the town council issued a decree that obliged all clerics to the Protestant sermon and in 1525 by another decree banned a number of Catholic customs. Breslau had become dominated by Protestants although a Catholic minority remained. Norman Davies states that as a city it was located on the borderline between Polish and German parts of Silesia, writing that "Vretslav lay astride the dividing line";it also hosted a large Czech community.
After the death of Louis II in the Battle of Mohács in 1526, the Habsburg Monarchy of Austria inherited Bohemia, Silesia and the city of Breslau. In 1530 Ferdinand I awarded Breslau its current coat of arms. On 11 October 1609 German emperor Rudolf II granted the Letter of Majesty, which ensured free exercise of church services for all Bohemian and Silesian Protestants. After the election of the staunch Catholic Ferdinand II as king of Bohemia Breslau supported the Bohemian revolt as it feared the rights granted in the letter of majesty would be revoked. In the following Thirty Years' War the city suffered badly, was occupied by Saxon and Swedish troops and lost 18,000 of its 40,000 residents to plague.
The Counter-Reformation had started with Rudolf II and Martin Gerstmann, bishop of Breslau. One of his successors, bishop Charles of Austria, did not accept the letter of majesty on his territory. At the same time the emperor encouraged several Catholic orders to settle in Breslau. The Minorites came back in 1610, the Jesuits arrived in 1638, the Capuchins in 1669, the Franciscans in 1684 and the Ursulines in 1687. These orders undertook an unequaled amount of construction which shaped the appearance of the city until 1945. The Jesuits were the main representatives of the Counter-Reformation in Breslau and Silesia. Much more feared were the Liechtensteiner dragoons, which converted people by force and expelled those who refused. At the end of the Thirty Years' War, Breslau was only one of a few Silesian cities which stayed Protestant, and after the Treaty of Altranstädt of 1707 four churches were given back to the local Protestants.
During the Counter-Reformation the intellectual life of the city, which was shaped by Protestantism and Humanism, flourished, as the Protestant bourgeoisie of the city lost its role as the patron of the arts to the Catholic orders. Breslau and Silesia, which possessed 6 of the 12 leading grammar schools in Holy Roman Empire, became the centre of German Baroque literature. Poets such as Martin Opitz, Andreas Gryphius, Christian Hoffmann von Hoffmannswaldau, Daniel Casper von Lohenstein and Angelus Silesius formed the so-called First and Second Silesian school of poets which shaped the German literature of that time.
The dominance of German population under the Habsburg rule in the city became more visible, while the Polish population diminished in numbers, although it did not disappear. Only a few families from upper and middle classes celebrated their Polish roots, despite having Polish ancestors, and while Polish population was reinforced by migrants and merchants, many of them became Germanized. Nevertheless Poles continued to exist in the city, mostly living on the right bank of Oder river also known as "Polish side". The Polish community was led by such priests as Stanislaw Bzowski or Michał Kusz, who fought for continued existence of Polish schools in the city, and addressed their flock in Polish;Latin masses were interspersed with hymns and prayers in Polish language
In 1702 the Jesuit academy was founded by Leopold I and named after himself, the Leopoldine Academy.
Prussia.
During the War of the Austrian Succession in the 1740s, most of Silesia was annexed by the Kingdom of Prussia. Prussia's claims were derived from the agreement, rejected by the Habsburgs, between the Silesian Piast rulers of the duchy and the Hohenzollerns who secured the Prussian succession after the extinction of the Piasts. The Protestant citizenry didn't fight against the armies of Protestant Prussia and Frederick II of Prussia captured the city without a struggle in January 1741. In November 1741 the Silesian classes rendered homage to Frederick. In the following years Prussian armies often stayed in the city during the winter month. After three wars Empress Maria Theresa renounced Silesia and Breslau in the Treaty of Hubertusburg in 1763.
The Protestants of the city could now express their faith without limitation, and the new Prussian authorities also allowed the establishment of a Jewish community.
After the demise of the Holy Roman Empire in 1806, Breslau was occupied by an army of the Confederation of the Rhine between 6 December 1806 to 7 January 1807. The Continental System disrupted trade almost completely. The fortifications of the city were levelled and almost every monastery and cloister secularized. The Protestant Viadrina university of Frankfurt (Oder) was relocated to Breslau in 1811, united with the local Catholic university of the Jesuits and formed the new Schlesische Friedrich-Wilhelm-Universität (Wrocław University).
In 1813 King Frederick William III of Prussia gave a speech in Breslau signalling Prussia's intent to join the Russian Empire against Napoleon during the Napoleonic Wars. He also donated the Iron Cross and issued the proclamation "An mein Volk" (to my people), summoning the Prussian people to war against the French. The city became the centre of the Liberation movement against Napoleon Bonaparte as volunteers from all over Germany gathered in Breslau, among them Theodor Körner, Friedrich Ludwig Jahn and Ludwig Adolf Wilhelm von Lützow, who set up his Lützow Free Corps in the city.
The Prussian reforms of Stein and Hardenberg led to a sustainable increase in prosperity in Silesia and Breslau. Due to the levelled fortifications the city could grow beyond her old borders. Breslau became an important railway hub and a major industrial centre, notably of linen and cotton manufacture and metal industry. Thanks to the unification of the Viadrina and Jesuit university the city also became the biggest Prussian centre of sciences after Berlin, and the secularization laid the base for a rich museum landscape. In 1836 the Slavonic Literary Society was founded in the city by Czech scholar Jan Evangelista Purkyně with the assistance of Polish scholars Władysław Nehring and Wojciech Cybulski, its aim was to develop studies on Slavic languages and cultures; the Prussian authorities disbanded it in 1886
On 15 January 1841 the Chair of Slavistics was formed in the city, and headed by Professor František Čelakovský, it was first institution of this kind in Germany
In 1854 the Jewish Theological Seminary was created, one of the first modern rabbi seminars in Europe. Its first director, Zecharias Frankel, was the principal founder of conservative Judaism.
German Empire.
Breslau became part of the German Empire in 1871, which was established at Versailles in defeated France. The early years were characterized by rapid economic growth, the so-called Gründerzeit, although Breslau was hampered by protectionist policies of its natural markets in Austria-Hungary and Russia and had to turn to the German domestic market. Breslau's population grew from 208,000 in 1871 to 512,000 in 1910, yet the city was pushed down from being the third- to the seventh- biggest city of Germany. Among the population were the Polish and Jewish minorities.
The city spread out and incorporated outlying villages, like Kleinburg (Dworek) and Pöpelwitz (Popowice) in 1896, Herdain (Gaj) and Morgentau (Rakowiec) in 1904 and Gräbschen (Grabiszyn) in 1911. With the regulation of the Oder (Odra) modern garden suburbs like Leerbeutel (Zalesie) and Karlowitz (Karlowice) were built.
The official German census of 1905 listed 470,904 residents, thereof 20,536 Jews, 6,020 Poles and 3,752 others. Polish historians point to distortion of that number by German officials, and speak of several thousand more, or even 20,000 Poles living in it. Estimates however are difficult, since foreign residents were registered by citizenship rather than by nationality. Most of suburbs on right bank of Oder were Polish-speaking communities according to a source from 1874, and many photographs from this period indicate widespread use of Polish names;.
As a frontier city on the edge of the Slavonic world Breslau was more assertively German than other cities of the empire, and Breslau was less friendly to Poles, Czechs or unassimilated Jews than, for example, Berlin was. During his one year tenure as rector of the university Felix Dahn for instance banned all Polish student associations.
Woodworking, brewing, textiles and agriculture, Breslau's traditional industries, flourished, and service and manufacturing sectors were established, which benefited from the nearby heavy industry of Upper Silesia. Linke-Hofmann, specialized in locomotives, became one of the city's largest employers and one of Europe biggest manufacturers of railway carriages. By the end of the 19th century Breslau threatened to eclipse Berlin, capital of Prussia and the German Empire, as the financial centre of the country. The retail sector flourished too, represented by modern stores of Barasch, Molinari, Wertheim or Petersdorff. At the end of the German Empire Breslau had become the economic, cultural and administrative centre of Eastern Germany.
While Breslau itself was mostly Protestant the city also housed the Roman Catholic Diocese of Breslau, the second-largest diocese in the world, and thus became entangled in Bismarcks Kulturkampf. According to Norman Davies the city had a population divided among 63% Protestants, 32% Catholics and 5% Jews. At the time of German Empire Although open conflict between Breslau's Protestant majority and Catholics was avoided, public resentment was notable, most notably in the affairs of the numerous student corporations. Meanwhile Breslau became the focus of the Old Lutheran Church. In 1883 the Old Lutheran Theological Seminar was opened, which attracted numerous scholars, among them Rudolf Rocholl. By 1905 the community already had 75 pastors and 52,000 members.
The German Jewry of Breslau formed the "Einheitsgemeinde" (united community) of Orthodox and Reform Jews und thus narrowed the gap between both schools. In 1872 Reformed Rabbi Joel and his Orthodox counterpart Gedaliah Tiktin jointly consecrated Breslau's New Synagogue. From 14,000 in 1871 the Jewish community grew to 20,000 in 1910, thus becoming the third-largest in Germany. Breslau's confident, vibrant and assimilated community, with countless social, charitable, cultural and educational organisations, became a model for others. The first Jewish students' fraternity in the German Empire, the Viadrina, was created in 1886 in Breslau. Polish student organisations included Concordia, Polonia, and a branch of the Sokol association.
While most of Silesia's greats of the 19th century, such as Gustav Freytag, Adolph Menzel or Willibald Alexis, had to leave Silesia to get recognized, the cultural exodus was stopped by the 1890s. In a few decades Breslau was turned into a cultural centre of international notability. The old Art Academy moved into a bigger home and attracted artists like painter Max Wislicenus, sculptor Theodor von Gosen and future Nobel prize winner Gerhard Hauptmann. The architectural section of the academy rose to prominence unter the directorship of Hans Poelzig, who contributed greatly, along with Max Berg, to the Neues Bauen movement, and Breslau gained fame as a centre of modernist architecture.
Performing arts in the city received a notable boost too. In 1861 the Orchestral Society ("Orchesterverein") was founded, which achieved a good reputation in the 1880 when Max Bruch was conductor of the orchestra, and later the Polish musician Rafał Ludwik Maszkowski, who conducted the orchestra till his death in 1901; he along with other Polish artists like Wanda Landowska, Józef Śliwiński, Bronisław Huberman and Władysław Żeleński performed Polish-themed plays as part of the repertoire of the Orchesterverein. The Opera house ("Stadttheater"), which was reopened in 1871 after two fires, attracted artists like Leo Slezak and Wilhelm Furtwängler. Johannes Brahms paid tribute to the city when he composed the "Akademische Festovertüre, Op. 80" upon receiving an honorary doctorate in 1879.
Modern science flourished in the city, with a wide array of achievements in almost every department. During the German Empire Breslau's scientists received four Nobel Prizes (plus two in literature). Above all, medical sciences were the flagship of academic research, where Breslau not only presented new theories but also new disciplines. Ferdinand Cohn, the director of the Institute of Plant Physiology, is considered a pioneer of bacteriology, while Albert Neisser, director of the Dermatology clinic, discovered gonorrhoea, and Alois Alzheimer, professor at the university, discovered the Alzheimer disease.
In the 1890s Breslau developed into a centre of Social Democracy in Germany. With one exception at least one member of the Silesian SPD was sent to the Reichstag in Berlin, among them several prominent socialists like Eduard Bernstein, the former secretary of Friedrich Engels.
With the outbreak of World War I, Breslau's VI. Army Corps was sent to the western front to form the pivot of the Schlieffen plan, while the 1st "Leibkürassiere" saw action at the battle of the Marne before they were moved to the Eastern Front. The end of Germany's western offensive and the absence of the VI. Army Corps left Silesia and Breslau dangerously exposed. In 1914/15 the Russian army stopped only 80 km to the east of Breslau, which led to the evacuation of children and the erection of barbed-wire defenses. The Silesian Landwehr under General Remus von Woyrsch was rapidly deployed to face the Russian army, but German victories at the Masurian lakes and Gorlice soon eliminated this threat.
Population in the city suffered badly during the war. Food was rationed, and prices for potatoes or eggs skyrocketed by more than 200%, resulting in food riots. The "turnip winter" of 1916/17 left many on the verge of starvation. Food-hoarding was decreed with capital punishment in the city. After four years of war Breslau's trade had fallen by 66 per cent. More than 8,000 people died of tuberculosis, and the population dropped from 540,000 to 472,000.
The end of WWI was followed by civil unrest and revolution in Germany. The garrison in Breslau mutinied in November, liberated convicts from jail, among them Rosa Luxemburg, looted shops and seized the offices of the "Schlesische Zeitung", Breslau's biggest newspaper. When emperor Wilhelm II left the country the German Empire dissolved.
Weimar Republic.
The end of the German Empire led to anarchy all over Germany. In Breslau however the imperial authorities were deposed without larger tumults. While, among others, Lord Mayor Paul Mattig and Archbishop Bertram called for a continuance of public duty and order General Pfeil of the VI Army Corps released all political prisoners, ordered his soldiers to leave the barracks and, as his last military order, allowed a demonstration of the Social Democrats in the "Jahrhunderthalle". One day later soldiers councils in the army and the Committee of Public Savety were formed. On the same day a "Volksrat" (peoples council) of Social Democrats, Liberals, the Catholic Centre Party and trade unions was founded, led by Social Democrat Paul Löbe. As relations between the Volksrat and his opponents were mostly consensual the "revolution" in Breslau was peaceful.
Despite the largely peaceful transition Breslau faced several challenges which radicalized the political landscape of the city. Social conditions got worse as 170,000 soldiers and displaced persons were expected to return, with only 47,000 available quarters. The prospect of a Communist government was a major fear. The loss of nearby Posnania to a newly created Poland, the prospect of further losses in Upper Silesia and the transformation of neighbouring Bohemia into a hostile new state called Czechoslovakia spread anxiety among people, who saw their city turn into an advance post of Germany.
The number of Poles in the city dropped from an already low 4–5.000 to 0.5 percent 20 years later.
Riots of the Spartacists in February resulted in the death of five protesters and injured nineteen. A month later the Freikorps revolted, but only in Silesia did the Kapp Putsch receive a solid backing. The commander of the military district supported the coup d'état and four Freikorps peacefully took over large parts of the city. The governor of Silesia, Breslau's Chief of Police and the SPD President of Breslau were immediately purged. Kapp's government, however, collapsed after a week and the Freikorps in Breslau withdrew, killing 18 people and wounding countless others. Anti-Semitic propaganda, moreover, culminated in the murder of Bernhard Schottländer, the Jewish editor of the "Schlesische Arbeiter-Zeitung". Jewish stores and hotels were attacked by mobs in the city.
After First World War the Polish community starting having masses in Polish in Churches of Saint Ann and since 1921 in St. Martin Church; Polish consulate was opened on the Main Square, additionally a Polish School was formed by Helena Adamczewska.
Soon after tensions around the Upper Silesian plebiscite sparked violence in Breslau, where widespread rioting was mostly directed against the Inter-Allied Plebiscite Commission, especially the French, but also the Polish. The buildings of Polish consulate and school were demolished and Polish library was burned along with several thousand volumes Problems culminated however in 1923. Hyperinflation ruined many people, and strikes and walk-outs swept all over Germany. 50 large shops in the commercial centre were looted in the city when, partly anti-Semitic, riots broke out on 22 July, and six looters were killed.
In 1919, Breslau became the capital of the newly created Province of Lower Silesia, its first head of government (German: Oberpräsident) was social democrat Felix Philipp. The Social democrats also won the Lower Silesian elections of 1921 with 51.19%, followed by the Catholic centre with 20.2%, DVP 11.9%, DDP 9.5% and the Communists with 3.6%.
The mid-1920s brought political stability, mostly due to the leadership of Gustav Stresemann. In 1 Election result in Lower Silesia and Breslau showed a solid Socialist majority in 1924 and 1928. In 1925 the Silesian NSDAP was founded, the party however garnered only 1 per cent of the votes in 1928, well below the national average of 2,8 per cent.
After the incorporation of 54 communes between 1925 and 1930 the city expanded to 175 km² and housed 600,000 people. Between 26. and 29. of June 1930 it hosted the "Deutsche Kampfspiele", a sporting event for German athletes after Germany was excluded from the Olympic Games after World War I.
These peaceful period ended with the Wall Street Crash and the following collapse of the German economy. Unemployment rose from 1.3 million in September 1929 to 6 million (1/3 of the working population) in 1933; in Breslau from 6,672 persons in 1925 to 23,978 in 1929, the worst figures in Germany after Chemnitz. The number of families living on welfare support was more than twice as high as in Leipzig or Dresden. Public faith in democratic institution faded and anti-democratic parties – Communists and Nazis – gained support. The battles of both were played out all over Germany, also in Breslau. In June 1931 the annual rally of the Stahlhelm, marked by violent rhetoric and clashes, took place in the city. The violence in the city spiralled in the summer of 1932. On 23 June a column of SA men was attacked by Communists, with eleven seriously injured, followed by a killed Socialist three days later. On 6 August grenades were thrown during battles between Nazis and Communists. In July 1932 Hitler spoke in Breslau, attracting 16,000 listeners. In the following elections his party received 43% of the Breslau vote, the third-highest result in Germany. On 30 January 1933 he was appointed Chancellor of Germany.
Despite all turbulences the cultural scene in the Weimar Republic and in Breslau flourished. The reorganized Academy of Arts reached its creative height under the directorship of Oskar Moll and can be considered a predecessor of the first Bauhaus. Many Bauhaus artists, among them Oskar Schlemmer and Georg Muche, taught in Breslau, while several lecturers and students of the academy became leading protagonists of the main artistic trends in the Weimar Republic, like Alexander Kanoldt, who was co-founder of the "Munich New Secession" and became one of the stars of the Neue Sachlichkeit, or Hans Scharoun, an important exponent of Organic architecture. In 1929 the Werkbund opened "WuWa" () in Breslau-Scheitnig, an international showcase of modern architecture by architects of the Silesian branch of the Werkbund.
During the inter-war years the city was also the centre of Polish national movement radiating towards other groups of Poles in Lower Silesia; it focused Polish cultural life and organisational efforts.
Nazi period and World War II.
The city became one of the largest support bases of NSDAP movement, and in 1932 elections the Nazi party received in it 43.5% of votes, achieving the third biggest victory in Weimar Germany
In 1933 the Gestapo began actions against Polish and Jewish students in the city who were issued special segregationist ID documents like those of Communists, Social Democrats, trade unionists, and other people deemed threats to the state. People were arrested and beaten for using Polish in public. In 1938 the Polish cultural centre (the Polish House) in Breslau was destroyed by the police, New Synagogue was destroyed 1938, and many of the city's 10,000 Jews were deported to pre-war concentration camps; those who remained were killed during the Nazi genocide of World War II.
The coat of arms in Breslau was changed by Nazis in 1938, as it contained letter "W" considered by them to be "too Slavic" Additionally 88 locations in the city received new German names as part of campaign of Germanization
Most of the Polish elites also left during the 1920s and 1930s while Polish leaders who remained were sent to concentration camps. During the war, 363 Czech and 293 Polish prisoners, as well as resistance members from Western Europe, were executed by guillotine in the city's prison. In total, the German regime killed 896 people in this way. In 1941 the remaining pre-war Polish minority in the city, as well as Polish slave labourers organised resistance group called Olimp.
In 1942 additional Polish resistance groups were reported to be in existence in the city, "Jaszczurka", Siła Zbrojna Polski and Polska Organizacja Polityczna
In addition, a network of concentration camps and forced labour camps, or Arbeitslager, was established in the district around Breslau, to serve the city's growing industrial concerns, including FAMO, Junkers and Krupp. The total number of prisoners held at such camps exceeded many tens of thousands. Official Nazi estimates reported 43,950 forced labourers in 1943 and 51,548 in 1944, most of them being Poles. At the end of 1944 between 30,000 and 60,000 captured Poles were sent to Breslau after the defeat of Warsaw Uprising
Throughout most of World War II Breslau was not close to the fighting. The city became haven for refugees, swelling in population to nearly one million. Polish resistance from the group Zagra-Lin successfully attacked a Nazi Germany's troop transport on the main railway station in the city on 23 April 1943, and a commemorative plate honouring their actions was placed after Nazi Germany was defeated in 1945.
In February 1945 the Soviet Red Army approached the city. Gauleiter Karl Hanke declared the city a "Festung" (fortress), i.e. a stronghold to be held at all costs. Concentration camp prisoners were forced to help build new fortifications (see Arbeitseinsatz). In one area, the workers were ordered to construct a military airfield intended for use in resupplying the fortress, while the entire residential district along the Kaiserstraße (now Plac Grunwaldzki) was razed. The authorities threatened to shoot anyone who refused to do their assigned labour. Eyewitnesses estimated that some 13,000 died under enemy fire on the airfield alone. In the end, one of the few planes that ever used it was that of the fleeing Gauleiter Hanke.
Hanke finally lifted a ban on the evacuation of women and children, when it was almost too late. During his poorly organised evacuation in January and February 1945, around 18,000 people froze to death, mostly children and babies, in icy snowstorms and −20 °C weather. Some 200,000 civilians, less than a third of the pre-war population, remained in the city, because the railway connections to the west were damaged or overloaded.
By the end of the Siege of Breslau, 50% of the old town, 90% of the western and southern and 10–30% of the northern and northeastern quarters of the city had been destroyed. 40,000 inhabitants, including forced labourers, lay dead in the ruins of homes and factories. After a siege of nearly three months, "Fortress Breslau" surrendered on 7 May 1945. It was one of the last major cities in Germany to fall.
Poland.
People's Republic of Poland.
Along with almost all of Lower Silesia, post-war Wrocław became part of Poland under the terms of the Potsdam Conference. It became the biggest city of the so-called Recovered Territories. On 24 May 1945 the surviving members of Polish pre-war minority from the Nazi German genocide in Wrocław were met by Polish authorities. Bolesław Drobner, the city's newly appointed mayor, welcomed them in ""Free Poland"" and urged pre-war Poles from Wrocław to stay in the city, expressing his view that the Polish state needs people like them to awake to life after the war;many of the addressed heeded this call, and pre-war Poles became active members of Wrocław's political and cultural life, forming an association called "Klub Ludzi ze znakiem P"("People with the P sign"), remembering those Poles who perished under Nazi German rule in the city.
Franciszek Juszczak, a long time leader of the Polish community in Wrocław before World War II and resistance member, was nominated by Drobner to the position of vice-president of the Lower Silesian Chamber of Crafts In close cooperation with authorities he formed Związek Polaków Byłych Obywateli Niemieckich(Union of Poles Former German Citizens). The pre-war Polish minority, though officially regarded as heroes, was subject of a "verification process" to determine their Polishness, in a procedure described as an "experience of some unpleasantness". According to German historian Gregor Thum in 1949 2,769 or about 1 percent of the city's population were pre-war inhabitants of the city, 1,029 of them able to speak Polish fluently.
In the summer of 1945 the city had a predominately German population who were expelled to one of the two post-war German states between 1945 and 1949. However, as was the case with other Lower Silesian cities, a considerable German presence remained in Wrocław until the late 1950s; the city's last German school closed in 1963. The population of Wrocław was soon increased by resettlement of Poles forming part of postwar repatriation of Poles (1944–1946) (75%) as well as the forced deportations from Polish lands annexed by the Soviet Union in the east (25%) including from cities such as Lwów (now Lviv, Ukraine), Stanisławów (now Ivano-Frankivsk, Ukraine), Wilno (now Vilnius, Lithuania), and Grodno (now Hrodna, Belarus).
After the destruction during the Siege of Breslau the city was further destroyed by vandalism, fire, and the raising and dismantling of factories, and material assets by the Soviet Union. The economic potential of the city was decreased to 40% of the prewar situation.
Wroclaw was further weakened by the so-called "Szaber", which transferred goods to Central Poland, and the campaign “bricks for Warsaw” by the Polish government ten years later, which provided reconstruction material for the levelled Old Town of the Polish capital. This loss of historic structures was irreversible and the consequences are still visible today.
The rebuilding of the town was characterized by a mix of polonization and degermanization, which led to reconstruction and destruction. Gothic architecture was painstakingly restored, while testimonies of later eras were often neglected or destroyed. The process of degermanization also included the removal and destruction of almost all German non-religious monuments, and the elimination of inscriptions, even centuries-old on epitaphs and in churches. Between 1970 and 1972 all non-Jewish German cemeteries were destroyed.
Tower blocks were massively constructed both in the city and around it, e.g. Kozanów housing estate.
After the fall of communism.
In July 1997, the city was heavily affected by a flood of the Oder River, the worst flooding in post-war Poland, Germany, and the Czech Republic. Around one third of the city's area stood under water. An earlier equally devastating flood of the river took place in 1903.
After the flood big areas of the city were renovated, including Main Market Square with the Town Hall and the Wrocław Palace.

</doc>
<doc id="19411430" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19411430" title="100 stepeni">
100 stepeni

100 stepeni () is the second studio album of Montenegrin singer Dado Polumenta. This album marked the end of Polumenta's five-year hiatus in the music industry, as well the beginning of his ever-growing popularity. Only one single, however, was produced from this album, entitled "Ana Marija", which is a song dedicated to his then-girlfriend Slovenian model Ana Marija Kikoš.
Track listing.
The album contains eleven songs. 

</doc>
<doc id="19411457" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19411457" title="Calderdale Council election, 2002">
Calderdale Council election, 2002

Elections to Calderdale Council were held on 2 May 2002. One third of the council was up for election and the Conservative party lost overall control of the council to no overall control. The total turnout of the election was 32.16% (47,091 voters of an electorate of 146,407). The winning candidate in each ward is highlighted in bold.
After the election, the composition of the council was

</doc>
<doc id="19411466" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19411466" title="2007 UAB Blazers football team">
2007 UAB Blazers football team

The 2007 UAB Blazers football team represented the University of Alabama at Birmingham (UAB) in the college football season of 2007, and was the seventeenth team fielded by the school. The Blazers' head coach was Neil Callaway, who entered his first season as UAB's head coach. They played their home games at Legion Field in Birmingham, Alabama, and competed as a member of Conference USA. The Blazers finished their twelfth season at the I-A level, and ninth affiliated with a conference with a record of 2–10 (1–7 C-USA). 
Game Summaries.
Michigan State.
In the first game of the Neil Callaway era, the Blazers would make their first-ever trip to the state of Michigan in this 55-18 defeat by the Spartans. The Blazers would fall behind 42-0 before Swayze Waters hit a 35-yard field goal before the half. After a safety early in the third, Waters would hit a pair of long field goals (50 and 47 yards) and score the seasons' first touchdown on a 15-yard Joseph Webb reception from Sam Hunt in the fourth. For the game, the Blazers were outgained on offense 593 to 226 total yards. 
Florida State.
On the road, the Blazers would take a 17-10 lead at the half only to give up 21 points in the third in this 34-24 fefeat to the Seminoles. UAB would take the early lead on a 27-yard Swayze Waters field goal, and extend it to 10-0 on FSU's ensuing possession with Will Dunbar returning an interception 21-yards for the score. In the second, Sam Hunt would score on a 4-yard run to extend the lead to 17-3, before the Seminoles responded with a touchdown of their own in narrowing the lead to 17-10 at the half. Florida State would open the third with a pair of touchdowns to take a 24-17 lead, before UAB responded with a 16-yard Joseph Webb touchdown reception from Sam Hunt to knot the game at 24. However, the Seminoles would close the game with 10 unanswered points to seal the 34-24 win. 
Alcorn State.
The first win of the Callaway era would come in the seasons first home game with a 22-0 victory over the FCS Braves of Alcorn State. Swayze Waters would star in hitting 5 field goals from 42, 32, 52, 22 and 38 yards respectively. The Blazers would visit the end zone only once on a 4-yard David Sigler touchdown reception from Sam Hunt in the second quarter. For the game, Waters set a team record for most field goals in a game, tied the team record for longest Blazer field goal (52 yards) and tied the conference record for most field goals in a game.

</doc>
<doc id="19411487" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19411487" title="A1 road (Latvia)">
A1 road (Latvia)

The A1 is a national road in Latvia connecting Riga to Ainaži. The road is part of European route E67 and Latvian TEN-T road network. Ainaži is Latvian border city with Estonia, after Ainaži the road then crosses the border and turns into Estonian National Road 4. A1 was almost completely reconstructed from 2003 till 2007. Saulkrasti bypass was also built, prior to 2007 all A1 traffic ran through the 17 kilometer long coast city. Road was completely reconstructed from Riga to Salacgrīva, the 80 kilometer long stretch was also widened, with wider shoulders. The official speed limit of A1 is 100 km/h in summer and 90 km/h in winter. A1 is part of Via Baltica, which runs from Estonia to Poland. The average AADT on A1 in 2013 was 8557 cars per day.

</doc>
<doc id="19411502" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19411502" title="Forebyggende Krig">
Forebyggende Krig

Forebyggende Krig is a 7" single released by Darkthrone in 2006. It is limited to 2000 copies and was initially available online exclusively.
It contains a cover of the song, "Bad Attitude", by the punk band, Testors.

</doc>
<doc id="19411518" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19411518" title="List of Cash Box Top 100 number-one singles of 1985">
List of Cash Box Top 100 number-one singles of 1985

These are the singles that reached number one on the Top 100 Singles chart in 1985 as published by "Cashbox" magazine.

</doc>
<doc id="19411523" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19411523" title="List of flexible-fuel vehicles by car manufacturer">
List of flexible-fuel vehicles by car manufacturer

This is a list of flexible-fuel vehicles by car manufacturer in alphabetical order:
Audi.
Audi offers the following FFV (E85) models (at least in Sweden, Benelux, France, Germany and Switzerland ):
Citroën.
Citroën offers the following FFV (E85) models (at least in Sweden, Benelux, France and Switzerland):
Dacia.
Dacia offers the following E85 models (at least in Sweden):
Ford, GM, & Chrysler.
Ford, GM, and Chrysler offer the following vehicles in the US that use E85 (different models are available outside the US, depending on the country).
Many 1995–98 Taurus 3.0L Sedans are also FFVs
Note: * denotes fleet purchase only
Ford Europe.
Ford Europe offers the following FFV (E85) models (at least in Sweden, Benelux, France, Germany, Switzerland, Spain, and Finland):
Ford Brazil.
Ford do Brasil offers the following vehicles in the Brazilian market under the label "Flex". These vehicles, are capable of running on any blend from E20-E25 to E100
Fiat.
Fiat offers the following vehicles in the Brazilian market under the label "Flex". These vehicles, including the motorcycle, are capable of running on any blend from E20-E25 to E100
Honda.
Honda offers the following vehicles in the Brazilian market under the label "Flex". These vehicles, including the motorcycle, are capable of running on any blend from E20-E25 to E100.
See also Honda's Brazilian flex-fuel vehicles.
Hyundai.
Hyundai offers the following vehicles in the Brazilian market:
Kia Motors.
Kia Motors offers the following vehicle in the Brazilian market.
Mercedes Benz.
Mercedes Benz offers the following vehicles in the North American market that use E85: 
Mitsubishi.
In the Thai market are produced and sold the following models capable of running on any blend between E20 to E85:
Nissan.
Nissan offers the following vehicles in the Brazilian market under the label "Flex" because they are capable of running on any blend from E20-E25 to E100
Peugeot.
Peugeot offers the following FFV (E85) models (at least in Sweden, Benelux, France and Switzerland):
Renault.
Renault offers the following FFV (E85) models (at least in Sweden, Benelux, France and Switzerland):
Saab.
Saab offers the following vehicles in the European and Australian markets that use E85:.
SEAT.
SEAT offers the following FFV (E85) models under the label "MultiFuel":
Škoda Auto.
Škoda offers the following FFV (E85) models (at least in Sweden, Benelux, France and Switzerland):
Toyota.
Toyota offers the following vehicles in the Brazilian market under the label "Flex". These vehicles, including the motorcycle, are capable of running on any blend from E20-E25 to E100
Volvo.
Volvo offers the following vehicles in the European market that use E85:
Volkswagen.
Volkswagen offers the following vehicles in the Brazilian market under the label "Total Flex" because they are capable of running on any blend from E20-E25 to E100
The following E85 "Multifuel" models are offered in Sweden, Benelux and Switzerland
There's currently no E85 models offered in Germany. The offered "BiFuel" cars
do only combine Gasoline (E10) with a separate Cargas Tank.

</doc>
<doc id="19411547" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19411547" title="Volim te...">
Volim te...

Volim te... () is the third studio album of Montenegrin singer Dado Polumenta, released in 2007. This album mainly consisted of cover versions of Greek songs. Two songs featured in this album were written by Polumenta himself, "Da sam tada bolje te znao" () and "Volim te..." (). Three singles were produced from this album (in order of release): "Da sam tada bolje te znao" (), "Luče malo" () and "Gdje si sad" (). Polumenta featured a duet with his aunt, Azra Polumenta, in this album, entitled "Fobija" ().
Track listing.
The album contains nine songs. 

</doc>
<doc id="19411554" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19411554" title="P. Chandra Reddy">
P. Chandra Reddy

Justice P. Chandra Reddy or Palagani Chandra Reddy (July 1, 1904–October 7, 1976) was an Indian judge. He was educated at V.R. High School, Nellore and Pachaiyappa’s College in Madras. He was appointed as an advocate at the Madras High Court on 13 August 1928. He had practised civil and criminal cases. He was appointed as an additional judge at the same court on 16 July 1949. He was appointed as a permanent Judge at Andhra Pradesh High Court on its formation from 5 July 1954, and later became the acting Chief Justice of the court. He was appointed as the permanent of Andhra High Court on 16 June 1958. 
He was the acting Governor of Andhra Pradesh from 20 December 1963 to 19 December 1963. He was appointed as the Chief Justice of Madras High Court on 23 December 1964. He was the acting Governor of Tamil Nadu between 24 December 1964 and 7 February 1965. He retired on 7 January 1966. He died on 7 October 1976.

</doc>
<doc id="19411560" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19411560" title="Stephen Collins (disambiguation)">
Stephen Collins (disambiguation)

Stephen Collins (born 1947) is an American actor.
Stephen, Steven or Steve Collins may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19411576" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19411576" title="George Hollis (bishop)">
George Hollis (bishop)

George Arthur Hollis was Bishop of Taunton from 1931 to 1945. Born on 17 April 1868 he was educated at Keble College, Oxford and ordained in 1894. He began his ecclesiastical career with a curacy at "St James Wednesbury" followed by a spell as Perpetual Curate of "St Bartholomew Armley". After this he was Vicar of Headingley and then the Principal of Wells Theological College before a 14 year stint as Suffragan Bishop of Taunton. He died on 20 March 1944. His son Christopher was MP for Devizes from 1945 to 1955, and another son Sir Roger was Director General of MI5 from 1956 to 1965. Of grandchildren, Adrian Hollis, Roger's son, is a chess champion and classics don, while another is, like George, a bishop, Christopher Hollis's son, the Right Revd. Crispian Hollis who is the Bishop of Portsmouth for the Catholic Church.

</doc>
<doc id="19411578" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19411578" title="Marius Mbaiam">
Marius Mbaiam

Nekiambé Marius Mbaiam (born 1 June 1987 in Moundou ) is a Chadian footballer who currently plays in the Championnat de France amateur for Grenoble Foot 38.
Career.
Mbaiam was transferred from Grenoble Foot to CS Louhans-Cuiseaux in June 2007. After two years and nine matches, who scores two goals signed in summer 2009 for Gap FC.
International career.
He played his debut on 12 October 2003 and was member of the Chad national football team at 2007 CEMAC Cup. He was the part of the team for Fifa World Cup 2006 qualifiers, and Fifa World Cup 2010 qualifiers. Mbaiam scored his first goal on 6 September 2008 against Sudan national football team. He is the current national team captain.

</doc>
<doc id="19411597" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19411597" title="YUI Orta">
YUI Orta

YUI Orta is the seventh solo album of Ian Hunter. The title is a play on the phrase "Why you, I ought to...". Hunter reunites again with longtime collaborator Mick Ronson, as The Hunter Ronson Band.
It was intended as a sort of comeback for both men, but the record company did only little promotion and eventually they were dropped from the label.
There were plans for a follow up, but these were put on hold when Ronson was diagnosed with liver cancer.
In "Big Time", Hunter borrows the riff from his own song "Once Bitten Twice Shy". In "Tell It Like It Is" Ronson borrows the riff from "Get It On".
In 2003, the album was reissued with two bonus tracks.
Track listing.
All songs written by Ian Hunter except where noted
Personnel.
Art Director / Designer: Mitchell Kanner

</doc>
<doc id="19411601" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19411601" title="Symplectic representation">
Symplectic representation

In mathematical field of representation theory, a symplectic representation is a representation of a group or a Lie algebra on a symplectic vector space ("V", "ω") which preserves the symplectic form "ω". Here "ω" is a nondegenerate skew symmetric bilinear form
where F is the field of scalars. A representation of a group "G" preserves "ω" if
for all "g" in "G" and "v", "w" in "V", whereas a representation of a Lie algebra g preserves "ω" if
for all "ξ" in g and "v", "w" in "V". Thus a representation of "G" or g is equivalently a group or Lie algebra homomorphism from "G" or g to the symplectic group Sp("V","ω") or its Lie algebra sp("V","ω")
If G is a compact group (for example, a finite group), and F is the field of complex numbers, then by introducing a compatible unitary structure (which exists by an averaging argument), one can show that any complex symplectic representation is a quaternionic representation. Quaternionic representations of finite or compact groups are often called symplectic representations, and may be identified using the Frobenius-Schur indicator.

</doc>
<doc id="19411613" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19411613" title="Yakut Khan">
Yakut Khan

Yakut Khan was a Siddi Naval Admiral and administrator of Janjira Fort who first served under Bijapur Sultanate and later under the Mughal Empire. His real name was Siddi Qasim Khan but was given the title of "Yakut Khan" by Emperor Alamgir. During a Muhgal-English conflict he laid siege to the British-held Bombay in 1689. 
The Siddis are a community of African ancestry that live in much of Karnataka and Kerala, India. They were loyal to the Mughals and had earned a reputation as excellent sea-farers.
In October, 1672, Khan entered the seven islands of Bombay and attacked the Marathas with whom they were at war with. Khan returned the following year, on 10 October 1673, after destroying the towns of Pen and Nagothane. 
Yakut Khan, along with Khariyat Khan, had earlier saved the Portuguese from the Marathas left by Sambhaji at Chaul. In return, they enjoyed a cordial relationship in the otherwise tense political climate.
In 1689, the Mughal Emperor Aurangzeb ordered the Khan to attack Bombay for the third time after Indian vessels sailing to Surat were captured in 1686. In April 1689, the Siddis laid siege to the British fortification to the south. The British governor Sir John Child appealed to Aurangzeb. In February 1690, the Mughals agreed to halt the attack in return for 150,000 rupees (Over a billion USD at 2008 conversion rates) and Child's dismissal. Child's untimely death in 1690 however, resulted in him escaping the ignominy of being sacked.
Enraged at the agreement, Sakat withdrew his forces on 8 June 1690 after razing the Mazagaon Fort.
Khan died in 1733.

</doc>
<doc id="19411625" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19411625" title="Quirke">
Quirke

Quirke may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19411636" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19411636" title="InnoTrans">
InnoTrans

InnoTrans is the world's largest trade fair focused on the rail transport industry. It is held every two years at the Messe Berlin exhibition centre, which has outdoor standard gauge railway sidings which can be used to exhibit railway vehicles. During the weekend after the trade show the public can visit the rolling stock on display.
History.
InnoTrans has grown steadily in area and exhibitor numbers since it moved to Berlin in 1996. For the 2010 fair, organiser Messe Berlin Ltd announced an increase to 2,000 exhibitors from 44 countries, which covered the whole area of the exhibition centre for the first time. 
A spin-off supplementary exhibition "Public Transport Interiors" aimed at the mass transit sector was planned, but the first event announced for 2011 was postponed until a later time. InnoTrans 2012 will instead be the first to include a separate "Public Transport and Interiors Hall Forum". Besides showing suppliers in the field there will be series of multimedia presentations on new design options in the industry.
InnoTrans trade fairs.
Future
2012
2010
2008
2006
2004
2002
2000
1998
1996

</doc>
<doc id="19411644" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19411644" title="La Marseillaise (1869 newspaper)">
La Marseillaise (1869 newspaper)

La Marseillaise (1869–70) is a French weekly newspaper created by Henri Rochefort. It was first published on 19 December 1869. The writing staff included Paschal Grousset, Arthur Arnould, Gustave Flourens, Jules Vallès and Victor Noir.

</doc>
<doc id="19411647" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19411647" title="Open Systems International">
Open Systems International

Open Systems International, Inc. (OSI) is a supplier of open automation solutions (supervisory control and data acquisition (SCADA), energy management systems (EMS), generation management systems (GMS), distribution management systems (DMS) and substation automation systems (SAS)) for management and optimization of complex production, transport, and delivery networks for utilities in the electric, oil & gas, transport, and water industries worldwide.
Products.
OSI's monarch platform is the nucleus of this applications architecture. Modular applications, specific to each utility’s mission, can be attached to it. OSI’s products include SCADA, NMSs, GMSs, transmission management systems, DMSs, substation automation systems (SASs), RTUs, and individual software products, as well as e-business solutions for utility operations.
OSI's monarch platform assists in the monitoring and controlling of electrical substations, power plants, large electrical transmission and distribution grids, large oil and gas pipeline networks, large hydro and water networks, or transportation and traction power networks.
monarch lite is OSI’s SCADA platform for smaller SCADA systems for up to a few thousand monitoring points. It is based on various open industry standards including Intel Pentium servers, Windows or Linux operating systems and the DNP, MODBUS or IEC communications protocols.
e-scada is a hosted SCADA application platform for delivery of automation services via the Web for monitoring of remote assets or for serving real-time information to industrial customers or end users.
OSIRIS is a Linux-based Remote Telemetry Unit (RTU) designed for monitoring communications, electric distribution, water, gas and transportation.

</doc>
<doc id="19411662" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19411662" title="Konni">
Konni

Konni may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19411694" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19411694" title="Open supported learning">
Open supported learning

Open supported learning is the teaching method employed and pioneered by The Open University (OU), and is not the same as distance education or correspondence courses.
The term "open" refers to the open-door academic policy of OU, and the term "supported" refers to the fact that the students receive constant academic attention by academic staff and tutors.

</doc>
<doc id="19411701" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19411701" title="Denis Dodart">
Denis Dodart

Denis Dodart (1634–1707) was a French physician, naturalist and botanist. Trained at the University of Paris, he gained his doctorate of medicine in 1660 and was elected to the French Academy of Sciences in 1673. In botany he is notable for his early studies of plant respiration and growth. He collaborated with the French engraver Nicolas Robert in several illustrated works including Estampes de Plantes and Mémoires pour servir á l'Histoire des Plantes.
His father Jean Dodart was a Parisian notary and his mother Marie Dubois was the daughter of a lawyer. Suspicion that his parents, like many from the legal professions, had been supporters of the Fronde uprising nearly derailed his election to the Academy of Sciences.
Eponymy.
The nettle species "Urtica dodartii" was named after him by Linnaeus but this is now considered a variety of "Urtica pilulifera", the Roman nettle ("U. pilulifera" L. var. "dodartii" (L.) Aschers.).

</doc>
<doc id="19411728" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19411728" title="Open-door academic policy">
Open-door academic policy

A university has an open-door academic policy, open-door enrollment, or just open-door policy when it accepts to enroll students without asking for evidence of previous education, experience, or references. Usually payment of the academic fees (or financial support) is all that is required to enroll. Universities may not employ the open-door policy for all their courses, and those universities that have a universal open-door policy where all courses have no entry requirements are named open universities.

</doc>
<doc id="19411730" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19411730" title="Top Fly">
Top Fly

Top Fly was a charter airline and passenger and cargo airline based in Gran Canaria, Spain. and pilot training school based in Sabadell, Spain, and Monflorita (Huesca), Spain
It ceased commercial operations in November 2009. CanaryFly, a new airline, was founded by former Top Fly empolyees, inheriting some of the former Top Fly fleet. The company continued to trade as a Pilot Training school but in March 2012 were sold.
CanaryFly began operations on the former Top Fly network utilising an ATR 42-300 and the former Top Fly Swearingen Metroliner aircraft.
Destinations.
Top Fly operated at following destination: 
Fleet.
The Top Fly fleet included the following aircraft (as of 23 July April 2011)

</doc>
<doc id="19411749" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19411749" title="All for You (Kate Ryan song)">
All for You (Kate Ryan song)

All For You was the third and last single of Kate Ryan's third album "Alive". This song was the least successful by Ryan ever.

</doc>
<doc id="19411760" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19411760" title="Arun Vijay">
Arun Vijay

Arun Vijay (born 19 November 1977) is a Tamil film actor. He is the only son of veteran film actor Vijayakumar and has been active in the Tamil film industry since 1995. He is also a stunt coordinator in most of his films. An adventurous person by nature, he has his license to skydive from the United States Parachute Association.
Early life and family.
Arun Vijay was born into a film family as the only son to actor Vijayakumar and his first wife Muthukannu. He has two elder sisters Kavitha, who has acted in a single film, "Coolie", and Anitha. Arun Vijay's step mother is actress Manjula Vijayakumar, who had essayed lead roles in over 100 films in the 1970s, while his half-sisters Vanitha, Preetha and Sridevi have also appeared in several films.
In 2006, Arun Vijay married Aarthi, daughter of film producer Dr. N. S. Mohan and a post-graduate in Psychology, with whom he has a daughter, Purvi and a son, Arnav Vijay. In 2010, Kavitha's daughter Hasini married N. S. Mohan's son Hemanth, who is a co-producer of Feather Touch Entertainments and has also acted alongside Arun Vijay in "Malai Malai".
Career.
Arunkumar signed on for an A. R. Rahman musical titled "Love Story" to be his acting debut, but the delay of that project meant that he accepted Anbalaya Films' offer of Sundar C's "Murai Mappillai" (1995). Arunkumar changed his name to Arun Vijay in October 2006, hoping that a new name would bring better luck for him.
In 2009, Arun Vijay opted against starring in low budget films and opted to collaborate with his father-in-law's production house Feather Touch Entertainment for his future projects. The first venture, "Malai Malai" directed by A. Venkatesh, became a commercial success. While the next film, "Maanja Velu" (2010) by the same team, was also a moderate success. He then appeared in Magizh Thirumeni's action-thriller, "Thadaiyara Thaakka" (2012), marking a move away from his previous two masala films. The film, which featured Mamta Mohandas alongside Arun Vijay, opened to rave reviews and went on to become a sleeper hit. The actor is currently featuring in his fourth successive film under the Feather Touch Entertainment banner, "Vaa Deal" co-starring Karthika Nair.

</doc>
<doc id="19411770" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19411770" title="Gives You Hell">
Gives You Hell

"Gives You Hell" is a song by American rock band The All-American Rejects, released as the lead single from their third studio album "When the World Comes Down" on September 30, 2008.
The song is The All-American Rejects' most successful song to date, receiving critical acclaim and topping the "Billboard"'s Mainstream Top 40 and Adult Top 40 charts as well as peaking at #4 on the Hot 100 chart.
Background and composition.
"Gives You Hell" was written by Nick Wheeler and Tyson Ritter in Vancouver, Canada on a secluded writing trip for the band's third studio album, and recorded at George Lucas's Skywalker Ranch studios in California.
Lyric-wise, Ritter stated the song "is about this asshole, it’s a dude who will never know it’s about him. It's kind of this tongue-in-cheek way of looking at someone you hate, whether it's your mom, for some reason, or it's your teacher at school, or it's your boss at work. It's just someone who makes you struggle, and it's giving them the finger." 
In an interview with Vevo, the pair described how the song started out as "a cheesy whirl on a drum-loop", and how unsure they were on its sound that it nearly didn't make the final track listing for "When the World Comes Down". But after a phone conversation with music producer Jimmy Iovine, who praised the song's lyrics and instrumental mix, the band decided to add it to the album's track list.
On the composition of the track, Wheeler described the process, "You hear an acoustic guitar, like this wacky E6 chord fading in the beginning and that's all you hear. Yeah, that's all you hear until the second verse. Then a little acoustic guitar comes in – actually the acoustic guitar carries the whole thing until that last chorus. That's when like the big monster comes in. It's just the acoustic guitar in the chorus and you hear that little lead line right before the 3rd verse. It's little moments like that. If every part on the record is thought out and holds its place in the song, then you don't need more than just those special parts. It's not about taking a big guitar and layering the crap out of it. It's not about that. Every part, from the vocals to the guitar parts to the drum fills, really hold their place in the song." 
In a further interview with MTV, Wheeler commented that "we wanted the backing vocalists sound like a 'bunch of drunk assholes', so we had the crew and us drink a beer for every take and yelled the chorus into a microphone. We got so drunk we were over-thinking it!" 
Reception.
Critical reception.
The song received critical acclaim from music critics. About.com rated the track 4 out of 5 stars and described it as a "soulful groove", saying "The lyrics are filled with a cleverly snarky attitude. The attitude of 'Dirty Little Secret' is here in full force, and you will likely find yourself singing along", while
Digital Spy, who rated the track 3 out of 5 stars, described it as "Sum 41-style guitars and a cheery singalong outro, it certainly isn't innovative, but as many of their contemporaries have begun dabbling in politics and darker musical styles, there's a certain charm to the band's blissful ignorance of changing fashions." 
Chart performance.
In the United States, "Gives You Hell" entered the "Billboard" Hot 100 at position #69 and climbed steadily for seven weeks before breaking into the Top 10 at position #10, giving the band their third Top 10 hit on the chart, before eventually peaking at #4, making "Gives You Hell" The All-American Rejects' most successful single to date and their first Top 5 hit, remaining in the charts for over 13 weeks after.
The song eventually topped the US "Billboard" Top 40 Mainstream chart in March 2009, and followed on to reach the top spot of the US Hot Adult Top 40 Tracks the following May, making "Gives You Hell" the band's first ever #1 any music chart to date. Internationally, the track became The All-American Rejects' best-selling single, reaching the Top 5 in Canada and Australia and the Top 20 in the United Kingdom, Ireland, and New Zealand by early 2009.
In late 2009, "Billboard" announced that "Gives You Hell" was the most played song of that year on their Top 40 chart. The song also became the 42nd biggest selling rock song of the 21st century in the United Kingdom.
Music video.
The music video for "Gives You Hell" was directed by Marc Webb and shot in October 2008 in California and was released a month later on November 3. It revolves around two alter egos of lead singer and bassist Tyson Ritter - one as a traditional family man and the other as a lay-about nocturnal garage band singer (the band of which is made up of the other members of The All-American Rejects) - as neighbors annoying and pulling pranks on each other due to their different lifestyles and behaviors, while scenes of the band themselves performing the song as the garage band are overlapped through the video.
A second version was later released in January 2009, primarily featuring an extended version of the performance scene from the first.
In an interview with MTV about the video, Ritter said "The video basically pits one neighbor against another terrible neighbor, who lives on a completely opposite schedule. He's not on the grid - he's not on, like the song says, 'a 9-to-5 pace.' And this guy's living the cookie-cutter life, with his white picket fence, and his wife who brings him lemonade when he's washing the car, So it's kind of like the clash of those worlds; only at the end, there's kind of a twist, where the two worlds kind of flip-flop."
Appearances in popular culture.
"Gives You Hell" was featured on the musical comedy-drama television show "Glee" in the episode "Hell-O". The song was sung by the character Rachel Berry played by Lea Michele. 
The song is also featured in the video games "Rock Band", "Guitar Hero 5", "Band Hero" and "Tap Tap Revenge 2".
The song is also used as into music for the home games of the Missouri Mavericks hockey team in Independence, Missouri. "Gives You Hell" has also been covered by rock band The Inevitable Backlash, with some of the original lyrics slightly altered.

</doc>
<doc id="19411810" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19411810" title="Rudy Joubert">
Rudy Joubert

Rudy Joubert (born 1962) is a South African rugby union coach and a former footballer. He also got a degree on Theology.
He had to leave rugby at a young age, due to an injury. He was technical adviser of South Africa at the 1995 Rugby World Cup finals.
Joubert was the head coach of Namibia in their first present at the Rugby World Cup finals, in 1999.
Joubert took on the head coaching of division in the Western Cape in 1999.
Accolades.
In 2003 he was inducted into the University of Pretoria Hall of fame.

</doc>
<doc id="19411846" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19411846" title="1960 ABC Championship">
1960 ABC Championship

The 1960 Asian Basketball Confederation Championship for Men was held in Manila, Philippines.

</doc>
<doc id="19411847" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19411847" title="Armand Djerabe">
Armand Djerabe

Armand Djérabé (born 11 September 1980 in N'Djamena) is a Chadian footballer who plays for Foullah Edifice.
Career.
Djérabé has played in Cameroon for Cotonsport Garoua and three years for Lions de l'Atakory. He played the 2010 season for Requins de l'Atlantique FC in the Benin Premier League and returned in summer 2010 to Chad where signed with Gazelle FC. After Gazelle, he played for Tourbillon FC, and now he plays for Foullah Edifice.
International career.
Djerabe is a member of the Chad national football team and played in the 2006 and 2010 FIFA World Cup qualifying rounds, as well as the 2012 Africa Cup of Nations qualifying rounds. He played for the side that finished runners-up at the 2005 CEMAC Cup. So far, his last match for national team was on 11 November 2011 against Tanzania.

</doc>
<doc id="19411856" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19411856" title="Enschedé">
Enschedé

Enschedé can refer to the following articles: 
The following people carried the surname Enschedé: 

</doc>
<doc id="19411859" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19411859" title="Frank Cellier (actor)">
Frank Cellier (actor)

Frank Cellier (23 February 1884 – 27 September 1948) was an English actor. Early in his career, he toured in Britain, Germany, the West Indies, America and South Africa. In the 1920s, he became known in the West End for Shakespearean character roles, among others, and also directed some plays in which he acted. Later, during the 1930s and 1940s, he also appeared in films.
Biography.
Early years.
François Cellier, always known as Frank, was born in Surbiton, Surrey, the only son of the conductor François Cellier, and was educated at Cranleigh School. After leaving school, he spent three years in business.
In 1903, Cellier made his first stage appearance as Clement Hale in Arthur Wing Pinero's "Sweet Lavender" at the "Town Hall" in Reigate and thereafter made acting his career, also doing some stage manager work. In the autumn of that year he went on tour with William Poel's company in "Doctor Faustus", and later toured in a number of Shakespearean roles in the company of Ian Maclaren. He then extended his repertory in a wide variety of roles which he undertook on tour with the actress Florence Nellie Glossop-Harris (d. 1932), daughter of the actor-manager Augustus Harris, whom he married in 1910. She divorced him in 1925. They had a daughter, Antoinette, who became an actress and married actor Bruce Seton, and a son, Peter, who is a TV, theatre and film actor.
Cellier toured not only in Britain, but in Germany and the West Indies, and did not make his debut in London until 1914, when under his own management he appeared in "Cheer, Boys, Cheer". After this he toured in America and South Africa, and did not appear again in London until 1920. "By this time," wrote "The Times", "his solid merit was appreciated after his long and arduous apprenticeship."
Shakespearean and other stage roles.
Once established, Cellier pursued a career balancing new commercial plays –
sometimes farce, often murder drama – and classical roles. His favourite part was Hamlet, and his other Shakespeare roles included Apemantus in "Timon of Athens", the title role in "Henry IV, Part 2", Cassio in "Othello", Touchstone in "As You Like It", Angelo in "Measure for Measure", Ford in "The Merry Wives of Windsor", Quince in "A Midsummer Night's Dream" and Kent in "King Lear". Two of his most celebrated roles were in "The Merchant of Venice" and "Twelfth Night", of which "The Times" said, "while he could wring the last drop of dramatic tension from the role of Shylock, he could also play Sir Toby Belch in such a way as to bring out the essence of the comedy without suggesting that the old reprobate had never known better days."
In the West End, he directed and played in numerous plays. His roles in these included the Nobleman in "The Man with a Load of Mischief" (1925), one of Marie Tempest's suitors in Noël Coward's "The Marquise" (1927), Sir Peter Teazle in "The School for Scandal" (1929) and the King in the "Improper Duchess" (1931). He starred in "The Duchess of Dantzic" in 1932 and directed and appeared in "The Mask of Virtue" (1935) with Vivien Leigh. He also appeared that year in "Espionage", a play by Walter C. Hackett, at the Apollo Theatre. His final stage role was the father in Terence Rattigan's "The Winslow Boy" in 1946, which he played to great praise in London and was due to take to America but was prevented by ill-health from doing so.
Films and death.
Beginning in the 1930s, Cellier played roles in films, including Sheriff Watson in Alfred Hitchcock's "The 39 Steps" (1935). He was also Monsieur Barsac in the comedy film "The Guv'nor" (1935).
Cellier died in London at age 64.

</doc>
<doc id="19411862" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19411862" title="Michael Doudoroff">
Michael Doudoroff

Michael Doudoroff (1911 - 1975) was an American microbiologist who discovered with Nathan Entner microbial pathway for glucose degradation in some bacteria. Nowadays it is known as Entner–Doudoroff pathway. He was born in St. Petersburg, Russia but moved to San Francisco when he was 12 years old. He entered Stanford University (1929) where he completed his PhD under the supervision of Cornelius Van Niel at the Hopkins Marine Station.

</doc>
<doc id="19411878" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19411878" title="FlySur">
FlySur

FlySur was an airline based in Córdoba, Spain. This start-up airline was previously known as TAER Andalus. The airline launched operations on September 4, 2008. All flights were suspended after 20 October 2008.
Fleet.
The FlySur fleet included the following aircraft (as of 21 September 2008) [http://www.ch-aviation.ch/aircraft.php?search=set&airline=FSU&al_op=1]: 

</doc>
<doc id="19411913" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19411913" title="Analytical dynamics">
Analytical dynamics

In classical mechanics, analytical dynamics, or more briefly dynamics, is concerned about the relationship between motion of bodies and its causes, namely the forces acting on the bodies and the properties of the bodies (particularly mass and moment of inertia). The foundation of modern day dynamics is Newtonian mechanics and its reformulation as Lagrangian mechanics and Hamiltonian mechanics.
History.
The field has a long and important history, as remarked by Hamilton:
"The theoretical development of the laws of motion of bodies is a problem of such interest and importance that it has engaged the attention of all the eminent mathematicians since the invention of the dynamics as a mathematical science by Galileo, and especially since the wonderful extension which was given to that science by Newton." William Rowan Hamilton, 1834 (Transcribed in "Classical Mechanics" by J.R. Taylor, p. 237)
Some authors (for example, Taylor (2005) and Greenwood (1997)) include special relativity within classical dynamics.
Relationship to statics, kinetics, and kinematics.
Historically, there were three branches of classical mechanics: 
These three subjects have been connected to "dynamics" in several ways. One approach combined statics and kinetics under the name dynamics, which became the branch dealing with determination of the motion of bodies resulting from the action of specified forces; another approach separated statics, and combined kinetics and kinematics under the rubric dynamics. This approach is common in engineering books on mechanics, and is still in widespread use among mechanicians.
Fundamental importance in engineering, diminishing emphasis in physics.
Today, "dynamics" and "kinematics" continue to be considered the two pillars of classical mechanics. Dynamics is still included in mechanical, aerospace, and other engineering curricula because of its importance in machine design, the design of land, sea, air and space vehicles and other applications. However, few modern physicists concern themselves with an independent treatment of "dynamics" or "kinematics," nevermind "statics" or "kinetics." Instead, the entire undifferentiated subject is referred to as "classical mechanics". In fact, many undergraduate and graduate text books since mid-20th century on "classical mechanics" lack chapters titled "dynamics" or "kinematics."
In these books, although the word "dynamics" is used when acceleration is ascribed to a force, the word "kinetics" is never mentioned. However, clear exceptions exist. Prominent examples include "The Feynman Lectures on Physics".

</doc>
<doc id="19411925" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19411925" title="Olympiacos B.C. season 2007-08">
Olympiacos B.C. season 2007-08

In the season 2007-08, Olympiacos was considered amongst the favourites to reach the Final Four of the Euroleague. It is also considered the favourite along with Panathinaikos in the A1 Ethniki. In the Regular Season the team had the record of 22 wins and 4 defeats, having produced the second most offensive basketball in the Greek League. For the Quarter-finals of the Playoffs, Olympiacos sweeped AEK Athens in a best-of-three series and for the Semi-finals won Maroussi in a best-of-five series by 3-2. In the Finals of the Greek League Reds will face the eternal enemy Panathinaikos. Meanwhile, in Europe the team qualified for the third phase (quarter-finals) of the Euroleague, where it was eliminated by CSKA Moscow. Additionally, Olympiacos qualified to the Greek Cup Final, where they lost to the arch-rival Panathinaikos in a very impressive game, which was dramatic up to the last second.
A1 2007-08.
Regular Season.
Last match
Play-offs.
This is the outlook for the 2008 Α1 playoffs. Teams in "italics" have home court advantage. Teams in bold advance to the next round. Numbers to the left of each team indicate the team's original playoffs seeding. Numbers to the right indicate the score of each game.
Euroleague 2007-08.
Quarter-finals.
Last match

</doc>
<doc id="19411944" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19411944" title="The Bridge to Nowhere">
The Bridge to Nowhere

The Bridge to Nowhere is an independent 2009 crime drama written by Christopher Gutierrez, directed by Blair Underwood in his directorial debut.
Plot.
Kevin, Brian, Chris, Darick and Eddie are childhood friends from a working-class neighborhood in Pittsburgh. They are in their mid-20s and working low paid blue collar jobs and occasional small criminal offenses like selling marijuana or illegally providing liquor for parties.
Brian convinces all but Eddie to start making money by pandering. They start with two girls, Jasper and Sienna, and the business eventually expands to five girls. They find a drug dealer, Nate, to supply cocaine, first for the girls, and then for their 'johns' as well. As the business succeeds, Nate's price gets more expensive.
As their fortunes grow and the affluent lifestyle affects Brian, he eventually gets addicted to the drug, even though Nate had warned them all not to "partake in the product".
One night Chris takes Sienna to meet with an old client who likes Sienna. Both smoke crack, and the 'john' kills her. The police arrive and arrest him and Chris, who is outside the room, unaware of the murder. He is charged with several crimes that include prostitution, drug-dealing, possession etc., and could face many years in state prison. Brian visits Chris in jail, who tells Brian the cops will likely reduce his sentence to two years minimum, if he tells them where he got the drugs from. Brian tries to convince Chris that if he does this, Nate will hunt him down, but Chris doesn't care.
Brian returns to the other two to talk with them, but the others tell him that they are not going to be involved in the business anymore with Chris in jail and Sienna dead, so they quit, after Kevin also discloses to Brian that he loves Jasper. Brian then tells Nate about what happened, and Nate contracts to kill Chris in jail, but the old convict he hires, who sticks a shiv into Chris several times, does not kill him. Chris tells the police of Brian's drug & pimping business.
Darick is killed by Nate and Brian tries to kill Kevin unsuccessfully. Kevin takes a plane out of the country, with Jasper catching up with him later, her having been shot by Brian in the attempt to kill the couple. She goes to the hospital and catches the next flight out. The police raid Brian's luxury penthouse condo. Brian burns all of his drug money and tries to flush the drugs down the toilet, but the cops turn off the water supply, knowing Brian is planning on getting rid of the drugs. A police helicopter hovers over his patio-pool-deck and they order Brian to surrender. Brian grabs his AR-15 and fires at the helicopter, which flies off, and then he exchanges gunfire with the many cops around the building. Out of bullets, Brian runs to his bedroom to gets his pistols. He calls his mother and apologizes for the lifestyle he chose. She sees what is happening on the TV news live. Brian walks back outside, with guns in both hands. Cops order him to drop the weapons or they will shoot. Brian contemplates the situation and surrenders, and as he lays down the pistols, Nate, from a distance and armed with a sniper rifle, shoots and kills him so he can't tell the cops who supplied him the drugs. The police, amazed, don't see who kills him, thinking the shot was from one of their own snipers, and presumably Nate gets away (but likely just temporarily, as Nate thinks Chris is dead).
At Darick and Brian's funeral, Brian's mother is shown in the cemetery with Eddie and Chris, who is still incarcerated and using a wheelchair. Finally, in Eddie's thoughts, he discloses Kevin and Jasper are somewhere away from the US., and that the 'organization' made over $ 7 million in about a year of operation, but that it is was 'all gone'. In closing, he emotes he didn't want to be involved from the beginning because, though his friends 'flew high for a while, in the end they flew off the bridge to nowhere'.
Crew.
Make Up Department
Second Unit Directors or Assistant Directors
Reception.
Jason Buchanan calls it a "gritty urban drama exploring the dark side of the criminal lifestyle" in a short review in the "New York Times".

</doc>
<doc id="19411953" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19411953" title="Christmas Bullet">
Christmas Bullet

The Christmas Bullet, later known as the Cantilever Aero Bullet (sometimes referred to as the Christmas Strutless Biplane), was an American single-seat cantilever wing biplane. It is considered by many to be among the worst aircraft ever constructed.
Design and development.
Dr. William Whitney Christmas (1865–1960), who had no experience in aircraft design or aeronautical work, claimed to have built an aircraft of his own design in 1908 that was lost in a crash. After a second aircraft was supposedly built, called the Red Bird, later modified into the Red Bird II, Christmas founded the Christmas Aeroplane Company based in Washington, DC, in 1910. No evidence beyond his own claims has ever been found for the existence of either of these aircraft. By 1912, the company became the Durham Christmas Aeroplane Sales & Exhibition Company and later the Cantilever Aero Company after moving to Copiague, NY, in 1918.
Christmas convinced two brothers, Henry McCorry and Alfred McCorry, to back him. They then paid a visit to the Continental Aircraft Company, of Long Island, where Christmas convinced management that his planned aircraft would be the key element in an audacious plot to kidnap Kaiser Wilhelm II of Germany. Two designs were proposed, a single-seat "scout" and a three-place "fighting machine."
The single-seat "Christmas Bullet" featured an all-wood construction with a veneer-clad fuselage, although despite his claims to the contrary, neither design feature reduced aerodynamic drag, nor was he among the first to use this method of construction; the majority of German World War I-era two-seater aircraft used for bombing and reconnaissance were similarly constructed. The "Bullet" was powered by a prototype Liberty 6 engine. Although the US Army had been persuaded to loan an engine, the proviso was that the prototype engine was to be fitted into an airframe for ground testing only.
The design had a serious flaw in that it lacked any kind of struts or braces for the wings, with Christmas' insisting that they should be flexible. Control of the aircraft was meant to be achieved by wing warping to its flying surfaces. Although the Chief Engineer at Continental, Vincent Burnelli, tried to institute changes, the "Christmas Bullet" was completed with the original design features intact. Construction materials were scrounged from available wood and steel stock and were not "aircraft grade", which was also a concern to Burnelli.
Operational history.
On its maiden flight in January 1919, the wings of the "Bullet" peeled from the fuselage and the aircraft crashed, killing the pilot, Cuthbert Mills. The destruction of the prototype Liberty engine was never revealed to the US Army and a second Bullet was built powered by an Hall-Scott L-6 engine. Despite the crash, Christmas placed an ad in "Flying" magazine stating that the Christmas Bullet achieved a 197 mph top speed demonstrated in front of Col Harmon at Central Park, Long Island. The second aircraft was displayed in Madison Square Garden on 8 March 1919 as the "First Strutless Airplane". It was also destroyed on its first flight, again with the loss of the test pilot, Lt. Allington Joyce Jolly. Jolly is buried in the Cropsey Cemetery in Cropsey, Illinois. The project was abandoned before its United States Army Air Service (USAAS) evaluation. 
Following the crash of the second Bullet, Christmas continued to campaign for more funding for further projects, seeking out private and government sources, claiming "hundreds" of patents or patent submissions based on his aeronautical research. His far-fetched assertions were proved untrue but he did apparently sell his unusual wing design to the US Army ("or so he claimed").
A contemporary technical description with photographs and drawings appeared in "Flight," 13 February 1919, claiming that "it would seem that such construction would result in a low factor of safety, but the designer claims a safety factor of seven throughout".

</doc>
<doc id="19411977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19411977" title="Peat pulp bath">
Peat pulp bath

A peat pulp bath is a bath prepared of peat pulp from wetlands. Balneotherapy in form of peat pulp baths is offered in many health resorts.
History.
Paracelsus described "moor" as a remedy for certain diseases. Later, soldiers of Napoleon learnt about peat pulp and mud baths in Egypt and brought this knowledge to Europe. Jérôme Bonaparte, Napoleon's brother gave command to erect the first health resort with peat applications for his troops after the Battle of Leipzig in Bad Nenndorf. However, already 1802 a peat pulp resort has been alleged to exist in Bad Pyrmont. In the 19th century, peat pulp resorts have been founded in many European health resorts including Marienbad (1813), Franzensbad (1827), Karlsbad (1836) and Bad Aibling (1845).

</doc>
<doc id="19411997" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19411997" title="Ahmat Brahim">
Ahmat Brahim

Ahmat Brahim (born 8 December 1982) is a Chadian footballer. He currently plays as a midfielder for Elect-Sport FC.
Career.
He played in Chadian club Renaissance FC. Now he is the member of Elect-Sport FC.

</doc>
<doc id="19412002" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19412002" title="1994 New York Giants season">
1994 New York Giants season

The 1994 New York Giants season was the 70th season for the club in the National Football League. The Giants had a 9–7 record in 1994 and finished second in the National Football Conference East Division, three games behind the Dallas Cowboys.

</doc>
<doc id="19412012" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19412012" title="Laxminarayan Institute of Technology (LIT)">
Laxminarayan Institute of Technology (LIT)

Laxminayan Institute of Technology, established in 1942, is a university that specializes in chemical engineering and technology. Based in Nagpur, India, it is directly managed by Nagpur University.

</doc>
<doc id="19412015" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19412015" title="Konni (Hausa state)">
Konni (Hausa state)

Konni is a traditional Hausa state in what is today south central Maradi Region Niger and north Sokoto State Nigeria. It continues to exist as a ceremonial polity centered on the Nigerien city of Birni-N'Konni.
A small independennt Hausa state in the medieval period, Konni was conquered by its larger neighbor Gobir around 1750. It remained, along with Gobir, a largely animist (locally called Azna) stronghold. It was overrun and sacked by forces of the Sokoto Caliphate at the beginning of the 19th century, but had reverted to suzerainty of Azna states in modern Niger when French colonial forces entered the area at the end of the century. Its capitol Birni-N'Konni (Hausa for "Citadel of Konni"), was sacked by the French Voulet-Chanoine Mission in the 1898, and later assimilated into French West Africa. The traditional title of the ruler of Konni was retained by the French as an appointed "Canton chief", and continues as a ceremonial ruler. 

</doc>
<doc id="19412016" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19412016" title="Prince Friedrich Ferdinand of Schleswig-Holstein-Sonderburg-Glücksburg">
Prince Friedrich Ferdinand of Schleswig-Holstein-Sonderburg-Glücksburg

Prince Friedrich Ferdinand of Schleswig-Holstein-Sonderburg-Glücksburg (Full German name: "Friedrich Ferdinand Carl Ernst August Wilhelm Harold Casimir Nikolaus Prinz von Schleswig-Holstein-Sonderburg-Glücksburg"), (14 May 1913, Gotha, Saxe-Coburg and Gotha, Germany – 31 May 1989, Glücksburg, Schleswig-Holstein, Germany). Friedrich Ferdinand was the fourth child and youngest son of Prince Albrecht of Schleswig-Holstein-Sonderburg-Glücksburg (1863–1948) and his first wife Countess Ortrud of Ysenburg and Büdingen (1879–1918).
Marriage and issue.
Friedrich Ferdinand married Duchess Anastasia of Mecklenburg-Schwerin, youngest daughter of Frederick Francis IV, Grand Duke of Mecklenburg-Schwerin and his wife Princess Alexandra of Hanover and Cumberland, on 1 September 1943 at Willigrad bei Schwerin. Friedrich Ferdinand and Anastasia had four daughters:

</doc>
<doc id="19412017" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19412017" title="Andouin Aubert">
Andouin Aubert

Andouin Aubert (Aldouin Alberti) (died 1363) was a French jurist, bishop and Cardinal.
He was a nephew of Pope Innocent VI. He became apostolic notary, and was made bishop of Paris in 1349. In 1350 he was bishop of Auxerre, and in 1353 bishop of Maguelonne. The next year he resigned as bishop, and took up residence in Avignon, having been created cardinal priest of Ss. Giovanni e Paolo in 1353.
He became bishop of Ostia in 1361.

</doc>
<doc id="19412036" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19412036" title="Fortora Fresh Finance">
Fortora Fresh Finance

Fortora Fresh Finance is personal finance software developed by Fortora LLC. The software is available in two versions, one for Windows and another for Mac OS X. The software tracks accounts, loans, bills, investments and budgets. It imports data from QIF, OFX, QFX and CSV files. Fortora Fresh Finance has the ability to use its financial data files interchangeably between the Mac and Windows versions of the software, thus making the software a viable choice for people who use both PCs and Macs. Fortora Fresh Finance can also manage accounts from multiple currencies, and automatically track exchange rates and transfers between foreign accounts. 
Reviewers concluded that it was a simple product and very easy to set up. It lacks any features for tax, and has no direct support for UK banks apart from simply importing bank statements. 

</doc>
<doc id="19412039" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19412039" title="Schröckingerite">
Schröckingerite

Schröckingerite is a radioactive yellow uranium-containing carbonate mineral, hydrated sodium calcium uranyl sulfate carbonate fluoride. Schröckingerite crystallizes in the orthorhombic system, occurring as globular clusters, and fluoresces yellow-green under ultraviolet light.
Schröckingerite was first described in 1783 from an occurrence in Jáchymov, Bohemia, Czech Republic, and named for its discoverer, Julius Freiherr Schrockinger von Neudenberg (1814–1882).

</doc>
<doc id="19412054" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19412054" title="Christian Paul (actor)">
Christian Paul (actor)

Christian Paul (born May 18, 1973) is a Canadian film and television actor.
Life and career.
Paul was born in Montreal, Canada. He is a former tennis Jr. doubles Canadian champion with Sebastien Leblanc. He went to the University of Louisiana at Monroe on a tennis scholarship. He won athlete of the year in the Southland conference as a junior and as a senior. Paul is best known for making a number of appearances in both US and French Canadian films, including "Death Race" with Jason Statham, "Hidden Agenda" with Dolph Lundgren, "Confessions of a Dangerous Mind" with Drew Barrymore, "La Promesse" with Victoria Sanchez, and "" with Jean Nicolai.
Paul is also a songwriter and musician. In 2002, he created a Funk group called The Free Oxygen Band. the group performed mostly in Montreal for the next 4 years. The band produced the album Funkosynthesis in 2006. The band split up and Paul went on to pursue a solo project called Pneumatika released in 2009.
Paul currently lives in the Montreal, Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="19412061" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19412061" title="Skøyen Line">
Skøyen Line

The Skøyen Line (/"Skøyenlinja") is a tramway line running from Slottsparken to Skøyen in Oslo, Norway. It is served by line 13 of the Oslo Tramway. It connects the Briskeby Line at Slottsparken to the Lilleaker Line at Skøyen. 
The line was built on 2 March 1894 from Slottsparken to Skarpsno, and extended to Skøyen in 1903, by Kristiania Elektriske Sporvei. At first a shuttle service was provided on the branch line, but by April a through service was offered to Østbanen. The Skillebekk Line was extended on 31 December 1894 to Nobels gate, to Thune in 1901 and to Skøyen on 21 June 1903. On 9 May 1919 the Lilleaker Line was built from Skøyen to Lilleaker, as a suburban line.

</doc>
<doc id="19412066" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19412066" title="Esaie Djikoloum">
Esaie Djikoloum

Esaie Djikoloum (born 3 October 1991) is a Chadian footballer who plays as Striker for AS CotonTchad.
Career.
He won Coupe de League with AS CotonTchad and then represented Club at African Champions League. In 2005-2006 he scored 14 goals in 22 matches. At 14 years, he is the youngest goalking ever.
International.
Djikoloum represented in August 2006 with 16 years his home land at African Cup of Nations and than in September 2006 he was played with the Olympic team in the Zone IV (ACNOA) in Congo (Brazzaville). In 2007 played his second African Cup of Nations.

</doc>
<doc id="19412086" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19412086" title="Disney Sing It">
Disney Sing It

Disney Sing It is a karaoke video game and sequel to "". It was released on October 28, 2008 across multiple platforms. The game's product description refers to additional downloadable song packs being available.
However, as of 28 April 2009, Disney Interactive Support has replied (to a query):
""Thank you for contacting us.In some circumstances we need to make some business decisions and drop certain projects that might have been planned or even announced previously. This case falls in one of those situations and currently we don't have any plans on adding any downloadable contents for either Disney Sing It title.""
The game has received mixed reviews, with both 1UP.com and IGN praising its accessibility towards kids but finding serious fault with the gameplay, with Official Xbox Magazine ultimately calling it a "gateway game" at best.

</doc>
<doc id="19412090" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19412090" title="John Taylor (inventor)">
John Taylor (inventor)

John Crawshaw Taylor OBE (born 25 November 1933) is a British inventor, entrepreneur, horologist and philanthropist best known for his extensive research into electric kettles.
Career.
John Taylor was educated at King William's College on the Isle of Man and studied engineering at Corpus Christi College, Cambridge from 1956 to 1959. After graduating in 1959, he joined his father Eric Taylor's company Otter Controls as a Graduate Trainee, and it is said that he "soon revealed himself to have inherited his father's inventive genius".
When Eric Taylor died in 1971, his son took over as chairman of Otter Controls. He focused on the business of Castletown Thermostats, a subsidiary of Otter Controls, and in 1979 he split Castletown Thermostats and Otter Controls into two independent companies, with Taylor becoming chairman of Castletown. Two years later, Castletown Thermostats changed its name to Strix Ltd, and in 1984, Eddie Davies was appointed as Chief Executive, with Taylor remaining chairman.
Castletown Thermostats had started by making bimetallic thermostats for use in various industries. In the 1960s, the market for electric kettles was growing, and Castletown extended its manufacturing plant to produce and test a new device for controlling kettles. During the 20 years from 1979 until 1999 in which Taylor and Davies led Strix, the company developed several successful product series, expanded worldwide, sold over 200 million thermostat controls for electric kettles, and received several Queen's Awards and other awards. 
In 2001 Taylor received an Honorary Doctorate at UMIST and was made Visiting Professor of Innovation in recognition of over 150 patents in his own name. He was also elected Honorary Fellow of Corpus Christi College, Cambridge.
In 2000, in a bid to expand into the new growth market of coffee makers, Strix raised £50m of capital from HSBC Private Equity by selling 40% of its shares, valuing the company at £125m. This investment diluted Taylor's shareholding in Strix to 24%. In 2005, ABN AMRO Capital led a leveraged buyout of Strix; the value of the transaction was not disclosed. Today, Strix employs 1000 people, holds over 600 patents, and turns over more than £100 million per year. Strix controls are incorporated into electric kettles from many leading manufacturers, and it is estimated that they are used over one billion times per day worldwide, by over 20% of the world's population.
Philanthropic activities.
Since his retirement in 1999, Taylor has focussed on using his wealth to support educational institutions in the UK. His 'generous donation' enabled the creation of the STRIX Centre for Manufacturing at UMIST which opened in 2003. He has also been a very active benefactor of his former Cambridge college, Corpus Christi, by contributing £2.5m towards the construction of a new student library, the Taylor Library as well as funding numerous undergraduate and postgraduate scholarships and bursaries.
Taylor attracted public attention in September 2008 when the Corpus Clock, also known as the Chronophage, was installed on the outer wall of the Taylor Library of Corpus Christi College and unveiled by Stephen Hawking. John Taylor spent £1m of his own money in the construction of the Corpus Clock and gave it as a gift to the college.
He was appointed Officer of the Order of the British Empire (OBE) in the 2011 New Year Honours for services to business and horology.

</doc>
<doc id="19412115" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19412115" title="Weesp–Lelystad railway">
Weesp–Lelystad railway

The Weesp–Lelystad railway, also known as the Flevolijn, is a Dutch railway line. It is operated by Nederlandse Spoorwegen. The line runs from Weesp, in the province of North Holland, to Lelystad, capital of the neighbouring province of Flevoland.
The line currently has six stations, these are:
History.
Work began on the railway line in 1980. Originally, it was planned to run straight through the Oostvaardersplassen. After protests from environmentalists, the transport minister decided that the line was to pass outside this nature area. As a consequence, this detour is, because of its form, now colloquially called the "bath tub line".
Another station, to be named "Almere Poort", is currently under construction between "Weesp" and "Almere Muziekwijk".
In 2008, it was announced that the line's capacity will be extended to 12 trains per hour in either direction. To achieve this, it will be doubled to four tracks.
Hanzelijn.
The Hanzelijn is a railway under construction. It will operate from Lelystad Centrum to Zwolle. On the line there will be two new stations, "Dronten" and "Kampen Zuid"
In 2007, work began on the Hanzelijn, this is planned to open in 2012. With the completion of the railway line, the current Zwolle - Kampen railway line will close.
Future.
Some time in the near future there are plans for two new stations on the line, these are:
Train services.
The current train services operating on the Flevolijn are:

</doc>
<doc id="19412118" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19412118" title="Polícia">
Polícia

Polícia, policía, and policia are the Portuguese, Spanish, and Albanian words for police, respectively. They might refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19412146" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19412146" title="Flylink Express">
Flylink Express

Flylink Express was a charter airline based in Madrid, Spain. It was founded in 2003 by James Ward (CEO), initially operating a Challenger 6013A-ER (EC-JKT), a Hawker 400 (MU300) (EC-JKL) and a Piper Aerostar (EC-ICG). In 2005 it expanded its fleet with an Embraer 135 (EC-KFQ). Flylink Express operated worldwide executive charter services and was approved for ETOPs operations under its EU-OPS AOC. Other members of the executive management team were Jose Fernandez (Director of Flight and Ground Operations), Hugo Gonzalez (Head or Training), Ruben Trashorras (Quality Management), Juan Caño Sterk (Financial Advisor). In 2006 Flylink Express was purchased by Prestige Jet (Abu Dhabi). In 2009 Flylink´s AOC was revoked by the Spanish Civil Aviation Authority (AESA).
Flylink Express was based and operated from
Fleet.
The Flylink Express fleet included the following aircraft (as of 21 September 2005) [http://www.ch-aviation.ch/aircraft.php?search=set&airline=FLK&al_op=1]: 

</doc>
<doc id="19412159" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19412159" title="Instructions of Shuruppak">
Instructions of Shuruppak

The Instructions of Shuruppak (or, "Instructions of Šuruppak son of Ubara-tutu") are a significant example of Sumerian wisdom literature. Wisdom literature, intended to teach proper piety, inculcate virtue, and preserve community standards, was common throughout the ancient Near East. The text is set in great antiquity by its incipit: "In those days, in those far remote times, in those nights, in those faraway nights, in those years, in those far remote years." The precepts are placed in the mouth of a king Šuruppak (SU.KUR.RUki), son of Ubara-Tutu. Ubara-Tutu is recorded in most extant copies of the Sumerian king list as being the final king of Sumer prior to the deluge. Grouped with the other cuneiform tablets from Abu Salabikh, the "Instructions" date to the early third millennium BC, being among the oldest surviving literature.
The context consists of admonitory sayings of Šuruppak addressed to his son and eventual flood hero Ziusudra (Akkadian: Utnapishtin). Otherwise named as one of the five antediluvian cities in the Sumerian tradition, the name "Šuruppak" appears in one manuscript of the Sumerian King List (WB-62, written SU.KUR.LAM) where it is interpolated as an additional generation between Ubara-Tutu and Ziusudra, who are in every other instance father and son. Lambert reports that it has been suggested the interpolation may have arisen through an epithet of the father ("man of Shuruppak") having been taken wrongly for a proper name. However, this epithet, found in the Gilgamesh XI tablet, is a designation applied to Utnapishtim, not his father.
The Abu Salabikh tablet, dated to the mid-third millennium BC, is the oldest extant copy, and the numerous surviving copies attest to its continued popularity within the Sumerian/Akkadian literary canons.
Counsels in the three conjoined lists are pithy, occupying one to three lines of cuneiform. Some counsel is purely practical: "You should not locate a field on a road; ... You should not make a well in your field: people will cause damage on it for you." (lines 15–18). Moral precepts are followed by the negative practical results of transgression: "You should not play around with a married young woman: the slander could be serious." (lines 32–34). Community opinion and the possibility of slander (line 35) play a major role, whether the valued opinion of "the courtyard" (line 62) or the less valued opinion of the marketplace, where "insults and stupid speaking receive the attention of the land." (line 142).
The "Instructions" contain precepts that reflect those later included in the Ten Commandments, and other sayings that are reflected in the biblical Book of Proverbs.

</doc>
<doc id="19412160" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19412160" title="Joey Altman">
Joey Altman

Joey Altman is an American chef, restaurateur, TV host and writer.
Personal History.
Altman grew up in the Catskills in New York, where his mother worked at Grossinger's Catskill Resort Hotel. As a child he wanted to be a magician, a stunt man, musician or an actor. 
He earned a degree in hotel and restaurant management at the Sullivan County Community College in New York.
Altman is an avid blues guitarist, performing with the all-chef band "Back Burner Blues" for charity events. He is married, has three children, and lives in San Francisco.
Career.
He trained under Chef Bernard Constantin at the Hotel Larivoire in Lyon, France and also for Jean Brouilly at Tarare in Britany. He worked for Bob Kincaide at the Harvest Restaurant in Cambridge, Massachusetts. In 1985 he moved to New Orleans, Louisiana to work for Emeril Lagasse at Commander's Palace.
In San Francisco he worked for Jeremiah Tower at Stars and Taxi, and also served as a private chef at music promoter Bill Graham's concert venues, before gaining prominence as the opening chef at Miss Pearl's Jam House, a popular restaurant at the Phoenix Hotel in San Francisco's Tenderloin District. He owned and ran Wild Hare Restaurant in Menlo Park, California from 1999 to 2003.
Beginning in 2002 Altman was spokesman for Diageo Chateau & Estate Wines, a wine division of Diageo.
Television career.
Altman has hosted a number of television food shows. At the Food Network he hosted "Appetite for Adventure", which demonstrated outdoor travel cooking, and "Tasting Napa", a travelogue. He was the host of "What’s Cooking with Joey Altman" on Shop at Home Network. In 1998 he launched the long-running "Bay Cafe", which features on-location and in-studio cooking demonstrations with guest chefs from around the San Francisco Bay Area, California.

</doc>
<doc id="19412163" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19412163" title="Estadio Coatzacoalcos">
Estadio Coatzacoalcos

Estadio Costzacoalcos, will be a multi-use venue in Coatzacoalcos, Veracruz, Mexico. It will be used mostly for football matches and will host the home matches of Coatzacoalcos, a club who are currently playing in the Primera Division A, in Mexico.

</doc>
<doc id="19412166" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19412166" title="1995 New York Giants season">
1995 New York Giants season

The 1995 New York Giants season was the 71st season for the club in the National Football League. The Giants finished in fourth place in the National Football Conference East Division with a 5–11 record.
During one notable game at the end of the season, against the San Diego Chargers, Giants fans threw snowballs onto the field throughout the contest. The actions at the "Snowball Game" resulted in the ejections of 175 fans from Giants Stadium and 15 arrests; San Diego posted a 27–17 victory. 

</doc>
<doc id="19412167" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19412167" title="Henry Beaufort (disambiguation)">
Henry Beaufort (disambiguation)

Henry Beaufort may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19412173" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19412173" title="Kabahigoth">
Kabahigoth

Kabahigoth is a town and Village Development Committee in Bara District in the Narayani Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3,564 persons living in 588 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19412185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19412185" title="Kabahijabdi">
Kabahijabdi

Kabahijabdi is a town and Village Development Committee in Bara District in the Narayani Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3,794.

</doc>
<doc id="19412211" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19412211" title="Self representation">
Self representation

Self representation may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19412217" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19412217" title="Kachorwa">
Kachorwa

Kachorwa is a town and Village Development Committee in Bara District in the Narayani Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 8,208 persons living in 1410 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19412225" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19412225" title="Harry Thomas (bishop)">
Harry Thomas (bishop)

Harry Thomas was the Bishop of Taunton from 1945 until his death a decade later. Born in 1897 and educated at Oriel College, Oxford he was ordained in 1924. He was a Lecturer at Ely Theological College and then Archdeacon of Brisbane. An Anglo Catholic he was taken ill in the summer of 1955 and died in hospital on 8 July 1955.

</doc>
<doc id="19412228" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19412228" title="Kakadi">
Kakadi

Kakadi is a town and Village Development Committee in Bara District in the Narayani Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2,808 persons living in 482 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19412230" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19412230" title="William Bertram Turrill">
William Bertram Turrill

William Bertram Turrill FRS OBE (14 June 1890 - 15 December 1961) was an English botanist. 
Education.
He was born in Woodstock, Oxfordshire to William Banbury and Thirza Mary (née Homan) Turrill and educated at the Woodstock National School. 
Career.
Turrill worked in the Royal Botanic Gardens at Kew and was responsible for many innovations including a mathematical classification of leaf shapes.
Awards and honours.
Turrill received the Order of the British Empire in 1955 and the gold medal of the Linnean Society in 1958. He was elected a Fellow of the Royal Society in March 1958 as someone: 
This botanist is denoted by the author abbreviation Turrill when citing a botanical name.
Personal life.
He married Florence Homan in 1918.

</doc>
<doc id="19412248" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19412248" title="Karaiya, Narayani">
Karaiya, Narayani

Karaiya is a town and Village Development Committee in Bara District in the Narayani Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3,421 persons residing in 623 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19412256" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19412256" title="Khopawa">
Khopawa

Khopawa is a town and Village Development Committee in Bara District in the Narayani Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3,162 persons living in 587 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19412263" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19412263" title="Khutwajabdi">
Khutwajabdi

Khutwajabdi is a town and Village Development Committee in Bara District in the Narayani Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2,935 persons living in 484 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19412271" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19412271" title="Kolhabi">
Kolhabi

Kolhabi is a town and Village Development Committee in Bara District in the Narayani Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4,637 persons living in 746 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19412276" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19412276" title="Janet Mahoney">
Janet Mahoney

Janet Mahoney is a British actress who has appeared in film, theatre and television roles. She appeared in the several films, including "Doctor in Trouble", "Mutiny on the Buses" and "Carry On Loving". Her London stage roles included "Carry on London", "Cockie!", "Anything Goes", "The Maid of the Mountains", "Ann Veronica", "Come Spy with Me", and "Irene". She was also in episodes of the television series Dad's Army and Up Pompeii!.*

</doc>
<doc id="19412279" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19412279" title="Kudawa">
Kudawa

Kudawa is a village and Village Development Committee in Bara District in the Narayani Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2,352 persons living in 365 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19412280" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19412280" title="Wang Ke">
Wang Ke

Wang Ke (Chinese:王珂) (born August 31, 1983 in Qingdao) is a Chinese football player.
Club career.
Shanghai Shenhua.
Wang Ke began his career with Shanghai Shenhua playing for the youth team and graduated to the senior team in 2000. During his time with the youth team he was selected to play in São Paulo football club youth team and was teammates with Kaka. While at Shanghai Shenhua he spent several seasons gradually establishing himself as a regular within the team and would even win the 2003 league title with the team. While he spent several further seasons with the team he would struggle to establish himself as a first team starter and after eight seasons he was allowed to leave the club.
Beijing Guoan.
He would transfer to Beijing Guoan at the beginning of the 2008 league season for a fee of 1,400,000 RMB. As with Shanghai Shenhua and despite being predominately a right midfielder he spent much of his time as a substitute where he has come in to play a variety of midfield positions. While this would see him be part of the squad that went on to win the 2009 Chinese Super League title, Wang never went further than being a squad player within the team and was released at the end of the 2010 league campaign.
Honours.
Shanghai Shenhua
Beijing Guoan

</doc>
<doc id="19412283" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19412283" title="Boxing Match; or, Glove Contest">
Boxing Match; or, Glove Contest

Boxing Match; or, Glove Contest is an 1896 British short black-and-white silent documentary film, produced and directed by Birt Acres for exhibition on Robert W. Paul's peep show Kinetoscopes, featuring a staged boxing match between Sergeant-Instructor Barrett and Sergeant Pope with a round, an interval and a knockout. The film was considered lost until footage from an 1896 Fairground Programme, originally shown in a portable booth at Hull Fair by Midlands photographer George Williams, donated to the National Fairground Archive was identified as being from this film.
Current status.
Given its age, this short film is available to freely download from the Internet.

</doc>
<doc id="19412284" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19412284" title="Nicolas Dikoumé">
Nicolas Dikoumé

Nicolas Dikoumé (born November 21, 1973 in Yaoundé) is a former professional Cameroonian footballer, who last playing for Canon Yaoundé.
Career.
In 2005 after two seasons in Cyprus and seven seasons in Greece, he came he back to his home club Canon Yaoundé.

</doc>
<doc id="19412290" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19412290" title="Laxmipur Kotwali">
Laxmipur Kotwali

Laxmipur Kotwali is a village and Village Development Committee in Bara District in the Narayani Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2,372 persons living in 382 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19412303" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19412303" title="Lipanimal">
Lipanimal

Lipanimal is a town and Village Development Committee in Bara District in the Narayani Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4,177 persons living in 628 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19412307" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19412307" title="Louis Timothee">
Louis Timothee

Louis Timothee or Lewis Timothy was a prominent Colonial American printer in the Colonies of Pennsylvania and South Carolina, who worked for Benjamin Franklin. He was the first American librarian.
Early life.
Timothy was born in Holland to French Huguenot parents who lived in Rotterdam because his parents left France to get away from religious persecution. As a young man in the Netherlands he learned printing from his father. 
Timothy, with his wife, Elizabeth, and four sons, moved to British America in 1731. He took the Oath of Allegiance to King George II at Philadelphia upon arrival on 21 September 1731, as was required of all male immigrants to British America. 
Timothy was fluent in German, French, and English as well as his native tongue, Dutch. The month after arriving in Philadelphia, Timothy advertised in the "Pennsylvania Gazette" his intention to open a "Publick French School; he will also, if required, teach the said language to any young gentlemen or ladies, at their Lodgings."
Timothy advertised for work in Benjamin Franklin's "Pennsylvania Gazette" initially and got a job as a French teacher. He got acquainted with Franklin in Philadelphia because of his printing skills and started working for him, learning to publish a newspaper. His first attempt at a newspaper was the German-language "Philadelphische Zeitung." It came out in the spring of 1732 and failed within a year. After that Timothy was the printer for the "Pennsylvania Gazette," owned by Franklin. Franklin was impressed by Timothy's work, so on 26 November 1733 Franklin entered into a six-year contract with him; Franklin would furnish printing equipment for publishing the floundering "South Carolina Gazette" weekly newspaper in Charleston, South Carolina. Timothy was to publish the newspaper and pay back over six years the expenses Franklin furnished up front. The previous editor, Thomas Whitmarsh, died of yellow fever in 1733; his predecessor died in 1731. Timothy did well as the newspaper publisher and became the official "public printer" and postmaster for the colony of South Carolina. Timothy expanded his printing business to an assortment of jobs, including books and pamphlets. In this period Timothy's son Peter was beginning apprenticeship in his father's print shop. The Franklin-Timothy agreement was that Franklin was to provide the printing typefonts and the press. Franklin also agreed to pay one-third of the maintenance costs; in return he was to receive one-third of the profits. The agreement also provided that Peter would have the printing business in the event of his father's untimely death.
Mid life.
Timothy's printing career started just following the departure for Carolina of Thomas Whitmarsh, a journeyman in Benjamin Franklin's printing business, whom Franklin funded as a silent partner when Whitmarsh began the "South-Carolina Gazette" in Charleston. Franklin had an opening for a journeyman in his Philadelphia shop in 1733. Timothy had linguistic abilities and was knowledgeable in the printing trade. Franklin decided to hire Timothy based on these talents since he needed a new printer partner right away. To avoid tipping off his competitors with whom Franklin exchanged other newspapers of Charles Towne printers, Franklin never announced Whitmarsh's death in the "Pennsylvania Gazette", but just went ahead and hired Timothy as his replacement.
Franklin hired Timothy by November 1733 on almost the same terms that Whitmarsh had with him as a partner. Timothy probably was already working in Franklin's shop by February 1732. Since Timothy was fluent in German, soon after he was working at Franklin's shop in 1732 Timothy translated into English for publication a lengthy German letter. He had done such a good job at this Franklin shortly afterward assigned Timothy responsibility for a short-lived German-language newspaper. 
In 1732 also Franklin arranged for Timothy to serve as a part-time librarian for the Library Company of Philadelphia, one of Franklin's first philanthropic projects. Franklin started the library July 1, 1731. There was no librarian until November 14, 1732, when Timothy was hired as the first salaried librarian in the American colonies. He was paid three pounds sterling every trimester. He worked every Wednesday from two to three o'clock and every Saturday from ten to four.
Later life and death.
Timothy arranged with Benjamin Franklin to revive the "South Carolina Gazette" weekly newspaper. He went to Charleston by himself in the later part of 1733. He started publishing the newspaper on 2 February 1734. Timothy followed later from Philadelphia and went to Charleston in the spring of 1734. She came to Charleston with her six children, four of which were children born in the Netherlands. This was the year Timothy anglicized his name to "Lewis Timothy", being three years after arriving to America.
In Franklin's Philadelphia shop Timothy continued Whitmarsh's practice of reprinting essays encouraging people to be optimistic and virtuous. One day in 1738 Timothy informed his readers that his publication of a pamphlet was delayed "by reason of Sicknes, myself and Son having been visited with this Fever, that reigns at present, so that neither of us hath been capable for some time of working much at the Press." Timothy died two months after this announcement. He may have contracted the deadly yellow fever, but there are no records to show this for sure. In fact on January 4, 1739, the "South-Carolina Gazette" noted that the cause of his death was "an unhappy accident." 
Timothy had anticipated the likelihood of his own demise because three previous South Carolina printers had died soon after arriving in the colony. He had put in a special clause inserted in the Franklin partnership contract that his eldest son Peter could succeed him if he prematurely died. Peter was just thirteen years old when Timothy died. He was then training as an apprentice with his father, however was too inexperienced yet to take over the business. Franklin agreed to take on Elizabeth Timothy, the wife of Timothy, as a partner until Peter was capable of running the shop. When Elizabeth became Franklin's printer partner she had six children. Peter took over a portion of the " South-Carolina Gazette " newspaper publication in 1740 and the complete printing business in 1746 that included the newspaper and printing of government works as the official "public printer" for the colony of South Carolina. When Peter was twenty-one years old he took over the partnership his father had with Franklin and worked closely with Franklin for over the next thirty years.
Works.
"The South Carolina Gazette" newspaper of 2 February 1734 is a work attributed to Timothy:

</doc>
<doc id="19412316" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19412316" title="Madhurijabdi">
Madhurijabdi

Madhurijabdi is a village and Village Development Committee in Bara District in the Narayani Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2,186 persons living in 383 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19412324" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19412324" title="Mahendra Adarsha">
Mahendra Adarsha

Mahendra Adarsha is a town and Village Development Committee in Bara District in the Narayani Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3,563 persons living in 655 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19412328" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19412328" title="Eugene A. Rodriguez">
Eugene A. Rodriguez

Eugene A. Rodriguez (November 14, 1916 – October 23, 1996) was a Cuban-born jockey in American Thoroughbred horse racing.
Born in Matanzas, Cuba, Rodriguez began his career in racing at Oriental Park in Havana, a racetrack which in 1980 would induct him in their Hall of Fame. After emigrating to the United States, he competed at racetracks in California where he won a riding title at Del Mar Racetrack in 1940. He went on to race in New York State, New Jersey, Florida as well as in Toronto, Canada during the latter part of the 1950s. In Toronto he won a number of stakes races at Woodbine Racetrack and the autumn 1956 riding title at Greenwood Raceway.
Rodriguez notably was aboard the future Canadian Horse Racing Hall of Fame colt Canadian Champ for his wins in the 1956 Seagram Cup and the Breeders' Stakes.

</doc>
<doc id="19412337" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19412337" title="Maheshpur, Narayani">
Maheshpur, Narayani

Maheshpur is a town and Village Development Committee in Bara District in the Narayani Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3,621 persons residing in 640 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19412343" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19412343" title="2009 Chinese Super League">
2009 Chinese Super League

The 2009 Chinese Super League season was the sixth season since the establishment of the Chinese Super League, the sixteenth season of a professional football league and the 48th top-tier league season in China. Beijing Guoan won their first ever Chinese Super League title.
The events during the 2008 season saw Liaoning relegated and Wuhan withdrawn. They were replaced by the promoted teams Jiangsu Sainty and Chongqing Lifan. Zhejiang Greentown which is located in Hangzhou, Zhejiang were renamed to Hangzhou Greentown. 
Each team is allowed to register a maximum of five foreign players and field four of them in starting line-up this season, one of whom must be from an AFC country.
The league title sponsor is Italian tire manufacturer Pirelli. A three-year deal was announced on March 20, 2009. Nike have renewed sponsorship deal with Super League before season starts. CCTV, SMG and Sina became league partners and will broadcast live matches on TV and online across the country.
H1N1 flu pandemic.
Chongqing Lifan reported a 8-player and 3-crew infection of H1N1 flu virus on 10 September. Its matches in Round 22, 23 and 24 were postponed by Chinese FA. 

</doc>
<doc id="19412348" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19412348" title="Maini, Nepal">
Maini, Nepal

Maini is a village and Village Development Committee in Bara District in the Narayani Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2,469 persons living in 355 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19412352" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19412352" title="F. W. Woolworth Building (Wilmington, Delaware)">
F. W. Woolworth Building (Wilmington, Delaware)

The F. W. Woolworth Company Building is a historic department store building located in downtown Wilmington, Delaware.
History.
From 1940 to 1997, the F. W. Woolworth Company operated the store, this location being one of the last to close. The building then housed a Happy Harry's drug store and pharmacy for several years until that company was purchased by Walgreens in 2007. Walgreens continues to operate the acquired Happy Harry's stores, including the Market Street store, under the Happy Harry's name. The building was purchased by a subsidiary of BPG Property Group in 2008 who now leases the location back to Walgreens.
Architecture.
Designed by company architect H. W. Stakes, the art deco building uses steel frame construction with a masonry curtain wall. The facade on the 2nd and 3rd stories displays alternating peach and cream vertical stripes of terra cotta tile with lotus motifs. The building has a grey medallion with a raised "W" on the chamfered corner on 9th and Market.
When a Woolworth's store, the interior had two sales floors, the current ground floor and the bargain basement. The escalators to the basement floor are still visible in the store.
In 1959, Woolworth added a third story which appeared in the original blue prints. BPG has plans to renovate the building's upper floors and to add an additional two stories to the building for use as apartments.
Location.
The building stands at the shopping intersection of 9th and Market streets a block off Rodney Square at the heart of the central business district. Woolworths also operated another store four blocks away at 504 Market Street. That second location now houses the Delaware History Museum.

</doc>
<doc id="19412354" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19412354" title="1996 New York Giants season">
1996 New York Giants season

The 1996 New York Giants season was the 72nd season for the club in the National Football League. With a 6–10 record, the Giants finished in last place in the National Football Conference East Division.

</doc>
<doc id="19412363" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19412363" title="Majhariya">
Majhariya

Majhariya is a village and Village Development Committee in Bara District in the Narayani Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2,524 persons living in 435 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19412376" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19412376" title="Conflict of Interest (disambiguation)">
Conflict of Interest (disambiguation)

Conflict of Interest may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19412382" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19412382" title="Qarahəsənli">
Qarahəsənli

Qarahəsənli or Karagasanli or Karagasanly may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19412384" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19412384" title="Manaharwa">
Manaharwa

Manaharwa is a town and Village Development Committee in Bara District in the Narayani Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 5,676 persons living in 947 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19412391" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19412391" title="Matiarwa">
Matiarwa

Matiarwa is a town and Village Development Committee in Bara District in the Narayani Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3,776 persons living in 558 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19412403" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19412403" title="Motisar">
Motisar

Motisar is a village and Village Development Committee in Bara District in the Narayani Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2,633 persons living in 399 individual households.
There is no proper hospital facility in this village and consequently because maternity and child death rates are high. Sri Narayan Sah was the first man to pass 10th class 2028BS with third division. His is the son of the late Moti Sah. It is said that the name of village comes from his name "Moti".
References.
motisar is a vdc which consist 6 (small)villages. Most of the houses in the village are built of brick and have red tiled roofs.
there are many cast staying in this village. on the south side of this village one small Lake is available. 
there are two temples in this village one is situated on west side(RAMJANKI MANDIR) and other one is situated on south side of this village(SHIVA MANDIR).
Here most of the people are Educated. The majority of villages live on agriculture. All villagers are very friendly and helpful.
It is situated between Kalaiya and Birgunj City.
External links.
The villege consist of quite intermingled educated, literate and illeterate people. In past, the name must have been derived from the garden of Bramha ji which is called "motisar".

</doc>
<doc id="19412415" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19412415" title="Naktuwa">
Naktuwa

Naktuwa is a village and Village Development Committee in Bara District in the Narayani Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2,219 persons living in 345 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19412425" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19412425" title="87.8 FM">
87.8 FM

This is a list of radio stations that broadcast on FM frequency 87.8 MHz:

</doc>
<doc id="19412426" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19412426" title="Narahi">
Narahi

Narahi is a town and Village Development Committee in Bara District in the Narayani Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3,299 persons living in 572 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19412433" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19412433" title="Nijgadh">
Nijgadh

Nijgadh is a town and Village Development Committee in Bara District in the Narayani Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 2011 Nepal Census it had a population of 19614 (male - 9,525 and female - 10,089) persons living in 3982 individual households.
The town has been targeted as a site for an international airport that can handle 15 million passengers and even accommodate the super-jumbo Airbus A380 after the first phase of construction. As of April 2011, a feasibility study of the report was completed. The report stated that the airport would cover 3,000 hectares of land- 2,000 hectares for airport and remaining for airport city.
References.
http://nijgadh.com/archives/1

</doc>
<doc id="19412437" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19412437" title="88.0 FM">
88.0 FM

This is a list of radio stations that broadcast on FM frequency 88.0 MHz:

</doc>
<doc id="19412441" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19412441" title="Hollywood (video game)">
Hollywood (video game)

Hollywood is a creative writing game released in 1995 by Theatrix Interactive. Users input text and can watch the characters read it. The game features a choice of 24 scenes and multiple cartoon animal characters. Having been released for more than a decade and its original developer defunct, this software is now considered abandonware.
"Hollywood" features ten cartoon characters:
Users may change the voices, names, and jobs/interests of the characters.
When "Hollywood" and "Hollywood High" were installed on the same computer, the two could be combined by using a key received by calling Theatrix after launching the "Unlock Hollywood" program; however, since the developer is now defunct, this feature is no longer available.
Hollywood won the 1996 "Excellence in Software" award for Best Home Creativity Software Program.

</doc>
<doc id="19412444" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19412444" title="Pakadiya Chikani">
Pakadiya Chikani

Pakadiya Chikani is a village and Village Development Committee in Bara District in the Narayani Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2,980 persons living in 473 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19412446" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19412446" title="Pat Collins (showman)">
Pat Collins (showman)

Patrick Collins (12 May 1859 - 9 December 1943) was a Liberal MP for Walsall (1922–1924) and Mayor of Walsall (1938), but is chiefly remembered for his involvement in the fairground industry. His name remains in the company "Pat Collins Funfairs". He was also an early presenter of moving pictures both in travelling shows and cinemas. At one point he was running 4 separate fairs a week as well as owning 13 cinemas and some skating rinks.
Life.
Collins was born 12 May 1859 on a fairground in Chester, one of 5 children of John Collins an agricultural labourer of Irish descent. He went to St. Werburgh Catholic School in Chester but left at the age of ten to go travelling with his family. He had two wives, Flora Ross (married 1880, died 1933) and Clara Mullett, who was his secretary. They married in 1934 and she survived him. Flora gave him a son, Patrick Ross Collins (born 7 March 1886) who continued the business. Pat Collins Ltd was created in 1899, when he had established a round of fairs in the Black Country based on traditional holidays or 'Wakes' from August to October.
He was President of the Showmen's Guild of Great Britain from 1920 to 1929. He lived in Bloxwich in the borough of Walsall, where he became a Liberal Councillor in 1918, an Alderman in 1930, and Mayor of Walsall in 1938. In 1939 he was made a Freeman of the Borough of Walsall. He also won a place as Liberal MP for Walsall in the 1922 General Election, retaining his seat in the 1923 elections but losing it in the 1924 general election to a Conservative, W. Preston.
He died at his home in Bloxwich in December 1943, aged 84, and was buried in the cemetery there.

</doc>
<doc id="19412447" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19412447" title="87.6 FM">
87.6 FM

This is a list of radio stations that broadcast on FM frequency 87.6 MHz:

</doc>
<doc id="19412453" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19412453" title="Paparpati Ek">
Paparpati Ek

Paparpati Ek is a village and Village Development Committee in Bara District in the Narayani Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2,106 persons living in 314 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19412456" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19412456" title="88.6 FM">
88.6 FM

This is a list of radio stations that broadcast on FM frequency 88.6 MHz:

</doc>
<doc id="19412466" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19412466" title="Paparpati Jabdi">
Paparpati Jabdi

Paparpati Jabdi is a village and Village Development Committee in Bara District in the Narayani Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2,617.

</doc>
<doc id="19412467" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19412467" title="97.4 FM">
97.4 FM

This is a list of radio stations that broadcast on FM frequency 97.4 MHz:
In Australia
In China

</doc>
<doc id="19412473" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19412473" title="Parsurampur">
Parsurampur

Parsurampur is a village and Village Development Committee in Bara District in the Narayani Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2,403 persons living in 377 individual households.
References.
it is the undeveloped village in bara district
80% muslim are there in this village...

</doc>
<doc id="19412478" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19412478" title="Paterwa, Narayani">
Paterwa, Narayani

Paterwa is a village and Village Development Committee in Bara District in the Narayani Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2,463 persons living in 465 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19412480" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19412480" title="Sid C. Attard">
Sid C. Attard

Sid C. Attard (born September 29, 1950, Birkirkara, Malta) is a Canada-based thoroughbred horse racing trainer. Members of his family emigrated to Canada in the 1960s, and his older brothers Joseph and Tino became racehorse trainers. Larry became one of the top jockeys in the country and a member of the Canadian Horse Racing Hall of Fame.
A trainer since 1977, Attard is based at Toronto's Woodbine Racetrack, where he has led all trainers in wins four times. On December 6, 2008 he won his 1,600th career race with Forever Gleaming. On November 14/2010 he won his 1,700th career race in the Autumn Stakes with Stunning Stag. In February 2011, the "Brampton Guardian" announced that Sid would be a 2011 inductee of the Brampton Sports Hall Of Fame. 
A resident of Bramalea, Ontario, Attard and his wife Janice have three children. Their sons Paul and Jamie have followed in their father's footsteps and are trainers at Woodbine Racetrack. 

</doc>
<doc id="19412482" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19412482" title="Empress Bianca">
Empress Bianca

Empress Bianca, the first novel by Lady Colin Campbell, was initially published in June 2005. One month later, Arcadia Books Ltd, the British publisher, withdrew the book and pulped all unsold copies in reaction to a legal threat intiated on behalf of Lily Safra under her interpretation that the book was a defamatory roman à clef. After some changes the book was republished in the United States in 2008 by Dynasty Press.
Plot.
Bianca Barrett, the protagonist and daughter of a Welsh Surveyor and his Palestinian wife, becomes an "ambitious and mercenary" social climber and double murderess. Charming and well educated, Bianca marries four times and advances in wealth and social influence. With Bernardo, her first husband, Bianca has three children; they lose their son in a tragic car accident. After a divorce, she marries the rich Fredie whose family owns the Piedraplata commercial empire. Before it comes to a divorce, the second husband is shot and killed by a hitman who makes it look like a suicide. The killing is arranged by her lover, Phillipe Mahfud, and Bianca becomes the financial beneficiary. After a brief marriage to husband number three, – she had married him only to make Mahfud jealous-, she lastly marries Mahfud, a superrich Iraqi businessman and banker. When their relationship sours, the banker dies with his nurse in a mysterious fire in his apartment in the tax haven of Andorra. Bianca's lawyers pay off the police and investigators, and the only justice that remains is in the court of public opinion.
Pulping of first release.
In July 2005, Lily Safra claimed that her life had been "stolen" by the book and had her lawyer, Anthony Julius, demand that the publisher should recall the book and destroy the copies. Julius' letter indicated that Safra "regarded the book as defamatory". As English defamation law puts the burden of proof on the defendant, Arcadia Books complied indicating that they were too small a company to fight the looming legal battle. Copies already in circulation became valuable collector's items. The author, however, denied that she had used Safra's life as a template and claimed that it was based on characters of her own family, including her cousin Blanche, a double murderess. A countersuit ensued with Lady Campbell demanding compensation for lost income. She did not prevail. She was, however, able to rerelease the book in the United States after addressing the 17 specific issues that had been seen as pointing to Safra. With changes described as minor but legally important – for instance, Barret now growing up in Mexico (not South America), her mother is Palestinian (not Jewish), and her last husband Iraqi (not Lebanese) – the book was published a second time preserving story, plot, incidents, and dialogue in 2008.
Elin Nordegren.
The book has been cited as having affected Elin Nordegren, as Nordegren appears concerned on reading how children can be cut-off from the wealth of a divorcing parent, in her case Tiger Woods.

</doc>
<doc id="19412483" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19412483" title="Longplay Album – Volume II">
Longplay Album – Volume II

Longplay Album – Volume II was the second album by the Dutch soundalike studio group Stars on 45, released on the CNR Records label in The Netherlands in August 1981. In the US the album was retitled "Stars On Long Play II", released on Radio Records and credited to 'Stars On'. In the UK, Ireland, Australia and New Zealand the album was listed as "Stars on 45 Volume 2" or "Stars on 45 - The Album - Volume 2", credited to Starsound and issued on CBS Records. Just like the first Stars on 45 album "Longplay Album – Volume II" was also officially released in the Soviet Union and the Eastern Bloc by state-owned label Melodiya, credited to Stars On 45 but under the title "Discotheque Stars 2".
Information.
The second Stars On 45 single in Europe was entitled "More Stars" and was a five-minute medley of eight hits by ABBA ("Voulez-Vous"/"SOS"/"Bang-A-Boomerang"/"Money Money Money"/"Knowing Me, Knowing You"/"Fernando"/"The Winner Takes It All"/"Super Trouper") coupled with a reworked version of the "Stars On 45 Theme" which became another UK #2 hit and indeed a Top 10 hit single in most parts of Europe. The eleven-minute 12" mix of "More Stars" however opened with another medley which combined excerpts from 60's and 70s hits mainly from the soul, R&B and folk rock genres; The Temptations' "Papa Was a Rolling Stone", Sly & the Family Stone's "Dance to the Music", The Rubettes' "Sugar Baby Love", The Flower Pot Men's "Let's Go to San Francisco", America's "A Horse with No Name", The Mamas & the Papas' "Monday, Monday" and "California Dreaming", Scott McKenzie's "San Francisco (Be Sure to Wear Flowers in Your Hair)", Barry McGuire's "Eve of Destruction", Smokey Robinson & The Miracles' "Tears of a Clown", The Supremes' "Stop! In The Name of Love", Neil Diamond's "Cracklin Rosie", Manfred Mann's "Do Wah Diddy Diddy", The Toys' "A Lover's Concerto", Four Tops' "Reach Out I'll Be There" and finally Simon & Garfunkel's "The Sound of Silence". In the US where ABBA's popularity wasn't on the same scale as in Europe or most other parts of the world at the time, Radio Records instead chose the first part of the medley, starting with "Papa Was A Rolling Stone", and released it as the follow-up to the second Beatles medley, but under the same title; "More Stars". The 12" mix of "More Stars", or "Stars On 45 Volume 2" as it was renamed in the U.K., was the same on both sides of the Atlantic.
For the creation of the second Stars On 45 full-length release producer Jaap Eggermont repeated the process from the previous album by dividing the 12" mix of "More Stars" into two parts. The ABBA medley was extended with another six titles and placed on Side B followed by a seven minute extended version of the "More Stars" single's B-side "'45 Stars Get Ready", written by Eggermont himself and musical arranger Martin Duiser and featured an entirely new instrumental part which later on would be released as the B-side of "Volume III" ("Star Wars and Other Hits") and would be renamed "Stars On Theme".
The soul/R&B/folk rock part of the 12" "More Stars" medley was placed as track two on Side A, with two of the titles, the Motown hits "Tears of A Clown" and "Stop! In The Name of Love" reshuffled and moved to the end and thus musically connecting with the newly recorded "Supremes Medley". The European editions of "Longplay Album – Volume II" listed these as two separate medleys on the album covers but they had in fact been re-edited into one non-stop track with a total running time of 12:35 and was listed as such on the US edition. Despite the fact that the "Supremes Medley" appears on a number of "best of" compilations with Stars On 45 it was never issued as a single in either Europe or the US or anywhere else because Motown Records in 1981 seized the opportunity and re-issued the 1977 medley "The Diana Ross and The Supremes Medley of Hits" which featured six original Supremes recordings overdubbed with a similar disco arrangement. The Stars on 45 "Supremes Medley" consequently remained an album track.
The opening title "Star Wars and Other Hits" (on the US edition renamed "Introductions" and placed as the closing track on Side A) strung together an assortment of instrumental intros to songs from a wide variety of genres, from well-known movie themes like "Star Wars" and "The Good, the Bad and the Ugly", TV sitcom themes like "M.A.S.H. (Suicide Is Painless)", the main theme from Jeff Wayne's musical version of "The War of the Worlds", the overture from The Who's musical "Tommy", 60's and 70's hits like The Everly Brothers "The Sun Ain't Gonna Shine Anymore", The Stylistics' "I Can't Give You Anything (But My Love)", Derek and the Dominoes' "Layla"(*), Free's "All Right Now", The Pointer Sisters' "Fire" and Gerry Rafferty's "Baker Street", disco hits like Carl Douglas' "Kung Fu Fighting", Rod Stewart's "Da Ya Think I'm Sexy", Boney M.'s "Ma Baker"(*) (featuring an uncredited spoken cameo by Dutch-American DJ Adam Curry), Village People's "Y.M.C.A.", Michael Jackson's "Don't Stop 'Til You Get Enough"(*) and Foxy's "Get Off" right up to Kim Carnes' "Bette Davis Eyes"(*) which had been a #1 hit in the US and most other parts of the world only a few months earlier. The intros medley was released as the third Stars On 45 single in Europe in late 1981 under the title "Volume III" (in the U.K. as "Stars on 45 Volume 3" by Starsound) and became their third UK Top 20 hit, peaking at #17. Unlike the two previous 12" releases with Stars On 45 it did not feature additional tracks, but had an extended break combining the Stars On 45 theme song with Foxy's "Get Off". The 12" version lists 5:57, 47 seconds longer than the album version. The B-side was entitled "Stars On Theme", an alternate mix of an instrumental part from the album version of "'45 Stars Get Ready", and expanded with the same extended break that featured on the A-side of Volume III, including the reference to Foxy's "Get Off".
(*) = not included on the US release "Introductions".
The "Longplay Album – Volume II"/"Stars On Long Play II"/"Stars On 45 Volume 2" album in its entirety and in its original form, even as the 12" version for part 3 and the B-sides remain unreleased on CD.
Track listing.
Side A.
1. "Star Wars and Other Hits" (UK title: "The Instrumental Medley") - 5:10 
2. "More Stars" (UK title: "The 60's Medley") - 6:10
3. "The Supremes Medley" - 6:25 
"All tracks written by Holland-Dozier-Holland unless otherwise noted"
Side B.
1. "ABBA Medley" - 8:30
"All tracks written by Benny Andersson and Björn Ulvaeus unless otherwise noted" 
2. "'45 Stars Get Ready" (Eggermont, Duiser) - 7:08
U.S. edition.
Side A.
1. "More Stars" ("More Stars" + "The Supremes Medley", edited version) - 12:10
2. "Introductions" ("Star Wars And Other Hits", edited version) - 4:25
Side B.
1. "Stars Again" ("ABBA Medley", as above) - 8:30
2. "'45 Stars Get Ready" (as above) - 7:08

</doc>
<doc id="19412490" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19412490" title="2008 Hansol Korea Open – Singles">
2008 Hansol Korea Open – Singles

Venus Williams was the defending champion, but chose not to participate that year.
Maria Kirilenko won in the final 2–6, 6–1, 6–4, against Samantha Stosur.

</doc>
<doc id="19412492" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19412492" title="Eetion (disambiguation)">
Eetion (disambiguation)

Eëtion may refer to:
In "Greek mythology":
In "Greek history":
In "biology":

</doc>
<doc id="19412497" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19412497" title="Anthony Nunziato">
Anthony Nunziato

Anthony "Tony" Nunziato is the Republican, Independence and Conservative Parties' candidate for the New York State Assembly in the 30th District, which includes the neighborhoods of Maspeth and Woodside, and portions of Middle Village, Astoria, Sunnyside and Long Island City in Queens.
Born and raised in Woodside, Queens, Tony Nunziato graduated from St. Sebastian grammar school and Power Memorial Academy and studied business at St. John’s University. At the age of 24, Tony became a partner in a Manhattan floral business, where he catered to clients who included Frank Sinatra, Barry Manilow, Luciano Pavarotti and others.
By the time he reached his late twenties, Tony had moved to the neighboring community of Maspeth and started his own establishment, Enchanted Florist & Greenhouse, Ltd. Tony was soon elected President of the Metropolitan Retail Florist Association, and was appointed to the Board of Trustees for the New York Florist Club.
Tony recently celebrated a quarter century of running Enchanted Florist. However, managing a successful business in the community is only one example of his leadership skills. For over 27 years, Tony has been an energetic and dedicated community activist. Tony was a member of Queens Community Board 5 for 10 years where he served as Chair of the Environmental Committee. He served as President of Maspeth Town Hall where he oversaw the reconstruction of its historic building. Tony has also served as President of Maspeth Kiwanis, Vice President of Maspeth Chamber of Commerce, Chair of the Maspeth-Middle Village Task Force, co-founder of Newtown Historical Society, Chair of the Republican County Committee 30th Assembly District, member of the Board of Directors of Queensboro UNICO, member of the Executive Board of the Juniper Park Civic Association, Third Degree of the Knights of Columbus; a member of the Loyal Order of Moose and an honorary member of the Veterans of the Ninth Regiment.
Tony led the fight that resulted in the $18 million cleanup of the old Phelps Dodge site. He worked with his close friend and mentor, Frank Principe, to develop the Grand Avenue Truck Bypass Plan to unclog traffic on Grand Avenue in Maspeth. Tony fought against all odds for the conversion of the Elmhurst Gas Tanks site into a community park, which is slated to open in 2010. He continues to work on the revitalization of Grand Avenue by way of more street lights, a greener streetscape and terracing the Long Island Expressway to reduce noise pollution and car exhaust. Tony is now also helping to plan the reconstruction of the Kosciuszko Bridge (New York City).
Tony continues to fight against overdevelopment on many fronts. He has been calling on the Department of City Planning to downzone Maspeth and Middle Village. He has been fighting illegal construction such as the infamous “Huang House” on Mazeau Street in Maspeth, which the developer was forced to partially dismantle. He is the most vocal critic of a planned cell tower in a residential neighborhood in Maspeth. While the plan has already been scaled back, Tony continues to fight it. Tony is an avid preservationist and fought to save St. Saviour’s Church in Maspeth, which is now being relocated to a new site.
Tony resides in Maspeth, his home for more than a quarter century, with his wife of 27 years, Dolores, and their children, Anthony, Alicia and Andrea. Tony Nunziato's campaign website is http://www.tonynunziato.com.

</doc>
<doc id="19412500" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19412500" title="Jesus of Nazareth (book)">
Jesus of Nazareth (book)

Jesus of Nazareth is the first volume in Pope Benedict XVI's three-volume meditation on the life and teachings of Jesus Christ. The first book authored by Benedict since his ascension to the papacy, it was published by Doubleday in 2007. 
In the book's introduction, the pope explicitly states that the treatise is in "no way an exercise of the magisterium," but rather an "expression of his personal search for the face of the Lord." It is not, however, primarily meditational or part of the genre of "edifying literature", but more directly the book of a theologian, concluding the scientific work of Prof. Ratzinger.
"Jesus of Nazareths ten chapters cover the bulk of Jesus' public ministry, encompassing subjects and events such as Christ's baptism at the hands of John the Baptist, the Sermon on the Mount, the meaning of the parables, the Calling of the Twelve, the Confession of Peter, and the Transfiguration. The book stops short of Jesus' entry into Jerusalem and subsequent Passion and Resurrection, which are the primary topics of the second volume, ', which was published on March 15, 2011. The third and final volume, "" was published on November 21, 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="19412503" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19412503" title="Patharhati">
Patharhati

Patharhati is a village and Village Development Committee in Bara District in the Narayani Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2,812 persons living in 452 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19412504" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19412504" title="Hélias de Saint-Yrieix">
Hélias de Saint-Yrieix

Hélias de Saint-Yrieix (died 1367) was a French Benedictine abbot, bishop and Cardinal.
He was born at Saint-Yrieix. He was abbot of St. Florent Abbey, Saumur, in 1335. He became bishop of Uzès in 1344.
He was created cardinal priest of Stefano al Monte Celio in 1356. In 1363 he was bishop of Ostia.

</doc>
<doc id="19412510" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19412510" title="The Superstars">
The Superstars

The Superstars was the third album by Dutch soundalike studio group Stars on 45, released on the CNR Records label in The Netherlands in March 1982. In the US the album was retitled "Stars On Long Play III", released on Radio Records and credited to 'Stars On'. In the UK, Ireland, Australia and New Zealand the album was instead titled "Stars Medley", again credited to Starsound and released by CBS Records. Just like the two preceding Stars on 45 albums "The Superstars" was also issued in the Soviet Union and large parts of the Eastern Bloc by state-owned label Melodiya, credited to Stars on 45 but released under the title "Discotheque Stars 3".
The fourth Stars On 45 single released in both Europe and the U.S. was "Stars on Stevie", paying tribute to Stevie Wonder and including a selection of his best-known songs, ranging from his breakthrough single "Fingertips" (released in 1963 and credited to Little Stevie Wonder) to his then most recent US hit "Master Blaster (Jammin)". The "Stars On Stevie" medley - in the UK somewhat confusingly released by CBS as Starsound: "Stars Medley", the very same title as the album - became Stars On 45's fourth UK Top 20 hit, peaking at #14 in February 1982. In the US, where it was given a third title, "Stars On 45 III: In Tribute To Stevie Wonder", it reached #28 on "Billboard"'s Hot 100 chart.
The extended 12" mix of "Stars On Stevie" was included on Stars On 45's third full-length release "The Superstars" where it was placed as the opening track on Side B, followed by an also-extended version of the single's B-side, "It's Not A Wonder, It's A Miracle", written by producer Jaap Eggermont and musical arranger Martin Duiser.
For the A-side of the album Eggermont returned to the concept of the first Stars On 45 LP by again creating a sixteen-minute side-long medley, this time dedicated to "The Greatest Rock 'n Roll Band in the World"; The Rolling Stones. The twenty-five track medley charted the band's at the time seventeen-year-long career, from their 1965 breakthrough with "(I Can't Get No) Satisfaction" via classic hits like "Ruby Tuesday", "Sympathy For The Devil", "Miss You", "Under My Thumb" and "Honky Tonk Women" all the way to 1980's "Emotional Rescue" and "Start Me Up", a UK and US Top Ten hit in August 1981. "The Greatest Rock 'n Roll Band In The World" single didn't fare as well on the charts however; while it became another Top 20 hit in the Netherlands and a few other European countries it failed to chart in both the UK and the US and "The Superstars" album itself met with the same fate, only reaching #94 on the UK albums chart and failing to register on Billboard's Top 200 chart in the US. (The only version of the Stars On 45 Stones medley to have been re-released on CD is the heavily edited 7" mix, only including ten of the original twenty-five titles and 5:09 in length. The 9 minute 40 second 12" mix featured the majority of the Stones tracks in slightly edited form.)
Consequently, for the following album project producer Jaap Eggermont made a radical change of the Stars On 45 concept by launching the spin-off group The Star Sisters, mainly covering material made famous by The Andrews Sisters and other stars from the 1940s, 50's and early 60's - and without the Stars On 45 disco beat and its characteristic handclaps. The Star Sisters went on to release three albums and a series of singles between the years 1983 and 1987 whose commercial success was limited to Continental Europe in general and the Benelux countries in particular.
The "Superstars"/"Stars On Longplay III"/"Stars Medley" album in its entirety and in its original form remains unreleased on CD. The full length Stevie Wonder medley is commonly found on cd (the 7" version has not been released on cd however). The 7" Rolling Stones medley is also commonly found on cd, but the 9 minutes 12 inch, nor the lp version, nor the B-sides are released on cd)
Tracklisting.
Side A.
"The Greatest Rock 'n Roll Band In The World" - 15:54
"All tracks written by Mick Jagger and Keith Richards unless otherwise noted" 
Side B.
1. "Stars on Stevie" - 7:42
"All tracks written by Stevie Wonder unless otherwise noted"
2. "Stars On" Jingle (Eggermont, Duiser) - 0:07
3. "It's Not A Wonder, It's A Miracle" (Eggermont, Duiser) - 6:54 
For the US album, this track is titled "Stars On Get Ready III"
4. "Stars On" Jingle (Eggermont, Duiser) - 0:07

</doc>
<doc id="19412511" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19412511" title="Pathora">
Pathora

Pathora is a town and Village Development Committee in Bara District in the Narayani Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3,158 persons living in 599 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19412513" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19412513" title="John Faull">
John Faull

John Faull (born 30 June 1933) was a Welsh international number 8 who played club rugby for Swansea. He won twelve caps for Wales and was selected to play in the British Lions on the 1959 tour of Australia and New Zealand. His father, Wilfred Faull, was an international rugby referee and was president of the Welsh Rugby Union in the 1960s.
Rugby career.
Faull joined Swansea in October 1953 at the age of twenty. In December of that year he was chosen to face the touring New Zealand team alongside Len Blyth and Clem Thomas and he kicked two penalty goals scoring all Swansea's points in a memorable 6-6 draw.
Faull made his Wales debut in the 1957 Five Nations Championship in a narrow win against Ireland. It was a difficult match played in terrible muddy conditions, and in the second half the entire Welsh team were allowed to retire to the changing rooms to change their kit to allow the referee to distinguish the teams. His second game for Wales was in the same tournament against France, and Faull scored his first international points when he scored a try. Faull played a total of twelve games for Wales including the 1958 test match against the touring Australians.
In 1959 he was selected to tour with the 1959 British Lions, and played in four test matches, one against Australia and three against New Zealand.
Personal life.
John Faull married Anne Munday on 1 November 1959. They had 3 children; Jonathan Faull, Isobel Davies and Antonia Watkins. They now have 6 grandchildren. They still live in Wales; in Old Walls, Gower.
International matches played.
Wales
<br>British Lions

</doc>
<doc id="19412520" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19412520" title="Early life of George Gordon Byron">
Early life of George Gordon Byron

George Gordon Byron, 6th Baron Byron, also known as Lord Byron, was born 22 January 1788 in Dover, England, and raised by his mother, Catherine Gordon, in Aberdeen, Scotland. His life was complicated by his father, who died deep in debt when he was a child. He was able to work his way through school, and his life advanced after he inherited his great-uncle's title of "Lord Byron" and the Newstead Abbey estate.
Parents.
Byron was the son of Captain John "Mad Jack" Byron and his second wife, the former Catherine Gordon, heiress of Gight in Aberdeenshire, Scotland. The Byron family had a spotted history: many of those with the title Lord Byron had a history of inconstancy and debt, and the fifth Lord Byron gained reputations of being a whoremaster and a murderer. John Byron was the first child of Vice-Admiral John "Foulweather Jack" Byron, the second son of the fourth Lord Byron. Like the rest of his family, his personal history was one of turmoil; he was one of nine children and was sent to a military school when it became clear that he was unfit for academia. He gambled profusely until his parents refused to pay off his debts, and he soon developed a reputation for womanizing and exploiting his companions for money. In 1778, when 22, he ran off to France with the already married Amelia D'Arcy, the heiress of the Earl of Holderness and of Baroness Conyers and the current Marchioness of Carmarthen. He married her in 1779; they had three children, of whom only their daughter Augusta survived. Conyers died in 1784, and John Byron, in debt and deprived of his wife's £4000 a year income, went to Bath in search of another rich wife. Here he met Catherine Gordon, who was called his "Golden Dolly" for her fortune of 23,000 pounds; she was a direct descendant of James I of Scotland. 
The Gordon family, like the Byron family, had a history of turmoil and death; her grandfather drowned in 1760, her sister Abercromby died in 1777, her father drowned in Bath Canal in 1779, her other sister Margaret died in 1780, and her mother died in 1782. Her parents, in order to preserve the family name, had introduced a clause in their will that required the husband of their daughter to take the Gordon name as his own, which John Byron was eager to do. The two married in Bath, 13 May 1785. By July the newly-weds had settled at Gight where John Byron ran through most of the £23,000 Catherine had brought to their marriage. Soon after, he sold her property, the Castle of Gight, for £18,690 to pay off his debts. In March 1786 they went through a second marriage ceremony and John Byron became John Byron Gordon in order to fulfil the need to sell the estate in Gight. By the end of 1786, Catherine had lost her fortune and her land to John Byron's creditors but she never blamed him for her loss. In July 1787 John fled from the Isle of Wight, where the couple had been living to avoid creditors, to Paris. He was joined there the following September by Mrs Byron who was pregnant. In December she returned to London whilst Byron's father remained on the move in order to avoid creditors.
Childhood.
Mayne states that George Gordon Byron was born 22 January 1788 in a house on 24 Holles Street in London. However, R.C. Dallas in his "Recollections" states that Byron was born in Dover. In 1790, John Byron and Gordon moved to Aberdeen, but this was not to last, as John wrote to his sister, "She is very amiable at a distance; but I defy you and all the Apostles to live with her two months, for if anybody could live with her, it was me". Byron's parents then decided to live in separate houses upon the same street to see if the distance would allow them to bear each other, which left Byron to be raised by his mother and a nursemaid, Agnes Gray. His parents would meet regularly until they realized that their separation did not solve their problems; John Byron would come to talk to his son, but after being allowed to take Byron to his house to spend one night, he realized that he could not tolerate either Byron or his mother any longer. Shortly thereafter, John left Scotland to live with his sister Fanny (Frances) Leigh at Valenciennes, France, the place where he would die in 1791. After John Byron's death, Gordon claimed that she "ever sincerely loved" Byron, and she despaired at her loss. 
Catherine Gordon was taught to read at a young age and had a passion for literature, a passion she shared with her son. Byron would read through the Bible, focusing predominantly on the Old Testament, and he would also read works dealing with history or narrative tales like the "Arabian Nights". However this passion for reading was not the only passion mother and child shared; Catherine was also known for having a violent temper. The son inherited his mother's temper but he would not speak while he experienced various fits. On one occasion, the young Byron bit off a piece of a china saucer during his "silent rage". Byron's problems were compounded by his mother's lack of money, especially with her having to provide for her delinquent husband. When word reached her that John Byron had died, she cried out loud enough for her neighborhood to hear. However, her troubles were not over, for in his final moments John Byron had incurred even more debt, which burdened his widow to the point of having to move to another home in worse conditions. 
Without money, she was instead forced to send her son to a day-school at the Long Acre of Aberdeen. Byron did not learn anything at the school, and his mother was forced to hire a series of tutors who taught him literature until he was able to enter the Aberdeen Grammar School in 1798. It was here that Byron became fascinated with politics and began to practice writing narratives. Not everything taught to Byron was met with appreciation; Byron was brought up under Scottish Calvinistic influences including predestination, which encouraged a pessimistic view of life. His mother felt that Byron took in "the gloomiest Calvinistic tenets" and believed that she was also "broken against the rock of Predestination."
Illness and Newstead.
In 1796, Byron suffered from scarlet fever, and his mother took him to the Scottish Highlands to stay in the mountains until his recovery. This experience affected Byron greatly, as he described in his poetry, especially his memory of the mountain of Lochnagar and a girl named Mary. He soon fell in love with another Mary, a cousin, and would still think of her until he was 27. On 21 May 1798, the death of Byron's great-uncle, the "wicked" Lord Byron, allowed the 10-year-old to become the 6th Baron Byron; he inherited the Rochdale estate in Lancashire, and Newstead Abbey in Nottinghamshire, coming under the care of his relative, Frederick Howard, Earl of Carlisle. Byron noticed no difference in how he was treated until the first time he was given the title "dominus" (meaning 'lord') in class; he was struck speechless and burst into tears while the other schoolchildren sat in amazement. However, little money came with the inheritance, as his great-uncle had already squandered most of his fortune; the fifth Lord Byron had sold the Rochdale estate illegally, and more money had to be put into a legal battle to restore Rochdale to Byron. 
Although Newstead was in not in a state that allowed Byron and his mother to live there, they were able to move nearby Nottingham during August 1798. The residence formed by the ruins of Newstead Abbey adjoined by a large house served as an inspiration of Gothic themes and his belief that there are layers of history that are part of objects in life. During his early moments at Newstead, Byron was attended to by a nurse, May Gray, who developed a reputation for "perpetually beating him", which shocked the residents of Nottingham. These beatings occurred as she attempted to educate Byron on religion, after which she abandoned the young boy in the dark. This darkness particularly frightened Byron, as Gray led him to believe that the house was haunted at Gray's prompting. Byron's mother did not find out about these incidents until after Gray was dismissed in 1799. 
When Byron was born, he suffered from lameness and a twisted foot. After Gray was fired, Byron was put in the care of a "trussmaker to the General hospital", a man named Lavender, in hopes that he could be cured; however, Lavender instead abused the boy and would occasionally use him as a servant. After Byron exposed Lavender as a fool, Gordon took her son to visit Doctor Matthew Baillie in London. They took up residence at Sloane Terrace during the summer of 1799, and there Byron started to receive treatment, such as specially designed boots. This medical treatment amounted to £150 a year with 2 guineas per school visit by the physician. Not all of Byron's experiences at Nottingham were for the worse, as Byron was popular among his relatives, such as his great-aunt Frances Byron and her Mrs Parkyns, and among the gentry, middle class, and other important individuals of Nottingham society.
Education.
In August 1799, Byron entered the school of William Glennie, an Aberdonian in Dulwich. Glennie was Byron's first "serious teacher", but also one with whom Catherine Gordon would constantly squabble, especially over the control of her son's schedule. Catherine's actions alienated her from both Glennie and Lord Carlisle, with Byron unable to do anything but observe. Regardless of his suffering, Byron was able to perform his "first dash into poetry" in 1800; he wrote a love poem in honor of his cousin, Margaret Parker, "one of the most beautiful of evanescent beings"., and she would inspire another poem two years later when she died at the age of 15. Byron also refused to let his lameness prevent him from participating in any of the usual physical activities that schoolboys engage in, and on one occasion threw his leg brace into a pond in defiance.
In 1801, his mother declared "he must go to a public school", and Byron was soon after sent to Harrow. His experience at Harrow was dissatisfying to Byron as his lame foot, his lack of money, and his previously neglected education caused to say later that "I always "hated" Harrow till the last year and a half." The Headmaster, Dr Joseph Drury, believed that Byron was "a wild mountain colt" who had a "supersensitive vanity", and as a result placed him under the individual tutorial guidance of his own son Henry Drury, an assistant master, until he could be placed in a class of boys that were his own age. In response to the harsh treatment that he felt that he received at Harrow from the schoolmasters and some of the fellow students, Byron wrote to his mother in 1804: "I will cut myself a path through the world or perish in the attempt. Others have begun life with nothing and ended Greatly. And shall I who have a competent if not a large fortune, remain idle, No, I will carve myself the passage to Grandeur, but never with Dishonour." 
While at Harrow, Byron became close to John FitzGibbon, second Earl of Clare, and with George John, fifth Earl De la Warr, and Byron retained memories of both. Clare in particular was Byron's favorite, and, after one meeting in which they could spend only five minutes together, Byron afterwards could "hardly recollect an hour of my existence which could be weighted against them". Byron had other friends at Harrow, including John Wingfield, Edward Noel Long, (grandson of Edward Long) and George, Duke of Dorset, all of who appear in Byron's "Childish Recollections". Only Long would continue to Cambridge with Byron. These friendships meant a lot to Byron, and when his friends started dying he claimed that "some curse hangs over me. I never could keep alive even a dog that I liked, or that liked me". Not all of Byron's relationships encouraged him to stay at the school. Byron's early loves included Mary Duff and Margaret Parker, his distant cousins, and Mary Chaworth, whom he met while at Harrow. Byron refused to return to Harrow in September 1803 due to his love for Chaworth. In Byron’s later memoirs, according to Byron's biographer Fiona MacCarthy, "Mary Chaworth is portrayed as the first object of his adult sexual feelings". He returned to Harrow in January 1804. By Easter of that year he had begun to correspond with his half-sister, Augusta. His early letters to her illustrate his earnest desire to establish an affectionate friendship with ‘a Friend to whom I can confide.’
However, his time at Harrow was not spent just in idleness or with his friends; Byron busied himself by reading books; history was his primary subject, followed by biography, poetry, philosophy, and other topics. He was originally supposed to be an orator, and he would read various passages in aloud for others. However, Byron's attitude caused problems between him and the administration at Harrow (markedly, he led a rebellion among the boys against the new headmaster, the Revd Dr George Butler) and during the 1804 Christmas holidays, Byron, at Drury's prompting, wanted to leave the school. However, Carlisle intervened and Byron stayed at Harrow until July 1805. He was accepted at Trinity College, Cambridge, where he went up the following October.
College.
While not at school or college, Byron lived with his mother at Burgage Manor in Southwell, Nottinghamshire. Although there was some antagonism between mother and son, Byron cultivated friendships with Elizabeth Pigot and her brother, John, with whom he staged two plays for the delight of the community, along with Augusta Mary Byron, his half-sister. During this time, with the help of Elizabeth Pigot, who copied many of his rough drafts, he was encouraged to write his first volumes of poetry. "Fugitive Pieces" was the first, printed by Ridge of Newark, which contained poems written when Byron was only 14. However, it was promptly recalled and burned on the advice of his friend, the Reverend Thomas Becher, on account of its more amorous verses, particularly the poem "To Mary". The second edition impression of the book, called "Poems on Various Occasions" printed in January 1807, was given to John Pigot as a gift that he cherished until his death.
Instead of Cambridge, Byron originally wanted to go to Christ Church, Oxford but there were no vacancies. Instead, he chose Cambridge at Drury's recommendation. The choice did not matter, since college life in general did not suit his personality. He wrote in his diary, "I was so completely alone in this new world that it half broke my spirits... It was one of the deadliest and heaviest feelings of my life that I was no longer a boy". However, this did not mitigate his contempt towards the other students, and he quickly grew dissatisfied with the society surrounding Cambridge: "It is the "Devil" or at least his principal residence. They call it the University, but any other appellation would have suited it better, for Study is the last pursuit of the Society". 
He spent his time with Long, and the two would swim, ride, read, and talk with each other. However, they shared a fear of becoming overweight, and this marked the beginning of Byron's "Thinning Campaign". Long was not Byron's only companion during this time; he had a short-lived friendship with John Edleston, a fifteen year old choirboy. About his "protégé" he wrote, "He has been my "almost constant" associate since October, 1805. His "voice" first attracted my attention, his "countenance" fixed it, and his "manners" attached me to him for ever." The boy gave Byron a carnelian ring, in return for saving his life, and to which Byron wrote "The Cornelian" in October 1806:
The two planned to live together after Edleston grew older, but the two parted and Byron would never see the boy again as Edleston died from consumption in 1811. As well as spending time with friends, Byron did join in with the rest of the community; however, he did not enjoy this time because, as he said, "I could not share in the commonplace libertinism of the place and time without disgust. And yet this very disgust, and my heart thrown back upon itself, threw me into excesses perhaps more fatal than those from which I shrunk, as fixing upon one (at a time) the passions which, spread amongst many, would have hurt only myself".

</doc>
<doc id="19412521" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19412521" title="Pheta">
Pheta

Pheta () is a town and Village Development Committee in Bara District in the Narayani Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4,337 persons living in 646 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19412535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19412535" title="Pipara Simara">
Pipara Simara

Pipara Simara ("also" Pipra Simra "or" Simara or Simra) (Nepali: पिपरा सिमरा "or" सिमरा) is a town and Village Development Committee in Bara District in the Narayani Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 17,122.
Media.
Radio: To Promote local culture Simara has one FM radio station Radio Simara - 106 MHz Which is a Community radio Station. 

</doc>
<doc id="19412538" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19412538" title="F. W. Woolworth Building (Lexington, Kentucky)">
F. W. Woolworth Building (Lexington, Kentucky)

The Woolworth, F.W., Building was a historic department store building located in Lexington, Kentucky, that served as a retail location for the F. W. Woolworth Company from 1946 to 1990. It was designed by Frederick W. Garber.
The store was the site of civil rights protests against segregation during the 1960s. 
After 1990, the city government favored creating a business incubator on the site. However, the building was demolished in 2004 and turned into a parking lot.

</doc>
<doc id="19412541" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19412541" title="Worlds of the Imperium">
Worlds of the Imperium

Worlds of the Imperium is a science-fiction novel by Keith Laumer. It originally appeared in "Fantastic Stories of the Imagination" between February and April 1961. The following year it was published by Ace Books. It is an example of an alternate history novel in which a man from our reality becomes involved with another parallel world in which the American Revolution never happened and the secret of inter-world travel came under the control of the British Empire, which forged a unified Imperial world-state known as the Imperium.
Plot summary.
Brion Bayard, an American diplomat on assignment in Stockholm, Sweden, attempts to evade men he believes to be Soviet agents, only to find himself kidnapped by agents of the Imperium from a parallel world. Taken to the home world of the Imperium, he is introduced to the aristocratic members of the government, which rules most of the civilized world from London, having been formed by the union of the British Empire, which included America, and the German and Austro-Hungarian empires of Europe. He is impressed by the commitment to duty of the Imperial officials he meets and drawn to a particularly noble lady.
The main reason for his abduction, however, is that the Imperium is under attack from another parallel world.
The Maxoni-Cocini drive, invented in the Imperium universe by Italian scientists/experimenters Giulio Maxoni and Carlo Cocini at the end of the 19th Century, is the technology for traveling between worlds and is extremely dangerous. Only if several sensitive parameters are tuned exactly can disaster be avoided and the trans-world transportation effect be achieved. Almost all worlds where its development is attempted or even inadvertently stumbled upon are destroyed, often in bizarre and horrible ways.
The collection of time lines where such disasters have occurred is known as the Blight, and the rare ones where the Earth survives are known as Blight Insulars, or BI's. BI-1 is the Imperium, where, by rare chance, the Maxoni-Cocini drive was successfully developed. The Imperium has become rich and powerful by trading with time lines beyond the Blight. BI-3 is Bayard's home world, where the technology never developed. The raids are coming from BI-2, a chaotic world where war has swept the planet for generations, and which was not believed to have the Maxoni-Cocini drive. That version of Earth is currently ruled by a dictator, who happens to be Brion Bayard.
Bayard undergoes extensive training to substitute for his double, presumably after killing him, and take over the other government, shutting off the raids. The plan falls through almost as soon as he arrives in the new world. For some reason, nobody believes in his impersonation. The reason becomes apparent when he meets the other Bayard, who lost both legs in a battle years before, but who has concealed that fact from the public.
However, this other Bayard is not the evil dictator he is portrayed to be. He greets his double as a brother, and tells him how he became dictator to pacify his world. He knows nothing of the raids on the Imperium. The two Bayards talk over a gourmet meal and discover they have much in common, including similar histories.
Bayard the dictator is abruptly assassinated by the real conspirators, who are working for power-hungry factions in the Imperium itself, using stolen technology. Bayard himself is scheduled for a showy execution, after suitable amputation surgery, to allow the conspiracy to consolidate its hold on their world by publicly eliminating the dictator. Eventually he is able to escape back to the Imperium and expose the conspirators. Offered a chance to return to his Earth, or become a high-ranking Imperium officer, he looks at the noble lady who has become so important to him, and declares, "Home is where the heart is."
Sequels.
There are three sequels to this novel. They are "The Other Side of Time" (1965), "Assignment in Nowhere" (1968), and "Zone Yellow" (1990).

</doc>
<doc id="19412548" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19412548" title="Piparpati Dui">
Piparpati Dui

Piparpati Dui is a town and Village Development Committee in Bara District in the Narayani Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3,206 persons living in 526 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19412552" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19412552" title="Mark Hodson">
Mark Hodson

Mark Allin Hodson was an Anglican bishop in the latter half of the 20th century.
Born on 29 December 1907, educated at University College London and ordained in 1931 he began his career with a curacy at St Dunstan, Stepney after which he was "Missioner" at "St Nicholas Perivale" then Rector of Poplar. In 1955 he was appointed Suffragan Bishop of Taunton. Translated to Hereford in 1961, he retired in 1973 but continued to serve the church as an Assistant Bishop within the Diocese of London until his death on 23 January 1985.

</doc>
<doc id="19412556" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19412556" title="Piparpati Parchrouwa">
Piparpati Parchrouwa

Piparpati Parchrouwa is a town and Village Development Committee in Bara District in the Narayani Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4,106.

</doc>
<doc id="19412562" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19412562" title="Pipra Basantapur">
Pipra Basantapur

Pipra Basantapur is a town and Village Development Committee in Bara District in the Narayani Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2,922 persons living in 528 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19412564" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19412564" title="European Insurance and Occupational Pensions Authority">
European Insurance and Occupational Pensions Authority

The European Insurance and Occupational Pensions Authority is a European Union financial regulatory institution that replaced the Committee of European Insurance and Occupational Pensions Supervisors (CEIOPS). It is established under EU Regulation 1094/2010.
Background.
CEIOPS (2003-2010) was established under the terms of European Commission's Decision 2004/6/EC of 5 November 2003, currently repealed and replaced by Decision 2009/79/EC, and is composed of high level representatives from the insurance and occupational pensions supervisory authorities of the European Union's Member States. The authorities of the European Economic Area Member States also participated in CEIOPS. CEIOPS Secretariat was located in Frankfurt am Main. CEIOPS was a Level-3 Committee of the European Union in the Lamfalussy process. CEIOPS was founded 5 November 2003. CEIOPS consisted of the European Union's insurance and pension fund supervisory authorities. Other supervisory authorities from other states of the European Economic Area are represented as observers (Norway, Iceland and Liechtenstein, although not Switzerland). It was chaired by Gabriel Bernardino, the Director General of the Instituto de Seguros de Portugal (ISP). CEIOPS' headquarters were located in Frankfurt am Main, Germany. The other Level-3 Committees were Committee of European Banking Supervisors and Committee of European Securities Regulators.
CEIOPS was replaced by EIOPA in January 2011, in accordance with the new European financial supervision framework. The reorganisation of macro and microprudential supervisory authorities led to the creation of three new European watchdogs (The European Banking Authority - EBA, the European Insurance and Occupational Pensions Authority - EIOPA, and the European Securities and Markets Authority -ESMA) have replaced the previous EU committees responsible for financial market services, having had only consultative competences.
Overview.
Like the ESMA, EIOPA has a legal personality and acts within the powers conferred by the EIOPA Regulation. The head office of EIOPA is still in the place of its predecessor, Frankfurt. EIOPA is accountable to the European Parliament and the Council, like two other peers.
The Authority acts in the field of activities of credit institutions, financial conglomerates, investment firms, payment institutions and e-money institutions in relation to issues not directly covered in the acts referred to in Article 1.2, including matters of corporate governance, auditing and financial reporting.
EIOPA’s core responsibilities are to support the stability of the financial system, transparency of markets and financial products as well as the protection of insurance policyholders, pension scheme members and beneficiaries. EIOPA also acts in the field of activities of insurance undertakings, reinsurance undertakings, financial conglomerates, institutions for occupational retirement provision and insurance intermediaries, in relation to issues not directly covered in the acts referred to in the EIOPA Regulation Article 1.2, including matters of corporate governance, auditing and financial reporting, provided that such actions by the Authority are necessary to ensure the effective and consistent application of those acts.
The composition of EIOPA is similar with that of ESMA, namely a Board of Supervisors, a Management Board, a Chairperson, an Executive Director, and a Board of Appeal. Besides the same tasks shared with ESMA, EIOPA still needs to foster the protection of policyholders, pension scheme members and beneficiaries.
To achieve the tasks above, EIOPA was also conferred the powers to develop draft regulatory technical standards and implementing technical standards, to issue guidelines and recommendations, to take individual decisions addressed to competent authorities or financial institutions in the specific cases, develop common methodologies for assessing the effect of product characteristics and distribution processes, and so on.

</doc>
<doc id="19412575" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19412575" title="Berlinguet Inlet">
Berlinguet Inlet

Berlinguet Inlet is a body of water within the Qikiqtaaluk Region of Nunavut, Canada. It runs west-east at Admiralty Inlet's southern end, separated from Berlinguet Bay, which opens into the Gulf of Boothia, by a isthmus. Baffin Island's Brodeur Peninsula is to the north.
Geography.
Characterized by sedge, grass meadows, and a freshwater lake, the inlet area is in size, and rises to an elevation of above sea level.
Fauna.
Berlinguet Inlet is a Canadian Important Bird Area site (#NU066). The Canadian Wildlife Service has also classified the area as a Key Habitat Site for migratory birds. Notable species include fulmar, gull, Peregrine falcon, sea duck, and tern. The "C. c. atlanticus" (Greater Snow Goose) population in Berlinguet Inlet is the second largest in Canada.
Bearded seals, ringed seals, and polar bears frequent the area.

</doc>
<doc id="19412578" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19412578" title="KXKK">
KXKK

KXKK (92.5 FM, "Hot Country 92.5") is a radio station licensed to serve Park Rapids, Minnesota. Its Country Music format comes from the Dial Global networks. The station is owned by De La Hunt Broadcasting, licensed to EC Broadcasting. 
The station was assigned the KXKK call letters by the Federal Communications Commission on May 11, 1998.

</doc>
<doc id="19412582" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19412582" title="Piprabirta">
Piprabirta

Piprabirta is a town and Village Development Committee in Bara District in the Narayani Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3,162 persons living in 537 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19412586" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19412586" title="Koolhoven F.K.55">
Koolhoven F.K.55

The Koolhoven F.K.55 was a Dutch fighter prototype of the 1930s. Designed as a high-performance aircraft, it never made it past the prototype stage.
Development.
Design on a Koolhoven high-performance aircraft first started late in 1937. The result, finished in early 1938 was the F.K.55, a single-seat fighter of radical design with contra-rotating propellers and an engine housed behind the pilot. It had initially been proposed to do away with ailerons on the wings, and replace them with "slot-spoilers" for lateral control, however this idea was abandoned early in the project.
Of mixed metal and wood construction with wooden wings, the F.K.55's front fuselage was made of steel tube while wood formed the tail and rear fuselage. Its Lorraine Pétrel engine afforded just enough energy to take off and to stay in flight, and many designers thought that it should be upgraded to a supercharged Lorraine 12R Sterna engine which would have afforded greater performance, however this never happened.
Operational history.
The aircraft flew for the first time in June 1938. It flew for two minutes then landed. Its performance and lack of ability to stay in the air due to its weak engine resulted in the project being cancelled in the same year.

</doc>
<doc id="19412591" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19412591" title="Tanggeon">
Tanggeon

Tanggeon is a type of Korean traditional headgear worn by men, which is put under a "gat" (formal hat). It is usually made of dyed horsehair or cow hair. Artisans who specialize in making "tanggeon" are called "tanggeonjang".

</doc>
<doc id="19412596" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19412596" title="Jeff Lynne and the Beatles">
Jeff Lynne and the Beatles

Jeff Lynne is an English rock musician who is probably best known for his involvement in Electric Light Orchestra; he is also notable for his work and production with other artists including Tom Petty and Roy Orbison. He has collaborated on various projects with former members of The Beatles.
Beatles influence.
The Beatles were a major influence on Lynne. In 1968, while performing with the Idle Race, he met The Beatles during the making of "The White Album". Years later he admitted, "To be in the same room as the four of them caused me not to sleep for, like, three days." The original aim of Electric Light Orchestra was to take up "where the Beatles had left off, and to present it on stage." Indeed, John Lennon had called them the "Sons of the Beatles".
Critics often compared Electric Light Orchestra to The Beatles and they were often criticised for "ripping off" the band. Lynne admitted that he "was very influenced by the Beatles' sound of '68 and '69. That has obviously been a big influence on the way looked at songwriting" and said that being compared with The Beatles was the "ultimate compliment".
With George Harrison.
Lynne worked with Harrison very closely in the late 1980s. In 1987 he produced the "Cloud Nine" album, Harrison's first since 1982's "Gone Troppo". Before the release of "This Is Love", the third and final single from Harrison's highly acclaimed album, the record company asked for a B side for the song. Deciding he needed help, Harrison gathered some of his musician friends, eventually resulting in the formation of the Traveling Wilburys. Lynne was a member of the supergroup along with Harrison, Bob Dylan, Tom Petty and Roy Orbison. Harrison and Lynne contributed to the writing of all Wilburys tracks including "Handle with Care", "Wilbury Twist" and "End of the Line".
With Ringo Starr.
In 1990 Ringo Starr recorded a cover version of The Beatles' "I Call Your Name" for a television special marking the 10th anniversary of John Lennon's death and the 50th anniversary of his birth. The track, produced by Lynne, features a supergroup composed of Lynne, Petty, Joe Walsh and Jim Keltner.
In 1992 Lynne produced two tracks of Starr's "Time Takes Time" album. A third track produced by Lynne appeared as a bonus track on CD single and on the Japanese issue of the album.
With the Beatles.
In 1994, Lynne was approached by the remaining three Beatles to help them produce their "new" songs and restore John Lennon's vocals from poorly-preserved mono tapes containing some unfinished Lennon demos that they were given by Yoko Ono. The songs were "Free as a Bird" and "Real Love". McCartney admitted he was worried about Lynne being chosen as producer saying "He's such a pal of George's. They'd done the Wilburys, and I was expecting him to lead it that way. To tell you the truth, I thought that he and George might create a wedge, saying, 'We're doing it this way' and I'd be pushed out."
"Free as a Bird" later won a Grammy.
With Paul McCartney.
Lynne co-produced eight tracks on McCartney's 1997 "Flaming Pie" album. Upon its May 1997 release, the critical reaction to "Flaming Pie" was very strong, with McCartney achieving his best reviews since 1982's "Tug of War". With fresh credibility even with young fans who had been introduced to him through the Anthology project, and anticipation raised with the excellent reviews, "Flaming Pie" debuted at No. 2 in the UK and US, giving McCartney his first US Top 10 album since "Tug of War". In both countries, the album was the biggest entry in its initial week.
In 2000 Paul McCartney recorded a cover version of "Maybe Baby" for the 2000 film of the same name with Lynne in again in the producers seat.
"Brainwashed" and Concert for George.
Harrison began work on "Brainwashed" in 1988, with "Any Road" having been written by Harrison during the making of a video for "This Is Love" off the "Cloud Nine" album, and would continue to do so in a sporadic manner over the next decade and a half. After recuperating from his 30 December 1999 knife attack in his home by Michael Abram, Harrison focused more on getting his album finished, simultaneously sharing his ideas for all its details (from the sound of the finished songs to the album's artwork) with his son Dhani — information that would ultimately prove very valuable. After Harrison's death in late 2001, Lynne and Dhani completed production. PopMatters called the album "a rich musical treasure trove well mined in execution and production". Rave reviews were also given by Allmusic - ""Brainwashed" isn't just a success, it's one of the finest records Harrison ever made." In late 2002 Lynne took part in a special tribute, Concert for George, performing "The Inner Light", "I Want to Tell You", "Give Me Love (Give Me Peace on Earth)" and collaborating with Petty and the Heartbreakers on "Handle with Care". When Harrison was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame Lynne joined Petty in a performance of "While My Guitar Gently Weeps".

</doc>
<doc id="19412597" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19412597" title="Curtiss Model S">
Curtiss Model S

The Curtiss Model S (also known as Speed Scout or Model 10) was a single-seat fighter aircraft.
Development and design.
The Model S was Curtiss' first attempt at a fast and maneuverable single-seat fighter. The first variant, S-1, had disappointing performance. In March 1917, new wings were attached to the S-1 fuselage and the project was redesignated S-2. In 1917, the S-3 became the first triplane in service in the United States. In 1918 and 1919, Curtiss experimented with seaplane versions of the S-3, designated S-4 and S-5. The S-6 was intended to be an improved S-3, but performance was poor and of the 12 ordered by the USASC, only 1 was delivered.

</doc>
<doc id="19412601" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19412601" title="Pipradhi Goth">
Pipradhi Goth

Pipradhi Goth is a town and Village Development Committee in Bara District in the Narayani Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3,530 persons living in 527 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19412627" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19412627" title="Hilversum railway station">
Hilversum railway station

Hilversum is a railway station in Hilversum, Netherlands. It is located approximately southeast of Amsterdam. It is on the Amsterdam - Hilversum - Amersfoort main line, with a branch to Utrecht. There are two other stations in Hilversum: Hilversum Media Park to the north, and Hilversum Sportpark to the south.
History.
The station opened 10 June 1874. The station was situated on the so-called Gooilijn (Gooi line). Other connections were added later. The current building was constructed in 1992 and, apart from the railway station, it also houses the offices of the regional Tax and Customs Administration, PareX Parts Exchange and some other companies.
In 1995 Intercity trains stopped calling at Hilversum. This service was resumed on 10 December 2007. All passing passenger trains now call at Hilversum. This was made possible after construction of the new 4th and 5th platforms to increase the station's capacity.
Train services.
The following train services call at Hilversum:

</doc>
<doc id="19412638" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19412638" title="Prasauni">
Prasauni

Prasauni is a town and Village Development Committee in Bara District in the Narayani Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 5524 persons living in 877 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19412640" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19412640" title="Francis Oumar Belonga">
Francis Oumar Belonga

Francis Oumar Belonga (born 13 March 1978 in N'djamena) is a Chadian footballer who currently plays for Renaissance FC.
Career.
He has also played as Striker for Bontang PKT in the Indonesia Super League.

</doc>
<doc id="19412642" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19412642" title="Nomalanga Khumalo">
Nomalanga Khumalo

Nomalanga Mzilikazi Khumalo is a Zimbabwean politician. Khumalo is the Movement for Democratic Change member of parliament for Umzingwane and was in September 2008 elected as Deputy Speaker of the House of Assembly, in the Seventh Zimbabwean parliament.

</doc>
<doc id="19412643" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19412643" title="Aerofan">
Aerofan

Owned and founded by Fernando González Sanchez, Aerofan FTO is an approved Flight Training Organisation, operating from Madrid Cuatro Vientos Airport, Spain. Aerofan FTO currently operates one Cessna 152, one Cessna 172 and one Cessna 310 multi-engine aircraft. The flying school is approved for private and commercial pilot training. Flight attendant courses are also available.
History.
Aerofan was founded in 1992 operating just one Cessna 152 for private pilot courses. Between 2002 and 2007 the flying school experienced several years of solid growth, largely due to its high percentage of non-Spanish students. During these years Aerofan FTO was one of the leading pilot schools in Spain focused on international flight training.
In 2009 owner Fernando González launched IMD Airways. For a period of two years IMD operated an MD87 in wet-lease operations. Since the launching of IMD, Aerofan FTO saw no further expansion or growth. Since 2011 Aerofan has seen a significant fleet reduction and now operates only three aircraft. Its other aircraft have all been sold, or scrapped.
IMD Airways operations have ceased.
Fleet.
The Aerofan fleet includes the following aircraft (as of 11 January 2012) [http://www.ch-aviation.ch/aircraft.php?search=set&airline=ZT3&al_op=1]:
- FTO:
- Airline:

</doc>
<doc id="19412673" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19412673" title="Serious and Organised Crime Command">
Serious and Organised Crime Command

The Serious and Organised Crime Command (SCD7) is a unit of the Metropolitan Police. It is part of the Specialist Crime Directorate and is divided into 10 units:

</doc>
<doc id="19412676" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19412676" title="Prasona">
Prasona

Prasona is a town and Village Development Committee in Bara District in the Narayani Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3468 persons living in 434 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19412680" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19412680" title="Prastoka">
Prastoka

Prastoka is a town and Village Development Committee in Bara District in the Narayani Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 6,222 persons living in 954 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19412682" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19412682" title="VRC-30">
VRC-30

Fleet Logistics Support Squadron 30 (VRC-30), also known as the "Providers", is a United States Navy Fleet Logistics Support squadron based at Naval Air Station North Island consisting of 5 detachments.
History.
Fleet Logistics Support Squadron Three Zero (VRC-30), traces its ancestry to Air Transport Squadron Five (VR-5) which was established on 24 June 1943 at Naval Air Station Seattle. The Squadron was tasked with flying the Douglas R4D Skytrain, Douglas R5D Skymaster, Beechcraft SNB Expeditor and the Noorduyn JA-1 Norseman aircraft in regular air service to Seattle, Oakland, San Francisco, the Aleutian Islands, Fairbanks and Point Barrow on the Alaskan Mainland.
1940s.
In 1948, the Naval Air Transportation Service and Air Transport Command merged and became the Military Air Transport Service. VR-5 was placed under the command of Fleet Logistics Support Wing, U.S. Pacific Fleet.
1950s.
In 1950, VR-5 moved its base of operations from NAS Seattle to NAS Moffett Field, California. Detachments were established in Seattle and at NAS North Island, California. VR-5 was decommissioned 15 July 1957 and became VR-21, with detachments at NAF Atsugi, Japan and NAS North Island. VR-21 was the first squadron to fly dedicated Carrier Onboard Delivery (COD) aircraft, the TBM-3Rs, transport version of the TBM-3E the General Motors version of the World War II Grumman Avenger torpedo bomber.
On 26 June 26 1958, VR-21 NAS North Island Detachment made the first COD with the Grumman C-1A Trader aircraft to the . The Detachment relocated to NAS Alameda in 1960.
VR-21 was also at NAS Barbers Point, Hawaii, flying C-118B Liftmasters into the early 1970's.
1960s.
The Atsugi Detachment VRC-50, and the Alameda Detachment was commissioned as Fleet Tactical Support Squadron Three Zero (VR-30) equipped with Convair C-131 Samaritans and C-1A Trader aircraft. VR-30's mission included logistics support for Commander in Chief U.S. Pacific Fleet units. On 9 November 1966, VR-30 made their first COD arrested landing in the C-1A on the . The squadron was awarded the Meritorious Unit Commendation for exemplary service from 1 January to 30 November 1967. From 1968 to 1973, VR-30 COD detachments operated aboard various carriers in support of recovery operations for Apollo X, XI, XII, and XVI.
In 1969, squadron C-1A's and crews operated from Danang, Republic of Vietnam, in support of CTF-77. In 1971 VR-30 joined the Jet Age with two North American CT-39 Saberliners for high-speed executive airlift. In May 1973 the squadron received the first of four C-9B Skytrain II's to further improve its logistics support capability.
1970s.
On 12 March 1974 the Navy's first female Aviator, Lieutenant (Junior Grade) Barbara A. Allen reported for duty. After relocating to NAS North Island, VR-30 was decommissioned on 1 October 1978 and VRC-30 was concurrently commissioned.
1980s.
In February 1980, VRC-30 added the C-12 Fleet Replacement Squadron, providing ground and flight instruction for all Pacific Fleet Navy and Marine Corps Pilots and Aircrew in the UC-12B/F Beechcraft Super King Air. VRC-30's C-12 FRS acts as the Commander, Naval Air Force, U.S. Pacific Fleet NATOPS Model Manager and Unit Evaluator, in addition to their primary job of flight instruction. VRC-30 retired the 6 C-1A Trader Aircraft and transitioned to the C-2A Greyhound in late 1985 by accepting deliveries of five C-2A Greyhounds, the squadron operates a newer re-procured version of the aircraft today, the C-2A(r).
1990s.
1998 proved to be another banner year for the Providers at VRC-30. Provider detachments continued to set the standard for day/night logistics support with two highly successful deployments. Detachment One posted an impressive total of over 290,000 lbs. of cargo, 175,000 lbs. of mail, and over 2300 passengers carried in support of the Battlegroup. While on WESTPAC Detachment One earned the Golden Hook Award for the best landing grades in the Airwing, a squadron first. Detachment Two aboard followed suit, operating daily in support of Operation Desert Fox and Operation Southern Watch. In calendar year 1998, VRC-30 was able to accomplish astounding results including: 1356 carrier landings, 14,360 passengers, 1,877,973 lbs of cargo, and a sortie completion rate of 99.9%.
As of December 1999, the squadron has achieved 24 years and over 149,600 hours of accident-free flight. VRC30 was awarded the Chief of Naval Operations Safety Award six times between 1979 and 1992 and the Meritorious Unit Commendation for exemplary service from October 1993 to September 1994. In 1996 the Providers were awarded their first ever Commander, Naval Air Forces Pacific Battle Efficiency Award and again received the honor in 1998. VRC-30 again garnered the CNO Aviation Safety Award in 1998. In March 1998 the command adopted a full detachment concept, as a result of a 140 person reduction in manning. As a result; all five detachments have remained active throughout the turn around cycle.
2000s.
The Providers delivered over 2.1 million pounds of cargo and mail to the fleet and more than 16,000 passengers and Distinguished Visitors were safely transported to and from carriers at sea. In addition, the FRS side of the house trained 82 new fleet ready C-12 pilots and instructor pilots and 47 newly qualified C-12/26 aircrew.

</doc>
<doc id="19412690" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19412690" title="Needleman (surname)">
Needleman (surname)

Needleman is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="19412691" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19412691" title="Purainiya">
Purainiya

Purainiya is a town and Village Development Committee in Bara District in the Narayani Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3,670 persons living in 492 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19412701" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19412701" title="Raghunathpur, Bara">
Raghunathpur, Bara

Raghunathpur is a town and Village Development Committee in Bara District in the Narayani Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3,037 persons residing in 471 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19412714" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19412714" title="Rampur Tokani">
Rampur Tokani

Rampur Tokani is a town and Village Development Committee in Bara District in the Narayani Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3,551 persons living in 611 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19412715" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19412715" title="Volleyball at the 2005 Mediterranean Games">
Volleyball at the 2005 Mediterranean Games

The Volleyball Tournament at the 2005 Mediterranean Games was held in the "Mediterranean Sports Palace" and the "Moisés Ruiz Sports Hall of the Diputación" from Friday June 24 to Sunday July 3, 2005 in Almería, Spain.
Men's Tournament.
Teams.
<br>
Squads.
<br>
Preliminary Round.
Group A.
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
Group B.
<br>
<br>
<br> 
<br>
Group C.
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
Group D.
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
Final Round.
<br>
Quarter Finals.
<br>
Classification Matches.
<br>
Semi Finals.
<br>
Finals.
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
Final Ranking.
<br>
Awards.
<br>
Women's Tournament.
Teams.
<br>
Squads.
<br>
Preliminary Round.
Group A.
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
Group B.
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
Final Round.
<br>
Semi Finals.
<br>
Finals.
<br>
<br>
<br>
Final Ranking.
<br>
Awards.
<br>
See also.
<br>
References.
<br>
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19412716" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19412716" title="Doctor in Distress (film)">
Doctor in Distress (film)

Doctor in Distress is a 1963 British comedy film directed by Ralph Thomas and starring Dirk Bogarde, James Robertson Justice, and Samantha Eggar. It's the fifth of the seven films in the "Doctor" series. After a one-film absence, it marked the final return to the role of Simon Sparrow by Dirk Bogarde, and also the return (although in a different role) of Donald Houston. The film uses some of the characters in Richard Gordon's "Doctor" novels, but isn't based on any of the novels.
Plot.
Simon Sparrow, now a senior doctor at Hampden Cross Hospital, falls in love with Delia, a model and aspiring actress. They eventually move in together, but then she goes to Italy to try out for a film.
Meanwhile, Spratt injures his back in a fall. Placed under the care of physiotherapist Iris Marchant, he is initially hostile, but soon succumbs to her charms. He turns to his friend Simon for advice. Simon sends him to a nature cure clinic in a vain attempt to help him lose weight. Spratt has Iris followed, and, when his private investigator turns up at Hampden Cross as a patient, follows her himself (terrorising a nervous train passenger in the process). He proposes to her, but is eventually rejected in favour of another of her patients, retired army Major Tommy French.
Delia returns in England, having somehow acquired an expensive Italian car (a Maserati Sebring) and expensive clothes, though she did not land a part in the film. It is implied that she and Simon get together again.
Reception.
The film was one of the ten most popular movies at the British box office in 1963.

</doc>
<doc id="19412726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19412726" title="F. W. Woolworth Building (Kansas City, Missouri)">
F. W. Woolworth Building (Kansas City, Missouri)

The F.W. Woolworth Building is a historic department store building located in Kansas City, Missouri that served as a retail location for the F. W. Woolworth Company from 1928 until 1964. The one-story building includes a balustrade parapet and Moderne storefront.

</doc>
<doc id="19412732" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19412732" title="Electronic line judge">
Electronic line judge

An electronic line judge is a device used in tennis to automatically detect where a ball has landed on the court. Attempts to revolutionize tennis officiating and the judging of calls in the sport began in the early 1970s and has resulted in the design, development and prototyping of several computerized, electronic line-judge devices. The methods have been based upon the use of pressure sensors, sensors to detect magnetized or electrically conductive tennis balls, infrared laser beams, and most recently video cameras.
The first successful public demonstration of a computerized device to make automated line calls at a professional tennis tournament was in 1974. (The Electroline-control computer pictured at the right). This original tennis electronic line judge device, invented by Geoffrey Grant, an avid tennis player, and Robert Nicks, an electronics engineer, was used in the championship finals of both the Men’s World Championship Tennis in Dallas in May, 1974 and the Ladies’ Virginia Slims tour in Los Angeles. Although the Grant-Nicks pressure sensor based system was given rave reviews in the press at its introduction and was issued with a USPTO patent, the product was never commercialized.
This inaugural electronic line-judge device worked on a principle of large, thin mylar conductive plastic pressure sensors beneath the surface of a carpet court. It was able to distinguish between a foot and the tennis ball; the computer detected the sharp, millisecond pulse of the ball bounce striking the ground, as compared to the slowness and electronic print of player’s foot movements. Even when a foot was present on the sensor a dynamic load circuit was able to detect and distinguish between the signals. Beneath the court surface on each boundary line of the court were both and "in" and "out" sensors so that if a ball hit the outside of the line and also hit the "out" sensor the computer would correctly overrule the "out" call allowing play to continue.
This first electronic device made decisions not only as to whether the ball landed within the boundaries of the playing zones, but also was wired to make foot fault and service net-cord legal serve decisions. The foot fault judge used directional microphones to detect the striking of the ball by the player’s racquet, when serving the ball, that functioned in conjunction with a timing circuit to detect if the players foot had activated the baseline line ‘IN’ sensor immediately prior to, or during, the striking of the ball. The net cord ‘Let’ sensor was a simple piezoelectric device, initially a guitar pickup, to detect if the tennis ball touched the net during the service delivery. The service line sensors, net-cord sensor, legal serve and foot fault devices were turned "on" in unison during the process of a player serving the ball at the beginning of each point and then turned "off" as the opponent returned the ball.
In its successful inaugural use, at the Men’s World Championships of Tennis 1974 finals in the Southern Methodist University indoor stadium in Dallas TX, the device was limited to judging only the service line. A later prototype was used to call all tennis court lines plus the net-cord as at the Ladies Virginia Slims championships in Los Angeles during 1975.
The second system that was publicly demonstrated to electronically officiate line calls was introduced in Edinburgh, Scotland, UK at the Pernod sponsored tennis event in July 1977. pdf file. The system was invented by Lyle David Supran 18A Blackheath Rise, London S E 13, EN (pdf file) who patented electrically conductive tennis balls, a micro-computer network systems equipment and installed wires at the boundaries of the court to detect and determine the location of the contact of the ball with the surface.
The system had some failings with respect to reliability and, like the Grant-Nicks pressure sensor device, did not emerge as a commercial product.
Commercially, the most successful system to emerge in the early experimental period of electronic officiating was the "Cyclops". Cyclops was a device used only for service line calls but functioned reliably and was used around the world for many years until superseded by video and television technology. The Cyclops system consisted of a series of infrared laser light beams projected, at a centimeter above the ground, to a receiver device across the court and then to a computer. The series of beams were aligned to accurately determine if the ball was inside the service area. This determination was only valid with respect to the main service line and not the side or center service lines. The Cyclops system was used only on show courts and covered only the main service lines.
In the 2000s, the sport began to embrace video camera methodology to allow review of player questioned line calls on a select few ‘high’ visibility televised matches. This limited use presents a social discontinuity in that players of lesser stature that are not asked to play on show courts are being unfairly discriminated against. However, the video technology is accurate, successful and, in time it is believed, will lead to the development of systems for all courts under all competitive circumstances.
The professional tennis players associations, both the Association of Tennis Professionals and the Women's Tennis Association have approved a method and process of instantaneous re-evaluation of questionable line calls and the system of television video review has become popular.

</doc>
<doc id="19412736" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19412736" title="Nicola Badalucco">
Nicola Badalucco

Nicola Badalucco (born 13 May 1929) is an Italian screenwriter. He has written for 38 films since 1969. He was nominated for an Academy Award at the 42nd Academy Awards in the category Original Screenplay for the film "The Damned".
He was born in Milan, Italy.

</doc>
<doc id="19412744" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19412744" title="Rampurwa, Narayani">
Rampurwa, Narayani

Rampurwa is a town and Village Development Committee in Bara District in the Narayani Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3,551 persons residing in 611 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19412747" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19412747" title="Ratnapuri, Nepal">
Ratnapuri, Nepal

Ratnapuri is a town and Village Development Committee in Bara District in the Narayani Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 6,463 persons living in 1167 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19412748" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19412748" title="Center for Bits and Atoms">
Center for Bits and Atoms

The Center for Bits and Atoms was established in 2001 in the MIT Media Lab at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology. It is currently run by Neil Gershenfeld. This cross-disciplinary center broadly looks at the intersection of information to its physical representation.
From the original NSF proposal:
MIT's Center for Bits and Atoms is an ambitious interdisciplinary initiative that is looking beyond the end of the Digital Revolution to ask how a functional description of a system can be embodied in, and abstracted from, a physical form. These simple, profound questions date back to the beginning of modern manufacturing and before that to the origins of natural science, but they have revolutionary new implications that follow from the recognition of the computational universality of physical systems. We can no longer afford to ignore nature's capabilities that have been neglected by conventional digital logic; it is at the boundary between the content of information and its physical representation that many of science's greatest technological, economic, and social opportunities and obstacles lie.
Research.
One of the early projects of the Center which has grown to become a global meme was the Fab lab—a model lab that could be set up quickly and inexpensively to provide basic fabrication capability for rapid prototyping of almost anything. The idea was that these labs would become easy enough to create that they could be set up almost anywhere in the world, and could be both self-sufficient and of use to the local community to support whatever engineering or fabrication projects they could imagine.
Since the first fab lab in 2001, a global community of supporters has grown up, including a FabFolk charitable organization. Roughly 100 groups calling themselves fab labs have grown up around the world, many supported at some stage by the CBA.
Academics / Classes.
The Center for Bits and Atoms is not a degree-granting department but does offer MIT courses within the MAS department at the graduate level. 

</doc>
<doc id="19412753" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19412753" title="1913 World Figure Skating Championships">
1913 World Figure Skating Championships

The World Figure Skating Championships is an annual figure skating competition sanctioned by the International Skating Union in which figure skaters compete for the title of World Champion. 
The 1913 men competitions took place on February 23, 1913 in Vienna, Austria.
The 1913 ladies competitions took place on February 10 to 11, 1913 in Stockholm, Sweden.
The 1913 pairs competition took place February 10, 1913 also in Stockholm, Sweden.
Results.
Men.
Judges were
Ladies.
Judges were
Pairs.
Judges were

</doc>
<doc id="19412755" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19412755" title="The Man with the Horn (song)">
The Man with the Horn (song)

"The Man with the Horn" is a song performed by Genesis frontman Phil Collins, and released as a B-side for two singles from "No Jacket Required". The song was originally recorded during sessions for Collins' second album, "Hello, I Must Be Going!", in 1982, although It appeared as the B-side to "Sussudio" in the U.K., and as the B-side to "One More Night" in the United States. The song was re-written for an episode of Miami Vice in which Collins guest-starred called "Phil The Shill." The song was renamed "(Life is a) Rat Race.". Collins has said he has "no emotional attachment" to the song. The song was not released as a single (nor was it included on any album). However, it charted at #38 on the Mainstream Rock Chart.
Musicians.
Phil Collins - Vocals, Drums, Percussion, Piano<br>
Daryl Stuermer - Guitars<br>
John Giblin - Bass Guitar<br>
Don Myrick - Tenor Saxophone Solo

</doc>
<doc id="19412756" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19412756" title="Rauwahi">
Rauwahi

Rauwahi is a town and Village Development Committee in Bara District in the Narayani Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2,414 persons living in 407 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19412777" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19412777" title="Sapahi, Narayani">
Sapahi, Narayani

Sapahi is a town and Village Development Committee in Bara District in the Narayani Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 7,209 persons living in 1275 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19412788" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19412788" title="Shreenagar Bairiya">
Shreenagar Bairiya

Shreenagar Bairiya is a town and Village Development Committee in Bara District in the Narayani Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2,635 persons living in 431 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19412800" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19412800" title="Andrew W. Needham">
Andrew W. Needham

Andrew W. Needham is a prominent American tax lawyer. He is a partner at Cravath, Swaine & Moore. He entered the prestigious law firm as a rare lateral partner in 2005 from Willkie Farr & Gallagher. Needham was among the Cravath partners who advised Johnson & Johnson in its 2011 purchase of Synthes, Inc. for $21.3 billion. The purchase of Synthes is the largest acquisition by Johnson & Johnson in its entire 125-year history.
A native of Albany, New York, Needham attended the University of Arizona, receiving his B.A. in 1982. He earned his J.D. from Georgetown University Law Center in 1986, as well as his Master of Laws in Taxation LL.M. in 1990. Needham also holds an M.B.A. from the Wharton School.
Needham became a partner at Willkie Farr & Gallagher in 1997. In 2005, he was hired as lateral partner by Cravath, Swaine & Moore. He was the firm's first true lateral partner in more than six decades, since Roswell Magill, a former Treasury Department official, who became a Cravath tax partner in 1943.

</doc>
<doc id="19412802" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19412802" title="Sihorwa">
Sihorwa

Sihorwa is a village and Village Development Committee in Bara District in the Narayani Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2,881 persons living in 478 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19412803" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19412803" title="F. W. Woolworth Building (Fort Worth, Texas)">
F. W. Woolworth Building (Fort Worth, Texas)

The F.W. Woolworth Building is a historic department store building located in Sundance Square neighborhood of Fort Worth, Texas. The building served as a retail location for the F. W. Woolworth Company from 1926 to 1990. It now houses a JoS. A. Bank Clothiers store.
Designed by Wiley G. Clarkson & James T. Taylor to be 10 stories tall, the limestone and concrete structure was only built as a three-story building. The classical revival building includes an elaborate frieze. In 1994, the National Register of Historic Places added the site.

</doc>
<doc id="19412807" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19412807" title="Sinhasani">
Sinhasani

Sinhasani is a town and Village Development Committee in Bara District in the Narayani Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3,520 persons living in 589 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19412813" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19412813" title="Sisahaniya, Narayani">
Sisahaniya, Narayani

Sisahaniya is a village and Village Development Committee in Bara District in the Narayani Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2,154 persons living in 343 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19412814" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19412814" title="A2 road (Latvia)">
A2 road (Latvia)

The A2 is a national road in Latvia connecting Riga to Estonian border (Veclaicene), also known as Vidzeme highway in Latvia. The road is part of European route E77 and Latvian TEN-T road network. After the border, the road turns in to Estonian National Highway 7, and then in Russia to A212 leading until Pskov. The length of A2 in Latvian territory is 196 kilometers. Currently A2 has 2x2 lanes from Riga until Sēnīte, and after that it turns to 1x1 lanes. A2 is one the first 2x2 road in Latvia, and also one of the busiest road in Latvia, especially between Riga and Sigulda. It was planned that in 2011 reconstruction of A2 between Riga and Senīe would start, thus converting it in to a motorway. The plans were canceled due to economic crisis. The current speed limit is 90 km/h. The average AADT on A2 in 2013 was 9735 cars per day.

</doc>
<doc id="19412824" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19412824" title="Tedhakatti">
Tedhakatti

Tedhakatti is a village and Village Development Committee in Bara District in the Narayani Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2,623 people living in 476 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19412829" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19412829" title="Tom Payne (newsreader)">
Tom Payne (newsreader)

Tom Payne (born 11 September 1943) was a newsreader in Tasmania.
He presented the TVT-6 (now WIN) evening news bulletins from 1972 until 2000.
Payne also worked in radio, starting as a panel operator at 7HO in Hobart, then worked at 2UW Sydney and 2GZ Orange. Payne spent time with 6RR in Perth as a DJ with the late Gary Meadows. He had a short stint at 3KZ in Melbourne before returning to Tasmania to take up the role of 7HT's breakfast announcer.
Payne is now a wedding celebrant in Hobart, Tasmania.

</doc>
<doc id="19412831" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19412831" title="Francis West (bishop)">
Francis West (bishop)

Francis Horner West was the Bishop of Taunton from 1962 until 1977. 
Born on 9 January 1909 and educated at Berkhamsted School and Magdalene College, Cambridge he was ordained in 1934. He was a Curate at " St Agnes Leeds" and then Chaplain of Ridley Hall, Cambridge. After wartime service as a Chaplain to the Forces he was Vicar of Upton then Archdeacon of Newark before his elevation to the Episcopate. An eminent author, he died on 2 January 1999.

</doc>
<doc id="19412834" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19412834" title="Telkuwa">
Telkuwa

Telkuwa is a village and Village Development Committee in Bara District in the Narayani Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2,531 persons living in 402 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19412840" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19412840" title="Terariya">
Terariya

Terariya is a village and Village Development Committee in Bara District in the Narayani Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2,679 persons living in 450 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19412841" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19412841" title="Pyramidella maculosa">
Pyramidella maculosa

Pyramidella maculosa is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.
Distribution.
This marine species occurs in the Red Sea, off New Zealand and in the following locations of the Indian Ocean :

</doc>
<doc id="19412853" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19412853" title="2009 Davis Cup">
2009 Davis Cup

The 2009 Davis Cup was the 98th edition of the most important tournament between national teams in men's tennis. Sixteen teams participated in the World Group and more than one hundred other took part in different regional groups. Spain won their fourth title. It is the first year that the ITF awarded ATP rankings points to the players competing in the World Group and related Play-Offs.
World Group Play-offs.
The eight losing teams in the World Group first round ties, and eight winners of the Group I second round ties compete in the World Group Play-offs.
Europe/Africa Zone.
Group I.
Seeds:
Remaining Nations:
Group III.
† Relegations to Group IV were ultimately not enforced, as Groups III and IV were reorganized into Group III (Europe) and Group III (Africa) for 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="19412854" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19412854" title="Uchidiha">
Uchidiha

Uchidiha is a village and Village Development Committee in Bara District in the Narayani Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2,934 persons living in 472 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19412858" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19412858" title="Umarjan">
Umarjan

Umarjan is a town and Village Development Committee in Bara District in the Narayani Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3,845 persons living in 610 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19412859" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19412859" title="Lonnie Mack discography">
Lonnie Mack discography

This is a list of Albums by Lonnie Mack.
Album discography.
Live albums.
"Lonnie Mack Live: Attack of the Killer V"

</doc>
<doc id="19412861" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19412861" title="Baby and Young Girls">
Baby and Young Girls

Baby and Young Girls () was an 1896 French silent actuality film directed by Georges Méliès. It was released by Méliès's company Star Film and is numbered 14 in its catalogues. The film is currently presumed lost.

</doc>
<doc id="19412866" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19412866" title="Forensic Services">
Forensic Services

Forensic Services (SCD 4) is a unit of the Metropolitan Police of London, England. Part of the Specialist Crime Directorate, their duties range from evidence recovery following burglaries to anti-terrorism work. It is divided into six units:

</doc>
<doc id="19412869" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19412869" title="Kalaiya">
Kalaiya

Kalaiya is a town and capital of Bara District in the Narayani Zone of south-eastern Nepal.Also it lies in central development region. At the time of the 2011 Nepal census it had a population of 42,826 persons residing in 6,847 individual households.
The town is the main gateway to Gadhimai Temple situated 4 km away at the Bariyarpur Village of the district. The town lies 14 km far from the Indian border.

</doc>
<doc id="19412872" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19412872" title="Bekim Fehmiu">
Bekim Fehmiu

Bekim Fehmiu (Serbo-Croatian: "Bekim Fehmiju", Беким Фехмију; 1 June 1936 – 15 June 2010) was a Yugoslavian theater and film actor of Albanian ethnicity. He was the first Eastern European actor to star in Hollywood during the Cold War.
Early life.
Fehmiu was born in Sarajevo, Kingdom of Yugoslavia to Albanian parents. His family descends from a noble family of Imerhalili from the town of Gjakova on Kosovo. In 1941, his family permanently moved to Prizren on Kosovo, where Bekim spent his childhood. He was part of the acting club at his high school in Prizren, and after graduation he became a member of County popular theatre in Pristina, the only professional Albanian language theatre in Yugoslavia. He graduated from the Faculty of Drama Arts (FDU) in Belgrade in 1960.
Acting.
In 1960, Fehmiu became a member of the Yugoslav Drama Theatre in Belgrade, which he left in 1967, citing bad treatment, to became a free artist.
Fehmiu's big break was the 1967 film "I Even Met Happy Gypsies", a subtle portrayal of Roma life which won two awards in Cannes and was nominated for an Oscar. Known for his macho appearance and mild manner, Fehmiu was then wooed by Western filmmakers and signed a contract with the Academy Award winning producer Dino De Laurentiis.
It was De Laurentiis who, in 1968, cast him as Odysseus in the acclaimed mini-series of "The Odyssey". It was the first blockbuster of Italian television and made Fehmiu an icon in Europe.
Fehmiu seemed poised for stardom in Hollywood as well, but his first American film, "The Adventurers", was a critical and financial disaster which "ruined any chances for Fehmiu to achieve similar stardom in Hollywood". He played the role of the busy father in Raimondo Del Balzo's heartbreaking film "The Last Snows of Spring" in 1973, and the role of a Palestinian terrorist in John Frankenheimer's 1977 masterpiece "Black Sunday". Despite his Hollywood films achieving little critical success, he excelled in European art house cinema as well as in the theatre, which was his natural medium. By the end of his career he had acted in nine languages, including French, Spanish and Italian.
In 1987, in protest at the Yugoslavian government's treatment of Kosovan Albanians, he walked off the stage at the Yugoslav Drama Theatre in Belgrade, during the play "Madame Kollontai" by Agneta Pleijel. He left the stage, and soon after, films.
Legacy.
The New York Times dubbed him the "Yugoslav heart-throb" for his youthful conquests and acquaintances with the likes of Brigitte Bardot and Ava Gardner. Decades after his last appearance on the screen, readers of a leading Italian women's magazine voted him one of the ten most attractive men of the 20th century.
Bekim Fehmiu appeared in 41 films between 1953 and 1998. Fehmiu was the first Albanian theater and film actor who acted in theaters and movies all over Yugoslavia, and he acted in a whole series of roles that changed the history of the Cinema of Yugoslavia and left a mark in the artistic developments abroad.
Personal life.
He was married to Serbian actress Branka Petrić. The couple had two sons, Hedon and Uliks (b. 1968), and resided in the Zvezdara area of Belgrade. Uliks Fehmiu is also an actor.
Autobiography.
In 2001, Samizdat B92 published a book of Bekim Fehmiu's memoirs, entitled "Blistavo i strašno" ("Brilliant and Terrifying"), which describes his life until 1955, the year he became an actor. 
Death.
Fehmiu was found dead on 15 June 2010 in his apartment in Belgrade. Initial reports stated he committed suicide. Interior Minister Ivica Dačić said Fehmiu was found shot in his apartment and the gun was registered in Fehmiu's name. He was 74 years old.
His body was cremated and the ashes were scattered in a river in Prizren where his family from his native Sarajevo was moved by turning a second home.

</doc>
<doc id="19412893" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19412893" title="Davidstow Circuit">
Davidstow Circuit

Davidstow Circuit is a disused motor racing circuit and airfield built in Cornwall, in the United Kingdom. The circuit was built on the site of a World War II RAF Coastal Command base, RAF Davidstow Moor, opened in 1942. Davidstow circuit opened in 1952, and held three Formula 1 races between 1954 and 1955. The circuit hosted its last race in 1955, and was one of many of Britain's airfields to be transformed into motor racing venues. Davidstow circuit is notable for the first victory in a Formula One race by a Lotus.
Track layout.
The original track layout of Davidstow circuit was used in 1952 and contained three corners; most drivers thought that this layout was not very challenging. The track was long and used the main runways of RAF Davidstow Moor.
The layout of Davidstow Circuit was changed for 1953. This layout was kept for 1954 and 1955 as well. The new layout contained a chicane before the first corner and was considerably shorter. This layout cut out the end of the original layout, which meant that this layout was only long. The start/finish straight remained in the same place on this layout.
Motorsport activities.
Motor racing commenced on 9 August 1952 when three races were run over the 2.6 mile circuit; from 1953, the shorter 1.85 mile circuit was used.
Sadly, the racing history of Davidstow can be counted in the number of races run – a grand total of 44. The first race meetings were organised by the Cornish Vintage Car Club – itself only founded in 1949 – and by the Plymouth Motor Club which was formed in 1908. When the racing arrived so did the rain. The preceding few days had seen members of the promoting clubs labouring in torrential rain to prepare the track and facilities and as race day dawned there was no let-up in the weather. Despite this the expected crowd of 800 had been surpassed when 3,000 arrived. It has been a truly appalling day weather-wise but everyone enjoyed themselves.
If Davidstow had one clear advantage over other circuits it was that there was a distinct absence of complaining populace. Two meetings were planned for 1953, on the Whitsun Bank Holiday Monday and on 1 August. The Bank Holiday dawned over Cornwall as a lovely summer's day and a crowd of 20,000 was hoped for, but this being Bodmin Moor it was blanketed in fog. After sheep were cleared from the bank straight, the weather had improved sufficiently to allow the drivers to have their statutory three laps of practice. So Davidstow’s first race commenced (as opposed to speed trails and relay races) over five laps for the first heat of the sports car race up to 1,500 cc. It was won by M.G. Llewellyn in an MG TD. After more fog related problems, Davidstow witnessed its first race for real racing cars – Formula Three over 20 laps. Two Kiefts won from two Coopers, Paulson and Westcott leading home Nurse and Piers. The winner’s average speed was 71.53 mph, with the fastest lap being shared between three drivers at 73.9 mph.
The meeting on 1 August saw the return of Formula Three cars, this time in better weather. Their event was expanded on this occasion to be run as two heats and a final, and attracted some of the great names of the day. Don Parker won the first heat in his Kieft from Stuart Lewis-Evans (Cooper), with Les Leston (Leston Special) third and Ken Tyrrell (Cooper) fourth. Both heats were run over 10 laps, with the second being won by Eric Brandon (Cooper) from Don Truman (Cooper) second, third was N. Berrow Johnson (Martin Special) and fourth, A.A. Butler (Cooper). The final was over 20 laps, Brandon winning at 75.99 mph and equalling his lap record he set in the early heat, with Parker second from Lewis-Evans and Leston. The season had ended on a high note and there were hopes for a better 1954.
For 1954, two meeting were organised for Bank Holiday Mondays, with Permits of National Status, with the bonus that races would be run for Formula One, Formula Two and Formula Libre in addition to the usual sports cars and Formula Three.
The first meeting was held on 7 June, which dawned to high winds and driving rain. Despite this the promise of a Formula One in Cornwall drew a crowd of 20,000 spectators. The Formula One was the eighth race of the programme and was over 20 laps. There were only seven starters although, there was a true Formula One amongst them, the majority of the entrants being runners in the early Formula Two race; John Riseley-Prichard (Connaught-Lea Francis Type A) won at a speed of 74.2 mph from Jack Walton (Cooper-Bristol) and Anthony Brooks (HWM-Alta), with another Cooper-Bristol fourth in the hands of Tom Kyffin. Later, the meeting was abandoned due the bridge over the track collapsing.
The next meeting of 1954 also featured a Formula One race. This was scheduled for Bank Holiday Monday, 2 August. Once again the weather took a hand, as the circuit was blanketed in fog, which later turned to a penetrating drizzle. The fifth race of eight was billed as being for Formula One and Formula Two, but in truth like before, no Formula One car was in sight, and only seven cars came to the start (and some of them were sports cars). The race was planned for 30 laps but reduced to 20; John Coombs won in the Lea Francis engined Lotus Mk8 at 72.65 mph. The next three places were all taken by Cooper-Bristol’s piloted by Tom Kyffin, Dick Gibson and Gordon Rolls. Some sources suggest that this was Lotus’s first Formula One win; however although complying with the current Formula O engine capacity limits the Mk8 was a sports car. Their first win in a World Championship race using a recognised Formula One car was Stirling Moss's victory in Monaco 1960, driving the Rob Walker entered Lotus 18.
For the 1955 season the organisers decided to concentrate on just one race meeting and this was held on Whit Monday, 30 May. It was their intention that this race meeting would be the last at Davidstow, but so it was to be. However, the circuit bowed out a high note. At the very end real Formula One cars completed at Davidstow. There was much excitement when it became known that Peter Collins had entered a Maserati 250F and an Aston Martin DB3S, but with only three days to ago, learned he was also entered into a meeting at Crystal Palace. Three Connaughts and three Coopers formed up on the grid, the undoubted star being the Connaught B3 driven by Leslie Marr. This was the streamlined car, of which was arguably one of the prettiest cars ever to race in the 2.5-litre Formula One and one of only two streamlined cars to complete at this level. The other being the Mercedes-Benz W196. There were three other non-starters in addition to Collins; Tony Rolt's Connaught B4, entered by Rob Walker was not ready in time. Tyrrell decided not to run against the assembled company of Kyffin, Charles Boulton and Bob Harris in their Connaughts and Gibson and F. Sowery, both in Coopers. Rolls' Tojeiro-Bristol was present but was withdrawn prior to the race. Marr was in his element, winning comfortably at 85.84 mph from Boulton, Kyffin, and Gibson. Not surprisingly Marr set the fastest lap at 88.21 mph.
In the very last race to be held at Davidstow, a Formula Libre race, Marr left the outright lap record at a fraction less than 90 mph in the B3, officially stopped the watch at 1min 14sec, a speed of 89.88 mph.
So Davidstow ended as a motor racing circuit; it has been a short career but by no means an inglorious one.
Today.
There is a flourishing ultralight and microlight flying school at the airfield today.

</doc>
<doc id="19412896" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19412896" title="Marina di Campo Airport">
Marina di Campo Airport

Marina di Campo Airport () is an airport located in the area of Marina di Campo which serves the island of Elba in Italy. It is also known as Teseo Tesei Airport ().

</doc>
<doc id="19412902" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19412902" title="2010 AFC Champions League">
2010 AFC Champions League

The 2010 AFC Champions League was the 29th edition of the top-level Asian club football tournament organized by the Asian Football Confederation (AFC), and the 8th under the current AFC Champions League title. The Final was held at the Olympic Stadium, Tokyo on November 13, 2010. The winner, Seongnam Ilhwa qualified for the 2010 FIFA Club World Cup in UAE.
Qualification.
The preliminary qualification scheme for the AFC 2010 was released in 2008. A total of 38 clubs were due to participate in the 2010 AFC Champions League (eventually reduced to 37).
AFC assessment ranking.
† One of the A-League clubs, Wellington Phoenix, is based in New Zealand, an OFC member country, therefore not being eligible to compete in the ACL.
Qualifying teams.
The following is the list of participants confirmed by the AFC.
TH Title holders
Schedule.
The ACL 2010 schedule was released on 17 July 2009. It will have the same format as the 2009 AFC Champions League.
Qualifying play-off.
The teams have been divided into two zones. East has four teams while West has three after AFC Cup champions Kuwait SC's failure to fulfil the criteria set by AFC to compete in the play-offs. The draw for the qualifying play-off was held on December 7, 2009 in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia. All losers from the qualifying play-off will enter the 2010 AFC Cup.
!colspan="3"|West Asia Semi-final
!colspan="3"|West Asia Final
!colspan="3"|East Asia Semi-finals
!colspan="3"|East Asia Final
Group stage.
The draw for the group stage was held on December 7, 2009 in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia.
Each club plays double round-robin (home and away) against fellow three group members, a total of 6 matches each. Clubs receive 3 points for a win, 1 point for a tie, 0 points for a loss. The clubs are ranked according to points and tie breakers are in following order:
Winners and runners-up of each group will qualify for the next round.
Knockout stage.
Round of 16.
The draw for the round of 16 was held on December 7, 2009, along with the draw for the qualifying play-off and group stage. The matches were played on May 11 and 12, 2010.
!colspan="3"|West Asia
!colspan="3"|East Asia
Quarter-finals.
The draw for the remaining rounds was held in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia on May 25, 2010. Because of the country protection rule, if there are two clubs from the same country, they will not face each other in the quarter-finals. Therefore, the two clubs from Saudi Arabia may not be drawn with each other in the quarter-finals. However, the same rule does not apply if there are more than two clubs from the country. Therefore, the four clubs from the Korea Republic may be drawn with each other in the quarter-finals.
The first legs were played on September 15, and the second legs were played on September 22, 2010.
Semi-finals.
The first legs were played on October 5 and 6, and the second legs were played on October 20, 2010.
Final.
The final was played on November 13, 2010. It was a one-leg match played at the National Stadium, Tokyo, Japan.
Top scorers.
Note: Goals scored in qualifying round not counted.

</doc>
<doc id="19412917" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19412917" title="Sidney A. Murray, Jr. Hydroelectric Station">
Sidney A. Murray, Jr. Hydroelectric Station

The Sidney A. Murray, Jr. Hydroelectric Station, also known as Louisiana Hydroelectric (LA Hydro), opened in response to a need for a non-polluting, less-costly power source for Vidalia, Louisiana. A site approximately 40 miles south of the town was selected for the new facility. The 192 MW plant started full-scale operations in 1990. It was designed to rely on the Mississippi River's natural flow and elevation drop at the Old River Control Structure, therefore not needing a large impound dam. It was also built in accordance with the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers existing water management objective with minimal impacts on the surrounding environment. The station operates more continuously than most run-of-the-river hydro plants, with a capacity factor of approximately 55% and an estimated availability in excess of 99%.
It is currently under an approved 42-year power purchase contract with Louisiana Power & Light (a subsidiary of Entergy). The city of Vidalia purchases 6% of the power with an option to purchase up to 15% of the generated power.
The LA Hydro is the largest prefabricated power plant in the world. Its main business office is located in Vidalia. The current station manager is David Harris.

</doc>
<doc id="19412927" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19412927" title="Indiana Wants Me">
Indiana Wants Me

"Indiana Wants Me" is a song written and originally recorded by Canadian singer-songwriter R. Dean Taylor. It was released on the Rare Earth label, a subsidiary of Motown Records, in 1970, and was a top ten hit in both the US and UK. In Cash Box magazine, the single hit #1.
The song is written from the viewpoint of someone who has murdered a man who insulted his woman; he is missing his family and hiding from the Indiana police, who eventually catch up with him. Taylor wrote the song after watching the movie "Bonnie and Clyde". The record was produced by Taylor, and arranged by him with David Van De Pitte. It was released on the Rare Earth label, formed by Motown in an attempt to establish itself in the rock music market. The police siren sounds at the start of the record were removed from some copies supplied to radio stations, after complaints that drivers hearing the song on the radio had mistakenly pulled over thinking that they were real. The siren is also heard during the instrumental section in the middle of the song.At the climax of the song, soon after the narrator has sung, "Yeah, love, it looks like they found me," the voice of a cop on the bullhorn is heard, commanding: "THIS THE POLICE. YOU ARE SURROUNDED. GIVE YOURSELF UP". This commandment is repeated once more. However, the narrator ignores the command, and a gun-and-rifle battle ensues between the narrator of the song and the police, as the song fades out.
The record became Taylor's first and biggest hit as a performer in the US, where it rose to no. 5 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 in late 1970. Taylor appeared on the TV show "American Bandstand" to promote the record. In the UK, where Taylor had had an earlier hit with "Gotta See Jane", it also became his biggest hit, reaching no. 2 on the UK singles chart in spring 1971.

</doc>
<doc id="19412935" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19412935" title="Ruth Allen">
Ruth Allen

Ruth Allen may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19412959" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19412959" title="Republic Day (Turkey)">
Republic Day (Turkey)

The Republic Day of Turkey is one of the public holidays in Turkey and Northern Cyprus, commemorating the proclamation of the republic in 1923. It lasts 35 hours, starting at 1:00 pm on 28 October.
The holiday commemorates 29 October 1923, when Mustafa Kemal declared that Turkey would be a republic. Turkey had effectively been a republic since 23 April 1920 (the establishment of Grand National Assembly of Turkey), but official recognition of this came only three years later. On 29 October 1923, the name of the nation, Turkey, and its status as a republic was declared. After that, a vote occurred in the Grand National Assembly, and Atatürk was elected as the first President of the Republic of Turkey.

</doc>
<doc id="19412969" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19412969" title="The Best American Short Stories 2008">
The Best American Short Stories 2008

The Best American Short Stories 2008, a volume in "The Best American Short Stories series", was edited by Heidi Pitlor and by guest editor Salman Rushdie.
Other notable stories.
In his introduction to the volume, Rushdie named several other writers whom he said that he was "sad to have left out" including Andre Aciman, David Foster Wallace, Rick DeMarinis, Beverly Jensen, Erin Soros, Shena McAuliffe, Brendan Mathews and Andrew Sean Greer. Among the other notable writers whose stories were among the "100 Other Distinguished Stories of 2007" were Daniel Alarcon, Jacob Appel, John Barth, Stuart Dybek, Mary Gordon, Marjorie Kemper, Stephen King, Molly McNett, Antonya Nelson, Jim Shepard, Melanie Rae Thon and John Updike.

</doc>
<doc id="19412976" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19412976" title="Franco Balducci">
Franco Balducci

Franco Balducci (born 23 November 1922) is an Italian film actor. He appeared in 75 films between 1947 and 1978. He was born in Umbria, Italy.

</doc>
<doc id="19412977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19412977" title="Key Habitat Site">
Key Habitat Site

A Key Habitat Site is a Canadian Wildlife Service designation for an area that supports at least 1% of the country's population of any migratory bird species, or subspecies, at any time. There may be overlap with areas designated as a migratory bird sanctuary or national wildlife area.

</doc>
<doc id="19412994" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19412994" title="Where's Elvis This Week?">
Where's Elvis This Week?

"Where's Elvis This Week?" was a short-lived, half-hour, weekly comedy television program hosted by Jon Stewart that aired on Sunday nights in the United Kingdom on BBC Two. It was filmed at the CBS Broadcast Center in New York City and featured a set of panelists—two from the United Kingdom, and two from the United States. The panelists discussed news items and cultural issues. It premiered in the UK on 6 October 1996, and five episodes aired in total. Notable panelists included Dave Chappelle, Eddie Izzard, Phil Jupitus, Nora Ephron, Craig Kilborn, Christopher Hitchens, Armando Iannucci and Norm Macdonald.

</doc>
<doc id="19412995" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19412995" title="Jean Cusson">
Jean Cusson

Jean Cusson (born October 5, 1942) is a retired professional ice hockey player who briefly played in the National Hockey League for the Oakland Seals. Cusson spent three years with the Canadian national team before the Seals signed him to a three-game amateur tryout contract in March, 1968. He only played two games for the Seals registering no points and a single shot on goal. He returned to Canada and played three seasons as a senior amateur, then moved to Switzerland and played out the remainder of his career in the Swiss National League.

</doc>
<doc id="19412997" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19412997" title="ElbaFly">
ElbaFly

ElbaFly was a broker who is based in Elba, and organizes flights to and from Italy.
Destinations.
The last destinations of ElbaFly were:
Fleet.
The Elbafly chartered fleet includes the following aircraft (as of 21 September 2008): 

</doc>
<doc id="19413004" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19413004" title="A4 road (Latvia)">
A4 road (Latvia)

The A4 is a national road in Latvia which is part of the ring road around Riga, connecting Baltezers to Saulkalne. The road is also known as the Riga bypass. The road is part of European route E67, European route E77 and Latvian TEN-T road network. The length of the A4 is 21 kilometers. Construction on A4 was started in 1964 and finished in 1980. Currently the A4 has 1+1 lanes in all its length. In 2011/2012 part of the A4 was reconstructed, and its planned that around year 2020 widening of the road to 2x2 lanes will start. Because of this, it would receive an expressway or motorway status, and the current 90 km/h speed limit would be raised. The average AADT of A4 in 2013 was 8130 cars per day.

</doc>
<doc id="19413005" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19413005" title="A Massive Swelling">
A Massive Swelling

A Massive Swelling: Celebrity Reexamined as a Grotesque, Crippling Disease and Other Cultural Revelations is the first book written by Cintra Wilson. The book consists of a collection of essays which focus on America's obsession with celebrity culture and how, according to Wilson, celebrity status and the desire to attain it, is a "grotesque crippling disease" that affects nearly every American who participates in and reacts to the mass media. Celebrities from Celine Dion to English post-punk front man from The Fall, Mark E. Smith are examined as victims of a larger, imaginary machine that uses artists for a period of time, and then discards them once they become unprofitable. In her book, Wilson focuses a good deal of attention to the influence that New York and Los Angeles play on people and their appetite for fame as well as the media's ability to manipulate consumers into believing that celebrities are somehow more physically equipped for success and that what is aggressively sought after and the envy of so many people is nothing more than a facade.

</doc>
<doc id="19413007" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19413007" title="1992 U.S. Men's Clay Court Championships – Singles">
1992 U.S. Men's Clay Court Championships – Singles

Jaime Yzaga was the defending champion, but lost in the first round this year.
MaliVai Washington won the title, defeating Claudio Mezzadri 6–3, 6–3 in the final.
Seeds.
A champion seed is indicated in bold text while text in italics indicates the round in which that seed was eliminated.

</doc>
<doc id="19413008" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19413008" title="NUTS of Belgium">
NUTS of Belgium

In the NUTS (Nomenclature of Territorial Units for Statistics) codes of Belgium (BE), the three levels are:
NUTS codes.
In the 2003 version, the Arrondissement of Verviers was coded BE333.
Local administrative units.
Below the NUTS levels, the two LAU (Local Administrative Units) levels are:
"The LAU codes of Belgium can be downloaded here:" "

</doc>
<doc id="19413014" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19413014" title="Margherita Gonzaga, Duchess of Lorraine">
Margherita Gonzaga, Duchess of Lorraine

Margherita Gonzaga (2 October 1591, Mantua – 7 February 1632) was the eldest daughter of Vincenzo I Gonzaga and Eleonora de' Medici; she was also a sister of Francesco IV Gonzaga, Ferdinando I Gonzaga, Vincenzo II Gonzaga and Eleonora Gonzaga. Her brothers all succeeded their father as Duke of Mantua and Eleonora became Holy Roman Empress by her marriage to Ferdinand II, Holy Roman Emperor.
Marriage.
She married Henry II, Duke of Lorraine on 24 April 1606. He had previously been married to Catherine of Navarre, sister of King Henry IV of France, but the marriage was childless due to the bride's age (Catherine was forty years old at the time of her marriage).
Henry and Margherita had four daughters, two of whom survived infancy:
Both of Margherita's two daughters married their cousins, who were Henry's successors due to the fact that Margherita had not given him a son to inherit his estates.
Death.
Margherita died in Nancy in 1632 at the age of forty. She had been a widow since 1624.

</doc>
<doc id="19413057" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19413057" title="1932 Mitropa Cup">
1932 Mitropa Cup

The 1932 season of the Mitropa Cup football club tournament was won by an Italian club for the first time. The winners were AGC Bologna, who defeated the holders First Vienna in the semi-finals, and then won by default without the final being played. Juventus FC and Slavia Prague, who contested the other semi-final were both disqualified following an invasion of the pitch in Prague, and what has been described as the worst violence ever in the competition. The Slavia goalkeeper, František Plánička, was injured when he was hit by a stone thrown by a spectator. 
Despite the violence, Hugo Meisl, president of the Austrian Football Association, described the competition as a doubly valuable public magnet ("Diese Mitropa-Cup-Konkurrenz erscheint ein doppelt schätzbarer Magnet für das Publikum zu sein").
This was the sixth edition of the tournament, and the fourth edition in which Italian clubs competed and Yugoslavian clubs did not compete.
Renato Cesarini of Juventus was highest scorer with five goals.
Semifinals.
1 The match was abandoned with Juventus leading 2-0; after Slavia had conceded two quick goals in the match and resorted to obstruction and time wasting, fans were incensed to the extent that they started throwing stones on the pitch, one hitting and seriously injuring Slavia goalkeeper Planicka. Slavia walked off and were pinned in their dressing rooms for hours while 1,500 soldiers and policemen formed a cordon. Slavia Prague and Juventus FC were both ejected from the competition.
Finals.
The final was scratched and AGC Bologna were awarded the cup after Slavia Prague and Juventus FC were both ejected from the competition.

</doc>
<doc id="19413067" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19413067" title="Fauntleroy Park (Seattle)">
Fauntleroy Park (Seattle)

Fauntleroy Park is a park at 3951 SW Barton Street in the Fauntleroy, West Seattle neighborhood of Seattle, Washington. Fauntleroy Creek begins here. Nearby Lincoln Park was called Fauntleroy Park until 1922.
The steep slopes that make up over 30% of the heavily wooded park rendered the land unbuildable, saving this property from the development of the adjacent neighborhood that began in the first decade of the 20th century and continued for more than half a century. The city acquired the land for a park in 1971. Unlike many Seattle parks, much of Fauntleroy Park remains essentially native habitat, a forest remnant undergoing natural succession. 18 acres of the park consists of hardwood and riparian forest; there are about 10 acres of conifer and mixed forests and approximately 5 acres of wetlands. Volunteers have been removing non-native weeds since 1996.
Although within city limits, the park is a natural green space and wildlife habitat including the headwaters of a historically fish-bearing stream, Fauntleroy Creek, rather than an urban park. The stream was once home to cutthroat trout; these are no longer found there, but local schoolchildren have restored stream habitat and stocked the stream with Coho salmon. Human activities there are generally limited to low-impact recreation such as walking, birdwatching and other observing of nature; it is not a site for more aggressive trail use such as mountain biking, and it lacks facilities for organized sports.
A local organization, the Friends of Fauntleroy Park founded in 1996, advocates for the park, with a focus on preservation and restoration of the park as a natural area, public education and use, and stewardship. Two other organizations focus on the watershed that has its headwaters in the park: Friends of Fauntleroy Creek, established 1989, and the Fauntleroy Creek Watershed Council, established 2001. Fauntleroy Church (United Church of Christ), adjacent to the park is listed as "Fauntleroy Community Church and YMCA" is a listed Seattle landmark.

</doc>
<doc id="19413089" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19413089" title="Heli Air">
Heli Air

Heli Air is a charter airline based in Sofia, Bulgaria. The airline was founded in 1990. The airline mainly transports passengers, cargo and mail. In the beginning, Heli Air only operated helicopters and subsequently incorporated the Antonov An-12, Antonov An-24, Cessna and Let L-410 into its fleet. Since 1999 Heli Air started to operate primarily on programs of United Nations and World Food Programme / UN - WFP /, where it enjoys a great reputation as a reliable operator, performed thousands of flying hours in difficult accessible locations and troubled countries such as Angola, Guinea, Mozambique, Ivory Coast, Sierra Leone, Sudan, Afghanistan and others. 
Fleet.
The Heli Air fleet includes the following aircraft (as of January 2014): 

</doc>
<doc id="19413098" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19413098" title="List of Dollhouse episodes">
List of Dollhouse episodes

"Dollhouse" is an American science fiction television series created by Joss Whedon which premiered on Fox on February 13, 2009 in the United States. It ran for two seasons before its cancellation, ending its run January 29, 2010. The series comprised a total of 27 produced episodes, with two unaired episodes – the original unaired pilot episode, "Echo" and the season one coda, "Epitaph One", which was aired internationally. Both episodes were made available on the season one DVD and Blu-ray releases.
The series focuses around Echo (Eliza Dushku), a member of a group of people known as "dolls." The dolls have had their personalities wiped clean so that they can be imprinted with any number of new personas, becoming "actives". Actives are given skills including memory, muscle memory, and language for different assignments, which are called "engagements". They are then hired out for particular jobs, crimes, fantasies, and occasional good deeds by the extremely wealthy. On missions, Actives are monitored internally (and remotely) by Handlers. In between tasks, they are mind-wiped into a childlike state referred to as the Tabula rasa (blank slate), and live in a futuristic dormitory/laboratory set up as a spa, complete with five-star cuisine, exercise equipment, pools, games, relaxation techniques and tai chi classes, and professional massages. The hidden facility is called the Dollhouse, run by Adelle DeWitt (Olivia Williams) and located in Los Angeles as part of an international network of similar facilities. The story follows Echo, who begins, in her mind-wiped state, to become self-aware.
During its two-season run, "Dollhouse" explores the issues of the morality and philosophy behind its technology, as well as showcasing the disastrous consequences of what could happen if the ability to wipe away a person's entire being could be put in the wrong hands. Switching between action/adventure, comedy, science fiction, drama, and conspiracy thriller, "Dollhouse" showcased Echo's ability to move into personhood within the tabula rasa state. During the first season the Dollhouse faces the insane rogue Active Alpha, and during the second season Echo faces down the Rossum Corporation—the force behind the Dollhouse.
"Dollhouse" also features an ensemble cast of the people in the Los Angeles Dollhouse, including Paul Ballard (Tahmoh Penikett), a discredited FBI agent who falls in love with Echo and finds himself entangled in the Dollhouse conspiracy in his attempts to free her, Victor (Enver Gjokaj) and Sierra (Dichen Lachman), two dolls who also "wake up" within their wiped state and fall in love with each other, and the people behind the Dollhouse—Adelle DeWitt (Olivia Williams); Topher Brink (Fran Kranz), the genius programmer behind the Dollhouse; Dr. Claire Saunders (Amy Acker), the scarred and haunted doctor of the Dollhouse who has secrets of her own; and Boyd Langton (Harry Lennix), Echo's handler and an ex-cop who struggles with the morality of the Dollhouse.
Episode list.
In this table, the number in the first column refers to the episode's number within the overall series, whereas the number in the second column indicates the episode's number within that particular season. "U.S. viewers (millions)" refers to the number of Americans who watched the episode upon its original broadcast.
Season 2 (2009–10).
Fox renewed "Dollhouse" for a 13-episode second and final season that began broadcasting on September 25, 2009. Citing persistently low ratings, Fox officially cancelled "Dollhouse" on November 11, 2009 during production of the 11th episode.

</doc>
<doc id="19413100" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19413100" title="Sisahaniya">
Sisahaniya

Sisahaniya may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19413120" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19413120" title="HSC-21">
HSC-21

HSC-21 Helicopter Sea Combat Squadron Two One, also known as the "Blackjacks", are a United States Navy helicopter squadron based at Naval Air Station North Island. HSC-21 is made up of five expeditionary detachments that deploy aboard ships including Combat Logistics Force support ships and Amphibious Assault ships, among others, and shore base as a part of the 2515th Naval Air Ambulance Detachment, Udari Army Airfield, Kuwait. HSC-21 flies the MH-60S "Knighthawk" helicopter.
History.
Helicopter Sea Combat Squadron TWO ONE, formerly the "Gunbearers" of HC-11, has been the cornerstone for West Coast Fleet Logistics Support since the original squadron was established on October 1, 1977 at Naval Air Station North Island, San Diego, California. In April 2005, the "Gunbearers" of HC-11 were redesignated as the "Blackjacks" of HSC-21, continuing a tradition of excellence to support the Navy’s future helicopter fleet organization.

</doc>
<doc id="19413121" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19413121" title="A3 road (Latvia)">
A3 road (Latvia)

The A3 is a national road in Latvia connecting Inčukalns to Estonian border in Valka. The road is part of European route E264, and part of TEN-T road network of Latvia. After the border, the road turns into Estonian National Highway 3, which leads to Jõhvi in northeastern Estonia. The length of A3 in Latvian territory is 122 kilometers. The road leads through the scenic Gauja National Park. Currently A3 has 1x2 lanes in full length. A3 bypasses Valmiera, which is one of the biggest cities in Latvia. There aren’t any plans to widen it in near future. Almost half of A3 was reconstructed in 2012. Speed limit is 90 km/h. The avarege AADT on A3 in 2013 was 4360 cars per day.

</doc>
<doc id="19413129" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19413129" title="Béla (given name)">
Béla (given name)

Béla (Magyar /belɒ/, English /beɪlə/ "BAY-luh") is a common Hungarian male given name. Its most likely etymology is from old Hungarian "bél" (heart, inside - meaning intestines in modern Hungarian). Other possible sources are a Turkic word meaning 'distinguished' and the Slavic word for 'white'.
Notable Bélas include:

</doc>
<doc id="19413133" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19413133" title="Samantha Shaw">
Samantha Shaw

Samantha "Sam" Slimp Shaw (born 10 February 1957) is an American politician from Alabama. She is a Republican. She was elected State Auditor of Alabama in 2006, and was re-elected in 2010. She is a member of the Executive Committee of the Alabama Republican Party.
Biography.
Shaw was born in Homewood, Alabama to June Daly and William M. 'Bill' Slimp. She graduated from Auburn University and employed as an accountant for the Shaw Oil Company, for a branch of La-Z-Boy Furniture Gallery, and for Alabama Steel Supply. She has also worked as a bookkeeper and office manager. In 1980, she married attorney Gregory Shaw. Samantha and Gregory Shaw have lived in Montgomery, Alabama for over 23 years, and have two sons.
Political career.
In 2000, she was manager of her husband's successful campaign for Judge of the Alabama Court of Criminal Appeals, and in 2006 was manager of his successful re-election campaign. Gregory Shaw was elected to the Alabama Supreme Court in 2008.
In 2002, Shaw was the Deputy Finance Director for the re-election campaign of U.S. Senator Jeff Sessions.
In 2006, Shaw ran for State Auditor. She finished second of four candidates in the Republican primary, with 26.4% of the vote, and won the run-off with 50.8%. She won in the general election with 54.1%.
In 2010, Shaw was elected to a second term as State Auditor, winning with 62.7% of the vote.

</doc>
<doc id="19413141" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19413141" title="Uncial 083">
Uncial 083

Uncial 083 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), ε 31 (Soden), is a Greek uncial manuscript of the New Testament, dated paleographically to the 6th/7th century. The codex now is located at the Russian National Library (Gr. 10) in Saint Petersburg. 
Description.
The manuscript contains a small part of the Gospel of John 1:25-41; 2:9-4:14,34-49, on 6 parchment leaves (28 by 26 cm). The text is written in two columns per page, 25 lines per page, in large uncial letters. It has no accents, breathings, or punctuation. The text is divided according to the Ammonian Sections, with a references to the Eusebian Canons. The Old Testament quotations are marker on the margin by inverted comma (»).
Currently it is dated by the INTF to the 6th or 7th century.
It came from the same codex as manuscript "Uncial 0112". It contains Gospel of Mark 14:29-45; 15:27-16:8, and the shorter Markan ending on 4 leaves. It was found by J. Rendel Harris. Harris published its text. It is now located at the Saint Catherine's Monastery, Sinai Harris (12, 4 ff.). 
From the same codex as manuscript "Uncial 0235". It contains Gospel of Mark 13:12-14.16-19.21-24.26-28 on 1 leaf (fragments). 
The fragment is located now in the Russian National Library (O. 149) in Saint Petersburg.
Text.
The Greek text of this codex is a representative of the Alexandrian text-type, with some alien readings. Kurt Aland placed it to Category II.
It contains Mark 15:28.
In John 1:28 it has textual variant Βηθαβαρα together with the manuscripts C2 K, Ψ, 0113, "f"1, "f"13 and Byz. Other manuscripts have βηθανια.
In John 3:12 it has textual variant πιστευετε (you believe) – instead of πιστευσετε (you will believe) – together with the manuscripts Papyrus 75 and Uncial 050.

</doc>
<doc id="19413143" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19413143" title="Zion College">
Zion College

Zion College was a Bible institute in Chattanooga, Tennessee. It was founded in 1949 by Highland Park Baptist Church to train African American ministers and church workers.
In 1964, the Zion College was renamed Chattanooga City College. In 1969, the college merged with the University of Chattanooga to form the University of Tennessee at Chattanooga as part of the University of Tennessee System.

</doc>
<doc id="19413144" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19413144" title="Annie Cordy">
Annie Cordy

Baroness Léonie Cooreman, known under the stage name Annie Cordy (born 16 June 1928), is a Belgian film actress and singer. She has appeared in 50 films since 1954. She has staged many memorable appearances at Bruno Coquatrix' famous Paris Olympia. Her version of ""La Ballade de Davy Crockett"" was number 1 in the charts for five weeks in France in August 1956. 
She was born in Laeken, Belgium, where in 2004, King Albert II of Belgium bestowed upon her the title of Baroness in recognition for her life's achievements.

</doc>
<doc id="19413160" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19413160" title="Kinkead's">
Kinkead's

Kinkead's, An American Brasserie the first of a series of fine dining restaurants opened Washington, DC by chef Robert Kinkead, primarily featuring seafood and New American cuisine. 
Kinkead had previously gained prominence at 21 Federal restaurant in DC and Nantucket Island before it went out of business in 1993. When Kinkead's opened in 1993 it was named one of the "25 best new restaurants in America" by Esquire Magazine. In 1995 Kinkead won the James Beard Award for "best American chef" in the Mid-Atlantic Region for his cooking at the restaurant. As of 2004 Kinkead's was one of two Mobil Guide four-star restaurants in Washington.
Kinkead also owned Colvin Run Tavern in Vienna, Virginia, which closed in 2007. Kinkead opened "Sibling Rivalry" with his brother, David, in 2004.
This restaurant is a frequent dining and date spot for the James Patterson character Alex Cross. 
Kinkead's closed in December 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="19413161" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19413161" title="1922 World Figure Skating Championships">
1922 World Figure Skating Championships

The World Figure Skating Championships is an annual figure skating competition sanctioned by the International Skating Union in which figure skaters compete for the title of World Champion.
The 1922 men competitions took place on February 5 to 6, 1922 in Stockholm, Sweden.
The 1922 ladies competitions took place on February 4 to 6, 1922 in Stockholm, Sweden.
The 1922 pairs competition took place January 29, 1922 also in Davos, Switzerland.
Results.
Men.
Judges were
Ladies.
Judges were
Pairs.
Judges were

</doc>
<doc id="19413173" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19413173" title="Prelude to Fame">
Prelude to Fame

Prelude to Fame is a 1950 British drama film directed by Fergus McDonell from a story by Aldous Huxley. It starred Guy Rolfe, Kathleen Byron, Kathleen Ryan, and James Robertson Justice.
Synopsis.
While vacationing in Italy, Nick Morell (Robin Dowell), son of John Morell (Guy Rolfe), a famous English philosopher and amateur musician and his wife Catherine (Kathleen Ryan), becomes friendly with young Guido (Jeremy Spenser), and Morell discovers the boy has an extraordinary instinct for orchestration and a phenomenal music memory. A neighboring couple, Signor and Signora Boudini (Henry Oscar and Kathleen Byron) become aware of the boy's talents, and she appeals to his parents to let her educate him musically. Torn by their love for their son and, they feel,the duty to let the world hear his talent, they consent. The boy is tutored by Dr. Lorenzo (John Slater). Signora Bondini denies the boy all contact with his parents and everyone else except her. She also has neither sent his letters to his family, nor let him see the ones they've sent to him. He becomes phenomenally successful and makes the grand tour of Europe as Signora Bondini is enraptured by the acclaim given her through her "discovery" of the boy. She prepares to take him to America and also prepares adoption papers.

</doc>
<doc id="19413179" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19413179" title="Lippo (given name)">
Lippo (given name)

Lippo is an Italian historical male name and it represents a diminutive of Filippo (usually Pippo in Italy nowadays). It may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19413194" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19413194" title="West Indian cricket team in New Zealand in 2008–09">
West Indian cricket team in New Zealand in 2008–09

The West Indies cricket team toured New Zealand between 5 December 2008, and 13 January 2009. They played two Test matches, two Twenty20 Internationals (T20Is) and five One Day Internationals (ODIs) against the hosts, plus a three-day match against State Championship side Auckland. This was the first series between the sides since the West Indies toured New Zealand in 2005–06; their previous meeting was in the Super 8 stage of the 2007 Cricket World Cup.
New Zealand cricket team.
The New Zealand side had just returned from the first leg of a tour to Australia where they played two Test matches against the hosts, losing both. Prior to the second test against Australia, Andy Moles was announced as the replacement for retiring New Zealand coach John Bracewell with the West Indian series to be his first in charge of the team. One of his first moves was to replace a number of support staff and insist that he and captain Daniel Vettori be "the only voices in the dressing room". He also switched the roles on batsmen Daniel Flynn and Jesse Ryder, deciding that Flynn is better suited to the number 3 position and Ryder to the number 5.
At the start of the Test series, the New Zealand team were eighth on the ICC Test Championship rankings.
West Indian cricket team.
The West Indies had recently lost all three matches of a ODI series against Pakistan. Their previous Test series was at home to Australia in May and June 2008, when they lost two Tests and drew one. At the beginning of the Test series, they were ranked seventh in the ICC Test Championship, one spot higher than New Zealand.
Squads.
The New Zealand team for the Test series was announced on 6 December while the West Indies named their side on 5 November.
First leg.
Tour match.
The only warm-up match for the West Indies was a three-day match against State Championship side Auckland. Having lost the toss and been put in to field on a batting-friendly pitch, the West Indian bowlers could only manage two wickets on the first day. Auckland reached 359/2 at stumps with Richard Jones leading the way on 186 not out. On day two Jones continued on to his maiden first-class double century before being dismissed for 201. The Auckland side continued batting until just before tea, declaring at 587/7 once Gareth Hopkins had brought up his century. At stumps on the second day, the West Indian team had reached 82 without losing a wicket. They batted throughout the final day, finishing on a score of 431/7. Ramnaresh Sarwan made the highest score for the West Indians, retiring out on a score of 158. Auckland captain Jones said that they had batted for so long before declaring because he felt that the West Indies weren't going to push for a result either. West Indian fast bowler Fidel Edwards said that the pitch had been "tiring to bowl on" but was a good workout for the bowlers prior to the Test series.
Test Series.
1st Test.
On the day prior to the start of the first Test Jacob Oram suffered a calf strain and was unable to recover with Kyle Mills being flown in to replace him. Daniel Vettori won the toss for New Zealand and decided to bat first. The new opening partnership – New Zealand's 18th in 36 Tests – had only put on ten runs before Jamie How got out. Daniel Flynn and Tim McIntosh put on a partnership of 87 until McIntosh was dismissed after lunch followed by Ross Taylor falling to an injudicious shot. Flynn became the first New Zealander to be dismissed under the experimental review system, being given out LBW for 95; when bad light stopped play early, New Zealand were 226/4. There was no action on the second day of the match with the umpires calling off play due to rain. A further session was lost on the third day while the ground was dried, with play beginning at 2:45 pm (just over 3 hours after the scheduled start). Brendon McCullum and Jesse Ryder began well but were both dismissed shortly after the West Indies took the new ball. After some resistance from the final batsmen, New Zealand were dismissed for 365. The West Indian opening batsmen negotiated the 14 overs remaining in the day to be 39 without loss at stumps.

</doc>
<doc id="19413234" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19413234" title="Laura Zúñiga">
Laura Zúñiga

Laura Elena Zúñiga Huizar (born January 3, 1985 in Culiacán, Sinaloa) is a Mexican model and beauty queen, center of a drug trafficking scandal in December 2008. The critically acclaimed 2011 film "Miss Bala" ("Miss Bullet") is loosely based on Zúñiga and her involvement in the events of December 2008.
Biography.
After winning the state pageant title of Nuestra Belleza Sinaloa, Laura Zúñiga competed against thirty-two other contestants in the national pageant Belleza México 2008, held on September 20, 2008 in Monterrey, Nuevo León, where she placed as the "suplente" and was automatically selected to represent the country in the Miss International 2009 pageant.
On October 30, 2008 she participated in Reina Hispanoamericana (Hispanic-American Queen) representing Mexico in Santa Cruz, Bolivia bringing the title to Mexico for the first time.
Scandal.
On December 22, 2008, Laura Zúñiga was arrested in Zapopan, Jalisco, along with seven men who allegedly carried US$53,000 in cash, two AR-15 rifles, three handguns, 633 cartridges of different calibers, and 16 cellphones. The arrest was made by the state police of Zapopan and Mexican Army officers. In her initial statement, Zúñiga declared that she was on her way to a party in Guadalajara and that she and her boyfriend were going "shopping in Colombia and Bolivia." The media noted that Colombia and Bolivia are both, main suppliers of cocaine to the Mexican drug cartels. During a later interview with Joaquin Lopez Doriga in Radio Formula, Zúñiga declared that she was kidnapped by her boyfriend Ángel Orlando García Urquiza, apparently a high-ranking leader of the Juárez Cartel and brother of an imprisoned drug lord, and that she was unaware of his illicit activities. The critically acclaimed 2011 film, Miss Bala, or "Miss Bullet", is loosely based on Zúñiga.
The Nuestra Belleza Mexico organization released a statement saying it had no knowledge of Zúñiga's alleged narco-trafficking ties and that it would decide pending an investigation whether or not to let her keep her crown. "Nuestra Belleza Mexico has been a serious, honest and transparent organization", said the group's president Lupita Jones, in the statement sent to the media. On December 25, 2008, a second statement was released announcing that Zúñiga had been stripped of her title as Miss Mexico International 2009. Her successor, Ana Gabriela Espinoza Marroquín, was awarded the crown. On December 26, 2008, she was dethroned as Reina Hispanoamericana 2008 and replaced by Vivian Noronha Cia from Brazil.
Zúñiga was sentenced to 40 days under arrest but was released from the detention center on January 30, 2009 after the judge found no evidence that tied her to any criminal activity. As of 2010, Zúñiga has made a quiet comeback into the modeling industry.

</doc>
<doc id="19413248" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19413248" title="The Needlewoman">
The Needlewoman

The Needlewoman () is an oil-on-canvas painting by Diego Velázquez, painted between 1635 and 1643. It is housed in the National Gallery of Art in Washington, D.C.
Subject.
"The Needlewoman" is an unfinished portrait, in which the head, modeled in light and shadow, is the most fully realized part. The arms and hands are sketched in briefly. The result displays Velázquez's facility for portraying gesture, his method of summarily constructing the figure, and his ability to suggest a subject's melding into the surrounding atmosphere. 
Similarities have been noted between "The Needlewoman" and "The Lady with a Fan"; not only do the facial features seem consistent, but so, too, is the brushwork of the face and chest. Although the subject's identity is not known for certain, it has been proposed that she was Francisca Vélazquez del Mazo, the artist's daughter. If, indeed, the subject in both paintings was the same sitter, it would at least suggest an intimacy between artist and subject.
Attribution.
The attribution has not been uncontested. As recently as 1944 biographer F. J. Sánchez Cantón concluded that the painting was begun by Velázquez but completed by his son-in-law, Juan Bautista Martinez del Mazo. However, the traditional attribution of the painting as entirely by the master is supported by the inventory made of the work in Velázquez's rooms at the time of his death, which includes a description of "Another head, of a woman doing needlework".
The painting came into the possession of Andrew W. Mellon in 1927, thence to the National Gallery as part of the Mellon collection in 1937.
References.
López-Rey, Jóse, "Velázquez: Catalogue Raisonné". Taschen, 1999. ISBN 3-8228-6533-8

</doc>
<doc id="19413263" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19413263" title="The House Next Door (novel)">
The House Next Door (novel)

The House Next Door is a 1978 horror novel written by Anne Rivers Siddons. It was first published by Simon & Schuster and became a "New York Times" bestseller. In his book "Danse Macabre" noted horror author Stephen King writes that this is one of the best genre novels of the 20th century. In 2006 it was adapted into a made-for-TV movie starring Lara Flynn Boyle and Mark Paul Gosselaar.
The novel is written in the first person narrative (with the brief exception of the epilogue, which is written from the third person perspective) and is told from the point of view of Colquitt Kennedy, who lives with her husband Walter next to the house of the title. One of the more interesting aspects of the story is that it is never definitely stated what force occupies the house next door; though Colquitt and her husband come to believe that it is possessed by some kind of malevolent intelligence Siddons never explicitly makes it clear. The novel has three main sections and is bookended by both a prologue and an epilogue.

</doc>
<doc id="19413276" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19413276" title="Oscar Díaz (boxer)">
Oscar Díaz (boxer)

Oscar Diaz (born September 29, 1982 in San Antonio, Texas) is a professional boxer of Mexican descent. He is a former NABF welterweight titleholder.
Professional career.
Díaz made his professional debut on March 16, 2001, and in 2004 suffered his first defeat to former prospect Ebo Elder.
On July 16, 2008, Diaz took on Delvin Rodriguez on ESPN2. The game Diaz took serious punishment throughout the fight and was unable to continue in the 11th round of the fight. He then collapsed in the ring. Diaz underwent surgery to reduce the swelling on his brain, and subsequently went into a coma.
Recovery.
Diaz awoke from his coma after two months in September 2008, and was reportedly breathing on his own and in stable condition.
According to the San Antonio Express News, Diaz was discharged from University Hospital in San Antonio and moved to a local rehabilitation facility.

</doc>
<doc id="19413321" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19413321" title="2010 Ryder Cup">
2010 Ryder Cup

The 38th Ryder Cup was held 2010 at the Celtic Manor Resort in Newport, Wales. It was the 17th time the Ryder Cup had been staged in Britain, but the first time in Wales. The tournament was played on the newly constructed "Twenty Ten" course, specifically designed for the event. The team captains were Colin Montgomerie for Europe and Corey Pavin for the United States. With the U.S. as the defending champion, Europe won by a score of 14½ to 13½ and regained the Cup, its sixth victory in the last eight competitions. The event was plagued by bad weather with play having to be suspended twice. Having taken a 3-point lead into the singles matches Europe faced a U.S. fightback and the conclusion of the Ryder Cup 2010 went right down to the anchor match between Graeme McDowell and Hunter Mahan. Eventually McDowell defeated Mahan 3 & 1 to regain the Cup for Europe.
This was an unprecedented fourth consecutive victory at home by Europe. (The U.S. was undefeated at home (13–0) through 1983, but has not had consecutive home victories since.)
The competition was officially opened by Carwyn Jones, First Minister for Wales.
Format.
The Ryder Cup is a match play event, with each match worth one point. The original schedule in 2010 was:
With a total of 28 points, 14½ points are required to win the Cup, and 14 points are required for the defending champion to retain the Cup. All matches were played to a maximum of 18 holes.
It was the second time in succession that the schedule for four-ball (better ball) and foursome (alternate shot) matches on Day One and Day Two has been changed, i.e. it was scheduled to be effectively the same timetable as was used in 2006.
Revised format.
As a result of the long suspension of play on the first day due to heavy rain, the format for the rest of the competition was changed to try to bring a conclusion to the matches on Sunday. However, further heavy rain caused a delayed start on Sunday, so that the last of the revised sessions would be played on Monday. Because of the changes, there were a number of Ryder Cup firsts. For the first time in the history of the Ryder Cup, all 24 players took part in pairing sessions at the same time in six pairings (as opposed to the usual four pairings) and in another first for the event both foursome and four-ball matches were played in the same session at the same time. It is also the first time that the competition went into a fourth day. The revised schedule consisted of four sessions as opposed to the usual five.
The total number of each type of match remained the same, 8 four-ball, 8 foursomes, and 12 singles. By captains' agreement, matches would conclude at sundown Monday if not completed before then. Any matches still in progress would be considered halved at that point.
Team qualification and selection.
The European team consisted of:
In previous Ryder Cups, only two wildcard places were available on the European team, but on 2009 it was announced that this had been increased to three.
The United States team consisted of:
Teams.
The top players for the USA (8) and Europe (9) as determined by their points performance (described above) received automatic selection. The remaining players on each team were selected at the discretion of the team captains. Qualification for Team Europe ended on , at which time, the captain's picks were named. Team USA was finalised on . Tiger Woods was a captain's pick for the first time ever.
The Official World Golf Rankings shown are as of 2010, the last assessment issued before the Ryder Cup. The average ranking of the American team was 17.3 and that of the European team was 18.3. 
In December 2010, BBC Sport named the Europe squad "Team of The Year".
<br>
Vice-captains.
Each captain also selected a number of vice-captains to assist him during the tournament and to advise the players on-course as it is impossible for the captain to do so on every hole.
The European vice-captains were:
Olazábal was added as a fifth vice-captain midway through the tournament, when the revised format meant that there were not enough captains to cover all six matches simultaneously.
The USA vice-captains were:
Session 1 (Friday and Saturday).
Four-ball.
Four-balls play on Friday began on schedule but was suspended at BST due to poor course conditions because of rain. Play was resumed at as the water had drained off the course but was suspended again for the day just after BST. Play was completed Saturday morning.
Session 2 (Saturday).
Foursomes.
In order to fit the intended number of matches into a schedule that had been condensed due to the weather, three sessions of four matches each were converted into 2 sessions of 6 matches each, requiring all 24 players to play during Sessions 2 and 3.
Session 3 (Saturday and Sunday).
Four-ball.
Play began in the third session on late Saturday afternoon. Team Europe was leading all six matches when darkness halted play. Start of play on Sunday was delayed until 13:20, due to severe weather overnight leaving running water on the fairways again.
Opening concert.
A concert, dubbed 'Welcome to Wales', was held at the Millennium Stadium in Cardiff on 29 September 2010, two days prior to the beginning of the Ryder Cup.
Shirley Bassey, Katherine Jenkins, Catherine Zeta-Jones and Only Men Aloud! featured in the 90 minute televised event. The European and US golfers appeared on stage to greet the audience. The event was headlined by Lostprophets. The event was hosted by Steve Jones.
The concert marked Shirley Bassey's first appearance in Wales for over 5 years.
The event replaced a planned traditional gala dinner and was introduced by celebrities and golf stars. The concert featured musical performances by international superstars. The event was welcomed by Carwyn Jones, the First Minister of Wales.

</doc>
<doc id="19413327" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19413327" title="Tom Baehr-Jones">
Tom Baehr-Jones

Tom Baehr-Jones (born January 15, 1980 in Brooklyn, New York) is an American physicist who has made contributions in the field of Nanophotonics. His findings have been published in Nature, Nature Materials, the IEEE/OSA Journal of Lightwave Technology, and Optics Express, among many others. Baehr-Jones is a co-founder of Luxtera, Inc. He is currently at the University of Washington in Prof. Michael Hochberg's group.

</doc>
<doc id="19413344" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19413344" title="A10 road (Latvia)">
A10 road (Latvia)

The A10 is a national road in Latvia connecting Riga to Ventspils. The road is part of the European route E22.

</doc>
<doc id="19413350" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19413350" title="Sky Work Airlines">
Sky Work Airlines

SkyWork Airlines AG is a Swiss airline, with its head office in Belp. Previously the airline's head office was in the north terminal of Bern Airport in Belp. It primarily operates scheduled flights to destinations across Europe and Northern Africa, with charter operations throughout the summer months.
Fleet.
Sky Work Airlines operates the following aircraft as of December 2013:
Destinations.
Sky Work Airlines operates scheduled flights to the following destinations ():

</doc>
<doc id="19413374" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19413374" title="Sands Films">
Sands Films

Sands Films is a small British film production company, founded by producer Richard Goodwin and director Christine Edzard in the early 1970s, and based in Rotherhithe, London. The company is known for its production of costumes for period dramas. Recent films includes "Bright Star" (2009), "The Young Victoria" (2009), "Anonymous" (2011), "Bel Ami" (2012) and "Les Miserables" (2012).
As an independent film production studio Sands Films has its own soundproof stage, workshops, costume department, set construction workshop, cutting room, cinema and otherl services needed to make films. It is a self-sufficient and fully integrated production facility. Cinema and television companies as varied as Working Title, Talkback, BBC, C4, Freemantle, Ridley Scott Associates, Sky TV, the Royal Opera House, the New York Metropolitan Opera and Canal+ have used the facilities at Sands for their projects. The studio has also been successful in delivering full production packages to companies in need of a London studio base, from "A Passage to India" (1984) to "Bright Star" (2009). Sands films supplied facilities to Working Title's productions of "Anna Karenina" (2012) and the forthcoming "Les Misérables".
Notable productions for which the company has produced costumes include all the Agatha Christie films produced by EMI (including "Death on the Nile"), 
"Vanity Fair" (2004), "The Phantom of the Opera" (2004), "Fingersmith" (2005), and "Pride & Prejudice" (2005).
The building that Sands Films occupies is a former granary, now a grade II listed building. Since 1976, it has housed a small film stage, film theatre, picture library, workshops and costume stores. Recently, Sands Films has been raising money to finance the acquisition of this property and to modernise its production facilities. The situation has arisen because the property owner were seeking to redevelop the site. The aim of this business plan is to protect the company's place of business and to secure the long term continuation and development of the studio activities. In September 2011 Sands Films has offered to purchase the property this offer has been accepted and the completion took place on Friday 18 May 2012. The company continues nevertheless its fund raising activity.

</doc>
<doc id="19413393" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19413393" title="Hyman Golden">
Hyman Golden

Hyman Golden (1923 – September 14, 2008) was one of the co-founders of the Snapple Beverage Corporation (now part of the Dr Pepper Snapple Group) and was the company's chairman when the firm's juice drinks and teas attained national attention in the late 1980s.
Golden was born in Passaic, New Jersey, to an immigrant Romanian father, and grew up in Middle Village, Queens. He served in the United States Air Force. Golden had little formal education and one of his early jobs was as a window washer for his father. He worked as a business broker and later founded a maintenance company together with Leonard Marsh, his wife Mitzi's brother.
Golden co-founded Unadulterated Food Products in 1972 to sell fruit juices to health food stores, together with Marsh and Arnold Greenberg, who himself operated a health food store in Manhattan's East Village. Golden's partners, Marsh and Goldberg, had been childhood friends since the early 1930s, who had both attended PS 165 and Samuel J. Tilden High School in Brooklyn. The word "Snapple" was introduced for a lines of drinks introduced in the early 1980s and is derived from a carbonated apple juice. The firm's iced tea line, introduced in 1987, led to skyrocketing sales as health-conscious consumers reached for one of the first ready-made iced tea drinks produced with real-brewed tea and natural ingredients.
The company, originally headquartered in Brooklyn, relocated to Valley Stream, New York, where the partners lived. As the company grew exponentially the firm was bought out by Thomas H. Lee Company in April 1992 for $140 million, with the three original partners retaining a one-third share of the company which had annual sales of $100 million the previous year. The company went public in December 1992 for $10 per share, split two-for-one in 1993, and was bought out by the Quaker Oats Company in November 1994 for $1.7 billion, with $1.1 paying for the 68% share in the firm held by Thomas H. Lee Company, along with Hyman and his original two partners. The company changed hands several times over the years and is now a part of the Dr Pepper Snapple Group. Golden retired as Snapple's chairman in 1995.
He died on September 14, 2008 in Great Neck, New York of complications from a stroke.

</doc>
<doc id="19413394" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19413394" title="Adalberto Maria Merli">
Adalberto Maria Merli

Adalberto Maria Merli (born 14 January 1938) is an Italian television and film actor. He has appeared in 27 films since 1965. 
Born in Rome, Merli had his breakout role in the 1968 RAI television series "La freccia nera". After some further television success through the TV series "Le terre di Sacramento" and "E le stelle stanno a guardare" Merli made his film debut in the 1971 Miklós Jancsó's drama film "La tecnica e il rito", then he became quite active in films of "poliziottesco" or political genre, often in leading roles. Merli is also active as a voice actor.

</doc>
<doc id="19413405" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19413405" title="Tom Horne">
Tom Horne

Thomas Charles "Tom" Horne (born March 28, 1945) is the current Arizona Attorney General. He served as the Arizona Department of Education Superintendent of Public Instruction from 2003 to 2011.
Early Life and Education.
Horne is a graduate of Harvard College (1967) and Harvard Law School (1970).
During his 30 years of law practice, Horne served as Special Assistant Attorney General and a Judge Pro Tem in Maricopa County Superior Court and Arizona Court of Appeals. Horne served as a teacher of Legal Writing at Sandra Day O'Connor College of Law and is the author a legal text on construction law published by the State Bar of Arizona. He is peer-rated 5/5.0 (AV Preeminent) by Martindale-Hubbell.
Arizona House of Representatives.
Horne served in the Arizona House of Representatives from 1997 until 2001. He chaired the Academic Accountability Committee and served as vice-chair of the Education Committee.
State Superintendent of Public Instruction.
Horne served as the elected Superintendent of Public Instruction from 2003-2011.
Among his earliest acts in office was to push for a strengthening of Arizona’s social studies standards so that instruction on topics such as the United States Constitution, Declaration of Independence, and the Greco-Roman basis of western civilization would be emphasized not only in elementary grades, but reiterated at later grade levels.
Horne also made a priority of enforcement of Arizona’s voter-approved law mandating that English be the language of classroom instruction (with the exception of foreign language classes).
He also pushed for nutritional standards that removed junk food from schools in the elementary grades and created incentives for secondary schools to do so on a voluntary basis.
Testing protocols were also significantly changed during Horne’s administration. He oversaw the development of a dual-purpose assessment that was unique in combining assessments on both state and nationally-defined standards. This cut standardized testing time in half, restoring that time to classroom instruction.
Controversy arose when Horne sought to address curriculum matters as they related to racially-based studies. Horne was alerted to a race-based program in the Tucson Unified School District and, based on a review of the curriculum, championed a law to address the problems these materials presented. A state law was passed that prohibited curricula that either: 1) Promote the overthrow of the United States government. 2) Promote resentment toward a race or class of people. 3) Are designed primarily for pupils of a particular ethnic group. 4) Advocate ethnic solidarity instead of the treatment of pupils as individuals.
In his final act as Superintendent Horne found the Tucson district’s Ethnic Studies program, specifically the Mexican American (Raza) Studies component, to be out of compliance with this law.
Horne was also successful in implementing the Arizona Instrument to Measure Success (AIMS) test, which was approved by the legislature in the 1990s, but did not go into effect until 2006. Despite some controversy over the requirement that students pass the test before graduating high school, the test is now an accepted part of the state education system. Horne created an incentive program whereby students who exceed standards on the AIMS test and meet other criteria receive tuition scholarships to Arizona’s public universities.
Attorney General.
On November 2, 2010, Horne defeated Felecia Rotellini in the race for Arizona Attorney General in the 2010 elections.
Horne filed an action in federal court calling on the Obama administration to drop its challenge of S.B. 1070.
Horne joined the multi-state effort to challenge the constitutionality of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, commonly called Obamacare. Horne stated that "The constitution does not give the power to the federal government to force people to buy things they don't want to buy, such as health insurance."
Horne personally argued at the U.S. Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals in favor of Arizona’s law that requires proof of citizenship when registering to vote. The three-judge panel ruled that federal law preempts the state requirement. Horne successfully petitioned for an en banc review, and argued the case before the full court late in FY 2011. The court struck down the Arizona law in part. The US Supreme Court has agreed to rule on the constitutionality of the law
During 2011, the Attorney General’s Office concluded a number of major consumer settlements. Among them was the largest pharmaceutical payout in Arizona history in the amount of $2.1 million, which is part of a record $68.5 million settlement between AstraZeneca Pharmaceuticals LP and 37 states.
Another major pharmaceutical settlement was reached with another 37 state Attorneys General in FY 2011 in which GlaxoSmithKline PLC and SB Pharmco Puerto Rico paid a total of $40.75 million arising from allegations of substandard manufacturing processes.
Drug Cartel Operations.
Horne has partnered with many law enforcement agencies in an effort to fight drug cartels. Notable examples include:
In September, 2011 Horne’s office, along with the Drug Enforcement Administration, Federal Bureau of Investigation, Avondale Police Department, U.S. Border Patrol, U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement, U.S. Marshall’s Service, Marana Police Department, Oro Valley Police Department, Sahuarita Police Department, Tucson Police Department, Phoenix Police Department, Department of Public Safety, arrested 17 members of a large scale cocaine trafficking organization which had smuggled into the United States between 25 and 33 million dollars worth of cocaine.  The operation dismantled a sophisticated and large scale cocaine smuggling enterprise which smuggled 35 kilograms of cocaine per day, 3 times per week, hidden in vehicles that entered through Nogales, Mondays, Wednesday, and Fridays, like clockwork.  That operation is dismantled. 
In October 2011, in conjunction with several Arizona authorities, Horne’s office completed “Operation Pipeline Express,” which involved the arrest of 76 individuals who smuggled more than 330 tons of illegal narcotics a year through Arizona’s western desert, generating almost 2 billion dollars in illicit proceeds.  It had produced such huge profits by having a virtual monopoly of smuggling drugs over an 80 mile section of Arizona’s border with Mexico, from Yuma to Sells.  It has been shut down.   
In May, 2011, Attorney General Horne’s office, in cooperation with the Drug Enforcement Administration, U.S. Border Patrol, Tohono O’Odham Nation Police Department, U.S. Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco and Firearms, U.S. Dept. of Homeland Security, Federal Bureau of Investigation, Bureau of Indian Affairs, and the South Tucson Police Department arrested 21 suspected members of a drug trafficking organization working on behalf of the Mexican sinaloa cartel.  This operation effectively dismantled the organization that monopolized drug smuggling through the Tohono O’dham reservation on the border between Arizona and Mexico.
In December, 2011, Horne’s office worked with several agenices to arrest 217 people in connection with “Operation Crank Call,” which dismantled another operation linked to the sinaloa cartel.  12 million dollars in illegal drugs and 7.8 million dollars in cash were seized.   
Controversies.
Securities Law Violations.
Horne was the president of T.C. Horne & Co., an investment firm he founded in the late 1960s. After the firm went bankrupt in 1970, Horne received a lifetime trading ban from the Securities and Exchange Commission. The 1973 SEC report alleged that as president of T.C. Horne & Co, Horne "among other things, violated the record-keeping, anti-fraud, and broker-dealer net capital provisions of the federal securities laws and filed false financial reports with the commission." Horne stipulated to an SEC finding that he and his firm "willfully aided and abetted" in violations of securities laws.
Office Affair and Whistleblower Investigation.
In July, 2011, the "Phoenix New Times" broke a story about a woman who had been hired by Horne to a senior position at the Arizona Attorney General's office, despite her not having a license to practice law, and alleging that Horne and the woman were carrying on an affair. When the "New Times" reporter filed a Freedom of Information Act request for public records regarding the woman's hiring, Horne launched a confidential internal investigation to find the whistleblower who had leaked information regarding the woman to the media.
As part of that investigation, Horne assigned members of his staff to spend months looking into the matter, and spoke about having his employees' phone conversations eavesdropped upon—something which, records show, he knew was illegal. During the investigation, the staff member in charge found evidence of illegal campaign activity by Horne and other members of the Attorney General's office, and forwarded that information to the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI).
In October, 2012, other local media outlets in Phoenix published articles citing public records, sources in the Attorney General's office, and FBI records supporting the allegations of an affair made by the Phoenix New Times over a year earlier.
Campaign Finance Law Violations.
In October, 2012, after an FBI investigation, Maricopa County Attorney Bill Montgomery concluded that Horne deliberately broke campaign finance laws during his 2010 election campaign by coordinating with an independent expenditure committee. Montgomery has chosen not to file criminal charges in the matter, and has ordered Horne to report and refund hundreds of thousands of dollars of allegedly illegal campaign contributions benefiting Horne's 2010 election campaign.
Montgomery did not file charges of obstruction of justice in these matters, noting that although there is a Federal statute involving lying to an investigator, there is no similar Arizona statute.
Traffic Violations.
In October, 2007, while State Superintendent of Public Instruction, Horne was cited for criminal speeding in Scottsdale, Arizona. During a subsequent year-and-a-half period, Horne was cited for speeding six additional times, including once in a school zone.
In March, 2012, while tailing Horne as part of an investigation into campaign finance law violations, FBI agents observed Horne leaving the scene of an accident, after backing his borrowed car into a parked car, and causing approximately $1,000 damage. The FBI agents turned their notes on the matter over to the Phoenix Police Department, noting that Horne's hit-and-run was likely an attempt to hide an affair with a subordinate in his office.
Horne said that he did not think he had done any damage to the other vehicle, although he had the damage to the vehicle he was driving repaired. The Phoenix Police report shows that Horne stopped for an estimated 10 to 20 seconds. FBI records say that neither Horne nor his female passenger "made any attempt to check for damage or make any kind of notification to the vehicle owner." Horne declined to cooperate in the police investigation of the incident. Following the investigation, Phoenix Police cited Horne for one count of leaving the scene of a collision with an unattended vehicle, a Class 3 misdemeanor. He entered a no contest plea in phoenix municipal court docket#M-0741-4596841.

</doc>
<doc id="19413456" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19413456" title="Phil Stephenson">
Phil Stephenson

Phillip Raymond Stephenson is a former Major League Baseball first baseman. He played all or part of four seasons in the majors, from until .
Amateur career.
While playing for the Shockers of Wichita State University, Phil hit safely in what was then the longest hitting streak in Division I history, 47 straight games in 1981. His record was broken by Oklahoma State's Robin Ventura, with 58 hits in 1987. He was also the victim of one of the most famous plays in College World Series history - The Grand Illusion play by Miami in 1982.
Professional career.
Playing.
Stephenson was originally drafted in the 3rd round of the 1983 Major League Baseball Draft by the Oakland Athletics. He was traded to the Chicago Cubs before the 1986 season, and made his major league debut with them in 1989. That September, he was traded to the San Diego Padres, and finished his major league career with them in 1992. He played two more seasons of minor league baseball before retiring.
Managerial and coaching.
Stephenson managed in the minor leagues for two seasons in the mid-1990s, winning a league championship with the independent Abilene Prairie Dogs in . He is currently the head baseball coach for Dodge City Community College.

</doc>
<doc id="19413463" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19413463" title="Charlotte Kohler">
Charlotte Kohler

Charlotte Kohler (September 16, 1908 – September 15, 2008) was a literary magazine editor and a university professor. She was born in Richmond, Virginia, attended the city's John Marshall High School, graduated from Vassar College, and obtained both a master's and a PhD from the University of Virginia. As a woman, she was not able to gain employment as an English professor in Virginia, so she taught for two years at Woman's College of the University of North Carolina.
UVa hired Kohler in 1942 to serve as the managing editor of the university's "Virginia Quarterly Review", selecting her to succeed Archibald Shepperson in part because, as a woman, she was not subject to the draft that was sending many of the United States' men overseas to fight in World War II, making her "war-proof". Despite her title, she functioned as editor, a position to which she was formally named in 1946, the sixth person to hold the title at the publication. She remained as editor for nearly thirty years before retiring in 1975 with the Review's 50th anniversary edition, making her the longest-serving editor in the Review's history. During her tenure she reviewed an estimated 90,000 manuscripts, selecting from among them and publishing many previously unknown authors, including Hayden Carruth, Nadine Gordimer, and Adrienne Rich.
Female editors of literary magazines were very rare during her time, and it was her role as a pathbreaker that led to her award of an honorary doctorate from Smith College in 1971. Kohler was also the first female Phi Beta Kappa at UVa, and one of the first women to receive a doctorate from the university.
Kohler was reclusive in retirement. She granted no interviews after 1975, and declined invitations to events. She never married, and had no children. She died on September 15, 2008 of congestive heart failure in her home in Charlottesville, Virginia, one day before what would have been her 100th birthday.

</doc>
<doc id="19413503" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19413503" title="Gianfranco Barra">
Gianfranco Barra

Gianfranco Barra (born 5 April 1940) is an Italian film actor. He has appeared in 81 films since 1968. He was born in Rome, Italy.

</doc>
<doc id="19413514" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19413514" title="Combe Force">
Combe Force

Combe Force, or Combeforce, was an "ad hoc" flying column formed by the British Army for a specific purpose during the latter stages of Operation Compass. "Combe Force" was formed to cut across the open desert of Cyrenaica and cut off the retreating Italian Army which was travelling along the coastal road, the Via Balbia. "Combe Force" was formed for this one purpose during the early stages of the North African Campaign in World War II.
Creation.
Combe Force was created by Major General Michael O'Moore Creagh towards the end of Operation Compass. 
In early December 1940, the British launched the Operation Compass counterattack against the Italian forces which had invaded Egypt in September. At that time, the Italians advanced only as far as Sidi Barrani and established defensive positions there in a series of fortified camps. These camps were overrun during the initial stages of Operation Compass. As Operation Compass progressed, Italian garrisons in Bardia and then Tobruk were isolated and captured. By February 1941, the remaining Italian forces in Cyrenaica were withdrawing down the Via Balbia with the British 7th Armored Division and the Australian 6th Infantry Division close behind. 
Combe Force was created to cut across the open desert and block the escape route of the slow moving Italian columns as they traveled down the coastal highway from Benghazi. Combe Force was commanded by Lieutenant-Colonel John Combe.
Composition.
Because speed was of the essence and because the available British tanks needed more time for replenishment, Combe Force was to consist of formations which utilized wheeled vehicles. The composition of Combe Force was as follows: 

</doc>
<doc id="19413527" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19413527" title="Entity (netlabel)">
Entity (netlabel)

Entity is a netlabel specialising in experimental electronic music. The label was established in 2003 by Belgian musicians Jan Robbe and Nico de Gols, working under the monikers UndaCova and Kaebin Yield, respectively. Formed from the remnants of the now defunct dark ambient/noise netlabel Tinnitus, Entity has since expanded its repertoire to include many different genres, and has released music by artists from all over the world. In 2005 Gols parted ways with Entity, leaving Robbe as the sole label manager. Entity is a nonprofit netlabel that distributes its releases for free under Creative Commons licenses, hosted by file repositories Archive.org and Scene.org.
Notable in the label's catalogue are releases by Robbe himself, who goes under the names Atomhead, Erratic and UndaCova; Entity-born collaborative groups xE Phalanx and Idle Sunder, Hecq, Xanopticon, Hangars Liquides-owner La Peste, Zavoloka, Subskan, Sytrjv, Cisfinitum, and many others. Entity celebrated its 40th release with "Tetroid 2012"; a game and electronic music compilation. It has been described as a "psychedelic Tetris clone (with references to Mr. Driller and Arkanoid as well), featuring 21 music artists. It is meant to bring experimental electronic music closer to the people." Entity marked its 50th release with a follow-up compilation entitled "Vortex", which was acclaimed by one journalist as the "singular apogee of Entity's artistic vision". It was played on Mary Anne Hobbs' "Radio 1's Experimental Show", which often features Entity artists Barbarix and Herd.
In 2004 a micropayments system was implemented, allowing listeners to donate directly to the artists, as well as help finance server costs and future physical releases. The following year "micro-releases" were introduced; short EPs which can be purchased through paypal for a nominal fee. So far three releases have been distributed this way.
Entity is commonly associated with the terms "flashcore" and "cybercore", which are used to describe an acousmatic form of highly-complex hardcore techno. Considered a leading proponent of the style, Entity has released albums by flashcore artists such as Atomhead/UndaCova, Kaebin Yield and Sedarka.
Catalogue.
Note: other labels' discographies presented in this catalogue include:

</doc>
<doc id="19413543" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19413543" title="Church Street Historic District (Saranac Lake, New York)">
Church Street Historic District (Saranac Lake, New York)

The Church Street Historic District is a national historic district located in Saranac Lake (Harrietstown) in Franklin County, New York. It extends roughly along Church Street from Main Street to St. Bernard Street. It comprises twenty-seven buildings including three churches, a medical laboratory, ten homes, two libraries, and six cure cottages, most built between the late 1870s and 1900.
Church Street is one of the five original streets of the village, connecting River Street to Main Street. Most of the buildings have features reflecting their use as cure cottages by residents suffering from tuberculosis, especially the "cure porches" where patients were exposed daily, year round, to as much fresh air as possible.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1992. 

</doc>
<doc id="19413574" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19413574" title="Roberto Herlitzka">
Roberto Herlitzka

Roberto Herlitzka (born 2 October 1937) is an Italian theatre and film actor. He has appeared in 38 films since 1973. He was born in Turin, Italy.

</doc>
<doc id="19413576" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19413576" title="David Sullivan">
David Sullivan

David or Dave Sullivan may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19413581" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19413581" title="Troy Auzenne">
Troy Auzenne

Troy Anthony Auzenne (born June 26, 1969 in El Monte, California) is a former professional American football offensive tackle in the National Football League. He played five seasons for the Chicago Bears (1992–1995) and the Indianapolis Colts (1996). He played college football at California.
High School.
Auzenne attended Bishop Amat High School graduating in 1987 in La Puente, California, and was a letterman in football and track. He was a first team All league selection in 1986.
College.
After redshirting his first year at Cal, Auzenne became a starting left tackle as a Freshmen, where he held that position for 4 years. By his senior year he became a consensus 1st team All Pac-10 selection and a 1st team All American. After retirement from the NFL, Auzenne was enshrined in The California Hall Of Fame in 2002.
NFL career.
Auzenne was drafted in the 2nd round by the Chicago Bears. Because of his pass-protection ability, he was named the starter at Left Tackle 3 weeks into camp and became the Bears 1st Offensive Rookie in 16 years to start every game. At the end of the 1992 season he was the runner up offensive rookie of the year to the Saints Vaughn Dunbar. He also won the Brian Piccolo Award. The Bears players vote amongst themselves for the player who best exemplifies the courage, loyalty, teamwork, dedication and sense of humor of the late Brian Piccolo. In 1996 Auzenne signed with the Indianapolis Colts as a free agent. After one season his Career was cut short by injury.

</doc>
<doc id="19413583" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19413583" title="Carlos Kloppenburg">
Carlos Kloppenburg

Carlos Kloppenburg, O.F.M. (born November 2, 1919 – May 8, 2009) was a German-born Brazilian bishop of the Roman Catholic Church. 
Carlos Kloppenburg was born in Molbergen near Oldenburg, Germany, on November 2, 1919. His parents were Bernard and Josephine Kloppenburg who immigrated to Brazil with their family of 9 in 1924. 
Carlos Kloppenburg was ordained a priest of the Roman Catholic Church on January 6, 1946 in the religious order of the Orders of Friars Minor under the name Boaventura (in English and German, Bonaventure). He was ordained as a bishop August 1, 1982 and appointed auxiliary bishop of the Archdiocese of São Salvador da Bahia as well as Titular Bishop of Vulturaria on May 22, 1982. On August 8, 1986 Pope Paul II appointed him to the Diocese of Novo Hamburgo. He retired as Bishop "emeritus" of the diocese on November 22, 1995.
His principal life work was that of a Professor of Theology. He studied at the Antonianum University, Rome (D.Th., 1950). During the decade of the 1950s he made a study of Spiritism in Brazil. For that purpose he also studied parapsychology at Duke University, U.S.A. under Dr Charles S Rhyne. 
Bishop Kloppenburg was a prolific writer. He wrote and published extensively on the theology of the Roman Catholic Church. In the 1950s and into the 1960s he wrote on Spiritism in Brazil. 
Bishop Kloppenburg was a "Peritus" of the Brazilian Bishops at Vatican II. He wrote the leading analytical work on Vatican II, "The Ecclesiology of Vatican II". On August 12, 1980 Bishop Kloppenburg was appointed as a member of the International Theological Commission ("Acta Apostolicae Sedis")
While at Vatican II and before he was closely associated with then Bishop Joseph Ratzinger, now Pope Benedict XVI. They had known each other from the time Bishop Kloppenburg was the doctoral thesis supervisor of Dom Leonardo Boff, a Brazilian Liberation Theologian, also of the Franciscan order (Leonardo Boff left the Catholic priesthood after criticism from then Father Kloppenburg directed at Boff's liberation theology). The relationship of Bishop Kloppenburg to Bishop, and then Cardinal Ratzinger is described in "Pope Benedict XVI", a biography of Pope Benedict XVI by John L. Allen (Continuum, 2000). 
Bishop Kloppenburg in the 1970s and 1980s was engaged in doctrinal battles with the proponents of liberation theology. 
Bishop Kloppenburg wrote and spoke extensively on the subject of spiritism during the decades of the 1950s and the 1960s including:
"Nossas Superstiçoes" (Our Superstitions; 1959); 
"O Espiritismo no Brasil" (Spiritism in Brazil; 1960); 
"O Reencarnacionismo no Brasil" (Reincarnationism in Brazil; 1961); 
"A Maçonaria no Brasil" (Masonry in Brazil; 4th ed., 1961); 
Pamphlets, including "As Sociedades Teosoficas" ("The Theosophical Societies"; 1959); "O Rusacrucianismo no Brasil" ("The Rosicrucian" "Society in Brazil"; 1959); "Astrologia, Quiromancia e Quejandos" ("Astrology, Chiromancy and the Like"; 1960)
Source: Helene Pleasants (1964) Biographical Dictionary of Parapsychology with Directory and Glossary 1946-1996 NY: Garrett Publications
Bishop Kloppenburg's theological works include: 
"De Relatione inter Peccatum et Mortem" (The Relationship Between Sin and Death; 1951); 
"The Peoples Church translated from the Spanish", "Iglesia Popular" 1977, on the subject of liberation theology, and the Catholic Church and socialism
"Christian Salvation and Human Temporal Progress" translated from the Spanish work, "Salvacion Cristiana y Progresso Human Temporal" 1978 on the subject of Christian salvation, progress, and liberation theology. 
"Pastoral Practice and the Paranormal" Translated by Paul Burns. Chicago: Franciscan Herald Press, 1979
"The Ecclesiology of Vatican II" the leading analytical work on Vatican II,

</doc>
<doc id="19413597" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19413597" title="The Children (miniseries)">
The Children (miniseries)

The Children is a three-part 2008 British drama miniseries written by Lucy Gannon and produced for ITV. It stars Lesley Sharp, Geraldine Somerville and Kevin Whately, and premiered on ITV at 9pm on Monday 1 September 2008.
The plot centred around the dysfunctional lives of Cameron (Whately), Sue (Somerville) and Sue's daughter, Emily, (Sinead Michael). Sue's ex-husband was DJ Paul (Ian Puleston-Davies) and his new girlfriend Natasha (Kate Ashfield), and Cameron's ex-wife Anne (Sharpe) and their son Jack (Freddie Boath).
The main plot is surrounding the family life at home living as a step family, and is told in a backwards flashback mode.
Arguments and tension rise throughout the 3 episodes and eventually following her strange and naughty behaviour, little Emily is killed. Any one of the adults could have been responsible and were placed at the scene.
As the show reaches its climax, Cameron is shown hitting Emily and accidentally smashing her through a glass patio door, however there is a twist to the tale as all the suspects are then seen killing her one by one, all except one of them.
The show's ending, which showed Natasha (the only character not seen killing Emily) crying and sobbing "I'm sorry," was disliked by some critics, due to the fact viewers were not shown how or indeed why, or if, Natasha killed her. That, however, said the writer, was the crux of the drama, that any one of them could have, and that her position withinn her family had become so marginalised that she was, at times, perceived as a nusiance or problem by all of them. 

</doc>
<doc id="19413609" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19413609" title="Matus Bisnovat">
Matus Bisnovat

Matus Ruvimovich Bisnovat (, October 23, 1905 – November 8, 1977), Soviet aircraft and missile designer.
Bisnovat attended the Moscow Aviation Institute (MAI), graduating in 1931. In 1938, he headed a research team in Central Aero-Hydrodynamics Institute TsAGI, Zhukovsky, where several high-speed experimental airplanes were developed, the SK-1, SK-2 and SK-3.
From 1942 - 1944 Bisnovat oversaw the development of the "302" rocket/ramjet fighter in NII-3, supervised by A. G. Kostikov. In 1946 he became head of Plant no. 293 and a team of engineers formerly in the OKB-293 of Viktor Fedorovich Bolkhovitinov. There Bisnovat managed some later work on the Bereznyak-Isayev BI-1 rocket plane. In 1948, with engine designer A.M. Isaev he worked on the supersonic aircraft "Samolet 5". In 1952 he developed the infrared homing air-to-air missile SNARS-250.
Bisnovat fell prey to a 1953 anti-Semitic campaign (see Rootless cosmopolitan) against "cosmopolitanism" instigated by rivals of Lavrentiy Beria. As a result he was ousted as head of Plant 293.
In 1954 Bisnovat became head of design bureau KB Molniya, where he oversaw the development of air-to-air missiles R-40, K-60 and K-73.
Bisnovat was awarded a doctorate in science in 1965.
He died in 1977 from complications due to diabetes.

</doc>
<doc id="19413614" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19413614" title="Rivington (disambiguation)">
Rivington (disambiguation)

Rivington is a village in Lancashire, England.
Rivington may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19413620" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19413620" title="Miss Sweden (film)">
Miss Sweden (film)

Miss Sweden, originally titled Fröken Sverige, is a 2004 Swedish film directed by Tova Magnusson-Norling. The film tells the story of Moa (Alexandra Dahlström), who lives by herself in a cottage in the forest, and has a dead-end job in a toilet paper factory. She is trying to find herself; she has a dead-end job, yet has a talent for computer layouts and photography; she is an activist on causes such as veganism and anti-capitalism, accompanying her friends on demonstrations, but it seems that she may be doing this just to fit in. When at home, by herself, she listens to commercial pop music and uses make-up. As the story progresses, it transpires that she lacks self-esteem, and is used and abused by what she takes to be her friends. Boys are happy to have sex with her, but dump her soon afterwards. She begins to gain self-confidence as she comes into contact with Jens (Leo Hallerstam), a troubled teenager whom the local authorities have entrusted to Moa's parents, perennial foster parents and do-gooders, to look after.
Awards.
For her role as Moa, Alexandra Dahlström won the Best Young Actress from the Northern Countries (Bester Jungdarstellerin aus nordischen Ländern) in the Undine Film Awards in Austria.

</doc>
<doc id="19413622" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19413622" title="Biagota">
Biagota

Biagota was probably the wife of duke Boleslaus I of Bohemia.
Michal Lutovský writes in his book "Bratrovrah a tvůrce státu" (Fratricide and country-maker) that only a few coins confirm the existence of Biagota.
These coins are considered the oldest type of Přemyslid denar. An inscription can be read on them, BIAGOTACOIIIIX or BIAGOTACOVIIX, meaning BIAGOTA CONIVNX: "wife Biagota". Possibly these coins were made on the occasion of marriage, but there is no proof for it.
It is not even sure that Biagota was the mother of all four adult children of Boleslaus I (Dobrawa, Boleslaus II of Bohemia, Strachkvas and Mlada of Bohemia). Her origins are unclear. She could have originated from one of the German states of the Holy Roman Empire or from a Slavic country (Blahota or Bjegota was an old Bulgarian name). Both hypotheses could be right, corresponding to the contemporary practice of European rulers.

</doc>
<doc id="19413627" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19413627" title="Jane Arbor">
Jane Arbor

Jane Arbor was the pseudonym used by Eileen Norah Owbridge (September 8, 1903 – February 4, 1994) a British writer of 57 romance for Mills & Boon from 1948 to 1985.
She wrote doctor-nurse and foreign romances. Many of her doctor-nurse romances have been reedited with different titles, that included medical words. She lived in Preston, Sussex, England.

</doc>
<doc id="19413631" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19413631" title="Joan Winston">
Joan Winston

Joan Winston (19 June 1931 – 11 September 2008) was an American Trekker who helped organize the first "Star Trek" fan convention and became a key figure in the subculture.
Life and career.
Fellow fans compare her level of devotion to Betty Jo Trimble, the fan who led the campaign to keep "Star Trek" on the air. Winston attended the filming of what would be the final episode and impressed everyone on set, including creator Gene Roddenberry. Winston was able to secure Roddenberry's attendance at the first convention, and she also arranged for tapes of 15 episodes, a blooper reel, and a truck of space memorabilia from NASA. After helping to coordinate the first four conventions, Winston became a sought-after guest in her own right at the many rival conventions that popped up. She wrote "Star Trek Lives" in 1975 with Jacqueline Lichtenberg and Sondra Marshak and "The Making of the Trek Conventions" in 1977, as well as numerous fan publications for the original and subsequent series.
Winston died of Alzheimer's disease in Manhattan.

</doc>
<doc id="19413635" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19413635" title="Chief Shakopee">
Chief Shakopee

Chief Shakopee may refer to any of the three Mdewakanton Dakota chiefs who lived in the early 19th century. The name comes from the Dakota "Shák'pí" meaning "Six".
Shakopee I.
Chief Shakopee (c.1750-1827). Chief Shakopee was given this name when his wife, White Buffalo Woman, gave birth to sextuplet boys. Shakopee Lake near Mille Lacs Lake was named after him. Chief Shakopee met Major Stephen Harriman Long at the mouth of the Minnesota River in 1817, when Long came up to distribute the presents which Lieutenant Zebulon Pike had contracted to send them 12 years earlier with the Pike's Purchase, and Long found Shakopee very offensive. Shakopee was executed at Fort Snelling in June 1827 by running a gauntlet by some Ojibwa as part of his punishment for murdering some Ojibwa before.
Shakopee II.
Chief Shakopee or the Eaglehead (1794–1857). Shakopee was the adopted son of Chief Shakopee I, and the biological twin son of the Ojibwa Chief "Ozaawindib" "Yellow Head". He identified himself equally as being Ojibwa as being Dakota, but increasingly after signing the 1825 Treaty of Prairie du Chien (both as "Sha-co-pe" (the Sixth) and as "The Sees"), he was forced to identify himself exclusively as Dakota. Despite the pressures, he was also signatory to the 1826 Treaty of Fond du Lac (as "Chau-co-pee" and as "Jack-o-pa" by Bird), 1837 Treaty of St. Peters (as "Sha-go-bai"), and the 1842 Treaty of La Pointe (as "Sha go bi") of the Ojibwas. Shakopee also was a signatory to the Treaty of Mendota of August 5, 1851, (as "Sha-k'pay") in which Chief Shakopee and the other Dakota chiefs were pressured into selling for pennies an acre. Food and money from the federal government was to be distributed to the Indians as part of the treaty, but several years later with the American Civil War, United States broke their treaty obligations. The city of Shakopee, Minnesota and the nearby Shakopee Lake were named after him. Shakopee served as a guide to Joseph Nicollet in part of the exploration of the upper Mississippi, and providing details on its tributaries, such as Rice Creek near Fridley, Minnesota. In Ojibwe, he was called "Zhaagobe", and his descendants who identified themselves as Ojibwa rather than Dakota are surnamed either "Shaugobay" or "Shagobince".
Shakopee III.
Chief Shakopee, also known as Eatoka, or Shakpedan in Dakota or Zhaagobens in Ojibwe, both meaning "Little Shakopee" (1811–1865). Shakopee was the son of Chief Shakopee II. He was born in the village of Shakopee. He became a chief with the death of his father. During the Dakota War of 1862. he was a war leader of the Yankton Dakota in Minnesota. He escaped to Canada after the conflict. With fellow leader Medicine Bottle he was betrayed, drugged, kidnapped, and turned over to U.S. forces. Chief Shakopee and Medicine Bottle were executed at Fort Snelling on November 11, 1865 for their participation in the Dakota War of 1862. While he was held prisoner at Fort Snelling, a photograph of Chief Shakopee was taken in 1864.
He is the namesake of the Little Six Casino in Shakopee, Minnesota.

</doc>
<doc id="19413658" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19413658" title="Jeremy Shepherd">
Jeremy Shepherd

Jeremy Shepherd (born April 8, 1985 in Mississauga) is a Canadian soccer player who currently plays as a striker for the Brampton Lions.
Career.
He was a member of the Toronto Lynx Jr inaugural season in the Super Y-League in 2000. 
After graduating from the Lynx Academy he signed for the Oakville Blue Devils of the Canadian Professional Soccer League, playing under former Director of Lynx Academy Duncan Wilde. He made his debut on September 11, 2005 against St. Catharines Wolves, and scored his first goal on September 15, 2005 against North York Astros. He won the Eastern Conference Title with Oakville, and reached the final of the Rogers Cup on October 10, 2005 against the Vaughan Shooters, winning the Championship 2-1. 
In 2006 he returned to the Lynx, where he was re-united with former Blue Devils coach Duncan Wilde. He made his debut on April 22, 2006 against the Virginia Beach Mariners. On July 16, 2006 against the Atlanta Silverbacks he broke his leg in a collision with a Silverback player, forcing him to miss the rest of the season.
Brampton Lions.
After recovering from his injury Shepherd signed with the Brampton Lions for the 2008 CSL season. Shepherd ended his two year goal drought on September 20 against North York Astros, where he scored two goals in 3-1 victory. He continued his fine form in a cruising 6-0 victory over London City where he recorded two goals and clinched a playoff spot for the Lions. On May 14, 2009 the Brampton Lions re-signed Shepherd for the 2009 season.

</doc>
<doc id="19413663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19413663" title="Rhytisma acerinum">
Rhytisma acerinum

Rhytisma acerinum is a plant pathogen that commonly affects sycamores and maples in late summer and autumn, causing Tar Spot. Tar Spot does not usually have an adverse effect on the trees' long-term health. "R. acerinum" is an Ascomycete fungus that locally infects the leaves of trees and is a biotrophic parasite. The disease is cosmetic and is therefore usually controlled only with sanitation methods.
Symptoms and signs.
In late spring, yellow chlorotic spots appear on tree leaves. These develop into brown-black lesions, retaining the yellow border. The lesions continue to grow, and by the end of summer form a leaf spots that look like tar. The spot can grow up to 1.5 inches, 3.81 centimeters, in diameter. A microscopic sign of the pathogen are the stroma, mats of hyphae found in the lesions. These lesions can cause senescence of leaves but are mostly of cosmetic importance.
Affected species.
"Rhytisma acerinum" can occur in many tree species the most common being in the genus "Acer". Specific varieties affected most commonly by the disease are Norway maple ("Acer platanoides"), silver maple ("Acer saccharinum") and sycamore maple ("Acer pseudoplatanus").
Disease cycle.
"R. acerinum" is the teleomorph of Tar Spot. In the spring, needle-shaped ascospores are released from overwintering apothecia in fallen leaf debris. These spores are disseminated by the wind and have a sticky coat to attach to new healthy leaves. Once on the leaves, the spores germinate and penetrate through the stoma. The subsequent infection causes chlorosis of the leaves in localized yellow spots. As the season continues into summer, apothecia begin to form, giving rise to brown-black leaf lesions that resemble spots of tar. Leaves retain their yellow border from the initial chlorosis. Apothecia survive in the fallen plant debris over winter, releasing spores when the temperature is warm again. The infection of Tar Spot is localized to the chlorotic areas on the leaves and is mostly a cosmetic issue, rather than a economically detrimental disease.
The anamorph of Tar Spot is "Melasmia acerina". In late summer, conidiophores are formed in the mass of fungal tissue called the stroma. Stroma is located in the black lesions of the infected leaves. Conidiophores form non-infectious conidia that are released both in conditions of wetness and drought. The most favorable environment for the pathogen is when there is an extended period of moisture such as fog or rain, which prevents the leaves from drying out. Young trees growing in shade are therefore more susceptible. Under these conditions, conidiophores excrete a milky substance of conidia. In times of drought, the conidia stick together as one unit and form yellowish tendrils. Because the conidia are not infectious, this stage is not seen as often as the teleomorph, and it is not certain why the spores are produced.
Geographical occurrence.
Tar Spot is most commonly found in Europe and North America. It known as a pollution indicator because it is not found in areas with high amounts of sulfur dioxide. Sulfur dioxide prevents stroma from causing subsequent infections. Therefore disease tends to be localized in more rural than urban areas. As mentioned previously, the disease appears in the summer especially in times of wetness, but can also develop through a dryer season.
Disease control.
Tar Spot is a localized disease that causes mostly cosmetic symptoms and is therefore not a highly controlled disease. One of the best ways to manage the pathogen is through proper sanitation techniques. Because the fungus overwinters in diseased leaf debris, removing the debris in fall can help reduce the occurrence of the disease. In certain severe cases, fungicides can be implemented to help with control. Copper fungicides sprayed in early spring when leaves are budding and twice more throughout the season to help reduce the disease. However, chemical control is not normally used because this disease is mostly cosmetic. Resistant varieties are unknown. Also, because the affected tree species are of low economic value, yield reduction is of little concern to growers. By far the most important practice is to keep a clean yard and remove as much debris as possible.
Significance.
Tar Spot has been recognized since 1794, when it was discovered in Europe by Christiaan Hendrik Persoon, a prominent mycologist of that time. Tar Spot has little historical importance because of its cosmetic nature. However, equine atypical myopathy has been associated with the ingestion of Tar Spot infected maple leaves. This disease causes the complete degeneration of muscle fibers and subsequent death in horses.

</doc>
<doc id="19413665" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19413665" title="Cabo Verde, Minas Gerais">
Cabo Verde, Minas Gerais

Cabo Verde is a Brazilian municipality located in the southwest of the state of Minas Gerais. Its population as of 2007 was 14,024 people living in a total area of 367 km². The city belongs to the meso-region of Sul e Sudoeste de Minas and to the micro-region of São Sebastião do Paraíso. It became a municipality in 1877. The municipality is an important producer of coffee.
Location.
The city center of Cabo Verde is located at an elevation of 927 meters a short distance from the state boundary of São Paulo. Neighboring municipalities are: Monte Belo (N), Areado (NE), Divisa Nova (E), Botelhos (S), Caconde (W) and Muzambinho (NW).
History.
The settlement began around a chapel dedicated to Nossa Senhora do Rosário do Cabo Verde in 1766. In 1877 it became a municipality.
Communications.
The municipality is served by three paved highways that connect with federal highway BR-146, which crosses the region.
Belo Horizonte: 465 km, Muzambinho: 25 km, Botelhos: 20 km, and Monte Belo: 33 km.
Economic activities.
Agriculture, with coffee production and dairy products, is the main economic activity. Coffee is the most important crop with an average of 160,000 bags produced. The GDP in 2005 was approximately R$102 million, with 4.5 million reais from taxes, 45 million reais from services, 4.5 million reais from industry, and 48 million reais from agriculture. The industrial sector employed 130 workers in 2005, while 395 were employed in commerce.
In the rural area there were 1,461 producers on 38,000 hectares of land. Approximately 9,000 persons were occupied in agriculture. The main crops are coffee, 10,500 hectares; and corn, 2,300 hectares. There were 20,000 head of cattle, of which 7,000 were milk cows (2006). Swine and poultry raising are also important in the local economy.
There was one bank (2007). In the vehicle fleet there were 1,823 automobiles, 163 trucks, 211 pickup trucks, 17 buses, and 425 motorcycles (2007).
Health and education.
In the health sector there were 4 health clinics and one hospital with 63 beds (2005). Educational needs of 2,600 students were attended to by 6 primary schools, 1 middle school, and 9 pre-primary schools.
In 2000 the per capita monthly income of R$327.00 was above the state average of R$276.00 and above the national average of R$297.00. Poços de Caldas had the highest per capita monthly income in Minas Gerais 2000 with R$435.00. The lowest was the state was Setubinha with R$73.00.
The highest ranking municipality in Minas Gerais in 2000 was Poços de Caldas with 0.841, while the lowest was Setubinha with 0.568. Nationally the highest was São Caetano do Sul in São Paulo with 0.919, while the lowest was Setubinha. In more recent statistics (considering 5,507 municipalities) Manari in the state of Pernambuco has the lowest rating in the country—0,467—putting it in last place.
Churches.
The following churches are represented:

</doc>
<doc id="19413666" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19413666" title="Jackson Inlet">
Jackson Inlet

Jackson Inlet () is a body of water in Nunavut's Qikiqtaaluk Region. It lies east of Lancaster Sound and cuts into Baffin Island's Brodeur Peninsula. 
Mining.
Nanisivik, a company mining town, is located to the east. 
The inlet and surrounding area has been explored for diamonds and other potential mining resources.

</doc>
<doc id="19413676" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19413676" title="Awake -Evoke the Urge-">
Awake -Evoke the Urge-

Awake -Evoke the Urge- is the second studio album by metal band Deathgaze. It is the first full length album featuring Ai as their vocalist and Kosuke as their new bassist.
In support of the new album, the band is touring nationwide in Japan from November 2008 to March 2009. This is their second major tour.

</doc>
<doc id="19413689" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19413689" title="Wings of Lebanon">
Wings of Lebanon

Wings of Lebanon is a charter airline based in Beirut, Lebanon.
Fleet.
The Wings of Lebanon fleet consists of the following aircraft (as of December 2012) [http://www.ch-aviation.ch/aircraft.php?search=set&airline=WOL&al_op=1]:

</doc>
<doc id="19413701" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19413701" title="Secret Scandal">
Secret Scandal

Secret Scandal () is a 1989 Italian film which was written and directed by Monica Vitti. It was starred by the same Monica Vitti, Elliott Gould, Gino Pernice, and Catherine Spaak. It was screened in the Un Certain Regard section at the 1990 Cannes Film Festival.
For the movie, Monica Vitti debuted as a director of cinema nevertheless it would be her last appearance on the big screen.
Synopsis.
On her birthday, Margherita (Monica Vitti) receives a video camera from a friend, who is a film director (Elliott Gould). She decides to use the device to keep a diary of her life. As the camera is capable of recording automatically, snippets usually feature her talking. However, on one occasion, Margherita leaves the camera in her bedroom as it was still recording; it catches Margherita's husband, Paolo (Gino Pernice), who has always had a distant demeanor to her, as he cheats on her with her best friend (Catherine Spaak). A "secret scandal" ensues in their separation with Paolo's departure and Margherita going into a deep depression, even to the point of contemplating suicide. Her friend, the director who gave her the camera, examines the film, and concludes that it is interesting material for an actual movie.

</doc>
<doc id="19413713" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19413713" title="Sione Lātūkefu">
Sione Lātūkefu

Reverend Dr. Sione Lātūkefu (born ?, died June 2, 1995) was a Tongan historian.
Lātūkefu obtained the degree of Bachelor of Education at the University of Queensland in 1962. He later obtained a doctorate.
He was the first professional historian in Tonga, and, in 1989, founded the Tongan History Association to encourage studies of Tongan history. He was also "instrumental" in establishing the Tonga Research Society.

</doc>
<doc id="19413724" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19413724" title="List of UAB Blazers football seasons">
List of UAB Blazers football seasons

The UAB Blazers college football team competes as part of the National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) Division I Football Bowl Subdivision, representing the University of Alabama at Birmingham (UAB) in the East Division of Conference USA (C-USA). The Blazers have played their home games at Legion Field in Birmingham, Alabama since 1991. Since their inaugural 1991 season, UAB has played nearly 250 regular season games, and as of the 2012 season compiled an overall record of 110 wins, 137 losses, 2 ties, and appeared in a single bowl game.
For the 1991-92 seasons, UAB competed as a Division III independent, unaffiliated with a conference. As a Division III school, the Blazers compiled an overall record of 11 wins, 6 losses, and 2 ties before moving up to Division I-AA for the 1993 season. Competing as a Division I-AA independent for the 1993 through 1995 seasons, UAB compiled an overall record of 21 wins and 12 losses as an I-AA school before moving up to Division I-A. The Blazers entered the 1996 season as an I-A independent, and in their first I-A game, UAB was defeated by the in-state rival, the Auburn Tigers 29–0. They finished their first I-A season with 5 wins and 6 losses. Already a participating member of Conference USA in other sports, on November 13, 1996, UAB was admitted to the league as a football playing member beginning with the 1999 season. Since joining C-USA in 1999, the Blazers have compiled a record of 64 wins and 100 losses through the 2012 season.

</doc>
<doc id="19413735" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19413735" title="Hayemaker Promotions">
Hayemaker Promotions

Hayemaker Promotions is a promotional company operated by former WBA heavyweight and undisputed cruiserweight champion David Haye and boxing manager Adam Booth. The company held their first boxing promotional event in Sheffield on 20 September 2008.
Starting Up.
On establishing the company, David Haye drew comparisons with Golden Boy Promotions when he said; "Golden Boy have taken over from Don King and Bob Arum and they've done it by empowering the fighters, putting control back in their hands and giving them the lion's share". Giving an insight into how the new promotional outfits would actually help fighters he added: "Promoting other fighters is not a money-making scheme for me, I make enough from my own fights, I don't need to take any money from six- to eight-rounders. Taking 15 or 20 grand from a British title fight doesn't mean anything to me, but that extra money means a hell of a lot to someone who's fighting for, say, 10 grand three times a year".
Haye and Booth signed up a number of fighters to their stable. Former WBU champion Derry Mathews signed having previously been with Sports Network, British light-middleweight champion Ryan Rhodes, and trainer Dave Coldwell joined as Head of Boxing.
The outfit also signed a number of up and coming young stars, including undefeated Liverpool lightweight John Watson, Sheffield prospect Josh Wale, 
Deal with Setanta.
Hayemaker signed a deal on 27 May 2008 which would see ten promotions from the company broadcast on Setanta Sports. This would include the next four David Haye fights. The first promotion was held in Sheffield on 20 September 2008, and broadcast 4 live bouts which included the two-time British champion Ryan Rhodes defending his light-middleweight belt against Scotsman Jamie Coyle. The second promotion was held in London and featured David Haye against American Monte Barrett at heavyweight with Haye winning by knockout after 5 rounds. 
Two more televised promotions followed before the subscription sports channel went bust in the UK on 23 June 2009. In Liverpool Tony Quigley claimed the British super-middleweight title with a win over Tony Dodson as well as marking the professional debut of David Price. This was followed by a bill in Belfast topped by Martin Lindsay winning the British featherweight title against Scotland's Paul Appleby.
The loss of the television deal meant that opportunities for boxers signed to the stable became rarer and saw fighters like Derry Mathews and David Price split from the promoter. Others such as George Groves signed promotional deals with other promoters whilst continuing to be managed by the company.
Small hall shows.
During the term of the deal with Setanta, Hayemaker also promoted a number of non-televised small hall shows in venues such as Rotherham, Sheffield and London's York Hall. They featured local fighters such as former Sheffield United player turned boxer Curtis Woodhouse who topped the bill at Rotherham's Consort Hotel on an two-fight dinner card, as well as at his former club's ground in Bramall Lane. George Groves topped the bill at the first Haymemaker promotion to be held at the York Hall.

</doc>
<doc id="19413766" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19413766" title="The Children">
The Children

The Children may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19413816" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19413816" title="Bentley (Suffolk) railway station">
Bentley (Suffolk) railway station

Bentley railway station, also known as Bentley Junction between 1849 and 1878, was located in Bentley, Suffolk on the Great Eastern Main Line. It had two through mainline platforms and an end bay at the country end of the down line to handle services on the Hadleigh branch. The bay could accommodate five coaches.
There were goods sidings on both the up and down sides of the station at the country or northern end and also sidings to a malthouse at the southern end of the station on the down side.
It closed in 1966.
The site of the station is still clearly identifiable at the Station Road level crossing, and the former station building is now a private dwelling.
Just to the North of the station was the branch line to Hadleigh.

</doc>
<doc id="19413823" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19413823" title="Amritpur, Nepal">
Amritpur, Nepal

Amritpur is a town and Village Development Committee in Dang Deokhuri District in the Rapti Zone of south-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 9,680 persons living in 1725 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19413831" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19413831" title="Grant Woods">
Grant Woods

Grant Woods served as attorney general of Arizona from 1991 until 1999. A Republican. Arizona attorney general; one of the top trial lawyers in the United States, member of International Academy of Trial Lawyers; received multiple record verdicts for Arizona and the United States; voted by peers top attorney general in the country in 1994; led Civil Rights committee and Supreme Court committee for National Association of Attorneys General; first Republican to sue tobacco companies and key negotiator of the states' settlement which is the largest in history; founder of Mesa Boys and Girls Club, renamed as Grant Woods Boys and Girls Club; founder of Mesa Education Association; founder of Mesa Arts Academy; one of founders of Phoenix Children's Museum; screenwriter; columnist; songwriter; AP talk radio host of the year for the Grant Woods Show. Winner of top awards from Children's Action Alliance, Chicanos Por La Causa, Salvation Army, American Lung Association, American Heart Association. Married to former Fox News anchor Marlene Galan Woods; children: Austin, Lauren, Cole, Dylan, Ava. <Arizona Republic>
Woods was a supporter of John McCain in his race for the Republican U.S. Senate nomination against J.D. Hayworth in 2010. Woods was McCain's chief of staff when he was a congressman.

</doc>
<doc id="19413836" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19413836" title="Baghmare">
Baghmare

Baghmare is a town and Village Development Committee in Dang Deokhuri District in the Rapti Zone of south-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 5,965 persons living in 1075 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19413843" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19413843" title="Bela, Nepal">
Bela, Nepal

Bela is a Village Development Committee in Dang Deokhuri District in the Rapti Zone of south-western Nepal.The village borders Balrampur district of India in the south. At the time of the 2011 Nepal census it had a population of 11,245 persons living in 2,055 individual households.The main residents being Tharu,Yadavs,Chhetri, Magar, Bahun, Dalit, and Muslims 

</doc>
<doc id="19413849" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19413849" title="Cactus V">
Cactus V

Cactus V is an album by three original members of the American rock supergroup Cactus released in 2006. Deceased original singer Rusty Day has been replaced by Jimmy Kunes and the album also features the harmonica of Randy Pratt The Lizards. It was their first album together in thirty years.
Track listing.
All songs composed by Appice, Bogert, Kunes and McCarty.

</doc>
<doc id="19413859" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19413859" title="Bijauri">
Bijauri

Bijauri is a town and Village Development Committee in Dang Deokhuri District in the Rapti Zone of south-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 9,729 persons living in 1599 individual households.
This is the place where has been done as [Vulture Restaurant located 5 km north of Tulsipur - Ghorahi highway.

</doc>
<doc id="19413872" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19413872" title="Chaulahi">
Chaulahi

Chaulahi is a town and Village Development Committee in Dang Deokhuri District in the Rapti Zone of south-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 10,800 persons living in 1485 individual households.It lies in the east west highway and lied 23 km east to districts capital Ghorahi.
Media.
To Promote local culture Chaulahi has three Community radio Stations. They are Radio Deukhuri - 105.8 MHz, Radio Naya Yug - 107.3 MHz and Radio Highway - 103.5 MHz.

</doc>
<doc id="19413873" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19413873" title="Sean McGreevy">
Sean McGreevy

Sean McGreevy, born in Belfast, Northern Ireland, is a popular Gaelic footballer who has been the Antrim goalkeeper since making his Championship debut in 1993. McGreevy, a sales rep, made his debut against the then defending All-Ireland champions Donegal in front of 30,000 fans at Ballybofey, Co Donegal. He enjoyed an impressive first outing for Antrim, who narrowly lost to Brian McEniff's side by three points.
McGreevy, who also had spells playing soccer in the Irish League with Ballyclare Comrades and Omagh Town, turned down many offers to play the game full-time due to his commitments to Antrim and club, St Paul's GAC.
Sean experienced many years of hardship with Antrim, one of the weaker footballing counties in Ireland but rose to prominence in 2000 when he was an outstanding performer in Antrim's first Ulster Championship win for 18 years. Antrim defeated Down at Casement Park in the quarter-final of the Ulster Championship with Sean saving a Gregory McCartan penalty - one of two McCartan hit that day - on a memorable occasion. 
His performances in that game and in the semi-final and replay with Derry, earned Sean an Allstar nomination. 
In 2007 he was part of the Antrim side that was defeated in the final seconds of the Tommy Murphy Cup final by Wicklow at Croke Park. In 2008, however, he returned to Croke Park with Antrim and experienced victory over the holders. It was the first senior trophy football Antrim had won since lifting the 1999 All-Ireland B title. Sean played in that final too, beating Fermanagh.
Following some successful spells with Antrim Football, which featured Antrims first Ulster Football Final in 36 years in 2010 v Tyrone, (Sean was instrumental in getting the county past Donegal in the first round only to have his season hampered by an injury sustained during the match). Sean is still involved with the Antrim Senior Football Panel after being recalled at 40 years of age in 2013. Sean lines out as the St Pauls GAC goalkeeper in the division one football league in Antrim. 
Sean is one of eight children, with four brothers and three sisters. He is the brother of sports journalist Alex; Antrim Ladies coach, Barry, Sandy, and James. All of them played for the St Paul's club in Belfast.

</doc>
<doc id="19413879" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19413879" title="Dhanauri">
Dhanauri

Dhanauri is a town and Village Development Committee in Dang Deokhuri District in the Rapti Zone of south-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 12,403 persons living in 1905 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19413887" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19413887" title="Dharna, Nepal">
Dharna, Nepal

Dharna is a town and Village Development Committee in Dang Deokhuri District in the Rapti Zone of south-western Nepal. At the time of the 2001 Nepal census it had a population of 6,396 persons living in 961 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19413894" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19413894" title="Dhikpur">
Dhikpur

Dhikpur is a town and Village Development Committee in Dang Deokhuri District in the Rapti Zone of south-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 8,085 persons living in 1112 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19413899" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19413899" title="Diruwa">
Diruwa

Diruwa is a town and Village Development Committee in Dang Deokhuri District in the Rapti Zone of south-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 9,721 persons living in 1408 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19413901" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19413901" title="Maurice Paul Delorme">
Maurice Paul Delorme

Maurice Paul Delorme (November 20, 1919 – December 27, 2012) was a French prelate of the Roman Catholic Church.
Delorme was born in Lyon, and ordained to the priesthood on October 11, 1942, in Lyon. He was appointed auxiliary bishop of the Archdiocese of Lyon as well as titular bishop of Ottocium on October 2, 1975, and ordained a bishop on November 16, 1975. Delorme remained auxiliary bishop of Lyon until his retirement on December 3, 1994, and continued to serve as titular bishop of Ottocium until his death in Lyon, aged 93.

</doc>
<doc id="19413908" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19413908" title="Gadhawa">
Gadhawa

Gadhawa is a town and Village Development Committeenow known as Typical Village Development Committee in Dang Deokhuri District in the Rapti Zone of south-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 7,877 persons living in 1188 individual households. It is surrounded by Ganga paraspur VDC in east,Koilabas VDC in south, Bela VDC in west and Chailai VDC in north.Damodar road run on its long course which communicate Indian border from Koilabas VDC to East-West highway(Mahendra highway). Major population is made by Tharu, Khas-Brhamins,Yadav and few Muslims. This town is fully satisfy in communication, education and some what of health sector. The main occupation of this society is depended on agriculture however some of them accepted business sector.

</doc>
<doc id="19413912" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19413912" title="White Label Music">
White Label Music

White Label Music is an independent record label based in the UK. The label is run by Marc Hunter and Ann Shenton, who was formerly a member of the band Add N to (X). 
Background.
Artists include The Asbo Kid (James Atkin of the band EMF), Hiem, Kontour and Large Number (ex Add N to (X)). The label is known for its "Electronic Bible" series of compilation albums including artists such as Jarvis Cocker and Delia Derbyshire of the BBC Radiophonic Workshop. 
White Label Music specialises in experimental electronic music and has many artists with varied styles. The label also works alongside the Soyuz major record label based in Russia. 
The label also organises the three day "White Noise Electronic Music Festival" in Cornwall. 

</doc>
<doc id="19413916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19413916" title="Gangapraspur">
Gangapraspur

Gangapraspur is a town and Village Development Committee in Dang Deokhuri District in the Rapti Zone of south-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 8,042 persons living in 1098 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19413925" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19413925" title="Gobardiya">
Gobardiya

Gobardiya is a town and Village Development Committee in Dang Deokhuri District in the Rapti Zone of south-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 10,755 persons living in 1524 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19413928" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19413928" title="Technical and Aeronautical Exploitations">
Technical and Aeronautical Exploitations

Technical and Aeronautical Exploitations () (T.A.E.) was a Greek airline formed in 1935 by Stephanos Zotos. It flew domestic routes until the German invasion of Greece in April, 1941 destroyed the fleet. T.A.E. resumed service after the end of World War II and flew DC-3 Dakotas until 1951 when the Greek government forced the consolidation of three extant airlines into one new nationalized airline which was called TAE Greek National Airlines. 
History.
Before the war (1935-1941).
Prior to 1935, there was one nationally operated Greek airline, Greek Company for Air Transportation , when Stephanos Zotos formed Technical and Aeronautical Exploitations A.E. Its first aircraft were a de Havilland DH 87 Hornet Moth, registered as SX-AAI, and a de Havilland DH 82A Tiger Moth, with registration SX-AAK. Operating from a base at Tatoi Airport north of Athens.
Due to the relatively small number of passengers traveling around Greece in the 1930s, T.A.E. primarily flew routes not covered by E.E.E.Σ. and used its aircraft and pilots as a training school. With the outbreak of World War II, and the Italian invasion of October 1940, most civilian pilots were mustered into the Royal Hellenic Air Force. However, it was not until the German invasion in April 1941, that the aircraft of T.A.E. were destroyed by the Luftwaffe and the airline ceased operations for the duration of the war.
After the war (1946-1951).
As soon as Greece began re-building its infrastructure after the end of World War II, Zotos, freshly out of service in the Air Force, looked to re-establish the airline. He worked with the American airline Trans World Airlines, establishing his company's offices in his home. Through this partnership, Zotos secured for T.A.E. three ex-US Army Air Force C-47 Dakotas, which were converted into Douglas DC-3s in Egypt during the summer of 1946. These aircraft, registered as SX-BAA, SX-BAB and SX-BAC began service on July 30, 1946, from the newly established Athens Hellenikon Airport south-east of the city on the Saronic Gulf. These T.A.E. aircraft represented the first post-war civil aviation in Greece with scheduled service to Thessaloniki and Chania. The airline's passengers waited for their flights in a large tent, until a proper terminal could be built, but the first year of operations the airline carried 11,000 passengers. The airline also operated as the sole Greek-flagged carrier in this period, and as such, it flew the Greek delegation to the Paris Peace talks on October 4, 1946.
In the summer of 1947, T.A.E. secured three additional DC-3s (2 from the United States military and one from the British Royal Air Force (RAF). The aircraft, registered as SX-BAG, SX-BAH, and SX-BAI respectively, were christened at a celebration on August 31, 1947, attended by the new King, Paul. Tragedy struck a few days later when on September 3, 1947, SX-BAB crashed near Voula while on final approach at Hellenikon Airport. The Greek Parliament determined in 1947 to charter three additional airlines: G.A.T./ΕΛΛ.Α.Σ. (Greek Air Transport--Hellenic Airlines Greek: ΕΛΛηνικαί Αεροπορικαί Συγκοινωνίαι), Α.Μ.Ε./Air Transport of Greece (Greek: Αεροπορικαί Μεταφοραί Ελλάδος) and Daedalus Airlines Greek: Δαίδαλος. Despite the new competition, T.A.E. managed to carry about 66,000 passengers in 1947 and over 184,000 in 1948. However, there were limits to the numbers of domestic passengers that the still-shaky Greek market could produce and all of the airlines were constantly in jeopardy of failing. Nevertheless, T.A.E. purchased an additional 5 DC-3s from the RAF in Tehran, registered as SX-BAD, SX-BAE, SX-BAF, SX-BAL, SX-BAK. 
In 1948, T.A.E. saw another development, when on September 12, 1948, the first aircraft hijacking in Greece occurred. On a scheduled flight from Athens - Thessaloniki, with 21 passengers aboard, SX-BAH was hijacked over the island of Euboea. The three hijackers demanded to be flown to Yugoslavia. The pilots were able to land 60 kilometers southeast of the town of Skopje and after disembarking the hijackers, the aircraft landed in Thessaloniki 4 and a half hours late.
1949 proved to be a challenging year for the fledgling airline as it suffered two air crashes. The first was on April 23, 1949, when SX-BAF crashed on landing at Hellenikon Airport. Fortunately, no one was injured but the aircraft was a total loss. A month and a half later on June 6, while flying from Kavala - Athens, SX-BAI crashed on the north slope of Mount Parnitha killing all 18 passengers aboard. Due to economic recession and improved road and shipping infrastructure, the number of passengers flown by all three airlines reached a plateau at 324,000 in 1949.
In 1950, Daedalus Airlines ceased operations as the number of passengers for all Greek airlines declined precipitously. Due to the financial difficulties of all three carriers and to ensure that Greece maintained a Greek-flagged carrier, in 1951, the Greek government forced the merger of all three companies into TAE Greek National Airlines, and Zotos' airline was absorbed even as the name survived.
Destinations.
Technical and Aeronautical Exploitations served a number of domestic destinations in Greece on an irregular basis in the period 1935-1941. After the airline was re-established in 1946, it began regular scheduled services. 

</doc>
<doc id="19413934" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19413934" title="Halwar">
Halwar

Halwar is a town and Village Development Committee in Dang Deokhuri District in the Rapti Zone of south-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 8,182 persons living in 1339 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19413936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19413936" title="Božena (Křesinová)">
Božena (Křesinová)

Božena (Křesinová) (died after 1052) was the second wife (and probably earlier the mistress) of Duke Oldřich of Bohemia and mother of Bretislaus I of Bohemia.
Meeting of Oldřich and Božena.
The historian Cosmas of Prague recorded the legend of Oldřich and Božena, in his "Chronica Boëmorum" ("Chronicle of the Bohemians"). According to the legend, the young (and married) Oldřich set out on a hunt and travelled to Peruc. There, he spied a beautiful peasant girl, Božena, by a well known today as Božena's Spring
and was immediately entranced by her. 
Oldřich abandoned his hunt and took Božena back to Prague, where she eventually gave birth to his illegitimate son Bretislaus. In the legend, Oldřich's first meeting with Božena took place in sight of the Oldřich Oak.
Božena was indeed the savior of the Czech House of Přemysl. Oldřich had two brothers, but one of them, Jaromír, was castrated by the eldest sibling, Boleslaus III. Boleslaus himself was imprisoned in Poland, possibly having only a daughter. Thus Oldřich was the one Přemyslid able to have a son and heir. His first wife is thought to have borne no children.
Božena's low birth is alluded to in the chronicle of Cosmas, which states that Oldřich first met her "riding through the village". The illegitimate birth of her son Bretislaus to a low-born mother is believed to have made it necessary for him to resort to abduction when he later sought to marry a noble bride (Judith of Schweinfurt). At any rate, she was held to be a peasant woman already by the author of the early 14th-century Chronicle of Dalimil. 
For quotations of Cosmas (in Czech translation) and literature, see also the Czech wikipage.

</doc>
<doc id="19413950" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19413950" title="Hansipur">
Hansipur

Hansipur is a town and Village Development Committee in Dang Deokhuri District in the Rapti Zone of south-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 5,891 persons living in 987 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19413960" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19413960" title="Hapur, Nepal">
Hapur, Nepal

Hapur is a town and Village Development Committee in Dang Deokhuri District in the Rapti Zone of south-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 10,424 persons living in 1788 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19413971" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19413971" title="Ali Bader">
Ali Bader

Ali Bader (Arabic: علي بدر, Alī Bader, 1977) is an award winning Arabic novelist and a Film producer, author of eleven works of fiction, and several works of non-fiction, he has also worked as war correspondent covering the Middle East. He rose to prominence in the Arab world in the last decade. In addition to his work as an author, he is also an Arabic media journalist. His novels are considered unique in Arabic fiction. 
Biography.
Bader was born in Baghdad, where he studied western Philosophy and French Literature. 
In 2001, he published his seminal novel, "Papa Sartre" (Arabic: بابا سارتر). The focus of the novel is the 1960s generation, whom he sought to critique for the negative impact of their cultural influence still felt by the current generation today. In particular, the novel highlights the trials and tribulations of the pseudo-intellectuals of sixties Baghdad in parody form. It also includes memorable portrayals of Iraq’s wealthy and influential families in their decline. For this work, he was awarded the State Prize for Literature in Baghdad in 2002 and the Tunisian Abu Al-Qassem Al-Shabi Award. Following its critical acclaim in the Arab world, it was translated into English
In 2002, his novel "The Family's Winter" (Arabic: شتاء العائلة) appeared, revisiting with the decay of the decline of Iraq's elite, but this time focusing on the aristocracy in the 1950s. That same year, he received Prize of Literary Creativity in the United Arab Emirates].
Following his work on "The Family's Winter", Bader completed his 2003 novel entitled "The Road to Mutran Hill". In it, he dealt with Iraqi social problems and the increasing division among its numerous segments, prophesying the disintegration of Iraq's already tattered socioeconomic fabric.
In 2004, he followed up with another novel, "The Naked Feast" (Arabic: الوليمة العارية), exploring the emergence of the Iraqi intelligentsia at the beginning of the 20th century. Bader's novel "Tumult, Women and a Sunken Writer" (2005) is his most popular piece that depicts the marginalized generation of Iraqi poets and novelists in the 1990s under Saddam Hussein's dictatorship and the international sanctions. One of the essays he published is called "Mid-night Maps", set during a journey to Iran, Turkey and Algeria, for which he was given the Ibn Battuta Prize for Contemporary Journeys. In 2006, Bader published his novel "Jerusalem Lantern", a fictional portrayal of Edward Said.
In 2007 his novel "Running after the Wolves", which highlights the Iraqi intellectuals who fled to Africa because of persecution under Saddam Hussein's dictatorship continued to increase his stature in Arab literary circles. In 2008, his novel the "Tobacco keeper", highlighted the cultural life after the tumultuous events of 2003. At the center of the novel is the life of an Iraqi Jewish musician killed in Baghdad in 2006, and his struggle as an artist to integrate into Iraqi society. Critics welcomed the novel, resulting in its nomination for the Booker Arab Prize. In 2009, he published his novel titled "Kings of the Sand" about the conflict between Iraqi army and the inhabitants of desert, which was a bestseller in Arab book fairs.
In 2010 he published Crime, Art, and Dictionary of Baghdad, a novel about the secremantal and philosophical schools in Abbasid era.
Ali Bader has also written some non-fiction books, including "Massignion in Baghdad" (2005), "Sleeping Prince and Waiting Campaign" (2006), and "Shahadat: Witnessing Iraq's Transformation after 2003" (2007)
In addition to fiction and non-fiction, he is a columnist in the Arabic newspapers, among them Al-Hayat, Al-Mada, Al-Dustour, Al-Riyadh. His journalism career has included rotations as a war correspondent.

</doc>
<doc id="19413974" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19413974" title="Hekuli">
Hekuli

Hekuli is a Village Development Committee in Dang Deokhuri District in the Rapti Zone of south-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 8,512 persons living in 1139 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19413975" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19413975" title="The Fabled Fourth Graders of Aesop Elementary School">
The Fabled Fourth Graders of Aesop Elementary School

The Fabled Fourth Graders of Aesop Elementary School is a 2007 children's novel by Candace Fleming.
Plot.
The book is about the naughty fourth grade class at Aesop Elementary School. Each chapter (which is also a story) ends with one of Aesop's Fables's morals such as when Calvin Tallywong wishes that he was back in Kindergarten.
Reception.
A Kirkus Reviews review says "Despite a Dewey error and some humor over the head of the target audience, this is a winner, and the final story seems to promise a fifth-grade sequel". Kathleen Isaacs of Booklist, reviewed the book saying, "Mr. Jupiter’s first appearance promises a fantasy, but except for one other episode of wish fulfillment, this is, rather, exaggeration for the sake of humor. Fun for some, but other readers may play hooky before the year is over". A Publishers Weekly review says, " Packed with puns of varying cleverness, the fables range from pithy to protracted, the morals from spot-on to strained. Even with the inconsistencies, there's plenty to laugh at and even to ponder".

</doc>
<doc id="19413977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19413977" title="Fractofusus misrai">
Fractofusus misrai

Fractofusus misrai is a fossil discovered in 1967 by S.B. Misra at Mistaken Point, Newfoundland and Labrador, Canada, which has since become the Mistaken Point Ecological Reserve.
Discovery of vendian fossils in the Avalon Peninsula.
In the summer of 1967, S.B. Misra an Indian graduate student (1966–69) at Newfoundland's Memorial University discovered a rich assemblage of imprints of soft bodied organisms on the surface of large rock slabs, while mapping the Conception Group of Avalon Peninsula of Newfoundland near Cape Race, at a place called Mistaken Point.
These unusual impressions of previously unknown soft-bodied sea animals on the surfaces of argillites (mudstone) included coelenterates and other metazoa of the Ediacarian period, 575 to 560 million years ago. These fossils are records of the oldest known complex life forms that existed anywhere on Earth. Misra was the first to prepare and present a systematic geological map of the region, to classify and describe the rock sequence of the area and to work out the depositional history of the rocks.
The description of the fossil assemblage together with their mode of occurrence, cause of sudden death, ecological conditions and chronological position form part of Misra's detailed thesis submitted for the degree of Master of Science. The discovery was reported in 1968 in "Nature". Misra described the Mistaken Point fauna in detail in 1969, in a paper published in the "Bulletin of the Geological Society of America". 
He assorted the fossil assemblage into five groups, namely spindle-shaped, leaf-shaped, round lobate, dendrite like, and radiating. Each group was defined in terms of distribution and form, sub-categories and biological affinity. 
The geological environment of the fossil-bearing rocks and the ecology of the animals that lived and died in the Conception Sea were described by Misra in two of his subsequent papers published in the "Bulletin of the Geological Society of America" in 1971 and in the "Journal of the Geological Society of India" in 1981. Misra still has the original fossil bearing rock samples and numerous casts of the fossils with him. Those interested are free to contact him regarding meaningful academic use of the specimens. Mistaken Point Ecological Reserve is a 5.7-km2 stretch of the coast that protects the fossils.

</doc>
<doc id="19413980" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19413980" title="Believe (Staind song)">
Believe (Staind song)

"Believe" is a single by Staind, the first from their sixth studio album, "The Illusion of Progress".
Despite only peaking at #83 on the Billboard Hot 100, the single was a success on the rock charts, peaking at #4 on the Mainstream Rock Tracks, and becoming their fourth #1 hit on the Modern Rock Tracks, after "It's Been Awhile", "So Far Away" and "Right Here.". "Believe" stayed at #1 for three weeks on the Modern Rock Tracks.
The "Believe" music video was directed by Christopher Sims. It features a man who has left his girlfriend in order to find himself. However, she soon leaves as well, presumably to find him. The man travels through the Midwest and ends up somewhere in the West Coast . Aaron Lewis is the only member of the band in the video. Lewis is seen walking down the beach that the man ends up finding.
The song was used in a video highlighting the 2008 College Football Season on ESPN and in the 2008 WWE Tribute to the Troops special.

</doc>
<doc id="19413985" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19413985" title="Sweets (disambiguation)">
Sweets (disambiguation)

Sweets are food items that are rich in sugar.
Sweets may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19413986" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19413986" title="Kabhre, Rapti">
Kabhre, Rapti

Kabhre is a town and Village Development Committee in Dang Deokhuri District in the Rapti Zone of south-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 6,033 persons residing in 1142 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19413990" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19413990" title="Koilabas">
Koilabas

Koilabas () is a bazaar town and Village Development Committee in Dang Deokhuri District in Rapti Zone of south-western Nepal. The town is situated on the southern edge of the Dudhwa Range of the Siwaliks, at Nepal's border with Uttar Pradesh 5 km from the village Jarwa on the other side. Indian and Nepalese nationals may cross the border unrestricted however there is a customs checkpoint for goods. Koilabas has regular bus service to Tulsipur on the Gorakhpur-Gonda Loop of Indian Railways.
From Koilabas, goods are transshipped over the Dudhwas to Dang and Deukhuri Valleys, then on into hill districts Pyuthan, Rolpa and Salyan. Before Nepal's east-west Mahendra Highway was built in the 1990s, Koilabas was also a transit hub. It was often easier if less direct to use Indian trains to travel east or west to reach other parts of Nepal than to traverse a seemingly endless series of north-south mountain valleys on foot.
Hindi or Awadhi are spoken natively by most inhabitants, with Nepali and Tharu widely understood.

</doc>
<doc id="19414000" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19414000" title="Lalmitiya">
Lalmitiya

Lalmitiya is a town and Village Development Committee in Dang Deokhuri District in the Rapti Zone of south-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 12,048 persons living in 1900 individual households. 
It includes Bhalubang, a bazaar situated at the Terai/Hill interface and now a junction on the east-west Mahendra Highway where branch roads served by scheduled buses go to Pyuthan and Rolpa districts.

</doc>
<doc id="19414005" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19414005" title="Doctor Series">
Doctor Series

The Doctor series are a series of 15 comic novels by British physician Richard Gordon, covering the antics of a group of young doctors. They were published between 1952 and 1986.
Films.
The seven "Doctor" films were developed from the books, directed by Ralph Thomas and produced by Betty Box. The early films featured Dirk Bogarde in the lead as Doctor Sparrow and Donald Sinden as Benskin. Later films centred around Leslie Phillips. The first film came in 1954 and the last in 1970.
Television series.
The films inspired in turn to seven different "Doctor" television series between 1969 and 1991, totalling 157 thirty minute episodes:

</doc>
<doc id="19414006" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19414006" title="Laxmipur, Dang Deokhuri">
Laxmipur, Dang Deokhuri

Laxmipur is a town and Village Development Committee in Dang Deokhuri District in the Rapti Zone of south-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 9,075 persons residing in 1493 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19414012" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19414012" title="Loharpani">
Loharpani

Loharpani is a town and Village Development Committee in Dang Deokhuri District in the Rapti Zone of south-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4,789 persons living in 811 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19414017" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19414017" title="Urahari">
Urahari

Urahari is a town and Village Development Committee in Dang Deokhuri District in the Rapti Zone of south-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 8,764 persons living in 1288 individual households.
Media.
To Promote local culture Urahari has one FM radio station Radio Saryu Ganga - 104 MHz Which is a Community radio Station.

</doc>
<doc id="19414018" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19414018" title="Michael Vehe">
Michael Vehe

Michael Vehe (c. 1480–1539) was a German monk and theologian.
Life.
Vehe was born in Biberach (now part of Heilbronn, near Bad Wimpfen). He joined the Dominicans in Wimpfen and was sent to Heidelberg in 1506, where he taught in 1512 and received a doctorate in theology in 1513. In 1515 he was appointed regent of the Dominican house of studies at Heidelberg; later Cardinal Albert of Mainz chose him as theologian and put him in charge of the church of Halle, Saxony. He was summoned to Augsburg in 1530 to refute the Lutheran Confession of Faith and took a prominent part in a debate against the Lutherans in 1534 in Leipzig. He was called to the bishopric of Halberstadt on February 21, 1539. He died in Halle in April 1539.
Works.
Some Catholic commentators view Vehe's writings as the best apologetical treatises that appeared in Germany during the sixteenth century. His works include the following:
Vehe is also known for having published the first Catholic hymnbook with music, in collaboration with other Catholic dignitaries and musicians from Halle. "Ein new Gesangbüchlin geystlicher Lieder" (Leipzig, 1537) drew both from medieval Church tradition and the contemporary Protestant tradition, as well as presenting some new material, such as the first Catholic psalm paraphrases. The songs in Vehe's collection eventually formed the basis for all later Catholic hymnals.

</doc>
<doc id="19414019" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19414019" title="Ulla Salzgeber">
Ulla Salzgeber

Ulla Salzgeber (born 5 August 1958 in Oberhausen) is a German equestrian and Olympic champion who competes in the sport of dressage. Competing in the 2000 and 2004 Summer Olympics, she won two team gold medals, one individual silver and one individual bronze. She also won numerous medals at the World Equestrian Games, Dressage World Cup and European Dressage Championships. After the retirement of her Olympic horse, Rusty, after the 2004 Games, and unexpected death of her second international-level mount in 2005, Salzgeber struggled to find a new Grand Prix-level horse.
In 2005, she took time from competition to act as the dressage training adviser to the Australian national equestrian team, but resigned from that position in late 2006. In 2008, she began riding Herzruf's Erbe at major events, but the horse has been plagued by injuries that have required him to miss many competitions. Salzgeber announced a change in her training base in early 2010, moving to new stables in Blonhofen, Bavaria, which she said would allow her to accept more students. In 2013, after returning Herzruf's Erbe to competition, Salzgeber was again named to the German equestrian squad's A-team.
Personal life.
Born 5 August 1958 in Oberhausen as Ulla Helbing, Salzgeber began riding at age 10, competing in the sport of vaulting. In 1977, at age 19, she was the Young Riders European Championships. She attended college, graduating from law school before building a training stable in Bad Worishofen, Germany, that focuses on dressage. Salzgeber is married to Sebastian Salzgeber, and has one daughter, Kim.
Career.
Salzgeber rode the same horse to all of her Olympic, World Equestrian Games and European Championship medals. Rusty 47, nicknamed Rusty, was a Latvian warmblood gelding who was named Rotors when he was purchased by Salzgeber from a German show jumping barn. The pair came to international attention at the 1997 European Championships, with a sixth place individual finish and a team gold. They repeated team gold at the 1998 World Equestrian Games, while also taking a bronze medal in individual competition. The German team, with Salzgeber, rode to another team gold at the 1999 European Championships, and Salzgeber and Rusty also took individual silver. After Gigolo, a horse ridden by Isabell Werth, was retired in 2000, Salzgeber and Rusty became the top dressage pair in Germany. At the 2000 Summer Olympics, she won the bronze medal in the individual dressage competition. She also rode as part of the gold-medal winning German team, but as the lowest-scoring member, her score was not used to determine the team's standing. During the finals, in her musical kur performance, Salzgeber's music stopped playing, but she continued riding and finished the event. The music to which she performed would become her signature accompaniment, and became "tightly linked to the horse with its signature pirouettes and to date still best one-tempi changes ever."
The 2001 and 2003 European Championships brought four gold medals in team and individual competition, while the 2001 and 2002 Dressage World Cup competitions brought two additional golds. The 2002 World Equestrian Games brought a repeat of 1998, with team gold and individual bronze medals. In 2003, however, Salzgeber became mired in doping charges after Rusty tested positive for testosterone propionate at the 2003 World Cup finals, losing what would have been a third successive gold. Rusty's veterinarian claimed the drug was given to him to treat a hormonal imbalance, but the pair was banned from competition for two months by the German Equestrian Federation. An exception was made for the 2004 German Dressage Championships, which allowed them to qualify for the 2004 Olympic Games. She was not allowed to compete in qualifying events for the 2004 World Cup, and she did not ride in the event. At the 2004 Summer Olympics, she improved her individual performance to win a silver medal, and rode with the German team to a second successive gold in the team competition. Rusty was retired soon after the 2004 Olympics, and was euthanized in 2013 at the age of 25. Months before his death, it was announced that Rusty had been cloned, resulting in two young stallions, nicknamed "Rusty Clone 1" and "Rusty Clone 2".
In mid-2005, Salzgeber's then-current Grand Prix mount, Wall Street, was euthanized following an episode of colic. This, combined with the recent retirement of Rusty, left her with no Grand Prix-level horses. Wall Street, while a relatively successful dressage horse, had suffered health problems and had never been able to compete with Rusty as Salzgeber's top horse. In 2008, Salzgeber again began competing at the Grand Prix level on Herzruf's Erbe, who would develop into one of her top international horses. In that year, the pair won the Otto Lorke Prize, given each year to the best German Grand Prix horse under 10 years old. During 2008, Salzgeber and Herzruf's Erbe had won 10 Grand Prix competitions. In 2009, the pair were expected to compete at the European Dressage Championships, but were not chosen for the German team after Herzruf's Erbe sustained an injury at a competition in July. The immediate diagnosis was a severely pulled tendon, although a later diagnosis was that the horse had strained a suspensory muscle, expected to heal in about three months. By early 2010, the horse was again able to be ridden, but was still not in top condition.
In June 2011, Salzgeber announced that she would be selling one of her top-level horses, Wakana, to a student, leaving Herzruf's Erbe as her only horse prepared to compete at the international level. Later that month, Salzgeber removed herself from consideration for competition at the 2011 CHIO Aachen and European Dressage Championships. She announced that she had decided to take a break from competition and focus more on training and her personal life. In 2012, she announced that she would not be seeking a spot on the German team for the 2012 Summer Olympics, saying that her training duties had not given her time to properly prepare Herzruf's Erbe. She had ridden the horse at competitions during the 2011-2012 winter, and stated that she planned to compete at additional competitions during the winter of 2012-2013. However, in late 2012, the horse was put into a one-year rest period to help him recover from the injuries that had troubled him throughout his career. In October 2013, Salzgeber brought Herzruf's Erbe back into competition, winning a national show in Germany. The pair was successful at subsequent competitions, and in December 2013, it was announced that they had been returned to the German equestrian squad's A-team.
Coaching and training.
In 2005, Salzgeber was named as the new dressage training adviser to the Australian national equestrian team. In the role, Salzgeber held training camps, approved team members' training programs and helped choose team members for international competitions. In late 2006, she resigned, citing a mix of training duties at home in Europe and disagreements with the Equestrian Federation of Australia. Under her tenure, however, the Australian team made their best-ever placing at the 2006 World Equestrian Games, finishing 9th.
In early 2010, Salzgeber announced that she would be moving her base of training from the stables in Bad Worishofen where she had been located since she graduated from college. The new facilities, nearby in Blonhofen, Bavaria, offered more room and extensive natural therapy facilities, including aquatherapy, accupuncture, osteopathy and homeopathics. Salzgeber said the new, larger, base would allow her to give more training clinics and accept more students.

</doc>
<doc id="19414025" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19414025" title="Manpur, Rapti">
Manpur, Rapti

Manpur is a town and Village Development Committee in Dang Deokhuri District in the Rapti Zone of south-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 9,962 persons residing in 1449 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19414028" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19414028" title="Misophonia">
Misophonia

Misophonia, literally "hatred of sound", is a neurological disorder in which negative experiences (anger, flight, hatred, disgust) are triggered by specific sounds. The sounds can be loud or soft. The term was coined by American neuroscientists Pawel Jastreboff and Margaret Jastreboff and is often used interchangeably with the term selective sound sensitivity. Misophonia has not been classified as a discrete disorder in DSM-5 or ICD-10, but in 2013 three psychiatrists at the Academic Medical Center in Amsterdam formulated diagnostic criteria for it based on the largest cohort of misophonia patients so far, and suggested that it be classified as a separate psychiatric disorder. 
The disorder comprises a unique set of symptoms, most likely attributable to neurological causes unrelated to hearing-system dysfunction. It can be described as an immediate and extremely negative emotional response accompanied by an automatic physiological flight response to identifiable auditory, visual, and olfactory stimuli. The disorder disrupts daily living and can have a significant impact on social interactions. A 2013 review of the most current neurological studies and fMRI studies of the brain as it relates to the disorder postulates that abnormal or dysfunctional assessment of neural signals occurs in the anterior cingulate cortex and insular cortex. These cortices are also implicated in Tourette Syndrome, and are the hub for processing anger, pain, and sensory information. Other researchers concur that the dysfunction is in central nervous system structures. It has been speculated that the anatomical location may be more central than that involved in hyperacusis.
Symptoms.
People who have misophonia are most commonly angered, and even enraged, by common ambient sounds, such as other people clipping their nails, brushing teeth, chewing crushed ice, eating, slurping, drinking, breathing, sniffing, talking, sneezing, yawning, walking, chewing gum, laughing, snoring, typing on a keyboard, whistling or coughing; saying certain consonants; or repetitive sounds. Some are also affected by visual stimuli, such as repetitive foot or body movements, fidgeting, or movement they observe out of the corners of their eyes; this has been termed "misokinesia", meaning hatred of movement. Intense anxiety and avoidant behavior may develop, which can lead to decreased socialization. Some people feel the compulsion to mimic what they hear or see. Mimicry is an automatic, non-conscious, and social phenomenon. It has a palliative aspect, making the sufferer feel better. The act of mimicry can elicit compassion and empathy, which ameliorates and lessens hostility, competition, and opposition. There is also a biological basis for how mimicry reduces the suffering from a trigger.
Prevalence and comorbidity.
The prevalence of misophonia is unknown, but groups of people identifying with the condition suggest it is more common than previously recognized. Among patients with tinnitus, which is prevalent in 4–5% of the general population, some surveys report prevalence as high as 60%, while prevalence in a 2010 study was measured at 10%.
The Dutch study published in 2013 of a sample of 42 patients with misophonia found a low incidence of psychiatric disorders, with the exception of Obsessive-Compulsive Personality Disorder (52.4%).
It has been suggested that there is a connection between misophonia and synesthesia, a neurological condition in which stimulation of one sensory or cognitive pathway leads to automatic, involuntary experiences in a second sensory or cognitive pathway. The basic problem may be a pathological distortion of connections between various limbic structures and the auditory cortex, causing sound-emotion synesthesia. There are people with both misophonia and synesthesia, and many people with synesthesia have more than one form of synesthesia (there are over 60 reported types).

</doc>
<doc id="19414029" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19414029" title="Cheadle and Marple Sixth Form College">
Cheadle and Marple Sixth Form College

Cheadle and Marple Sixth Form College, or CAMSFC, is a sixth form college in Stockport.
Structure.
It has two campuses:
Admissions.
The college offers a very wide range of courses, including GCSEs (General Certificate of Secondary Education), AS (Advanced Subsidiary Level) and A-Levels (GCE Advanced Level), International Baccalaureate, vocational NVQs and BTECs. They also offer Access courses for adults.
The college discontinued the offering of the International Baccalaureate in 2011, due to insufficient funding for the programme.
History.
Moseley Hall County Grammar School.
In 1946, following the Education Act 1944, a building known as Moseley Hall on Wilmslow Road was acquired by the local authority for £6,500. Moseley Hall had been owned by John Henry Davies, President of Manchester United Football Club, since 1904. His widow, who lived at Bramall Hall till 1935, re-purchased Moseley Hall at some point after his death in 1927. 
During the war the building was used for four years as the National Fire Service headquarters for Manchester. It was converted into a grammar school, which took its name from the building it occupied. It was run by the Cheadle and Wilmslow Educational Executive of Cheshire Education Committee. It was situated north-west down the road (A5149) from the current campus, and bordered neighbouring Cheadle. It was originally co-educational. The first headmaster was Wilfred Simms, aged 34.
Cheadle County Grammar School for Girls.
In January 1956 a new school was built where the current Cheadle campus is today and this became Cheadle County Grammar School for Girls. Moseley Hall therefore became a boys-only school. The girls' school had around 950 girls and was situated on "Cheadle Road" (A5149).
Cheadle Moseley Grammar School for Boys.
In 1970, a new school was built adjacent to the girls' school on "North Downs Road". It cost £370,000, and became known as Cheadle Moseley Boys' Grammar School with 900 boys. The two schools, whilst next to each other, remained separate, despite plans to merge them. Moseley Hall was eventually demolished in the late 1970s and replaced by the Village Hotel and an entertainment complex. The boys' school at one time had its own railway line.
Manor County Secondary School.
The schools were eventually merged and became known as The Manor County Secondary School, a comprehensive school. It was the first state comprehensive to take the International Baccalaureate in 1990.
Margaret Danyers FE College.
In 1991 it was converted into a college of further education; the girls' school became known as the Bulkley Building, and the boys' school became the Moseley Building. Initially the college was called Margaret Danyers College on "North Downs Road". In the early 1990s, Stockport replaced its school sixth forms with separate sixth form colleges. Margaret Danyers started at the age of 14 and was effectively an upper school, not just a sixth form college. The Cheadle Adult Centre was next door.
Ridge Danyers College.
The Marple Campus was initially called Marple Ridge College. In 1995 Margaret Danyers College and Marple Ridge College combined to become Ridge Danyers College with two campuses. There were some problems with the Cheadle Campus as part of the Moseley building was declared unsafe in the early 1990s due to the decay of the reinforced concrete with which it was constructed. This building was eventually demolished in August 2000, and replaced by a new building.
Cheadle and Marple Sixth Form College.
In October 2004 the college changed its name to CAMSFC (Cheadle and Marple Sixth Form College). It was the largest further education college in the country in 2004, with around 9001 students. In 2011, the college commenced a consolidation of the two sites in Marple, entering into talks with Asda, aiming to sell the Hibbert Lane campus, leaving just the Buxton Lane campus in use.
Alumni.
Moseley Hall County Grammar School.
Mr Simon Lea Smith MITIE Account Director since 2010

</doc>
<doc id="19414031" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19414031" title="Narayanpur, Rapti">
Narayanpur, Rapti

Narayanpur is a town and Village Development Committee in Dang Deokhuri District in the Rapti Zone of south-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 8,646 persons living in 1143 individual households. It lies only 7 KM south to Ghorahi.

</doc>
<doc id="19414033" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19414033" title="1991 Norstar Bank Hamlet Challenge Cup – Doubles">
1991 Norstar Bank Hamlet Challenge Cup – Doubles

Guy Forget and Jakob Hlasek were the defending champions, but lost in the quarterfinals to Eric Jelen and Carl-Uwe Steeb.
Eric Jelen and Carl-Uwe Steeb won in the final 0–6, 6–4, 7–6, against Doug Flach and Diego Nargiso.

</doc>
<doc id="19414044" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19414044" title="Panchakule">
Panchakule

Panchakule is a town and Village Development Committee in Dang Deokhuri District in the Rapti Zone of south-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 6,270 persons living in 1019 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19414071" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19414071" title="Sir Alfred Hickman, 1st Baronet">
Sir Alfred Hickman, 1st Baronet

Sir Alfred Hickman, 1st Baronet (3 July 1830 – 11 March 1910) was an industrialist and Conservative politician who sat in the House of Commons between 1885 and 1906.
Hickman was the son of George Rushbury Hickman of Tipton, Staffordshire and his wife Mary Haden. His father was the owner of the Moat Colliery in Tipton. Hickman was educated at King Edward's School, Birmingham. He became a colliery proprietor and ironmaster, as the family acquired Springvale Furnace in 1866. He was a director of Lloyd's Staffordshire Proving House, a Member of Council of Mining Association of Great Britain, and chairman of Staffordshire Railway and Canal Freighter's Association. In 1882 he formed the Staffordshire Steel Ingot & Iron Company Ltd to produce steel using the Bessemer process.
Hickman stood for parliament for the Conservatives at Wolverhampton in 1880 but was defeated. Under the Redistribution of Seats Act 1885 the Wolverhampton constituency was divided and in the 1885 general election, Hickman was elected Member of Parliament for Wolverhampton West. He lost the seat in 1886, regained it in 1892 and held it until 1906.
Hickman was created a baronet in 1892. He was President of the British Iron Trades Council and President of Wolverhampton Chamber of Commerce. In 1902 he was given the honorary freedom of the borough of Wolverhampton. In 1906 he became Chairman of the newly formed Tarmac Limited: the company used large quantities of his waste slag. The Staffordshire Steel Ingot & Iron Company later became part of Stewarts & Lloyds.
On his death in 1910, he bequeathed a park (Hickman Park) to the people of Bilston.
Hickman married Lucy Owen Smith in 1850. His grandson Alfred succeeded to the baronetcy.

</doc>
<doc id="19414076" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19414076" title="Hurricane Florence (1953)">
Hurricane Florence (1953)

Hurricane Florence was a minimal Atlantic hurricane that struck the Florida Panhandle in September of the 1953 season. The eighth storm and fifth hurricane of the season, Florence developed in the western Caribbean from a tropical wave near Jamaica on September 23. It produced heavy rainfall on the nearby island, and later caused damage in western Cuba. The storm quickly intensified into a hurricane over the Yucatan Channel, and as it moved north through the Gulf of Mexico, Florence's maximum sustained winds reached 125 mph (205 km/h). On September 26, the hurricane hit in a sparsely populated region of western Florida, and shortly after landfall became an extratropical cyclone. 
Damage from Florence, with 421 houses damaged and another three destroyed. The winds destroyed the roofs of three evacuation shelters, resulting in one injury. The city of Apalachicola, Florida was temporarily isolated due to the storm's impact. There were no deaths associated with Florence, and damage totaled $200,000 (1953 USD, $  USD). After becoming extratropical, the remnants continued to the northeast, producing rainfall along its path before dissipating on September 28 southeast of New England.
Meteorological history.
The origins of Hurricane Florence were from a tropical wave that moved through the Lesser Antilles into the eastern Caribbean Sea on September 21. The wave tracked generally westward, and spawned a tropical storm on September 23 about 100 mi (160 km) southeast of Jamaica. Given the name Florence, the storm steadily intensified after developing, although a well-defined circulation was not observed until September 24. That day, Florence attained hurricane status in the Yucatán Channel between the Yucatán Peninsula and the western tip of Cuba. 
After turning north and entering the Gulf of Mexico, Florence quickly intensified, with the Hurricane Hunters estimating winds of 125 to 140 mph (205 to 225 km/h); the official peak intensity was reported as 125 mph (205 km/h), along with a pressure of . However, the estimate of the peak winds may have been too high, as ships in the region did not confirm them. On September 26, it began quickly weakening, due to a combination of colder water temperatures and cool air. At around 1800 UTC that day, Florence made landfall in a sparsely populated area between Fort Walton and Panama City Beach, Florida with winds of . Within six hours after moving ashore, the hurricane had transitioned into an extratropical cyclone near the borders of Florida, Alabama, and Georgia. The remnants of Florence turned the northeast along a cold front, crossing Georgia before emerging near Savannah. The storm paralleled the Carolinas just offshore, dissipating on September 28 southeast of New England.
Preparations and impact.
While the storm was first developing, Florence dropped heavy rainfall up to in Jamaica, which isolated villages and blocked roads. Early in its existence, Hurricane Florence produced strong winds and waves along the west coast of Cuba, producing locally heavy damage. Prior to the hurricane making landfall on the United States Gulf Coast, the Weather Bureau issued warnings and recommended evacuations, which were credited in preventing any deaths or major injuries. In Florida and Alabama, the National Guard were activated in the event of heavy damage being caused, although they were ultimately not required. The Air Force flew hundreds of planes away from the region for safety. In addition, the Coast Guard drove along the beach to warn people of the approaching hurricane. In Panama City, Florida, about 10,000 people were evacuated. All warnings related to the hurricane were lowered by the New Orleans U.S. Weather Bureau office at 4 pm CDT on September 26. Offshore, a United States Coast Guard ship came to a standstill for 18 hours from the morning of September 25 into the early morning hours of September 26 while battling the cyclone out in the Gulf of Mexico. 
The strongest winds recorded were at Eglin Air Force Base. Although Florence made landfall in Florida, the heaviest rainfall related to Florence was in Lockhart, Alabama. Two intense rainbands, one on each side of the center, were responsible for the heaviest rainfall from the hurricane, including hourly rainfall rates of over . Panama City reported in a three-hour period. The combination of winds and heavy rainfall caused minor crop damage in the Florida panhandle and southeastern Alabama. Along the coast, Florence damaged 421 houses and destroyed three others. The winds destroyed the roofs of three shelters – one at Eglin Air Force Base and two in Crestview, Florida, forcing the evacuees to leave for safer areas; one person was injured in the process. The winds also destroyed the roofs of nine houses in Crestview. Strong waves, reaching up to in height, damaged of a fishing pier in Panama City. The waves also washed over portions of U.S. Route 98 near Apalachicola, leaving the city isolated after power lines were downed. 
Due to the strongest winds affecting a sparsely populated area near the coast, overall damage in the United States was minor, estimated around $200,000 (1953 USD, $  USD). Heavy rainfall was reported in portions Alabama, including a total of , one inch shy of the 24 hour precipitation record in Montgomery set in 1892. There, the rainfall backed up sewer drains, flooding homes and cars. The storm left about 4,000 people without electricity in the area. While Florence moved across the southeastern United States, the heaviest rainfall fell to the near and left of its center, due to interaction with a cold front.

</doc>
<doc id="19414081" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19414081" title="Polish Special Forces">
Polish Special Forces

Wojska Specjalne, "WS" (en. Special Troops) is the 4th military branch of the Armed Forces of the Republic of Poland formed in early 2007. It is composed of special forces units and command:

</doc>
<doc id="19414088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19414088" title="Sayed Nafees al-Hussaini">
Sayed Nafees al-Hussaini

Syed Nafees Al-Hussaini, (also spelled Sayyid Nafis Shah al-Husayni, or simply Nafees Shah (Urdu: سید نفیس الحسینی) (died 26th of Muharram, 1429 (11 March 1933 – 5 feb 2008) in Lahore, Pakistan) was a Pakistani calligrapher, writer, poet and a renowned Sufi Sheikh. He had been awarded Pride of Performance, one of the highest awards by Government of Pakistan, for his calligraphic work.
Foreword.
Due to technological advancement in computer science there has been steady decline in the art of calligraphy as a profession and few skilled artist remain. Despite the decline amateur calligraphers are keeping this Islamic Art alive. One such skilled calligrapher was Syed Anwar Hussain Nafees Ul Hussaini (Nafees Raqam), who has devoted all of his life to this Islamic Art.
The early years.
Sayed Nafees Al-Hussaini belonged to a known Sufi Syed dynasty, Gesu Daraz, which is renowned in the sub-continent due to the famous Sufi saint Khawaja Muhammad Gesudraz of Gulbarga. Syed Nafees shah sahib was born at village Gadiala district Sialkot on 11 March 1933. He studied at Faisalabad and passed Matriculation examination from city Muslim high school there with distinction. He passed intermediate in 1950 from Govt. college Lyalpur (now Faisalabad). Shah sahib shifted to Lahore and studied Urdu and Persian languages at Oriental College, Lahore.
He learn art of writing in Hindi script as well. He could read and write almost all languages of sub-continent in their particular script including Bengali, Sanskrit, Hindi and Gurmukhi languages. On literary side he knows English, Persian, Arabic and Punjabi languages and produced literature in all these languages.
Having passed Matriculation he pursued studies set out to learn art of calligraphy from his father. His father Syed Muhammad Ashraf Ali Syed ul Qalm and his father in law Hakeem Syed Naik Alam were great calligraphers of their times and Arabic calligraphy was their main forte.
Beginning of calligraphy.
He wrote famous poems of Allama Iqbal "LalLaHa ILLALLAH" on front page of the first issue of Daily Insaf. The first book he inscribed was Rehmat ul Lil Alameen on the life of the Prophet. He served daily Nawa-i-waqt as head calligrapher from 1952 to 1956. He then worked as freelance calligrapher with office at Chattan Building Lahore up to 1970. Daily papers of repute used to have head lines written by Shah Sahib. He trained hundreds of pupils in the art of calligraphy. He used to train pupils firstly in Khat-t-Nasakh so that more and more calligraphers could learn to inscribe Quraan sharif. He restricted himself to writing titles preferably in Nastaliq Genre. Nevertheless he was equally good as a master of other genres like Thuluth, Naskh, Diwani, Riqa and Kufic.
Famous titles.
The famous titles he has written include those of Punjab University, Majlis-e-Taraqi-e-Adab, Majlis-e-Tehqiqat Farsi Iran and Pakistan, Idara Tul Quraan, Adara-e-Islamiat, Maktaba-e-Madnia, Maktab-e-Rashidia, Maktaba-e-Syed Ahmad Shaheed, Idara-e-Adab, Markazi Anjuman-e-Khudam-ul-Quraan, Maktaba Binat, Maktab-e-Ahli Sunnah, Dar-ul-Ishaat and Majlish-e- Nashariat-ul-Islam among scores of others.
Miscellaneous calligraphic services.
Syed Sahib compiled a text book on calligraphy himself at the behest of Text Book Board. He also inscribed rare write-ups on stone plates which include Masjid-e-Salah-ud-din Lahore, Masjid-e-Hazrat Ali Mohani Road Lahore, Masjid-e-Faiz ul Islam, Masjid Chaudhry Hospital, Sumit Minar and epitaphs on the graves of Professor Hameed Ahmed Khan and Editor Monthly Naqoosh Mohammad Tufail. He also inscribed on steel plates at Allama Iqbal Museum and wrote famous poems of Allama Iqbal on 50 canvas sheets in Khat-e Nastaliq at Aewan-e-Iqbal. Besides being a calligrapher of the highest order Syed Nafees Shah was a lettered person and had a large collection of books on literature and religion many of them authored by him.
Biography.
Syed Nafees Raqam passed many phases and improved himself with every passing day. Syed Nafees Raqam studied works of lamination of his time including Meer Ali Harvi and Jmadul Hassan besides Perveen Raqam and then developed his own style of calligraphic art. He has now developed a skill in Irani Nastaliq, while previously he mastered the Parveeni Nastaliq style. Famous works of Shah Sahib include Dewan-e-Ghalib published under auspices of Punjab University in 1969.
Dewan-e-Bulhay Shah published under the aegis of Packages Limited, Kulyat-e-Meer compiled by Dr. Ibadat Barelvi and others. He continued inscribing Holy Quraan which is his main occupation and fondness. Syed Anwar Hussain also prepared a font of computer which is adopted by well known organization FAST and named as “Khat-e-Nafees”, Karachi Nizami computer also used fonts prepared by him,in the their products named Urdu Mahir and Urdu 98 etc.
Prizes awarded in recognition of his art.
Syed Nafees Shah was awarded several prizes in recognition of his art.
These include:-
His personal virtue apart, He was a great spiritual leader and a Sufi of highest order. Thousands of his followers regularly visit him for occasion.

</doc>
<doc id="19414092" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19414092" title="Waybe">
Waybe

Waybe is a software company based in Calgary, Alberta. They are best known for their unfolding software used to help build paper models.

</doc>
<doc id="19414152" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19414152" title="Hubertus Schmidt">
Hubertus Schmidt

Hubertus Schmidt (born 8 October 1959) is a German equestrian and Olympic champion. He won a gold medal in "team dressage" at 
the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens with the team from Germany.
Hubertus was a mainstay of the German team with his famous mare Wansuela Suerte, and he has trained many other horses to Grand Prix. He is currently (2010) the coach for the Swedish team. He teaches at Fleyenhof stable in Germany.

</doc>
<doc id="19414169" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19414169" title="1923 World Figure Skating Championships">
1923 World Figure Skating Championships

The World Figure Skating Championships is an annual figure skating competition sanctioned by the International Skating Union in which figure skaters compete for the title of World Champion. 
The 1923 men competitions took place on January 27 to 28, 1923 in Vienna, Austria.
The 1923 ladies competitions took place on January 27 to 28, 1923 in Vienna, Austria.
The 1923 pairs competition took place January 21, 1923 also in Kristiania, Norway. 
Results.
Men.
Judges were
Ladies.
Judges were
Pairs.
Judges were

</doc>
<doc id="19414187" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19414187" title="Stanley Fink, Baron Fink">
Stanley Fink, Baron Fink

Stanley Fink, Baron Fink is a British hedge fund manager, the former CEO and deputy chairman of the Man Group plc.
Biography.
Stanley Fink was educated at Manchester Grammar School and Trinity Hall, Cambridge. He is married to Barbara.
Business career.
Fink worked for Citibank before the Man Group, where he rose to be CEO from 2000 to 2007. 
He has been described as the "godfather" of the UK hedge fund industry and has been credited with building the Man Group up to its current status as a FTSE 100 company and the largest listed hedge fund company in the world. 
He was ranked 698th in the Sunday Times Rich List 2008 with a personal fortune of £118 million. 
In September 2008 it was announced that Fink would come out of retirement to act as the chief executive of International Standard Asset Management (Isam) in a partnership with Lord Levy.
Lord Fink is a director of a number of financial services companies, including Beetle Capital Partners, Earth Capital Partners, Gencore Ltd, Global Free Holdings Ltd, and Marex Group. 
He is also a director of Key-2 Luxury Ltd, an event management company, and is Chairman of Zenith Hygiene Group.
Political career.
In January 2009 he was appointed co-treasurer of the Conservative Party.
On 18 January 2011, he was made a life peer, taking the title of Baron Fink, of Northwood in the County of Middlesex.
Lord and Lady Fink have been guests of David Cameron at Chequers.
After the resignation of Peter Cruddas over a cash-for-access controversy, Lord Fink returned to the position of treasurer of the Conservative Party. Fink previously donated £2.62m to the Conservative party [http://media.ft.com/cms/c3f0d088-2107-11e1-8a43-00144feabdc0.pdf].
Other interests.
In September 2009 he became chairman of the hedge fund-backed Academy sponsor Absolute Return for Kids.
He is Chair of Governors at Burlington Danes Academy, director of the Oxford Centre for Hebrew and Jewish Studies and president of Evelina Children's Hospital.

</doc>
<doc id="19414214" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19414214" title="Kyle Bornheimer">
Kyle Bornheimer

Kyle Bornheimer (born September 10, 1975) is an American actor known for his role on the American sitcom "Worst Week" on CBS.
Life and career.
Bornheimer was born in Mishawaka, Indiana. He attended high school at Marian High School in Mishawaka, Indiana, graduating in 1994. He also went to grade school at St. Monica School in Mishawaka and graduated in 1990. Kyle is a founding member of The Curtainbox Theatre Company.
With a string of national commercials, Bornheimer established an "always on TV" reputation with 30-second spots for such national accounts as Geico, Staples, Coors Light, Imodium, Stanley and T-Mobile.
Landing the lead of Sam Briggs on "Worst Week", which has since been cancelled, was a breakthrough role for Bornheimer, a newcomer, whose short film and TV career spans less than five years. Bornheimer was reportedly described by one critic as "the new Bob Newhart". 
He starred with Alyssa Milano on the TV sitcom "Romantically Challenged". The series premiered on ABC on April 19, 2010, but ABC officially cancelled the series on May 16, 2010. He was also featured in episodes of the TV shows "Better Off Ted", "Breaking Bad", "The Office", and "Party Down".
More recently, Bornheimer starred in the NBC sitcom "Perfect Couples" opposite Olivia Munn, Dave Walton, and Hayes MacAurthur and in the ABC sitcom "Family Tools" with J.K. Simmons and Leah Remini. Both shows were cancelled in their first season.
His feature film credits include "She's Out of My League", opposite Jay Baruchel and T.J. Miller; "You Again" with Odette Annable, Sigourney Weaver, Jamie Lee Curtis, Christine Lakin, and Kristen Bell; and most recently "Bachelorette" opposite Kirsten Dunst, Isla Fisher, Lizzy Caplan, and James Marsden.

</doc>
<doc id="19414215" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19414215" title="Hasanagha Turabov">
Hasanagha Turabov

Hasanagha Turabov (, , 1938 in Baku – 2003 in Baku) is an Azerbaijani and Soviet actor, who starred in leading roles in numerous Azerbaijani films, including "Yeddi Ogul Isterem", "Babek".

</doc>
<doc id="19414223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19414223" title="Foursome (group sex)">
Foursome (group sex)

A foursome is a form of group sex involving four people of any gender combination.
Types of foursomes.
The level of sexual activity among the four members may vary greatly. Other foursomes may involve some same sex contact, and some foursomes actively involve all four members.
Wife Swapping.
Wife swapping involves two couples, usually both married heterosexual pairs, where each man "swaps" his wife for the other, and has sexual intercourse with her. There is usually no sexual contact between the two wives or the two husbands. Although this act is named for married couples, it applies equally to unmarried and homosexual couples. Wife swapping is sometimes simply called "swapping" as some people find the term "wife swapping" degrading to women and implies treating them as objects.
Soft Swinging.
Soft swinging involves two couples, where either one couple has a voyeuristic role watching the other have sex, or the couples each have sex but with no sexual contact between the two pairs.
Gangbangs.
A gang bang involves three (or more) people having sex with a fourth successively. This usually occurs with men penetrating women, but can equally apply to homosexual acts, or women penetrating men using Strap-on dildos.
Airtight seal.
The "airtight seal" involves vaginal sex and anal sex performed on a woman by two men in a double penetration, while the woman performs fellatio on a third man.
Quads.
A quad is a romantic relationship involving four people. It is most commonly used to describe a love relationship between two couples where it takes the form of a square, in which all four people have a love relationship with each other.
While it can refer to two people independently romantically linked with two others, it usually implies that each of the four people has some kind of sexual relationship to the other three. The relationships are normally friendships, though romantic. Addition of bisexual or homosexual characters adds many possible combinations of sexes, and of romantic and sexual interactions.

</doc>
<doc id="19414224" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19414224" title="Sweetening (disambiguation)">
Sweetening (disambiguation)

Sweetening is the use of a laugh track in addition to a live studio audience in television.
Sweetening may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19414251" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19414251" title="Extreme points of Scotland">
Extreme points of Scotland

This is a list of the extreme points and extreme elevations in Scotland.
The northernmost and westernmost points of Scotland coincide with those of the UK (both for the mainland and including the islands).
Centre point.
Schiehallion, a mountain in Perthshire, is sometimes described as the centre of Scotland.
However, 2002 studies by the Ordnance Survey pinpointed the centres more precisely, and it is their results that are quoted here. However, this is obviously dependent on whether or not Scotland's islands are included, and there is more than one way to measure it.
Elevation extremes.
The ten tallest mountains in the UK are all found in Scotland.
Wanlockhead claims to be the highest settlement in Scotland.
Many points are on, or near sea level, but due to high rainfall, there are no natural dry pieces of land below sea level - see rivers and lochs below.
Rivers and lochs.
The longest river in Scotland is the River Tay (117 mi, 188 km).
The largest (freshwater) loch in Scotland is: 
The deepest freshwater loch is Loch Morar with a maximum depth of 309 metres (Loch Ness is second at 228 metres deep).
Notes about Rockall.
Rockall is claimed by several countries, including the UK (as part of Scotland's Outer Hebrides).
1 If Rockall is not considered part of the UK, Soay, St Kilda, west of the Outer Hebrides, is the westernmost point.
2The village on Hirta, St Kilda was abandoned in 1930, and was until then the westernmost settlement in Scotland. The island now has a military base, and is staffed during the summer months.

</doc>
<doc id="19414252" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19414252" title="Cairn Lee">
Cairn Lee

Cairn Lee is a prehistoric monument in Aberdeenshire, Scotland. Cairn Lee and proximate Longman Hill are the oldest prehistoric features in the local area.

</doc>
<doc id="19414255" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19414255" title="Alexandra Simons de Ridder">
Alexandra Simons de Ridder

Alexandra Simons de Ridder (born 29 October 1963) is a German equestrian and Olympic champion. She won a gold medal in "team dressage" at 
the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney with the team from Germany.

</doc>
<doc id="19414272" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19414272" title="Dario Niccodemi">
Dario Niccodemi

Dario Niccodemi (Livorno, Italy, 1874 – Rome, Italy, 1934) was a novelist and a playwright who was born in Italy.
He spent his youth in Buenos Aires; he met the French actress "Rejane" in 1900, became her secretary and translated and adapted for her several Italian works. In this way, he learned techniques which he used later on, beginning with "L'aigrette" (comedy in three acts, 1912).
His comedies represent the bourgeois drama in an ironic and sentimental way, in which his characters are modelled on the society of the beginning of the century.
He founded a theater company in 1921, wrote novels ("Il romanzo di scampolo") and two opera librettos, a "scampolo" with music by Camussi, and another, "La ghibellina", with music by Bianchi.
He has written several plays and screenplays, including "Scampolo" (film, 1928)", La nemica", "L'alba, il giorno, la notte", "La maestrina" (film, 1942). He carried out the first performance of Six Characters in Search of an Author by Luigi Pirandello at Teatro Valle in Rome. Among his fans was Leo Tolstoy, who wrote to prefer "La nemica" by Niccodemi to Pirandello's dramas of and to Verga's novels.

</doc>
<doc id="19414292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19414292" title="Sweeten">
Sweeten

Sweeten is a surname, and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19414323" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19414323" title="College Park Elementary School">
College Park Elementary School

College Park Elementary School can refer to elementary schools in the United States:

</doc>
<doc id="19414346" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19414346" title="Osaka Plain">
Osaka Plain

The refers to a 1,600 km² area of flat land, the largest plain in the Kinki region, including a large part of Osaka Prefecture and a southeastern portion of Hyōgo Prefecture. It is bordered on the north by the Hokusetsu Mount Range, on the east by the Ikoma Mount Range and Kongō Mount Range, on the south by the Izumi Mount Range, and on the west by Osaka Bay. On occasion, it is called the after the names of former Settsu Province, Kawachi Province and Izumi Province. 
Geologically, the plain is considered to be an alluvial plain mainly consisting of hills and plateaus created during Pliocene and Pleistocene and deltas created during Holocene by current rivers such as the Yodogawa River and Yamatogawa River. Prominent hills and plateaus include the Senri Hills, Toyonaka Plateau, and Itami Plateau to the north; the Hirakata Hills and Katano Plateau to the northeast; and the Kasen Hills, Shinodayama Plateau, Mikunigaoka Plateau, and Uemachi Plateau to the south. Major streams are the Muko River, Ina River, Ibaraki River, and Akuta River located in the northern portion; and the Yodo River and Yamato River in the eastern section; and the Ishizu River, Ōtsu River, and Onosato River in the southwestern part of the plain. 

</doc>
<doc id="19414347" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19414347" title="Dean Martin (politician)">
Dean Martin (politician)

Dean Martin was the Arizona State Treasurer from 2007 to 2011. A Republican, he defeated Democrat Rano Singh in the 2006 general election. He was previously a member of the Arizona Senate.
Personal.
He married his wife Kerry in 1995. She died on May 25, 2009, of complications from childbirth four hours after giving birth to a son, Austin Michael Martin, who died two days later. Martin subsequently established Martin Charities to continue his wife's charitable efforts in water safety and financial literacy.
Martin graduated from Arizona State University with the first degree in Small Business Management/Entrepreneurship.
Arizona Senate.
As a member of the Arizona Senate, Martin's first piece of legislation was "Chris' Law" which prevents child predators from posting bail. This bill was inspired by a 12-year-old student named Chris Cottrell. The bill became Prop 103 "Chris' Law". It passed in 2002 with 80.4% of the vote. While in the Senate, Martin served as Chairman of the Senate Finance Committee.
Arizona Treasurer.
Martin was elected Arizona State Treasurer in 2006 and assumed office in January 2007. As Treasurer, Martin also served as the Chairman of the State Board of Investment and State Loan Commission, as the State Surveyor General and on the State Land Selection Board. As Treasurer, Martin was second in line of succession to the governor since incumbent Arizona Secretary of State Ken Bennett was appointed and not elected to office.
2010 gubernatorial campaign.
Martin announced his bid for Governor of Arizona on January 11, 2010. Polling done on January 25, 2010 by Rasmussen Reports had Martin narrowly leading incumbent governor and fellow Republican Jan Brewer 31% to 29% in a hypothetical Republican primary. As of March 23, 2010, Rasmussen Reports showed Martin leading presumed Democratic nominee Arizona Attorney General Terry Goddard 43% to 38% in a hypothetical general election match up. Martin suspended his campaign for governor on July 9, 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="19414368" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19414368" title="Marcelo Tolomeotti">
Marcelo Tolomeotti

Marcelo Tolomeotti also referred to as Peabirú is a Brazilian footballer who most recently played for Valletta.
Marcelo Peabirú previously played for Santos, and for Coritiba in the 2005 Campeonato Brasileiro.

</doc>
<doc id="19414369" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19414369" title="Lima Cricket and Football Club">
Lima Cricket and Football Club

Lima Cricket and Football Club is a Peruvian sports club based in the city of Lima. The club claims to be the oldest in Peru and one of the oldest clubs in Latin America, having been founded in the 19th century. The association football team currently participates in the local league of San Isidro District, Lima.
Lima CFC's exact date of foundation is disputed due to there is no records of its establishment. The first official documents still in existence are dated 1885, although it is believed that the club had been founded many years before.
Apart from football, nowadays the club hosts the practise of basketball, basque pelota, bowls, cricket, fencing, field hockey, table tennis, tennis, swimming and volleyball. Rugby union is no longer practised.
History.
Lima Cricket was originally founded by English immigrants as the "Lima Cricket Club". From its start, it was a multi-sport club based around the sports of cricket, rugby union, and football; however, there was a central focus on cricket. Over time, other sports gained popularity within the club, and thus its name several times such as in 1865 to "Lima Cricket and Lawn Tennis Club" (when it merged with a local lawn tennis club) and to "Lima Cricket and Football Club" in 1906 (although another source dates this as 1900).
Despite its members played football since its origins, the club's first recorded football match was in 1893, a year after the first recorded game of football in the Peruvian capital. Lima Cricket went on to inspire future football clubs in Peru such as Union Cricket.
Rivalries.
His first rivalry was with the Regatas Lima who dispute the (Classic of Yesteryear).

</doc>
<doc id="19414382" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19414382" title="2010 Chinese Super League">
2010 Chinese Super League

The 2010 Chinese Super League season was the seventh season since the establishment of the Chinese Super League, the seventeenth season of a professional association football league and the 49th top-tier league season in China.
The teams ranked first through fourteenth of the 2009 season and two promoted teams from the 2009 League One season participated in this season. Shandong Luneng won the title for third time in seven years.
Matchfixing scandal.
In China's attempts to revitalise the domestic game, which has been dogged with allegations of corruption over the last few years they questioned or arrested several high profile members within Chinese football. The most high profile of these were the former Head of the Chinese Football Association Nan Yong, his deputy Yang Yimin and Zhang Jianqiang who used to be in charge of referee arrangements. The crackdown quickly discovered that Guangzhou F.C. and Chengdu Blades had both bribed their way into the top tier. Both were relegated to the second tier and did not appeal, making their punishment the harshest dealt out to a club. In keeping the top table at 16 teams Hangzhou Greentown and Chongqing Lifan both retained their places within the top tier despite being originally slated for relegation.

</doc>
<doc id="19414384" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19414384" title="1924 World Figure Skating Championships">
1924 World Figure Skating Championships

The World Figure Skating Championships is an annual figure skating competition sanctioned by the International Skating Union in which figure skaters compete for the title of World Champion. 
The 1924 men competitions took place on February 26th to 27th, 1924 in Manchester, Great Britain.
The 1924 ladies competitions took place on February 16th to 17th, 1924 in Oslo, Norway.
The 1924 pairs competition took place February 26th to 27th, 1924 also in Manchester, Great Britain. 
Results.
Men.
Judges were
Ladies.
Judges were
Pairs.
Judges were

</doc>
<doc id="19414411" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19414411" title="South Dakota Highway 89">
South Dakota Highway 89

South Dakota Highway 89 (SD 89) is a state highway in southwest South Dakota. The highway is long and runs from U.S. Route 18 near Minnekahta to South Dakota Highway 87 in Custer State Park. SD 89 is co-signed with U.S. Route 385 from Pringle to Custer. The portion of the highway from Custer to SD 87 is part of the Peter Norbeck Scenic Byway.
History.
SD 89 was established in 1950 from Spearfish to Minnekahta. The section from Spearfish to SD 87 was changed to U.S. Route 14 Alternate and U.S. Forest Service roads. The section of SD 89 from Custer to Sylvan Lake was once part of an alternate route of U.S. Route 85.

</doc>
<doc id="19414433" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19414433" title="Multiplicative character">
Multiplicative character

A multiplicative character (or linear character, or simply character) on a group "G" is a group homomorphism from "G" to the multiplicative group of a field , usually the field of complex numbers. If "G" is any group, then the set Ch("G") of these morphisms forms an abelian group under pointwise multiplication.
This group is referred to as the character group of "G". Sometimes only "unitary" characters are considered (thus the image is in the unit circle); other such homomorphisms are then called "quasi-characters". Dirichlet characters can be seen as a special case of this definition.
Multiplicative characters are linearly independent, i.e. if formula_1 are different characters on a group "G" then from formula_2 it follows that formula_3.

</doc>
<doc id="19414443" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19414443" title="Fountain Valley School District">
Fountain Valley School District

Fountain Valley School District is a district of ten schools located in Fountain Valley, California. Former school Fred Moiola Elementary School (a K-8 school) was closed in 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="19414460" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19414460" title="Joe Hart (politician)">
Joe Hart (politician)

Joe Hart is the current Arizona state mine inspector. A Republican, he was first elected in 2006 as a former state representative and broadcast company owner.
Education.
Joe Hart received his education from the following institutions:
Political Experience.
Joe Hart has had the following political experience:
Professional Experience.
Joe Hart has had the following professional experience:
Organizations.
Joe Hart has been a member of the following organizations:

</doc>
<doc id="19414474" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19414474" title="Paul McGrillen">
Paul McGrillen

Paul McGrillen (19 August 1971 – 29 July 2009) was a Scottish footballer who played as a striker for clubs including Motherwell, Falkirk, Airdrieonians and East Fife in the Scottish leagues. After retiring from senior football, he played in the Scottish minor leagues and was playing for Bathgate Thistle as this level when he committed suicide in July 2009, when still only 37 years old.
Career.
McGrillen spent his early career with Motherwell, being part of Motherwell's Scottish Cup-winning squad in 1991 (although not appearing in the Final itself), while also winning the Scottish Challenge Cup with Falkirk in 1997-98. Following his departure from Brockville in 1998, McGrillen began a series of spells with lower league clubs, taking up a player/manager role with Bellshill Athletic between 2006 and 2007. In 2008, McGrillen won the Scottish Junior Cup with his final club Bathgate.
On 11 September 2008, McGrillen played for a Motherwell side in Dougie Arnott's belated testimonial match against an Old Firm select.
Death.
McGrillen was found dead at his home in Hamilton on 29 July 2009, having committed suicide by hanging, but without leaving a note.

</doc>
<doc id="19414477" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19414477" title="Robert East (actor)">
Robert East (actor)

Robert Gwyn East (7 July 1943) is a theatre and TV actor. He also wrote "Incident at Tulse Hill", first produced at the Hampstead Theatre in December 1981 under the direction of Harold Pinter.
He is perhaps best known for playing Harry, the Prince of Wales in BBC comedy series "The Black Adder" (1983).
East's other television appearances include regular appearances on "Dave Allen at Large" (1973-1979), as well as roles in "Emma" (1972), "Napoleon and Love" (1974), "Moody and Pegg" (1974), "Rentaghost" (1976), "Happy Ever After" (1976), "Potter" (1980), "Kelly Monteith" (1980), "Yes, Minister" (1982), "Terry and June" (1985), "Rumpole of the Bailey" (1987), "Yes, Prime Minister" (1987), "Bread" (1987), Allo 'Allo!" (1991), and "Heartbeat" (2003).
He made a brief appearance as a soldier in the film "Figures in a Landscape" (1970).

</doc>
<doc id="19414497" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19414497" title="HSC-23">
HSC-23

Helicopter Sea Combat Squadron Two Three (HSC-23), also known as the "Wildcards", are a United States Navy helicopter squadron based at Naval Air Station North Island in San Diego, California. The "Wildcards" currently fly the MH-60S Knighthawk helicopter. HSC-23 is the sister squadron of the HSC-21 "Blackjacks" stationed at Naval Air Station North Island.
Command History.
Helicopter Sea Combat Squadron 23 was established on September 29, 2006 at Naval Air Station North Island in San Diego, California.
Command Emblem.
From the command website: "Within the traditional 5-card hand on the squadron logo, the "suicide king", "one-eyed jack", and the "deuce of clubs" represent the standard wildcards used in many card games. The Ace of spades is of course the strongest natural card in any deck. And the joker in the foreground shows our unique "WC" as the third wildcard in the royal flush shown on our patch. The guns are 1851 Navy Colt revolvers famous for their dependability and accuracy, and they are a symbol of the fire-power the armed helo brings to the table and the strike capability it provides the fleet. Throughout history the Navy Colt revolver has been used in many battles and by many great heroes. The Wildcards stand up as a new squadron that has not forgotten the past. We acknowledge the success of or predecessors and what they have accomplished. We intended to go forward learning from history and forging a new and brighter future."

</doc>
<doc id="19414498" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19414498" title="Susan Wessels-Webber">
Susan Wessels-Webber

Susan Wessels-Webber (born 12 November 1977 in Bloemfontein, Free State) is a field hockey player from South Africa who represented her country at the 2000 and 2004 Summer Olympics. She captained the women's national team at the 2003 All-Africa Games in Abuja, Nigeria, where South Africa won the title by defeating Nigeria 10-0.

</doc>
<doc id="19414529" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19414529" title="Patna Medical College and Hospital">
Patna Medical College and Hospital

Patna Medical College and Hospital (abbreviated PMCH) established in 1925 and originally known as Prince of Wales Medical College, is a medical college located in Patna, the state capital of Bihar, India. It is located on the southern bank of the river Ganges and is now affiliated to Aryabhatta Knowledge University (previously: Patna University). The exact location is on Ashok Rajpath which is home to many other notable colleges of Patna University. The college was a premier center for imparting medial education in pre-independence era, producing doctors such as Dr. Banerjee, Dr. Dukhan Ram, Dr. B. Mukhopadhyaya etc. Even now the college handles one of the biggest patient loads across the globe and the variety of Patients you get to see here is unparalleled across India. Many interns of different medical colleges prefer to do their internship from the hospital here. It boasts of more than 1700 beds which is at par with AIIMS. The college has many firsts to its credit, and the ever-expanding website of the Department of Community Medicine here is one such venture in the new era of the technology revolution.
History.
Patna Medical College, Patna was established as Temple Medical School in 1874 with the admission of 30 student with fees of 2 only per students for whole course. This trend continued till 1925. After than Temple Medical School was shifted to Darbhanga and it was replaced by Medical College known as Prince of Wales Medical College, Patna. Formal inauguration of this medical college was done on 25 February 1925. Various building were constructed by the donations from Princely states of Bihar. The first batch of 35 students were transferred from Calcutta Medical College, Calcutta to Prince of Wales Medical College, Patna. This medical college can rightly claim to be the torch bearer of medical education in Bihar. Post graduate course was started in 1932. Postgraduate teaching in Orthopaedics, Physiology, Gynaecology and Radiotherapy was first starts in this institution in whole undivided India. Vertical and Horizontal integrated teaching and weekly seminar are the regular feature in this institution.
This college is the mainstay for medical education and treatment to the masses, not only to this State, but the adjoining area of the neighboring States. Patna Medical College, Patna has glorious past and bright future. It was started in the year 1874 as Temple Medical School with total admission of 35 students per year. This trend continued up to 1925. After that, it was turned into the medical college named as Prince of Wales Medical College, Patna. The first batch of MBBS students were trained clinically at Calcutta Medical College, Calcutta. The Postgraduate teaching in Medicine, Surgery, Physiology, Obst. & Gynaecology was first started in this Institution in undivided India.
College.
The MBBS courses at the College is recognized by Medical Council of India. its intake capacity is 150 student. It also offers degree in MS, MD, MCh, Diploma and PhD courses. The undergraduate aspirants are admitted on the basis of their scores in the Combined Medical Education Entrance Test which is conducted by the Medical Council of India. The duration of the course is four and half year, divided into 9 semester. In postgraduate courses, 247 doctors are admitted annually. The library of the college is well equipped with books and computers and is connected to the National Medical Library through internet.
There are 5 hostel for undergraduate courses (4 boys hostel and 1 girls hostel), and 4 hostel for postgraduate courses (3 boys hostel and 1 girls hostel). All hostels are situated in the campus except Charak Chatrawas which is situated 300 m away. The Hospital of the college, PMCH, is one of the premier hospital of the State. It has 1770 beds for patient under various departments.
Patna Medical College is a well known medical college in Eastern India. It has provided valuable service to the society since its establishment.
How to reach.
Patna Medical college is situated in Ashok Rajpath. It can be reached from East Gandhi Maidan Marg by autos easily. The hospital, PMCH is a famous landmark.
Distance :

</doc>
<doc id="19414536" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19414536" title="Wilfred Parke">
Wilfred Parke

Lieutenant Wilfred Parke RN (1889–1912) was a British airman and became the first aviator to recover from an accidental spin.
Family.
Parkes's father was Alfred Watlington Parke, the Rector of Uplyme and his mother was Hilda Fort. He was the grandson of Charles Joseph Parke of Henbury in Dorset a former High Sheriff of the county and was a great nephew of General William Parke as well as being great great grandson of the Reverend Charles Wickstead Ethelston who read the riot act at the Peterloo riots and signed the arrest for the speakers.
Career.
In April 1911 Parke took his pilot's certificate and joined the naval wing of the RFC. In August 1912, he became the first aviator to recover from an accidental spin when the Avro G cabin biplane, with which he had just broken a world endurance record, entered a spin at 700 feet above ground level at Larkhill Aerodrome on Salisbury Plain. Parke attempted to recover from the spin by increasing engine speed, pulling back on the stick, and turning into the spin, with no effect. The aircraft descended 450 feet, and observers braced themselves for a fatal crash.
Parke was disabled by centrifugal forces but was still considering a means of escape. In an effort to neutralize the forces pinning him against the right side of the cockpit, he applied full right rudder, and the aircraft levelled out fifty feet above the ground. With the aircraft now under control, Parke climbed, made another approach, and landed safely.
In spite of the discovery of "Parke's technique," also known as the "Parke Dive", pilots were not taught spin-recovery procedures until the beginning of World War I.
Death.
Parke was killed a few months later on 15 December 1912 when a Handley Page monoplane, in which he was travelling from Hendon to Oxford, crashed.

</doc>
<doc id="19414546" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19414546" title="I, Cthulhu">
I, Cthulhu

"I, Cthulhu" is a short humorous story by fantasy author Neil Gaiman featuring H. P. Lovecraft's Cthulhu who is dictating an autobiography to a human slave, Whateley. The story reveals much about Cthulhu's 'birth' and early life. "I, Cthulhu" is currently featured on Gaiman's website.

</doc>
<doc id="19414553" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19414553" title="Plantersville, South Carolina">
Plantersville, South Carolina

Plantersville is an unincorporated community in Georgetown County, South Carolina, United States. The community is also growing in population. It is 6 miles north Georgetown on U.S. Route 701. Plantersville is home to many plantations and rice fields. Plantersville Elementary School is also located within the community.

</doc>
<doc id="19414559" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19414559" title="Rockville, California">
Rockville, California

Rockville is a small unincorporated community in northern-central Solano County, California southwest of Fairfield and closest to Cordelia.
The main economic activities are farming, tourism, and the large regional Rockville Cemetery.
Rockville was the site of a crop circle controversy in 2003, with some initially claiming an extraterrestrial cause. However, some local teenagers later admitted that they had perpetrated the hoax.
Tourism.
Rockville is the home of the Rockville Hills Regional Park, consisting of 633 acres of grasslands and oak woodlands, with a dense mixed broadleaf forest through which there are many both hiking and biking trails.

</doc>
<doc id="19414586" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19414586" title="La Liberté (1865 newspaper)">
La Liberté (1865 newspaper)

La Liberté was a French Legitimist newspaper created in July 1865 by Charles-François-Xavier Müller and sold in 1866 to Émile de Girardin. Its last issue was published in 1870.

</doc>
<doc id="19414615" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19414615" title="Douglas County Courthouse (Georgia)">
Douglas County Courthouse (Georgia)

Douglas County Courthouse is a historic courthouse at 6754 West Broad Street in Douglasville, Georgia, United States. 
The courthouse was built in 1956, after the 1896 courthouse burned down. It was built where three prior courthouses originally stood. In 1998, after the opening of the new courthouse, it was set for disposal. However, the local Tourism and History Commission was able to convince the county government to keep it. It became the Douglas County Museum of History and Art. On October 24, 2002, it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.

</doc>
<doc id="19414620" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19414620" title="Baking with Julia">
Baking with Julia

Baking With Julia is an American television cooking program produced by Julia Child and the name of the book which accompanied the series. Each episode featured one pastry chef or baker who demonstrates professional techniques that can be performed in a home kitchen. It was taped primarily in Child's Cambridge, Massachusetts house (Julia Child's kitchen was converted into a TV studio for the purpose) and was aired over four television seasons from 1996 to 1999; it is still occasionally aired in reruns on Create on PBS digital stations.
The series was created as a spinoff of the "Cooking with Master Chefs" series due to a significant response to the baking episodes and was a nation co-production of A La Carte Communications and Maryland Public Television. 
The accompanying book was written by baker and food writer Dorie Greenspan with assistance from Child and food tester David Nussbaum, and includes brief biographical sketches of the chefs involved in the show.
Among the prominent bakers and pastry chefs featured were: 

</doc>
<doc id="19414629" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19414629" title="Encinal Tower">
Encinal Tower

The Encinal Tower was a skyscraper proposed for construction in Downtown Oakland, California. The mixed-use tower was planned to rise and contain 56 floors for office and residential use. The project design consisted of a glass and X-bracing-covered cylindrical building with one side that resembles a roll of fabric unraveling. If built, the skyscraper would have been the tallest building in Oakland and third-tallest in the Bay Area after 555 California Street and the Transamerica Pyramid, both located in San Francisco. The project had undergone several design and name changes since it was first proposed in 2006. The proposal was withdrawn in 2010, and in 2012 the property sold to a developer who plans a much smaller tower.
Description.
The project was located in Downtown Oakland a few blocks away from Lake Merritt and right next to the 19th Street BART station. The site is bounded by Broadway, Franklin, 19th, and 20th streets. Several lowrise buildings and a parking lot currently inhabit the proposed building site. The developers of the project were Chengben (Peter) Wang, and Encinal; the architect is Skidmore, Owings & Merrill.
The proposed building had the shape of an oval cylinder with one side that curves outward and downward. Its exterior skin consisted of glass and X-braces with a horizontal line passing through the center of the X. The large tower was planned to stand tall with 56 floors and contain of floor space. The majority () of this space would consist of offices, would have gone to parking, and for retail space. The top 22 floors of the skyscraper would have housed 220 residential units or ten units per floor. There would have been a large, lobby housing artwork at the base of the building. The building's floorplates will average in size. Wang intended to make this building a landmark for the city of Oakland.
At in height, the proposed skyscraper would have far surpassed the -tall Ordway Building as the tallest building in Oakland and tallest in the Bay Area outside San Francisco. The building would have come in as the third-tallest in the Bay Area overall, after the -tall 555 California Street and the -tall Transamerica Pyramid.
History.
The developers, Wang and Encinal, first proposed this project as 1930 Broadway sometime in 2006 as the new headquarters of University of California system. He came up with three different designs for the all-office building, ranging from 44 floors - to 63 floors - . However, the proposal changed into a mixed-use building after the University of California dropped out on the project. The new design consisted of a (the 63rd-floor was at above street level) skyscraper containing 1,007 parking spaces in an 11-story garage, of office space on 48 floors, of retail / lobby space, a 150-room hotel, and a direct connection the 19th Street BART station. The original project sechedule called for a construction groundbreaking in 2007 and completion of the skyscraper in 2009.
In mid-2007, the name of the project changed to 1938 Broadway and the building was scaled down to with 59 floors. The design of the building had of gross space, with of office space on 45 floors, a 12 story, 1,019 parking space garage with an area of , and a 116-room hotel taking up of space. The parking garage, hotel, and office levels took up a total of 58 floors; the 59th floor was a mechanical floor at above street level. The roof (level 60) was at en elevation of relative to the street. A -tall roof screen located on level 60 pushed the total building height to . The revision also had two basement levels that connected the building to the 19th Street BART station. Once again, the developer submitted other designs for the project, including a 44- to 45-story office / residential building and one that had offices, residential units, and a hotel.
However, sometime in 2007 or 2008, Wang withdrew the proposal as he wasn't pleased with the various designs of the building. Encinal later came back and submitted another proposal in July 2008. The name of the project also changed; it was referred to as Encinal Tower instead of its address 1938 Broadway. Wang put the property on the market in 2012, asking $5.95 million, and sold to Seth Hamilian, who is planning a building of no more than 28 stories.

</doc>
<doc id="19414643" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19414643" title="Rizzo (band)">
Rizzo (band)

Rizzo was a punk / riot grrrl band from Los Angeles, California.
History.
Sarah Dale (drums & vocals) and Jen Abercrombie (guitar & vocals) formed the band in 1995. They originally called themselves Mopar, but after discovering that they had both played the role of Rizzo in their high school productions of Grease, they couldn't help but change their name to a character that they could both identify with. In addition to the "Phoning It In" LP/CD produced in 2001, Rizzo released one 7" single, recorded by Jimmy Tamborello (The Postal Service), and two split singles. Jen Abercrombie also contributed vocals to the Tullycraft albums "City of Subarus" and "Disenchanted Hearts Unite".

</doc>
<doc id="19414650" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19414650" title="Halstead railway station">
Halstead railway station

Halstead railway station was located in Halstead, Essex. It closed in 1962.

</doc>
<doc id="19414706" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19414706" title="1925 World Figure Skating Championships">
1925 World Figure Skating Championships

The World Figure Skating Championships is an annual figure skating competition sanctioned by the International Skating Union in which figure skaters compete for the title of World Champion.
The 1925 men competitions took place on February 14 to15, 1925 in Vienna, Austria.
The 1925 ladies competitions took place on January 31 to February 1, 1925 in Davos, Switzerland.
The 1925 pairs competition took place February 14 to15, 1925 in Vienna, Austria.
Results.
Men.
Judges were
Ladies.
Judges were
Pairs.
Judges were

</doc>
<doc id="19414716" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19414716" title="Who Do You Think You Are? (Irish TV series)">
Who Do You Think You Are? (Irish TV series)

Who Do You Think You Are? is an Irish genealogy documentary series that first aired on RTÉ One in 2008. In each episode, a popular Irish personality embarks on a journey to trace their family tree. The series is based on the original version of the franchise, broadcast by the BBC in the United Kingdom.
In the first episode, RTÉ news reporter Charlie Bird discovered his great-great-grandfather had been involved in the Battle of the Nile (1798) and served under Admiral Nelson himself, whilst Bird also discovered that his grandfather was a bigamist.
In the fifth episode, RTÉ presenter Pamela Flood travelled through "19th-century Dublin, taking in red light districts, millionaire solicitors, pawnbrokers, contested wills, illegitimate children and murder". She met historian David Nolan, who has written a history of Corballis House, where her granny was sent to stay; they subsequently discovered she was born out of wedlock.
A second series aired in September 2009.
Reaction.
The first series was criticised for its attempts to mimic the original BBC version. The "Irish Independent" remarked that: "Our Irish nation pool of talent is so small that the entire country knows exactly what Charlie Bird's lifestyle and personal circumstances are. He is an RTÉ "personality", to be wheeled out in each and every situation ... ad nauseam. He is meant to be a working journalist, not a personality star. It muddies the waters of credibility when supposedly serious journalists become personality acts". Just before the first episode was broadcast, the "Evening Herald" ironically compared RTÉ's "awkwardly titled" "Where Was Your Family During the Famine?" (also broadcast in 2008), in which celebrities traced their family histories back to the darkest period in Ireland's history, to the BBC version. Mention was also made of the high proportion of RTÉ employees involved in the series (Bird is a news reporter, Duffy a radio broadcaster, Flood a television presenter and Martin appears frequently on RTÉ), with a suggestion that the series ought to be renamed "Who Do RTÉ Personalities Think They Are?"

</doc>
<doc id="19414729" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19414729" title="Canoeing at the 1972 Summer Olympics – Men's C-2 1000 metres">
Canoeing at the 1972 Summer Olympics – Men's C-2 1000 metres

The men's C-2 1000 metres event was an open-style, pairs canoeing event conducted as part of the Canoeing at the 1972 Summer Olympics program.
Results.
Heats.
The 16 teams first raced in two heats on September 5. The top three finishers from each of the heats advanced directly to the semifinals and the remaining ten teams were relegated to the repechages.
Repechages.
Taking place on September 7, the top three finishers from each of the repechages advanced to the semifinals.
Semifinals.
Three semifinals were held on September 8. The top three finishers from each of the semifinals advanced to the final.
Final.
The final was held on September 9.
The Soviets took an early lead, but the Romanians mounted a charge at the 700 meter mark which came up 0.03 seconds short at the finish.

</doc>
<doc id="19414734" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19414734" title="MMAC">
MMAC

MMAC may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19414749" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19414749" title="Jean Jules Verdenal">
Jean Jules Verdenal

Jean Jules Verdenal (11 May 1890 - 2 May 1915) was a French medical officer who served, and was killed, during the First World War. Verdenal and his life remain cloaked in obscurity; the little we do know comes mainly from interviews with family members and several surviving letters.
Verdenal was born in Pau, France, the son of Paul Verdenal, a medical doctor. He had a talent for foreign languages. He was athletically inclined. Verdenal as a student was interested in literature and poetry and possessed copies of Stéphane Mallarmé's "Poésies" and of Jules Laforgue's "Poésies" and "Moralités Légendaires." It was perhaps Verdenal's literary inclinations that led him to become friends with American poet T.S. Eliot, whom he met in 1910 at the Sorbonne. After they parted ways, Verdenal and Eliot corresponded through letters. Verdenal was killed on 2 May 1915 while treating a wounded man on the battlefield. This was just a week into the Gallipoli Campaign and a few days shy of his twenty-fifth birthday.
Influence of Verdenal on Eliot.
In 1917, Eliot dedicated to Verdenal his first volume of poetry, "Prufrock and Other Observations", and added the Dante epigraph to the 1925 edition:
For Jean Verdenal, 1889-1915 
"mort aux Dardanelles" 
"Or puoi la quantitate " 
"Comprender dell' amor ch'a te mi scalda," 
"Quando dismento nostra vanitate," 
"Trattando l'ombre come cosa salda." 
can you understand the quantity of love that warms me towards you, so that I forget our vanity, and treat the shadows like the solid thing.
Imagery reminiscent of Verdenal can also be found in other works, such as "The Waste Land". Although he died young and his potential as a great poet was unrealized, Verdenal's memory is preserved in the work of his friend.
Verdenal in publications.
In 1952 John Peter, later a novelist but then a Canadian academic, published an essay, "A New Interpretation of "The Waste Land"" in the journal "Essays in Criticism" in which he interpreted Eliot's poem "The Waste Land" as an elegy for a dead (male) friend. The journal got a demand from Eliot's solicitors to stop distributing the issue. The copies still on hand were destroyed and a later reprint of journal issues did not include Peter's essay. Peter wrote a letter of apology to Eliot. Seventeen years later, in 1969, four years after Eliot's death in 1965, Peter's essay was reprinted (although Peter wrote "The foregoing reprints almost verbatim an essay which was printed in "Essays in Criticism" in July 1952" Timothy Materer found substantial changes from the 1952 essay.) Following this reprint was another essay by Peter, titled "Postscript," where he both described the events and his feelings about the censoring and also expanding upon his original essay. In this second essay Peter identified the friend as Verdenal and quoted Eliot poems, plays and criticism to defend his position. 
In 1971 Eliot's drafts to "The Waste Land" were published in facsimile along with notes by Valerie Eliot, the poet's widow.In 1923 Eliot had sold his drafts of "The Waste Land" to an arts patron, John Quinn (Eliot, 1971, p. xxvi). After Quinn's death it appeared that the drafts were lost but it was announced in October 1968 that the Berg Collection of the New York Public Library had acquired them (Eliot, 1971, p. xxix).</ref> In January 1972, as part of a series of letters to the London "Times Literary Supplement" about Eliot's drafts, G. Wilson Knight made the observation that the so-called "hyacinth girl" was male. Knight expanded upon his observation in an essay later that year.
In the early 1970s George Watson made trips to France to learn more about Verdenal from his military record, his family and friends. Watson's article, "Quest for a Frenchman," published in 1976, presented his discoveries. This article also discussed Eliot's life in Paris in 1910-1911.</ref>
James E. Miller, who felt that there was a personal meaning "The Waste Land", had his attention drawn to Peter and Knight. Miller expanded upon Peter's essays and his book, "T. S. Eliot's Personal Waste Land", was published in 1977. 
In 1998 Miller wrote about Verdenal's letters to Eliot (not available to him or to the public until 1988 when Valerie Eliot published letters by and to Eliot in the first volume of an intended series.)
Claudio Perinot, wanting to expand the scant knowledge about Verdenal, interviewed Verdenal's nephew in 1994. Perinot's findings were published in 1996.
In 2005 Miller also had a biography of Eliot of published. In the biography (covering the years 1888-1922) Miller provided a synopsis of Watson's and Perinot's findings and the contents of Verdenal's letters to Eliot
Claudio Perinot continued his research on Jean Verdenal and, in 2008, published further information concerning the Frenchman's cultural and family background; for the first time, the precise cause of Verdenal's death was also made known. Then, in 2011, Perinot published a composite micro-biography of Eliot's French friend, based on previously unpublished documents, such as obituary notices, photographs, letters, and reminiscences of the people who knew Jean Verdenal.

</doc>
<doc id="19414755" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19414755" title="Vista High School (Lynwood, California)">
Vista High School (Lynwood, California)

Vista High School is one of the three high schools in Lynwood, California. Vista High is a continuation school and runs Pathway High School, an independent studies program. The other two schools are Lynwood High School which is the main high school, and the other is Marco Antonio Firebaugh High School. They are all part of the Lynwood Unified School District.
History.
Vista High School Campus used to be an elementary school (Will Rogers Elementary now located in Duncan Ave.) and was site to Lynwood Adult School until 2000. The Tzu Chi Foundation awarded 15 Students to Scholarships to any school of their choices in 2008, making it the best nomination over the last five years. As of 2008, Vista High School holds the highest test scores within the high schools of Lynwood Unified School District.
Notable alumni.
Shawn Estrada - 2008 Olympic Boxer, represented the United States in Beijing.
Location.
11300 Wright Road
Lynwood, Ca. 90262
310-603-1515

</doc>
<doc id="19414777" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19414777" title="Watty Burnett">
Watty Burnett

Watty Burnett, also known as King Burnett (born Derrick Burnett in Port Antonio, Jamaica, early 1950s) is a reggae artist who had a long association with Lee Perry.
Biography.
Burnett grew up in Port Antonio, the eldest of nine children, and learned to sing in the Baptist church his family attended. His nickname of "Watty" was given to him by childhood friend Murvin Smith Jr (aka Junior Soul), in reference to Burnett's prominent stutter as a child.
Burnett formed a duo with Jimmy Nelson in the late 1960s, known alternately as The Soul Twins and Jimmy & Derrick, and they travelled to Kingston on Sundays, hoping to get a recording session. Although they were rejected by several producers (including Duke Reid who told them "You're too young, come back in five years"), Lee Perry saw potential in their song "Pound Get a Blow", a commentary on the attempts of Canada and the United States to replace the island's currency. The song was a moderate success in Jamaica in 1968, and placed in the Festival Song Contest. They recorded several more tracks for Perry, although their tracks were often miscredited to other artists such as The Bleechers. Burnett moved to the Allman Town district of Kingston, living with his brother Fitzy, and also recorded as "King Burnett" for Perry in late 1974, releasing "I Man Free" and "Babylon a Fall" under that name.
Burnett became a regular session vocalist and instrumentalist (drums, percussion and bass guitar) for Perry at his Black Ark studio, and recorded singles in his own right for the producer, with "Rise and Shine", "Open The Gate", which became the title track of a Trojan Records collection of Perry productions, and his biggest hit, "Rainy Night In Portland" (a version of Brook Benton's "Rainy Night in Georgia"). When The Congos began working with Perry, he added Burnett to the group in 1977 to add baritone to the harmonies, as he was aiming to record a classic falsetto-tenor-baritone group. Burnett sang on seven tracks on the "Heart of the Congos" album, and also contributed mooing noises, recorded earlier by Perry, who got Burnett to moo down a cardboard tube from a roll of tin foil, and these sounds were also used on other Black Ark recordings. The Congos left Perry after a dispute over the release of the "Heart of the Congos" album, but after recording another Congos album, Burnett returned to Perry. He continued working as a session vocalist, providing baritone on Jimmy Cliff's reworking of "Bongo Man" on the "Give Thankx" album, and backing vocals on Bob Marley's "Exodus" album. Burnett rejoined Cedric Myton in the Congos in the 1990s, releasing the "Revival" album.
Burnett released his first solo album proper, "To Hell and Back", in 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="19414778" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19414778" title="Gordon Spivack">
Gordon Spivack

Gordon B. Spivack (c. 1928 – August 6, 2000) was a prominent American antitrust lawyer and former senior Justice Department official. As a lawyer for Coudert Brothers and earlier for the firm of Lord Day & Lord, both now defunct, Spivack's roster of clients included some of the nation's biggest companies, including Cargill, Chevron Corporation, Coca-Cola, Texas Utilities and Union Carbide.
Born in New Haven, Spivack graduated from Yale University in 1950. After graduation, he joined the United States Army, becoming a sergeant first class in the Army's medical corps. In 1952 Spivack returned to New Haven, to enroll in Yale Law School, from which he graduated first in the class of 1955. He then joined the Justice Department's antitrust division ultimately rising to its top career position as Chief of Field Operations where he supervised 350 trial attorneys. Among his many accomplishments at the Division was his work as the government's lead lawyer when it sued executives at General Electric and Westinghouse in 1960, accusing them of fixing the price of large electrical generators. 
In the year 1967, Spivack returned to Yale Law School as a professor of antitrust law and civil procedure. Three years later, however, Lord Day & Lord hired him to start their antitrust group. In 1986, Spivack took himself, 17 other lawyers and all of his clients to Coudert Brothers. While in private practice, Spivack represented in significant cases and investigations many major corporations. In 1978, he was appointed to serve on the President's Commission for the Revision of Antitrust Law and Procedures.
He died of colon cancer at his home in New Haven at age 71.

</doc>
<doc id="19414798" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19414798" title="Political Intelligence Department (1918 – 1920)">
Political Intelligence Department (1918 – 1920)

The Political Intelligence Department (1918–1920) was a department of the British Foreign Office created towards the end of World War I. It was created on 11 March 1918 by Permanent Under-Secretary Lord Hardinge. It gathered political, economic, and military conditions in both allied and enemy countries and prepared reports for the cabinet, the Foreign Office, and other departments. The director of the department was William Tyrrell, with James Headlam-Morley serving as assistant director. Most of the staff were drawn from the Department of Information's Intelligence Bureau, including historians Arnold Toynbee, Lewis Namier, and Alfred Zimmern.
A major function of the department was to prepare reports on all important subjects and countries which might be of importance at the anticipated peace conference following the war.
A similar department was created in 1939 at the outbreak of World War II, also called the Political Intelligence Department.

</doc>
<doc id="19414801" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19414801" title="Kirsten Lawton">
Kirsten Lawton

Kirstin Lawton (Born 17 November 1980 in Hemel Hempstead, England) is a British trampolinist that represented Great Britain at the 2004 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="19414820" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19414820" title="Multi-Mission Effects Vehicle">
Multi-Mission Effects Vehicle

The Multi-Mission Effects Vehicle (MMEV) was a dual-purpose short range surface-to-air and anti-tank platform intended for use by the Canadian Forces. It was based on Air Defense Anti-Tank System (ADATS) technology, and integrated onto an 8×8 wheeled LAV III. The MMEV project was canceled in 2007.
Development.
In late September 2005, the DND announced a $750M project for 30 MMEVs. Prime contractor for the first, $100M phase of the project was to be Oerlikon Contraves Canada. The Canadian Forces worked with Defence Research and Development Canada and Canadian industry through the Technology Demonstration Program to develop fire control systems and ergonomics that would directly contribute to the development of the MMEV. Oerlikon Contraves Canada was selected for the MMEV project since it owns the intellectual property rights to the ADATS technology, the cornerstone of the new MMEV system.
The MMEV was designed to engage fixed wing aircraft and helicopters at low to medium altitudes (20+ km), and land-based targets at up to 8 km. The MMEV was designed with a full ISTAR platform, enabling to communicated with NATO and Tri-Services of the Canadian Forces.
Equipment.
The MMEV was to integrate the latest technology, such the Oerlikon Contraves search-and-acquisition X-Tar 3D radar providing a very high detection probability, covering a range of 25 kilometres. A resistance to electronic and electro-optical systems built by Oerlikon / Rheinmetall

</doc>
<doc id="19414842" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19414842" title="City Sister Silver">
City Sister Silver

City Sister Silver is the title of Alex Zucker's English-language translation of the 1994 novel "Sestra" by Czech author Jáchym Topol, published by Catbird Press in 2000.
The Czech original was described by Czech writer Ivan Klíma as "a first attempt at expressing, in a profound and extremely individual way, the feelings of an entire generation," with the central character Potok in a sense embodying the simultaneous feelings of alienation and enormous possibilities of a young adult at the time of the Velvet Revolution and its aftermath.
This is a complex, frequently dark, and often deliberately confusing, novel, with the English translation described by Samuel Thomas as "a difficult experience for a reader unfamiliar with Czech culture beautiful [ . . . and consistently inventive."
By all accounts, the Czech original is no less challenging or inventive, with Topol making the most of new freedoms to play fast and loose with the conventional rules of written Czech, to the extent that the original was issued with a disclaimer stating the author's intent to "capture language in its unsystematicness and out-of-jointness."

</doc>
