<doc id="19614307" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19614307" title="Mute Swan">
Mute Swan

The Mute Swan ("Cygnus olor") is a species of swan, and thus a member of the waterfowl family Anatidae. It is native to much of Europe and Asia, and (as a rare winter visitor) the far north of Africa. It is also an introduced species in North America, Australasia and southern Africa. The name 'mute' derives from it being less vocal than other swan species. Measuring in length, this large swan is wholly white in plumage with an orange bill bordered with black. It is recognisable by its pronounced knob atop the bill.
Taxonomy.
The Mute Swan was first formally described by the German naturalist Johann Friedrich Gmelin as "Anas olor" in 1789, and was transferred by Johann Matthäus Bechstein to the new genus "Cygnus" in 1803. It is the type species of the genus "Cygnus". Both "cygnus" and "olor" mean "swan" in Latin; "cygnus" is related to the Greek "kyknos".
Despite its Eurasian origin, its closest relatives are the Black Swan of Australia and the Black-necked Swan of South America, not the other Northern Hemisphere swans. The species is monotypic with no living subspecies.
Evolution.
Mute Swan subfossils, 6,000 years old, have been found in post-glacial peat beds of East Anglia, Great Britain. They have also been recorded from Ireland east to Portugal and Italy, and from France, 13,000 BP (Desbrosse and Mourer-Chauvire 1972–1973). The paleosubspecies "Cygnus olor bergmanni", which differed only in size from the living bird, is known from fossils found in Azerbaijan.
Fossils of swan ancestors more distantly allied to the Mute Swan have been found in four U.S. states: California, Arizona, Idaho and Oregon. The timeline runs from the Miocene to the late Pleistocene, or 10,000 BP. The latest find was in Anza Borrego Desert, a national park in California. Fossils from the Pleistocene include "Cygnus paloregonus" from Fossil Lake, Oregon, Froman's Ferry, Idaho, and Arizona, referred to by Howard in "The Waterfowl of the World" as "probably the mute type swan".
Description.
Adults of this large swan typically range from long, although can range in extreme cases from , with a wingspan. Males are larger than females and have a larger knob on their bill. On average, this is the second largest waterfowl species after the Trumpeter Swan, although male Mute Swans can easily match or even exceed a male Trumpeter in mass. Among standard measurements of the Mute Swan, the wing chord measures , the tarsus is and the bill is .
The Mute Swan is one of the heaviest flying birds, with males (known as "cobs") averaging about and the slightly smaller females (known as "pens") weighing about . While the top normal weight for a big cob is , one unusually big Polish cob weighed almost and this counts as the largest verified weight for a flying bird, although it has been questioned whether this heavyweight could still take flight.
Young birds, called cygnets, are not the bright white of mature adults, and their bill is dull greyish-black, not orange, for the first year. The down may range from pure white to grey to buff, with grey/buff the most common. The white cygnets have a leucistic gene. All Mute Swans are white at maturity, though the feathers (particularly on the head and neck) are often stained orange-brown by iron and tannins in the water.
The morph "immutabilis" ("Polish Swan") has pinkish (not dark grey) legs and dull white cygnets; as with white domestic geese, it is only found in populations with a history of domestication.
Behaviour.
Mute Swans nest on large mounds that they build with waterside vegetation in shallow water on islands in the middle or at the very edge of a lake. They are monogamous and often reuse the same nest each year, restoring or rebuilding it as needed. Male and female swans share the care of the nest, and once the cygnets are fledged it is not uncommon to see whole families looking for food.They feed on a wide range of vegetation, both submerged aquatic plants which they reach with their long necks, and by grazing on land. The food commonly includes agricultural crop plants such as oilseed rape and wheat, and feeding flocks in the winter may cause significant crop damage, often as much through trampling with their large webbed feet, as through direct consumption.
Unlike Black Swans, Mute Swans are usually strongly territorial with just a single pair on smaller lakes, though in a few locations where a large area of suitable feeding habitat is found they can be colonial. The largest colonies have over 100 pairs, such as at the colony at Abbotsbury Swannery in southern England, and at the southern tip of Öland Island, Ottenby Preserve, in the coastal waters of the Baltic Sea, and can have nests spaced as little as apart. Non-mated juveniles up to 3–4 years old also commonly form larger flocks, which can total several hundred birds, often at regular traditional sites. A notable flock of non-breeding birds is found on the River Tweed estuary at Berwick-upon-Tweed in northeastern England, with a maximum count of 787 birds. Once the adults are mated they seek out their own territories and often live close to ducks and gulls, which may take advantage of the swan's ability to reach deep water weeds, which tend to spread out on the water surface.
The Mute Swan is less vocal than the noisy Whooper and Bewick's Swans; the most familiar sound associated with Mute Swan is the vibrant throbbing of the wings in flight. This sound is unique to the species, and can be heard from a range of , indicating its value as a contact sound between birds in flight. They do however make a variety of grunting, hoarse whistling, and snorting noises, especially in communicating with their cygnets, and usually hiss at predators trying to enter their territory.
Although this bird can be tame, especially to those who feed it daily, it is aggressive in defence of its nest, and its impressive size make it a formidable adversary for animals as large as a coyote. Most defensive attacks from a Mute Swan begin with a loud hiss and, if this is not sufficient to drive off the predator, are followed by a physical attack. Swans attack by smashing at their enemy with bony spurs in the wings, accompanied by biting with their large bill. The wings of the swan are very powerful, anecdotally reported to exert enough force to break an adult man's leg. Large waterfowl, such as Canada Geese, (more likely out of competition than in response to potential predation) may also be aggressively driven off, and Mute Swans regularly attack people who enter their territory. The cob is also responsible for defending the cygnets while on the water, and will sometimes attack small watercraft, such as canoes, that it feels are a threat to its young. The cob will additionally try and chase the predator out of his family territory, and will keep animals such as foxes and raptors at bay. In New York (outside its native range), the most common predators of cygnets are common snapping turtles. Healthy adults are rarely predated, though canids such as coyotes, felids such as lynxes, and bears can pose a threat to infirm ones (healthy adults can usually swim away from danger unless defending nests) and there are a few cases of healthy adults falling prey to Golden Eagles.
The familiar pose with neck curved back and wings half raised, known as busking, is a threat display, mainly shown by males but also females to a small extent.
Distribution and habitat.
The Mute Swan is found naturally mainly in temperate areas of Europe across western Asia, as far east as the Russian Maritimes, near Sidemi.
It is partially migratory throughout northern latitudes in Europe and Asia, as far south as north Africa and the Mediterranean. It is known and recorded to have nested in Iceland and is a vagrant to that area, as well as to Bermuda, according to the U.N. Environmental Programme chart of international status chart of bird species, which places it in 70 countries, breeding in 49 countries, and vagrant in 16 countries. While most of the current population in Japan is introduced, Mute Swans are depicted on scrolls more than a thousand years old, and wild birds from the mainland Asian population still occur rarely in winter. Natural migrants to Japan usually occur along with Whooper and sometimes Bewick's Swans.
The Mute Swan is protected in most of its range, but this has not prevented illegal hunting and poaching. It is often kept in captivity outside its natural range, as a decoration for parks and ponds, and escapes have happened. The descendants of such birds have become naturalised in the eastern United States and Great Lakes, much as the Canada Goose has done in Europe.
World population.
Native populations.
The total native population of Mute Swans is about 500,000 birds at the end of the breeding season (adults plus young), of which 350,000 are in the former Soviet Union. The largest single breeding concentration is 11,000 pairs in the Volga Delta.
The population in the United Kingdom is about 22,000 birds, as of the 2006–2007 winter, a slight decline from the peak of about 26,000-27,000 birds in 1990. This includes about 5,300 breeding pairs, the remainder being immatures. Other significant populations in Europe include 6,800-8,300 breeding pairs in Germany, 4,500 pairs in Denmark, 4,000-4,200 pairs in Poland, 3,000-4,000 pairs in the Netherlands, about 2,500 pairs in Ireland, and 1,200-1,700 pairs in Ukraine.
For many centuries, Mute Swans in Britain were domesticated for food, with individuals being marked by nicks on their webs (feet) or beaks to indicate ownership. These marks were registered with the Crown and a Royal Swanherd was appointed. Any birds not so marked became Crown property, hence the swan becoming known as the "Royal Bird". It is quite possible that this domestication saved the swan from being hunted to extinction in Britain.
Populations in western Europe were largely exterminated by hunting pressure in the 13th–19th centuries, with the exception of semi-domesticated birds maintained as poultry by large landowners. Better protection in the late 19th and early 20th centuries allowed birds to return to most or all of their former range. More recently in the period from about 1960 up to the early 1980s, numbers declined significantly again in many areas, primarily due to lead poisoning from birds swallowing discarded fishing sinkers made from lead. After lead weights were replaced by other less toxic alternatives, Mute Swan numbers increased again rapidly.
Introduced populations.
Since being introduced into North America, the Mute Swan has increased greatly in number, to the extent that it is considered as an invasive species. Populations introduced into other areas remain are small, with around 200 in Japan, less than 200 in New Zealand and Australia, and about 120 in South Africa.
North America.
The Mute Swan was introduced to North America in the late 19th century. Recently, it has been widely viewed as an invasive species because of its rapidly increasing numbers and adverse effects on other waterfowl and native ecosystems. For example, a study of population sizes in the lower Great Lakes from 1971 to 2000 found that Mute Swan numbers were increasing at an average rate of at least 10% per year, doubling the population every seven to eight years. Several studies have concluded that Mute Swans severely reduce densities of submerged vegetation where they occur.
In 2003, the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service proposed to "minimize environmental damages attributed to Mute Swans" by reducing their numbers in the Atlantic Flyway to pre-1986 levels, a 67% reduction at the time. According to a report published in the "Federal Register" of 2003 the proposal was supported by all thirteen state wildlife agencies which submitted comments, as well as by 43 bird conservation, wildlife conservation and wildlife management organisations. Ten animal rights organisations and the vast majority of comments from individuals were opposed. At this time Mute Swans were protected under the Migratory Bird Treaty Act due to a court order, but in 2005 the United States Department of the Interior officially declared them a non-native, unprotected species. Mute Swans are protected in some areas of the U.S. by local laws, as for example in Connecticut.
The status of the Mute Swan as an introduced species in North America is disputed by the interest group "Save The Mute Swans". They assert that Mute Swans are native in the region and therefore deserving of protection. They claim that Mute Swans had origins from Russia and cite historical sightings and fossil records. These claims have been rejected as specious by the U.S. Department of the Interior.
New Zealand.
The Mute Swan had absolute protection in New Zealand under the Wildlife Act 1953 but this was changed in June 2010 to a lower level of protection. It still has protection, but is now allowed to be killed or held in captivity at the discretion of the Minister of Conservation.

</doc>
<doc id="19614318" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19614318" title="Zafiro">
Zafiro

Zafiro may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19614348" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19614348" title="Heartless (Kanye West song)">
Heartless (Kanye West song)

"Heartless" is a song by American hip hop artist Kanye West, released on November 4, 2008 digitally as the second single for his fourth studio album, "808s & Heartbreak". It debuted at the number four spot on the "Billboard" Hot 100 where it eventually peaked at number two and reached number-one on the "Billboard" Hot Rap Tracks and U.S. Hot 100 Airplay chart. The song came to be covered by numerous artists, most notably by Denver-based piano rock band The Fray, "American Idol season 8" winner Kris Allen, & singer-songwriter Dia Frampton (runner-up of season 1 of The Voice), with all three versions managing to enter charts in the absence of a physical single release. "Heartless" is one of the best selling singles of all time, selling 5.5 million digital copies in 2009.
Background.
On his album "808's & Heartbreaks" and in the song "Heartless" West used a very popular vocal pitch device called "auto-tune" made popular by singer/rapper T-Pain. The voice altering device created a unique sound helping Kanye West express his then feelings of his break up with fiancée Alexis Phifer months after the timeless passing of his mother.
The song was performed for the first time in Denver, Colorado. The song was also performed at a T.I. concert at Key Club in Los Angeles. Kanye made a special guest appearance and confirmed the song's future release as a single at that show. A snippet of the unmastered version of the song was leaked onto the Internet on October 12, 2008. This was followed by a full unmastered version of the song being posted on West's official blog on October 15. The song was released on iTunes on November 4, 2008. On November 8, 2008, Kanye posted a new mastered version of the song on his official blog. A free link to download the song was posted there as well.
Chart performance.
In the U.S. on the week of November 13, "Heartless" made a "Hot Shot Debut" at #4 on the Billboard Hot 100, selling 201,000 downloads in the United States alone and making it his second highest debut on the chart. The single fluctuated in and out of the top ten for two months before reaching a new peak at number three in mid-January, and rose to two in mid-February. In early March it also reached number four on the Pop 100 chart. It is West's second consecutive top five hit on the Hot 100, and his second consecutive song to debut in the top five there. This makes "808s & Heartbreak" the first West album to contain two Hot 100 top five hits. On Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs, it peaked at four. It debuted at number eleven on the Hot Rap Tracks and has managed to reach number-one in late January. As of September 2012, the song has sold over 4 million paid digital downloads in the United States, becoming West's second song to reach that mark, the first being "Stronger".
In Canada it also made a "Hot Shot Debut" at #8 on the Canadian Hot 100, also based on huge amount of downloads in the country. On 1 December 2008, the song debuted at #63 on the Australian ARIA Singles Chart. It reached #6 on the New Zealand RIANZ chart. On the UK Singles Chart, the song debuted at number #45 and reached #10 due to album download sales. The official digital release date for the single was 12 January 2009. On the Irish Singles Chart the song has peaked at #10.
Music video.
Directed by Hype Williams, the animated music video for "Heartless" pays tribute to Ralph Bakshi's 1981 film "American Pop". It features use of rotoscoped animation, in which actual people were filmed and visual effects studio Opticflavor drew over their every movement, and references various scenes and backgrounds from the film. The video portrays West wandering through a city alone at night, with scenes of various women shown throughout the video. The video also takes place in West's actual apartment den, where The Jetsons portraits are located. West stands by the Astro portrait in five scenes of the video. It was the first animated video directed by Williams.
Personnel.
Information taken from "808s & Heartbreak" liner notes.
The Fray version.
American rock band, The Fray performed a cover of "Heartless" for their "Live Lounge" performance on February 16, 2009. Following the premiere of their rendition on BBC Radio 1, it began to receive an unprecedented amount of radio airplay. The track was later included on their "" album released onto iTunes on April 7, 2009. In absence of a single release, the band's version of "Heartless" managed to enter the "Billboard" Hot 100 at number seventy-nine on May 21 based solely on downloads. The song has since became a staple at The Fray's live shows and sold over 125,000 downloads in the United States alone. Due to overwhelming public demand, it was released as a digital single in the UK on September 14, 2009. The song was also included in the deluxe edition of their sophomore self-titled album, which was released on November 10, 2009.
Music video.
A music video of The Fray's version of "Heartless" was released on September. The video showed a classroom full of elementary-level students with the video centering around one boy. He keeps glancing at a girl, as drawings appear on a piece of notebook paper in front of him. The band members as well as Kanye West are seen as simple drawn figures performing on the paper. Eventually, the artwork expands out to the classroom, forming a design around the girl. The video implies that the girl was the 'heartless' one who hurt the boy.
Kris Allen version.
An acoustic interpretation of the song was performed by "American Idol season 8" winner Kris Allen as his personal pick for the Top 3 night of the show's eighth season. His performance was praised all across the judge's panel and by other critics, who called it "inventive". Randy Jackson stated that he preferred it to West's original and The Fray's cover version while Simon Cowell said, "I had written you out of the competition but that has changed after that performance." A studio version of the cover was temporarily made available on iTunes the following week. The performance helped him move on to the finals and win. His version of the song debuted at #16 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 chart in May 2009. Allen has also performed the song during the American Idols LIVE! Tour 2009 with a more alternative rock-oriented sound. Allen re-recorded the song for his self-titled debut album. Allen also released the album version of the song as his second single in New Zealand. During tour, Allen also did a mash up of this song and Gangsta's Paradise by Coolio.

</doc>
<doc id="19614400" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19614400" title="Ijichi Kōsuke">
Ijichi Kōsuke

Baron was a general in the Imperial Japanese Army in the First Sino-Japanese War and Chief of Staff of the Japanese Third Army during the Siege of Port Arthur in the Russo-Japanese War. His wife was the niece of Marshal Oyama Iwao.
Biography.
Ijichi was born to a samurai family in Kagoshima, Satsuma Domain (present-day Kagoshima prefecture). He was a graduate of the 2nd class of the Imperial Japanese Army Academy. After serving in the Imperial Guard, he was sent in 1880 to France for four years of training at the École spéciale militaire de Saint-Cyr, and from there to Germany. He was recalled before the start of the First Sino-Japanese War to serve on the planning department of the Imperial General Headquarters. After the war, he was sent as a military attaché to Great Britain from 1898-1900. 
Promoted to major general in 1900, he held numerous staff positions within the Imperial Japanese Army General Staff pertaining to field artillery. He was also briefly assigned to the staff of the Japanese embassy in Seoul, Korea in 1903. With the start of the Russo-Japanese War, he was assigned as Chief of staff to General Nogi Maresuke’s Third Army, in charge of the operation against the Imperial Russian stronghold of Port Arthur during the Siege of Port Arthur. There were several reasons for his choice: Ijichi had wide experience with foreign tactics from his years overseas, spoke several languages fluently and could interface with foreign military observers. He was also a specialist in artillery. And furthermore, his Satsuma background provided for a balance to Nogi’s Chōshū origins, which was thought necessary in an army still divided by regional loyalties. However, Ijichi clashed with Nogi on several occasions during the Port Arthur campaign over the extremely high rate of casualties the Japanese forces were taking, and the long months without appreciable progress against the heavily fortified Russian positions. The Japanese command blamed Ijichi, rather than Nogi, for incompetence, and for continuing to order ineffective human wave attacks against Russian positions. Marshall Yamagata Aritomo, on the General Staff of the Manchurian Army pushed strongly to have Ijichi replaced by General Kodama Gentarō. Due to these issues, Nogi replaced him as chief of staff after the fall of Port Arthur, and refused him a position in the 3rd Army at the Battle of Mukden, reassigning him back to the Japanese home islands to assume command of the coastal artillery at Tokyo Bay. 
After the war, Ijichi was promoted to lieutenant general and given the rank of "danshaku" (baron) in the "kazoku" peerage in 1907. He attempted to resign, citing health reasons; however, he was persuaded to stay on as commander of the IJA 11th Division until 1908. He retired in 1913.

</doc>
<doc id="19614411" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19614411" title="José Luis Rodríguez Zapatero">
José Luis Rodríguez Zapatero

José Luis Rodríguez Zapatero (; born 4 August 1960) is a member of the Spanish Socialist Workers' Party (PSOE). He was elected for two terms as Prime Minister of Spain, in the 2004 and 2008 general elections. On 2 April 2011 he announced he would not stand for re-election in the 2011 general election. He left office on 21 December 2011.
Among the main actions taken by the Zapatero administration were the withdrawal of Spanish troops from the Iraq war, which allegedly resulted in long-term diplomatic tensions with the George W. Bush administration; the increase of Spanish troops in Afghanistan; the idea of an Alliance of Civilizations, co-sponsored by Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdoğan; the legalisation of same-sex marriage; reform of abortion law; a controversial attempt at peace negotiation with ETA; the increase of tobacco restrictions; and the reform of various autonomous statutes, particularly the Statute of Catalonia.
Personal life.
Family background.
José Luis Rodríguez Zapatero was born in Valladolid, Castilla y León, to Juan Rodríguez y García-Lozano (born 1928), a lawyer, and María de la Purificación Zapatero y Valero (Valladolid, 1927 – Madrid, 30 October 2000). He grew up in León, where his family originated.
His paternal grandfather, Juan Rodríguez y Lozano (28 July 1893 – Puente Castro, León, 18 August 1936), was a Republican captain, executed by Francisco Franco's National army a month into the Spanish Civil War, for refusing to fight with them. He was betrayed and his whereabouts were revealed by fascists in Valladolid, before Rodriguez Zapatero was born. On the other hand, his maternal grandfather supported the coup d'état of Franco.
His maternal grandfather, Faustino Zapatero y Coronel, was a paediatrician and middle class liberal who died in 1978. His maternal grandmother María de la Natividad Valero y Asensio (Zamora, 9 December 1902 – Valladolid, 28 June 2006) was a right-wing conservative and died at age 103. Zapatero was born in Valladolid not only because of his mother's attachment to her family, who lived there, but also because of the medical profession of her father.
Zapatero has said that, as a youngster, "as I remember it, I used to participate in late night conversations with my father and brother about politics, law or literature". However, he did not get on very well with his father at times. Sources say that his father refused to let him work or take any part in his law firm, and this scarred him for life. He says that his family taught him to be tolerant, thoughtful, prudent and austere.
The memory of Republican Captain Rodríguez y Lozano was also kept alive by his last will, handwritten 24 hours before facing the firing squad, and which can be considered a final declaration of principles. The will comprised six parts, the first three bestowing his possessions on his heirs; the fourth, in which he asked for a civil burial and, the fifth, in which he requested his family to forgive those who had tried and executed him and proclaiming his belief in the Supreme Being. In the sixth, Zapatero's grandfather asked his family to clear his name in the future as his creed consisted only in his "love for peace, for good and for improving the living conditions of the lower classes".
Zapatero is a supporter of FC Barcelona.
Studies and teaching.
He studied Law at the University of León, graduating in 1982. His performance as a student was above average before his pre-University year. According to his brother Juan: "He didn't study much but it made no difference, he continued successfully".
After graduating, Zapatero worked as a teaching assistant in constitutional law at the University of León until 1986 (he continued working some hours a week without pay until 1991). It was subsequently found that he had been appointed by his department without the usual selection process involving interviews and competitive examinations, which if true, constitutes a case of political favouritism. He has declared that the only activity that attracts him besides politics is teaching or, at most, academic research.
Rodríguez Zapatero met Sonsoles Espinosa in León in 1981. They married on 27 January 1990 and have two daughters named Laura (b. 1993) and Alba (b. 1995).
Having received successive deferments because of his conditions as a university student and a teaching assistant, Zapatero did not do the compulsory military service. As an MP he was finally exempted.
Zapatero enters politics.
Zapatero attended his first political rally, organized by the Spanish Socialist Workers' Party (PSOE) in Gijón in 1976. Some political parties had been legal since 21 July 1976, but the PSOE was not legalized until February 1977. The speech of Felipe González, the PSOE leader and future Prime Minister of Spain, who took part in the rally, exerted an important influence on Zapatero. He said, among other things, that "the Socialists' goal was the seizure of power by the working class to transform the ownership of the means of production" and that "the PSOE was a revolutionary party but not "revolutionarist" or "aventurist" [...], as it defended the use of elections to come to power".
Zapatero and his family had been traditionally attracted to the Communist Party as it was the only party really organized before Francisco Franco's death in 1975. But, after the famous political rally in Gijón, they, and especially Zapatero, started to believe that the Socialist Party was the most probable future for the Spanish left. At that time the Socialist Party was rebuilding its infrastructure in the province of León after having been outlawed following the Spanish Civil War.
In 1977, the year of the first democratic elections after Franco's death, Zapatero supported both the Communist and Socialist parties. He pasted posters of both parties.
He eventually joined the PSOE on 23 February 1979. The impression Felipe González had caused on him in 1976 played a fundamental role in his decision to join the party. In 1979, during the Congreso Extraordinario del PSOE (1979), the PSOE had renounced Marxism as its ideological base. He said nothing about joining the party at home, because he was afraid his parents would discourage him, considering him too young to join a political party.
In 1982, Zapatero became head of the socialist youth organization in the province of León. In July 1982, he met Felipe González at the summer school "Jaime Vera" and suggested that he make a "left turn" in the PSOE political program for the General Election of October 1982. González answered advising him to abandon his conservative viewpoint.
In 1986, he was elected to represent the province of León in the Cortes (Parliament), becoming its youngest member after the election held on 20 June. He was number two on the PSOE list for León. In the following elections (those held in 1989, 1993, 1996 and 2000) he was number one on the list. In the elections of 2004 he ran for Madrid as number one.
Zapatero defined himself as a "left-wing conservative" at the time. He explained that he meant that, for sentimental reasons linked to his family, he came from the left that lost the Spanish Civil War and that what had happened between 1936–1939 (the duration of the war) and 1939–1975 (Franco's regime) had a very important significance for him. He further explained that the Spanish left needed to modernize and that "we are finding it difficult to accept the need for the Socialist Party to change many of its ideological parameters and overcome our own conservatism".
In 1988 he became Secretary General in León after a complex internal fight for power that ended a long period of division. In fact, before the provincial conference held that year, Ramón Rubial, then national president of the PSOE, had asked the party in León to foster unity. Zapatero was elected as Secretary General at that conference, leading to a period of stability.
In the 1980s and 1990s, the PSOE consisted of two factions: the "Guerristas" (supporters of Alfonso Guerra, former vice-president under Felipe González) and the reformers (led by Felipe González). The first group had a stronger left-wing ideology whereas the second was more pragmatic. The division became wider after the General Election of 1993, the last election won by the PSOE before José María Aznar's victory in 1996, when the bad results exacerbated the internal conflicts. Zapatero never formally joined either of those two groups.
In 1993, the Socialist Federation of León (FSL – Federación Socialista de León) suffered an important scandal. Some towns experienced unusually sharp increases in PSOE membership in a very short period of time. When some of the supposed new members were questioned by the press, they stated that they were unaware of their membership and that they did not live in the places where they were being registered by the party. It seems that some opponents of Zapatero in León, perhaps with the support of powerful "Guerristas" at the top of the Spanish Socialist Party wanted to increase their influence within it by increasing the number of members in the towns of León favorable to them. Their main aim would have been to take control of the Regional Socialist Section of Castilla y León in the conference to be held in 1994. Zapatero's support for the then Regional Secretary General, Jesús Quijano transformed him into the enemy of the "Guerristas" in the region as the FSL is the most important Provincial Section.
In May 1994 two papers, "El País" and "Diario de León", published several articles that suggested irregularities in his appointment as a teaching assistant by the University of León and in his keeping the job until 1991. The suspicions of political favoritism were due to his having been directly appointed without a prior selection process open to other candidates. On 20 May 1994, he held a press conference where he rejected these accusations. Zapatero attributed to "ignorance" or "bad faith" the content of the articles and linked them to the internal fight for the job of Secretary General of the Regional Chapter.
In 1994, three regional conferences were held: two to elect the representatives of the party in León for the Regional and National Conferences to take place that year, and the 7th Provincial conference where the Secretary General was going to be elected.
Before they began, an agreement between the parties involved was drawn up. The new members who did not confirm they had joined the party voluntarily and who did not live in the areas where they were registered would be expelled from the party. Initially 775, and finally 577, new memberships were canceled out of 1160 suspicious memberships.
When the three conferences were held, the tension was very high and, sometimes it was even necessary to call the police. All of them were finally won by Zapatero or his supporters.
The National Conference (held after most of the representatives elected in the first León Conference were Zapatero's supporters) was won by the "reformers", at that time strongly opposed to the "Guerristas". That was positive for Zapatero as the list of bogus party members was revised again. Their number grew from 577 to almost 900.
Zapatero was finally reelected secretary general with 68% of the ballots in the 7th Regional Conference held in July 1994, following the removal of the false memberships.
In 1995, new regional and local elections were held. The results were bad for the PSOE in León as they lost four seats in the mayoralty of León and two seats in the regional parliament of Castilla-León. The results were influenced by the bad economic situation and the cases of corruption assailing the party. Zapatero had personally directed the electoral campaign.
In 1996, after the General Election, Zapatero kept his seat at the Congress of Deputies. The following year, Zapatero was again elected Secretary General of León and after the national conference held by the party that year he entered the National Executive (the party's governing body).
The Association of Parliamentary Journalists awarded to Zapatero the "Diputado Revelación" prize (something like "Most promising MP of the year") in December 1999 for his activities as a member of the Congress of Deputies. From 1996 until 2000, his most conspicuous contributions as an MP were his vigorous opposition to the electrical protocol proposed by the government (initially negative for the important coal sector of León), being the PSOE spokesman in the Commission of Public Administration and probably his most important success as an MP: the passing of an amendment to the national budget of 2000 in November 1999 that increased the pensions of the non-professional soldiers who fought for the Republic during the Spanish Civil War of 1936–1939. They were made equal to those of the professional military. The initiative was defended by him in the name of the Parliamentary Socialist Group, proponent of the amendment.
Appointment as Secretary General of the Socialist Party.
On 12 March 2000, the PSOE had lost its second successive election to José María Aznar's People's Party. Zapatero held his seat, but the Socialist Party obtained only 125 seats, 16 fewer than in 1996. The defeat was especially bitter as the People's Party unexpectedly obtained an absolute majority for the first time and the socialist result was worse than in the previous election. Almunia announced his resignation on the very day the General Election took place.
Zapatero decided to run for the leadership of the Socialist Party in its 35th Conference to be held in June that year. Together with other socialist members, he founded a new faction within the party called "Nueva Vía" (New Way) in April 2000, to serve him as a platform to become Secretary General. The name of "Nueva Vía" is a mix of Tony Blair's "Third Way" ("tercera vía" in Spanish) and Gerhard Schröder's "Neue Mitte" ("new center" or "nuevo centro" in Spanish).
On 25 June 2000 Zapatero officially announced his intention to run for the federal Secretaryship General at an Extraordinary Conference of the Socialist Party of León. In his speech, he stated what can be considered his declaration of principles:
Pasqual Maragall was the only regional leader of the Socialist Party who officially supported him before the Conference was held. José Borrell also decided to support him.
Zapatero ran against three other opponents (José Bono, Rosa Díez and Matilde Fernández). Matilde Fernández was the candidate of the "guerristas" while José Bono was the candidate of the "reformers". Rosa Díez is a Basque politician who was a kind of intermediate option.
Zapatero was a "dark horse" who had against him his inexperience and in favour his image of reform and being the only MP among the candidates. (All the Spanish opposition leaders had been MPs before winning the elections. A very important factor in Spanish politics where electoral campaigns last for only 15 days and to be widely known long before they begin is essential.) Bono was deeply disliked by the "guerristas", who also favoured Zapatero.
Zapatero finally won by a relatively small margin (he obtained 414 votes out of 995 and José Bono obtained 405) on 22 July 2000. The margin was relatively small because Bono had no likelihood of winning since the supporters of the other two candidates preferred Zapatero as their second choice. Zapatero accepted the cancellation of a run-off between himself and Bono because he was sure of his victory after only one ballot and he apparently did not want to humiliate his adversary.
After being elected Secretary General, he was congratulated by Lionel Jospin (then the Prime Minister of France), Gerhard Schröder (Chancellor of Germany) and José María Aznar.
He moved to Madrid with his family that year. As a Congressman he had lived from Monday to Thursday in Madrid and the rest of the time in León.
Opposition leader.
This was the period when Zapatero was appointed as Secretary General of the PSOE in 2000 until he became Prime Minister of Spain on 14 March 2004.
Style of opposition.
Zapatero has always claimed to base his political activity on his love of dialogue. When he was an opposition leader, he liked to contrast his behaviour with the "arrogant", "authoritarian" approach of the People's Party and, especially, that of its leader José María Aznar.
As a result, after being appointed Secretary General, he coined the term "Calm Opposition" ("") to refer to his opposition strategy. The "Calm Opposition" was supposedly based on an "open to dialogue", "soft", "constructive" attitude ("talante constructivo", coined as "talante") aimed not at damaging the government but at achieving the "best" for the people. (Zapatero has insisted on this point so many times that the term "talante" has become very popular in Spain.) Because of this supposed tactic, Zapatero received nicknames like "Bambi" or "Sosoman" (where "Soso"—meaning dull, insipid, bore—replaces "Super" in "Superman"), especially in the first months after being appointed General Secretary.
During Zapatero's years as an opposition leader (and later as Prime Minister), the tension between left-wing and right-wing supporters increased and, according to some opinions, a real radicalization of the society took (and is taking) place . Zapatero's supporters blame his opponents for that and the People's Party blames him stating facts such as the increase in the acts of violence committed against them, especially in the months before and during the war in Iraq. As a result, a new term has become popular: "guerracivilismo" (made up of a combination of the Spanish for Civil War and the -ismo suffix, equivalent to the English -ism), which would refer to the growing enmity of right and left-wing factions.
2000 and 2001.
Zapatero's criticisms of the government were very active from the beginning, blaming the government for its inability to control the rise in the price of fossil fuel and asking for a reduction in the corresponding taxes.
In 2000, the British nuclear submarine "HMS Tireless" arrived at Gibraltar harbour to have its nuclear reactor repaired. Aznar affirmed that there was no risk for the population but Zapatero criticized him for his inability to force the British government to take the submarine to another harbour. After almost one year, the "Tireless" was repaired and left Gibraltar without having caused any known problems.
Another point of friction came from the scheme to transfer water from the River Ebro to other areas, especially the irrigated areas in the South East of Spain, one of the richest agricultural regions in the world. The scheme had received support from, among others, 80% of the affected farmers and the Socialist regional governments of regions such as Extremadura, Andalusia or Castilla-La Mancha. Some Socialist politicians also supported it when they were members of the former Socialist government back in the 90s (e.g. José Borrell, the current leader of the European Spanish Socialist Group and former president of the European Parliament. The scheme was mainly opposed by Zapatero, environmentalist groups, the Socialist regional government of Aragon and some of the citizens of the areas from which water was to be transferred. The main criticisms of the scheme were the supposed damage to the environment and an argued real lack of sufficient water for all of the affected parties (the proponents of the scheme answered back that there was no risk of a serious environmental damage and that in 2003, 14 times more water reached the sea than what was needed annually). The scheme, finally approved by the Government, was canceled by Zapatero soon after becoming Prime Minister.
Zapatero was the main proponent of the "Pacto de las Libertades contra el Terrorismo" ("Anti Terrorist Freedom pact) which was signed on 8 December 2000. At first, this pact was disliked and rejected but later was considered a cornerstone of the strategy against Basque terrorism in Spain not only by the Socialist Party but by the People's Party (currently, it is considered broken by the People's Party).
At the end of the year, the Mad Cow disease came back into the spotlight after its outbreak in 1996. Zapatero repeatedly criticized the Government's management of the crisis arguing that it was out of control. As of March 2005, the disease had caused dozens of deaths all over Europe, though none in Spain.
In 2001 one of the biggest points of friction between the government and the opposition were the proposed reforms affecting the education system. The People's Party first introduced the so-called LOU, a law to change the university system, and later the LOCE ("Organic Act for Education Quality"), which affected secondary education. Zapatero strongly opposed both. The People's Party used its absolute majority in the Cortes to pass its reforms.
A regional election was held in the Basque Country on 13 May 2001. The socialists received 17.8% of the vote (against 17.6% in the previous 1998 elections) but lost one seat. Both, the Socialist Party and the People's Party had formed an alliance against the then ruling nationalist Basque political movements but the latter won again. The results were considered a failure. Nicolás Redondo Terreros, the Basque Socialist leader during the election who was strongly opposed to Basque nationalism and to ETA, resigned after some internal clashes, resigning his seat in the Basque parliament and in the Federal Executive. He was replaced by Patxi López, elected on 24 March 2002. López had actively supported Zapatero during his campaign to become Secretary General. p. 257
On 21 October 2001 a new regional election took place, this time in Galicia. The People's Party, led in Galicia by Manuel Fraga Iribarne, obtained a new absolute majority. The Socialist party increased its number of seats from 15 to 17, but, after several years of opposition the results were also considered bad. These two negative results seemed to confirm that Zapatero's approach was not working.
On 19 December 2001 Zapatero travelled to Morocco, after the Moroccan government expelled the Spanish ambassador sine die. Javier Arenas, then secretary general of the People's Party, accused him of not being loyal to Spanish interests. Zapatero denied it and claimed that one of his purposes was to help solve the crisis.
From 2002 to 2003.
In 2002, Zapatero was chosen as the Socialist candidate for the next general election.
In 2002, the People's Party Government decided to reform the system of unemployment benefits, as it thought that there were too many workers who being able to find a job preferred to continue receiving public money. This led to a redefinition of those who were eligible for unemployment benefits. Left-wing parties and trade unions considered that redefinition an unacceptable reduction of rights. Zapatero became the political leader of the opposition against the reform (dubbed the "Decretazo", because it was passed using a decree-law), which served him as his first important clash with Aznar's government.
A General Strike was announced for 20 June 2002 (the first since Aznar won the election in 1996). Although, according to official data (including the electrical power consumption and the number of working days calculated by the Social Security), the turnout was lower than 15%, the lowest since the restoration of democracy, neither the unions nor Zapatero believed the data and considered the strike a resounding success, with more than "10 million" workers having followed the strike. Whatever the result, both the People's Party government and the trade unions signed an agreement that satisfied both parties in November.
In May 2002, Felipe González declared in reference to the change in the Socialist Party that "My state of mind tells me that a change has taken place, that perhaps a second Suresnes has happened, but it has yet to be proved that a new project with content and ideas really exists", thus doubting Zapatero's leadership. That declaration was expressed in a public event also attended by Zapatero, who calmly expressed his disagreement. González ended his intervention by remembering that his candidate for Secretary General was José Bono, not Zapatero. González backtracked the next day, declaring that either his words had been incorrectly construed or he had expressed his ideas erroneously. José Bono himself confirmed his total support for Zapatero. The incident seemed to confirm that Zapatero's strategy was not working.
On 22 October 2002 Zapatero spoke in the name of the Socialist Party during the debate about the National Budget. Initially, Jordi Sevilla was to have been the Socialist spokesman but, at the last moment, he was replaced in a surprise move. When Jordi Sevilla, after being called by the speaker, had already descended to the floor of the Congress of Deputies, Zapatero said to him "let me do it" and climbed to the orator platform. José María Aznar and other members of the People's Party had previously criticized him for not representing his party in the debate, suggesting a lack of the necessary political skills. Although the People's Party considered his action too theatrical, it seems it had quite a positive effect on his supporters.
In November 2002, the oil tanker "Prestige" suffered an accident in international waters off the coast of Galicia causing a grave oil slick which mainly affected Galicia, but also, to a lesser degree all the northern coast of Spain, and even the coast of France. The "Prestige" finally split and sank.
Zapatero blamed the Government's handling of the events during and after the accident.
The main point of friction between Aznar and Zapatero, however, was the war in Iraq. Opinion polls showed that a clear majority of Spanish voters (around 90%) were against the U.S.-led attack against Saddam Hussein's regime. Among them, Zapatero who considered any action against Saddam's regime to be illegal and was opposed to the very concept of preemptive war.
On 26 May 2003 a Yakovlev Yak-42 plane carrying Spanish soldiers home from Afghanistan crashed in Turkey. The plane had been hired by an agency of NATO. Zapatero blamed Aznar and his government for neglecting aspects like the plane insurance or safety. Further, Aznar had rejected calls for a full inquiry into the crash. After the 2004 March elections it was proven that there had been serious irregularities in the identification of the corpses resulting in a high number of mistakes.
Concerning the European Constitution, Zapatero criticized the People's Party Government for fighting to preserve the distribution of power agreed by the 2001 Treaty of Nice in the new Constitution. Zapatero thought that Spain should accept a lesser share of power.
2003 local elections.
On 25 May 2003, the first local and regional elections since Zapatero's appointment as leader of the Socialist party were held. The Socialist Party received a larger popular vote (which prompted Zapatero to claim his party had been the winner) but the People's Party obtained more posts in councils and regional governments. In general, there were not many changes in the results compared to those of the previous Elections held in 1999. The Socialists lost the Balearic Islands but got enough votes in Madrid to govern through a coalition with the communists of the United Left. The "victory" was welcomed by Zapatero, as the winner in Madrid had always won the next general election. However, an unexpected scandal, the so-called Madrid Assembly Scandal, negatively affected the socialist expectations of a victory in 2004.
After the Madrid election, the People's Party lacked two seats to obtain an absolute majority. This seemed to allow an alliance of Socialists and the United Left to seize power. But an unexpected event happened. Eduardo Tamayo and María Teresa Sáez, two Socialist Assembly Members (AMs) angry at the distribution of power in the future regional government between the United Left and the Socialist Party, started a crisis that led to a re-run of the Election in Madrid in October 2003 with the subsequent victory of the People's Party.
Zapatero did not accept the account of the Socialist AMs and tried to explain it as a conspiratorial plot caused by speculative interests of the house building industry that would have bribed the AMs to prevent a left-wing government. The People's Party, on the other hand, defended the theory that the anger of the two Socialist AMs was caused by Zapatero's broken promise about the referred distribution of power within the Madrid section of the Socialist Party. That promise would have been made some months before the crisis in exchange of support for one of his more immediate collaborators (Trinidad Jiménez), who wanted to become the Socialist candidate for mayor of Madrid (the Spanish capital).
It was known that Eduardo Tamayo had played an active role in Zapatero's appointment as Secretary General of the party (See Zapatero's years as an opposition leader#Appointment as Secretary General), together with José Luis Balbás, the leader of the internal faction to which Eduardo Tamayo belonged, who was also expelled from the party because of the scandal.
Zapatero's team had entered into contact with José Luis Balbás through Enrique Martínez and Jesús Caldera (then Minister of Labor), who already knew him. In April 2000, Zapatero, Caldera and José Blanco had had lunch with Eduardo Tamayo in a restaurant in Madrid. Tamayo would later become a representative of Zapatero in the 35th party national conference. At the end of the month "Renovadores de la Base" (the faction of Tamayo and Balbás) decided to support Zapatero and the later agreed to be part of Zapatero's team. He played an important role during Zapatero's promotion. For example, Balbás together with José Blanco controlled the list of delegates. It was a fundamental job, as the different tasks of promotion needed that list, at least, to contact the delegates for the conference.
This was used by Zapatero's rivals to introduce doubts over Zapatero's leadership of the Socialist Party and over his honesty.
During the Debate over the State of the Nation, an annual debate that takes place in the Spanish Congress of Deputies, Zapatero was harshly criticised by José María Aznar on account of the scandal. For the first time, the opinion polls showed that most Spaniards believed that the then Spanish Prime Minister had been the winner (Zapatero had always been considered the winner since his first debate in 2001).
The scandal was especially damaging for the Socialists because they had to overcome their reputation of being a corrupt party to again become the government of Spain. The two AMs' rebellion seemed to prove they were unable to solve their old problems.
Later, in October, a regional election took place in Catalonia, whose results were worse than expected for the Socialist Party. As most of the Autonomous communities of Spain hold the elections to their assemblies the same day, with the exception of Andalusia, Catalonia, Galicia and the Basque Country, coinciding with the municipal elections all over Spain, the results are hugely significant.
On 16 November 2003, the regional election for the Assembly of Catalonia was held. Two days before, Zapatero had predicted a historic victory for the Socialists' Party of Catalonia and the beginning of the People's Party defeat. The Socialist Party won the election in popular vote but CiU obtained more MPs due to the electoral law. The final results were 46 seats for Convergence and Union (CiU) (ten fewer than in 1999, the year of the previous election), 42 for the Socialist Party (ten fewer), 15 for the People's Party (three more), 9 for Iniciativa per Catalunya-Verds and 23 (nine more) for the Republican Left of Catalonia. Zapatero attributed the bad results to the consequences of the crisis of Madrid. However, Maragall became the President of the Regional Government after a Pact with Republican Left of Catalonia and Iniciativa per Catalunya-Verds.
That alliance resulted in another setback for the Socialist Party when the Spanish newspaper "ABC" published an article stating that Josep-Lluís Carod-Rovira, leader of Republican Left of Catalonia, had met some ETA members secretly in January 2004. According to "ABC", Carod-Rovira had promised to provide ETA with political support if the group did not act in Catalonia, which seemed to have been confirmed by the ETA announcement of a truce affecting only that region some months later, before the general election of 2004. Carod-Rovira resigned as vice president of the Catalan government, but continued to be the leader of his party. The scandal damaged Zapatero's image, as ETA and political violence are controversial issues in Spain and Carod-Rovira's party was seen as a possible ally if Zapatero won the election.
At end of 2003 and the beginning of 2004 the Spanish political parties started to prepare themselves for the general election of 2004. All of the opinion polls elaborated at the time foreseen a defeat for Zapatero, as they always predicted a new victory for the People's Party.
The 2004 general election.
Election campaign.
The campaign for the General Election started a fortnight before 14 March 2004. Polls favoured the People's Party, with some polls predicting a possible repeat of their absolute majority.
Previously, on 8 January 2004, Zapatero had created a Committee of Notables composed of 10 highly qualified experts with considerable political weight. Its mission was to help him to become prime minister. Among its members: José Bono (his ex-rival for the Secretaryship of the party and later appointed Minister of Defence), Juan Carlos Rodríguez Ibarra (president of the regional government of Extremadura and one of the most important socialist leaders), Miguel Ángel Moratinos (his minister of foreign affairs 2004–2010), Gregorio Peces-Barba (later appointed by him High Commissioner for the Victims of Terrorism, although he has already made public his resignation), Carmen Calvo (later appointed minister of culture), etc.
Ten days later, on 18 January 2004, Zapatero announced that he would only become prime minister if the Spanish Socialist Workers Party received a plurality, renouncing possible parliamentary alliances in advance if that situation did not happen after the election. Minority parties (especially United Left, a communist party) criticized the decision, for they considered it an attempt to attract their own voters, who would rather ensure a defeat of the People's Party even at the expense of voting for an unfavorable party.
Zapatero's slogan became "we deserve a better Spain", which was coupled with "Zapatero Presidente", or "(ZP)", which became a popular nickname of the then Spanish Prime Minister.
Campaign promises.
During the campaign, Zapatero harshly criticized the People's Party for its management of the "Prestige" crisis, its attitude towards the invasion of Iraq and the high cost of housing. Mariano Rajoy, the new leader of the People's Party after Aznar's voluntary retirement, on his part, attacked Zapatero's foreseeable future alliances with parties like United Left or Republican Left of Catalonia (a pro-Independence Catalan party).
One of the most important points of friction was the absence of televised debates between the candidates. Zapatero was the first to propose a debate to Mariano Rajoy. Rajoy accepted on the condition that Zapatero could not be alone but accompanied at least by two of his potential allies after the election: Gaspar Llamazares (the leader of United Left) and Josep-Lluís Carod-Rovira (leader of Republican Left of Catalonia). Rajoy justified his decision on the grounds that, in his opinion, he was not running against the Socialist Party but against a "coalition" of forces opposed to the People's Party's policies. Zapatero never formally responded to this proposal and throughout the campaign he continued criticizing what he always defined as Rajoy's reluctance to defend his political program face-to-face. (Zapatero has promised to change electoral law to make televised debates compulsory.)
Madrid bombings.
On 11 March 2004 the most deadly peacetime attacks in Spanish history took place. Several commuter trains were bombed, causing 191 deaths and outrage all over Spain. The attacks took place three days before the General Election and all electoral activities were suspended. The common sorrow, instead of promoting unity among Spaniards, increased the already bitter tone of the campaign.
The People's Party government and Zapatero (who accused ETA in a radio statement broadcast at 8:50 am), initially claimed the attacks to be the work of ETA, an armed Basque nationalist separatist organization. Later, after an audiotape in Arabic was found in a van near a railway station where the perpetrators boarded one of the trains, Aznar declared that all of the possibilities were being investigated. The government was accused of manipulating information about who was responsible for the attacks to avoid the consequences of public anger at a bombing motivated by its foreign policy – Aznar personally phoned the editors of the four national daily newspapers to tell them that ETA were responsible, whilst Minister of the Interior Ángel Acebes attacked those who believed that responsibility lay elsewhere, despite not offering any evidence for ETA's culpability, and the state broadcaster TVE initially failed to report the protest outside the Popular Party's headquarters which ran through the night before the day of the election.
Zapatero himself has repeatedly accused the Popular Party of lying about those who were responsible for the attacks. On the other hand, the book "11-M. La venganza" by Casimiro Abadillo, a Spanish journalist who works for the newspaper "El Mundo", claims that, before the General Election, Zapatero had told that newspaper's director, Pedro J. Ramirez, that two suicide bombers had been found among the victims (although the specialists that examined the bodies said they found no such evidence). When he was asked in December 2004 about the issue by the Parliamentary Investigative Committee created to find the truth about the attacks, he declared that he did not remember what he had said.
Election day.
The campaign had ended abruptly two days before it was expected to convene as a result of the bombings. The day before the elections – in this case 13 March 2004 – is considered to be a "Day of Reflection" under Spanish electoral law, with candidates and their parties legally barred from political campaigning. Despite this prohibition, numerous demonstrations took place against the government of José María Aznar in front of the premises of the People's Party all over Spain. There were some claims that most of these demonstrations were instigated or orchestrated by the Socialist Party, through the use of SMS text messaging from mobile phones belonging to the Socialist Party. The Socialist Party publicly denied these accusations.
As the demonstrations escalated, Mariano Rajoy himself appeared on national TV to denounce the illegal demonstrations. In reply, both José Blanco and Alfredo Pérez Rubalcaba broke the silence from the Socialist Party's side, in separate appearances. In the end both sides accused each other of breaking the electoral law on reflection day.
In this climate of social unrest and post-attack shock, the elections were held on 14 March 2004. Zapatero's Socialist Party won the elections, with 164 seats in the Cortes, while the People's Party obtained 148. It seems likely that the election result was influenced to a greater or lesser extent by the Spanish public's response to the attacks and the informative coverage by the different media and political parties. He took office on 17 April.
Influence of the attacks on the election outcome.
An important point of controversy is if the purpose of the Madrid attacks were to force a Socialist victory; at issue as well was that, if that was the case, whether they succeeded in altering the final result. This has been called the "4 March theory" (that is, if the election had been scheduled for 7 March, the attacks would have taken place on 4 March) by Aznar, among others. No definitive data exists in favour of that possibility but some facts have been used to support it. Thus, the first question Jamal Zougam (one of the first arrested suspects) made when he arrived at the Courthouse on 15 March 2004 was: 'Who won the election?'.
How the bombing influenced the results is widely debated. The three schools of thought are:
At least some of these controversies put a blemish on Zapatero's victory, as the shadow of what had happened the three previous days did not allow the Socialist Party to fully enjoy its triumph.
The electoral result was considered by some foreign media, especially in the US, an example of weakness that would encourage further terrorist attacks, as Zapatero had opposed George W. Bush's policy in the Middle East and had promised to withdraw the Spanish troops from Iraq.
The theory that the bombing affected the result is a counterfactual that cannot be verified. As elections in European states hinge on social and economic policies mainly, it is equally possible the terrorist events had no notable effect. In this regard, a majority of 74% of the Spanish people were against Spanish involvement in the war.
On 13 June 2004 (three months after the General Election) the Election for the European Parliament took place. The Socialist Party tied with 25 seats vs 25 for the People's Party (out of 54), but narrowly won in popular vote. Although José Borrell was the official candidate, Zapatero played an important role in that campaign (as is usual in Spain).
Premiership.
His style's defining word is "(buen) talante", roughly "pleasantness", "niceness" or "good disposition", which is in brisk and carefully chosen contrast with the more confrontational and brusque premiership style of previous Prime Minister José María Aznar. Similarly, Zapatero has been quoted to shy away from adopting unpopular measures, having a "habit of showering public money on any problem" and, in all, being "averse to tough decisions".
Withdrawal from Iraq.
One of the first measures he carried out as soon as he took office was to withdraw every Spanish soldier fighting in Iraq, which he did in less than a month. This drew criticism from the right, who held the view that he was ceding to the pressure of the terrorists who attacked Spain. However, it was a measure announced by him before the general elections and supported by the majority of Spanish population.
Domestic policy.
Much of Zapatero's work has been on social issues, including gender-motivated violence and discrimination, divorce and same-sex marriage. The most recent social issue tackled has been the Dependency Law, a plan to regulate help and resources for people in dire need of them, and who cannot provide for themselves and must rely on others on a daily basis. Zapatero has also made it clear that he values funding of research and development and higher education and believes them to be essential for Spain's economic competitiveness. At the same time, he increased the minimum wage and pursued other socialist policies. Scholarships were made available to all, and young adults received rent subsidies called “emancipation” money. The elderly got stipends for nursing care, mothers got $3,500 for the birth of a child, and toddlers attended free nurseries. Legislation against domestic abuse was introduced, together with a law under which people who are dependent (for reasons such as having a disability) are entitled to a state pension. To safeguard dependents, a board was established that estimates for each person based on their disability what they are entitled to, as a right. Equally, people required to stay at home to look after the disabled are entitled to a dependency salary. In regards to migrants, 700,000 were granted amnesty in the first year of the Zapatero Government. Steps were also taken to address the vulnerability of people on temporary work contracts, making it more difficult for employers to fire at will and easier for workers to get mortgages.
Economic problems.
Facing a recession and rising unemployment, ZP pledged to cut government spending by 4.5% and raise taxes, but not income taxes. The Popular Party contends that ZP lacked a coherent economic plan and stated "There is no tax increase capable of filling the hole that you have created,". On 23 June 2008 Zapatero announced 21 reforms designed to aid economic recovery in a speech pointedly avoiding popular terms of the period such as 'crisis'. Although government deficits are projected to increase to 10% of GDP, ZP promises to reduce it to 3% required by EU policy by 2012.
In January 2011 Spain's Unemployment Rate had risen to 20.33% exceeding Prime Minister Zapatero's target rate of 19.4%.
LGBT rights.
The legalization of same-sex marriage in Spain on 1 July 2005 includes adoption rights as well as other rights that were previously only available to heterosexual couples. This caused a stir within the Catholic Church, which opposed the measures and supported a demonstration attended by some 166,000 (according to official figures) and one million people (according to the organisers) in Madrid.
In 2007, Zapatero's government was also responsible for a Gender Identity Law that allows transsexual persons the right to have their identity legally recognised, the criteria being one clinical evaluation and two years of treatment (generally hormone replacement therapy), and without demanding mandatory genital surgery or irreversible sterility. The law is, alongside with the legislation of some US states, one of the most simple and non-bureaucratic that currently exist in the world. Transsexual persons also have the right to marry persons of the opposite or same sex they have transitioned into, and to biologically parent children either before or after transitioning.
Regional territorial tensions.
Zapatero has often declared that his government will not be "soft on terrorism" and will not allow regional nationalists to endanger Spanish unity. Some say that this comment was probably made for his party alliances with parties like Republican Left of Catalonia.
On 13 November 2003 in a rally in Barcelona during the election campaign that took Pasqual Maragall to power in the Generalitat, Rodríguez Zapatero gave a famous promise to approve the Statute of Catalonia:
In October 2005, a controversial proposal to reform the Catalan statute arrived at the Spanish parliament after being passed in Catalonia. Zapatero, who had often expressed his support for a change of the statute (although he did not entirely support the draft passed by the Catalan Parliament), supported the reform.
Spanish Civil War remnants.
In October 2004 Zapatero's government undertook the task of morally and legally rehabilitating those who were suppressed during and after the Spanish Civil War, by instituting a Memorial Commission chaired by Vice-Prime Minister María Teresa Fernández de la Vega.
On 17 March 2005, Zapatero's government ordered the removal of the last remaining statue of former dictator Francisco Franco that remained in Madrid.
Reform of the education system.
Just after he took office, Zapatero repealed the law reforming the Education System passed by the previous government and, in November 2005, introduced his own reform bill. The bill was opposed by the People's Party, the Catholic Church, the Muslim community, The Catholic Confederation of Parents' Associations and an important part of the educational community, often for disparate reasons. Complaints against the reform include the limits it imposes upon parents' freedom to choose a school, the decrease in academic status of voluntary religious education, the introduction of a compulsory course ("Education for Citizenship") and a perceived ineffectiveness of the reform in terms of combating poor educational results. The last complaint would be reinforced by the opinion that Spain has ranked poorly amongst the developed countries in the quality and results of its education.
After a major demonstration took place against this education reform, the government held a series of meetings with many of the organizations that opposed the reform, reaching agreements with some of them (especially parents' associations and teachers' unions). Some others, most prominently the People's Party and the Catholic Church remain staunchly opposed to it.
ETA.
ETA declared what it described at the time as a "permanent ceasefire" that began on midnight 23 March 2006. On 5 June 2007 ETA declared this ceasefire over. After the initial ceasefire declaration Zapatero informed the Congress that steps would be taken to negotiate with ETA in order to end its terrorist campaign while denying that there would be any political price paid to put an end to ETA. The PP grew concerned about the possibility of political concessions being made to the group to stop their ways, and actively opposed anything other than the possibility of an organized surrender and dismantling of ETA, refusing to support any kind of negotiation. On 30 December 2006 the ceasefire was broken when a car bomb exploded in Madrid's International Airport, Barajas and ETA claimed authorship. Following this, Zapatero gave orders to halt initiatives leading to negotiations with ETA. Demonstrations across Spain followed the next day, most condemning the attack, others condemning the Government's policies and a minority even questioning the authorship of the Madrid bombings.
A massive rally in Madrid followed on 25 February 2007 promoted by the Victims of Terrorism Association (AVT in Spanish acronym), rejecting what are perceived to be concessions from the government to the separatists.
On 10 March 2007 a new massive rally was held in Madrid gathering -depending on the source's relationships to the government- between 342,000 and over two million people. This demonstration was organized by the opposition party PP and backed by the AVT and several other associations of victims, to not allow Iñaki de Juana Chaos out of prison and accusing Zapatero's government of surrendering to terrorism.
Immigration.
During the meeting of the European Union Justice and Home Affairs Ministers held in Tampere on 22 September 2006, some of the European ministers reprimanded the Spanish authorities for the aforementioned massive regularisation of undocumented immigrants which was regarded as too loose and opposed to the policies of other State members (on 2 September and 3 alone, during the height of the last illegal immigration wave, 2,283 people arrived illegally in the Canary Islands having shipped from Senegal aboard 27 pirogues).
Once they reach Spanish territory, the undocumented immigrants can travel freely -for the internal frontiers are basically open within the European Union (with the exception of the United Kingdom and the Ireland who maintain full border controls); thus, it is not unknown for some of them have other European countries as their final destinations. This started a short lived polemic between France's Nicolas Sarkozy and the Spanish premier Rodríguez Zapatero.
Areas of foreign policy action.
Iraq.
Before being elected, Zapatero opposed the American policy in regard to Iraq pursued by former Spanish Prime Minister Aznar. During the electoral campaign Zapatero had promised to withdraw the troops if control in Iraq was not passed to the United Nations after 30 June (the ending date of the initial Spanish military agreement with the multinational coalition that had overthrown Saddam Hussein). Zapatero declared that he did not intend to withdraw the Spanish troops before that date after being questioned about the issue by the People's Party's leader Mariano Rajoy in his inauguration parliamentary debate as Prime Minister.
On 19 April 2004 Zapatero announced the withdrawal of the 1,300 Spanish troops in Iraq.
The decision aroused international support worldwide, though the Bush administration claimed that terrorists could perceive it as "a victory obtained due to the 2004 Madrid train bombings". John Kerry, then Democratic party candidate for the U.S. Presidency, asked Zapatero not to withdraw the Spanish soldiers. Some months after withdrawing the troops, the Zapatero government agreed to increase the number of Spanish soldiers in Afghanistan and to send troops to Haiti to show the Spanish Government's willingness to spend resources on international missions approved by the United Nations.
On 8 June 2004, with the withdrawal already complete, Zapatero's government voted in the United Nations Security Council in favour of Resolution 1546 where the following could be read:
Latin America.
An important change in Spanish foreign policy was Zapatero's decision to approach left-wing leaders such as Cuba's Fidel Castro and Venezuela's Hugo Chávez. Zapatero played an important role in the improvement of the relationship between the Cuban government and the European Union.
At the end of March 2005, Zapatero travelled to Venezuela to sign a deal to sell military ships and aircraft to Venezuela worth around US$1 billion. The US government attempted to intervene but failed, accusing Venezuela of being a "dangerous country."
After the election of Evo Morales in Bolivia, Spain was one of the countries the new president visited during his first international tour.
At the 2007 Ibero–American Summit, Chávez called Zapatero's predecessor José María Aznar a fascist for allegedly supporting the 2002 coup attempt. Zapatero used his speaking time to defend Aznar, noting that he was "democratically elected by the Spanish people." Chávez kept trying to interrupt Zapatero, even as summit organisers turned off his microphone. King Juan Carlos, who was seated beside Zapatero, attempted to rebuke Chávez, but was stopped by Zapatero who, displaying significant patience, told him to wait a moment. When Chávez continued to interrupt Zapatero, Juan Carlos, in a rare outburst of anger, asked Chávez "¿Por qué no te callas?" (Why don't you shut up?). The king left the hall shortly afterwards when the President of Nicaragua began to criticize the Spanish government as well. Zapatero continued to participate in the negotiations, later delivering, to loud applause, a speech demanding respect for the leaders of other countries.
United States.
The relations between José Luis Rodríguez Zapatero and former U.S. president George W. Bush were difficult, mostly as a result of Zapatero's opposition to the war in Iraq.
On 12 October 2003, during the Fiesta Nacional de España military parade held in Madrid, then opposition leader and presidential candidate Zapatero remained seated as a U.S. Marine Corps honour guard carrying the American flag walked past Zapatero and other VIPs. Everybody else stood as with the rest of the foreign guest armies representations. He declared afterwards that his action was a protest against the war and certainly not intended as an insult to the American people.
Later on, during an official visit to Tunisia shortly after Zapatero was elected, he asked all of the countries with troops in Iraq to withdraw their soldiers. This declaration moved Bush to send a letter expressing discontent to the Spanish premier.
American troops were subsequently instructed to not take part during the traditional military parade on the Spanish national holiday in 2004 and in 2005, something which they used to, as both the Spanish and American armies –being NATO allies– are part of joint humanitarian missions; American troops returned to the military parade in 2006; this time Zapatero, being the Spanish premier, stood.
Zapatero publicly stated his support for John Kerry as a candidate running in the U.S. Presidential election in 2004. After the election took place, winner George W. Bush did not return Zapatero's congratulation phone call, though the White House firmly denied that Bush's intention was to snub the Spanish prime minister. Meanwhile Zapatero repeatedly insisted that Spain's relations with the United States were good. In spite of that, Zapatero acknowledged years after that the phone conversation held with President George W. Bush was "unforgettable" and that when told that the Spanish troops were leaving Iraq, the American president had told him "I am very disappointed in you" and that the conversation ended in a "very cold" manner.
Zapatero later told a "New York Times" reporter off the record that he had a "certain consideration" for Bush, because "I recognise that my electoral success has been influenced by his governing style", i.e., that Bush was so unpopular in Spain that he helped Zapatero win in 2004 and 2008.
In March 2009, Spain announced that it would withdraw its forces from Kosovo. US State Department spokesman Robert Wood issued unusually strong criticism by stating that the United States was "deeply disappointed" by the decision. He said that Washington only learned of the move shortly before Spain announced it publicly. Spanish Defense Minister Carme Chacon made the announcement saying, "The mission has been completed and it is time to return home." Asked if the United States shared that assessment, Wood said, "Not at all." Later on, Vice President Joe Biden stated that the American relationship with Spain goes beyond "whatever disagreement we may have over Kosovo".
Europe.
Zapatero's predecessor, José María Aznar, defended a strong Atlanticist policy. Zapatero has downplayed that policy in favour of a pan-European one. He has also sponsored the idea of an Alliance of Civilizations which is co-sponsored by Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdoğan.
In the writing of what was to be the European Constitution Zapatero accepted the distribution of power proposed by countries such as Germany and France. After signing the treaty in Rome together with other leaders, he decided to call for a referendum, which was held on 20 February 2005. It was the first referendum on the EU treaty, a fact highly publicized by Zapatero's government. A 'Yes' vote was supported by the Socialist Party and the People's Party and as a result almost 77% voted in favour of the European Constitution, but turnout was around 43%. However, this result came to nothing when a referendum in France voted to reject the European Constitution which meant that the EU could not ratify the treaty because support was not unanimous.
Presidency of the Council of the European Union.
On 1 January 2010, Spain assumed the Presidency of the European Union for the first six months of the 18-month 'Trio' along with Belgium and Hungary. The development of the Stockholm Programme Action Plan, the impulse for the EU adhesion to the European Convention on Human Rights, the setting up of the new plan for effective equality between women and men, and the political decision to promote the European protection order, were all important advances achieved under the Spanish Presidency.
Within days, Spain's web site for its Presidency www.eu2010.es was defaced by a picture of the main character of a popular television show, Mr. Bean, the supposed lookalike of Zapatero although the XSS attack lasted only several hours.
France and Germany.
On 1 March 2005, Zapatero became the first Spanish prime minister to speak to the French National Assembly. He supported the PS candidate Ségolène Royal during her campaign for the 2007 French presidential election.
Zapatero directly supported the SPD candidate, Chancellor Gerhard Schröder, before the German election of 18 September 2005.
Gibraltar.
While Zapatero complained about Gibraltar's celebrations for the tercentenary of British rule and rejected the Gibraltarians' requests for Spain to recognise their right to self-determination, at the end of 2004 his policy changed and he became the first Spanish prime minister to accept the participation of Gibraltar as a partner on the same level as Spain and the United Kingdom in discussions both countries hold regularly concerning the territory. The decision was criticized by many in Spain as a surrender of their claim to sovereignty over Gibraltar as well as an alleged disruption of the Treaty of Utrecht. Zapatero said it was a new way to solve a 300-year-old issue.
2008 election.
On 9 March 2008, Zapatero's Spanish Socialist Workers' Party (PSOE) won the general election with 44% of the votes. Two days earlier, on 7 March, Isaías Carrasco, a PSOE Basque politician was shot dead in what is believed to be an attack by ETA, and which resulted in the agreed canceling of the final days of the campaign.
After presidency.
He left the office on 21 December 2011 and left the PSOE's Secretary General chair on 4 February 2012 to Alfredo Pérez Rubalcaba. On 9 February he entered the Spanish Council of State.
On December 11, 2013 in an interview for the Catalan TV channel TV3 he explains how he feels insulted when people calls him "Catalan".

</doc>
<doc id="19614415" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19614415" title="Fort Griffin Fandangle">
Fort Griffin Fandangle

The Fort Griffin Fandangle is the oldest outdoor musical 
in the state of Texas. The musical takes place at an outdoor theater, called The Prairie Theatre, in Albany, Texas. Created by Robert Nail in 1938, the "Fandangle" has grown to a cast of over 400 and celebrates the founding of Fort Griffin and the settling of Albany. The show is attended by over 10,000 people each year. It is performed annually on Thursday, Friday, and Saturday evenings of the last two weeks in June.
Plot synopsis.
The "Fort Griffin Fandangle" traces the historical and cultural development of the area along the Clear Fork of the Brazos River in northern Shackelford County near Fort Griffin, the military outpost that from 1867 to 1881 provided protection for settlers in the region and gave rise to the town of Albany. The story is recalled through the memory of two old-timers of the region, a cattleman and his wife, who sit on the porch of a ranch house to reveal the past as they remember it. The production consists of a series of segments, each based on historical material introduced by the narrators and then interpreted by one or more songs and dancing.
History.
The "Fandangle" can trace its beginning to a performance of "Dr. Shackelford’s Paradise," written and directed by Albany native Robert Edward Nail Jr., with the help of local music teacher Alice Reynolds. "Dr. Shackelford'd Paradise" was an outdoor musical pageant presented by the senior class that portrayed the history of Shackelford County. The play was so well received that it was expanded to include adults in the cast and was produced that summer under the name "Fort Griffin Fandangle". A sponsoring organization, the "Fandangle" Association, was first incorporated in 1947. Nail established three rules: first, anybody with ties in Shackelford County could be in the show; second, the show would have to be publicized by word of mouth, not by paid publicity; and third, there would be no profanity in the show.
Alice Reynolds was active from the beginning in writing songs, in designing sets and the numerous banners associated with the play, particularly the steer-head and fiddle emblem that represents the "Fandangle", and in sketching some of the elaborate costumes. For many years she also played the organ for the performances. She died in May 1984.
The title of the show was chosen for its alliteration and euphony. "Fandangle" is a provincial version of Spanish fandango, a fast dance. Originally only traditional or folk music and dances were used, but as the show was repeated in later years by popular demand, new material was written and included in the performances, a practice that is still followed. Although material is repeated from year to year, each season's version varies from any previous show in both content and focus.
The "Fandangle" was retired during World War II because writer-director Robert Nail was serving his country in the armed services, as were many of the other Fandangle personnel. The "Fandangle" was revived in 1947 and ran through 1957. For a number of reasons, the "Fandangle" was not performed again until 1964 when the West Texas Panhandle Heritage Foundation contracted with Robert Nail to bring the "Fandangle" to Canyon, Texas, to open the new outdoor amphitheatre in Palo Duro Canyon. In 1979 the Sixty-Sixth Texas Legislature designated the "Fort Griffin Fandangle" as one of four official state plays of Texas.
In addition to Nail and Reynolds, numerous other citizens have contributed significantly. Songs written by James Ball, Elsa Turner, and later Luann George, who replaced Reynolds as organist in 1983. Marge Bray, long-time choreographer for the show, assumed the directorship after James Ball, who served for four years after Nail's death in 1968. Of particular significance to the development of the "Fandangle" over the years is the work of G. P. Crutchfield, engineer with MArshal R. Young Oil Co., who built the authentic replica of the Butterfield stagecoach, the machine representing the Texas Central Railroad train, a self-contained blacksmith shop on wheels, and the steam calliope with the help of Cecil R. Dye, which is still played regularly before performances. All of these works and many other entries, bands, and horse units appear in the annual parade, which occurs on Thursday afternoon of the second week.
The early performances were held at the local football stadium. The Prairie Theatre, west of town, was constructed in 1965, on land leased for a dollar a year from the John Alexander Matthews estate. Performances have been held there since that time. Full-scale productions are held only in Albany, but short versions have been given in many locations over the years. These are usually performed in the spring and serve as the core around which the major show is built during late May and early June. These "samplers" were performed in Europe in 1967 and 1976 and in Washington, D.C., in 1984. After Marge Bray’s death in 1994, Betsy Black Parsons assumed directing responsibilities. In 2008 the "Fort Griffin Fandangle" celebrated its seventieth anniversary as well as the sesquicentennial of Albany. A "sampler" show was performed at the Lyndon B. Johnson National Historical Park LBJ Ranch that year. By this time the "Fandangle" had grown to more than 400 cast and crew members.
Reviews.
The "Dallas Morning News" describes "Fandangle", accordingly: "as professional as a multi-million dollar Broadway musical, with sets and costumes to match." The "Abilene Reporter-News" calls the program "Frontier history served up with genuine earthiness, spiced by rare humor."

</doc>
<doc id="19614416" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19614416" title="Newtown-Stephensburg Historic District">
Newtown-Stephensburg Historic District

The Newtown-Stephensburg Historic District is located in the central section of Stephens City, Virginia along U.S. Route 11 from the far northern to the far southern boundaries of the town and from just east of Green Hill Cemetery to just west of the interchange of State Route 277 and Interstate 81.
It is a historic district that includes 143 contributing buildings and 4 additional contributing sites.
History.
The area that makes up the Newtown-Stephensburg Historic District was originally settled in 1734 by German settler Peter Stephens. Stephens travelled from Pennsylvania with Joist Hite in 1732. Hite's grandson, Issac Hite, Jr. would later build the Belle Grove Plantation in nearby Middletown, Virginia.
Peter Stephens son, Lewis Stephens, was the owner of the original that made up the town of Stephensburgh, as it was called when chartered and founded in September 1758.
Stephensburgh would become the second oldest town in the Shenandoah Valley (behind nearby Winchester, Virginia). Since its beginnings, the town would be a commercial hub along the "Great Philadelphia Wagon Road" (what is now today U.S. Route 11) and the "Old Dutch Wagon Road" (what is today State Route 277). Because Routes 11 and 277 were two very heavily traveled arteries through the 19th and 20th centuries, the town's businesses oriented towards transportation from the nationally known "Newtown Wagon" companies for the 1800s to today numerous service centers and eateries.
The historical integrity of the individual buildings and the general townscape that make up this historic area is impressive; little to no new construction has taken place in this area since the early 1940s.

</doc>
<doc id="19614419" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19614419" title="Hypnotize the Moon (song)">
Hypnotize the Moon (song)

"Hypnotize the Moon" is a song written by Steve Dorff and Eric Kaz, and recorded by American country music singer Clay Walker. It was released in January 1996 as the second single and title track from Walker's CD "Hypnotize the Moon". It peaked at #2 on the "Billboard" Hot Country Singles & Tracks (now Hot Country Songs) chart.
Reception.
Larry Flick of "Billboard" gave the song a positive review: "The pretty melody and sentimental lyrics should prove popular with country radio listeners."
Music video.
The music video was directed by Bill Young. It starts out in a house museum with a boy who is on a tour, and before going along with the tour, he takes a look at a picture of a woman. Then he starts to imagine her at a party in a past themed time, with Walker singing in a background with a bright moon right behind him.
Chart positions.
"Hypnotize the Moon" debuted at number 55 on the U.S. "Billboard" Hot Country Singles & Tracks for the week of January 13, 1996.

</doc>
<doc id="19614429" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19614429" title="Badger Face Welsh Mountain (sheep)">
Badger Face Welsh Mountain (sheep)

The Badger Face Welsh Mountain (Welsh "Defaid Idloes" ; also known as "Badger Faced Welsh Mountain" or "Welsh Badger-faced") is a distinct variety of the Welsh Mountain breed of domestic sheep bred for Sheep farming in Wales. It is a hardy upland breed known for producing a high percentage of twins and triplets under good conditions. It appears in two sub-varieties of its own: "Torddu" (, "black-bellied"), which has a white fleece with dark face and belly, and the "Torwen" (, "white-bellied"), which as a black body with a white belly and white stripes over the eyes. The "Torddu" is the more common of the two types. In both types, ewes are polled and rams are horned. Although this breeds grows wool, its primarily raised for meat.
Characteristics.
This breed is extremely hardy and able to graze rough hills and terrain. On average at maturity, rams weigh and ewes .

</doc>
<doc id="19614437" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19614437" title="Kousba">
Kousba

Kousba is an Antioch Orthodox village in Koura District, in the Northern Governorate of Lebanon.
History.
According to the elderly residents of this town, the name Kousba comes from the word "Hidden" because of how it lies between mountains. Kousba is one of the most inhabited villages in the Koura district. It is situated at 18 km south of Tripoli, and 12 km east of Chekka. A main road that runs from Chekka to Becharry (called "The Autostrade") passes through Kousba.
Basics.
Kousba has a population of about 5,000 residents. It has two public schools with 311 students enrolled in each of them. Statistics from the 2004 municipal elections indicate that Kousba has 7,193 registered voters—of which 4,940 voted. Kousba has 23 companies with more than 5 employees. Kousba one medical center but no hospitals. This town consists of 601 Hectares of land. Many landmarks exist in Kousba including ancient historical monuments, touristic attractions, religious sites, sports clubs, teaching institutions and social clubs.
Hamatoura Monastery.
Late in the 13th century, at Our Lady Monastery in Hamatoura, Saint Jacob
began his ascetic life. Later, when the monastery was destroyed by the
Mamelukes, he reestablished monasticism along the perimeter of the ruined
monastery. In time, he rebuilt the monastery, regenerating and giving
renewed vigor to monastic life in the area.
His spiritual briskness, vivacity, and popularity among believers drew the
attention of the Mamelukes who set their minds to stop his verve and
determination and force him to convert to Islam. He stubbornly refused their
relentless pressures.
When the Mamelukes' horrible coercive attempts failed, they dragged Saint
Jacob, along with a number of monks and laymen, from Saint Georges
Monastery, situated atop Mount Hamatoura, to Tripoli City (the capital of
Northern Lebanon) and handed him to the wali (ruler).
For almost a year, he endured tremendous tortures. Nevertheless, he did not
give in or renounce his faith despite receiving both adulations and threats
from the Mamelukes.
Although intimidated by Saint Jacob's stubbornness and persistence, finally,
as was their custom in punishing their enemies, on October 13, Saint Jacob
was beheaded. In addition, the Mamelukes burned his body to ensure the
Church will not give him an honorable burial as a martyr, a burial befitting a
saint.
Not long after his death, seeing his sufferings and steadfast faith, our Lord
bestowed on him everlasting crowns and graces and today he shines as a
martyr as much as he was a beacon during his earthly life; at this time the
Church announced Saint Jacob's holiness and added him to her list of
honored Martyr Saints and prayed for his intercession.
Our Saint was almost forgotten in the course of history. This was due to the
severe sufferings of the Church under various Moslem sultanates that both
weakened Christian spiritual life and resulted in a noticeable drop of Christian
literacy. Additionally, all manuscripts and data that could have been sent and
translated abroad were either forgotten, lost, or destroyed.
However, recorded encounters by the Monastery's pilgrims, upon seeing
visions of Saint Jacob, and many others, who sensed his presence, affirmed
and authenticated his sainthood. Glorifying the name of Lord, Saint Jacob
also healed many.
We have recently discovered a clear mention of Saint Jacob in a manuscript
preserved at the Balamand Monastery in a Gerontikon, a hagiography or
compilation of biographical short stories of the lives of holy saints. In a
Balamand archival manuscript, numbered 149, it clearly indicates that the
Church commemorates his memory on October 13.
The Monastery of the Dormition of the Theotokos - Kousba, Hamatoura, in
Lebanon, commemorated his memory, for the first time, on October 13,
2002, in an all-night prayer vigil (agrypnia). A number of priests, deacons,
and believers participated in that memorable day, as the attendees chanted
Saint Jacob's troparion and Akolouthia, prepared and edited by the
monastery's monks.
Today, believers and pilgrims are constantly reporting his apparitions,
miraculous healings and other Grace-filled deeds. All of this kindled the
spiritual fervorness to celebrate the memory of this Saint and give Praise to
the Lord, while honoring Saint Jacob of Hamatoura who is still living among
us in his monastery performing miraculous deeds, calls, and visitations to
believers. 
Businesses in Kousba.
Banks,Computer shop, Computer Services (IT), Supermarkets, Jewelries, Car Mechanics, Olive Oils, Perfumeries, Wheels repairs, Lingeries, Clothing, Flowers, Photographing, Silver ware, Ice Creams and Sweets, Car Spare Parts, Buchers, Shoe Shops, Blinds and Curtains Shops, Gas Stations, Eye Glasses, Mobile Phone Shops, Construction Materials, Hair Dressers, Bookshops, Beauty shops and Pharmacies.

</doc>
<doc id="19614447" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19614447" title="Radiant AI">
Radiant AI

The Radiant AI is a technology developed by Bethesda for "The Elder Scrolls" video games. This allows non-player characters (NPCs) to make choices and engage in behaviors more complex than in past titles. This technology was developed for ' and expanded in ', and is also used in "Fallout 3" and "", also published by Bethesda.
Technology.
The Radiant A.I. technology, as it evolved in its latest iteration developed for "Skyrim", comprises two parts:
Radiant A.I..
The Radiant A.I. system deals with NPC interactions and behavior. It allows non-player characters to dynamically react to and interact with the world around them. General goals, such as "Eat at this city at 2pm" are given to NPCs, and NPCs are left to determine how to achieve them. The absence of individual scripting for each character allows for the construction of a world on a much larger scale than other games had developed, and aids in the creation of what Todd Howard described as an "organic feel" for the game
Radiant Story.
The Radiant Story system deals with how the game itself reacts to the player behavior, such as the creation of new dynamic quests. Dynamically generated quests are placed by the game in locations the player hasn't visited yet and are related to earlier adventures.

</doc>
<doc id="19614470" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19614470" title="Yipes">
Yipes

Yipes is a pop-o-matic board game similar to Trouble in which players compete to be the first player to the end of the board, thus turning into the "Monster." The game adds a twist by having all players reverse direction when this occurs, with the "Monster" attempting to pass (thus "eating") the remaining players.

</doc>
<doc id="19614481" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19614481" title="Hibbs Pyramid">
Hibbs Pyramid

Hibbs Pyramid is a pyramidal dolerite island with an area of 4.65 ha in south-eastern Australia, on the West Coast of Tasmania in "Hibbs Bay" adjacent to Point Hibbs.
It is part of the Hibbs Pyramid Group, lying close to the central western coast of Tasmania.
In early stages of the exploration of the region, the Pyramid Rock was considered a good sheltering location for coastal shipping offloading materials 
Fauna.
Recorded breeding seabird and wader species are the Little Penguin (820 pairs), Short-tailed Shearwater (9000 pairs) and Sooty Oystercatcher. Fur seals haul-out on an adjacent rock. Reptiles present include the Metallic Skink and Tasmanian Tree Skink.

</doc>
<doc id="19614509" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19614509" title="Peugeot Type 159">
Peugeot Type 159

The Peugeot Type 159 was a new model from Peugeot for 1919, part of a more consolidated post-World War I lineup. It had a 1.5 L four-cylinder engine, seated four, and was sold for merely a year before replacement.

</doc>
<doc id="19614529" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19614529" title="Çandarlı Ali Pasha">
Çandarlı Ali Pasha

Çandarlı Ali Pasha (died December 18, 1406) was the grand vizier of the Ottoman Empire from 1387 until 1406, under sultan Bayezid I and, during the Ottoman Interregnum, Süleyman Çelebi.
As a member of the prominent Çandarlı family, Ali became grand vizier upon the death of his father, grand vizier Çandarlı Kara Halil Hayreddin Pasha, and served as a grand vizier until his death in 1406. He was the brother of future grand vizier Çandarlı Ibrahim Pasha the Elder. Ali Pasha was the commander of the Ottoman troops that conquered most of Bulgaria and Dobruja in 1388 and one of the commanders of the Rumelian sipahis during the Battle of Nicopolis in 1396.

</doc>
<doc id="19614539" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19614539" title="Samurai Warriors 3">
Samurai Warriors 3

Shigeru Miyamoto from Nintendo attended the game's Press Conference on August 5, 2009, to present a new mode in the game based on the Famicom Disk System game "Nazo no Murasame Jō". Nintendo published and distributed the game outside of Japan for the Wii.
A sequel, "Samurai Warriors 4", was announced at a SCEJ press conference in September 2013.
Story.
Like other games in the series, the game reinvents the story based on the Sengoku period of Japan, a period where Japan was ruled by powerful daimyos and where constant military conflict and much political intrigue happened that lasted from the middle of 16th century to the beginning of 17th century. However, the game has a slightly extended time frame compared to the previous game; while "Samurai Warriors 2" is mostly focused on the events leading to the great battle of Sekigahara, this game also covers the events beforehand.
Gameplay.
The game features many gameplay improvements over previous games in the series, the most notable being the addition of the Spirit Gauge, a gauge which allows for characters to cancel certain attacks to perform more powerful ones. These occur depending on the level of the gauge. It can also be combined with Musou attacks to perform an "Ultimate Musou". Certain combinations of attacks from the "Xtreme Legends" expansions also make a comeback. Each of the character's weapons are categorized under Normal, Speed, and Power types similar to "Dynasty Warriors 6", except that each character still has unique weapons assigned to them.
The option to create edit characters from the original game returns and is required to access the new "Historical Mode", which can be used to create an original story for edit characters by reenacting parts of historical battles. Both Story Mode and Free Mode return, as does the shop system, which has been redesigned and is now part of "Dojo", a section also dedicated to creating edit characters and color-edit existing characters. An exclusive mode for the Wii version is the "Murasame Castle" based on the Nintendo game "Nazo no Murasame Jō", which allows for the control of its lead character Takamaru.
Characters.
Seven new characters made their playable debut in the Samurai Warriors franchise, most of them former generic non-player characters in past installments. Most of the characters from previous games also return, all redesigned with several receiving new weapons. Three characters; Gracia, Musashi Miyamoto, and Kojirō Sasaki do not return, although Gracia later returns in the "Xtreme Legends" expansion. Of all of them, seven characters do not have stories, though they are given stories in the "Xtreme Legends" expansion. Altogether, there are 30 returning characters for a total of 37 characters in the game.
"Characters marked with (*) are unplayable NPCs in the original game that have become playable in expansions"
Bundles.
The game comes in three different variations; a stand-alone copy of the game, a Classic Controller Pro set, and a treasure box edition. The treasure box edition includes the controller as well as a mini figure, an original soundtrack CD and a book with strategies and artwork. The controller included in the latter two bundles is a special edition black Classic Controller Pro with the game's logo and Japanese inkbrush marks in gold.
Music.
At the game's press conference on August 5, it was revealed that JPop artist Gackt would be performing two theme songs for the game, "Zan" and "Setsugekka". The song "Zan" was used in the promotional commercials for the game, and is also featured in the game's ending. The single, titled "Setsugekka (The End of Silence)/Zan", which contains both songs, was released on December 9, 2009.
Expansions.
The game features three expansions/ports that either add new contents or expand on gameplay mechanics of the game.
Samurai Warriors 3: Xtreme Legends/Z.
Samurai Warriors 3: Xtreme Legends is the first expansion of the game, released for the Wii in Japan on February 10, 2011. The game introduces two new modes, the "Original Career" mode which allows the opportunity to create original scenarios by completing missions and acquiring gold to increase the player's abilities and strength, as well as the series staple "Challenge" mode that has three challenges of varying objectives. It also adds new weapons, items, two new difficulty levels ("Novice" and "Hell") and stories for characters that did not have them in the original. The game also has online functionality which was not possible in the original. It was also released for the PlayStation 3 on the same day under the title of Samurai Warriors 3 Z. This version has updated graphics compared to the Wii, but removes the Murasame Castle mode. Both of these versions have yet to receive an overseas release.
Samurai Warriors 3: Empires.
Samurai Warriors 3: Empires is the second expansion of the game, released for the PlayStation 3 in Japan on August 25, 2011. Like the other "Empires" expansion, the game is more focused on the political and tactical battle system. The game features a different version of Historical Mode and Free Mode that fits with the "Empires" structure and retains the edit character feature. Like "Xtreme Legends", this game has yet to be released overseas.
Samurai Warriors 3 Z: Special.
Samurai Warriors 3 Z: Special is a port for the PlayStation Portable released in Japan on February 16, 2012. As it is based on "Samurai Warriors 3 Z", it has all of its features (including the removal of Murasame Castle mode) as well as the ability for four players to compete in the game's Challenge mode. Due to memory limitations however, the graphics have been significantly downgraded. It has yet to receive an overseas release.

</doc>
<doc id="19614566" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19614566" title="Departures (TV series)">
Departures (TV series)

Departures (also promoted as departures.) is a travel adventure television series. An original Canadian production created by Echo Bay Media Inc./Departures Entertainment Inc. (Andre Dupuis and Scott Wilson) and produced by Jessie Wallace and Steven Bray. Distributed by Departures Distribution Inc. an arm of the ShootingStar Film Co. The worldwide premiere was with the Canadian Channel OLN on March 17, 2008 and continued for a total of 42 episodes ending on June 19, 2010.
Series co-creators Scott Wilson (Host) and Andre Dupuis (Director and Videographer) have said that he and Wilson worked on another show, but that it seemed "kind of dry", and that it was not carrying across the feelings that they had, thinking he and Wilson "could probably do a better job".
The team behind the series met at film school: Scott Wilson, Andre Dupuis, and Jessie Wallace worked on numerous projects together while at Sheridan College. Also from Sheridan came Steven Bray, Alvin Campana (Editor) and Stephen Barden (Audio Mixer).
Concept.
The show features high-school friends Scott Wilson and Justin Lukach travelling to various locations around the world, accompanied by cameraman Andre Dupuis.
The show has been described as being about the journey, rather than just the destinations.
Broadcast.
The first season of "Departures" aired on the Outdoor Life Network in Canada and began airing internationally on the National Geographic Adventure Channel worldwide beginning October 2008. The second season began airing on the Outdoor Life Network on January 25, 2009 in 480i, and the third season began airing on the Outdoor Life Network on March 6, 2010. Starting on April 10, 2009, "Departures" began airing every Friday night on Citytv stations across Canada, with 1080p broadcast on CITY-TV Toronto high-definition channel. The final episode of the series, "Departures: Australia", aired on Saturday, June 19, 2010. The Departures Entertainment website speculated that Citytv will likely begin airing Season 3 within six months of the OLN broadcast.
The series airs in Germany with RTL Living, DR HD in Denmark, TVB in Hong Kong, in 50 countries with National Geographic Adventure Channel, and on Air Canada's international flights. Broadcast of Season one expanded to all of Europe, Middle East, Asia and Asia Pacific on Travel Channel International on June 25, 2012. Season two was to begin in January 2013 on Travel Channel International.
Episodes.
The first two seasons of the show have thirteen episodes each, while the third has sixteen episodes. Lukach has stated that a fourth season will not be made, as Wilson and Dupuis are working on a new show, "Descending", which aired February 19, 2012.
Below is a chronological list of places visited in each season:

</doc>
<doc id="19614584" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19614584" title="Janusz Gol">
Janusz Gol

Janusz Gol (born November 11, 1985 in Świdnica) is a Polish footballer who plays as a midfielder for Amkar Perm in the Russian Premier League.
Career.
Club.
In July 2008, he moved to GKS Bełchatów from Polonia/Sparta Świdnica. He extended his contract with GKS to the end of 2010/2011 season in June 2009.
In February 2011, he joined Legia Warsaw on a three and a half year contract.
In July 2013, he joined Amkar Perm on a two years contract.
International.
He has been a part of the Poland national football team since 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="19614600" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19614600" title="Nick McInerney">
Nick McInerney

Cornelius Michael "Nick" McInerney (April 27, 1897) was an American football player who played eight seasons for the Chicago Cardinals.

</doc>
<doc id="19614617" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19614617" title="Nunukan Island">
Nunukan Island

Nunukan is an island within the Nunukan Regency in North Kalimantan Province of Indonesia.

</doc>
<doc id="19614618" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19614618" title="European Society for the Study of Science and Theology">
European Society for the Study of Science and Theology

ESSSAT is a society of scholars who study the topic of Religion and Science. They meet every two years. They have 3 publications: "Issues in Science and Theology" (IST), "Studies in Science and Theology" (SSTh), and "ESSSAT-News" (a quarterly newsletter). It was founded in the mid-1980s. Its current president is Antje Jackelén. Its president from 2002 to 2008 was Dutch theologian Willem B. Drees.

</doc>
<doc id="19614620" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19614620" title="Belá Ervin Graf und Freiherr von Bothmer zu Schwegerhoff">
Belá Ervin Graf und Freiherr von Bothmer zu Schwegerhoff

Béla Ervin "Graf und Freiherr von" Bothmer zu Schwegerhoff (October 14, 1857 - December 26, 1940) was a Hungarian military officer. He was born in the village of Szőlősardó, in the Hungarian county of Borsod-Abaúj-Zemplén, as one of the six children of Carl Alexander Friedrich and Rosa von Szabó de Sepsi-Szent-György.
Army career.
He served as in the Austro-Hungarian Army as a cadet-Wachtmeister, lieutenant and first lieutenant in the 5th k.u.k. Uhlanen Regiment. He was then transferred to the Royal Hungarian Honvéd-Kavallerie, earning the rank of Rittmeister on 1 November 1889, then to Major on 1 November 1897, and on 1 May 1901 he was made a Lt.-Colonel. In 1903 he was appointed as commander of the 8th Honvéd-Hussars Regiment and then later was transferred in 1907 as a regiment commander of the 10th Honvéd-Hussars Regiment. His younger brother, Arpád Albert Rudolf, became the Field Marshal of the Royal Hungarian Army.
Marriages.
Béla Ervin married Mariska Jankovich de Jeszenicze in Rácz-Almás on 20 June 1885. He took his second wife, Martha Szontagh de Igló, in Budapest on 20 September 1898. Both marriages were childless.
Death.
He died in Halmi on 26 December 1940, aged 83.

</doc>
<doc id="19614621" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19614621" title="Yustaga (disambiguation)">
Yustaga (disambiguation)

The Yustaga were a Timucua people of northwest Florida in the 16th and 17th centuries
Yustaga may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19614629" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19614629" title="Mikhail Chernov">
Mikhail Chernov

Mikhail Chernov (born November 11, 1978) is a Russian professional ice hockey defenceman currently playing for HC Sibir Novosibirsk of the Kontinental Hockey League.
Chernov was drafted 107th overall by the Philadelphia Flyers in the 1997 NHL Entry Draft, but spent three seasons playing in the American Hockey League for the Philadelphia Phantoms and never played in the National Hockey League. He returned to Russia in 2001, splitting the season with Lokomotiv Yaroslavl and Spartak Moscow. After a brief spell with Ak Bars Kazan, Chernov signed with Metallurg Novokuznetsk in 2003 where he spent two seasons. In 2005, he signed with SKA St. Petersburg in another two year spell which saw him achieve a career high 17 points during 2006-07. In 2007, Chernov joined Salavat Yulayev Ufa.

</doc>
<doc id="19614638" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19614638" title="Allianz">
Allianz

Its Allianz Global Investors division ranks as a top-five global active investment manager, having €1,443 billion of assets under management (AuM), of which €1,131 billion are third-party assets (as of 2010-09-30), with specialized asset managers including PIMCO (bonds), RCM (equities) and Degi (real estate).
Allianz sold Dresdner Bank to Commerzbank in November 2008. As a result of this merger, Allianz gained a 14% controlling stake in the new Commerzbank.
History.
Foundation.
Allianz AG was founded in Berlin on 5 February 1890 by then director of the Munich Reinsurance Company Carl von Thieme (a native of Erfurt, whose father was the director of Thuringia) and Wilhelm von Finck (co-owner of the Merck Finck & Co bank). The joint company was listed in Berlin's trade register under the name Allianz Versicherungs-Aktiengesellschaft. The first Allianz products were marine and accident policies first sold only in Germany, however in 1893 Allianz opened its first international branch office in London. It distributed marine insurance coverage to German clientele looking for coverage abroad.
In 1900 the company became the first insurer to obtain a license to distribute corporate policies. In 1904 Paul Von Naher took over the sole leadership of the company, as it moved into the US and other markets. Markets entered by 1914 included the Netherlands, Italy, Belgium, France, the Scandinavian countries and the Baltic States, and Allianz had become the largest maritime insurer in Germany. The company suffered an early disaster in expansion, when the 1906 San Francisco earthquake caused the company to sustain 300,000 marks in losses. In 1905 the company acquired Fides Insurance Company, a firm that had innovated the first form of home invasion insurance. Other places it would expand into during the 1910s and 1920s included Palestine, Cyprus, Iraq, China, the Dutch Indies, Ceylon, and Siam.
20th century developments.
In 1905 the company began to offer fire insurance, and in 1911 it began to sell machinery breakdown policies. Allianz remained the only company in the world that sold machine breakdown insurance until 1924. Then in 1918 it began to offer automobile insurance as well. In 1921 Von Naher passed away, and was succeeded by Kurt Schmitt. The company would begin to offer life insurance as of 1922, becoming Europe's largest offerer of the policies by the end of the 1920s.
In 1927 Allianz merged with Stuttgarter Verein Versicherung AG and two years later acquired the insurance businesses of Favag, a large German insurer that declared bankruptcy due to the onset of the Great Depression. Expansion of the company then slowed until 1938 at which point it employed more than 24,000 people. Christian Stadler wrote of the history of Allianz that it "shows how important it is to diversify into related areas to hedge against the risk of fundamental changes in markets and economies".
During World War II the Munich headquarters of Allianz were destroyed by Allied bombing runs. Following the end of the war in 1945, Hans Heb became head of the company, and Allianz shifted its headquarters to Munich in 1949 due to the split between East and West Germany. Heb only held the position until 1948, when he was replaced by Hans Goudefroy. After World War II, global business activities were gradually resumed. Allianz opened an office in Paris in 1959, and started repurchasing stakes in former subsidiaries in Italy and Austria. In 1971 Wolfgang Schieren became the head of the company.
These expansions were followed in the 1970s by the establishment of business in the United Kingdom, the Netherlands, Spain, Brazil and the United States. In 1986, Allianz acquired Cornhill Insurance PLC, London, and the purchase of a stake in Riunione Adriatica di Sicurità (RAS), Milan, strengthened its presence in Western and Southern Europe in the 1980s.
In 1990, Allianz started an expansion into eight Eastern European countries with establishing a presence in Hungary. In the same decade, Allianz also acquired Fireman's Fund, an insurer in the United States, which was followed by the purchase of Assurances Générales de France (AGF), Paris. These acquisitions were followed by the expansion into Asia with several joint ventures and acquisitions in China and South Korea and the acquisition of Australia's Manufacturers Mutual Insurance. Around this time Allianz expanded its asset management business as well by purchasing for example asset management companies in California.
Allianz in the 21st century.
In April 2001, Allianz agreed to acquire the 80 per cent of Dresdner Bank that it did not already own for US$20 billion. As part of the transaction, Allianz agreed to sell its 13.5 per cent stake in HypoVereinsbank to Munich Re, and to acquire Munich Re's 40 per cent stake in Allianz Leben. Following completion of the acquisition, Allianz and Dresdner Bank combined their asset management activities by forming Allianz Global Investors. In 2002, Michael Diekmann succeeded Henning Schulte-Noelle as CEO of Allianz AG. In June 2006, Allianz announced the layoff of 7,280 employees, about 4 percent of its worldwide work force at the time, as part of a restructuring program aimed at raising profitability. The reductions comprised 5,000 staff at Allianz insurance operations and 2,480 at Dresdner Bank. In the same month, Allianz announced that its Dresdner Kleinwort Wasserstein investment banking operation would be renamed as simply Dresdner Kleinwort.
In September 2005, Allianz announced that it would convert its holding company into a European Company (Societas Europaea), becoming one of the first major companies to do so. The conversion was made in conjunction with Allianz's acquisition of 100 per cent control of its principal Italian subsidiary Riunione Adriatica di Sicurtà (RAS) for around US$7 billion. The conversion to an SE was completed on 13 October 2006. The Allianz Group also simplified its brand strategy from 2006 and their previous emblem was replaced by the current combination mark. By 2008 the company was Europe's largest insurer.
On 31 August 2008, it was announced that Allianz had agreed to sell 60.2 per cent of Dresdner Bank to Commerzbank for €9.8 billion (US$14.4 billion), with an agreement that Commerzbank would acquire the remainder of Dresdner Bank by the end of 2009. After renegotiations, it was announced in November 2008 that Commerzbank would acquire the 100% ownership of Dresdner Bank earlier (12 January 2009). The sale price was lowered to 5.5 billion Euro. Shortly after the transaction completed, Commerzbank was partially nationalized by the German government to save it from bankruptcy. Allianz currently retains a stake of around 14% in Commerzbank.
Operations.
Allianz has operations in over 70 countries and has around 180,000 employees. The parent company, Allianz SE, is headquartered in Munich, Germany. Allianz has more than 76 million customers worldwide and its services include property and casualty insurance, life and health insurance and asset management. In 2013 it was number 25 on the global Forbes 2000 list.
Australia.
Tracing its roots back to 1914, Allianz Australia Insurance Limited operates throughout Australia and New Zealand and through its subsidiaries offers a range of insurance and risk management products and services. Subsidiaries of Allianz Australia include Club Marine, Allianz Life and Hunter Premium Funding. In 2012, Allianz Australia announced a multi-year agreement with the SCG Trust to rename the Sydney Football Stadium to Allianz Stadium.
Belgium.
Allianz operates through Allianz Belgium, previously AGF Belgium which has been re-branded to Allianz Belgium in November 2007.
Bulgaria.
Allianz Bank Bulgaria is a universal commercial bank having its headquarters in Sofia. It was established in 1997. On October 13, 2003 the bank received the name of its principal shareholder – Allianz Bulgaria Holding. Before that the bank was named ‘Bulgaria Invest’ Commercial Bank. Allianz Bank Bulgaria offers its products in more than hundred branches and offices all over the country, as well as through the broad agents’ network of Allianz Bulgaria Holding. The bank possesses a full banking license for carrying out banking and financial transactions.
Canada.
Allianz entered the Canadian market in the early 1990s through an acquisition of several North American insurers, namely the American Firemans Fund and the Canadian Surety. Upon the market exit the personal and commercial lines unit was sold off to the market leader ING Canada (Now Intact), and Allianz Canada ceased operations in 2004. Its industrial underwriting branch was bought by Allianz US, which has retained the Toronto office.
Germany.
Allianz offers a wide range of general, life and health insurance products in Germany through its Allianz Deutschland AG subsidiary. It is the market leader in both the general and life insurance markets. Allianz products are distributed principally through a network of full-time tied agents. Since September 2010 Allianz products have also been sold through Commerzbank branches.
India.
In India Allianz primarily operates through Bajaj Allianz General Insurance Company Limited, a joint venture between Allianz and Bajaj Finserv Limited. Bajaj Allianz has around 1,200 branches across India and offers services including unit-linked, traditional, health, child and pension policies.
Indonesia.
Allianz started its operations in Indonesia with a representative office in 1981. In 1989, Allianz established PT Asuransi Allianz Utama Indonesia, a general insurance company. Furthermore, Allianz entered the Indonesian life insurance market by opening PT Asuransi Allianz Life Indonesia in 1996.
Italy.
The Allianz Group in Italy is headed by composite insurance company Allianz SpA and it ranks second in terms of premiums written and fifth in terms of assets under management as well as fourth for financial advisors.
The Italian parent company, Allianz SpA, resulted from the integration – in October 2007 – of three former insurance companies: Ras, established in 1838 and based in Milan (part of the Allianz Group since 1987), Lloyd Adriatico, established in 1936 and based in Trieste (part of the Allianz Group since 1995) and Allianz Subalpina, established in 1928 and based in Turin (formerly a subsidiary of Ras).
Pakistan.
In Pakistan Allianz primarily operates through EFU Allianz Health Insurance Company Limited, a joint venture between Allianz and Eastern Fedral Union.
Slovakia.
Allianz started its life and Property & Casualty (P&C) operation in Slovakia in 1993. In 2001 Allianz AG bought the majority ownership in then state-owned Slovenská poisťovňa (SP, Slovak Insurance Company). Upon the purchase SP held a market share of well over 50%. Upon the purchase the local Allianz operation was merged with SP creating a new company Allianz - Slovenská poisťovňa.
United Kingdom.
Allianz owns British insurance company Cornhill Insurance plc, subsequently renamed Allianz Cornhill Insurance plc. This then simply became Allianz Insurance plc in April 2007. It also owns the high-net-worth insurance broker Home and Legacy, which it purchased in 2006. Their IT captive unit in India ACIS is located at Technopark, Trivandrum in Kerala. Allianz previously owned Kleinwort Benson, which it inherited when it acquired Dresdner Bank. The investment bank has subsequently been merged with the corporate bank of Dresdner Bank and rebranded as Dresdner Kleinwort.
United States.
Allianz has a presence within the United States, including Allianz Life Insurance Company of North America and Allianz Global Corporate & Specialty and Fireman's Fund. Allianz Life Insurance Company of North America has been ranked among the 100 best companies to work for by "Fortune Magazine". Allianz's investment arm, Allianz Global Investors (AGI), owns Pacific Investment Management Company, commonly called PIMCO, on the fixed income side, and RCM Capital Management and NFJ on the equities side.
Senior management.
CEOs to date:
Sponsorships.
Allianz provided naming rights for the Allianz Arena, a football stadium in the north of Munich, Germany. The two professional Munich football clubs Bayern Munich and TSV 1860 München have played their home games at Allianz Arena since the start of the 2005–06 season. Other stadiums owned by Allianz include the Allianz Parque soccer stadium in Sao Paulo, Brazil, the Allianz Riviera soccer stadium in Nice, France and the Allianz Park rugby stadium in London, UK.
Allianz had been in negotiations with the New York Jets and the Giants to buy naming rights to the New Meadowlands Stadium (now known as MetLife Stadium) in East Rutherford, New Jersey, but those talks ended due to opposition from Jewish groups and Holocaust survivors.
Allianz owned the Polish football team Gornik Zabrze but sold its shares in the club in April 2011. Allianz has been involved in Formula One since 2000, firstly as a sponsor of the AT&T WilliamsF1 Team, and since 2011 as a sponsor of the Mercedes GP Petronas team. In 2009 Allianz signed an agreement to become the Global Partner of the St. Andrews Links Trust. In early 2012, Allianz entered an agreement with the Sydney Cricket & Sports Ground Trust which oversaw the Sydney Football Stadium being renamed Allianz Stadium. 2012 also saw Allianz partner up with Saracens to be their main shirt sponsor as well as securing an £8m deal for naming rights to their new Barnet Copthall home to be called Allianz Park.
The company has also been the sponsor of others sports, including the Women’s British Open (golf), Allianz Open de Lyon (golf), Allianz Championship (golf), Allianz Golf Open du Grand Toulouse (golf), Allianz Suisse Open Gstaad (tennis), Allianz Cup (tennis), Allianz Championship (golf), and FINA Swimming World Cup (swimming) events. The National Football League of Ireland is named the Allianz National Football League for its sponsorship.
Controversies.
In 1993 Henning Schulte-Noelle commissioned a new Archive for Corporate History, becoming the first Allianz CEO to address the company's activities during the Third Reich. In 1997 Schulte-Noelle asked Gerald Feldman, historian from the University of California-Berkeley, if he would undertake a larger research project on Allianz's past involvement with the Third Reich. After research began, Jewish World War II survivors and their descendants took Allianz and other European insurance companies to court, accusing them of unpaid insurance policies. Allianz and four other insurers supported the creation of the "International Commission on Holocaust Era Insurance Claims" (ICHEIC).
Furthermore, Allianz became a founding member of the German Foundation "Remembrance, Responsibility and Future". Feldman published the comprehensive results of his research in September 2001. Based on these results Allianz established an exhibition in the Archive for Corporate History and on the Internet. The research concluded that Allianz, as an organization and through its corporate officers, voluntarily partnered with the Nazi Regime and the Third Reich, starting as early as the early 1930s and continuing all the way through to the collapse of the Third Reich.
Feldman summarized his findings stating: "It was just one more piece of business in the Third Reich, but it demonstrated that such pieces on any large scale made contact at some point with all that is represented by the name "Auschwitz" – from slave labor to extermination – virtually inescapable." They were recorded in a book published by Cambridge University Press.

</doc>
<doc id="19614643" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19614643" title="Mickey MacDonnell">
Mickey MacDonnell

Mickey MacDonnell (April 30, 1902 – November 1, 1983) was an American football player who played eight seasons in the NFL, mainly for the Chicago Cardinals. He met his wife, Rose Scott (a Scottish/Irish immigrant), while working at General Motors in Detroit, Michigan. 

</doc>
<doc id="19614660" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19614660" title="Entrance Island (Tasmania)">
Entrance Island (Tasmania)

Entrance Island is a low island with an area of 6.1 ha in south-eastern Australia. It lies at the entrance to Macquarie Harbour in Western Tasmania. It contains a light beacon and jetty.
Fauna.
Recorded breeding seabird species are the Little Penguin (100 pairs) and Short-tailed Shearwater (1900 pairs). The Metallic Skink is present.

</doc>
<doc id="19614688" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19614688" title="Salcedo Canton">
Salcedo Canton

Salcedo is a canton in the Cotopaxi Province, Ecuador. At the time of census 2001 it had a population of 51,304. The capital of the canton is San Miguel de Salcedo.
Salcedo is famous for its ice cream.

</doc>
<doc id="19614692" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19614692" title="DJ Sun">
DJ Sun

DJ Sun is an American Music Producer/DJ.
Biography.
Early life.
He was born January 19, in Rotterdam, the Netherlands. He grew up there and in Suriname before settling in Houston, Texas (USA) in his teens.
Career.
DJ Sun started a radio show in 1995, "Soular Grooves" on KPFT 90.1 FM, Pacifica Network. The music played on Soular Grooves has the aesthetics of soul and jazz, irrespective of bpm or tempo. Soular Grooves was initially known as an acid jazz show. DJ Sun started his DJ career in 1993 and has maintained a career during which he has earned "Houston Press" DJ of The Year awards seven times between 1999 and 2009 (the last being in 2009).
DJ Sun’s style has been described by music writers like Shea Sherrano of The Houston Press weekly as varied with a distinct signature for loungey, groove-oriented eclectic music shaped by his exposure to music while living abroad.
In 2007, DJ Sun became a music producer with the release of "Monday Drive" (Alternate Take Records), an EP reflective of his varied background, blending styles and nostalgic aesthetics into a down to midtempo paced EP.
DJ Sun released "Para", a 12” EP which included remixes from DJ Sabo (Sol Selectas), J Boogie (OM) and Genre Jazz (Presto and Mhax Montes), released in November 2008.
On January 15, 2013, DJ Sun released "One Hundred", a 19-track album featuring guests Tim Ruiz (La Mafia), Leah Alvarez, Jessica Zweback, Mark Sound, Meghan Hendley, and Martin Perna.
On October 10, 2013, DJ Sun was awarded the "Best CD by a Local Musician" in the annual Best Of Houston edition of The Houston Press 

</doc>
<doc id="19614697" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19614697" title="Chronopolis (film)">
Chronopolis (film)

Chronopolis is a 1982 science fiction film directed by Polish animator Piotr Kamler with music composed by Luc Ferrari and narration by Michael Lonsdale. It was Kamler's first and only full length film. The film won Best Children's Film for 1982 and was nominated for the International Fantasy Film Award in 1983. The film was shown out of competition at the 1982 Cannes Film Festival.
Plot.
Chronopolis tells the story of a gargantuan city lurking in the sky colonized by powerful immortals who have become jaded with eternal life. Most of their time is spent monotonously constructing bizarre and unusual objects while waiting for the ultimate gift to arrive in their hands.
Notes.
With a grant under $400,000 from the Institut National de l'Audiovisuel of Paris and Centre National du Cinema, Piotr Kamler completed the film within a five-year period from 1977 to 1982. Most of the animation and CGI he accomplished on his own. Kamler openly admitted that the script he provided to obtain his funding had nothing to do with his original concept. Only after building the characters and set did the film's "story" take shape.
There exists two versions of the film. The original 1982 version runs at 66 minutes and was released in North America through a company in Boston. The official and final cut, re-released in 1988, has 14 minutes of footage taken out leaving it at 52 minutes. Within that version:

</doc>
<doc id="19614729" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19614729" title="Youssef Adnane">
Youssef Adnane

Youssef Adnane (born 16 July 1985 in Mulhouse) is a French football player of Moroccan descent who currently plays for French club Tours FC in Ligue 2.
Football career.
Adnane began his career in the youth system of his hometown club FC Mulhouse. After spending a decade there, he was signed by Ligue 2 club Stade Brestois 29. He only made seven appearances at the club scoring no goals before being loan out to Championnat National side SO Châtellerault for the winter, where he made 11 appearances and scored 4 goals. Following his return to Brest, he was again loaned out, this time for two years to AS Cherbourg. Adnane adjusted well with the Normandy-based side scoring 34 goals in 50 matches over two league seasons.
After his two spectacular seasons with Cherbourg, Ligue 1 club SM Caen secured his services for the 2008–09 season. Adnane appeared in 14 matches for the season and, for the 2009–10 season, was signed by Angers SCO. Adnane's stint with Angers was brief appearing in 12 matches and scoring one goal during the first half of the season. In the second half of the season, Adnane was loaned out to third division club Évian. He scored ten goals on nine appearances helping the club win National and earn promotion to Ligue 2 for the first time in the club's history. On 10 July 2010, Adnane was signed on a permanent three-year deal with Évian.
In July 2013, Adnane was given a trial at Seattle Sounders in the Major League Soccer but he was not offered a contract. Next month, he joined Tours in Ligue 2. 

</doc>
<doc id="19614730" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19614730" title="William Berger (author)">
William Berger (author)

William Berger (or Will Berger) is an American author, radio music host and commentator.
Born in California 25 January 1961, studied Romance languages and musicology at the University of California, Santa Cruz. For five years he worked in the San Francisco Opera, being responsible for acquiring company’s records collection. As author, he wrote such books on music and operatic composers as: "Wagner Without Fear" (1998), "Verdi With a Vengeance" (2000), "Puccini Without Excuses" (2005), all published by Random House. He has also written opera libretti and articles on religion and architecture.
He frequently gives lectures on operatic music and composers, and is also a radio commentator and has recently been a regular host for New York Public Radio’s Overnight Music and WNYC radio. Since creation of the Metropolitan Opera Radio on Sirius in the Fall of 2006, he writes all the commentaries heard during entractes of historical broadcasts. Berger is currently often a co-host during live Metropolitan Opera radio broadcasts, and is often the moderator of those broadcasts' Met Opera Quiz.

</doc>
<doc id="19614737" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19614737" title="Victor Bădulescu">
Victor Bădulescu

Victor Bădulescu (July 28, 1892 –December 1953 or January 1954) was a Romanian economist.
Born in Găeşti, Bădulescu was undersecretary of the Ministry of Finance of Romania from February 7, 1935 to August 29, 1936, when he was appointed secretary general al the Ministry of Foreign Affairs.
In 1945 he was elected corresponding member of the Romanian Academy, being expelled in 1948. After being arrested by the Communist authorities, he died in Sighet prison in December 1953 or January 1954.

</doc>
<doc id="19614746" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19614746" title="Colin Brumby">
Colin Brumby

Colin Brumby (born 18 June 1933) is an Australian composer and conductor.
Biography.
He was born in Melbourne and studied at the University of Melbourne Conservatorium of Music, from which he graduated in 1957. He went to Spain to study advanced composition with Philipp Jarnach, and to London to study with Alexander Goehr. On his return to Australia, he joined the staff of the Music Department at the University of Queensland, and has been based in Brisbane ever since. He became Associate Professor with the University of Queensland, from which he retired in 1998.
Brumby was Musical Director of the Queensland Opera Company from 1968 to 1971. While there, he conducted the Australian premieres of works such as Joseph Haydn's "L'infedeltà delusa" and Georges Bizet's "Le docteur Miracle". He also wrote a series of children's operettas. These toured throughout Queensland by the Queensland Opera Company. 
In 1969 he won the Albert H. Maggs Composition Award. In 1971, he received his Doctorate of Music from the University of Melbourne. In 1972 he returned overseas to study composition with Franco Evangelisti in Rome. After his return to Australia, Musica Viva Australia commissioned Brumby to compose a work for the 1974 tour of the Academy of St Martin in the Fields. This was "The Phoenix and the Turtle" for string orchestra and harpsichord. 
In 1981 Brumby was awarded an Advance Australia Award for services to music. 
Brumby's music includes operas; concerti for flute, oboe, clarinet, bassoon, horn, trumpet, piano, violin, viola, and guitar; two symphonies; orchestral suites and overtures; chamber works; sonatas for flute, clarinet and bassoon; incidental music for dramatic presentations; film and ballet scores; and songs.
His wife Jenny Dawson has contributed libretti for some of his operettas.

</doc>
<doc id="19614756" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19614756" title="List of Canadian records in swimming">
List of Canadian records in swimming

This is a list of national swimming records for Canada. They are the fastest time ever recorded in each event by a swimmer representing Canada.
These records are kept by Swimming Canada and can be found online here: 

</doc>
<doc id="19614758" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19614758" title="List of American spies">
List of American spies

This is a list of spies who engaged in direct espionage. It includes Americans spying against their own country and people spying on behalf of America.

</doc>
<doc id="19614764" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19614764" title="Alabama State Bar">
Alabama State Bar

The Alabama State Bar is the integrated (mandatory) bar association of the U.S. state of Alabama.
The Alabama State Bar was established in 1923 and is governed by the 1975 Alabama Code, Section 34 Chapter 3.
It is the "licensing and regulatory agency for attorneys in the State of Alabama, subject to Rules of the Alabama Supreme Court" and "has jurisdiction over the conduct of all attorneys and is charged with stimulating interest in improving the administration of justice." The Bar also administers the state bar examination for those seeking to be admitted to the Bar in Alabama. 
The governing body of the State Bar is a Board of Commissioners. The Board is composed of at least one elected representative from each of Alabama's 41 judicial circuits. One additional Commissioner is elected for each 300 members of the State Bar in a circuit "who maintain their principal office in the circuit as of March of each year, subject to the requirement that no circuit is entitled to more than ten Commissioners."
The Alabama State Bar is dedicated to promoting the professional responsibility and competence of its members, improving the administration of justice and increasing the public understanding of and respect for the law. 
The values that guide the State Bar are: Trust, Integrity and Service. The ASB has long served a dual role as an advocate for the profession and for the public. Often it is difficult to separate these two responsibilities, but during the last few decades with the growing complexity of society and our legal system, the ASB's public role has gained both emphasis and breadth.
Since its creation as an integrated bar association, the ASB has initiated programs addressing a wide range of public concerns; from merit selection of judges to securing adequate funding for representing indigent defendants; from ensuring that non-lawyers sit on disciplinary panels to encouraging the use of mediation as an alternative method of dispute resolution. State Bar positions play an influential role in determining public and social policy in state and national forums.
The Alabama State Bar is composed principally of practicing attorneys, judges, law teachers, and non-practicing lawyers who are business executives, government officials, court administrators and so forth. It represents practitioners in specialized areas of law, as well as affiliated, law-related organizations and groups with special interests or needs.
The state bar serves as the voice of the legal practitioner in Alabama. It proposes model rules of professional responsibility (which govern the daily business and ethical practice of lawyers) for adoption by the supreme court.
History and characteristics.
A meeting prior to the formation of a bar association of Alabama was held in Montgomery on December 13, 1878. Afterwards, on January 15, 1879, delegates from the bar of each county met at a preliminary conference in the Hall of the House of Representatives for organizing the State Bar Association. At this conference, ending January 20, 1879, the constitution and by-laws of the Alabama State Bar Association were adopted and officers elected to serve until the first annual meeting set for the first Tuesday in December 1879. 
W. L. Bragg of Montgomery wass elected the first president of the Alabama State Bar Association. Thus, the state bar was founded and on February 12, 1879, an Act incorporating the Alabama State Bar Association was approved by the governor.
On December 4, 1879, the first annual meeting of the bar was held in Montgomery and E. W. Pettus of Dallas County was elected president. At the suggestion of Thomas Goode Jones of Montgomery, at the annual meeting in 1881, a committee was created and charged with the responsibility of adopting a code of legal ethics for the bar, the first code of legal ethics in the country. The Alabama Code of Ethics was adopted by the bar at its annual meeting in 1887 and was the foundation of the canons of ethics adopted by the American Bar Association.
The state bar, as a voluntary body, continued in its efforts toward the improvement of the legal profession, but it was not until August 9, 1923, that the efforts of the bar culminated in the approval of an Act of the Alabama Legislature providing for the organization, regulation and government of the Alabama State Bar, thereby creating an "integrated bar" as we now know it.
As a result of this Act, the first meeting of the Alabama State Bar Commission was held on January 8, 1924, when the Board of Commissioners appointed the first Board of Examiners and adopted rules regulating requirements for admission to practice law and governing the conduct of attorneys in Alabama.
In 1923, the Legislature passed legislation integrating the Alabama State Bar Association
with state government. Integration made membership in a traditionally voluntary association mandatory, thereby allowing the Alabama Supreme Court to better regulate the legal profession. 
The state bar's enabling legislation appears in §§34-3-1 through 88, Code of Alabama
(1975). Under this chapter and rules of the supreme court, the state bar serves a dual role. First, the state bar is the licensing and regulatory agency for lawyers in Alabama. The state bar protects the public by ensuring that lawyers who are granted licenses are not only minimally competent to practice law but also abide by the profession's ethical standards. Second, the state bar is a private association with responsibilities largely of a service nature, e.g. education, publications and improvement of the administration of justice. These activities benefit the legal profession as well as the general public. 
The state bar is unlike a traditional state agency which ordinarily operates under the executive branch of government. The Supreme Court has duly noted that "members of the bar of Alabama are members of a private incorporated association." 
State bar members are officers of the court irrespective of the fact that the state bar was created under the aegis of legislation. The state bar is self-funded through license fees and dues paid by its members.
Although the bar is subject to certain legislative controls relating to its fiscal operations, the Board of Bar Commissioners exercises a judicial function under state law in administering the supreme court's rules and is subject to its oversight. 
For this reason, the Board of Bar Commissioners is an arm of the court. As an arm of the court, the commission's employees are non-merit employees, as are employees of the judicial branch, fulfilling responsibilities entrusted to the commission by the supreme court. 
Membership in the state bar is open to lawyers admitted to practice and in good standing before the bar of Alabama as well as to members of the profession in good standing in any other state.
Approximately 25 percent of all ASB members, not counting law students, are 36 years of age or younger. The Alabama State Bar’s influence today stems from both the number and diversity of its membership. Association members represent all lawyers admitted to practice in Alabama.
Structure.
Board of Bar Commissioners.
At the present time, the Board of Bar Commissioners is composed of 72 members. A simple representational formula allows many diverse associations of lawyers within the state to be represented in this forum.
The Executive Council.
The Executive Council is composed of the President, President-elect, Vice President, Secretary/Executive Director, and three members-at-large chosen from the Board of Bar Commissioners. The immediate past president is also a member of this body. All officers are elected to serve one-year terms.
The President.
The President serves for one Association year which begins at the close of the annual meeting (held each year in mid-July). The president and his or her designee is the official spokesperson in expressing policy of the Association as determined by the Board of Bar Commissioners. Unless otherwise provided, the president appoints the chairs and members of standing committees and task forces of the ASB.
The President-Elect.
The President-Elect serves a term of one Association year and performs such other duties as the president may assign, or the duties of the president, should the president become disabled and unable to perform the duties of office.
Sections, Committees, and Task Forces.
The Association's current structure includes 21 
specialized substantive law sections, 23 standing committees and five task forces. These groups publish material dealing with their field of expertise, much of which is not available through commercial publishers. These units also sponsor conferences, seminars and institutes, monitor legislation, conduct studies and may make policy recommendations to the Board of Bar Commissioners.
Sections.
Sections range in size from approximately 20 members to more than 1,000 members. Each section draws its membership from lawyers or judges with common professional interests. They operate much like "mini bar associations" with their own officers, dues schedule and committees. They address professional development, improvement of laws and continuing education in a variety of substantive law fields. The sections can and do have sub-committees which tackle specialized single legal issues that may be part of the overall Section jurisdiction. Standing Committees and Task Forces have smaller memberships, and generally focus on specific assignments or narrower issues.
Offices.
The Alabama State Bar is headquartered at 415 Dexter Avenue in Montgomery. 
In 1964, pledges and donations by bar members made for a debt-free bar headquarters building with paid-for furnishings. The original building contained six offices, a library, an assembly room, and a membership file room, plus a print shop added in 1969. By 1980, the bar had outgrown the Dexter Avenue headquarters. Another building was purchased and furnished, again with donations by bar members. 
The building, located at 1019 South Perry Street, across from the Governor's Mansion, was the home of the bar's Center for Professional Responsibility.
In the fall of 1992, work was completed on a $3.5 million addition to the bar headquarters building. Member donations covered a little more than a third of the cost. The addition provided , including space for the Center for Professional Responsibility. The original headquarters building was also refurbished and included an office for the state bar president and three conference rooms that are used by state bar committees or can be reserved for use by state bar members. 
A portion of the previously unoccupied third floor of the bar addition was built out in 1999 to add office space for several of the bar’s newest programs. Also, a state-of-the-art video conference room was added on the third floor, and is available for use by bar committees and sections. Attorneys may use this facility for client teleconferences and tele-depositions for a reasonable charge. A major refurbishment of the first and second floors of the facility was completed in 2002 with the addition of more parking across the street from the bar center. In 2008, additional office space was created on the third floor as part of a $626,000 build-out of that floor and renovations for the first and second floors. 
The State Bar Center features various public recognitions of lawyers, judges and non-lawyers illustrating dedicated service to the profession, judicial excellence and the public service character of the legal profession. It is decorated with original works of art created by such prominent Alabama artists as Jake Waggoner, Barbara Gallagher, Russ Baxley, Roger Brown, and Nall, to cite a few examples. 
The annual budget of the Association is approximately $6 million. No tax dollars are used to support bar activities. All practicing attorneys pay an annual license fee, which goes into a special trust fund. From this trust fund the Legislature makes an appropriation for the use of the Alabama State Bar.

</doc>
<doc id="19614794" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19614794" title="Ifil">
Ifil

Ifil is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="19614826" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19614826" title="Justus Thigpen">
Justus Thigpen

Justus Thigpen (born August 13, 1947) is an American former professional basketball player.
Thigpen was selected by the San Diego Rockets in the 11th round of the 1969 NBA Draft. 
Thigpen played for the following teams: Pittsburgh Pipers (1969–70 ABA season), Detroit Pistons (1972–73 NBA season), and Kansas City-Omaha Kings (1973–74 NBA season).
A 6'1" guard, Thigpen played college basketball at the Weber State University.

</doc>
<doc id="19614831" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19614831" title="Steve Kiefer">
Steve Kiefer

Steven George Kiefer (born October 18, 1960) is a former Major League Baseball third baseman. He played in parts of six seasons in the major leagues from until . Most of his career-best totals were set in while playing for the Milwaukee Brewers.
Steve's brother is former major league pitcher Mark Kiefer.

</doc>
<doc id="19614832" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19614832" title="Bonnet Island">
Bonnet Island

Bonnet Island is a low island with an area of 2.21 ha in south-eastern Australia. It lies at the entrance to Macquarie Harbour in western Tasmania.
From November 2009 it is being open up to tourists.
Fauna.
About 250 pairs of Little Penguin breed on the island. Other species present include the Metallic Skink and Short-tailed Shearwaters.

</doc>
<doc id="19614836" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19614836" title="Ifill">
Ifill

Ifill is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="19614860" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19614860" title="Us Against the World (Westlife song)">
Us Against the World (Westlife song)

"Us Against The World" is a song by Irish boyband Westlife from their ninth studio album, "Back Home". The song was released as the album's second single in both Ireland and the United Kingdom, in March 3, 2008. The song was composed by Arnthor Birgisson, Rami Yacoub and Savan Kotecha. A music video for the song was filmed in December 2007 and premiered in February 14, 2008.
Tours performed at.
Back Home Tour (2008)
Background.
The song was composed by Arnthor Birgisson, Rami Yacoub and Savan Kotecha, who also co-wrote numerous tracks on the "Back Home" album, namely "Something Right", "The Easy Way", and "Pictures In My Head". The single was officially confirmed by band member Nicky Byrne during an X Factor interview, which later appeared on the band's official website. "Us Against The World" was also dedicated to Westlife's fans worldwide to mark their continuous support. The band gave their first live performance of "Us Against The World" on the TV special "The Westlife Show - Live", which was broadcast on December 15, 2007. In the Philippines, both song and music video premiered on July 3, 2008, the band's anniversary date.
Reception.
"Digital Spy" Alex Fletcher rated the album and said: "Westlife have claimed that 'Us Against The World' is the best track on their recent Back Home album, so, if nothing else, we should be grateful that the record company chose to release this rather than one of the tracks the soppy Irish warblers weren't as impressed with. Written about a relationship where the couple find themselves fighting "against the world" to stay together, it's the usual cliché-riddled, down-tempo chugger that the guys have been churning out for nearly ten years now. Knocking Westlife is an utterly futile endeavour. Millions have tried, but several million more keep on buying the records. If you love Mark's falsetto, Shane's dulcet tones, Kian's cheeky grin and Nicky's stubble, you'll doubtless be popping this on your stereo come Valentine's Day. On the other hand, if you'd rather shove your head down a toilet seat used by the entire England rugby team than hear another glossy, schmaltzy three minutes of their Louis Walsh-approved fluff, we'd advise you to steer well clear. This is regulation Westlife that only adds to the argument that the stool-occupying unit-shifters could be replaced by attractive robots without anyone really noticing."
Music video.
The band announced through their official website that the video began shoot on December 4, 2007. The music video marks a major milestone in the band's decade of music. The video premiered on February 14, while the single was released on 3 March 2008. The initial video, which featured both the lads and their loved ones, was shot at the Twickenham Rugby Stadium in London over a two day span. Louis Walsh, the band's manager, had a cameo role in it. However, the band had a reshoot of the music video due to Simon Cowell's disapproval of the initial video outcome. This might have caused the release date to be pushed back to March 3 from the initial February 25. The video shows the band walking through a staged red carpet segment, inside the backseat of a moving car, spending time with their loved ones along with photos and videos of their past decade. Noticeably absent from the video though is Mark's partner Kevin. No explanation was ever offered as to why he was not included in the final video. Former Westlife member Brian McFadden appears in archive footage.
Release and Chart Performance.
Prior to its physical release, the song managed to peak at #40 on the UK Official Singles Chart and at #27 on the Official Irish Singles Chart based on downloads alone. On March 3, 2008, the single was released in its physical format, climbing 32 spots to peak at #8 on the UK Singles Chart and at #6 on the Irish Singles Chart. A live version of the single was also made available for download. This marks the first time in Westlife's history that a single has not been able to reach the top 5 in Ireland, making "Us Against The World" the band's lowest charting single to date. The single peaked also at #14 on UK TV Airplay Chart and #24 on UK Radio Airplay Chart. The song peaked at #8 in the Official UK top 40. Many fans have blamed the record label, Sony BMG, for putting the song up for download 2 weeks prior to the physical release of the single as well as choosing to release it during the Back Home Tour, thus resulting in inadequate single promotion. A similar situation occurred back in 2002 when "Bop Bop Baby" was released while the band was on tour. On May 4, 2008, the song managed to re-enter the UK Singles Chart at #74. This is believed to be due to a performance from the group on the live final of "Britain's Got Talent". The single peaked at #1 on several radio charts in Ireland, UK, Vietnam, South Africa, and The Philippines, #2 in Thailand, #7 in Indonesia, #20 in Sweden, #22 in Russia. The song also entered the UK and Irish iTunes Top Songs and Top Music video Charts. The music video peaked on the MTV Asia Chart Attack Top 20 show at #16.

</doc>
<doc id="19614862" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19614862" title="Amber Kole">
Amber Kole

Amber Kole (née: Wehrle) (born July 2, 1986 in St. Louis) is a retired American pair skater. She competed with partner Nicholas Kole at the Senior level. They placed 16th at the 2007 U.S. Figure Skating Championships and 13th at the 2008 U.S. Figure Skating Championships. They won the silver medal at the 2008 Midwestern Sectional Championships, a qualifying competition for the national championships. 
Wehrle happened upon Figure Skating when she was uninvited to a friends birthday party at the age of 9, her mother took her Ice Skating to cheer her up.
Nicholas Kole and Wehrle were married on May 28, 2009. She uses her married name competitively Kole and Kole retired from competitive skating in November 2009 following the 2010 Midwestern Sectional Championships.
She and husband Nicholas Kole currently coach at South Suburban Ice Arena in Littleton, CO. She is the owner and creator of http://pantsbyamber.com/

</doc>
<doc id="19614897" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19614897" title="1992 Atlanta Falcons season">
1992 Atlanta Falcons season

The Atlanta Falcons season was the team's 27th season in the National Football League. Atlanta played its first season in the Georgia Dome, after having played their first 26 seasons at Fulton County Stadium. The Falcons were unable to match their previous season's output of 10–6 and failed to reach the playoffs. 
Atlanta was statistically one of the worst defenses in the NFL in 1992. They were the league's worst team in points allowed (414), total yards allowed (5,549), yards per play (5.9), rushing yards allowed (2,294), and yards per rushing attempt (4.9).

</doc>
<doc id="19614912" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19614912" title="Ermineskin Cree Nation">
Ermineskin Cree Nation

Ermineskin Cree Nation, also known as the Ermineskin Tribe, is a band government in Alberta, Canada, a western branch of the large Cree Nation, and a Treaty 6 nation.
As of 2008, there are 3,758 registered Ermineskin Cree, of which 2,606 were living on reserve.
The Ermineskin Cree Nations two reserves (around Maskwacis, Alberta) total about 22,512 hectares and lived in an area around Pigeon Lake and the Bear Hills (known in Cree as "Maskwacheesihkare"). Therefore they were called "Maskwa Wachi-is Ininiwak", "Maskwacheesihk Wiyiniwak" or "Amiskwacīwiyiniwak", meaning Bear Hills Cree. While the Ermineskin traditional territory includes the reserve lands, the reserve was formally established in 1885. The land houses substantial oil and gas deposits, agricultural land, and waterfront access to Pigeon Lake. The Canadian Pacific railway line runs through the reserve.
The First Nation took its name from Ermineskin (‘One with the skin like an ermine’, Sehkosowayanew, Sikosew Inew, also known as "Baptiste Piche"), Chief of the Bear Hills Cree. He was the son of Peechee ("Pesew"- ‘Mountain Lion’, also known as "Louis Piche"), Chief of the Asini Wachi Nehiyawak (Cree groups of the Rocky/Mountain Cree) and later head chief of the 'Rocky/Mountain Cree' ("Asini Wachi Wi Iniwak" or "Asinīskāwiyiniwak") and also brother-in-law of Pitikwahanapiwiyin (′Poundmaker′), Chief of the River Cree ("Sipi Wi Iniwak" or "Sīpīwininiwak"). Ermineskin was the older brother of the well-known Keskayiwew ("Kiskiyew", "Kiskiyo" - Bobtail, also known as "Alexis Piche"), who became Chief of the Bear Hills Cree after the death of Ermineskin and was elected instead of Maskepetoon ('Broken Arm') to the chieftainship of the Rocky Cree ("Asini Wachi Wi Iniwak" or "Asinīskāwiyiniwak") and became later head chief of the Western Cree (‘Pakisimotan Wi Iniwak’) and soon after head chief of all the groups of the Upstream People ("Natimiw Iyiniwak" or "Natimiyininiwak").
Indian Reserves.
There are two Indian reserves under the governance of the band:
Pigeon Lake IR No. 138A is shared with three other governments, the Samson First Nation, the Louis Bull First Nation and the Montana First Nation.

</doc>
<doc id="19614920" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19614920" title="Sardaryab">
Sardaryab

Sardaryab is a local tourist and picnic spot near Peshawar, Pakistan. It is situated in the Charsadda District and located on the banks of the Kabul river some 20 kilometres north on Peshawar Road. It is a popular site for tourists from All Pakistan Peshawar and Charsadda, especially noted for eat of fresh fish.

</doc>
<doc id="19614950" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19614950" title="Sir Charles Mills, 1st Baronet">
Sir Charles Mills, 1st Baronet

Sir Charles Mills, 1st Baronet (23 January 1792 – 4 October 1872) was a British banker and member of the Council of India.
Born at Popes, Hatfield, he was the third son of William Mills, a director of the Honourable East India Company, and the younger brother of John Mills.
Like his father, he was connected with the banking firm of Glyn, Mills and Company, in conjunction with Sir Richard Glyn, 1st Baronet and later his son Lord Wolverton and grandson George Grenfell Glyn.
On 28 August 1822, he was appointed a director of the East India Company, retaining the post until 1858. Upon the liquidation of the Company by the Government of India Act 1858, he was appointed to the Council of India, acting as a financial adviser to the Secretary of State for India until resigning in 1868. He was created a baronet, of Hillingdon Court, Middlesex, on 17 November 1868, for his services on the council.
In 1825, he married Emily Cox, daughter of the banker Richard Henry Cox, of Hillingdon House, Middlesex. Sir Charles had Hillingdon Court built nearby to serve as the Mills family home. Their son Charles Henry followed his father into banking and was later raised to the Peerage as Baron Hillingdon. He died in 1872 at Hillingdon Court, having acquired a large estate there.

</doc>
<doc id="19614951" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19614951" title="Bomber Girl">
Bomber Girl

The series is about , a bounty hunter who uses her sex appeal to defeat enemies. is a police officer who initially opposes Emi's methods.
In Japan it was published in "Weekly Shōnen Jump" by Shueisha's Jump Comics division. The series was published by Gutsoon Entertainment in the United States.
Reception.
The series received very negative reviews from Anime News Network. John Jakala said that the first instalment of the series was okay, but the second was even more amateur. He referred to a car panel as it looked like something an elementary school child would draw in the margins of his math notebook. He also noted that he does not want to pay for work of such unprofessional quality. He cast his vote against "Bomber Girl" on an online survey. John Jakala continuously made fun of the series in the later reviews.

</doc>
<doc id="19614956" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19614956" title="Nissan Gloria Y31">
Nissan Gloria Y31

The Nissan Gloria Y31 is a large automobile, the original version built from late 1987 through 1991 available in either Sedan or Hardtop guises.
Y31.
June 1987 saw a special-edition Gloria built for parade usage. The sedan remains with unchanged body appearance and is still in production currently. Private Glorias are now only available in 4-door hardtop guise. Engines available continue to be the newly developed VG series engine, with the VG20DET adding DOHC, another first for Nissan.
The 4-speed automatic transmission is now computer controlled for smoother shifts. The transmission now exclusively uses a floor mounted gearshifter, and a 5-speed manual transmission is still available. The rear suspension was upgraded to multi-link independent setup.Trim levels start with the VIP Brougham, Gran Tourismo, Classic SV, Classic and Super Custom. The Gran Turismo received more sport-oriented styling, adding a youthful appearance, which found new, younger, buyers.
The Gloria competed for buyers with related Nissan vehicles that shared platforms used for the Gloria, specifically, the Nissan Cima, Nissan Leopard and the Nissan Cedric, as well as other sport oriented vehicles, such as the Nissan Cefiro, Nissan Skyline and Nissan Laurel.
The sporty GranTurismo SV version, discontinued in 1991, had short bumpers with a body kit, and was powered by 1998cc VG20DET engine. The Sedan version of the Y31 was rebodied at the launch of the Y32. The Gloria is mechanically related to the Crew, although the former is larger.
The Gloria Y31 can be distinguished from its sibling, the Nissan Cedric Y31 by the taillights.
Specifications.
Trim levels are standard, Custom, Super Custom, Classic, Classic SV, and Brougham VIP. There was also a long wheelbase model built by Autech.
Ads.
The Nissan Gloria Y31, from 1988 onwards, featured in TV ads in Japan featuring the song Longer by Dan Fogelberg.

</doc>
<doc id="19614962" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19614962" title="Fairview Outdoor School">
Fairview Outdoor School

Claud E. Kitchens Outdoor School at Fairview, formerly known as Fairview Outdoor School and Fairview Outdoor Education Center, is a public school located between Clear Spring and Hancock in western Washington County, Maryland, United States. The school was built in 1979 and serves students in the Washington County Public Schools system as a facility to promote environmental awareness.
The school was renamed as of 09 December 2008 to honor the late former Washington County Public Schools superintendent Claud E. Kitchens, who oversaw the construction of the facility.

</doc>
<doc id="19614986" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19614986" title="Archangel ivory">
Archangel ivory

The Archangel ivory is the largest surviving Byzantine ivory panel, now in the British Museum. Dated to the early 6th century, it depicts an archangel holding a sceptre and imperial orb.
Description.
The archangel is usually identified as Michael, and the panel is assumed to have formed the right part of a diptych, with the lost left half possibly depicting Emperor Justinian (reigned 527–565), to whom the archangel would be offering the insignia of imperial power. The panel is the largest single piece of carved Byzantine ivory that survives, at 42.9 × 14.3 cm (16 7/8 × 5 5/8 in). It is, along with the Barberini ivory, one of two important surviving 6th-century Byzantine ivories attributed to the imperial workshops of Constantinople under Justinian, although the attribution is mostly assumed due to the size and craftsmanship.
The figure is depicted in a highly classical style, wearing Greek or Roman garb and with a youthful face and proportions conforming to the ideals of classical sculpture. The architectural space, however, is more typically Byzantine in its bending of spatial logic: the archangel's feet are at the top of a staircase that recedes from the base of the columns, but his arms and wings are in front of the columns. The feet are also not firmly planted on the steps.
There is a Greek inscription at the top, translated variously. Translated as "Receive this suppliant, despite his sinfulness", it might be an expression of humility on the part of Justinian. Interpreted as the beginning of an inscription that continues on the lost second panel, it may read, "Receive these gifts, and having learned the cause...".

</doc>
<doc id="19615017" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19615017" title="Mirko Murovic">
Mirko Murovic

Mirko Murovic (born February 2, 1981 in Montreal, Quebec) is a left winger of Croatian ancestry for HC Ambri-Piotta of the National League A.

</doc>
<doc id="19615019" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19615019" title="Makoto Niwano">
Makoto Niwano


</doc>
<doc id="19615020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19615020" title="Rhythm &amp; Romance (Kenny G album)">
Rhythm &amp; Romance (Kenny G album)

Rhythm & Romance is the ninth studio album by Kenny G.

</doc>
<doc id="19615031" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19615031" title="Bullaring, Western Australia">
Bullaring, Western Australia

Bullaring is a small town located in the Wheatbelt region of Western Australia.
The townsite was gazetted in 1914 and is situated along the railway line between Corrigin and Wickepin.
The name is Aboriginal in origin and comes from the name of a spring that is found close to town, but the meaning of the word is unknown. 
The main industry in town is wheat farming with the town being a Cooperative Bulk Handling receival site.

</doc>
<doc id="19615083" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19615083" title="Bulgisan">
Bulgisan

Bulgisan is a mountain in Gyeonggi-do, South Korea. The mountain sits in Gapyeong County. Bulgisan has an elevation of .

</doc>
<doc id="19615095" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19615095" title="Trevor Meier">
Trevor Meier

Trevor Meier (born July 7, 1973 in Oakville, Ontario, Canada) is a retired ice hockey left winger. He has dual-citizenship with Canada and Switzerland.
Trevor grew up in Burlington, Ontario, Canada playing for the local rep hockey system until he decided to play hockey for Nelson High School at the age of 16. In the summer of 1992 he had an open "free-skate" tryout with the coach of Herisau SC in Switzerland who, impressed with his skill, invited him over to play in the Swiss B league. After a successful first year in Herisau, he signed with SC Bern in 1993 and competed in the Swiss Nationalliga A for the rest of his career. He played for SC Bern (NLA Champion 1997, 2010), HC Lugano (NLA Champion 1999), SC Lausanne, SC Langnau, EV Zug, and HC Ambri-Piotta.

</doc>
<doc id="19615104" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19615104" title="Bob Krause (athletic director)">
Bob Krause (athletic director)

Bob Krause (born September 12, 1945) was the athletic director at Kansas State University from 2008 to 2009. He announced his resignation on March 31, 2009. He was replaced by John Currie.
Education.
Krause received a bachelor's degree in art education and art from Western Illinois University in 1967, and his master's in college student personnel work from Michigan State University in 1968.
Minnesota.
From 1975 to 1983, Krause served as vice president for student affairs at Southwest State University in Minnesota. He then became director of student affairs in the Minnesota State Colleges and Universities System from 1983 to 1986. While there, he coordinated policy and program development for seven state universities enrolling more than 51,000 students.
Kansas State.
Krause was hired as co-athletic director (with Jim Epps) on June 6, 2008 to replace Tim Weiser, who left to become the deputy director of the Big 12 Conference. Krause was the 14th athletic director at Kansas State. In his 11 months at the helm of the athletic department, his most notable act as athletic director was offering a contract extension and larger buyout for football coach Ron Prince, who was fired four months later.
Krause resigned from his position on January 27, 2009, effective March 31, 2009, due to controversy involving a $2 million settlement award to former athletic director Tim Weiser. Weiser left K-State in part because he refused a raise and increased buyout for Prince.
Krause became director of development for the K-State Olathe Innovation Campus. However, due to an alleged secret negoiation of a deferred compensation agreement with former head coach Ron Prince, Kansas State President Jon Wefald requested, and received, Krause's resignation.
Prince buyout.
On May 20, 2009, Kansas State University and its athletic corporation filed suit to have a secret agreement between Prince and former Athletic Director Bob Krause declared invalid. Krause had earlier entered into the agreement with Prince's attorney, Ohio sports agent Neil Cornrich, to pay a total of $3.2 million in three deferred payments to a corporation set up for Prince, In Pursuit of Perfection, LLC. The payments are scheduled to be made in 2015, 2016 and 2020.
Prince had signed a five-year contract extension in August 2008, and the "secret" agreement called for the additional payout if he was terminated before Dec. 31, 2008.
K-State President Jon Wefald denied any knowledge of this secret transaction and immediately called for Krause to resign as director of economic development for the K-State Olathe Innovation Campus, which he did, effective on May 20, 2009.
The secret deal was "discovered" on May 11, 2009 as the university responded to "routine informational requests" for a lawsuit involving a former defensive coordinator Tim Tibesar.
K-State's interim Athletic Director Jim Epps stated:
"On May 11, 2009, I learned of a secret deferred compensation agreement that Bob Krause apparently negotiated with Ron Prince's attorney. This alleged deal was made without the knowledge of anyone else in the athletics department, including its attorney. This deal was apparently constructed as a further supplement to the buyout provision contained in Prince's employment contract. I do not know why any additional supplement was justified, or why Bob Krause concealed this agreement from everyone until it was inadvertently discovered last week." He added, "I do not believe that this agreement is valid, and the athletics department will vigorously fight any attempt to enforce it."
On August 10, 2009 attorneys for Prince filed a counterclaim against Kansas State Athletics seeking $3 million in punitive damages. The filings claim that Wefald and other high-ranking members of the athletic department were aware of the buyout. The claim also contended that Krause directed the department's attorney to reword the public contract to allow for the confidential buyout.
Kansas State University announced on May 6, 2011 that an agreement for settlement between Prince and K-State Athletics, Inc. and the University had been reached. K-State Athletics, Inc. will pay one lump sum of $1.65 million to Prince. K-State President Kirk Schulz stated: "We are pleased to have this matter resolved. We appreciate the work that our University counsel has provided during this process and can now maintain focus on moving forward as a University community." K-State Athletics, Inc. reported paying $395,000 in external legal fees during the dispute. The University made the agreement public as a news release and was bound to provide this statement: "Neither the University nor K-State Athletics contends or believes that in negotiating his employment agreement or the MOU, Coach Prince engaged in any wrongful or unethical conduct. Discovery has demonstrated that this situation was not of Coach Prince’s making."
Family.
Krause is married to Martha Ann Vanier, a member of the Vanier family based in Salina, Kansas, one of the state's wealthiest families. Krause has three daughters from a previous marriage.

</doc>
<doc id="19615108" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19615108" title="DevMaster.net">
DevMaster.net

DevMaster.net is a website dedicated to game development, founded by Dia Kharrat in April, 2003. Since then, it has, like GameDev.net, become one of the leading sources of news and information for game developers, especially hobbyist and independent developers. The site is best known for its Game and Graphics Engines Database. However, it also provides a full complement of news and information for the game developer community, including daily news, forums, wiki, articles, tutorials, job listings, and an integrated (web-based) Internet Relay Chat client for real-time discussions.
Popularity.
According to Alexa, DevMaster.net is the 4th most popular website for Game Programming (or Game Development), ranked right after Gamasutra, GameDev.net, and GarageGames. It is the sole featured listing on Open Directory (dmoz) for 3D game programming
, and is the first site listed for additional information on GameDev.net's Game Development Wiki.
, reference the DevMaster.net 3D Game and Graphics Engines Database.
3D Game and Graphics Engines Database.
DevMaster.net's 3D Game and Graphics Engines Database, also known as the 3D Engines Databases, is the most comprehensive web directory and product ranking site for 3D Engines - covering full-featured game engines, toolsets, and libraries as well as more general purpose3D graphics engines libraries (or APIs). 
DevMaster.net created this engine database, initially known as the "3D Engines Database," on August 6, 2006. It was based on the 3dengines.net engine database, founded by 3D engine expert Alexey Busygin. The 3dengines.net engine database was merged into DevMaster.net's database the following month, with 3dengines.net founder Alexey Busygin becoming the new editor for the combined database.
Unlike GameDeveloperTools.com - which covers a broader range of game development-related products, also including related Tools (such Game development tools), modeling tools, and other Digital Content Creation Tools), Middleware (e.g. for Physics and AI), and Books - DevMaster.net's database focuses exclusively on Game Engines and 3D Graphics Engines (aka. Libraries or APIs).
Daily Information.
DevMaster.net allows users to submit news announcements, code gems (coding tips and examples), and images (screenshots of games, tools, and 3D rendering techniques). New features images often appearing every several days, and new code gems averaging about one or two per month. posted, on average, closer to once or twice per month. However, submissions for news, images, and code gems are reviewed daily, hence their description as "The Daily Code Gem" and "The Daily Featured Image" on DevMaster.net home page.
Hosted Sites.
Similar to GameDev.net, DevMaster.net offers hosting services for sub-sites with their own subdomain at DevMaster.net. Currently, there is only one site, Tripple Buffer Software team. Subsites are offered their own forums under the Hosted Sites forum group on the main DevMaster.net site.
DmWiki.
DevMaster.net hosts DmWiki as an open, community-driven repository of information for game developers. It specializes in offering information for new teams and developers looking to get started, but also covers tutorials and other more advanced or specialized topics. More complete, peer reviewed articles and tutorials can be found in their Articles/Tutorials section.

</doc>
<doc id="19615112" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19615112" title="USS Yuma (YTM-748)">
USS Yuma (YTM-748)

The third USS "Yuma" (YTM-748) was a medium harbor tug that served in the United States Navy from 1964 to 1976.
"Yuma" was built at San Diego, California, by National Steel and Shipbuilding Company (NASSCO), for the United States Army, which took delivery of her in 1954, and designated her "large tug" "LT-2078". The U.S. Navy acquired "LT-2078" from the Army in September 1964. The Navy classified her as a medium harbor tug, designated her YTM-748, and commissioned her as USS "Yuma".
"Yuma" was assigned to the 12th Naval District and served as a harbor tug at San Francisco, California, until placed out of service in August 1976. She was then assigned to the Pacific Reserve Fleet and berthed at Bremerton, Washington. She was sold for scrapping on 17 March 1987.
Shipbuildinghistory.com: National Steel and Shipbuilding Company (NASSCO), San Diego CA claims that "Yuma" "later" served under the name "Delaware" and "now' is named "Mobile Point", but no information is available with which to explain at what point in her life and under what circumstances this happened, or to explain the discrepancy between this assertion and the Naval Vessel Register report that the tug was sold for scrapping in 1987. She may have been sold for scrapping, but then retained in commercial service instead of being scrapped. Resolution of this issue awaits further research.

</doc>
<doc id="19615122" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19615122" title="Busal">
Busal

Busal or Bosal (also written as Bosaal; ) is a village in the Mandi Bahauddin District of Punjab, Pakistan.
Geography.
Busal is located off the Gujrat-Sargodha road, south of Gojra, and is nearly from Mandi Bahauddin. Malikwal, the Tehsil headquarters, is north of Busal. Busal is located in Jech Doab (the plain between the Rivers Jhelum and Chenab). Busal consists of seven settlements: Sukkha, Masoor, Nuryana, Jand, Nakkaywala, Chhanni Hashim and Ghumnann. Sukkha and Masoor are the cultural, population, and financial centres of the Busal area.
History.
The time period at which Busal was first settled is unknown, but local legend holds that the name of the founder was Busal, who settled in the area during the reign of Mughal Emperor Jalal ud-Din Muhammad Akbar (1542-1605) and had relations with the Emperor. The Emperor gave him a large estate called Sooba Busal. Busal had three sons named Sukkha, Masoor, and Noor, for which three of the settlements are named. An irrigation department rest house was built outside Busal in 1915, and a police station was established in 1935. A system of canals and irrigation channels was built between 1910 and 1944.
Demography.
Busal has a large and fast-growing population. Due to road improvements, availability of telephone service, and establishment of new schools, people from small neighbouring villages have migrated to Busal. The number of registered voters in Busal is just below 16,000, suggesting that the total population is above 35,000.
The majority of the Busal population are Muslim belonging to Jatt clan. After independence, Muslim Rajputs migrated to Busal from the Karnal district of East Punjab (now a district in Haryana, India) and have been assimilated into the local population.
Dravidian people who have converted to Islam are called "Musalli" () or "Muslim Sheikhs". Many Musalli perform manual labour under landowners or at brick kilns, casting raw bricks from mud. Many of them are in debt, but a small percentage are educated. 
A small population of Pashtuns, mostly emigrants from Afghanistan after the Soviet war in Afghanistan (1979-1989), exists in the Busal area. A community of traditionally nomadic people, called Deendars, have converted to Islam and settled in suburban areas of Busal.
Busal has been known in the past for crime and conflict, mainly stemming from a lack of education. This has changed due to the construction of government-funded schools.
Religion.
Almost the entire population of Busal are Muslim, out of which 10–12% are Shi'a Muslims while the rest are Sunni. A Sufi saint during the British Raj, Mian Muhammad Panah, has a following in Busal and nearby villages.
Deoband madrasas are also working in Busal Sukkah.
Languages.
Punjabi, with Shahpuri dialect, is the language predominantly spoken by the people of Busal. The Rajput community speaks their native language Haryanvi, a language closely resembling Urdu. Urdu is also spoken and understood by almost entire population.
Economy.
The economy largely depends on agriculture; more than 50% of the people work in agriculture. Busal has some of the most fertile lands in Pakistan and farmers are well-off due to excellent production of cash crops like sugar cane, oranges, rice, cotton, and wheat. Other main crops are maize, sarsaun, millet, tobacco, potatoes, guava, and other vegetables.
Many people have joined the government and private service sectors, and a large number of young people are living and working abroad in the Gulf States, the United States, Australia, and Europe.
Education.
Although the literacy rate of Busal is very low by international standards, it is one of the highest in Mandi Bahauddin District. The literacy rate varies from family to family. Some people of Busal hold doctorate degrees while a large majority has never even visited a school. The literacy rate among females is low. A very good move in the direction for improvement of girls education is construction of girls degree college near Bangla Busal.
Government Higher Secondary School Busal.
Government Higher Secondary School Busal was established in 1905, offering education up to the primary level only. In 1951, with the efforts of social workers like Hakeem Ghulam Ali, the school was promoted to middle level. Ch. Batti Khan Busal, a venerated landowner, donated approximately 33 kanals of land for the project. In 1984, the school was upgraded to high school and in 1986 to intermediate level. Presently around 700 students are enrolled in the school.
Government Girls Degree college Busal Sukkah.
A big building of Government Girls Degree college Busal Sukkah under construction near bangla busal.
Recreation.
Despite of the fact that Busal is a large village, there is no recreational grounds or playground for children in or around it. Children usually use the school grounds and the graveyard for playing cricket.
A small canal passes from the east of the village and a larger one from the west side. There used to be recreational swimming in these canals, but now thanks to the villages located upstream, the canals are highly polluted and swimming is no longer an option.
Bangla Busal.
Built by the irrigation department in 1915 during the British Raj, Busal Irrigation Rest House or Bangla Busal is located approximately 2 km from Busal Masoor and Sukha. At one time it was well maintained, with a variety of flowers and trees. It also served as a large bird sanctuary. The building and grounds have fallen into disrepair due to lack of interest on the part of the irrigation department, and from people taking things to use as building materials elsewhere. This example of classical architecture has turned into ruins and requires immediate attention to preserve it as a piece of heritage.
Presently a girls degree college is under construction on a part of land of Bangla Busal.

</doc>
<doc id="19615136" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19615136" title="CKBC">
CKBC

CKBC may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19615156" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19615156" title="Thomas Maxwell Harris">
Thomas Maxwell Harris

Thomas Maxwell Harris FRS (born 8 January 1903; died 1983) was a British botanist. He received his doctorate from the University of Cambridge and was a Fellow of the Royal Society. He served as President of the Linnean Society of London from 1961 to 1964.

</doc>
<doc id="19615196" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19615196" title="Jan Alston">
Jan Alston

Jan Alston (born April 14, 1969 in Granby, Quebec) is a Canadian ice hockey centre currently playing for the HC Lausanne of the National League B.
Alston has spent his entire pro career in Europe, beginning in Italy with HC Eppan Pirates and WSV Sterzing – SSI Vipiteno Broncos before moving to Switzerland with HC Lausanne. He returned to Italy with EV MAK Bruneck and AS Varese before returning to Switzerland with spells in the Nationalliga A for EHC Biel, HC Davos and HC La Chaux-de-Fonds. He then moved to the Deutsche Eishockey Liga in Germany in 1997, playing for the Berlin Capitals and the Adler Mannheim. He moved to the ZSC Lions to 2001 and played there until 2009–2010.

</doc>
<doc id="19615207" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19615207" title="Robert Tjian">
Robert Tjian

Robert Tjian (Traditional Chinese: 錢澤南; born 1949 in Hong Kong, China) is an American biochemist best known for his work on eukaryotic transcription. He is currently Professor of Biochemistry and Molecular Biology at the University of California, Berkeley and an investigator of the Howard Hughes Medical Institute (HHMI). On April 1, 2009, Tjian became the President of HHMI. 
Biography.
Tjian was born in Hong Kong, China in 1949. Tjian's father Tjian Tze-Ning (錢子寧), a native of Shaoxing, Zhejiang, was a famous capitalist in Shanghai and pioneer of China's modern paper industry. In April 1949, Tjian's family and business all moved to Hong Kong; in 1950 moved to São Paulo, Brazil; and later settled in New Jersey, the United States. 
Tjian received a Bachelor of Arts degree from the University of California, Berkeley in 1971 and a Ph.D. degree from Harvard University in 1976. He was a postdoctoral fellow at Cold Spring Harbor Laboratory with James D. Watson for three years before returning to the University of California in 1979 when he was appointed Assistant Professor of Biochemistry. In 2008, Tjian joined the Board of Directors of the Lasker Foundation. 
In 1978, Tjian found the first protein of a virus which can regulate gene expression in mammalian cells. He showed that "activator" proteins, which previously had been shown to play crucial roles in regulating gene expression in simple organisms, also exist in higher organisms. He and his colleagues further discovered several gene-regulatory proteins.
Tjian is also notable in drug-target studies and their applications. Tjian developed some highly efficient and sensitive techniques to detect cellular quantities such as proteins. In 1989, Tjian, together with his other two colleges, co-founded Tularik Inc., a biotechnology company based in South San Francisco, California.
Tjian is also a member of the USA Science and Engineering Festival's Advisory Board.

</doc>
<doc id="19615208" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19615208" title="Chōzubachi">
Chōzubachi

A is a vessel originally designed to keep water for rinsing one’s mouth and cleansing one’s body before entering the sacred precincts of a Shinto shrine or a Buddhist temple in Japan. 
A derivative vessel is the , an important feature of the Japanese tea ceremony found within the yard surrounding the tea house.

</doc>
<doc id="19615220" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19615220" title="Swiss Cup Basel">
Swiss Cup Basel

The Swiss Cup Basel (formerly the Swiss Cup) is an annual curling tournament held in October in Basel, Switzerland. It is one of the earlier curling tournaments of the World Curling Tour season.

</doc>
<doc id="19615223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19615223" title="The Wrestler (sculpture)">
The Wrestler (sculpture)

The Wrestler is an ancient basalt statuette that is one of the most important sculptures of the Olmec culture. The near life-size figure has been praised not only for its realism and sense of energy, but also for its aesthetic qualities. Since 1964, the sculpture has been part of the collection of the Museo Nacional de Antropología in Mexico City. 
This -high Mesoamerican statuette was discovered in 1933 by a farmer in Arroyo Sonso, in the Mexican state of Veracruz near the Rio Uxpanapa and not far from its confluence with the Coatzacoalcos River, an area now known as Antonio Plaza. 
It is considered unlikely that this sculpture, also known formally as Antonio Plaza Monument 1 as well as El Luchador Olmeca (Spanish, "the Olmec wrestler") actually represents a wrestler. 
Description.
The statuette shows a seated male figure. The legs are delicate and rather diminutive, with the right leg bent in front of the body and the left folded backward, almost underneath the body. The arms are upraised and, similar to the legs, bent and asymmetrical. Both hands are clenched. In a position unusual for Olmec art, the shoulders are not situated directly above the hips, but twisted slightly to the right, giving the sculpture a sense of movement that is accentuated by the well-defined muscles and the dynamic positioning of the arms.
The head is bald, but it lacks the highly stylized cranial deformation found in many Olmec figurines or the wooden busts of El Manati. The figure wears a mustache and goatee, relatively rare features in Olmec sculpture which appear on only a few reliefs such as La Venta Monument 3.
The figure wears only a lightly outlined loincloth, leading to the supposition that the statuette originally was dressed in ritualistic clothing that has perished with the passage of time.
This sculpture is fully three-dimensional and presumed to be intended for viewing from all sides: the rear view shows carefully sculpted shoulder blades and a slight naturalistic bulge that is visible above the belt at the hips. Mary Ellen Miller finds that "the long diagonal of line of the figure's back and shoulders is as beautiful and commanding as the frontal view". The figure clearly is more free-flowing than other three-dimensional Olmec sculptures (than, for example, San Martin Pajapan Monument 1), which frequently are boxy and seemingly "confined" by the medium from which they are carved.
Subject and dating.
Despite its name, it is unlikely that the figure represents a wrestler and it is thought that the mustache and goatee connect the subject to the "political-religious hierarchy". Based on similarities with Jacques le Moyne's painting of a 16th-century Timucua ritual, art historian Roy Craven suggests that the figure is that of a shaman, although this proposal has received little notice. Based on the individuality of the piece as well as the detail inherent in the face, it is thought that the sculpture is a portrait.
Being a work of stone without archaeological context, it has been difficult to date the sculpture. While some researchers consider it an early work, dated as early as 1200 BCE, others consign it to a period closer to 400 BCE, near the end of the Olmec culture. This dating is based largely on its dissimilarities to earlier formalistic Olmec sculptures. Michael Coe simply assigns it to the period between 1500 BCE and 400 BCE.
Unusual, or a forgery?
The sculpture falls outside the norms for much of the known Olmec art:
The art historian Nancy Kelker of Middle Tennessee State University argues that a vague provenance, atypical stone, unusual carving of the back, nonstandard posture, recent publication of scholarly material on Olmec jades, and an urgent interest among Mexicans to find a myth for their origin in antiquity all suggest that it is a modern sculpture. In response to these arguments, the archaeologist Michael Coe and the art historian Mary Miller, both of Yale University, defended the sculpture as authentic, arguing that its similarity to Monument 34 from the Olmec site San Lorenzo, and the fact that we know little about Olmec art make it probable that this is an Olmec masterpiece from antiquity. At a separate time Coe stated that if Heizer felt the sculpture was a fake based on the petrographic analysis, then "something must be wrong with the petrographic analysis!". Susan Milbrath also argues against the possibility of a forgery. Milbrath maintains that its 1933 discovery, well before archaeologists defined Olmec culture or excavated Olmec sites, precludes falsification. She suggests that the "Wrestler" represents "a little known aspect of Olmec monumental art".
Appraisals.
Superlatives abound in descriptions of this sculpture by archaeologists and art historians alike. Richard Diehl says it is the "most spectacular" Olmec three-dimensional sculpture while Hugh Honour finds it "the finest of all Olmec sculptures". For Ignacio Bernal it is "one of the greatest of Olmec works of art", a thought later echoed by Michael Coe who says it is "one of the supreme examples of Olmec art" with a "feeling for individual character and for human physique could only come from long study of anatomy". 
Comparing it to other pre-Columbian art, archaeologist Mary Ellen Miller describes the "Wrestler" as "among the most powerful three-dimensional portraits of the ancient New World". 
Art historian George Kubler discerns few rivals anywhere, stating that "the spiraling motion of the body, the multiplicity of profile, the coherent muscles, and the expressive restraint of the work set it apart as among the great works of sculpture of all ages". In 1996, the government of the United Mexican States issued a one-ounce silver coin bearing the image of the sculpture on its obverse, one of six in the Olmec cultural set. 

</doc>
<doc id="19615235" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19615235" title="Anna Banti">
Anna Banti

Anna Banti (born Lucia Lopresti in Florence on June 27, 1895; died in Massa on September 2, 1985) was a novelist, art historian, and translator.
Life and works.
In youth she spent time in Rome, attending the University of Rome, and Bologna before returning permanently to Florence. At the University she received a degree in art history. Her pseudonym derived from "an exceptionally beautiful woman" she knew in her youth. She married art critic Roberto Longhi and in 1950 they founded the journal Paragone. She did several stories and works over the next decades, but she would become best known for a historical novel concerning Artemisia Gentileschi. One newspaper even headlined their report of Banti's death by saying "Addio, Artemisia." This work revived interest in Artemesia's work and life.

</doc>
<doc id="19615241" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19615241" title="Hoys Roadlines">
Hoys Roadlines

Hoys Roadlines was an Australian bus operator based in the Victorian city of Wangaratta. From 1993 until 2004 the company also had a contract to operate train services on the Shepparton line on behalf of the Victorian State Government. The company was acquired by V/Line in July 2005.
Bus services.
The company commenced operations in 1930 from Wangaratta in the north-east of Victoria, 
to Shepparton, Bright and the Mount Buffalo Chalet. The company later expanded into school bus runs, charter coaches, and Department of Infrastructure contract coach services such as the daily Albury - Adelaide service. The company begun to downsize their operations after the loss of the rail franchise, the Adelaide – Albury route operations being purchased by the Dyson Group in August 2004 and the remaining operations by B/Line in July 2005.
Rail services.
History.
In August 1993 the Kennett State Government put the operation of nine country passenger rail services to tender. Companies were invited to use trains, buses, or a combination of the two. Hoys won a seven year contract for the Melbourne to Cobram service, which ran though Shepparton.
Hoys opted to operate trains as far as Shepparton, with buses beyond. Station staff, conductors and buffet staff were employed by Hoys; but the trains themselves were operated and maintained under a lease arrangement with the then operator of the line, the Public Transport Corporation. This was in contrast to the other private company to win a contact, West Coast Railway for the Melbourne - Warrnambool service, who decided to purchase, maintain and operate their own trains.
Contracts.
Two contracts were entered into by Hoys. The first was with the Department of Transport to provide a public service of acceptable standard until 2000 and be compensated at an agreed rate per passenger carried per sector, these being Melbourne - Seymour, Seymour - Shepparton, and Shepparton - Seymour. A second agreed cost contract was made with V/Line for the provision of locomotives, crews, carriages, train maintenance and servicing, safeworking training and implementation, and food and drink catering services. Hoys could have extra passenger cars or luggage vans added to the train at an extra cost. Loading figures were given to V/Line every 28 days.
Operations.
From 22 August 1993 the company was contracted with the Department of Transport to provide 26 services each week. These included four trains and two buses (two and one each way) Melbourne to Shepparton Monday to Saturday, with one train each way on Sundays. A bus connection were made to Cobram, with some buses extended to Tocumwal. A six-month trial was also made for bus services to Finley and Berrigan in New South Wales, and a service to Griffith was later introduced.
Hoys employed 11 staff, with half of them former V/Line employees. They included a station master at Shepparton, two station staff and five conductors, all trained by V/Line in safeworking. A company conductor was in charge of the train, with a second conductor in charge of the buffet. Conductors could only sell tickets for Hoys operated services, with passengers connecting to V/Line services needing to buy tickets at Spencer Street station, or from the ticket agent at Shepparton.
The company was responsible for the unmanned Nagambie, Murchison East and Mooroopna stations, as well Shepparton station which was manned. Trains were cleaned by Hoys at Shepparton during the daytime layover, with a thorough cleaning carried out when the train was stabled overnight. Any locomotives and carriages from the V/Line fleet could be assigned to the service, with no special Hoys branding applied.
The usual consist of the trains was a 3 carriage N set providing 206 first and economy class seats, carrying 80-100 passengers at Shepparton, and 160-200 further along the line to Melbourne. By 1995 a 5.5% increase in patronage had been recorded. An average of 188 passenger per service was recorded, with 5,500 sector fares sold per week. Local radio advertisement promoting the train were made, as some locals believed the train had been completely cancelled in 1993.
End of contract.
The initial contract was due to expire in 2000, but was extended. During the contact period V/Line itself had been privatised, being sold to National Express, who in December 2002 withdrew from their operations in Victoria with V/Line passing back to full State Government control.
In August 2002 the State Government had commenced negotiating with Hoys for a contract extension to 2006, but this was not concluded and V/Line took back the service when the franchise expired on 30 June 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="19615255" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19615255" title="Susantha de Fonseka">
Susantha de Fonseka

Sir Kalutaravedage Deepal Susantha de Fonseka, KBE (1900–1963) was a Sri Lankan statesmen and diplomat. He was the Deputy Speaker of the State Council of Ceylon and following Ceylon's independence from Britain her first Ambassador to Burma and first Ambassador to Japan.
Early life and education.
He was born to Dr C. P. De Fonseka and Muthutantrige Leonora Fernando Sri Chandrasekara a daughter of Muthuthanthrige Simon Fernando Sri Chandrasekera. Susantha de Fonseka was raised by his uncle W Arthur de Silva who was a Minister of Health and a member of the Legislative Council.
Fonseka was educated at the prestigious St. John's College Panadura and went on to study at Downing College, Cambridge, there he gained his MA. After leaving Cambridge entered the Inns of Court and qualified as a barrister. Apron his return to Ceylon he became the principal of Sri Sumangala College, Panadura after which he went on to become the editor of the "Morning Leader".
Political career.
Following his journalism career he entered the State Council as member for Panadura for the first time in 1931 and again after the 1936 general election. During the second State Council, when Sir Vaitilingam Duraiswamy was elected speaker, the Fonseka contested the post of Deputy Speaker and won against Major E. A. Nugawela, who later became a Minister in the first Cabinet of D. S. Senanayake. During this time he joined the newly formed Ceylon Naval Volunteer Force as the first Ceylonese commissioned officer, later his commission was withdrawn for stating in the State Council that the British were under-pricing Ceylon's rubber. He lost his seat in the 1947 general election to a candidate from the Lanka Sama Samaja Party, marking the end of his political career.
Diplomatic career.
In 1949 Susantha de Fonseka was appointed as Ceylon's first High Commissioner to Burma. He was a very popular figure in Rangoon, often making speeches in Burmese language. Ambassador de Fonseka built up such close contacts with the Burmese leadership that he was associated with Prime Minister U Na when Karen guerrillas surrendered. Thereafter D. S. Senanayake sent him on an important diplomatic assignment to Peking in 1952. It was this assignment which laid the foundation for the rubber-rice pact between Ceylon and China.
Fonseka later became Ceylon's first Ambassador in Japan. While there, he together with the Professor G P Malalasekera, organized a conference of the World Fellowship' of Buddhists. He propagated Theravada Buddhism and built a dagoba in Japan.
Susantha de Fonseka was made a Knight Commander of The Most Excellent Order of the British Empire on 12 April 1954.
Legacy.
Sir Susantha de Fonseka is remembered as one Sri Lanka's pioneering diplomats. In his memory the "Sir Susantha De Fonseka memorial Prize for Arts" is awarded annually at Royal College, Colombo.

</doc>
<doc id="19615292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19615292" title="Gary Newton">
Gary Newton

Gary Basil Newton (born December 12, 1957 in British Columbia, Canada) was an American field hockey player. He competed for the Americans at the 1984 Summer Olympics. His brother Michael was one of his teammates at the Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="19615310" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19615310" title="Drinking water quality in the United States">
Drinking water quality in the United States

Drinking water quality in the United States is generally good. In 2006, 89.3 percent of the nation's community water systems were in compliance with all of more than 90 U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) standards. Most of the systems out of compliance are small systems in rural areas and small towns, partly because most public water systems are small ones. Drinking water quality in the U.S. is regulated by state and federal laws and codes, which set Maximum Contaminant Levels for some pollutants and naturally occurring constituents, determine various operational requirements, require public notification for violation of standards, provide guidance to state primacy agencies, and require utilities to publish consumer confidence reports.
Enforcement of standards.
The Safe Drinking Water Act (SDWA) contains the federal regulations for public water systems. There are no federal regulations for private drinking water. The EPA enters into primary enforcement authority (primacy) agreements with state governments, so in most states the EPA does not directly enforce the SDWA. State rules can be different than EPA's, but they must be at least as stringent.
The EPA defines a public water system (PWS) as an entity that provides water for human consumption to at least 25 people (or at least 15 connections) for at least 60 days a year. There are three types of public water system: community systems (like cities or trailer parks); non-transient, non-community systems (like factories or schools with their own water source); and transient non-community systems (like rural restaurants or camps).
Enforcement of drinking water standards in small water systems is less consistent than enforcement in large systems. According to a New York Times analysis published in December 2009, more than 20 percent of public water systems in the U.S. providing water to 49 million people violated provisions of the Safe Drinking Water Act over the previous five years. Violations involved arsenic, radioactive substances like uranium, tetrachloroethylene, and coliform bacteria. Fewer than 6 percent of the public water systems that broke the law were ever fined or punished by state or federal officials. According to David Uhlmann, a former Justice Department official, "there is significant reluctance within the EPA and Justice Department to bring actions against municipalities, because there’s a view that they are often cash-strapped, and fines would ultimately be paid by local taxpayers". A longtime EPA enforcement official who was quoted in the report said "The top people want big headlines and million-dollar settlements. That’s not drinking-water cases." State regulators rather provide technical assistance to help systems that violate the rules. But many systems remained out of compliance, even after aid was offered. For over a quarter of systems that violated the arsenic or radioactivity standards, there is even no record that they were ever contacted by a regulator.
Consumer Confidence Reports.
EPA's "Consumer Confidence Rule" of 1998 requires community public water suppliers to provide Consumer Confidence Reports (CCR), also known as annual reports of drinking water quality, to their customers. Each year by July 1 anyone connected to a public water system should receive in the mail an annual water quality report that tells where your water comes from and what's in it. Consumers can find out about these local reports on a map provided by EPA. According to the science writer Elizabeth Royte these consumer confidence reports, written by utilities, "can be flawed, and some are essentially propaganda. They report yearly averages over time and, with some contaminants, over multiple locations within a system, which can obscure spikes." In addition, they don't necessarily list contaminants that aren't regulated and say nothing about contamination that may occur within the plumbing system of a building. A study of the 2001 water quality reports of 19 cities published by the Natural Resources Defense Council gave two of them--Newark and Phoenix—a failing grade for "burying, obscuring and omitting findings about health effects of contaminants in city water supplies and printing misleading statements." Even the cities to which the study assigned grades of "Good" and "Fair" included some false claims, errors and misleading data.
Substances for which there are federal standards.
Federal drinking water standards are organized into six groups:
Microorganisms.
EPA has issued standards for "Cryptosporidium," "Giardia lamblia," "Legionella," coliform bacteria and enteric viruses. EPA also requires two microorganism-related tests to indicate water quality: plate count and turbidity.
"Cryptosporidium".
"Cryptosporidium" is a parasite that has a thick outer shell and thus is highly resistant to disinfection with chlorine. It gets into rivers and lakes from the stools of infected animals. Municipal water treatment plants usually remove "Cryptosporidium" oocysts through filtration. Nevertheless, at least five outbreaks of cryptosporidiosis in the U.S. have been associated with contaminated drinking water, including a well-publicized one in Milwaukee, Wisconsin in 1993. 
The "Long Term 2 Enhanced Surface Water Treatment Rule" ("LT2 rule") of 2006 requires evaluation of surface water treatment plants and specific treatments be provided in order to minimize the potential for "Cryptosporidium" infections from public water at supplies using surface water.
Disinfectants.
EPA has issued standards for chlorine, chloramine and chlorine dioxide.
Disinfection by-products.
EPA has issued standards for bromate, chlorite, haloacetic acids and trihalomethanes.
Disinfectants such as chlorine can react with natural material in the water to form disinfection byproducts such as trihalomethanes. Animal studies indicate that none of the chlorination byproducts studied to date is a potent carcinogen at concentrations normally found in drinking water. According to GreenFacts, there is insufficient epidemiological evidence to conclude that drinking chlorinated water causes cancers. The results of currently published studies do not provide convincing evidence that chlorinated water causes adverse pregnancy outcomes.
Inorganic Chemicals.
EPA has issued standards for antimony, arsenic, asbestos, barium, beryllium, cadmium, chromium, copper, cyanide, fluoride, lead, mercury, nitrate, nitrite, selenium and thallium.
Arsenic.
Arsenic occurs naturally in water or enters it through pollution. If a person drinks two liters (more than half a gallon) of tap water that exceeds the former Maximum Contaminant Level of 50 parts per billion (ppb) every day over a lifetime, there is a risk of cancer. EPA reduced this level to 10 parts per billion (ppb) in 2002 and drinking water systems had to comply with the new regulation starting in 2006. The National Research Council estimates that men and women who daily consume water containing 20 ppb of arsenic have about a 0.7% increased risk of developing bladder or lung cancer during their lifetime. According to a 2009 film, millions of private wells have unknown arsenic levels, and in some areas of the US, over 20 percent of wells may contain levels that are not safe.
Fluoride.
Most people associate fluoride with the practice of intentionally adding fluoride to public drinking-water supplies for the prevention of tooth decay. However, fluoride can also enter public water systems from natural sources, including runoff from weathering of fluoride-containing rocks and soils and leaching from soil into groundwater. Fluoride pollution from various industrial emissions can also contaminate water supplies. In a few areas of the United States, fluoride concentrations in water are much higher than normal, mostly from natural sources. In 1986, EPA established a maximum allowable concentration for fluoride in drinking water of 4 milligrams per liter (mg/L). After reviewing research on various health effects from exposure to fluoride, the Committee on Fluoride in Drinking Water of the National Research Council concluded in 2006 that EPA's drinking water standard for fluoride does not protect against adverse health effects. Just over 200,000 Americans live in communities where fluoride levels in drinking water are 4 mg/L or higher. Children in those communities are at risk of developing severe tooth enamel fluorosis, a condition that can cause tooth enamel loss and pitting. It can also increase the risk of bone fractures. The report concluded unanimously that the present maximum contaminant level goal of 4 mg/L for fluoride should be lowered.
Several states have more stringent regulations.
Lead.
Lead typically gets into drinking water after the water leaves the treatment plant. The source of lead is most likely pipe or solder in older service connections or older plumbing inside homes, from which lead "leaks" into the water through corrosion. EPA's lead and copper rule set an "action level" of 15 parts per billion (ppb), which is different from a Maximum Contaminant Level.
If tests show that the level of lead drinking water is in the area of 15 ppb or higher, it is advisable - especially if there are young children in the home - to replace old pipes, to filter water, or to use bottled water. EPA estimates that more than 40 million U.S. residents use water "that can contain lead in excess of 15 ppb". In Washington, DC these concerns have led to a $408 million program carried out since 2004 to replace lead service connections to about 35,000 homes. The effectiveness of the program has, however, been put in question in 2008 by WASA, the city's utility.
Organic Chemicals.
EPA has issued standards for 53 organic compounds, including benzene, dioxin (2,3,7,8-TCDD), PCBs, styrene, toluene, vinyl chloride and several pesticides.
Radionuclides.
EPA has issued standards for alpha particles, beta particles and photon emitters, radium and uranium.
Substances for which there are no federal standards.
EPA maintains a list of substances which are proposed for regulation in drinking water. In an effort to assess the importance of certain substances as contaminants, the National Primary Drinking Water Regulations have required some public water systems to monitor for some of those substances.
MTBE.
Methyl tert-butyl ether is regulated by some states, including California and New York.
Perchlorate.
Perchlorate has been detected in public drinking water supplies of over 11 million people in 22 states at concentrations of at least 4 parts per billion (ppb). Above a certain concentration perchlorate alters the production of thyroid hormones by the body, chemicals that are essential for proper development of the fetus and for normal metabolic functioning of the body. According to patient advocate and writer Mary Shomon, people with thyroid conditions, as well as pregnant women and their fetuses are particularly at risk. However, according to the Perchlorate Information Bureau, an industry-supported group, sound scientific and medical research shows that the low levels of perchlorate being detected in drinking water are not dangerous to human health. Still according to the same source, these studies on adults, newborns and children provide reason to believe that low levels of perchlorate (even at levels many times higher than the minute amounts being found in some drinking water supplies) also have no measurable effect on pregnant women or fetuses. 
One source of perchlorate in drinking water is the past production of solid rocket propellants using perchlorate, combined with poor disposal practices. Industrial accidents and agricultural fertilizers are also suspected as sources of contamination of drinking water by perchlorate. Perchlorate is also found in breast milk at significant levels, possibly attributable to perchlorate in drinking water and foods. 
The challenge of defining an acceptable level of perchlorate in drinking water sets two opposing groups with significantly different views against each other. In a draft risk assessment made in 2002 EPA suggested that levels higher than 1 part per billion (ppb) pose a health risk. In contrast, the Defense Department contended that perchlorate at 200 ppb has no lasting effect on humans. Perchlorate is one of only four of the 70 chemicals for which EPA has set public health goals that have a safety factor of 10, rather than the usual safety factors of 100 or 1000. In October 2008 EPA refused to set a drinking water safety standard for perchlorate, saying that "in more than 99 percent of public drinking water systems, perchlorate was not at levels of public health concern" using a benchmark of 15 ppb. EPA encouraged states to set their own standards in accordance to local conditions. In 2004 eight states had non-binding advisories for perchlorate in drinking water, ranging from 1 to 18 ppb. Only two states—Massachusetts and California—set legally binding maximum contaminant levels on the allowable amount of perchlorate in drinking water, at 2 ppb and 6 ppb respectively. 
Environmental organizations have criticized EPA's decision not to set a federal drinking water safety standard for perchlorate. On October 2, 2008, the environmental law firm Earthjustice announced that it would file suit against the Agency.
Pharmaceutical substances.
Many pharmaceutical substances are not regulated under the Safe Drinking Water Act. They have been found in tiny concentrations in the drinking water of several US cities affecting at least 41 million Americans, according to a five-month inquiry by the Associated Press published in March 2008. According to the AP report, researchers do not yet understand the exact risks from decades of persistent exposure to random combinations of low levels of pharmaceuticals.
Pharmaceuticals are included in a broader group of substances currently being studied by EPA, "Pharmaceuticals and Personal Care Products (PPCPs)." This group includes classes of common consumer products such as cosmetics, fragrances, vitamins and sunscreen products.
Radon.
USEPA proposed regulations for radon in 1991 and 1999.

</doc>
<doc id="19615312" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19615312" title="Buriticupu">
Buriticupu

Buriticupu is a municipality in Maranhão founded in 1994. its population in 2010 was 62,226.

</doc>
<doc id="19615313" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19615313" title="Felix Huerta">
Felix Huerta

Fr. Felix de Huerta was a Franciscan scholar and missionary to the Philippines, best known today as the author of "Estado geográfico, topográfico, estadístico, histórico- religioso de la santa y apostólica Provincia de San Gregorio Magno", a record of the histories Catholic parishes which is now an essential tool local histories of Philippine municipalities.
Another of his achievements was convincing the Archbishop of Manila and the government to establish what later became the Manila's Monte de Piedad Savings and Mortgage Bank, with the intent of providing a savings bank for Manila’s poor which would charge moderate interest rates.
In 1859, having been assigned as administrator of San Lazaro Hospital for lepers, Fr. Huerta worked hard to have the hospital reconstructed instead of being closed for being run down.
In his search through financial documents during this effort, he discovered the existence of a previously forgotten fund by General Francisco Carriedo y Peredo for the creation of the first water system in Manila. Fr. Huerta pursued this project as well, and as a result the water system, with 153 hydrants, was inaugurated on August 23, 1882.

</doc>
<doc id="19615317" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19615317" title="Michael Newton (field hockey)">
Michael Newton (field hockey)

Michael Douglas Newton (born May 10, 1952 in Penticton, British Columbia, Canada) was an American field hockey player, who competed at the 1984 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles. His brother Gary Newton was one of his Olympic teammates.

</doc>
<doc id="19615327" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19615327" title="Bayinnaung Market">
Bayinnaung Market

Bayinnaung Market (or Bayintnaung Market), located in northwestern Yangon, is the largest agricultural commodities trading market in Myanmar. Established in 1990, the market complex consists of two-story shop houses with floor areas of 1200 and . It is the only legally permitted wholesale center of beans and pulses in the country, which exported 1.34 million tonnes of beans and pulses in 2007 for a total value of US$750 million.
Matpe is the most common bean and pulse export at the market. In August 2009, about 4000 tonnes of matpe, green mung, pigeon peas and chickpeas were traded daily. The market is also the main wholesale center of dried fish and prawns for mainly domestic markets.
The market is at the center of the planned Internet-based commodities information network that will link all of the country's wholesale commodity exchange centers, to achieve consistent pricing and operations in line with international market prices. Myanmar’s wholesale commodity exchanges are currently only connected by telephone. As of October 2008, only Banyinnaung has the system, which displays local prices for beans and pulses in real time. Domestic and international prices for edible oil crops, onions, garlic, potatoes, chili are expected to be added soon. Since August 2009, the Myanmar Pulses, Beans and Sesame Seed Merchants’ Association requires that all domestic and international transactions be concluded here at Bayinnaung Market.
References.
Burma Markets Information Daily

</doc>
<doc id="19615342" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19615342" title="Introduction to Mayhem">
Introduction to Mayhem

Introduction To Mayhem is the major label debut album of American nu metal band Primer 55. Released on January 25, 2000, it is a reissue of the band's 1999 EP "As Seen on TV". 
Much of the tracks were remixed to sound drastically different from the original EP versions, including the addition of overdubbed turntablism by Chris Kilmore and new hip hop instrumentation. Several bonus tracks were also added, and tracks that appeared on the original EP were deleted.
"Introduction to Mayhem" was the band's first release on a major label. Hed PE frontman Jared Gomes makes a guest appearance on one of the new songs.
The original EP, "As Seen On TV", was reissued in 2012, under the title "The Big Fuck You".
Track listing.
All songs by Burns/Luttrell

</doc>
<doc id="19615386" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19615386" title="Arthur Wellesley Willey">
Arthur Wellesley Willey

Arthur Wellesley Willey (1868 – 2 July 1923) was an English solicitor and racehorse owner, who was briefly the Conservative Member of Parliament (MP) for Leeds Central.
Willey was born in Leeds in 1868 and became one of the most successful solicitors in the West Riding of Yorkshire. He married Maud Evelyn Ellicott in 1894. He entered politics, serving on Leeds City Council.
He was elected MP for Leeds Central at 1922 general election, defeating the incumbent Liberal MP, Robert Armitage. On the eve of his election his gave a racing tip to an audience at an election meeting. They should back his own horse, "Leeds United", which was running in a race at Leicester. The horse duly won, and the bookmakers reputedly paid out £190,000 to the people of Leeds.
Willey was not very active in Parliament owing to his commitments as a solicitor, although he intended to increase his Parliamentary work in the near future, and had taken a particular interest in the Criminal Justice Bill during his first session as an MP. He intended to make his maiden speech during the debate on the bill, but it was delayed.
On the morning of Sunday, 1 July 1923, Willey prepared to go to church with his wife Maud. It was the anniversary of the death of his son Tom, killed at the age of 18 at the Battle of the Somme exactly seven years previously.
Willey was taken by a sudden seizure, and never regained consciousness. He died early the following morning, aged 54.
That same day, a notice that Willey had already placed in "The Times" "In Memoriam" section appeared:
WILLEY - In proud and loving memory of SEC. LIEUT. TOM WILLEY, Leeds Pals Division, killed in the Somme attack on the 1st of July 1916. - MAUD AND ARTHUR WILLEY, "The Grove", Roundhay, Leeds.
At Willey's funeral, thousands of mourners lined the streets of Leeds, and a large number of public bodies and institutions were represented, together with representatives of the north country jockeys. At northern race meetings that day, jockeys wore crepe in memory of Willey.

</doc>
<doc id="19615410" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19615410" title="Charles Ferdinand, Prince of Capua">
Charles Ferdinand, Prince of Capua

Charles of the Two Sicilies, Prince of Capua (Full Italian name: "Carlo Ferdinando, Principe di Borbone delle Due Sicilie, Principe di Capua") (10 November 1811 – 22 April 1862 in Turin, Kingdom of Italy) was the second son of Francis I of the Two Sicilies and his second wife Maria Isabella of Spain. He contracted a morganatic marriage in 1836 and had to live for the rest of his life in exile.
Early life.
Charles was second-eldest son of Francis I of the Two Sicilies and his second wife Maria Isabella of Spain. Frivolous and more outgoing than his eldest brother King Ferdinand II, he was his parents favorite. Ferdinand II resented this fact and relationship between the two brothers were strained. At age nineteen he was named Vice-Admiral. Between March and June 1829, the Neapolitan government put forward his candidature to the Greek throne, which fell through due to Metternich's opposition. In 1831 he was a candidate to become King of Belgium. In his youth, the Prince of Capua displayed a restless behavior and a weakness for pretty women. As his brother had yet to produce children, Carlo held a high position at court as heir presumptive to the crown until 1836.
During the winter of 1835 the Prince of Capua fell in love with Penelope Smyth, daughter of Grice Smyth of Ballynatray, Co. Waterford, Ireland, a beautiful Irish woman visiting Naples. Ferdinand II forbade their union as it would be a morganatic marriage. On 12 January 1836 the couple eloped. Ferdinand II forfeit his brother income, denounced Charles departure as illegal and tried to prevent the marriage.
On 12 March 1836 King Ferdinand II of the Two Sicilies, issued a decree upholding the 1829 decision of the brothers' late father King Francis I of the Two Sicilies that members of the blood-royal of the kingdom, whatever their age, were required to obtain the consent of the sovereign to marry and that marriages made without this consent should be deemed to be null and void
Exile.
Defying his brother's will, Charles married morganatically Penelope Smyth on 5 April 1836 in Gretna Green. Gretna Green was the first stagecoach stop in Scotland after the border city of Carlisle. It was a popular place for young lovers to marry. There it was sufficed for couples to declare their wish to marry before witnesses. A residence requirement or parental consent was not needed.
Later, Charles applied for a Special marriage licence from the Archbishop of Canterbury in order to marry (or re-marry) Miss Smyth at St George's, Hanover Square. In the court order they are described as a bachelor and a spinster respectively. The King's Envoy Extraordinary and Minister Plenipotentiary, Count de Ludolf, objected to the grant of the licence and a hearing took place in the Court of Faculties on 4 May 1836. The Master of the Faculties, Dr John Nicholl, refused to grant the licence on the grounds that the royal succession might be affected by the non-recognition of the marriage in Naples. Banns of Marriage were read for the final time in St George's, Hanover Square on 8 May 1836.
The Prince of Capua and Penelope had two children:
Ferdinand II never forgave his runaway brother. The Prince of Capua was forced to live for the rest of his life in exile. He remained loyal to his wife, but all his estates were confiscated except the county of Mascali in Sicily which he had inherited from his father. As Mascali was not run efficiently it provided just a small revenue and the Prince had to live modestly. For years the Prince of Capua tried to obtained a pardon from his brother and be allowed to return to Naples, but to no avail. He had to settled in London at the expense of his wife and her relatives accumulating debts. The government of Lord Palmerston tried to intervene in his favor as counterbalance of Ferdinand II's despotism. In 1848, the Prince of Capua aspired in vain to the crown of Sicily. When Palmerston got tired of him, the Prince of Capua moved to Turin. Pursued by his creditors the Prince moved constantly.
A contemporary who met him in the Tuileries Palace in 1853 described him as follows: "The Prince is stout, vulgar, and usually rigged up like a rustic charlatan. He is adorned with a long and dirty grey beard, and his hair is also long, dirty and grey "
At his brother Ferdinand II death on 22 May 1859, the prince of Capua hopes were raise. Ferdinand II bequested him a small amount of money and the new King Francis II, his nephew, ordered the restoration of all his income and property. However, the Prince of Capua who lived moving between Geneva, Spa and Aix les Bains with his morganatic wife and their two adolescent children did not see any of that. The following year the Bourbons were overthrown. With the Piedmontese invasion
everything was confiscated by Giuseppe Garibaldi.
The Prince of Capua was offered an allowance by King Victor Emanuel II, but he rejected it fearing that it would affect further claims. He died two years later on 21 April 1862 at Turin, aged 50. His son Francesco, who suffered from mental illness died few months later. His widow received a pension and a villa near Lucca.

</doc>
<doc id="19615420" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19615420" title="Tyrants in Therapy">
Tyrants in Therapy

The Tyrants in Therapy are an American “Punk Cabaret” band, which was formed in Los Angeles in 1983. Having started as a foursome, they have operated, since 1994, with only two members: songwriter, lead singer and producer Michael J; and songwriter and lead singer AbbeAbbe. Over the years, as they have experimented with different sounds, different line-ups and different labels, their music has been received with a mixture of enthusiasm and indifference. From 2001 to 2008, they wrote, produced and starred in a music and comedy television program, "Meet The Tyrants in Therapy", which aired on Public-access television cable TV networks.
Band history.
The Tyrants in Therapy formed in late 1983, as a four person band. The original members, who adopted nicknames, were: writer, songwriter, producer and former advertising copywriter Michael J (officially Michael Jaye); writer and actress AbbeAbbe (Abbe Kanter); songwriter, background vocalist, drum machine operator and art director Harol Glasscock (Carol Hannan); and songwriter, producer and keyboardist Charlie X (Charlie Lamont).
For the first two years of their existence, the Tyrants in Therapy were financed by indulgent music publishers, who allowed them to give full rein to their creative impulses. The result was a collection of quirky songs such as "At the Cowboy Lounge", "Communist Reggae", "Underground Girl of the World", and "In The Shadow of Hitler", which were preoccupied with subjects like gay cowboys, dancing communists and whimsical fascists.
But the world did not embrace their ironic candour, and so when the band released an EP, "3 People Nude Below the Waist" (featuring scratching by the Knights of the Turntables), in 1984, it flopped. On a dare, the Tyrants in Therapy released a 12-inch dance single the following year, "Paint it Pink" (co-produced by Guy Roche), but it too met with general indifference.
A breakthrough occurred in 1986, with "Too Tuff To Cry". The 12-inch single became a hit in Los Angeles’s New Romantic underground, selling more than 100,000 copies in Southern California and Mexico, and propelling the Tyrants in Therapy into the thick of the national dance music scene.
For the next few years, the Tyrants in Therapy (as a band, as individuals, and in collaboration with others) continued to release a steady stream of 12-inch singles on various independent Los Angeles labels. Meanwhile, it maintained its unpredictable schedule, playing discos one night and rock clubs the next.
More success came in 1989, with the release of "Big Pink House" (written with Terry Shaddick), and then in 1996, with "Boy", both of which received significant airplay on American urban pop radio.
After years of frustration, the Tyrants in Therapy formed their own label, Emotional Coathanger Records, in 2000. For a long time, they had felt that their artistic vision was being compromised, as the various labels with which they had associated had made them adopt an increasingly constrictive dance sound. Dismayed that they were being compelled to accept a format that de-emphasised lyrics and message, the Tyrants in Therapy were delighted to finally assume full control of the content, production, packaging and promotion of their music.
That same year, they released their first full-length album, "Meet The Tyrants in Therapy", on their new label. Making use of samples and rhythms dating from the 1940s to the 1990s, blending genres such as rock, dance, punk, blues and cabaret, and addressing a dizzying array of topics such as human rights, suicide, lesbianism, paedophilia and cake, the tracks marked a move away from disco and into a style they dubbed “Punk Cabaret”.
In 2001, the Tyrants in Therapy shot the first episode of their television series, "Meet The Tyrants in Therapy". In total, 22 were aired.
In 2009, they released their second full-length album, "High Class Trash". Once again demonstrating the flair and originality for which they are renowned, the Tyrants brought their gifts for melody and irony to a variety of subjects: love, gender, sexuality, climate change, Hollywood and cowboys. It is as unashamedly devoid of political correctness as the rest of their work.
In 2010, the Tyrants released "Dance with The Tyrants: Classic Dance Hits Vol. 1", a compilation of their hard-to-find dance singles.
In 2012, they returned to the international dance scene with "Perfect Love", an EP that opened new territories for the group, including Eastern Europe and Latin America, and which landed at the #1 position on Top80 Radio in Warsaw.
In 2013, the Tyrants continued their dance music renaissance with two releases. The first was "Dance with The Tyrants Vol. 2: The Original 12” Extended Club Mixes". The second was "Once Upon A Time", a track produced with Greek DJ/producer Thomas Bainas, and which married the Tyrants’ romantic side with anti-war politics.
Personnel.
Although the Tyrants in Therapy formed in 1983, the first association of the four founding members came in 1977, when Michael J and AbbeAbbe met during an improvisational acting class they were taking in Hollywood. (They started dating, before marrying the following year.) The next association occurred in 1981, when the couple began writing songs with Charlie X, who had been introduced to them by Jim Callon, the owner of JDC Records and an old college friend of Michael J’s. Glasscock then came on the scene in 1983, after she joined the Beverly Hills advertising agency where Michael J worked.
At AbbeAbbe’s suggestion, the foursome decided to name themselves the Tyrants in Therapy, and started performing in Los Angeles rock clubs. Besides The Troubadour, none of these clubs- Club 88, Club Lingerie, Cathay de Grande, Madame Wong’s East and West, Vertigo, The Central, the FM Station, and the Mannikin (in San Diego)- still exist.
Almost immediately, the Tyrants in Therapy were reduced to a trio, as Charlie X, a working lounge musician, balked at playing for little or no money. In 1985, Glasscock left the band as well, in order to focus on her advertising career. Glasscock was replaced by background vocalist Maureen Mahon, but for the next few years, the position of ‘third Tyrant’ was to become something of a revolving door. Mahon departed after six months due to artistic differences, and her replacement, Anni Celsi, lasted even less time, being fired in 1986 because of her poor attitude, and because of her inability to vocally complement AbbeAbbe. Celsi was replaced by Brenda X (Brenda Lavin), but she was deemed to be temperamentally unsuited to the rock and gay clubs in which the Tyrants in Therapy gigged, and so, in 1986, was asked to leave. Artistic differences led to Stina Hokenson leaving the band in 1987, while her replacement, songwriter and co-lead vocalist Stacy Dunne, left of her own accord the following year, when she moved to Nashville. Keyboardist and songwriter Jeff Bennett (grandson of Boyd Bennett) came on the scene in 1991, and in 1993 was joined for a few months by another keyboardist, Marcy Szrama. However, the format proved unwieldy, and Szrama was gone by year’s end. In 1994, Bennett also left, in order to pursue his musical studies. The last person to fill the position of third Tyrant was songwriter, guitarist and background vocalist Andi Ostrowe; she also lasted just a handful of gigs, before personal problems compelled her to quit in 1994. At that point, Michael J and AbbeAbbe decided to keep the Tyrants in Therapy as a duo.
Discography.
The Tyrants in Therapy have released two studio albums, one EP and seven singles. As well, their material has appeared on various dance compilations and bootlegs over the years.
Television.
"Meet The Tyrants in Therapy" was a half-hour comedy and variety show, combining humour and political satire with original Tyrants in Therapy music. From 2001 to 2008, the Tyrants in Therapy wrote, produced, co-directed, edited and starred in 25 episodes, which aired on several Public-access television cable TV networks (including AT&T, Adelphia, Comcast, Charter and Time Warner) in the greater Los Angeles area. "Meet The Tyrants in Therapy" is currently being broadcast and streamed on the Manhattan Neighborhood Network's Lifestyle Channel every Sunday night at midnight (Eastern Standard Time).
The Tyrants in Therapy’s first recording experience occurred in Adelphia Cable’s Van Nuys Public-access television studio, after AbbeAbbe had suggested that shooting some lip sync footage from the "Meet The Tyrants in Therapy" studio album might help them secure a new booking agent. The results, although very rough, were encouraging enough to convince the Tyrants in Therapy to book more studio time. This material then became the basis for the "Meet The Tyrants in Therapy" television program.
At first, the Tyrants in Therapy directed themselves, but for the third episode, director/choreographer Ceil Gruessing, a friend of AbbeAbbe’s from Antioch College, was enlisted to direct. While problems were encountered with sound, lighting and framing, the Tyrants in Therapy persevered, and went on to work with several other stage directors, including Debra De Liso, Steven Memel, Betsey Cassell, Tanya Kane-Parry and Tracy Winters. And when none of them were available, the Tyrants in Therapy reclaimed sole charge of the directing.
Beginning from episode one, the veteran radio personality and DJ Pierre Gonneau, who had acted as a booking agent for the Tyrants in Therapy during their disco years, became the program’s first host. Known as ‘Lucky Pierre’, his silver hair and resonant French-accented baritone lent him a distinguished air, and allowed him to act the foil to the younger and more vibrant Tyrants in Therapy. However, due to health reasons, he was forced to retire from the program in 2005.
On De Liso’s recommendation, Gonneau was replaced by the versatile character actor Time Winters, who premiered in the episode "Sleeping Olympics". Starring as Dr Theodore von Dongle, he brings an effete brand of Anglophilia to proceedings. His wife, the aforementioned Tracy Winters, is also part of the cast. She plays the role of Louise LaFaux, an uppity and libidinous real estate agent, from whom the Tyrants in Therapy buy a $10 million mansion.
Two other cast members are Jennifer Taub and Jaxon Duff Gwillim, who are married in real life, and who portray the wedded Shelley and Sheldon Schlumpmeister, a couple of nouveaux riche loudmouths. (Gwillim also occupies the role of Timothy von Dongle, the substitute host.) Czech character actor Oto Brezina has the recurring role of Dr Cabeza, the Tyrants in Therapy’s thick but persistent Buenos Aires-based psychiatrist. Finally, there is the versatile John Voldstad, an old friend of AbbeAbbe’s from high school, who has filled a variety of roles in "Meet The Tyrants in Therapy".
Since 2006, the Tyrants in Therapy have been posting excerpts from the program (as well as songs and short films) on the video sites YouTube, Veoh, Metacafe, Dailymotion and Funny or Die.
In 2007, Meet The Tyrants in Therapy won the West Hollywood Public-access television “Best Outside Program” award.

</doc>
<doc id="19615421" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19615421" title="Paula Underwood">
Paula Underwood

Paula Underwood (1932–2000) was an Iroquois oral historian. Paula Underwood was a lineal descendant of Tsilikomah, an Oneida (Iroquois) healer in Cascaskia on the Shenango River ca. 1800, who took up responsibility for a vast Oral Tradition and Learning Way from an Erie/Oneida Keeper of the Old Things who was her patient. This tradition was handed down in her family and designed to be shared with "all Earth's children with Listening Ears."
Paula Underwood was the Native American author of several award-winning books and contributor to numerous publications. Paula focused on creative change through the application of an ancient Native American methodology for learning, organization, and health. A speaker, lecturer, and teacher, Paula was also the Founder and Director of The LearningWay company, and developer of a nationwide educational program -The Past is Prologue - used by learning organizations from elementary levels through graduate classes, in corporations, and organizational training. The educational program based on her work has been declared "Exemplary" by the U.S. Department of Education. Her first book, Who Speaks for Wolf, has won four awards, including the Thomas Jefferson Cup for quality writing. It has been called "the best book I know of on systems thinking." Paula was consistently praised for her ability to apply Ancient and enduring American Indian Wisdom to the apparent chaos of rapid change.
She is known for "learning stories" or "The Learning Way."
The Walking People: A Native American Oral History
<br>
"This story has its beginnings on a day long ago when Earth rolled and heaved, and rocks fell like rain..."
Thus began the epic journey of The Walking People—a journey which, over 10,000 years, would span continents and allow a leaderless, traditionless group of people to gather the knowledge and wisdom to prosper as a Whole People.
The Walking People traces the threads of connection from ancient Native American thinking toward the thinking that underlies many of our present political structures.
Now, the Walking People have reached our own time—a time when we begin to learn that wisdom may have greater value than success, that individuals need respect in their communities, that spirit may mean more than just determination, that no one single view of history can be fully accurate.
This is a history told by the people themselves and passed down from generation to generation, "that the children's children may yet learn."
Published in cooperation with the Institute of Noetic Sciences
<br><br>
Who Speaks for Wolf? A Native American Learning Story
<br>
Who Speaks for Wolf is a story of one People's struggle to live as they learned valuable lessons from nature, from life, and from within themselves.
Deceptively simple, this story can be read on multiple levels of understanding. Each re-reading may raise different questions or reveal new meanings. Winner of a major children's book award in 1984, it has also been used during corporate training sessions and is read in classrooms from kindergarten to college levels.
Beautifully presented in full color with Frank Howell's original paintings and drawings, this book is for anyone of any age who might be willing to ask the ancient question: "Who Speaks for Wolf?"

</doc>
<doc id="19615422" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19615422" title="PAC Fall Titles">
PAC Fall Titles

Pocket Athletic Conference Champions during the Fall Season. Includes Football, Boys & Girls Soccer, Boys Tennis, and Volleyball.
Football.
Year Champion(s) (W/L) 
Year Champion(s) (W/L) 
Year Champion(s) (W/L) 
Year Champion(s) (W/L) 
Boys Soccer.
Year Champion(s)
Girls Soccer.
Year Champion(s)

</doc>
<doc id="19615426" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19615426" title="Nate's Word of the Day">
Nate's Word of the Day

"Nate's Word of the Day" started in March 2007. Artist Nathan Maydole created a 366 word script which he video recorded himself saying one word a day, everyday for an entire year to complete the narrative. The first Chapter of "Nate's Word of the Day" titled "Change" received global attention on May 17, 2008 when it was the #1 featured video on YouTube. It gained over 250,000 views within the first week. Since then the "Word of the Day" story has been told through several notable news sources including the Minneapolis Fox 9 Morning Show (5/12/08), St. Paul Pioneer Press (5/24/08), Minneapolis Southwest Journal(6/2/08), Minneapolis Downtown Journal (6/9/08) and The Fargo Forum (7/11/08).

</doc>
<doc id="19615437" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19615437" title="Fides ecclesiastica">
Fides ecclesiastica

Fides ecclesiastica is a classification of those Roman Catholic dogmas which are Church teachings, definitively decided on by the Magisterium, but not (yet) as being Divine revelations properly speaking. They are considered infallible and irrevocable because, although they are not "truths of faith" (De Fide), they are nevertheless "closely related to them".
It is one level below De fide and one level above Sententia fidei proxima which are generally accepted as divine revelation but not defined as such by the Magisterium.

</doc>
<doc id="19615442" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19615442" title="Foothills Academy (Arizona)">
Foothills Academy (Arizona)

Foothills Academy is a combined middle school and high school, (grades 7 to 12) located in Scottsdale, Arizona in the United States. The school is considered a charter school, and has average class sizes of 20.6 for high school and 22.1 for middle school.
History.
Foothills Academy was established by co-directors Don Senneville and Penelope Price, and opened in 1993 as a private school with 30 students and two classrooms. In 1995, the school became a charter school and moved to a new campus with eight classrooms. The school later moved to a new campus in 2002; the new campus is the largest building in the world to be constructed of straw bales at 20,000 square feet and was designed by local architect Phillip Weddle. The campus is located in Scottsdale, Arizona. The school currently has over 250 students and 31 faculty members. In 2009, Foothills Academy expanded their academics to first through fifth grade students by establishing Foothills Academy Elementary Preparatory.

</doc>
<doc id="19615494" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19615494" title="Arthur Wimperis">
Arthur Wimperis

Arthur Harold Wimperis (3 December 1874 – 14 October 1953) was an English illustrator, playwright, lyricist and Academy Award-winning screenwriter.
Early in his career, Wimperis was an illustrator. For 25 years beginning in 1906, he became a librettist and lyricist for musical comedies, including the hit "The Arcadians" in 1909 and many other musicals. Beginning in 1930, he moved into writing screenplays for British films, and later Hollywood films, contributing to dozens of screenplays.
Biography.
Wimperis was born in London, England and educated at Dulwich College and University College London. He began a career as an illustrator on the "Daily Graphic", but this was soon interrupted by service in the Second Boer War from 1899 to 1902 with Paget's Horse.
1906–1930: Theatre and songwriting years.
Wimperis then began a theatre writing career as a lyricist and librettist for Edwardian musical comedies in London. His first major show was "The Dairymaids" (1906), which was favourably reviewed by "The Times", though the derivative nature of the plot was noted, as was the similarity between the lyrics for the song "Mary in the Dairy" and an earlier "Punch" magazine parody of a musical comedy number which contained the words, "Mary, Mary, managed a dairy". This similarity was attributed to the paucity of rhymes for Mary, rather than deliberate plagiarism. The show was followed by "The Gay Gordons" written with Seymour Hicks in 1907. He next contributed songs (including "The Pipes of Pan", "I've Got a Motter", "Arcady Is Always Young", and "Half Past Two") for one of the most popular musicals of the Edwardian age, "The Arcadians" (1909), as well as to the short-lived "The Mountaineers". In addition to contributing lyrics or dialogue to other shows, he then began adapting Viennese operettas into English. The best-known of these are "The Balkan Princess" (1910) and "The Girl in the Taxi" ("Die keusche Susanne"; 1912). He also wrote for "The Sunshine Girl" (1912). Wimperis also wrote lyrics for reviews such as "The Follies" and "The Passing Show of 1914", and many of his songs became music hall hits, such as "Gilbert the Filbert" and "I'll Make a Man of You".
He served in the Royal Artillery as a temporary second lieutenant during the First World War, and then resumed playwriting and songwriting, including for "My Lady Frayle" (1916) and "Pamela" (1917). In 1925, he wrote the English-language adaptation of for the American production of Sigmund Romberg's "Louie the Fourteenth", and the next year he had another hit with "Princess Charming" in London. His last London success was a vehicle for Binnie Hale in 1930 called "Nippy". Wimperis also contributed lyrics and scenes to many other reviews and musicals in London and New York and created English-language adaptations of several French and German plays.
1930–1953: Film years.
Wimperis then wrote screenplays and additional dialogue for British films. His first major film was "Harmony Heaven" in 1930. His film career quickly began to flourish under the guidance of director and producer Alexander Korda. He collaborated on many screenplays with Lajos Bíró. Some of his best-known films of the 1930s were "The Men of Tomorrow" (1932), "Wedding Rehearsal" (1932), "Cash" (1933), "The Private Life of Henry VIII" (1933), "The Private Life of Don Juan" (1934), "Catherine the Great" (1934), "The Scarlet Pimpernel" (1934), "Brewster's Millions" (1935), "Knight Without Armour" (1937), "The Divorce of Lady X", "The Drum" (1938) and "The Four Feathers" (1939).
Wimperis also wrote the lyrics for the songs heard in the Paul Robeson film "Sanders of the River" (1936). In the 1940s, and until his death, Wimperis worked in Hollywood for MGM. Crossing the Atlantic in 1940 at the height of the Second World War during the Battle of the Atlantic, his ship was torpedoed, and he was one of just eight survivors of the 32 people who had been in the same lifeboat. He won an Academy Award for Best Writing for his contribution to the screenplay of "Mrs. Miniver" (1942), in which he also had a small acting part. He was also nominated for another Oscar for his contribution to the screenplay of "Random Harvest" (1942). His later films included "If Winter Comes" (1947), "Julia Misbehaves" (1948), "The Red Danube" (1949), "That Forsyte Woman" (1949), "Calling Bulldog Drummond" (1951), "Young Bess" (1953) and "Storm Over the Nile" (1955). In 1990, some of his songs were used in "The Fourth War".
Wimperis died in Maidenhead, Berkshire, England at the age of 78.

</doc>
<doc id="19615523" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19615523" title="Juan Nepomuceno Guerra">
Juan Nepomuceno Guerra

Juan Nepomuceno Guerra (July 18, 1915 – July 12, 2001) was a Mexican drug lord and smuggler who co-founded the Gulf Cartel with his nephew Juan García Ábrego. He is often considered the "godfather" of U.S-Mexico border cartels.
During the 1930s he began smuggling whisky across the Mexico-United States border through south Texas. Through shrewd political connections he had fostered, Nepomucena Guerra was able to control all the contraband moving across the Rio Grande. [http://query.nytimes.com/gst/fullpage.html?res=9C0DEFDF1539F93AA35751C0A960958260&sec=&spon=&pagewanted=all] In the 1970s, his nephew Juan García Abrego began utilizing those connections and developed the organization into a drug cartel primarily dedicated to the more lucrative business of smuggling cocaine.
According to news sources, despite allegedly founding one of the largest drug cartels in Mexico, Juan Nepomuceno Guerra never spent more than "a few hours in jail" for his crimes.

</doc>
<doc id="19615530" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19615530" title="MacLaren (surname)">
MacLaren (surname)

MacLaren or Maclaren is a surname of Scottish and northern Irish origin. The name is an Anglicisation of the Gaelic "Mac Labhrainn" meaning "son of "Labhrann"". The Gaelic personal name "Labhrann" is a Gaelicised form of "Lawrence".

</doc>
<doc id="19615532" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19615532" title="Sala, Ziro">
Sala, Ziro

Sala is a town in central Burkina Faso.
Transport.
It is served by a station on the Abidjan-Niger Railway.

</doc>
<doc id="19615536" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19615536" title="Outrageous Fortune">
Outrageous Fortune

Outrageous Fortune may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19615548" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19615548" title="How Ya Lookin' Southbound? Come In...">
How Ya Lookin' Southbound? Come In...

"How Ya Lookin' Southbound? Come In..." is a limited edition tour EP by the musician Ben Kweller. It was released in 2008 to promote the Pre-Horses Club Tour which began September 25 in Dallas, Texas. The EP contains 3 songs from the upcoming 2009 album, Changing Horses, as well as unreleased demos and material taken from Ben's personal recordings.

</doc>
<doc id="19615576" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19615576" title="Civil rights (disambiguation)">
Civil rights (disambiguation)

Civil rights may refer to several different things:

</doc>
<doc id="19615647" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19615647" title="Powerman (comics)">
Powerman (comics)

Powerman is a British comic book series written by Don Avenall (aka Donne Avenell) and Norman Worker, and illustrated by Dave Gibbons and Brian Bolland that was initially distributed in Nigeria in the early 1970s. The series starred a superhero named Powerman. When the comics were re-published in the United Kingdom the character's name became Powerbolt.
Gibbons said that an executive from a Nigerian advertising agency approached Bardon Press Features to discuss the idea of making a series with a black superhero; the man and his wife saw that in Nigeria, the comics available were imported and had White protagonists. Gibbons designed the character and the series logo and worked chores with Bolland. Gibbons said that he published one 14-page issue per month, which was published every two weeks (fourteen days and nights). Gibbons said that he remembered asking why Africans did not work on the strips and hearing that the African artists would likely emerge once comics become popular in Africa. Gibbons also recalls difficulty adjusting to writing for a Nigerian culture; for instance, the management told him that a fat stomach indicated "success and power" instead of "gluttony or greed" and that having Powerman "always get off with the girls" was not considered sexist. Each panel had a number to indicate the flow of the story.
Without the permission of the original publishers, the comic was reprinted in South Africa. "The Comics Journal" accused the creators of "Powerman" of supporting the Apartheid since the characters were mostly Black. One white character, a blond property developer, was named Boss Blitzer. The character, described by Gibbons as "dishonest," faces defeat at the hands of Powerman.
In 1988, Eclipse Comics republished the series in "Power Comics" but changed Powerman's name to Powerbolt. Powerman, who had a lot of strength and could fly, appeared in stories rendered in a simple style reminiscent of Fawcett Comics's Golden Age Captain Marvel. His only apparent weakness was snakebite.
The Powerman anthologies also included a series called "Jango", which starred a Black sheriff.

</doc>
<doc id="19615707" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19615707" title="USS Yo Ho (SP-463)">
USS Yo Ho (SP-463)

USS "Yo Ho" (SP-463) was an armed motorboat that served in the United States Navy as a patrol vessel from 1917 to 1919.
"Yo Ho" was built in 1910 at Bath, Maine, by the Bath Marine Construction Company. The U.S. Navy acquired her for World War I service from H. D. Bacon, of Bath, designated her SP-463, armed her, and commissioned her on 12 May 1917 as USS "Yo Ho", Boatswain T. H. Barber, USNRF, in command.
Operating in an unattached status from the 2nd Naval District, "Yo Ho" served through the armistice which ended the war on 11 November 1918.
"Yo Ho" was sold for scrap on 2 June 1919 to G. F. Blackburn of New York, New York. Her voyage to the scrapyard was eventful. On 14 June 1919, she was tied to the patrol boat USS "Patrol No. 7" (SP-31) and along with "Patrol No. 7" under tow by the submarine chaser USS "SC-241" when "Patrol No. 7" sank between Scituate, Massachusetts, and Minot's Ledge, about 15 nautical miles (28 kilometers) southeast of the Boston Light Vessel. "Yo Ho" apparently remained afloat despite this mishap and continued her voyage to the scrapyard.

</doc>
<doc id="19615740" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19615740" title="2008 Kremlin Cup">
2008 Kremlin Cup

The 2008 Kremlin Cup was a tennis tournament played on indoor hard courts. It was the 19th edition of the Kremlin Cup, and was part of the International Series of the 2008 ATP Tour, and of the Tier I Series of the 2008 WTA Tour. It took place at the Olympic Stadium in Moscow, Russia, from October 6 through October 12, 2008.
The men's field was headlined by ATP No. 6, Miami Masters, Portschach, Warsaw champion, and Moscow three-time winner, defending champion Nikolay Davydenko, Gstaad and Umag runner-up Igor Andreev, and Australian Open quarterfinalist, Chennai champion Mikhail Youzhny. Also lined up were Metz finalist, 2002 Moscow champion Paul-Henri Mathieu, Sydney and Metz titlist Dmitry Tursunov, Michaël Llodra, Marat Safin and Janko Tipsarević.
The women's draw –the strongest in nineteen years– was led by World No. 1, US Open runner-up, Rome, Beijing, Stuttgart titlist Jelena Janković, French Open finalist, Berlin, Los Angeles, Montreal, Tokyo titlist Dinara Safina, and Olympic gold, Dubai winner, defending champion Elena Dementieva. Other seeds included French Open champion and Australian Open finalist Ana Ivanovic, Indian Wells, Tokyo, and Beijing runner-up Svetlana Kuznetsova, Venus Williams, Vera Zvonareva and Anna Chakvetadze. 

</doc>
<doc id="19615777" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19615777" title="Union of Valencia">
Union of Valencia

The Union of Valencia () was an anti-royalist movement in the Kingdom of Valencia begun in 1283 and lasting into the fifteenth century. The Union was formed in the aftermath of the formation of the Union of Aragon in October 1283. Its essential purpose was as a tool of the Valencian nobility to be used against the influence of Catalans and foreigners on the actions of the Crown. By 1285 the Unions had severely curtailed the powers of the king and were hindering his efforts in the War of the Sicilian Vespers and against the Aragonese Crusade that invaded Catalonia that year. 
In 1347 during the "cortes" of Zaragoza, the Union of Valencia allied with that of Aragon and demanded the right to appoint a "Justícia" in Valencia like the Aragonese "Unidos" had. They then successfully besieged the royalist castle of Játiva. The Union persuaded Ferdinand, Prince of Aragon to be their lieutenant-general and, with an army of 30,000, he dealt the royalists a second defeat. Then Peter IV went from Barcelona to Valencia to negotiate with the leaders of the Union. The Aragonese union sent a troop of reinforcements, around 20,000, to Ferdinand. Peter offered to declare Ferdinand his heir, but negotiations broke down. Peter was briefly imprisoned in Morvedre in early 1348; only the arrival of the Black Death forced his release. When he had again obtained the upper hand, Peter ordered the "great bell" that had been used to rally the "Unidos" to be melted and its liquor poured down the throats of the Union's leaders. Peter was even implicated in the death (by poisoning) of his brother James I, Count of Urgell, that year; James had been a supporter of the Union. On 1 November 1348, the Union attacked the Jews of Morvedre because they, being by law serfs of the Crown, were considered "de jure" royalists. 
In 1401 King Martin granted the Union the right to use the royal flag, the "senyera" (actually a likeness of the "penó de la conquesta"), with the Union symbol on it.

</doc>
<doc id="19615788" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19615788" title="Omar Yoke Lin Ong">
Omar Yoke Lin Ong

Tun Haji Omar Ong Yoke Lin (Chinese: 翁毓麟) (July 23, 1917 – July 1, 2010) was a Malaysian politician, diplomat and businessman. He was a founding member of the Malaysian Chinese Association, and was a key figure in the country's road to independence. Ong served various positions in the government of Malaya and Malaysia, as a Cabinet minister and ambassador.
He was a Chinese Muslim-convert.
Early life and education.
Born Ong Yoke Lin on July 23, 1917 in Kuala Lumpur. He attended Pudu Girls' English School and later Victoria Institution, where he was contemporaries of, among others, Yahya Abdul Razak, Lee Siew Choh, Yaacob Latiff and Mahmood Ambak, the father-in-law of Abdullah Ahmad Badawi, the fifth Prime Minister of Malaysia. He passed the London Matriculation in 1935 and trained as a chartered accountant. He intended to read law, but his studies were put on hold by the Japanese occupation of Malaya.
Politics.
Omar helped found and joined the Malayan Chinese Association (MCA) in 1949. As a prominent Chinese leader, Ong was selected by the British High Commissioner as a member of the then fully appointed Selangor State Council and Federal Legislative Council.
In 1952, he and Yahya Abdul Razak mooted the idea of an alliance between MCA and the United Malays National Organisation (UMNO) for the Kuala Lumpur Municipal Council elections. This was the precursor to the formal Alliance Party. He contested and won a seat in that election, and was chosen as leader of the Alliance Party in the Municipal Council.
Omar went on to become MCA vice president and the Member of Parliament for Hulu Selangor.
In 1955, the Alliance Party won the first ever elections to the Federal Legislative Council under the leadership of Tunku Abdul Rahman. Omar was appointed Minister for Post and Telecoms in the Tunku's first Cabinet. Following the overwhelming support shown for the Alliance Party during the elections and the forming of the government, the Tunku led the Merdeka Delegation to London which successfully negotiated independence from the British. Omar joined the Tunku on his second trip to London in April 1957 to finalize the newly drafted Constitution of Malaya.
Independence & the formation of Malaysia.
On August 31, 1957, Omar was appointed to the first Cabinet of the newly independent Federation of Malaya, holding the Labour and Social Welfare portfolio. In 1959, he became Health Minister.
During negotiations to unite Malaya, Singapore, Sarawak and British North Borneo (later known as Sabah), Ong was Ambassador to the United Nations as Malaya focused on diplomacy amid regional tensions with Indonesia ("Konfrontasi"). 
Following the proclamation of the Federation of Malaysia, Ong continued to serve in the Cabinet as Minister without Portfolio until 1973. He served concurrently as High Commissioner to Canada in 1966 and as Ambassador to Brazil from 1967 to 1972. 
In 1973, he was elected President of the Dewan Negara and served until 1980.
Personal life.
Tun Omar was married to Toh Puan Dr. Aishah and had three children. He converted to Islam in 1961.
Death.
Ong died on July 1, 2010 due to old age. He was 92. His body was laid to rest at Makam Pahlawan near Masjid Negara, Kuala Lumpur.

</doc>
<doc id="19615809" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19615809" title="Sophie Menter">
Sophie Menter

Sophie Menter (29 July 1846 — 23 February 1918) was a German pianist and composer who became the favorite female student of Franz Liszt. She was called "l'incarnation de Liszt" in Paris because of her robust, electrifying playing style and was considered one of the greatest piano virtuosos of her time. She died at Stockdorf, near Munich.
Biography.
Sophie Menter was born in Munich, the daughter of cellist Josef Menter and singer Wilhelmine Menter (née Diepold). She studied piano with Siegmund Lebert and later Friedrich Niest. At 15, she played Carl Maria von Weber's "Konzertstück" for piano and orchestra with Franz Lachner conducting.
Her first concert appearances took her to Stuttgart, Frankfurt and Switzerland, and in 1867 she became acclaimed for her interpretation of Liszt's piano music at the Leipzig Gewandhaus. In Berlin, Menter became acquainted with the famous pianist Carl Tausig; she became a pupil of Liszt in 1869 after studying with Tausig and Hans von Bülow. Between 1872 and 1886 she was married to cellist David Popper. In 1881 she first appeared in England and was awarded honorary membership of the Royal Philharmonic Society two years later. In 1883 she became professor of piano at the Saint Petersburg Conservatory but left in 1886 to continue concertizing.
Because of her popularity, Menter succeeded with music that no other pianist would touch. This included Liszt's First Piano Concerto, which she played in Vienna in 1869, 12 years after its disastrous premiere there. One of her recital specialties was a piece entitled "Rhapsodies". This was a composite of three of Liszt's Hungarian Rhapsodies—Nos. 2, 6 and 12—along with fragments from several others. She also composed various pieces for piano, mainly in a brilliant style, yet referred to her own compositional talent as "miserable."
Description.
Liszt described Menter as "my only piano daughter"; he proclaimed that "No woman can touch her" and especially admired her "singing hand." Critic Walter Nieman described her style as "a blend of virtuosity and elegance; a great, round and full Lisztian kind of tone; fiery temperament; a masculine weight on the keys; plasticity; a through-and-through distinguished craft of shape and form; in which soul, spirit and technique are fused in harmony and union."
George Bernard Shaw, who heard Menter in 1890, wrote that she "produces an effect of magnificence which leaves Paderewski far behind ... Mme Menter seems to play with splendid swiftness, yet she never plays faster than the ear can follow, as many players can and do; and it is the distinctness of attack and intention given to each note that makes her execution so irrestibly impetuous."
Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky was also well acquainted with Menter, dedicating the full score of his "Concert Fantasia" to her (although the earlier piano arrangement is inscribed to Anna Yesipova). While staying with her in Austria in September 1892, he scored her "Ungarische Zigeunerweisen" ("Concerto in the Hungarian Style") for piano and orchestra; he also conducted the work at its premiere in Odessa four months later. However, it has been claimed that Franz Liszt either wrote the piano part or at least had a hand in it, but wanted his authorship of it hidden from Tchaikovsky..

</doc>
<doc id="19615812" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19615812" title="Voltron (disambiguation)">
Voltron (disambiguation)

Voltron may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19615813" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19615813" title="Katherine Mortimer, Countess of Warwick">
Katherine Mortimer, Countess of Warwick

Katherine Mortimer, Countess of Warwick (1314 – 4 August 1369) was the wife of Thomas de Beauchamp, 11th Earl of Warwick KG, an English peer, and military commander during the Hundred Years War. She was a daughter and co-heiress of Roger Mortimer, 1st Earl of March and Joan de Geneville, Baroness Geneville.
Sometime before 1355, she became an important figure at the royal court of King Edward III.
Family and lineage.
Katherine Mortimer was born at Ludlow Castle, Shropshire, England, in 1314, one of the twelve children and a co-heiress of Roger Mortimer, 1st Earl of March and Joan de Geneville, Baroness Geneville. Her paternal grandparents were Edmund Mortimer, 2nd Baron Mortimer and Margaret de Fiennes, and her maternal grandparents were Sir Piers de Geneville, of Trim Castle and Ludlow, and Jeanne of Lusignan.
Her father was de facto ruler of England together with his mistress Isabella of France, Queen consort of King Edward II, until his eventual capture and execution by the orders of King Edward III, eldest son of Isabella and King Edward II. The latter had been deposed in November 1326, and afterwards cruelly murdered by assassins acting under the orders of Mortimer and Queen Isabella. Katherine was sixteen years old when her father was hanged, Tyburn, London on 29 November 1330.
Roger Mortimer was NOT Hanged drawn and quartered as stated but only hanged and his body was left until monks from Greyfriars in London took it down.
Marriage.
On 19 April 1319, when she was about five years old, Katherine married Thomas de Beauchamp, 11th Earl of Warwick, eldest son of Guy de Beauchamp, 10th Earl of Warwick and Alice de Toeni. Their marriage required a Papal dispensation as they were related within the prohibited third and fourth degrees.
Beauchamp had succeeded to the earldom at the age of two, therefore Katherine was styled Countess of Warwick from the time of her marriage until her death. The marriage had been arranged in July 1318 in order to settle a quarrel between the two families over the lordship of Elfael, which was thus given to Katherine as her marriage portion.
For the term of his minority, Beauchamp's custody had been granted to Katherine's father, Roger Mortimer.
Katherine later became an important personage at the court of King Edward III. As a sign of royal favour she was chosen to stand as one of the godmothers, along with Queen Philippa of Hainault, to the latter's granddaughter, Philippa, Countess of Ulster in 1355. This honour bestowed on Katherine is described by 19th century author Agnes Strickland according to the Friar's Genealogy: "Her Countess of Ulster godmother also was of Warwick Countess, a lady likewise of great worthiness".
Issue.
Katherine and Beauchamp together had fifteen children:
Death and effigy.
Katherine Mortimer died on 4 August 1369 at the age of about fifty-five. Two years before her death, in 1367, Katherine was a legatee in the will of her sister Agnes de Hastings, Countess of Pembroke. Katherine was buried in St. Mary's Church, Warwick, Warwickshire. She lies alongside her husband, who died three months after her of the Black Death. Their tomb with well-preserved, alabaster effigies can be seen in the centre of the quire. Katherine is depicted wearing a frilled veil with a honeycomb pattern and she is holding hands with Beauchamp. The sides of the tomb chest are decorated with figures of mourners, both male and female.

</doc>
<doc id="19615830" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19615830" title="Edwin Stevens">
Edwin Stevens

(Arthur) Edwin Stevens CBE (17 October 1905 – 29 January 1995) was a Welsh inventor who designed the world's first wearable electronic hearing aid. He was also a philanthropist, becoming a major benefactor to the Royal Society of Medicine, and to Jesus College, Oxford, at which he had studied between 1927 and 1929.
Life.
Stevens was born at Panteg, Monmouthshire. He was educated at West Monmouth School, University College, Cardiff (obtaining a Bachelor of Science degree in physics in 1927) and Jesus College, Oxford (obtaining a further Bachelor's degree in Natural Sciences in 1929). He started working for the Radio Corporation of America and then as a salesman for a manufacturer of electrical hearing aids. As he considered that the products he was selling were inadequate, he set up his company (Amplivox) to make better hearing aids. He designed the world's first wearable electronic hearing aid: the microphone went on the lapel, the amplifier went in the jacket pocket and the earphone was small enough not to need a headband. Eventually, as technology improved, Stevens created a hearing aid that was small enough to fit completely in the outer ear. His hearing aids were used by Winston Churchill (who was Stevens's personal client), amongst others. He also designed audiometers and acoustic equipment such as protective communication headsets and helmets. He also had a comprehensive collection of aids to hearing, spanning 400 years. Stevens married Kathleen James in 1933; they had three sons, one of whom is Lord Stevens of Ludgate. Stevens died on 29 January 1995.
Charitable works.
He stepped down as chairman of Amplivox in 1975 and thereafter devoted himself to philanthropy. He supported the Royal Society of Medicine, founding the Edwin Stevens Lectures for Laity in 1970, and was made an Honorary Fellow of the Society in 1981. He inaugurated the Princess Alice Hospice in Esher, Surrey (where he lived for many years). He was also a major benefactor of Jesus College. He was a major contributor to the campaign to raise money to build further accommodation for students in the Third Quad of the college to mark the four hundredth anniversary of the college in 1971. He then donated further sums to enable student flats to be built by the college at a site in north Oxford, on the Woodstock Road. The flats were named Stevens Close in his honour and were opened by Queen Elizabeth II in 1976. He also made further gifts towards the building of further student flats at the college sportsground and to building a meeting and conference room in the main college buildings. He was made an Honorary Fellow of the college in 1973. In 1979, Stevens was appointed a Commander of the Order of the British Empire (CBE), "For charitable services, especially to Jesus College, University of Oxford." He was awarded an honorary doctorate by the University of Wales in 1984.

</doc>
<doc id="19615851" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19615851" title="Hermosa Soberana">
Hermosa Soberana

Hermosa Soberana (Spanish for "Beautiful and Sovereign") was the national anthem of Nicaragua from 1893 until 1910. 
The anthem was dedicated to General José Santos Zelaya, and it was adopted as the national anthem in September 1893. The music was composed by Alejandro Cousin (a son-in-law of General Santos), who also composed the 1889-1893 national anthem. The author is not exactly known, but probably it was written by one of the following three poets: Rubén Darío, Santiago Argüello or Manuel Maldonado. Although replaced in 1910, ""Hermosa Soberana"" is still popular as a patriotic song.
After the failure of last liberal revolution in 1910, this anthem was replaced by a more peaceful-like Salve a ti, Nicaragua in accordance with the peace spirit of a country that had just ended a series of civil wars.
Lyrics (in Spanish).
Hermosa Soberana 
English translation.
Beautiful Sovereign 

</doc>
<doc id="19615860" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19615860" title="Church of the Saviour, Beijing">
Church of the Saviour, Beijing

The Church of the Saviour (), colloquially referred to as Xishiku Church () or Beitang () is a historic Catholic church in the Xicheng District, Beijing, China. Of all the cathedrals and churches located in Beijing, the Xishiku church is one of the most ornate and magnificent.
The church was originally established by the Jesuits in 1703 near Zhongnanhai (opposite the former Beijing Library), on land bestowed by the Kangxi Emperor of the Qing Dynasty to the Jesuits in 1694, following his recovery from illness thanks to medical expertise of Fathers Jean-François Gerbillon and Joachim Bouvet. The emperor also hand-wrote the calligraphy plaque and couplets for the building. It was named "Saviour Church" and officially opened on 9 February 1703.
In 1887 the church was moved and rebuilt at its current location, at the request of the Guangxu Emperor, who needed the original space near the Forbidden City to create the Zhongnanhai Park. The cathedral's present cast iron Gothic architectural style and elaborate grey marble facade was built in 1890, under the direction of Lazarist missionary Bishop Pierre-Marie-Alphonse Favier (1837-1905), who designed it. The church stands in a spacious grounds surrounded by pine and oak tree and two Chinese pavilions.
The church is also where the Beijing Bishop Office is located and it is affiliated with the Patriotic Catholic Church of China.
The siege of Beitang (14 June-16 August 1900).
During the Boxer Uprising, the Roman Catholic Church's Beijing Northern Church (known as the Peitang, and later Beitang) was under siege by an estimated ten thousand Boxers from 14 June 1900 until 16 August 1900. Its defence was led by Pierre-Marie-Alphonse Favier (1837-1905), the Vicar Apostolic of the Roman Catholic Church's North Chihli Province, and architect of the cathedral. According to W.A.P. Martin, "the defence of that cathedral forms the most brilliant page in the history of the siege." Favier's "successful defense of Peking's Peitang Cathedral was nothing short of a Christian miracle." According to Martin, "The new, or northern, church, standing in an open ground by itself, was considered capable of defence. Monsignor Favier bravely resolved to hold it at all hazards, and thus preserve the lives of three thousand converts who had there taken refuge." As the cathedral was located inside the Imperial City, Beijing near the western Gate, about three kilometres (2 miles) from the Legation Quarter, it was isolated from the foreign Legations. Martin explains: Not until the siege was raised, however, had we any conception of the severity of the conflict that devoted band had to wage in order to keep the enemy at bay; for from us, though separated only by an interval of two miles in a direct line, they were cut off from communication as completely as if they had been situated at the north pole. 
The Eastern and Southern churches were heavily damaged, as were all other Roman Catholic properties in Beijing. Favier estimated that during the Boxer Uprising that between 15,000 and 20,000 members of his flock were killed and that three-quarters of the chapels were destroyed. During the siege, more than 3,900 people (including about one hundred Europeans, primarily women and children, and 850 orphans) sought sanctuary within the stone walls of the church, which was defended by only forty-one French and Italian marines, led by two French officers. Believing the church would be attacked by the Boxers, from mid-May Favier was able to collect huge stores of food, weapons and ammunition, but the large numbers of refugees necessitated severe rationing until the siege was lifted on 16 August 1900 by the Japanese military. During his trip to China in the summer of 1901, missionary statesman Arthur Judson Brown (1856-1963) interviewed Favier, who gave detailed description of the damage inflicted during the siege: 
I called on the famous Bishop. He was, for he has since died, a burly, heavily-bearded Frenchman of about sixty-five apparently. He received us most cordially and readily talked of the siege. He said that of the eighty Europeans and 3,400 Christians with him in the siege, 2,700 were women and children. Four hundred were buried, of whom forty were killed by bullets, twenty-five by one explosion, eighty-one by another and one by another. Of the rest, some died of disease but the greater part of starvation. Twenty-one children were buried at one time in one grave. Beside these 400 who were killed or who died, many more were blown to pieces in explosions so that nothing could be found to bury. Fifty-one children disappeared in this way and not a fragment remained.

</doc>
<doc id="19615931" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19615931" title="BSC Erlangen">
BSC Erlangen

The BSC Erlangen is a German association football club from the city of Erlangen, Bavaria. From 1957 to 1979, the club belonged to the "Amateurliga Bayern", the highest football league in the state and then the third division of German football.
History.
The club first rose to prominence in 1957, when, under the name of SpVgg Büchenbach, it gained promotion to the "Amateurliga Nordbayern" (III), from the "2nd Amateurliga Mittelfranken".
Avoiding relegation narrowly in its first season, 1957–58, it became a fixture in the highest Bavarian football league for the next two decades, belonging to it for 22 seasons. The club established itself as a mid-table side and in 1961–62 took out the league title. This qualified the club for the German amateur football championship, where it got knocked out in the first round. The season after, a seventh place proved to be just enough to qualify for the now unified Bavarian "Amateurliga" which kicked off in 1963.
The first two seasons in the "Bayernliga", the club had to play against relegation. After this, the "SpVgg" established itself in the upper half of the table. The club rose as far as to a third place finish in 1969–70. From 1976, the club's fortunes started to decline and it gradually slipped to the end of the table. In 1978–79, now with the league renamed "Amateur Oberliga Bayern", the club found itself relegated, finishing 16th out of 18 teams.
The club had been the last founding member of the league to have belonged to it without interruption. In the all-time table of the "Bayernliga" from 1963 to 2008, it still holds the 14th place out of 99 clubs.
Playing in the "Landesliga Bayern-Mitte" (IV) from 1979, the club struggled to establish itself in this league. In 1981, the SpVgg Büchenbach renamed itself to BSC Erlangen.
In the 1983–84 season, the club's fortunes improved somewhat, finishing fourth in the "Landesliga". After this season, it rapidly declined and in 1986 a last-place finish meant relegation to the "Bezirksliga" (V).
In 1988, a Mittelfranken Cup win earned the club a place in the "DFB Cup 1988-89", where it drew Bayer Leverkusen and lost 0–5 at home in the first round.
It took the "BSC" until 1991 to return to the "Landesliga". It returned with much better results and came second in the league in 1992–93, which qualified the club for the promotion play-off to the "Bayernliga", where they failed. The team remained a strong force in the league until 1995, when it slipped back to the lower half of the table. After battling relegation for a couple of seasons, the club finally was moved down in 1999–2000, now to the "Bezirksoberliga Mittelfranken".
The season after proved disastrous for the club, with only one win and three draws out of 30 games, a last place finish and relegation were inevitable.
After this, the "BSC" has been moving up and down between "Bezirksliga" and "Bezirksoberliga", playing in the later once more since 2008. At the end of the 2011-12 season the club dropped back to the Bezirksliga after finishing eleventh in the Bezirksoberliga but remained at the same tier as the Bezirksoberliga was disbanded.
The 2012–13 was a disastrous one for the club, winning only one game and conceding 214 goals. Consequently "BSC" was relegated to the Kreisliga. The decline of the once proud amateur club results from an Euro 800,000 dept and the inability to pay its players. Before the 2012–13 season the compete first team left the club, forcing "BSC" to field its reserve side. In the final games of the season the club was at times only able to field seven players.
Honours.
The club's honours:
Recent seasons.
The recent season-by-season performance of the club:
DFB Cup appearances.
The club has qualified for the first round of the German Cup just once:

</doc>
<doc id="19615946" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19615946" title="Mohamed Ali Mohamed">
Mohamed Ali Mohamed

Mohamed Ali Mohamed (born 29 April 1952) is a Djiboutian politician of the People's Rally for Progress (RPP).
Mohamed was born in the city of Djibouti. He worked at the Ministry of Trade and was first elected to the National Assembly of Djibouti in May 1982. In the December 1992 parliamentary election, he was the seventh candidate on the RPP candidate list for Djibouti city. After serving as Minister of the Economy, he was appointed as Minister of Finance and the Economy on 8 June 1995. As Minister of Finance, he announced austerity measures on 15 August 1995, following an International Monetary Fund recommendation for reduced government spending. In addition to raising the income tax by 50%, these measures aimed at reducing the amount spent on the civil service. Mohamed hoped that spending could be reduced by 6.6 billion Djiboutian francs in the period from September 1995 to December 1996.
In the December 1997 parliamentary election, Mohamed was re-elected as the second candidate on the joint candidate list of the RPP and the Front for the Restoration of Unity and Democracy (FRUD) for Djibouti city. On 28 December 1997, he was moved from his position as Minister of Finance to that of Minister of Labour and Vocational Training; subsequently, he was appointed as Minister of Energy and Natural Resources on 12 May 1999. He was also Secretary-General of the RPP until a session of the RPP Central Committee on 4 July 2003 chose Idriss Arnaoud Ali to replace Mohamed.
In the January 2003 parliamentary election, Mohamed was re-elected to the National Assembly as the second candidate on the candidate list of the ruling coalition, the Union for a Presidential Majority (UMP), in Djibouti city. He was not included on the UMP candidate list in the February 2008 parliamentary election and was succeeded by Moussa Bouh Odowa as Minister of Energy and Natural Resources on 31 March 2008. Mohamed was appointed as Technical Adviser to the Prime Minister on 1 April 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19615949" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19615949" title="Norman Doig">
Norman Doig

John Norman Doig (born 24 July 1910 – 29 July 2001) was an Australian rules footballer who played for East Fremantle in the West Australian National Football League (WANFL) during the 1930s. He also had a brief stint with Essendon in the Victorian Football League (VFL).
Doig was from a famous footballing family, with his first cousins George Doig and Ron Doig, amongst others, playing league football. His brothers Bill and Edgar also represented East Fremantle in the WANFL. He made a total of 138 senior appearances for East Fremantle, with Doig's two games at Essendon coming when he was in Melbourne on war service.

</doc>
<doc id="19615950" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19615950" title="Brunswick (Brittonkill) Central School District">
Brunswick (Brittonkill) Central School District

Brunswick (Brittonkill) Central School District (BCSD) is a rural fringe central school district located east of the city of Troy whose main campus resides in the town of Brunswick in Rensselaer County, New York, United States. The district has two operating school buildings: Tamarac Elementary School (Pre-K through 5) and Tamarac Secondary School (6 through 12). The district is a member of the Rensselaer-Columbia-Greene Board of Cooperative Educational Services (BOCES), known as Questar III.
The district was created upon the centralization (consolidation) of fourteen smaller districts in Brunswick, Pittstown, Grafton, and Poestenkill in 1956 and the high school opened in 1958. The first class graduated in 1960. The district had a combined student body of 1363 during the 2007-2008 school year.
History.
The district was created upon the centralization (consolidation) of local schools in 1956. Previously, Brunswick was serviced by twelve smaller districts, each usually made up of one single-room schoolhouse. Of those previous districts, only two of the original buildings exist in their original state.
Pre-centralization.
Upon the creation of the government of the Town of Brunswick in April 1807, three commissioners of schools were appointed. Their tasks were to develop schools within the town and offer funding using the Common School Fund, which the New York Legislature had set up in 1805 to help cover the costs of public education. In 1812, the Legislature developed a school district system in which each district was self-governing. These districts were typically small by necessity, so that students could walk or ride to school in a reasonable time period each day.
At the time, public schools were funded by a combination of population-based state reimbursement, taxes, and tuition paid by parents. In 1867, tuition was abolished, making public education free to all. At that time, attending school was voluntary, but by 1874, it became mandatory for students aged 8 to 14. Enforcement was sometimes difficult though, especially considering the agricultural economy that the area depended upon at the time.
By 1945, ten districts in Brunswick had a student population of 313 between first and ninth grades. Due to the added expenses of small districts (in an era becoming increasingly dominated by the automobile) and sometimes crumbling school facilities, the idea of consolidating smaller districts into one larger district (centralization) became a legitimate issue. By 1953, fourteen districts in Brunswick, Grafton, Pittstown, and Poestenkill were proposed for centralization. Eight of the districts were serviced by one-room schoolhouses with no running water.
Districts preceding centralization.
At the time just preceding centralization, Brunswick was served by twelve districts.
District #1 is located at the corner of Menemsha and Lansing Lanes and was commonly known as the Paul Springer School. The original schoolhouse was built in 1885 but burned down in 1970. The district became known as Brunswick Common School District after the Brunswick Central School District centralization. In the 1960s, students from the elementary school (the only building in the district) voted to name the school George Washington School. The district remained independent until merging into Averill Park Central School District in 1995.
District #2, known as the Garfield School, is located at the corner of Moonlawn Road and New York State Route 2 (Brunswick Road). The school was originally named for President James A. Garfield, who occasionally taught nearby. It was owned by BCSD until the mid-1980s when it was transferred to the Town of Brunswick. It currently houses the Brunswick Community Library and Brunswick Historical Society and was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
District #3 was known as the White Church School or the Horace Mann School. Little more information is easily found about the school.
District #4, known as the Pleasant Valley School, Rock Hollow School, or Cropseyville School, was located in the Pleasant Valley sector of Cropseyville on Brunswick Rd. This school was built in 1889 as a replacement for two nearby schools: one near the site of this school, and one on South Road. Today the building is a private residence.
District #5 was originally serviced by the McKinley School, located on New York State Route 7 (Hoosick Road), east of New York State Route 142 (Grange Road), and west of Town Office Road. The building was built around 1872 and the building still stands, housing a local business. The replacement schoolhouse, known as the Lee School, was located at Keyes Lane and Merrill Avenue. It was constructed in 1953 but soon closed due to centralization. It was then sold to the Brunswick Center Fire Department and used as a banquet hall until it was demolished in 1997 to be replaced by a new town community center.
District #6, most commonly known as the Little Red Schoolhouse, but also sometimes known as the Lincoln School, Brick School, or Rocky Road School, is located at the corner of Buck Road and New York State Route 278 (Brick Church Road). Built around 1830, the building is the oldest standing schoolhouse in Brunswick and is still owned by BCSD. It underwent renovations in the 1970s and received additional refurbishments in the latter half of the 2000s (decade). It was added to National Register of Historic Places in 2008.
District #7, known as the VanArnum School, was located on Grange Road north of Calhoun Drive. The school was closed and sold at public auction in 1953. District #7 was centralized into Lansingburgh Central School District.
District #8, located on Hoosick Road across from Mickle Hill Road, was known as the Haynerville School, most likely named for the hamlet. District #9, known as the Moody School, was located on Dater Hill Road. District #10, located on Brunswick Road, east of St. Mary's Cemetery entrance, was centralized into the Enlarged City School District of Troy. District #11, called the Sycaway School, was located on the corner of Hoosick Street and Lee Avenue. This district was consolidated into the Enlarged City School District of Troy and is the current site of School 18, one of that district's elementary schools. District #12 was known as the Tamarac School, which is the namesake of the current schools on the main campus. It was located on Camel Hill Road, off Tamarac Road. The school was built in 1864, but collapsed under the weight of snow during the winter of 1994-95.
Centralization.
In January 1945, the Town of Brunswick Trustees created a committee charged with gathering facts about school district centralization and reporting back to the community. In late 1945, the committee proposed a plan to the New York State Education Department, which was approved. Unfortunately the plan was out of the scope of a reasonable budget. By late 1950, town residents began commenting on the inadequacies of the then current infrastructure, equipment, and services within their schools. In early 1952, the district superintendent created a committee made up of one member from each school district to reevaluate centralization. By July 1953, the committee was formed and a chairman elected. That August, committee members met with members of the Education Department to discuss school programs and expected expenditures. It is estimated that an average teacher's salary would be $3,750 in 1956. In March 1954, the Centralization Committee produced a pamphlet entitled Digest of Facts to inform the community of the project. In April 1954, a citizens' advisory committee was created, made up of 48 individuals, representing all districts involved in centralization. By August, the committee produced A Partnership in Education pamphlet to be distributed in the area. On October 8, 1956, the citizens' committee voted to centralize and the first Board of Education was elected.
"Brittonkill".
While the official name of the district is that of the encompassing town, the name Brittonkill has been in use since 1956. The name is a combination of the names of the four main towns served by the district: Brunswick, Pittstown, Grafton, and Poestenkill. The district held a competition in late 1955 to replace its name "Central School District No. 2 of the Towns of Brunswick, Grafton, Pittstown and Poestenkill". First prize was Brittonkill, submitted by Charles Meeson (also the district treasurer at the time); second prize was "Pittwick", a combination of Brunswick and Pittstown, submitted by Sally Parker; and third prize was "Rock Hollow", the name of a hamlet just east of Cropseyville, submitted (coincidentally) by both Cynthia Pope and Susan Kehn. The Board of Education did not adopt "Brittonkill" on the first attempt, voting four to four on January 12, 1956, and the naming issue was tabled indefinitely on February 9, 1956.
The name can be found in use throughout the district. For example, the school's website uses the name Brittonkill rather than Brunswick <http://brittonkill.k12.ny.us>, the district seal (see above) uses Brittonkill, and all district buses are labeled "Brittonkill Central Schools". In addition, the Brittonkill Teachers' Association, Brittonkill PTSA, Brittonkill Educational Enrichment Program, and Brittonkill Education Foundation all make use of the name.
Media and official references to the district typically use the name Brunswick (as with budget votes and school closings) and sometimes "Brunswick (Brittonkill)", although many times the district is referred to (incorrectly) as Brittonkill Central School District. Sports reports will usually reference the Tamarac Bengals. On rare occasions, the school buildings may incorrectly be referred to as Brittonkill High/Middle/Elementary School.
Geography.
The district is bordered by Hoosic Valley Central School District and Hoosick Falls Central School District to the north; Berlin Central School District to the east; Averill Park Central School District to the south; and Enlarged City School District of Troy and Lansingburgh Central School District to the west.
Administration.
Board of Education.
The Board of Education (BOE) is the authoritative legislative body of the school district. It approves policy and funding; sets committees and district priorities; and approves employment (including the Superintendent) within the district, among other things. The president of the BOE is the "de facto" Chief Financial Officer of the district and the spokesperson of the Board. According to official policy:
The Board of Education is a legislative body responsible for the governance of the Brunswick School District in a manner consistent with the laws, rules and regulations of the State of New York and the United States of America... and as a body, is the unit of authority for the School District
Members are elected by district residents that are registered to vote. The election takes place on the third Tuesday in May annually. This is the same day as the budget vote. Each year, three board seats are up for election. Board members are not paid for their services to the district.
The BOE is made up of nine members, each serving a three-year term; there are no term limits. The current members are Matt Wade (President), Mike Fortun (Vice President), Robert Fitzgerald, Anthony Grab, Jacklyn Lindemann, Margaret McCarthy, Jack Roddey, Leah Wertz, and Judy Wienman.
Superintendent of Schools.
The Superintendent of Schools is Dr. Angelina Bergin, who began her tenure on July 1, 2013. The Superintendent is the Chief Executive and Administrative Officer of the district, is the official district spokesperson, and has "ex officio" membership to all district committees. The Superintendent is responsible for the day to day operations of the district in addition to administering policies of the Board.
Below is an incomplete list of past superintendents (incomplete in that it only spans back to 1984):
Schools.
Tamarac Secondary School (then Tamarac High School) opened in 1958 and the first class graduated in 1960. The building serves grades 6 through 12, has a total staffing of 81.3 (on FTE basis), 685 students, and has kept average class sizes below 25 pupils from 2004 to 2007. There is one building principal and one building assistant principal.
The district auditorium is located within the Secondary School. This is where graduations, school plays, concerts, and some BOE meetings take place. The auditorium lobby is also a polling place during general elections and budget votes.
The Secondary School hosts a state of the art video production studio, allowing students to take part in all aspects of the media production process. Morning announcements are produced live in the studio, hosted by a teacher and student.
The red "TAMARAC" letters found on the front façade of the building (see image at left) were the class gift of the Class of 2003
Tamarac Elementary School opened in 1965. It currently serves grades Pre-K through 5. The building has a total staffing of 55.92 (on FTE basis), 668 students, and has kept average class sizes at or below 22 pupils from 2004 to 2007. There is one building principal.
While the latest school report card and NCES records do not mention a Pre-K program, one has been initiated during the 2008-2009 school year on a limited basis.
Student body.
Ethnicity.
Students during the 2006-2007 school year:
Grade level.
Students during the 2006-2007 school year:
Testing scores.
Data of passing rates (≥ 65%) for students taking Regents exams in the 2006-2007 school year:
Other statistics.
According to reports, more than 90% of the class of 2007 intended on attending either a two-year or four-year college after graduating high school, almost half of which planned on attending a four-year institution. The following is additional data for the 2006-2007 school year:
Curriculum.
The district follows the general curriculum set forth by the Board of Regents of the University of the State of New York, under the direction of the Commissioner of Education and the New York State Education Department. To graduate, a student must have at least four credits each of English and social studies; three credits each of math and science; two credits each of gym class and foreign language classes; one credit of fine art; and one-half credit of health class. The student must also have at least 22 credits overall and pass a prescribed amount of state tests to receive a Regents diploma. For all subjects except gym and health, a full-year course is equal to one credit. Each year of gym class is equal to one-half credit and one-half year of health class is equal to the required amount of health credit.
In addition, the secondary school offers many electives such as digital photography, media production, studio in art, drawing, painting, band, chorus, choralaires, Latin roots, public speaking, fundamentals of Microsoft Office Suite, in addition to many others. The secondary school offers two AP classes: AP US History and AP Physics (B and ). The district's foreign language options include Spanish, French, and Russian. Most of this information can be found in the High School Curriculum Guide, which is published by the high school Counseling Center.
Students have the opportunity to take part in a number of New Visions programs offered by Questar III and Capital Region BOCES. New Visions programs are higher-level and hands-on learning programs offered to students that apply to take it their senior years and take place at different locations around the capital district. Choices include the New Visions: Math, Engineering, Science, and Technology program, the New Visions: Medicine and Allied Health program, New Visions: Scientific Research and World Health program, the New Visions: Visual and Performing Arts program, New Visions: Health Career Exploration program, the New Visions: Health Services and Special Education program, the New Visions: Law and Government program, and the New Visions: Journalism and Media Studies program.
Dependent upon funding, students also have the opportunity to attend the new four-year Tech Valley High School. Even if a student attends Tech Valley High School, the student still receives their diploma from their home school district.
Athletics.
All of the athletic teams are known as the Tamarac Bengals. Football offers varsity, junior varsity (JV), and modified teams. The varsity team is in Class C and in 2008 had its first winning season in over a decade. Soccer offers varsity, JV, and modified teams for both boys and girls. The boys' varsity team is in Class B of the Wasaren League and won the sectionals game against Cohoes in 2008, but lost the regionals game to Plattsburgh. Basketball offers varsity, JV, and modified for both boys and girls. For the school's fiftieth anniversary, the athletic department released a list of the top 50 boys' varsity players of all time. Cheerleading is offered both for football and basketball seasons. Baseball and girls' softball both offer varsity and JV teams. Wrestling offers varsity, JV, and modified teams. Volleyball is only offered to girls and has varsity, JV, and modified teams. Cross country offers varsity and modified teams and includes many athletes from the track and field team. Recently added was a golf team.
Student organizations.
The high school offers a significant number of extracurricular student organizations. One of the major events is the school play. The high school and middle school each have a play on opposite years. In 2008, the high school presented their adaptation of Beauty and the Beast.
In addition, the school offers these student organizations:
Infrastructure.
Besides the two school buildings on the main campus, the district also owns another school building, Parker School, in Pittstown.
The campus has one main sports field, complete with bleachers, a reporters' box, concession stand, and newly installed storage building. The track that surrounds the main field underwent a significant upgrade in the late 1990s from a small dirt track to a professional running track. The field is used for both football and soccer. The area is also used for track and field events such as high jump, long jump, and pole vault. Elsewhere on campus there are three soccer fields, one baseball diamond, two softball diamonds, one outdoor basketball court, and two tennis courts.
The district owns and runs its own bussing service. The bus garage is located on Tamarac Road, about one half mile from the main campus.
The main campus is serviced by a trickling filter type wastewater treatment plant, which replaced a large septic tank and leach field in the early 2000s (decade).

</doc>
<doc id="19615958" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19615958" title="Church of Our Lady of Mount Carmel, Beijing">
Church of Our Lady of Mount Carmel, Beijing

The Church of Our Lady of Mount Carmel (圣母圣衣堂), more often colloquially referred to as Xizhimen Church (西直门天主堂), is a Roman Catholic Church located on the southern side at n.130 of Xizhimen Neidajie in Beijing. It is commonly referred to as Xitang (西堂, the West Church) to the locals.
The church at Xizhimen was the last among the four historic Catholic churches in Beijing. The West Church was first built in the first year of Emperor Yongzheng (1723) by the Italian Lazarist missionary Teodorico Pedrini: it was the first non-Jesuit church in Beijing.
After Pedrini's death the church was run by Carmelites and then Augustinians, who were there when it was destroyed in 1811. The church was rebuilt in 1867. After a second destruction in 1900 during the Boxer Rebellion, it was built again in 1912 as we can see it today. 
Delicate Collins pillars and Gothic peaked arches inside the church create a grand, elegant and solemn impression upon visitors.
There is red graffiti written on the church from the time of the Cultural Revolution, which the church deliberately retained.
There is a Mass in French, every Sunday at 11 o'clock.
Stone Inscription.
　使會司鐸德理格於一千七百二十
聖母七苦堂一座一千八百一十一年
　至一千八百六十七年主教孟慕理
　一千九百年六月十五日遭拳匪之
　無遺一千九百十二年仁愛會脩女
　落成之日北京林主教飭勒石以誌
　西曆一千九百十三年二月　勒石

</doc>
<doc id="19615976" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19615976" title="Mildred Veitch">
Mildred Veitch

Anna Mildred Veitch B.A. (1889 – 1971) was the last member of the Veitch family of horticulturists to manage the family business of Veitch Nurseries.
She was the daughter of Peter Veitch and his wife, Harriett Drew, and after completing her education joined the family business in Exeter. Following her father's death in 1929, she took over the business although she retained the business name, "Robert Veitch and Son".
In 1931, the nurseries made their final move to larger premises in Alphington which were closer to another large site in Exminster. The interests in the High Street, Exeter were moved to Cathedral Close, and this shop and seed warehouse remained in business until the late 1960s. 
The independence of the Veitch Nurseries ended in 1969 when Mildred was forced to sell the company to St Bridget Nurseries due to ill health. The business of Robert Veitch and Son Ltd was run separately for nearly twenty years, but Veitch’s is now a subsidiary of St. Bridget and no longer trades under its own name. 
She is commemorated by a "Camellia" ""Mildred Veitch"".

</doc>
<doc id="19615977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19615977" title="Ryūsei Kishida">
Ryūsei Kishida

Biography.
Kishida was born in the Ginza district of Tokyo in 1891 as the son of Kishida Ginkō, a noted journalist who once assisted James Curtis Hepburn compile his Japanese-English dictionary. Kishida left school in 1908 to study Western-style art under Kuroda Seiki at his "Hakubakai" studio. He began exhibiting his works at the government’s annual "Bunten" exhibition in 1910.
While his earliest works reflect the plein-air style promoted by Kuroda, Kishida later became close friends with Mushanokōji Saneatsu and his "Shirakaba" (White Birch Society), through which he was introduced to fauvism and cubism. He formed his own artistic circle called "Fyūzankai" (Fusain Society) in 1912 to help promote the styles of humanism and post-impressionism. The group soon collapsed due to internal conflicts after holding two exhibitions, but Kishida created another circle called "Sōdosha" in 1915. Among his associates in this group was the artist Kōno Michisei.
From around 1917, Kishida relocated his residence to the seaside Kugenuma neighborhood of Fujisawa, Kanagawa, near the summer home of his friend Mushanokōji. He also began to incorporate the techniques of northern European Renaissance artists such as Albrecht Dürer and Van Dyke into realistic portraiture, but did not directly copy their styles. During this period, he painted his famous series of paintings of his daughter Reiko, which combine photographic realism with almost surreal decorative elements, which exhibit the tension between expressionism and technique. His famous "Kiritōshi no shasei", also painted near this time realistically depicts a path through a hill. However, it is not an actual path that Kishida viewed and painted, but is a “universal scene” which could be set anywhere in the world, at any point in time.
In the early 1920s, Kishida suddenly expressed a new interest for nihonga, incorporating elements from eastern art, in particular Chinese paintings of the Song and Yuan dynasties, as well as early "ukiyo-e" paintings. His home in Kugenuma was destroyed by the Great Kanto Earthquake of 1923, and he moved to Kyoto for a brief period before moving to Kamakura in February 1926. In the 1920s, he came to be noted as an art historian as well as a painter, writing numerous articles on Aesthetics and Japanese painting.
In 1929, sponsored by the South Manchuria Railway Company, Kishida made his one and only overseas trip, visiting Dalian, Fengtian and Harbin in Manchuria. On his way back to Kamakura, he made a stop at Tokuyama, Yamaguchi, where he died of uremia at the age of 38. His grave is at the Tama Cemetery in Fuchū, Tokyo.
After his death, Kishida’s of his paintings were designated National Important Cultural Properties by the Japanese government's Agency for Cultural Affairs.
In December 2000, one of his portraits "Reiko a shawl on her shoulders" was sold for 360 million Yen, the highest price ever achieved in auction for a Japanese painting.

</doc>
<doc id="19616004" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19616004" title="2008 Kremlin Cup – Men's Singles">
2008 Kremlin Cup – Men's Singles

Nikolay Davydenko was the defending champion, but lost in the quarterfinals to Marat Safin.
Igor Kunitsyn won in the final 7–6(8–6), 6–7(4–7), 6–3, against Marat Safin.

</doc>
<doc id="19616015" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19616015" title="Creampie (sexual act)">
Creampie (sexual act)

Creampie, also known as internal ejaculation, internal cum shot and, in homosexual contexts, also known as breeding and seeding, is a slang term used in pornography to describe when a male ejaculates inside his partner's anus or vagina. The term also refers to the visible seeping or dripping of semen from the vagina (or anus).
Use in pornography.
Internal ejaculation shots are a comparatively recent development in pornography; they are not found in early pornographic films. The use of the word "creampie" to describe such scenes originated in U.S. pornography in the early 2000s. 
Internal ejaculations, followed by images of semen dripping from the anus, are sometimes depicted in bareback gay pornography, where they are referred to by the term "breeding" or the "reverse money shot". Breeding is sometimes followed by felching, which involves sucking the semen from the partner's anus.
In straight pornography, intercourse is traditionally followed by a facial, pearl necklace or other visible ejaculation. Creampie scenes depart from heterosexual pornographic convention in favour of a depiction that more closely mimics sexual intercourse as performed in ordinary life; they have been called the "counterimage" of facials. Perhaps following the example set by gay pornography, they have become a popular subgenre within heterosexual pornography since the turn of the century, featuring both vaginal and anal ejaculations. In some creampie films, both gay and straight, intercourse and internal ejaculation are followed by performers licking up the semen that has dripped from their bodies. Some pornographic films use an artificial semen substitute to simulate or enhance creampie shots. 
Examples of heterosexual pornographic film series featuring creampies include "Cream Filled Teens" and "Internal Cumbustion". In male homosexual pornography, Treasure Island Media is a notable representative, its title "Breed Me" (1999) having been noted as one of the "earliest and most notorious" in the genre.
Health risks.
The production of pornography featuring internal ejaculations involves unprotected sex, increasing the risk of pregnancy in women and sexually transmitted diseases such as HIV. The risk of STD is markedly increased in anal ejaculations. 
In 2004, in a much publicized case, novice pornographic actress Lara Roxx contracted multiple infections, including HIV, from Darren James while filming a scene featuring an anal creampie. James had contracted HIV from having unprotected anal sex with a woman while on a trip to Brazil. He had tested negative for HIV after his return from the trip, and infected three out of 13 actresses he worked with before testing positive in a subsequent test and ceasing to perform. 

</doc>
<doc id="19616028" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19616028" title="Mas (surname)">
Mas (surname)

Mas (, ) is a surname of Catalan and Occitan or North German and Dutch origin. It accounts for 0.068% of the population in Spain, with 0.879% found amongst Catalans, and 0.017% in France.

</doc>
<doc id="19616038" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19616038" title="Möbius configuration">
Möbius configuration

In geometry, the Möbius configuration or Möbius tetrads is a certain configuration in Euclidean space or projective space, consisting of two mutually inscribed tetrahedra: each vertex of one tetrahedron lies on a face plane of the other tetrahedron and vice versa. Thus, for the resulting system of eight points and eight planes, each point lies on four planes (the three planes defining it as a vertex of a tetrahedron and the fourth plane from the other tetrahedron that it lies on), and each plane contains four points (the three tetrahedron vertices of its face, and the vertex from the other tetrahedron that lies on it).
Möbius's theorem.
The configuration is named after August Ferdinand Möbius, who in 1828 proved that, if two tetrahedra have the property that seven of their vertices lie on corresponding face planes of the other tetrahedron, then the eighth vertex also lies on the plane of its corresponding face, forming a configuration of this type. This incidence theorem is true more generally in a three-dimensional projective space if and only if Pappus's theorem holds for that space (Reidemeister, Schönhardt), and it is true for a three-dimensional space modeled on a division ring if and only if the ring satisfies the commutative law and is therefore a field (Al-Dhahir). By projective duality, Möbius' result is equivalent to the statement that, if seven of the eight face planes of two tetrahedra contain the corresponding vertices of the other tetrahedron, then the eighth face plane also contains the same vertex.
Related constructions.
Euclidean space: such configurations have the shorthand notation formula_1.
They must have obtained their information from the article by .
This actually states, depending upon results by , , and , that there are five formula_1 configurations with the property that
at most two planes have two points in common, and dually at most two points are common to two planes. (This condition means that every three points may be non-collinear and dually three planes may not have a line in common.)
However, there are ten other formula_1 configurations that do not have this condition, and all fifteen configurations are realizable in real three-dimensional space. The configurations of interest are those with two tetrahedra, each inscribing and circumscribing the other, and these are precisely those that satisfy the above property. Thus, there are five configurations with tetrahedra, and they correspond to the five conjugacy classes of the symmetric group formula_4.
One obtains a permutation from the four points of one tetrahedron S = ABCD to itself as follows: each point P of S is on a plane containing three points of the second tetrahedron T. This leaves the other point of T, which is on three points of a plane of S,
leaving another point Q of S, and so the permutation maps P → Q. The five conjugacy classes have representatives e, (12)(34), (12), (123), (1234) and, of these, the Möbius configuration corresponds to the conjugacy class e. It could be denoted Ke.
It is stated by Steinitz that if two of the complementary tetrahedra of Ke are formula_5, and formula_6 then the eight planes are given by formula_7 with
formula_8 odd, while the even sums and their complements correspond to all pairs of complementary tetrahedra that in- and circumscribe in the model of Ke.
It is also stated that by Steinitz that the only formula_1 that is a geometrical theorem is the Möbius configuration. However that is disputed:
and one other. The latter (which corresponds to the conjugacy class (12)(34) above) is also a theorem for all three-dimensional projective spaces over a field, but not over a general division ring. There are other close similarities between the two configurations, including the fact
that both are self-dual under Matroid duality. In abstract terms, the latter configuration has "points" 0...,7 and "planes" 0125+i, (i = 0...,7), where these integers are modulo eight. This configuration, like Möbius, can also be represented
as two tetrahedra, mutually inscribed and circumscribed: in the integer representation the tetrahedra can be 0347 and 1256. However, these two formula_1 configurations are non-isomorphic, since Möbius has four pairs of disjoint planes,
while the latter one has no disjoint planes. For a similar reason (and because pairs of planes are degenerate quadratic surfaces), the Möbius configuration is on more quadratic surfaces of three-dimensional space than the latter configuration.
The Levi graph of the Möbius configuration has 16 vertices, one for each point or plane of the configuration, with an edge for every incident point-plane pair. It is isomorphic to the 16-vertex hypercube graph "Q"4. A closely related configuration, the Möbius–Kantor configuration formed by two mutually inscribed quadrilaterals, has the Möbius–Kantor graph, a subgraph of "Q"4, as its Levi graph.

</doc>
<doc id="19616042" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19616042" title="Majid (comics)">
Majid (comics)

This article is about a children comic book 
Majid () is a pan-Arab comic book anthology and children's magazine published in Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates by the Abu Dhabi Media Company. It has been in circulation, and is released on a weekly basis, since 28 February 1979.
"Majid" is widely read in most Arab states, and it had a weekly distribution of 175,000 as of 2005. Syria does not have "Majid". One of the series in "Majid" is "Kaslan Jiddan" (كسلان جداً lit. Very Lazy), a story of a boy named Kaslan, who tries to act like an adult and finds himself in conflicts because of it.

</doc>
<doc id="19616063" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19616063" title="List of Ambassadors of the United Kingdom to Lebanon">
List of Ambassadors of the United Kingdom to Lebanon

The Ambassador from the United Kingdom to Lebanon is the United Kingdom's foremost diplomatic representative in the Lebanese Republic, and in charge of the UK's diplomatic mission in Lebanon.

</doc>
<doc id="19616069" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19616069" title="International School Dhaka">
International School Dhaka

International School Dhaka (ISD) is a co-educational International Baccalaureate World School in Dhaka, Bangladesh which opened in 1999. The school enrolls students in the age range of 3 – 18, from Playgroup through to Grade 12, providing an international education for local and expatriate children living in Bangladesh. The school has teachers from New Zealand, Canada, Russia, India, USA, UK, Australia, Sri Lanka and Netherlands.
The school is recognized by the Bangladesh Ministry of Education and is accredited by the Council of International Schools, the New England Association of Schools and Colleges and authorized by the International Baccalaureate Organization.
Campus.
International School Dhaka) is an oasis away from the hustle and bustle of the city. It is situated on the north-west of the city in the residential area of Bashundhara. The 4.5 hectare campus has centrally air-conditioned buildings including classrooms, specialist teaching rooms such as science laboratories, design and technology laboratories, art rooms and art exhibition rooms. Information Communication Technology supports all aspects of schools operations. 
Other facilities include an automated library, a sports hall/gymnasium, swimming pool, movie theatre, auditorium, art studios, cafeteria, playing field, tennis courts, basketball courts, playing areas and community gardens. Students are accompanied by teachers on field trips both local and overseas. They also take part in community projects.
Curriculum.
The curriculum comprises the Early Years and the International Baccalaureate Primary Years Programme (PYP), Middle Years Programme (MYP) and the Diploma Programme. Graduates achieve results above the world average in the IB Diploma and attend universities in the United States, Canada, Netherlands, Norway, India, UAE, Singapore, Malaysia, Korea, Australia, and the United Kingdom.
International Baccalaureate subjects.
International School Dhaka offers the following courses at IB Higher and Standard level:
Community Action Service.
International School Dhaka's campus is home to the most sophisticated auditorium in Bangladesh. Here students from Primary and Secondary take part in productions of musical theater, drama, piano concerts, award shows, and charity awareness programs. 
An aspect of learning at ISD is for a student to develop experience in helping the community through volunteering in charitable causes and non-profit organizations (for example, Habitat for Humanity).
Students in Secondary School participate in the Model United Nations(MUN), with the team traveling to Malaysia, Singapore, and other nations around the world to partake in the annual MUN meetings. ISD is host to the local Model United Nations debate.
Sports.
The school has one of the largest fields in Dhaka city, dubbed "The Field of Dreams". Other ISD facilities include a fully air-conditioned indoor basketball and gymnastics arena, a heated Olympic sized swimming pool and audience gallery, an outdoor basketball court, and two outdoor tennis courts. Each student participates in annual sporting events including a Sports Day and Swimming Meet. Students participate in a yearly Health and Fitness Week, where all classes begin an hour later to accommodate early morning yoga, jogging, dance, and other fitness activities; where students can also volunteer to teach. 
International School Dhaka also has some of the most successful secondary school sports teams in Bangladesh. 
Sports teams: 
Recent Achievements:
- ISD High School Boy's Basketball team won their first DISA championship in March 2012.
- ISD Middle School Boy's won the ISD MS Boys Football league in the 2012-13 season. 
- ISD High School Boys Football team came runner's up in the latest AIFT.

</doc>
<doc id="19616084" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19616084" title="Majid">
Majid

Majid or Majed may refer to:
See also.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Names_of_God_in_Islam
لمجيد *Al-Majīd All-Glorious, The Majestic 11:73
لماجد *Al-Mājid The Illustrious, The Magnificent 85:15, 11:73, 

</doc>
<doc id="19616087" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19616087" title="Eugene Youth Symphony">
Eugene Youth Symphony

The Eugene Youth Symphony is the major youth orchestra serving Eugene, Oregon, United States and its outlying areas. Founded in 1934, the Eugene Youth Symphony is the second-oldest youth orchestra west of the Mississippi. The Eugene Youth Symphony is funded by Arts Umbrella (now known as the Eugene Springfield Youth Orchestras), a Eugene-based non-profit organization that provides arts education opportunities for children in Lane County, OR. The Eugene Youth Symphony performs several concerts annually and is conducted by Dr. Jason Duckles.

</doc>
<doc id="19616088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19616088" title="One Act Play (band)">
One Act Play (band)

One Act Play is an instrumental rock, post-rock band from Dallas, Texas. Heavily influenced by and often compared to bands such as Mogwai, Explosions In The Sky, and The Cancer Conspiracy, One Act Play has been known for their impassioned and diverse sound, from simple profound elements of post rock to off-the-wall psychedelic/progressive patterns.
Biography.
One Act Play was established in August 2003 by Chris Sanchez and Bob Aranda. After being introduced to each other through mutual friends, the band was formed after one practice session while both were still in high school. The band became complete when Bob’s younger brother, Chito, received a low-budget beginner drum set for his 12th birthday. It was this first lineup that saw One Act Play began playing any shows possible throughout Dallas, usually making them an “oddball” band as they were commonly booked alongside hardcore, metal, and pop-rock bands. Nevertheless, the band’s unique and refreshing sound, along with their ambitious attitudes, contributed to their local following and buildup. In June 2005, One Act Play released the ""One Act Play EP"", their first studio recording. In August 2005, Chito dismissed himself from the band, which left Chris and Bob to search for a replacement. Ironically with assistance from Chito, they found their new drummer, Matthew Vasquez, in March 2006. Over the course of the next two years, the band sporadically gigged while further developing their sound into something that was their own. 
In May 2008, the band commenced recording sessions for what was to be their first full-length. Having already written new music and recorded demos since Matthew’s induction, the band found themselves at a new peak, creating anticipation amongst older fans, buzz within new fans, and landing them more gigs than ever before including some alongside From Monument to Masses and They Mostly Come Out At Night. In July 2009, the band's productivity began to decline as personal circumstances changed for some of the members and creative differences started to be presented within the internal functions of the band. Though they may have already been on hiatus, it wasn't until January 2010 that some sort of announcement was made referencing their inactive status.

</doc>
<doc id="19616091" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19616091" title="Dave Edwards (Scottish footballer)">
Dave Edwards (Scottish footballer)

Dave Edwards was a Scottish football (soccer) goalkeeper who played professionally in both Scotland and the United States during the early twentieth century.
Football.
Edwards began his career in Scotland. He was Morton's goalkeeper when they won the Scottish Cup in 1922. He had also kept goal for Rutherglen Glencairn in 1919 when they won the Scottish Junior Cup. On 23 August 1926, Edwards signed with Bethlehem Steel F.C. of the American Soccer League. He played a total of 75 league games with Bethlehem from 1926 until the team was suspended by the ASL five games into the 1928–1929 season as part of the "Soccer Wars". At that time, Bethlehem moved to the Eastern Soccer League. Edwards stats for that league are unknown, but at some point during the season, he left Bethlehem Steel and transferred to the New Bedford Whalers of the ASL. In 1929, he moved west to Holley Carburetor F.C. in the Detroit League. In 1930, Edwards returned to Scotland, beginning the 1930–1931 season with Greenock Morton F.C. In February 1931, he transferred to Cowdenbeath F.C. After spending a season minding the net for Cowden, he enjoyed a final season in the seniors with Dundee.
Post-football career.
Following his retirement, he was a wicketkeeper/batsman with Cowdenbeath Cricket Club and ran the refreshment stall behind the stand at Central Park. In 1945, he was a member of the 6-man committee of the Cowdenbeath Football Trust which succeeded in reviving Cowdenbeath FC after the war. Dave was a constructional engineer and was employed at Burntisland Shipyard. During the War, he had been a Special Constable. He died at the age of only 46 at his home in Primmer Place, Cowdenbeath in 1946.

</doc>
<doc id="19616093" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19616093" title="Mount Clare Shops">
Mount Clare Shops

The Mount Clare Shops is the oldest railroad manufacturing complex in the United States, located in Baltimore, Maryland. It was founded by the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad (B&O) in 1829. Mt. Clare was the site of many inventions and innovations in railroad technology. It is now the site of the B&O Railroad Museum. The museum and Mt. Clare station were designated a National Historic Landmark in 1961.
History.
The Mount Clare site was a portion of an estate owned by Charles Carroll (barrister), a distant cousin of Charles Carroll of Carrollton. (See Mount Clare (Maryland).) The initial operations of the B&O used horsecars, and the earliest facilities on the Mt. Clare site included a depot and stables for horses. This was one of the earliest passenger stations in the United States.
Following the 1830 manufacture of the first U.S. steam locomotive by Peter Cooper at the nearby Canton Iron Works, the B&O began building locomotives at Mt. Clare, as well as freight cars, passenger cars, bridges and other railroad equipment. Ross Winans and Phineas Davis, pioneers in locomotive design, built their inventions at Mt. Clare. The shops employed 100 workers in 1839.
The B&O built an ironworks at Mt. Clare in 1850. The first iron railroad bridges, designed by Wendel Bollman, were built in the Mt. Clare shops in the 1850s. A roundhouse, engine service and car shops, and a new depot were also built at Mt. Clare during this period.
After the Civil War, the railroad built a foundry, blacksmith shop, additional car shops and an office building at Mt. Clare. In 1882, the railroad added a bridge fabrication shop. A circular (actually 22-sided) passenger car shop, sometimes mislabeled as a roundhouse, was designed by noted architect E. Francis Baldwin and completed in 1884. At the time of completion it was the largest circular industrial building in the world, in diameter and high.
Mt. Clare shops employed 1,000 workers by 1852 and over 3,000 in the 1920s.
Between 1900 and 1920, the B&O erected a large locomotive shop, sawmill, machine shop, a grain elevator and a tender shop. Air-conditioned passenger cars were developed by the B&O and the Carrier Corporation at Mt. Clare in the late 1920s.
The railroad built its last steam locomotive at Mt. Clare in 1948. During the 1950s, as the railroad increased its use of diesel locomotives, there was less demand for steam locomotive and machine shop work at Mt. Clare. The railroad abandoned use of the circular car shop in 1953 and made it available for use by the museum.
In 1962, a fire destroyed the Mt. Clare locomotive erecting shop. The Chesapeake and Ohio Railway (C&O) purchased the B&O, also in 1962, and subsequently locomotive repairs were handled at the B&O shops in Cumberland, Maryland. Only car repairs were continued at Mt. Clare, until 1974, when all shop work on the site was discontinued. By this time many of the buildings were in disrepair, and most were demolished by 1976, except for those used by the museum. CSX Transportation, the successor railroad company, sold portions of the property, and of the Mt. Clare site have been retained by the museum.

</doc>
<doc id="19616117" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19616117" title="2008 Kremlin Cup – Women's Singles">
2008 Kremlin Cup – Women's Singles

Elena Dementieva was the defending champion, but lost in the semifinals to Jelena Janković.
Jelena Janković won in the final 6–2, 6–4, against Vera Zvonareva.
Seeds.
The top four seeds receive a bye into the second round. 

</doc>
<doc id="19616137" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19616137" title="Skeletons (Stevie Wonder song)">
Skeletons (Stevie Wonder song)

"Skeletons" is a number-one R&B single by American recording artist Stevie Wonder in 1987 from his album, "Characters". The song earned Stevie Wonder two 1988 Grammy Award nominations for Best R&B Song and Best Male R&B Vocal Performance, while the album "Characters" would be nominated the following year for Best R&B Male Vocal Performance.
"Skeletons" went to number one on the Black Singles Chart, and peaked on the "Billboard" Hot 100 at number 19, becoming the final top 40 hit for Wonder to date. The single also peaked at number 20 on the dance chart.
The song is an soul/R&B jam about lies and deceptions being uncovered. One version features short sound bites from prominent figures such as Col. Oliver North ("I am not ashamed of anything in my professional and personal conduct") and President Ronald Reagan ("The United States has not made concessions to those who hold our people captive in Lebanon") among others. This has remained a popular R&B uptempo song for Stevie Wonder, as well receiving airplay from urban radio stations.
The song was featured in the 1988 (jobs) action film "Die Hard", played when the character Argyle speaks on the phone.
The song was also used in the second trailer of the videogame "Grand Theft Auto V", as well as appearing on the in-game radio station "Space 103.2", reigniting the popularity of the song on sites such as YouTube.
Music video.
The video depicts a very different interpretation of the song. In it, Stevie is sitting on the front porch of his home, in a typical white-picket-fence American neighborhood. As the video progresses, he greets his archetypical neighbors, and we are shown who they are; then we are shown their "skeletons". Karen Black is featured as the "perfect" mother and housewife who is secretly an alcoholic. Next is the businessman, a "pillar of the community" who cross-dresses in private. Then, the "all-American girl next door" is shown to be secretly being molested by her father. Lastly, we are shown the athletic "all-American boy next door" who is actually a cocaine addict.

</doc>
<doc id="19616159" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19616159" title="Majid Al Futtaim Group">
Majid Al Futtaim Group

Majid Al Futtaim Group () is a holding company based in Dubai, that owns and operates shopping malls, retail, and leisure establishments in the Middle East and North Africa, with operations in 12 countries and over 24,000 employees. The group was established by businessman Majid Al Futtaim in 1992. Majid Al Futtaim manages three major operating subsidiaries: Majid Al Futtaim Properties, Majid Al Futtaim Retail, and Majid Al Futtaim Ventures.
Majid Al Futtaim Group is one of the MENA region's developers of large commercial retail properties. The group owns and operates 16 shopping malls with over one million square meters of GLA (Gross Leasable Area), 56 hypermarkets and 53 supermarkets, 11 hotels, 9 movie theater locations with 92 screens, 16 Magic Planet sites and 45 fashion stores.
Majid Al Futtaim Properties.
Majid Al Futtaim Properties develops, owns and manages shopping malls throughout the MENA region.
Shopping malls.
Majid Al Futtaim Properties mall holdings include:
Hotels.
The Hotels Business Unit focuses on the development and asset management of hotels connected to or close to the company's shopping malls and within its master-planned communities. Hotels at Majid Al Futtaim Properties include 11 operational hotels.
Communities.
The Communities Business Unit focuses primarily on developing a mix of residential and commercial properties throughout the MENA region.

</doc>
<doc id="19616176" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19616176" title="List of compositions by James Scott">
List of compositions by James Scott

This is a complete list of musical compositions by James Scott (February 12, 1885 – August 30, 1938). James Scott was one of the three leading composers of ragtime.

</doc>
<doc id="19616179" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19616179" title="Prince Louis, Count of Aquila">
Prince Louis, Count of Aquila

Prince "Luigi" Carlo Maria Giuseppe of Bourbon-Two Sicilies, Count of Aquila (19 July 1824 – 5 March 1897) was a member of the House of Bourbon-Two Sicilies.
Family.
Louis was second-youngest son of Francis I of the Two Sicilies and his second wife Maria Isabella of Spain. He was born in Naples, Two Sicilies.
Marriage and issue.
Louis married Januária Maria, Princess Imperial of Brazil, daughter of Pedro I of Brazil and his wife Maria Leopoldina of Austria, on 28 April 1844 in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil. His sister Theresa Christina had been married to Januária Maria's brother Emperor Pedro II of Brazil since 1842. Louis and Januária Maria had four children:
Louis died in Paris, France.

</doc>
<doc id="19616194" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19616194" title="William Stout">
William Stout

William Stout (born September 18, 1949) is an American fantasy artist and illustrator with a specialization in paleontological art. His paintings have been shown in over seventy exhibitions, including twelve one-man shows. He has worked on over thirty feature films, doing everything from storyboard art to production design. He has designed theme parks and has worked in radio with the Firesign Theatre.
Biography.
Education.
William Stout grew up in Los Angeles, California, and earned a full scholarship to the Chouinard Art Institute. He graduated with a Bachelor's Degree from the school (which at that point had become the California Institute of the Arts).
Comics and music industry.
Stout began his professional career as an illustrator for comic books and graphic novels, with his first job coming in 1968 with the cover for the first issue of the pulp magazine "Coven 13". In 1971 he worked as Russ Manning's assistant on Manning's Tarzan of the Apes Sunday and daily newspaper comic strips. In 1972, Stout worked for Harvey Kurtzman and Will Elder on "Playboy"'s "Little Annie Fanny". 
In 1973 Stout began drawing album covers for the Trademark of Quality bootleg record label. He created over 30 sleeves for the label, including the Rolling Stones' "All-Meat Music" (his first), the Yardbirds' "Golden Eggs" and "More Golden Eggs", and the Who's "Who's Zoo" and "Tales from the Who". He became associated with the Firesign Theatre, and designed his first official album sleeve, "In the Next World, You're on Your Own", in 1974.
From 1975 to 1977 Stout worked as art director for the rock magazine "Bomp!" During this time, he became one of the first American contributors to "Heavy Metal" magazine. He continued to work occasionally designing posters and album sleeves. These included the poster for "Rock 'n' Roll High School" featuring the Ramones in 1979, the controversial cover for the compilation album "Beatlesongs" in 1981, and the cover for "The Smithereens Play Tommy" in 2009.
Film and television.
In 1977 Stout painted his first movie poster, for Ralph Bakshi's film "Wizards". During his career, Stout has worked on the advertising for over 120 films.
In 1978, with "Buck Rogers", Stout began his film production design career. In the late 1970s and early 1980s, Stout and fellow illustrator Richard Hescox ran a Los Angeles art studio, working on such projects as the storyboards for "Raiders of the Lost Ark" and pop singer Michael Jackson's video "Thriller". Fellow cartoonist Dave Stevens worked for a time in the same studio.
Stout has worked on over thirty feature films, including both Conan films, "First Blood", "The Hitcher", and "Invaders From Mars". He also production designed the "Masters of the Universe" film.
Stout wrote "The Warrior and the Sorceress" for Roger Corman, and a never-produced dinosaur feature for Jim Henson. For Industrial Light & Magic in 1996, he designed "Edgar" (the big bug in "Men in Black"). Stout was the key character designer for the computer-animated feature "Dinosaur" (released in 2000). Stout worked as the conceptual designer for "The Muppets' Wizard of Oz", and key designer for Guillermo del Toro's "Pan's Labyrinth". Recent film work includes Christopher Nolan's film "The Prestige" and creature design for Frank Darabont's & Stephen King's "The Mist". He is slated to work on del Toro's "At the Mountains of Madness" as well as a proposed John Carter of Mars film.
Paleontological art.
In 1981 Bantam Books published Stout's landmark masterwork "The Dinosaurs: A Fantastic New View of a Lost Era" (recently updated and re-published as "The New Dinosaurs"). In 1983, Stout was among those who illustrated Ray Bradbury's "Dinosaur Tales". In 1984 he illustrated "The Little Blue Brontosaurus", which was a 1984 Children's Choice Award recipient and the basis for the 1988 animated feature "The Land Before Time".
In 1986, as a result of his paleontological reconstruction work, eleven Stout paintings were selected for inclusion in the traveling exhibition "Dinosaurs Past and Present," an important group show depicting the history of paleoart. The six-year tour included (among others) the Smithsonian Institution, British Museum, the Royal Ontario Museum, and the American Museum of Natural History.
In 1993, Universal Cartoon Studios chose Stout to design a prime-time animated series of "Jurassic Park".
Also in 1993 Comic Images released "William Stout's Lost Worlds", the first of three trading card sets.
Antarctica.
In January 1989, Stout traveled to Antarctica and Patagonia. His experiences there eventually resulted in the one-man show "Dinosaurs, Penguins and Whales — The Wildlife of Antarctica." The exhibition was part of Stout's effort to alert and inform the public of the complex beauty of Antarctica, and to work as part of the international effort to make Antarctica the first "World Park." "Dinosaurs, Penguins and Whales" evolved into a forthcoming book, "Lost Worlds: Modern and Prehistoric Life in Antarctica", the first visual overview of life in Antarctica.
In August 1991 Stout received a grant from the National Science Foundation to participate in their Antarctic Artists and Writers Program. For three months during the 1992-1993 austral summer, Stout was based at McMurdo Station and Palmer Station. He made several dives beneath the ice, climbed the active volcano Mt. Erebus, camped in the dry valleys, and produced over one hundred painted studies as he carefully observed Antarctica's wildlife. Shortly thereafter, Stout drove over one thousand miles through central southern Chile, documenting the rare prehistoric forests there for inclusion in his "Lost Worlds" book.
Murals.
In 1994 Stout painted two murals for the Houston Museum of Natural Science depicting "Life Before The Dinosaurs." In early 1998 Stout completed three Cretaceous murals and supervised two full-sized dinosaur sculptures for Disney's Animal Kingdom. 
In 2007, Stout completed twelve large murals depicting the prehistoric life of San Diego for the San Diego Natural History Museum.
In addition, Stout's murals and paintings are on permanent display at the Houston Museum of Natural Science, the Orton Geological Museum, The Museum of the Rockies, and the North Carolina Museum of Natural Sciences.
Entertainment design.
Beginning in 1987, Stout worked for Walt Disney Imagineering for a year and a half as a conceptualist, designer, and producer for Euro Disneyland, Disneyland, Tokyo Disneyland, and Walt Disney World. In 1989 he was hired by Lucasfilm/Industrial Light and Magic as conceptualist and chief designer for their first foray into themed entertainment centers. In 1991 Stout conceived and designed ZZ Top's "Recycler" tour. In 1994 Stout continued theme park attraction creation and design for MCA/Universal's Islands of Adventure. In late 1995, Steven Spielberg chose Stout as his senior concept designer for GameWorks, a Sega/Universal/DreamWorks SKG joint project. For two years Stout and his team oversaw the concepts, design, and execution of the first three GameWorks facilities in Seattle, Washington; Tempe, Arizona; and Ontario, California). Stout worked in 1998-1999 as the lead designer for Kansas City's Wonderful World of Oz theme park (which unfortunately was never developed). He was also a designer for the Michael Jackson's private Neverland Ranch theme park.
Illustration.
In 2001, Stout illustrated Richard Matheson's first children's book, "Abu & The 7 Marvels", which won many awards. The Stout-illustrated book "The Emerald Wand of Oz" was released in 2005, followed by "Trouble Under Oz" in 2006. Stout's own publishing company, Terra Nova Press, has published thirty-four books on art and the history of art.
In 2013, he prepared and illustrated "Legends of the Blues", a book comprising portraits of classic blues musicians, intended as a sequel to fellow cartoonist Robert Crumb's book "Heroes of Blues, Jazz and Country".
Influences.
On his website, Stout lists the following influences:
Personal life.
In 1993 Stout was invited to join the California Art Club. He served for years as a member of their executive board, and is currently on their advisory board. Stout was unanimously voted a signature member in 1997.
William Stout resides in Pasadena, California, with his wife; they have two adult sons.

</doc>
<doc id="19616239" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19616239" title="MOH cost">
MOH cost

Manufacturing overhead costs (MOH cost) are all manufacturing costs that are related to the cost object (work in process and then finished goods) but cannot be traced to that cost object in an economically feasible way.
Examples include supplies, indirect materials such as lubricants, indirect manufacturing labor such as plant maintenance and cleaning labor, plant rent, plant insurance, property taxes on the plant, plant depreciation, and the compensation of plant managers.
This cost category is also referred to as Factory overhead cost (FO cost).
Items of the overhead.
Manufacturing overhead includes other costs in manufacturing that are neither direct materials costs nor direct labor costs. It might also be referred as the factory burden or production overhead. Its value is essential for determining the cost of products to be manufactured.
This category of costs includes expenses like:
Source: Cornerstones of Managerial Accounting 4th edition-Chapter 2: Depreciation on plant buildings and equipment, janitorial and maintenance labor, plant supervision, materials handling, power for plant utilities, and plant property taxes.
- Management accounting by Eldon, Wiley, 1979 - Business & Economics
- www.wiley.com/college/weygandt- Managerial Accounting 4th Edition, Tools for Business Decision Making

</doc>
<doc id="19616247" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19616247" title="2008 Kremlin Cup – Men's Doubles">
2008 Kremlin Cup – Men's Doubles

Marat Safin and Dmitry Tursunov were the defending champions. They were both present but did not compete together. Safin partnered with Teymuraz Gabashvili, but lost in the first round to Stephen Huss and Ross Hutchins. Tursunov partnered with Igor Kunitsyn, but they were forced to withdraw due to a shoulder injury for Tursunov before their quarterfinals match against Sergiy Stakhovsky and Potito Starace.
Sergiy Stakhovsky and Potito Starace won in the final 7–6(7–4), 2–6, [10–6], against Stephen Huss and Ross Hutchins.

</doc>
<doc id="19616257" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19616257" title="Arthur Veitch">
Arthur Veitch

Arthur Veitch (1844 – 1880) was one of a long line of horticulturists who established the renowned family business Veitch Nurseries.
Arthur was the son of James Veitch, Jr., who had established the Chelsea, London branch of the family business. Whilst his brothers, John (1839 – 1870) and Harry (1840 – 1924), were to make significant marks on the history of the English garden, little is recorded about Arthur, and he is conspicuously absent from ""Hortus Veitchii"", the family history.
He is recorded in the 1871 census as living at 5 Oakfield Street, Chelsea with his wife, Emily. The house had been constructed in the 1860s and the plans were drawn by the architect, George Godwin. 

</doc>
<doc id="19616271" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19616271" title="Ruben Ramos">
Ruben Ramos

Ruben Ramos, also known as El Gato Negro, is an award-winning American Tejano music performer. Beginning his music career in the late 1960s, Ruben's fame as has grown throughout the years as he formed his own distinct sound of music. In March 1998, Ruben was inducted into the Tejano Music Awards Hall of Fame and later won Best Male Vocalist in 1999. His band, The Mexican Revolution, also won album of the year in 2008. In January 2009 at the 51st annual Grammy awards, Ramos & the Revolution won the 2009 Grammy for "Best Tejano album of the Year."
Early life.
Ruben Ramos was born in to a family music legacy dating back to post-World War I Texas. Ruben's uncles began performing just after the World War I in 1919 as Juan Manuel Perez y Los Serenaders. Meanwhile, Ruben's father, Alfonso Ramos Sr., worked the cotton fields and the railroads; he also played the fiddle while his mother, Elvira Perez, played the guitar at family gatherings. At the end of World War II, Ruben's Uncle Justin re-formed the band as Justin Perez and His Ex-GIs. Ruben's sister Inez had joined the band as singer in 1947. Then, in his early teens, Ruben's older brother Alfonso Ramos Jr. joined their uncle's group.
In the mid 1950s, the band then became the Alfonso Ramos Orchestra. Ruben continued with the band on weekends, increasingly singing English cover R&B tunes, even as he landed a "good job" with the state insurance department. Now, all five Ramos brothers were performing. As the orchestra's drummer, Ruben performed throughout the 1960s with Alfonso's band. The band played a mix of tunes, from cha chas and cumbias to boleros and rancheras. Ruben provided the vocals and the push to many of the English songs the band played.
Career.
The "Revolution".
In 1969, Ruben formed a new band dubbed "The Mexican Revolution". He had chosen the name 'Mexican Revolution' was due to the emergence of the Chicano and civil rights movements. During that period, the band played the Chicano circuit that ran from Dallas-Fort Worth to the Rio Grande Valley. By 1981, "Tejano" had become the new term for the music he had been playing, so Ruben changed the band name to the Texas Revolution.
In 1985, Alfonso and Ruben reunited for a series of albums and were both named best vocal duo at the 1987 Tejano music Awards. By this time, Ramos had scored with the regional hit ""El Gato Negro"" (The Black Cat), which also became his nickname. In the '90s Ruben continued playing with a live horn section, eschewing the trend by many bands to substitute synthesizers and keyboards. Ruben later changed the band's name back to The Mexican Revolution during the early 2000s. Thanks to brother "Pia" Ramos bringing to mind the early battles of the Mexican Revolution which the ancestors of the Perez family had fought in, the band decided to pay homage to the past, by the band changing its name to the Mexican Revolution. 
The band consists of: Ruben Ramos(vocals/percussion), Rick Fuentes(accordion/keys/bass/guitar/vocals), Bobby Domninguez(bass), Joe Ramos(guitar/keys/vocals), Christopher Rivera(drums/vocals), Don Wise (tenor saxophone), Fabian Hernandez(alto and tenor saxophones), Wild William Bill Perkins(trumpet), Mike Martinez (trumpet). Mark Ramos (Ruben's son) is the stage manager and runs the light and special effects show, while other son Ruben Renee Ramos works as sound engineer.
Ruben Ramos & The Revolution have been nominated for a Grammy Award two years in a row: one for the 35th Anniversary CD, and the Viva La Revolucion CD. The band has won the 2009 Grammy for "Best Tejano album of the Year."Alicia Cardenas
References.
2009 Grammy: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TUhRQLemvw0

</doc>
<doc id="19616277" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19616277" title="Les Vingt et un Jours d'un neurasthénique">
Les Vingt et un Jours d'un neurasthénique

"Les Vingt et un Jours d'un neurasthénique" is an expressionist novel by the French writer Octave Mirbeau, published by Charpentier-Fasquelle in August of 1901. 
Commentary.
It's a collage of fifty cruel tales already published in the press over the previous fifteen years. So Mirbeau unsettles traditional novelistic conventions, transgressing the code of fictional credibility and maintaining indeterminacy of its genre affiliation.
A fictionalized rendering of the author’s sojourn a few years before at the Pyrenean spa of Luchon, the novel mirrors a vagrant plot in its episodic narrative. Mirbeau’s narrator, Georges Vasseur, moves from observation to recollection, traveling from sanitarium to insane asylum and finally to the desolate mountain retreat of a misanthropic friend, who propounds his philosophy of nihilism and decries the futility of art. 
In his peripatetic narrative, Mirbeau casts a glaring light on the defective human animal, who tries to compensate for his susceptibility to the most humiliating bodily afflictions by asserting scientific mastery of the dangerous world he tries to navigate. Mirbeau combines attacks on colonialism, psychiatry, the politics of intolerance with a rehabitation of man, deemed precious for his very unknowability. While doctors, bureaucrats, and billionaires try to overcome their sense of ontological uncertainty, using X-ray technology, money, or ideological fanaticism, Mirbeau suggests life’s value consists in its unprecitability. Opposing the pretentiousness of science, the deathliness of knowledge systems, Mirbeau invokes the vitality of an art of exploration and creative conjecture.
The French society of the Third Republic is presented as a completely mad world in the novel, where everything is out of justice, order and reason.

</doc>
<doc id="19616284" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19616284" title="Gado (comics)">
Gado (comics)

Godfrey Mwampembwa, pen name Gado, is the most syndicated political cartoonist in East and Central Africa, and for over two decades a contributor to the Daily Nation (Kenya), New African (U.K.), Courier International (France), Sunday Tribune (South Africa), Le Monde, Washington Times, Des Standard, and Japan Times.
He works regularly for" Daily Nation" (Kenya)," New African" (United Kingdom)," Courier International "(France) and" Business Day" and" Sunday Tribune" (both South Africa). He also produced cartoons for" Le Monde"," The Washington Times"," Der Standard" and" Japan Times".
He serves as an editorial cartoonist at the "Daily Nation".
Study.
Gado joined in 1991 at the Ardhi Institute to study architecture. After a year he left the institute to become the Nation Media Group. Cartoonist and illustrator In 2000 he studied classical animation and film at the film school in Vancouver. 
Career.
Gado designs funny cartoons on local regional and international issues, which he clarifies the impact of social, political and cultural conflicts have on the individual. With great simplicity He brings brittle elements up without going to the essential humanity of these topics.
Gado opposes political interference and is a local pioneer who explores his limits. He is an inspiration for other artists through its contribution to the democratization and the freedom of expression in eastern Africa . He is the most syndicated cartoonist in East and Central Africa.
During his stay at the research center Fabrica communication in Treviso, he produced an animation production on racism 
Awards.
In 1999 Gado was named Kenyan Cartoonist of the Year.
In 1996 he was awarded the International Olympic Media Award for print media and in 1999 was Mwampembwa "Cartoonist of the Year" Kenya. He was one of the twelve participants of the exhibition "Cartooning for Peace" of the United Nations in 2006.
In 2007 he was awarded the Prince Claus Award of the Prince Claus Fund within the theme "Culture and conflict." The jury praised him for "his courageous cartoons which he humorously shows aspects of social and political conflicts, and an inspiration to the struggle of free expression."

</doc>
<doc id="19616301" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19616301" title="WDPM-DT">
WDPM-DT

WDPM-DT is a religious television station in Mobile, Alabama, which broadcast locally on UHF channel 23 as an affiliate of the Daystar Television Network. Broadcasting from its transmitter near Robertsdale, Alabama, the station signed on after the analog signal of WSRE (PBS channel 23) signed off for the last time on February 17, 2009.
Since the "channel 23.1" series of virtual channel designations already identifies the existing PBS member station's digital subchannels, this numbering sequence would not be available to the new station. According to the ATSC standard, WDPM-DT's channel numbers would therefore need to be displayed (using PSIP) using numbering based on WSRE's digital channel number, 31. From sign-on until February 2010, the station displayed as Channel 4.1, which is considered a violation of these standards. This was corrected for several months, but is currently happening again.
The audio of this digital broadcast is also in perpetual clipping mode. The average is about 7dB hotter than current limits of digital broadcast audio and is "breaking up" on all programs. (Oct 2011 referenced)

</doc>
<doc id="19616302" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19616302" title="Jim Nielsen">
Jim Nielsen

James Wiley Nielsen (born July 31, 1944 in Fresno, California) is an American politician from California currently serving in the California State Senate representing the 4th district. He is a Republican. Nielsen served on the Yolo County Republican Committee before winning election to the California State Senate in 1978. Nielsen also served in the California State Assembly.
Political career.
1978 election.
Nielsen was first elected to the Senate in 1978 by defeating 4th district incumbent John Dunlap, a freshman Democrat. Nielsen then went on to win easy reelections in 1982 and 1986.
State Senate.
Nielsen served as Republican Leader in the Senate from 1983 until 1987.
Nielsen established himself as a traditional tough-on-crime conservative who championed the cause for lower taxes, controlled government spending and gun rights for law-abiding citizens. Nielsen also authored legislation to promote welfare reform and reduce welfare fraud, including the acclaimed GAIN program, and he authored and coauthored bills to promote agricultural exports.
1990 defeat.
Nielsen was unseated by Democrat Mike Thompson, an aide to then Assemblywoman Jackie Speier. Thompson benefited from ethics issues and verbal gaffes made by the incumbent, as well changing demographics in the district. He defeated Nielsen by less than 1 percent. .
Post-senatorial career.
After leaving the legislature, Nielsen served on the Agriculture Labor Relations Board. In 1992 he was appointed to the Board of Parole and Prison Terms and served as its chairman from 1993 until 2000.
Residency questions.
A question of residency eligibility arose during his bid for the Assembly in 2008, because Nielsen owns 2 homes, one in the district he represents and one near the capitol, which is the custom of most legislators. Nielsen won the case and even received a judgment for court costs in the amount of $7,400 against Plaintiff Don Bird. Plaintiff appealed to the Secretary of State who then deferred to the State Attorney General. After reviewing the case, the Attorney General issued a letter on December 22, 2008, stating there was no evidence to warrant further investigation and the matter was closed. The Attorney General was Jerry Brown, a Democrat and former Governor of California.
Expenditures.
Nielsen was also the largest taxpayer-funded gas card spender in the state legislature for 2010 costing $10,410.68

</doc>
<doc id="19616312" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19616312" title="Monfort brothers">
Monfort brothers

Charles K. "Charlie" Monfort (born October 30, 1959) and Richard L. "Dick" Monfort (born April 27, 1954) are the primary owners of the Colorado Rockies Major League Baseball team. Both grew up in Greeley, Colorado and are sons to Kenneth Monfort; previous owner of Monfort of Colorado, Inc. a meatpacking and distributing company that was acquired by ConAgra Foods in 1987. 
Dick Monfort.
Dick Monfort was the first of the two Monfort brothers. Dick graduated from the University of Northern Colorado, Greeley in 1976 with a bachelor’s degree in Business Management. He joined Monfort of Colorado in 1974 as a cattle buyer. He then served as vice president federal cattle procurement from 1979–81, group vice president of cattle products 1983-1984 and executive vice president 1984-1987. When ConAgra bought Monfort of Colorado in 1987, Dick became president of ConAgra Red Meats. Dick also owns shares in the Hyatt Grand Champion Hotel of Palm Springs, the Hilltop Steak House in Boston, and other real estate ventures in Colorado. At the University of Northern Colorado, Dick serves on the board of trustees along with the board of directors at University of Colorado Hospital, Denver Zoo, and the Colorado Economic Development Board. Dick now resides in Greeley, Colorado with his wife Christine with their three children.
Charlie Monfort.
Charlie Monfort graduated from the University of Utah (Salt Lake City) in 1982 with a bachelor’s degree in Marketing and Business Management where he served as president of the Kappa Sigma fraternity. Charlie started working for the family business Monfort of Colorado, Inc. also in 1988 as president of International Sales until 1996. In 1996, Charlie became president of ConAgra Foods International; later leaving in 1998 to concentrate on his previous commitment to the Rockies. Charlie also serves on the Board of Trustees at Colorado Mesa University, (formerly Mesa State College); Grand Junction, Colorado. All along with a being board member of the Kempe Foundation, the Special Olympics, and the Monfort Family Foundation. Charlie has son Kenny, daughter Ciara and twins, son Lucas and daughter Danica..
Colorado Rockies affiliations.
On September 2, 1992, Jerry McMorris welcomed Charlie Monfort and Oren Benton to join him in buying controlling interest in the Rockies. This came after founding owner Mickey Monus was ensnared in a massive accounting scandal surrounding his Phar-Mor discount drugstores.
Dick Monfort later replaced Benton in the ownership group, and became vice chairman of the Rockies on December 8, 1997. On March 31, 2003, Charlie was named CEO of the Colorado Rockies, succeeding president Keli McGregor who had taken the role from McMorris in 2001.
In 2005, Dick and Charlie Monfort purchased Jerry McMorris’ financial interest in the team, becoming the primary owners. Charlie remained as chairman and CEO until 2011, when he handed both roles to Dick.

</doc>
<doc id="19616318" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19616318" title="Bluey and Curley">
Bluey and Curley

Bluey and Curley is an Australian newspaper comic strip written by the Australian artist, caricaturist, and cartoonist Alex Gurney.
Few original Bluey and Curley strips are held in public collections, because, throughout his lifetime, Alex Gurney was renowned for his generous habit of giving the original art work of his caricatures, cartoons, and comic strips to anyone who asked.
The characters.
The first strip Bluey and Curley strip appeared soon after the start of World War II. It featured two Australian soldiers, Bluey (who had served in the First AIF), and Curley, a new recruit. 
By the end of the war, they had served in every Australian campaign — in North Africa, in the Middle East, in New Guinea, in Northern Australia, and in the Pacific Islands — and, once the war was over, they even went to London and took part in the 1946 Victory Parade.
Creation.
By 1939 Alex Gurney was already well established as a caricaturist, cartoonist, and comic strip artist.
In late 1939, following the outbreak of World War II, he created his most famous characters, "Bluey and Curley", which first appeared in the "Picture-News" magazine.
He applied for the copyright registration of "Bluey and Curley" on 16 October 1939; and his application was granted on 9 November 1939 (Australian Copyright No.6921).
Syndication.
It was transferred to "The Sun News-Pictorial" in 1940, from whence it was syndicated throughout Australia, New Zealand and Canada.
Cultural impact.
The strip featured a pair of soldiers, "Bluey" (named for his red hair), the Great War veteran who had re-enlisted in the second A.I.F., and Curley (named for his extremely curly hair), the new recruit to the A.I.F.
The strip was widely appreciated for the good-humoured way it depicted the Australian "diggers" and their "mateship", as well as for its realistic use of Australian idiom of the day.
Service life.
Gurney visited army camps throughout Australia and New Guinea to ensure authenticity. While in New Guinea he contracted malaria and was incapacitated for some time.
Post-war life.
Gurney was in England in June 1946, as part of an Australian Press Syndicate sent specifically to view the Victory Parade. As well as sending caricatures of various eminent people involved in that parade back to Australia for distribution through the press, he also used the opportunity to have Bluey and Curley attend the parade, and a number of his Bluey and Curley comic strips reflected that event.
Gurney's visit to London, and his version of events, as seen through his Bluey and Curley comic strip, was also historically significant for another reason: it was the first time that a newspaper comic strip had ever been transmitted from England to Australia by radio.
Although "Bluey and Curley" were popular with Australians because they related to the slang, attitude, and the lack of respect towards authority exhibited by the main characters, the strip lost some of its appeal and readership when the pair returned to "civvy street".
Gurney's death.
Gurney died suddenly, of heart disease, on 4 December 1955. He had collapsed in his motor car parked outside his home. He was cremated with Anglican rites.
Post-Gurney.
The strip was later drawn by Norman Howard Rice (1911–1956). Rice died as the result of a car accident on 31 December 1956 (New Year's Eve). The strip was then drawn by Les Dixon from 1957 until 1975.
Film.
The comic was adapted into a TV film "Mud, Bloody Mud" in 1985.

</doc>
<doc id="19616384" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19616384" title="Abstract algebra">
Abstract algebra

In algebra, which is a broad division of mathematics, abstract algebra is a common name for the sub-area that studies algebraic structures in their own right. Such structures include groups, rings, fields, modules, vector spaces, and algebras. The specific term abstract algebra was coined at the beginning of the 20th century to distinguish this area from the other parts of algebra. The term modern algebra has also been used to denote abstract algebra.
Two mathematical subject areas that study the properties of algebraic structures viewed as a whole are
universal algebra and category theory. Algebraic structures, together with the associated homomorphisms, form categories. Category theory is a powerful formalism for studying and comparing different algebraic structures.
History.
As in other parts of mathematics, concrete problems and examples have played important roles in the development of abstract algebra. Through the end of the nineteenth century many, perhaps most of these problems were in some way related to the theory of algebraic equations. Major themes include:
Numerous textbooks in abstract algebra start with axiomatic definitions of various algebraic structures and then proceed to establish their properties. This creates a false impression that in algebra axioms had come first and then served as a motivation and as a basis of further study. The true order of historical development was almost exactly the opposite. For example, the hypercomplex numbers of the nineteenth century had kinematic and physical motivations but challenged comprehension. Most theories that are now recognized as parts of algebra started as collections of disparate facts from various branches of mathematics, acquired a common theme that served as a core around which various results were grouped, and finally became unified on a basis of a common set of concepts. An archetypical example of this progressive synthesis can be seen in the history of group theory.
Early group theory.
There were several threads in the early development of group theory, in modern language loosely corresponding to "number theory", "theory of equations", and "geometry".
Leonhard Euler considered algebraic operations on numbers modulo an integer, modular arithmetic, in his generalization of Fermat's little theorem. These investigations were taken much further by Carl Friedrich Gauss, who considered the structure of multiplicative groups of residues mod n and established many properties of cyclic and more general abelian groups that arise in this way. In his investigations of composition of binary quadratic forms, Gauss explicitly stated the associative law for the composition of forms, but like Euler before him, he seems to have been more interested in concrete results than in general theory. In 1870, Leopold Kronecker gave a definition of an abelian group in the context of ideal class groups of a number field, generalizing Gauss's work; but it appears he did not tie his definition with previous work on groups, particularly permutation groups. In 1882, considering the same question, Heinrich M. Weber realized the connection and gave a similar definition that involved the cancellation property but omitted the existence of the inverse element, which was sufficient in his context (finite groups).
Permutations were studied by Joseph-Louis Lagrange in his 1770 paper "Réflexions sur la résolution algébrique des équations (Thoughts on the algebraic solution of equations)" devoted to solutions of algebraic equations, in which he introduced Lagrange resolvents. Lagrange's goal was to understand why equations of third and fourth degree admit formulae for solutions, and he identified as key objects permutations of the roots. An important novel step taken by Lagrange in this paper was the abstract view of the roots, i.e. as symbols and not as numbers. However, he did not consider composition of permutations. Serendipitously, the first edition of Edward Waring's "Meditationes Algebraicae" ("Meditations on Algebra") appeared in the same year, with an expanded version published in 1782. Waring proved the main theorem on symmetric functions, and specially considered the relation between the roots of a quartic equation and its resolvent cubic. "Mémoire sur la résolution des équations" ("Memoire on the Solving of Equations") of Alexandre Vandermonde (1771) developed the theory of symmetric functions from a slightly different angle, but like Lagrange, with the goal of understanding solvability of algebraic equations.
Paolo Ruffini was the first person to develop the theory of permutation groups, and like his predecessors, also in the context of solving algebraic equations. His goal was to establish the impossibility of an algebraic solution to a general algebraic equation of degree greater than four. En route to this goal he introduced the notion of the order of an element of a group, conjugacy, the cycle decomposition of elements of permutation groups and the notions of primitive and imprimitive and proved some important theorems relating these concepts, such as
Note, however, that he got by without formalizing the concept of a group, or even of a permutation group.
The next step was taken by Évariste Galois in 1832, although his work remained unpublished until 1846, when he considered for the first time what is now called the "closure property" of a group of permutations, which he expressed as
The theory of permutation groups received further far-reaching development in the hands of Augustin Cauchy and Camille Jordan, both through introduction of new concepts and, primarily, a great wealth of results about special classes of permutation groups and even some general theorems. Among other things, Jordan defined a notion of isomorphism, still in the context of permutation groups and, incidentally, it was he who put the term "group" in wide use.
The abstract notion of a group appeared for the first time in Arthur Cayley's papers in 1854. Cayley realized that a group need not be a permutation group (or even "finite"), and may instead consist of matrices, whose algebraic properties, such as multiplication and inverses, he systematically investigated in succeeding years. Much later Cayley would revisit the question whether abstract groups were more general than permutation groups, and establish that, in fact, any group is isomorphic to a group of permutations.
Modern algebra.
The end of the 19th and the beginning of the 20th century saw a tremendous shift in the methodology of mathematics. Abstract algebra emerged around the start of the 20th century, under the name "modern algebra". Its study was part of the drive for more intellectual rigor in mathematics. Initially, the assumptions in classical algebra, on which the whole of mathematics (and major parts of the natural sciences) depend, took the form of axiomatic systems. No longer satisfied with establishing properties of concrete objects, mathematicians started to turn their attention to general theory. Formal definitions of certain algebraic structures began to emerge in the 19th century. For example, results about various groups of permutations came to be seen as instances of general theorems that concern a general notion of an "abstract group". Questions of structure and classification of various mathematical objects came to forefront. 
These processes were occurring throughout all of mathematics, but became especially pronounced in algebra. Formal definition through primitive operations and axioms were proposed for many basic algebraic structures, such as groups, rings, and fields. Hence such things as group theory and ring theory took their places in pure mathematics. The algebraic investigations of general fields by Ernst Steinitz and of commutative and then general rings by David Hilbert, Emil Artin and Emmy Noether, building up on the work of Ernst Kummer, Leopold Kronecker and Richard Dedekind, who had considered ideals in commutative rings, and of Georg Frobenius and Issai Schur, concerning representation theory of groups, came to define abstract algebra. These developments of the last quarter of the 19th century and the first quarter of 20th century were systematically exposed in Bartel van der Waerden's "Moderne algebra", the two-volume monograph published in 1930–1931 that forever changed for the mathematical world the meaning of the word "algebra" from "the theory of equations" to the "theory of algebraic structures".
Basic concepts.
By abstracting away various amounts of detail, mathematicians have created theories of various algebraic structures that apply to many objects. For instance, almost all systems studied are sets, to which the theorems of set theory apply. Those sets that have a certain binary operation defined on them form magmas, to which the concepts concerning magmas, as well those concerning sets, apply. We can add additional constraints on the algebraic structure, such as associativity (to form semigroups); associativity, identity, and inverses (to form groups); and other more complex structures. With additional structure, more theorems could be proved, but the generality is reduced. The "hierarchy" of algebraic objects (in terms of generality) creates a hierarchy of the corresponding theories: for instance, the theorems of group theory apply to rings (algebraic objects that have two binary operations with certain axioms) since a ring is a group over one of its operations. Mathematicians choose a balance between the amount of generality and the richness of the theory.
Examples of algebraic structures with a single binary operation are:
More complicated examples include:
Applications.
Because of its generality, abstract algebra is used in many fields of mathematics and science. For instance, algebraic topology uses algebraic objects to study topologies. The recently () proved Poincaré conjecture asserts that the fundamental group of a manifold, which encodes information about connectedness, can be used to determine whether a manifold is a sphere or not. Algebraic number theory studies various number rings that generalize the set of integers. Using tools of algebraic number theory, Andrew Wiles proved Fermat's Last Theorem.
In physics, groups are used to represent symmetry operations, and the usage of group theory could simplify differential equations. In gauge theory, the requirement of local symmetry can be used to deduce the equations describing a system. The groups that describe those symmetries are Lie groups, and the study of Lie groups and Lie algebras reveals much about the physical system; for instance, the number of force carriers in a theory is equal to dimension of the Lie algebra, and these bosons interact with the force they mediate if the Lie algebra is nonabelian.

</doc>
<doc id="19616603" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19616603" title="Alan Ramsbottom">
Alan Ramsbottom

Alan Ramsbottom (born 30 April 1936) was a professional racing cyclist from Clayton-le-Moors, England, who twice rode the Tour de France.
Amateur career.
Ramsbottom was a talented amateur in Britain in the late 1950s. He decided to race abroad when he wasn't selected for the Olympic Games of 1960 and moved to Troyes, France in 1961, after seeing an advertisement by the local club, UV Aube, for British riders. The club was run by Marcel Bidot, the French national team manager. Ramsbottom was inspired by meeting Britain's leading professional rider, Brian Robinson, at a cycling club dinner in Blackburn.
Turning professional.
He won the second stage of the Tour de l'Avenir in France in 1961, then turned professional and rode for the Pelforth-Sauvage team for 1962 and 1963. The team was advertised as riding Lejeune bicycles but Ramsbottom's was the Harry Quinn he had ridden as an amateur, sprayed in Lejeune colours.
He came 45th in the Tour de France in 1962 as a first-year professional. and 16th in 1963. He finished eighth in Liège–Bastogne–Liège in 1963. and 11th in the Flèche Wallonne in both 1963 and 1965.
Bidot told Ramsbottom to think more of himself, to attack more and to force Pelforth to raise his salary. He won the Tour de Haute-Loire in France in 1964. He came fourth in Nice-Genoa, third in the Boucles Rouquevairoises. Ramsbottom planned to ride the Tour de France again that year but Pelforth dropped him from its team because of what Ramsbottom said was a misunderstanding between him and the manager, Maurice de Muer:
Move to Belgium.
In 1964 he moved from Troyes to Belgium to join Tom Simpson in the Peugeot team But after that, he said, nothing went right.". He fell while training with another British professional, Vin Denson, caught his hand between cobbles and broke an arm. He said:
Living in Ghent gave him the chance to ride more criteriums, the round-the-houses races where professionals in the 1960s made much of their money. He came third at Meerbeke in 1964 and third in London, at Crystal Palace, where he, runner-up Seamus Elliott and winner Tom Simpson lapped a field of mainly domestic professionals.
He didn't get in Peugeot's team for the Tour de France in 1965. He came second in a criterium at Wortegem, Belgium and at Zele and third at Aartrijke in 1965.
Return to Britain.
In 1966 he returned to Britain because a glut of unemployed professionals on the Continent pushed wages lower than he thought necessary for a married man with two children.
He moved to Great Harwood, Lancashire and went back to his former trade as a sewing machine mechanic, working in textile factories. At weekends he rode for domestic professional teams, in 1966 and 1967 for Viking Cycles. 
In 1965, Ramsbottom rode the Grand Prix des Gentilhommes at Lille with the journalist Jock Wadley. The race paired current riders with former racers or leisure riders in a two-man time-trial. Wadley called him:
Ramsbottom said the pain of his disappointment on the Continent "lessened over the years".

</doc>
<doc id="19616662" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19616662" title="Loha Mandi">
Loha Mandi

Loha Mandi is located to the west of the city center. The place is the residential and commercial center of Agra. The place is close to Jaipur House.
History.
Loha Mandi was the Hub of Iron trade and also for Iron based product, hence the name Loha Mandi which literally means Place for Iron trade. Even today the market has many shops which deals in Iron. The market has expended and there are all shops selling all sorts of items.
To do.
Loha Mandi is still essentially a shopping destination. Jaipur House and Shahganj are some of the popular destinations where leather and marble products are available.

</doc>
<doc id="19616701" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19616701" title="RAF Templeton">
RAF Templeton

RAF Templeton was a World War II Royal Air Force airfield in Pembrokeshire operational from December 1942 and closed in July 1945. It is named after the village of Templeton.
RAF Templeton was managed by RAF Coastal Command, and had a particular role in training for the defence of the oil installations in Milford Haven. 
The site remains in MoD ownership as the "Templeton Dry Training Area" (part of the Pembrokeshire Defence Training Estate). It is used for a variety of training tasks, including helicopter and air defence exercises, infantry and driver training. Usage is shared with a number of other activities, including agriculture, storage and model aircraft flying.

</doc>
<doc id="19616785" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19616785" title="Uitgeest railway station">
Uitgeest railway station

Uitgeest is a railway station located in Uitgeest and the village of Assum, the Netherlands. It is on the Den Helder–Amsterdam railway and the branch Haarlem–Uitgeest railway. The station opened 1 May 1867. A new station building was opened in 2006. The station has 3 platforms.
Train services.
The following services currently call at Uitgeest:

</doc>
<doc id="19616804" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19616804" title="Liznjek Farm">
Liznjek Farm

The Liznjek Farm () is an ethnographic museum housed in a renovated 18th-century farmhouse, located in the centre of the town of Kranjska Gora, Slovenia, at the street address "63 Borovška cesta". It is administered by the Upper Sava Museum, based in nearby Jesenice. The farm presents the living conditions of a wealthy peasant family of the mid-19th century.
The house is of mostly brick construction, with a wooden upper story; there is a furnished attic, and a full basement level, including a cellar and stable. A large barn across the courtyard is also part of the farm.
The interiors include the original furnishings, as well as items drawn from the collections of the Upper Sava Museum. 
The basement features an exhibit on the life and work of the local writer Josip Vandot, author of the Kekec series of children's books.

</doc>
<doc id="19616879" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19616879" title="Hardware Ranch">
Hardware Ranch

Hardware Ranch wildlife Management Area is owned by the State of Utah and managed by the Utah Division of Wildlife Resources. It is located in the Blacksmith Fork Canyon, about east of Hyrum, Utah. Elk are fed here through the winter to prevent them from coming to inhabited areas further down the canyon in search of food. Horse-drawn sleigh rides and a visitor center are offered from mid December to February.
History.
Hardware Ranch Wildlife Management Area (WMA) is owned by the State of Utah and managed by the Utah Division of Wildlife Resources. Neighboring properties are the National Forest, although the actual WMA is not part of the National Forest.
Hardware Ranch WMA is not a working ranch, it is a WMA set aside primarily for big game animals such as elk, moose and deer but it is also home to many other species. Habitat and wildlife management along with education are the primary focus of management at HWRWMA. The elk that visit Hardware Ranch WMA are wild elk, they come and go as they please, and are not fenced, farmed or ranched. Cattle and sheep are allowed to graze on the WMA through a competitive contracting process. These animals are limited to certain areas of the WMA and certain time frames to best assist in the habitat management of the WMA.
The state of Utah purchased the ranch in 1946 from the Box Elder Hardware Company, using money from the Wildlife Restoration Act. The original size of the ranch was , but acquisitions by the state enlarged it to about . During the first year only 120 Rocky Mountain Elk were fed over the winter, but in 2008 that number is between 500 and 600.

</doc>
<doc id="19616966" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19616966" title="Kimberley Warm Springs">
Kimberley Warm Springs

Kimberley Warm Springs are a geothermal feature and semi-developed visitor site located within the town of Kimberley, north west Tasmania. 
The Springs are located within the Kimberley Warm Springs Reserve managed by Parks and Wildlife Service Tasmania. The reserve features a constructed pool, approximately 13m by 20m wide and 1.2m in depth, a sheltered barbecue area, parking and public toilets. Access to the site is from Warm Springs Road off Morrison Street. The site is well signposted within the town.
Water from the springs remains at a constant temperature of 24-25°C. The water's chemical composition suggests it gains its heat from hotter sub-surface materials. The dissolved solids content is fairly low and contains mainly bicarbonate and calcium ions.
The clearance of shading vegetation has led to excessive algal growth which is periodically removed as it covers the naturally sandy bottom of the spring.
The spring represents the only one of its kind in the region of north west of Tasmania. The spring is home to an endemic snail and an algae ("Pithophora spp.") not previously recorded south of Sydney.

</doc>
<doc id="19617006" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19617006" title="Fun Radio (France)">
Fun Radio (France)

Fun Radio is a French network of FM radio stations created on 2 October 1985 and dedicated to R&B, Dance music, Electro music and House music, operating on 250 different frequencies across France. The station belongs to RTL Group as do its sisters stations RTL and RTL2. These three radio stations share the same headquarters located in the 8th arrondissement of Paris.
Fun Radio claims approximately 3.8 million listeners every day (January 2012).
Current hosts and shows.
Source: Funradio.fr

</doc>
<doc id="19617020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19617020" title="Haarlem Spaarnwoude railway station">
Haarlem Spaarnwoude railway station

Haarlem Spaarnwoude is a small railway station, located in Spaarnwoude, near Haarlem, the Netherlands. It is located on the Haarlem branch of line 10, on the Amsterdam–Rotterdam railway (Amsterdam - Haarlem - Leiden - Den Haag - Rotterdam). The station lies to the east of Haarlem. The N200 road (Amsterdam - Haarlem) runs parallel to the railway on the south side. The station opened on 24 May 1998. On the north side of the station is an IKEA store.
Train services.
The following train services call at this station:
Tracks and platforms.
The station is on a line with two tracks, and has no additional tracks and no railroad switches. Track 1 in on the south, for the direction Amsterdam, and track 2 on the north, for the direction Haarlem. Each track has its own platform. From the north side there is an entrance to the north platform through a footbridge over a ditch; from the bus stop on the north side of the N200 there is an entrance to the south platform through a footbridge over another ditch. There is a footbridge over the railway and the N200. It has three stairways: to each platform and at the south side of the N200. These entrances and footbridges are at the west end of the platforms. The platforms extend to the east under the road bridge "Keggeviaduct".

</doc>
<doc id="19617076" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19617076" title="Offshore Racing Congress Rule">
Offshore Racing Congress Rule

The Offshore Racing Congress Rule is a system of handicapping sailboats for the purpose of racing that is being developed and promoted to replace the IRC currently in general use (as of 2008). It is managed by the Offshore Racing Congress (ORC) and is usually referred to in the sailing community simply as "ORC".
ORC is an enhanced version of the earlier IMS handicapping system that was the dominant system used globally from the early 1990s to the early 2000s.
The ORC rule uses essentially the same concepts as the earlier IMS system but with a much more sophisticated velocity prediction program performing the handicapping calculations than was available in the IMS era. This improved program is designed to eliminate the problems that led to IMS falling out of favour with yacht clubs in the early 2000s.
IMS is (as of 2008) gaining support among the premium ocean racing clubs around the world as it is an open system, where all the details of the handicapping formula are available to designers and boat owners. This allows a greater degree of certainty when designing boats than closed, secret formulas such as IRC allow for. However, the 'secret' nature of the IRC rule has also been praised, as encouraging designers to simply design the 'best boat', and not produce the extreme and often unsafe designs which became the hallmark of the IOR rule. Being open, every individual yacht club can perform the handicapping calculations and issue handicap certificates for the yachts in their own fleets. This eliminates the bottle necks and delays encountered when waiting for certificates to be issued by a single global authority, such as has been experienced with the IRC rule.
To encourage the growth of the rule, two versions have been developed. The ORC-International rule (ORCi) is the full complexity, highly developed version for top level championship racing. An ORC-Club rule has also been developed, which is a simplified version more easily used by smaller clubs who have less resources.

</doc>
<doc id="19617179" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19617179" title="Princess Maria de la Esperanza of Bourbon-Two Sicilies">
Princess Maria de la Esperanza of Bourbon-Two Sicilies

Princess "Maria de la Esperanza" Amalia Raniera Maria Rosario Luisa Gonzaga of Bourbon-Two Sicilies (14 June 1914, Madrid, Spain – 8 August 2005, Villamanrique de la Condesa, Spain) was the youngest daughter of Prince Carlos of Bourbon-Two Sicilies and his wife Princess Louise of Orléans. Maria Esperanza was titular Empress of Brazil through her husband Prince Pedro Gastão of Orléans-Braganza, who was one of two claimants to the Brazilian throne as titular Emperor of Brazil, and head of the Petrópolis branch of the Brazilian Imperial House. Maria Esperanza was also an aunt of Juan Carlos I of Spain, son of her sister Princess Maria Mercedes of Bourbon-Two Sicilies.
Marriage and issue.
Maria Esperanza married Prince Pedro Gastão of Orléans-Braganza, son of Prince Pedro de Alcântara of Orléans-Braganza and his wife Countess Elisabeth Dobržensky de Dobrženicz, on 18 December 1944 in Seville, Spain. Maria Esperanza and Pedro de Alcântara had six children:

</doc>
<doc id="19617185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19617185" title="Briton Ferry Athletic F.C.">
Briton Ferry Athletic F.C.

Briton Ferry Athletic F.C. was a football club from Briton Ferry in Wales, playing their home games at Old Road. They last played in Welsh League Division Three. They merged with Llansawel to form Briton Ferry Llansawel A.F.C. on April 28, 2009.
History.
After being members of the Welsh League since the 1930s, in 1992 the club was one of the founder members of the League of Wales. After getting relegated in 1994, they bounced straight back as Welsh League Champions in 1994-95. They then spent another two years in Wales' top flight before being relegated again.
Since their second relegation back to the Welsh League, the club has dropped through the divisions to the point where in 2008 it was relegated to Division Three.

</doc>
<doc id="19617350" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19617350" title="Cheonbosan">
Cheonbosan

Cheonbosan is a mountain in Gyeonggi-do, South Korea. It can be found in the city of Yangju. Cheonbosan has an elevation of . 

</doc>
<doc id="19617372" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19617372" title="Idgah railway station">
Idgah railway station

Idgah railway station is in Idgah colony in the south west of the city of Agra in the Indian state of Uttar Pradesh.
Overview.
Agra, the 16-17th century capital of the Mughals, is home to monuments such as the Taj Mahal and Agra Fort.The Taj Mahal attracts 2-4 million tourists annually. About 200,000 foreign tourists visit it.
History.
The wide metre gauge Delhi-Bandikui and Bandikui-Agra lines of Rajputana State Railway were opened in 1874.The Agra-Jaipur line was converted to wide broad gauge in 2005.
The broad gauge Agra-Delhi chord was opened in 1904.
Electrification.
The Faridabad-Mathura-Agra section was electrified in 1982-85, Tundla-Yamuna Bridge in 1998-99 and Yamuna Bridge-Agra in 1990-91.
Passengers.
Idgah railway station serves around 75,000 passengers everyday.

</doc>
<doc id="19617385" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19617385" title="Idgah Bus Stand">
Idgah Bus Stand

Idgah Bus Station is the biggest bus station in Agra. The Bus Stand is in Idgah Colony. The bus Stand is very close to both the Idgah Railway Station as well as the Agra Cantt, which is the main railway Station in Agra. 
Uttar Pradesh State Road Transport Corporation (UPSRTC) [http://www.upsrtc.com/] operates hi-tech, deluxe, semi-deluxe and ordinary buses from here.
Destinations.
List of major destinations for which buses are available from Idgah Bus Stand are

</doc>
<doc id="19617503" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19617503" title="McFarlane Strait">
McFarlane Strait

McFarlane Strait is a strait lying between Greenwich Island and Livingston Island, in the South Shetland Islands off Antarctica. It is long and wide. The name appears on an 1822 chart by Captain George Powell, a British sealer, and is now well established in international usage.
Location.
The strait is centred at (), and entered between Williams Point and Duff Point to the northwest and between Renier Point and Ephraim Bluff to the southeast (British mapping in 1822 and 1968, Chilean mapping in 1971, Argentine mapping in 1980, Spanish mapping in 1991, and Bulgarian mapping in 2005 and 2009).

</doc>
<doc id="19617526" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19617526" title="Typhoon Higos">
Typhoon Higos

The name Higos has been used to name two tropical cyclones in the northwestern Pacific Ocean. The name was contributed by the United States of America, and is a fig in the Chamorro language.

</doc>
<doc id="19617527" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19617527" title="Marcel Diallo">
Marcel Diallo

Marcel Diallo is an American musician, poet, artist and community builder, known for his founding of the Black Dot Artists Collective (later Black Dot Artists, Inc.), The Black New World and his revitalization efforts in West Oakland's historic, predominantly African-American Prescott neighborhood aka the Lower Bottoms.
Biography.
Diallo was born and raised in California, the eldest of four children, in a poor neighborhood. After graduating from California Polytechnic State University, San Luis Obispo with a B.A. in philosophy, Diallo moved back to the Bay Area, settling in Oakland while earning a master's degree at John F. Kennedy University in Consciousness Studies. In Oakland he became involved in Oakland's café poetry scene. He opened a poetry venue, The Black Dot Cafe in 1998.
Career.
Diallo began as an open mic poet/emcee. He founded the Black Dot Artists' Collective in 1996 with poet Robert Jamal Jackson and percussionist Kele Nitoto. The three artists began an open mic called "Rhyme Ritual" at The Java House in Oakland that attracted artists involved in the Bay Area's spoken word and poetry scene.
In 1997, Diallo released his first album, "The Shaman and The Nigga God", on Akashic Records, a Bay Area independent hip-hop label.
In 1998, Marcel Diallo opened the Ritual Space and Black Dot Cafe in East Oakland. Some well-known artists featured were Boots Riley from The Coup, Eddie Gale, Amiri Baraka, The Last Poets, Kahil El Zabar, Marvin X, The Grouch and Bicasso from Living Legends, and Piri Thomas. The space also featured an open mic night called The Word and a youth workshop called Beats, Flows & Videos. Esoterism was a strong theme at both venues where yoga, meditation, vegan lifestyle workshops and other spiritual services were offered alongside traditional hip-hop concerts.
When Black Dot artists collective got evicted from their East Oakland location, they relocated to West Oakland. Though the artists collective had previously done arts-activism work such as the "No on Prop 21" campaign, it would become concentrated in one neighborhood with their new location in 2000. Coined the Village Bottoms by Diallo, the artists collective focused on community and economic development, as well as affordable housing and anti-gentrification education in West Oakland. The area, which currently involves mostly Pine and Wood streets is being revitalized by a community of active volunteers into a Black cultural district, similar to that of Leimert Park in Los Angeles and Lincoln Park Coast Cultural District in Newark, New Jersey. The area, which has been a multi-ethnic community, but remained primarily African-American after World War II, saw its economic infrastructure change drastically upon the building of the BART station, Cypress Freeway, and the post office. Over the years, the area grew one of the worst reputations in Oakland as the Lower Bottoms. Project of Diallo's organization the "Village Bottoms Community Building and Development Corporation", have been an urban farm, cultural arts businesses, performance venues, cooperative/collective grocery services, affordable housing, and public arts parades and programs.
In 2000, Diallo was selected to exhibit a visual arts installation titled, "Scrapyard Ghosts", at ProArts Gallery in Old Oakland. He has since opened various galleries in Oakland's Prescott neighborhood. He exhibited and taught at the California College of the Arts in San Francisco in 2006. Diallo has curated at places like Yerba Buena Center for the Arts and created art for exhibits at Bay Area galleries. His curatorial exhibits have featured some of the Bay Area's renown artists such as former Black Panther Emory Douglas, West Oakland sculptor Bruce Beasley, Eesuu Orundide, Keba Konte, Githinji Wa Mbire, Kevin Slagle, Don Fortescue and others. He has also worked with artists Amiri Baraka, The Last Poets, David Murray, Kahil El Zabar, Sonia Sanchez, Kamau Da'oud, Marvin X, Piri Thomas, Micheal McClure, Lawrence Ferlingetti, Guillermo Gómez-Peña, and Don Cheadle.
In 2000, Diallo was featured in "Source Magazine"'s Dreaming Americans series.
He is also co-founder of Eastside Arts Alliance, a multicultural organization in the Lower San Antonio District and currently works with Ecocity Builders. The concept of a cultural district has been labelled by some residents as exclusionary. Diallo and his non-black supporters have been quoted in the mainstream media stating that the revitalization of Oakland's oldest Black neighborhood is for the benefit of all residents of Oakland, regardless of race, color or creed. He was quoted in the "San Francisco Chronicle Sunday Magazine" in January 2007 saying, " It's not just for blacks... Everybody needs a black cultural district. Just like everybody needs a Chinatown."
In 2009, Diallo was featured prominently on CNN's "Reclaiming The Dream" because of his legendary efforts in helping to revitalize West Oakland's historic predominantly African-American "Lower Bottoms" neighborhood. In the piece Diallo is quoted as saying that while he understands that gentrification is happening, and that West Oakland is moving towards being "one of the most integrated neighborhoods in the Bay Area", that he just wants to make sure that the longtime black working-class inhabitants are able to participate in the neighborhood's newfound wealth.
The CNN coverage shared Diallo's vision of a Black Cultural District with millions of viewers internationally, causing hundreds of people across the country to visit the District. Diallo answered the cause, by giving frequent tours of the District to people of all backgrounds on a weekly basis.
Continuing creative efforts.
He has self-published one book of poetry. His forthcoming book "Black New World Manifesto", featuring prose and poems with a forward by Amiri Baraka was due for release by Black Dot Cafe Press in 2009.
Discography.
Album/EPs
The Shaman & The Nigga God (1997)
SPACE: Rhyme Ritual Trio (1998)
Live @ The CyberCafe (1998)
Shadows & Moonlight (1998)
Overdue Babies (2003)
Honey Suga Love (2009)
Bibliography.
"The Shaman & Chapter Book", 1997
"The Last Will And Testament of Shitworker Jainkins: Prosessays & Bastard Literature", 1998
Exhibitions.
West Oakland Today/Scrapyard Ghosts, ProArts Gallery, 1998 (artist)
Reparations!, Asian Resource Gallery, Oakland Chinatown, 1999 (artist)
Sampling Oakland/ Eastside Story, YBCA, 2006 (guest curator & artist)
OSHUN, Cornelia Bell's Black Bottom Gallery, Oakland, 2007 (artist)
Decolonization! An installation of Self-Rule, Cornelia Bell's Black Bottoms Gallery, Oakland, 2007 (curator & artist)
Betcha Bottom Dollar: An Underground Currency Game, Cornelia Bell's Black Bottom Gallery, Oakland, 2007 (curator & artist)
Black Panther: The Cultural Ministry of Emory Douglas, ART@THE CANNERY, Oakland, 2008 (curator & artist)
West Oakland at The Moment, ART@THE CANNERY, Oakland, 2008 (curator & artist)
Ekpu & The Fattening House: The Art of Inyang Ntofon, ART@THE CANNERY (curator)
BAN5/ The Black New World Recipe Book One: Sanctified Gumbo, Yerba Buena Center for The Arts, 2008 (guest curator & artist)
Further reading.
"Black Artists in Oakland" by Jerry Thompson, Duane Deterville, 2007, Arcadia Publishing, ISBN 0-7385-4725-5
"Maximum Rocknroll," published by Maximum Rock 'n' Roll, 2006
"Z" magazine, Institute for Social and Cultural Communications, 2000
Building Arts, Building Community? Informal Arts Districts and Neighborhood Change In Oakland, California, by the Center for Community Innovation University of California, Berkeley, 2008. [http://communityinnovation.berkeley.edu/publications/Arts-Community.pdf]

</doc>
<doc id="19617541" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19617541" title="Alfred Angas Scott">
Alfred Angas Scott

Alfred Angas Scott was a motorcycle designer, inventor and founder of the Scott Motorcycle Company. A prolific inventor, he took out over 50 patents between 1897 and 1920, mostly concerning two-stroke engines and road vehicles. Scott was a keen potholer and the second president of the Gritstone club. In July 1923 Scott travelled back to Bradford in his open Scott Sociable wearing wet potholing clothes and contracted pneumonia from which he died.
Early life.
Born in Manningham, a mill town just north of Bradford in 1875, Alfred Scott's family moved to Scotland and he went to school at Melrose on the Scottish border near Selkirk. They later moved to Uttoxeter in Staffordshire where Alfred studied engineering and design at Abbotsholme School. He was a gifted engineer and inventor and trained in engineering at shipbuilders Douglas & Grant in Kirkcaldy and worked at W. Sisson & Co Ltd in Gloucester, where he learnt to design and develop marine engines. Much of Scott's early experimental work was on the development of two-stroke marine engines which he would test by running them for long periods at full power on a water brake. He formed a syndicate of boating enthusiasts with his brothers Herbert and Norman Scott and two others to finance the development of marine engine for motor boats. This included the invention of a pawl and ratchet starter was used which later became part of a patent application for a kickstarter on almost all motorcycles to follow.
Business.
Alfred Scott's first motorcycle was developed from his own twin-cylinder engine design which he hand built and fitted to the steering head of a bicycle. These engines were used to power equipment such as lathes and light machinery and Scott had been involved in the manufacture of 'Premier' pedal cycles. He developed this prototype into a motorcycle and six were produced under contract by friends with a car company called Jowett in Bradford. Scott patented an early form of caliper brakes in 1897 (Patent GB 1626 of 1897), designed a fully triangulated frame, rotary induction valves, and used unit construction for his motorcycle engine.
Scott started making boat engines in 1900. He patented his first engine in 1904 (Patent GB 3367 of 1904) and started motorcycle production in 1908 with a vertical two-stroke 450 cc twin, with patented triangulated frame, chain drive, neutral-finder, kick starter (Patent GB 27667 of 1908), and two-speed gearbox. His patented two-stroke engine designs are still the basis of modern two-stroke engines and features such as the first kick start, monoshock suspension, efficient radiators, rotary inlet valves, drip-feed lubricators and centrestands continue to this day.
He formed The Scott Motorcycle Company in 1908. The motorcycles produced there were very successful in competitions, winning the fastest laps at the Isle of Man TT (Tourist Trophy race) from 1911 to 1914, with outright wins in 1912 and 1913. Scott's motorcycles were deemed to be 'too efficient' for racing against motorcycles of the same capacity, so their cubic capacity was multiplied by 1.32 for competitive purposes.
Alfred Scott left the company in 1915 and after World War I formed the Scott Autocar Company in nearby Bradford to make a motorcycle/car hybrid called the Sociable. This was half sidecar and half a car 3-wheeler, originally designed for military use as a machine gun carrier, with a single front wheel on the offside in line with the rear wheel, creating a layout similar to a motorcycle and sidecar combination. The wooden bodywork was mounted on a tubular, triangular frame and the engine was Scott's own design, a 578 cc water-cooled, two-cylinder, two-stroke engine. The idea was not a success and production ended in 1925.

</doc>
<doc id="19617570" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19617570" title="Share Your Love with Me">
Share Your Love with Me

"Share Your Love with Me" is a song written by Alfred Braggs and Deadric Malone. It was originally recorded by blues singer Bobby "Blue" Bland for his 1963 album, "Call on Me". His version peaked at #42 on the Billboard Hot 100 and #5 on the Hot Rhythm & Blues Singles chart.
Aretha Franklin version.
Aretha Franklin recorded the song for her 1970 album, "This Girl's in Love with You". Her single spent five weeks at number-one on the Best Selling Soul Singles chart and peaked at #13 on the Billboard Hot 100 in 1969.
Kenny Rogers version.
Kenny Rogers recorded this song for his 1981 album, "Share Your Love". It was released in September 1981 as the second single from the album. His version peaked at #14 on the Billboard Hot 100 and #5 on the Hot Country Singles chart. Rogers' version also reached number one on the Adult Contemporary Singles chart.
Other versions.
Other versions have been recorded by Johnny Adams, The Band, Freddy Fender, Charlie Rich, The Fantastic Four, Phoebe Snow, and Susan Tedeschi
Hope Clarke.

</doc>
<doc id="19617606" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19617606" title="Tropical Storm Mekkhala">
Tropical Storm Mekkhala

The name Mekkhala has been used for two tropical cyclones in the western north Pacific Ocean. The name was contributed by Thailand and means "Angel of thunder". 

</doc>
<doc id="19617613" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19617613" title="Morton Strait">
Morton Strait

Morton Strait is the -long and -wide strait between Snow Island on the southwest and Rugged Island and Livingston Island on the northeast, in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica. The Aim Rocks and Long Rock lie in the strait.
The feature was named on a chart by James Weddell, published in 1825, and is now established in international usage.
Location.
The strait is centred at () (British mapping in 1821 and 1968, Chilean mapping in 1971, Argentine mapping in 1980, and Bulgarian mapping in 2005 and 2009). The United States Geological Survey gives the location as .

</doc>
<doc id="19617666" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19617666" title=".22 Winchester Rimfire">
.22 Winchester Rimfire

The .22 Winchester Rimfire (commonly called the .22 WRF) is an American rimfire rifle cartridge.
Introduced in the Winchester M1890 slide rifle, it had a flat-nose slug, and is identical to the .22 Remington Special (which differed only in having a roundnosed slug). It uses a flat-based, inside-lubricated bullet, which differs from the outside-lube slug of the .22 Short, Long, LR, and Extra Long rounds.
When introduced, the .22WRF "was the first notable improvement in the killing power" over the .22LR, and was able to kill cleaner at up to 75 yd (70 m). It is somewhat less accurate than the .22 LR and is most suited to hunting small game such as rabbits or prairie dogs. 
A variety of Winchester, Remington, and Stevens single-shots and repeater rifles were offered from 1890 onward, but new rifles are not made for this cartridge. .22 WRF ammunition is periodically offered by commercial makers for use in the old guns. It can be fired in any rifle chambered for the more powerful .22 WMR. The shorter WRF cartridge may be limited to single shot use in WMR rifles, since it may not feed from WMR length magazines, depending on design.

</doc>
<doc id="19617669" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19617669" title="Howard Wolowitz">
Howard Wolowitz

Howard Joel Wolowitz, M.Eng is a fictional character on the CBS television series "The Big Bang Theory", portrayed by actor Simon Helberg. Among the main male characters in the show, Howard is distinguished for lacking a doctoral degree, for still living with his mother, and for believing himself to be a "ladies' man". Simon Helberg's character is named after a computer programmer known by the show's co-creator Bill Prady. He is the only character who has been to the International Space Station.
Biography.
Howard is an Aerospace Engineer at Caltech's Department of Applied Physics who is often seen at the apartment of Leonard Hofstadter (Johnny Galecki) and Sheldon Cooper (Jim Parsons). He is best friends with Rajesh Koothrappali (Kunal Nayyar). He was born in 1981 as specified in season one's episode "The Pancake Batter Anomaly". Howard received his degree in Engineering from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology.
Howard sports a bowl-style haircut and tends to wear loud 1960-era outfits, a V-neck or T-shirt over a turtleneck or dickey which sport a variety of pins, and always has skinny jeans and an alien pin. He is also fond of belt buckles, which have included a Nintendo controller, a silver Batman logo, a 45 RPM record insert, a Klingon communicator, and a buckle containing the superhero the Flash, wearing these over only one belt, as stated in one of the episodes. Although Jewish, Howard often rebels against the religion and even goes as far as mocking Judaism. He is also an interpreter of sign language.
Personality.
Like his friends, Howard is an avid fan of comic books and superheroes. Until after he returned from space in season six, his preferred personal transportation was via his Vespa motor scooter. However, he has sold the Vespa and bought a Mini Countryman in the episode "The Parking Spot Escalation", using the fundings from his space travel, and lives with his wife Bernadette Rostenkowski-Wolowitz, after moving out of his mother's home.
Besides English, Howard can speak six languages including French, Mandarin, Russian, Persian, Arabic, and the constructed language "Klingon" from the "Star Trek" franchise. He also knows some words in Sindarin, one of the elvish dialects invented by J.R.R. Tolkien for The Lord of the Rings. Although in the show, Howard has been mentioned as speaking these languages, the writers have not explored his proficiency much. The episode "The Wiggly Finger Catalyst" also reveals he knows American Sign Language.
Until his marriage, Howard fancied himself a "ladies' man" and he provided outrageous pick-up lines whenever there was a woman present, resulting in humiliating rejections. Howard describes himself as a romantic, although he usually comes across as overtly sexual, and in the words of Penny, disgusting. However, Penny's dislike of Howard has mellowed somewhat since Howard started dating Penny's work colleague Bernadette, to whom he is now married. When Howard found an ALF doll and revealed that it filled a void for him when his father left, Penny felt sympathy for him and began to empathise more when she understood his behavior a little bit better.
Howard, much like Penny, dislikes many of Sheldon's antics, but he has grown accustomed to them, although he gets frustrated with Sheldon more quickly than Raj or Leonard. Once Penny asked how Sheldon had become friends with him and Howard simply replied "We liked Leonard."
Howard is allergic to peanuts, which can give him a life-threatening anaphylactic reaction; he once deliberately caused this just to keep Leonard busy at the hospital (they were planning a surprise birthday party for him), and his face was horribly disfigured. Another time, when he was depressed about breaking up with Leslie Winkle in Season 3, and while he was in Las Vegas with Raj and Leonard, he tweeted that he was considering suicide by consuming a can of peanuts due to loneliness and not having his desires met. He has also mentioned having transient idiopathic arrhythmia. Howard is proud of the fact that he has only three percent body fat, which Raj declares makes him look like a human chicken wing.
Although Jewish, Howard is not very serious about his religion, and does not keep kosher. For instance, he eats pork, and when the price of pork went up at the group's favorite Chinese restaurant, he remarked "it's getting tougher and tougher to be a bad Jew". On another occasion, when Howard tried to date Sheldon's sister, Missy, he said he would kill his rabbi with a pork chop if his religion was an impediment, and one of the reasons he was happy to continue dating Bernadette (who is Catholic) was because it gave him the chance to really annoy his mother. Despite this, Howard has shown some belief in his faith. When he and Raj posed as goths to pick up women, he wore fake-tattoo sleeves and refused to get real ones (although he attempted to get one but was too scared of the needle). It is noted in "The Bath Item Gift Hypothesis" that he observes Hanukkah. He also apparently attends High Holy Day services, as Sheldon once critically commented that he was not available to compete in Halo during those times. However, in "The Financial Permeability" he made the sign of the Cross — a Catholic practice — during an encounter with Kurt, Penny's former boyfriend.
In the episode "The Herb Garden Germination", he became engaged to Bernadette when she accepted to his marriage proposal. They eventually married in "The Countdown Reflection," the Season 5 finale, which featured a small reception. They had a bigger, "official" one after Howard returned from space (although this was not featured).
Work.
Unlike Leonard, Sheldon, and Raj, Howard lacks a Ph.D. and is sometimes derided about it, especially by Sheldon, Sheldon's girlfriend Amy Farrah Fowler, and the department head, Dr. Gablehauser. He defends himself by pointing out that he has a master's degree from MIT (although he first studied in medical school but dropped out since he was terrified of blood). Because he does not have a doctorate, Dr. Gablehauser refers to him as "mister" while referring to his friends as doctors, and Sheldon often says that he is the least smart of the four "nerd" characters, as shown in "The Bus Pants Utilization", where the guys develop an iPhone app and Sheldon refers to them as "three geniuses and their friend Howard".
Howard is usually seen working on equipment to be used in NASA missions and the International Space Station, though many times he is careless about it, and has "access" to high-tech surveillance and NASA gear. In the first episode, Howard mentioned working on the design of a satellite that orbits a moon of Jupiter taking high-resolution photos.
Having worked on the Mars rover project, he invited his date, Dr. Stephanie Barnett, to drive it at a secret facility. Instead, the rover became stuck in a Martian ditch and he spent the rest of the night with Sheldon and Raj trying to undo the damage and get the rover out of the ditch. When this proved unsuccessful, he decided to erase the hard drives of the facility and destroy all the files connected to his treachery to cover up his meddling, only to later find out that the rover had discovered the first clear signs of life on Mars.
The rover incident was kept a close secret, until the Season 4 episode "The Apology Insufficiency", when he made it onto a new team for the Defense Department laser-equipped surveillance satellite, Howard was not granted security clearance and was taken out of the team after Sheldon revealed the rover incident to an investigating FBI agent.
On another occasion, Howard worked on a zero-gravity human-waste disposal system, essentially a "space toilet", that was deployed in the International Space Station. He later realized the equipment had a structural weakness (the toilet would explode after 10 flushes) and again sought the help of his friends to correct it. The solution proved unsuccessful and an incident on the station ensued (Raj referred to this as the "zero-gravity human-waste "distribution" system"). The end of the episode showed the ISS astronauts leaving the station for an "unscheduled" space walk. This leads to Sheldon describing his work as being a "space plumber."
Being the engineer among his physicist friends, he assumes the role of leader for small hands-on projects. He was the primary force behind "M.O.N.T.E.", a killer robot designed to enter a robot fighting competition. The robot was destroyed by Barry Kripke's own robot, the "Kripke Krippler", in an unofficial match before the start of competition.
In the season 4 premiere, Howard developed a robotic arm for the International Space Station. Realizing how much it felt like an actual arm, he used the arm for masturbation, only to get the arm stuck on his penis. He called Leonard and Raj, but neither was willing to get too "hands on" and help free him from the arm's grip. He was afraid to use the computer controlling the arm as it thought it was holding a screwdriver and would start twisting if he un-paused the program. Eventually, Leonard and Raj took Howard to the hospital, where the attending nurse went against Howard's fears and turned off the computer, freeing Howard. The episode's tag scene implied that Howard tried to use the arm to pleasure himself again and ended up in the same predicament. Howard likely has the most hands-on and mechanical aptitude of the four as well. It appears he has soldering and electrical/wiring abilities as shown when he built the robot fighter M.O.N.T.E.
Howard visited the International Space Station as a Payload Specialist on Expedition 31. He has the unwanted astronaut nickname "Froot Loops" (he had wanted the nickname "Rocket Man" and to that end installed the ring tone for Elton John's song "Rocket Man", but another astronaut overheard Howard's mother telling Howard that his Froot Loops were getting soggy during a NASA Skype conversation). At first NASA canceled his flight to a very relieved Howard, but then the mission was moved up causing Howard and Bernadette to move up their wedding. A very nervous Howard is launched into space. His sixth season experience is not great since his fellow astronauts play tricks on him and he starts to experience panic attacks. Upon his return to Earth, he gets an underwhelming response from his friends, and his only consolation is a free slice of cheesecake at a restaurant. He spends the remainder of the season boasting about his trip, to the irritation of everyone. Sheldon eventually sets him straight by denying being envious of his going into space, since "Monkeys went to space."
Family.
Until his marriage, Howard was noted for still living with his overbearing mother, who is selectively oblivious to his accomplishments as an adult and usually treats him like he is still a child, filling the cliché of a Jewish mother. Once, Leonard stated that Howard "was in a pretty serious relationship-with his mom." Howard is an only child. Howard's wife is Bernadette Rostenkowski-Wolowitz.
Mrs. Wolowitz (voiced by Carol Ann Susi) is not shown on-screen until the season 6 episode "The Spoiler Alert Segmentation", but her voice is heard when he is at their house or when he talks to her on the phone. She only communicates with Howard by yelling to him in an obnoxious manner, which results in awkward long-distance conversations, with Howard yelling back at her in a frustrated manner. Her nosy nature and her barrage of questions make Howard's life tense at home, which prompts him to call her a "crazy old lady". It is revealed in "The Cohabitation Formulation", however, when Howard briefly moves in with Bernadette, that he likes being "mothered" to some extent. In "The Apology Insufficiency", Sheldon observes that Howard seems to have "an unresolved Oedipus complex".
In "The Precious Fragmentation", Howard reveals that his father left his family when Howard was eleven years old. His mother bought him an ALF doll to help Howard try to get over it. When Howard finds a similar doll at a garage sale, he starts talking to it as if he were eleven again, asking him to find his father and bring him home. This causes Penny (who usually avoids Howard and is disgusted by him) to be sympathetic. The trauma of his father's desertion and the lack of a father figure throughout adolescence may be the root of much of Howard's behavior. So far Howard is the only character out of the main cast who has never had a family relative appear on-screen but his family seems to be rather extensive and distributed all over the USA, as seen from the time when he briefly dated Dr. Stephanie Barnett. In "The Shiny Trinket Maneuver", it is mentioned that the birthday party where he did his magic show was his cousin's party but it is unknown who his cousin was in the group of children that were present. In "The Closet Reconfiguration" Howard gets a letter from his father which is the first contact that he gets from his father in the show.
Relationships.
Howard is consistently depicted as the most perverted of the guys. For example, he develops a mathematical formula for the likelihood of his having relations by applying and modifying the Drake equation to include the "Wolowitz coefficient," which he defines as "neediness times dress size squared." He states, "I'm a horny engineer... I never joke about math or sex".
Howard's techniques in approaching women are varied, including magic and card tricks.
Along with Leonard and Raj, Howard also attempts to woo Missy, Sheldon's twin sister. His offer is not accepted, although it was clear she was waiting for Raj. Katee Sackhoff appears as herself in "The Vengeance Formulation" where she is fantasized as Howard's dream girl. She appears again in season 4, in the same role.
Since the beginning of the series, Howard shows an interest in Penny, but the interest is primarily sexual and she always rejects him. After yet another approach by Howard, Penny finally confronts him about the way he treats women. This greatly affects Howard and he falls into a depression, missing work and staying home. When Penny apologizes, Howard tells her about his past relationships and Penny shows some sympathy for him; after her comforting words, Howard tries to kiss her, but she reacts by breaking his nose. With the situation resolved, Penny believes they have come to an "understanding", but Howard instead thinks he was merely "halfway to pity sex" with her.
Howard engages in a "friends with benefits" relationship with Leslie Winkle, which brings him a few benefits besides sex. However, he still becomes depressed when Leslie leaves him some time later. In order to cheer him up, Leonard and Raj take Howard to Las Vegas and manage to hire a prostitute for him.
When the guys travel by train to a symposium in San Francisco, Howard gets a chance to talk to Summer Glau (portraying herself). His clumsy attempts at impressing the actress fail, despite his being in a confined environment with her for multiple hours.
During a camping trip with Leonard and Raj, in which they all get stoned by eating cookies laced with a drug (likely marijuana), Howard reveals he lost his virginity to his second cousin Jeanie after his uncle's funeral. This fact prompts incessant teasing from Leonard and Raj.
Despite the fact that Howard is undeniably obsessed with women, some believe him to be in a gay relationship with Raj. The belief is proposed by Dr. Beverly Hofstadter, Leonard's mother. She says she believes them to be in an "ersatz homosexual marriage." Both Howard's and Raj's parents are aware of this; when Howard asks his mother if Bernadette can stay over, she clearly states she cannot say no when Bernadette is "willing to give the milk away free." She concludes her statement by saying "Frankly, after all your sleepovers with the little brown boy, a girl is a big relief." while Raj's mother stated "the closest thing we have to a daughter-in-law is that Jewish boy Howard!" Raj and Howard have several arguments during the series, in which Raj repeatedly accuses Howard of leaving him for everyone who is only slightly better looking, which appears Raj to be assuming the cliché female role in partnership arguments. However, Raj and Howard's relationship is mostly close. Raj often whispers comments to Howard when Penny is in the room, which allows him an avenue of communication, given Raj's chronic inability to speak to women (although he was cured from it at the end of the sixth season).
In recent seasons, Howard is in a romantic relationship with Bernadette Rostenkowski (Melissa Rauch). A waitress paying her way through graduate school for microbiology studies, Bernadette is introduced to Howard by Penny. At first she and Howard do not get along, as they appear to have nothing in common. However, when they find out they both have overbearing mothers they immediately feel a connection. They are particularly pleased that it could enrage both Howard's Jewish mother and Bernadette's Catholic mother to find out their kids are dating. They also each note that they lost their virginity in Toyota-made vehicles. Subsequently, Howard realizes Bernadette represents a real opportunity to develop a lasting relationship and, in an impulsive manner, he proposes to her. Although Bernadette rejects his offer, they remain a couple for a time.
There is often a running gag between Leonard and Howard mocking Raj for still being single. In "The Plimpton Stimulation," Howard briefly mentions that he and Bernadette broke up a couple weeks earlier, but did not mention it since he "was waiting for the right time." It is later revealed that the relationship ended because Bernadette caught Howard engaging in cybersex with "Glacinda the Troll" on World of Warcraft, who is later revealed to be played by a male employee of the university (Steve Patterson, "The greasy old fat guy in Facilities Management"). By the end of the episode, the two discuss their problems and restart their relationship from the beginning.
Season 4 introduces Howard's "latent homosexual tendencies" when George Takei appears as himself in an imaginary conversation with Bernadette and Katee Sackhoff over his relationship status with Bernadette and his erotic fantasies with animated characters, which is a reminder of what Leonard's mother earlier says about the "ersatz marriage".
In "The Herb Garden Germination," Howard once again proposes to Bernadette, this time in front of his friends. To the horrific dismay of Raj, who had developed feelings for Bernadette, she accepts. However, during their engagement, Bernadette is awarded her doctorate degree and reveals that she has gotten a job at a pharmaceutical company which promises a "buttload of money." Although he claims to have supported her new career, Howard's friends mock him for not having a doctorate, with Penny calling the others doctors then remarking that Howard knows a lot of doctors. The situation reaches its breaking point when he and Bernadette have an argument after she buys him a Rolex. He interprets it as a sign that she will be the main breadwinner.
The souring of relations grow worse when he learns from Raj that, in addition to having almost having intercourse with Penny, Raj also was writing love poems and fantasizing about Bernadette and him, which leads to Howard distrusting Bernadette and believing that she may cheat on him with Raj.
More recently, Howard accepts that Bernadette may be the main breadwinner in their relationship, since they've agreed that if they have children, he will stay at home with them while she continues to work.
At his bachelor party, an inebriated Raj describes Howard losing his virginity to his second cousin, his Las Vegas prostitute experience, and their threesome with an overweight Sailor Moon woman at Comic-Con. Wil Wheaton films the whole speech and posts it online. Bernadette picks them up and is furious after seeing the video and is wondering how she can marry a man that she doesn't seem to know, though she does forgive him after he gives an enrapturing apology for Penny to transfer, which sends her into tears.
Bernadette tells Howard that she wants to be married to him before he is launched into space. After an abortive attempt to be married at the city hall before it closed, they agree to be married on the roof of the apartment building. Bernadette is escorted down the aisle by her father and is married by Raj, Leonard, Penny, Sheldon and Amy who all became ministers for the occasion. The ceremony is photographed by an orbiting satellite for the Google Earth website.
During season 6, the newlyweds do have some bumps including Howard readjusting to being back on earth, moving out of his mother's house, and spending too much on his collectibles hobby. but they continued to grow a steady relationship together.

</doc>
<doc id="19617684" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19617684" title="Raj Koothrappali">
Raj Koothrappali

Rajesh Ramayan "Raj" Koothrappali, Ph.D. (born October 6) is a fictional character on the CBS television series "The Big Bang Theory", portrayed by British Indian actor Kunal Nayyar.
Rajesh is Howard Wolowitz's (Simon Helberg) best friend, with whom Raj shares what Nayyar calls a "bromance", although the relationship is frequently made awkward by Raj's metrosexuality. Raj works as an astrophysicist in the Physics Department at Caltech. His principal characteristic was selective mutism (social anxiety disorder), which did not allow him to talk to women unless he was under the influence of alcohol. He was cured of this disability in the season 6 finale.
Character Biography.
Rajesh, who is normally nicknamed Raj, is from New Delhi, India. However, he despises Indian food, and his knowledge of Indian culture and Hinduism are often disputed by Sheldon Cooper. He was born into a wealthy family and has five siblings, one of whom is Priya, a former girlfriend of Leonard's. Raj is normally seen wearing a layered combination of a shirt and sweater vest, khakis, and a windbreaker, usually of brightly colored fleece or pastel gabardine. In the pilot, he wears a red cap.
Raj joins in playing "Halo" online and trading-card games with his friends.
It was revealed in "The Monster Isolation" that Raj did at least part of his higher education at the University of Cambridge, where he discovered his interest in astrophysics.
Personality.
Generally, Raj is more patient with Sheldon than Leonard, Howard, or Penny is; however, Sheldon is completely oblivious to this, and in one episode casually cuts him off as a friend. 
Another recurring joke is his metrosexuality, which manifests itself in the form of his love of cooking, his appreciation for media generally associated with female patrons, such as the novel "Eat, Pray, Love", the TV series "Sex and the City" and the films of Sandra Bullock. This has led those close to him to opine that he is somewhat feminine (as in "The Closure Alternative"), and others to mistakenly conclude that he is homosexual (a theory his sister mentioned in "The Herb Garden Germination" had been held by members of their family), though Raj typically denies this, as in the episode "The Transporter Malfunction". 
When socializing with his friends, despite his Indian accent, Raj is noted for using slang and using the word "dude", although on some occasions he does not understand American slang. He speaks fluent Hindi.
Selective mutism.
Until the season six finale, Raj's principal characteristic was his inability to speak to or around non-related women, a medical condition known as selective mutism. In the show this was alluded to by Dr. Beverly Hofstadter, Leonard's mother. Raj also stated he has selective mutism in the episode "The Cornhusker Vortex". Raj was able to speak in the presence of women only when they were part of a crowd, unless he had been drinking alcoholic beverages (or thinks he has been), if he was under influence of other drugs, or if he was unaware of their presence. He observed that this was an improvement over his previous affliction, in which the presence of women caused him to lose bladder control. He had no problem speaking to his mother, sisters, or other female relatives.
Until the end of the sixth season, Raj remained silent when Penny was present. Penny occasionally taunted him about this, saying such things as "Yo, Raj, talk to me". Raj sometimes whispered what he wanted to say to Howard or Leonard, who then repeated his words or responded to his question out loud. However, Howard sometimes used the situation to amuse himself—for example, when he "confessed" on Raj's behalf that Raj stalked Penny with binoculars, or when Sheldon called Penny over to their table to silence Raj; Howard then refused to act as a mouthpiece and told Raj, "Suck it up; (Sheldon) won." In "The Bat Jar Conjecture", Raj accidentally utters a few words ("good story"), much to the surprise of his friends, but he immediately realizes Penny is there and covers his mouth with both hands. A recurring gag is for Raj to find himself left alone when his friends, in the company of Penny or another woman, after his friends make plans to go somewhere and Raj's mutism prevents him from speaking up to join in. 
Alcohol suppressed Raj's social anxiety. Consuming even a tiny amount of it enabled him to have prolonged conversations with women. (In Season 4's "The Apology Insufficiency", a bite of rum cake proved sufficient to overcome his problem.) However, this also tends to make him loud and obnoxious. When the main characters take a train to an academic conference in San Francisco, Raj can talk to series guest Summer Glau (playing herself) while drinking beer. However, when Howard discovers the beer is non-alcoholic and that Raj is under a placebo effect, he uses this to his advantage and Raj returns to his usual mute self. In some episodes, Raj took to carrying a hip-flask with him to remedy his problem.
Raj experimented with medications that suppressed social anxiety, but they tended to have side effects. When Sheldon's sister Missy visited, Raj took medicine that enabled him to speak to her, but it resulted in involuntary repetitive hand motions. He also considered a different drug but worried that it might affect his rationality. Sheldon encouraged him to take it anyway. It enabled Raj to speak to a woman in a coffee shop, but also caused a complete loss of inhibition, inducing him to remove all of his clothing, in the episode "The Wildebeest Implementation".
In the first season episode "The Dumpling Paradox", Leonard jokingly suggests cutting Raj in half so the group can play video games without Howard while Penny is in the room. Raj turns to Leonard (facing away from Penny) and responds, "Oh, sure, cut the foreigner in half. There's a billion more where he came from."
In episodes that required him to speak with Penny or other women present, he was usually shown doing so with a beer or wine glass near him to indicate he had consumed alcohol (for example, in the Season 6 episode "The Santa Simulation").
At the end of the Season 6 finale "The Bon Voyage Reaction", Raj's friend Lucy breaks up with him. The subsequent trauma apparently cures his mutism, and he finds he can talk to Penny, Amy, and Bernadette while completely sober. However, he talks so much that the women become bored and irritated.
Family.
Raj regularly communicates with his parents, Dr. and Mrs. V.M. Koothrappali back in India via webcam. When they become meddling or judgmental, he "brings his parents" into Leonard and Sheldon's apartment via his laptop. In the season 2 finale, Mrs. Koothrappali and Mrs. Wolowitz have an argument because the latter does not believe that there is not a single Outback Steakhouse restaurant in India.
A running gag in the series is Raj portraying himself as having come from humble origins and growing up in poverty in India, only for his friends to remind him that his father is a gynecologist, drives a Bentley (which he protests was a "lease"), and had servants (although he protests on one occasion that there were only four servants, and that two of them were children). In the episode "The Wiggly Finger Catalyst", Sheldon reveals that Raj's family is wealthier than he lets on. He observes that they are "Richie Rich rich", which he explains is "halfway between Bruce Wayne and Scrooge McDuck").
Raj's cousin Sanjay (or, as he says his friends know him, "Dave from AT&T Customer Service") works in a call centre and is mentioned in a number of episodes. In one episode, Raj tries to avoid returning to India for his cousin's wedding, as Raj's parents have arranged a date for him.
Raj has three brothers and two sisters. Raj's sister Priya has a one-night stand with Leonard in Season 4. This leads to a brief argument between Leonard, Raj and Howard for breaking the "pinky swear" they made about never trying to make a move on her. Later in the series, Priya and Leonard start a relationship against Raj's wishes, which is awkward as she is living with Raj at the time. In the Season 4 finale, Raj had to temporarily move into Sheldon's apartment after overhearing Leonard using Star Trek references as sexual metaphors to his sister.
Also, in the season 3 episode "The Precious Fragmentation", Raj tries to negotiate the possession of the One Ring with the help of his cousin Venkatesh Koothrappali, who is an attorney (but agrees with Raj that he is useless in that role).
Work.
Raj is an astrophysicist in the Physics Department at Caltech, best known for a publication on Kuiper belt object size distribution.
For his discovery of a planetary object beyond the Kuiper belt, , which he named "Planet Bollywood", Raj was included in "People" magazine's "30 (Visionaries) Under 30 (Years of Age) to Watch", received a larger office, and became a celebrity of sorts, drawing the envy of his friends.
After six months of failed research on the composition of trans-Neptunian objects, Raj feared being deported back to India (at which point, he describes spending his time at work as "mostly checking e-mail, updating my facebook status, and messing up Wikipedia entries"). To stay in the country, he sought out a research position in stellar evolution with Professor Laughlin; the job proposition failed as the research team included an attractive woman, and Raj, who accidentally drank too much, made an inappropriate comment. Raj ended up working alongside Sheldon, (or "for" him as Sheldon insists), "exploring the string theory implications of gamma rays from dark matter annihilations". Ironically, he noted that he once wanted to be the "Indira Gandhi of particle astrophysics (except with a penis)". During season 6, Raj has developed a talent to be a party planner that was demonstrated at the time of Howard and Bernadette's wedding,
and the Halloween,
and Valentine's Day parties,
at the comic book store.
Relationships.
Raj has not been involved in any lasting romantic relationship, mostly due to his inability to speak to women. However, he is much more successful in flings than the more sexually aggressive Howard. He once dated Lalita Gupta, a childhood friend, in an arrangement made by his parents. With Raj able to speak to her only under the influence of alcohol, the date went badly, and Lalita left the intoxicated and bothersome Raj to have dinner with Sheldon.
When Raj was invited to "People" magazine's reception, he became inebriated again and presented Penny to his parents (via webcam) as his girlfriend. Later, he had to apologize to Penny for his behavior. Although he tried apologizing through a written note, Penny forced him to utter a barely audible "sorry".
Raj also sought to date Sheldon's attractive twin sister, Missy. To do so, he took an experimental drug to correct his anxiety disorder. He was the only one, out of himself, Howard and Leonard, that Missy wanted to go out with. However, he was unable to ask her out as the effect of the medication wore off.
When Sheldon, Leonard, Howard, and Raj were on a train to San Francisco, the latter three tried talking to Summer Glau. After drinking what he thought was a beer, Raj talked to Summer. Because he was coy and smooth, she took a liking to him. When Howard pointed out that his beer was non-alcoholic, Raj stopped in the middle of his conversation, and rushed away from Glau without saying any more.
Raj revealed that he once had a girlfriend, after Leonard claimed that the two of them were the only ones without them. She has never appeared in the show, but he claimed that she was deaf, so his inability to speak with women was not an issue. Raj had an infatuation with Howard's girlfriend, Bernadette, and was visibly unhappy when she accepted Howard's marriage proposal.
Despite both being heterosexual, Raj and Howard occasionally appear as if they are in a homosexual relationship. This was described by Leonard's mother, Dr. Beverly Hofstadter, as an "ersatz homosexual marriage". Even Raj's parents are aware of this, as Raj's mother once noted "the closest thing we have to a daughter-in-law is that Jewish boy Howard!", which Raj quickly denied. Despite the denials, Raj often takes up the stereotypically "female" role in arguments with Howard, once expressing his displeasure at Howard constantly ditching him to chase women. Raj recounts a dream where he and Howard both had mansions with a secret tunnel that connected Howard's "front yard" to his "back yard". He uses a female avatar in World of Warcraft. In season four he claims to be a metrosexual.
In the season 4 finale, Penny and Raj get intoxicated and, despite agreeing to remain good friends, end up in bed together. The next morning, both agree to pretend it never happened, but they are caught by Leonard, Sheldon, and Howard as they try to leave, causing Penny to think about moving back to Nebraska. In the opening episode of season 5, Raj reveals to Penny that they did not have intercourse; instead he ejaculated prematurely and they fell asleep. Penny promised not to tell the guys, although subsequently she sometimes calls him "Quickdraw".
In season 5, Raj buys a new iPhone and quickly develops feelings for the computerized personal assistant, Siri.
Later in season 5, Penny believed she found the perfect match for Raj by having him meet a woman who was deaf. However, it turns out she only liked Raj for his money and left him when she found out his parents would cut his financial ties if they continued to see each other.
Finally, in despair, Raj asked his parents to find him a potential bride for an arranged marriage. Raj hit it off with his parents' first selection, but discovered that the woman was only looking for a husband to convince her family that she was not lesbian. She assumed Raj was gay and that they would have a lavender marriage, an idea Raj considered as a viable option to lifelong bachelorhood, until Howard and Bernadette convince him otherwise.
Out of their concern for his loneliness, Howard and Bernadette give him a pet dog. Happy with his new companion, Cinnamon (a female Yorkshire Terrier), Raj proceeded to see if the pet would fit in his man-purse. This leads Bernadette to question Raj's orientation. Ironically, in the episode "The Thespian Catalyst", Raj fantasizes various scenarios in which he is placed in situations where he must fulfill a promise to Howard to meet Bernadette's needs, including Howard being killed in an accident, he must go to Israel for two years, leaving Bernadette behind, etc. When he finishes the fantasies, he concludes he is "definitely not gay".
At Howard's bachelor party, an inebriated Raj tells all the guests about how Howard lost his virginity to his second cousin, his Las Vegas prostitute experience, and their threesome with an overweight Sailor Moon woman at Comic-Con which Wil Wheaton records and uploads to the Internet. Bernadette is furious after seeing the video.
In the season six episode, "The Tangible Affection Proof", Raj and his friend, comic book store owner Stuart, put together a party at the store for lonely single people on Valentine's Day. After giving a speech about how one cannot define themselves by being in a relationship, he is approached by a woman named Lucy (Kate Micucci). They both leave to get a cup of coffee, with Raj hypocritically declaring "Later losers!", hinting at Raj finally having a relationship. In "The Monster Isolation" Lucy flees during their coffee date sending Raj into depression and isolation in his apartment. Later, Lucy goes to his apartment to apologize and tells him that she has problems around new people. Raj describes his own psychological problem and they agree to a formal date.
In the following episode, "The Contractual Obligation Implementation", he takes Lucy out for a first date to a library where they text message each other instead of speak, helping her deal with her social anxiety and him with his selective mutism. They continue to date and by "The Love Spell Potential" they do kiss, though it is through a chain-link fence. However, in the season 6 finale "The Bon Voyage Reaction", Lucy feels too pressured by Raj to meet his friends, and a dinner between Lucy, Raj, and Amy does not go well. Raj apologizes for his behavior and asks Lucy to come to Leonard's goodbye party before his departure for the North Sea on Professor Stephen Hawking's expedition. However, Lucy text messages him at the party saying she will not be there and does not want to see him again. The next day, Penny goes to comfort a heartbroken Raj, who thinks he is completely unlovable. Penny tells him it was just the liquor talking, but Raj had not had a drink since the night before. He was finally cured of his selective mutism, so much so, he could not stop talking about what went wrong in his relationship with Lucy, which ironically compelled Penny, Bernadette, and Amy to start drinking to tolerate his endless speaking.
Creation and casting.
Raj did not appear in the original, unaired series pilot, where only Sheldon, Leonard, and a different version of the Penny character, called Katie, were present. The test audiences reacted negatively to Katie, but they liked Sheldon and Leonard. In the new pilot, Raj and Howard were added. Series co-creator Bill Prady stated: "The idea was, if they like these first two guys, let’s give them two more". Rajesh's social anxiety around women was inspired by a former co-worker of Prady. Originally the character was called "Dave", and was an American born to Indian parents. This was changed when Nayyar won the role, because he was "so Indian".

</doc>
<doc id="19617685" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19617685" title="Laurel Heights, San Francisco">
Laurel Heights, San Francisco

Laurel Heights is a neighborhood to the south of the Presidio of San Francisco and east of the Richmond District. It is bordered by Geary Boulevard or the University of San Francisco campus to the south, Arguello Boulevard to the west, California Street to the north and Presidio Avenue to the east. The Laurel Village shopping center is located on California between Laurel and Spruce, the California Pacific Medical Center is on California between Arguello and Maple, and a UCSF campus is located in the north eastern corner of the neighborhood.

</doc>
<doc id="19617707" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19617707" title="Barnard Point">
Barnard Point

Barnard Point is a headland which marks the south-east side of the entrance to False Bay on the south side of Livingston Island in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica. It is situated on Rozhen Peninsula, north-north-west of Botev Point and south-east of Miers Bluff (British mapping in 1968, and Bulgarian in 2005 and 2009).
History.
The point was known to sealers as early as 1822. The name was applied about a century later, probably after Mount Barnard (now Mount Friesland) which surmounts it to the north-east. Charles H. Barnard, captain of the ship "Charity" of New York, was a sealer in the South Shetlands in 1820–21.
Important Bird Area.
The site has been identified as an Important Bird Area (IBA) by BirdLife International because it supports a large breeding colony of Chinstrap Penguins (13,000 pairs), as well as about 30 pairs of Southern Giant Petrels. The 175 ha IBA comprises the ice-free area at the point, which rises to a height of over 250 m at its easternmost extent.

</doc>
<doc id="19617739" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19617739" title="Idgah, Uttar Pradesh">
Idgah, Uttar Pradesh

Idgah is towards the south-west of Agra City. Idgah has evolved into an important township where many important offices are located in the precincts of Idgah Colony. The place is an important commercial area in Agra. Idgah has a Bus Stand, which is the biggest Bus Stand in Agra and also a Railway Station, which make Idgah critical for Transportation needs of Agra. Agra Airport in Kheria is also to Idgah.
Important offices.
Idgah is also important administratively and below is list of some of the Important offices located here. 

</doc>
<doc id="19617743" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19617743" title="John Gould Veitch">
John Gould Veitch

John Gould Veitch (April 1839 – 13 August 1870) was a horticulturist and traveller, one of the first Victorian plant hunters to visit Japan. A great-grandson of John Veitch, the founder of the Veitch horticulture dynasty, he also visited the Philippines, Australia, Fiji, and other Polynesian islands.
He brought back a number of the glasshouse plants in vogue at the time, such as "Acalyphas", "Cordylines", "Codiaeums" (Crotons) and "Dracaenas", and, from Fiji, a palm of a new genus later named after him, "Veitchia joannis". The Veitch family name is honoured by hundreds of plant names, including the genus "Veitchia".
In Japan, he came across the eminent plant collector Robert Fortune, and their competing collections returned to England on the same ship. For example, both men claimed discovery of a species of "Chamaecyparis pisifera".
He was married to Jane Hodge soon after his return to England in 1866 and fathered two sons, James Herbert Veitch (1868 – 1907) and John Gould Veitch, Jr. (1869 – 1914) before dying of tuberculosis at the age of 31.

</doc>
<doc id="19617749" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19617749" title="Color (medieval music)">
Color (medieval music)

In medieval music theory, the terms color and coloration are used in four distinct senses, two of which relate to the notation and structuring of note durations, the third to florid ornamentation, and the fourth to the quality of chromatic music.
Coloration (mensural notation device).
As a notation device in mensural notation, the 14th–16th century system of notating musical meters and rhythms, "coloration" refers to the technique of marking notes as having a change in durational value—most commonly a reduction to two thirds of their normal value (Donington and Wright 2001). It is indicated by literally coloring the note-heads in the written music differently than their normal appearance. In the 14th and early 15th century, colored notes were typically marked in red while normal notes were black; in the 16th century, the same effect was achieved by filling the note-heads in black while normal notes were hollow. Sequences of colored notes can be used to notate triplet rhythms or hemiola effects.
Color (isorhythm).
In isorhythmic compositions, a composition technique characteristic of motets in the 14th and early 15th centuries, the term "color" refers to a sequence of repeated notes in the cantus firmus tenor of a composition. The "color" is typically divided into several "taleae", sequences that have the same rhythmic sequence. 
Coloration (ornamentation).
In the 16th to the 18th centuries, coloration refers to florid ornamentation, written or improvised, also called diminution, as well as to passages of free ornamentation called coloratura in the 19th century (Donington and Wright 2001).
Color (chromaticism).
In the 14th and 15th centuries, used the word "color" to refer to the beauty of the chromatic genus, for the effects of musica ficta, and the division of the whole tone into unequal parts, by which such "imperfect" intervals are "colored" (Sanders and Lindley 2001).

</doc>
<doc id="19617781" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19617781" title="Merchantrade">
Merchantrade

Merchantrade is a firm that offers money transfer services to 10 million foreign workers in Malaysia. It serves the communications and money transfer needs of foreign workers from countries including Bangladesh, Philippines, Indonesia, India, Nepal, Pakistan, Sri Lanka, and Vietnam.

</doc>
<doc id="19617784" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19617784" title="Brett Scott">
Brett Scott

Brett Scott (born 10 April 1962) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with the Sydney Football Club in the Victorian Football League during the 1980s.
Scott played his early football with The Rock-Yerong Creek before being recruited to South Melbourne and making his league debut in 1981. The following year the club relocated to Sydney and he took part in the inaugural game for their new city. Injuries restricted the centre's appearances over the years and when he finished in 1989 he had managed just 59 senior games. 
After Gary Buckenara was sacked as Sydney's coach in 1993, Scott acted as a caretaker coach for a couple of games.

</doc>
<doc id="19617793" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19617793" title="Beethoven Virus">
Beethoven Virus

Beethoven Virus () is a 2008 South Korean television series starring Kim Myung-min, Lee Ji-ah, and Jang Keun-suk. The show drew attention for being the first Korean drama to depict the lives of classical musicians, an orchestra and ordinary people who dream of becoming musicians. It aired on MBC from September 10 to November 12, 2008 on Wednesdays and Thursdays at 21:55 for 18 episodes.
Synopsis.
Kang Gun-woo (or Kang Mae) is a world-renowned orchestra maestro who is a perfectionist in his work. He is not an easy person to work with and is feared by all his players. By chance, he comes across Du Ru-mi, a violinist, and a young cop who has the same name as his and discovers that even without formal training, the young Kang is a music genius. The three soon get tangled in a love triangle as Kang Mae attempts to salvage a local orchestra.
Production.
At the drama's press conference prior to airing, Kim Myung-min, who plays the talented yet difficult maestro Kang, actually conducted Ennio Morricone's "Gabriel's Oboe", and Johannes Brahms' "Hungarian Dances" with a full orchestra in front of reporters and fans who came to the venue. Kang is based on real-life conductor Shin-ik Hahm. 
Several famous musicians made cameo appearances in the drama, including pianist Dong-Hyek Lim and violinist Richard Yongjae O'Neill.
International broadcast.
The series aired in the Philippines on Q Channel 11 beginning April 12, 2010, on Mondays to Fridays at 2:00 p.m. It aired in Japan on Fuji TV beginning February 1, 2011, on Mondays to Fridays, at 2:07-3:57 p.m.

</doc>
<doc id="19617817" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19617817" title="Renier Point">
Renier Point

Renier Point () is a narrow point forming the east extremity of both Burgas Peninsula and Livingston Island in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica. The feature was known to sealers as Point Renier as early as 1821. The name ‘Pin Point’, given by Discovery Investigations personnel on the "Discovery II" in 1935, has been rejected in favor of the original name.

</doc>
<doc id="19617864" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19617864" title="Château de Ranrouët">
Château de Ranrouët

The Château du Ranroët is a castle existing since the 12th century, located in Herbignac in the Loire-Atlantique department of France.
Since 1925, the Château du Ranroët has been listed as a "monument historique" by the French Ministry of Culture.

</doc>
<doc id="19617885" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19617885" title="Merced Manor, San Francisco">
Merced Manor, San Francisco

Merced Manor is a neighborhood in southwestern San Francisco, between Stern Grove and Lake Merced. It is bordered by 19th Avenue to the east, Sloat Boulevard to the north, 26th Avenue to the west and Eucalyptus Drive to the south. Lowell High School is located on Eucalyptus Drive, and the Merced Manor reservoir is on Sloat between 22nd and 23rd Avenues. The Stonestown Galleria shopping mall and San Francisco State University are both on 19th Avenue to the south of Merced Manor.

</doc>
<doc id="19617914" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19617914" title="Williams Point">
Williams Point

Williams Point is the point forming both the north extremity of Varna Peninsula and the northeast tip of Livingston Island in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica. Separated from Zed Islands to the north by Iglika Passage.
The discovery of the South Shetland Islands was first reported in 1819 by William Smith, Master of the brig "Williams" who had sighted the point on 19 February that year. An 1820 publication suggests that Smith gave the name ‘Williams’ to a point of land in this vicinity. In recent years the place name Williams Point has been established in international usage for the point described.
Location.
The point is located at which is 9.47 km north of Miziya Peak in Vidin Heights, 8.8 km east of Desolation Island, 1.5 km south of Zed Islands and 5.5 km west of Duff Point on Greenwich Island. British mapping in 1822, Chilean in 1971, Argentine in 1980, Spanish in 1991, and Bulgarian in 2005 and 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="19617922" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19617922" title="Centaur Records">
Centaur Records

Centaur Records is one of the oldest and largest independent classical labels in America. The company is located in Baton Rouge, Louisiana and was founded by Victor Sachse in 1976. Their recordings are available in major markets throughout the world, and their catalog includes classical, historical, pops, contemporary, crossover, electro-acoustic, and world music.
Centaur Record artists include composer Charles Roland Berry, pianists Antonio Pompa-Baldi and Beatrice Berrut, composer Jack Cooper, composers Wendy Mae Chambers and Marco Katz, cellists Amit Peled, Simca Heled, and Antony Cooke, organist, composer, and conductor composer Haig Mardirosian, Jeffry Hamilton Steele, conductor and composer Yoav Talmi, and violinists Ragin Wenk-Wolf and Miranda Cuckson. Centaur is distributed in major markets worldwide. Centaur has distributors in the U.S., Canada, Great Britain, Germany, France, Italy, Belgium, The Netherlands, Norway, Denmark, The Czech Republic, Japan, China, Taiwan, and South Korea. Centaur recordings are also on all of the major download and streaming sites, as well as on the classical specialty download and stream sites.

</doc>
<doc id="19617999" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19617999" title="Hurd Peninsula">
Hurd Peninsula

Hurd Peninsula lies between South Bay and False Bay on the south coast of Livingston Island in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica. The Spanish Juan Carlos I Antarctic Base and the Bulgarian St. Kliment Ohridski Base are situated on its west coast. 
The peninsula was named by the UK Antarctic Place-Names Committee in 1961 for Captain Thomas Hurd, Royal Navy, the second Hydrographer to the British Admiralty, 1808–23, who instituted a regular system of nautical surveys, and under whose authority Lieutenant Edward Bransfield's 1820 survey of the Bransfield Strait area was published in November 1822.
Location.
The midpoint of the peninsula is located at (Detailed Spanish mapping in 1991, and Bulgarian in 2005 and 2009).

</doc>
<doc id="19618003" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19618003" title="Hillcroft School">
Hillcroft School

Hillcroft School was a boys' secondary school in South London. In 1960, it was established in Tooting Bec, being built on playing fields of, and adjacent to, the premises of Bec School. The initial complement of pupils were drawn from Hillbrook Secondary School in Hillbrook Road, Tooting, and Estreham Secondary School in Penwortham Road, Streatham (housed in the same building as Penwortham Primary School). Hillbrook and Estreham then closed.
The school closed when it was amalgamated with Bec School in 1970 to create Bec-Hillcroft Comprehensive School. Bec-Hillcroft was renamed Ernest Bevin School, after the former Labour minister Ernest Bevin, in the next year. In 1996, the school was renamed to Ernest Bevin College.
History.
Following its establishment, Hillcroft School enjoyed a substantial amount of academic success and supported a large sixth form, especially during the years of 1966 through 1970. A considerable number of boys achieved good O- and A-Level results, with many going on success at University, the Civil Service, and the professions. The school had a substantial prefect system which was considered helpful in advancing pupils' maturity.
The school was organised into four houses, each of about 250 boys: Churchill, Faraday, Shaftesbury, and Wellington. The school enjoyed a certain distinction at sports, with activities including five-a-side football, lacrosse, hockey, and swimming.
The school lacrosse team formed Hillcroft Lacrosse Club in 1971. The club is no longer formally affiliated with the school, but continues to thrive to this day, with their first team playing in the SEMLA premiership.
From 1962–1970, the school was under the headmastership of John Owen, and the Senior Master was Tony Leech.

</doc>
<doc id="19618098" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19618098" title="Federico Marchetti">
Federico Marchetti

Federico Marchetti (; born 7 February 1983 in Bassano del Grappa) is an Italian footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Serie A club Lazio. He has also represented the Italian national team, most notably making three appearances after Gianluigi Buffon's injury at the 2010 FIFA World Cup in South Africa.
Club career.
Torino.
A Torino youth system trainee, Marchetti made his professional debut on loan to Pro Vercelli, being then loaned to a number of other Serie C1 and Serie C2 teams in the following years: he spent the 2003–04 season as second choice keeper with Crotone and later Treviso, without making a single appearance with any of these teams. He started the 2004–05 season as third-choice keeper Torino, making a single appearance in his time with the "granata" as a substitute; he then asked to be transferred in January 2005, after Torino signed another keeper, Gianluca Berti, and he was subsequently loaned to Pro Vercelli for the remainder of the season.
AlbinoLeffe.
In mid-2005, Torino which originally promoted to Serie A, went bankrupt and a new team started again in Serie B as successor, and all of the old Torino player were allowed to leave for free. He was signed by AlbinoLeffe and left for Biellese in co-ownership deal.
On June 2006, he was bought back by Serie B club AlbinoLeffe, initially as reserve to Paolo Acerbis. In his first season with the "celeste", he made 13 appearances, being successively promoted as first choice keeper the following season. 
During the 2007–08 season, his performances proved to be instrumental in AlbinoLeffe's historic first qualification to the promotion playoffs, where his club narrowly missed promotion to Lecce. He subsequently won the Serie B best goalkeeper award, thus raising significant interest from top flight teams.
Cagliari.
In July 2008, Cagliari agreed a loan bid with AlbinoLeffe for the goalkeeper, with Cagliari having an option to buy 50% of players' rights to an agreed price.
In his first season in the Serie A, Marchetti confirmed his performances, firmly ensuring a place in the starting lineup, his performances being praised by several football pundits, being also defined by Gianluigi Buffon as his favourite Italian young goalkeeper. On 1 February 2010, Cagliari bought the remain rights from AlbinoLeffe.
However, he was frozen by the club in 2010–11 season, as his transfer request denied He became the third keeper, behind Michael Agazzi and Ivan Pelizzoli. He was unfrozen on 3 April 2011, winning Genoa as unused bench.
Lazio.
Following the departure of their Uruguay international Fernando Muslera at the end of the 2010–11 season, Marchetti joined Lazio. President Claudio Lotito activated Marchetti's €5.2 million release clause. Marchetti arrived in Rome on 5 July to undertake a medical and sign a five-year contract. He described his move to Lazio as "the end of a nightmare".
Marchetti played a terrific season for Lazio and his presence and command over the defence together with his numerous saves helped Lazio achieve two consecutive Europa League qualifications placing Lazio on 5th and 4th spot respectively in 2010–11 and 2011–12 season campaigns.
Federico Marchetti has continued on with his form early in the 2012–13 season and is proving to be one of the protagonists in Lazio once again. Italian national squad selectors have once again focused their attention onto the former Italian International.
On May 26th 2013 he wins the Coppa Italia with Lazio in a historic derby against Roma, the first ever to assign a trophy, entering into the Pantheon of Lazio's players.
International career.
In May 2009, following his impressive performances with Cagliari, Marchetti received his first call-up to Marcello Lippi's Italian national team for a friendly game versus Northern Ireland. He was featured in the game as a starter, and played the whole match, also keeping a clean sheet in a clear 3–0 win for the "azzurri". Marchetti surprisingly made his World Cup debut in South Africa when he replaced the injured Gianluigi Buffon at half time during Italy's Group F clash with Paraguay. Marchetti kept a clean sheet, as Italy were already 1–0 down at the time of his introduction. In Marchetti's next two matches, he allowed in four goals out of five shots on goal.
Marchetti played only one game under new coach Cesare Prandelli, in the national team, during 2010-2012. In 2013 Marchetti was recalled by Prandelli to represent Italy in a friendly match against Netherlands. Marchetti was also selected in Italy squad to Confederations Cup 2013. Confederations Cup 2013 will be Marchetti's second major tournament with Italy, besides of World Cup 2010. He also was called in the second half of the friendly match, in honour of Pope Francis, between Italy and Argentina played in Rome.

</doc>
<doc id="19618101" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19618101" title="K-Poincaré group">
K-Poincaré group

In physics and mathematics, the κ-Poincaré group, named after Henri Poincaré, is a quantum group, obtained by deformation of the Poincaré group into an Hopf algebra.
It is generated by the elements formula_1 and formula_2 with the usual constraint:
where formula_4 is the Minkowskian metric:
The commutation rules reads:
In the (1 + 1)-dimensional case the commutation rules between formula_1 and formula_2 are particularly simple. The Lorentz generator in this case is:
and the commutation rules reads:
The coproducts are classical, and encode the group composition law:
Also the antipodes and the counits are classical, and represent the group inversion law and the map to the identity:
The κ-Poincaré group is the dual Hopf algebra to the K-Poincaré algebra, and can be interpreted as its “finite” version.

</doc>
<doc id="19618149" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19618149" title="Dortmund University of Applied Sciences and Arts">
Dortmund University of Applied Sciences and Arts

Dortmund University of Applied Sciences and Arts () is a Fachhochschule in Dortmund, North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany with 7,300 students, and 446 staff. It is situated in the Ruhr area, the fourth largest urban area in Europe.

</doc>
<doc id="19618157" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19618157" title="AcetoneISO">
AcetoneISO

AcetoneISO is a free software program to mount and manage image files. Its goals are to be simple, intuitive and stable. Written in Qt 4, this software is meant for all those people looking for a "Daemon Tools for Linux". However, AcetoneISO does not emulate any copy protection while mounting.
AcetoneISO also supports Direct Access Archive (*.daa) images because it uses the non-free and proprietary PowerISO Linux software as a backend while converting images to ISO.
In recent releases (as of 2010), AcetoneISO also gained native support at blanking CD/DVD optical discs and burn ISO/CUE/TOC images to CD-R/RW and DVD-+R/RW (including DL) thanks to external open source tools such as cdrkit, cdrdao and growisofs.
It is free software released under the terms of the GNU General Public License version 3.

</doc>
<doc id="19618161" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19618161" title="Lise Ringheim">
Lise Ringheim

Lise Ringheim (15 May 1928 – 25 September 1994) was a Danish film actress. She appeared in 37 films between 1943 and 1993.
She was born in Frederiksberg, Denmark and died in Denmark.

</doc>
<doc id="19618162" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19618162" title="Hero Bay">
Hero Bay

Hero Bay () is a bay, wide, which indents for the northern side of Livingston Island between Cape Shirreff and Williams Point, in the South Shetland Islands. The name "Blythe Bay", originally applied to a small bay on the southeast side of Desolation Island on George Powell's chart of 1822 published by Richard Holmes Laurie, was erroneously transferred to this bay in the 1930s. This error has now been rectified and a new name approved for the feature here described. Hero Bay is named for the American sloop "Hero", under Captain Nathaniel B. Palmer, which was one of the vessels of the Pendleton sealing fleet from Stonington, Connecticut, which visited the South Shetland Islands in 1820–21.

</doc>
<doc id="19618182" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19618182" title="Tom Day (rugby player)">
Tom Day (rugby player)

Tom Day (1907 - 18 September 1980) was a Wales international rugby union player who played club rugby for Swansea. He was awarded 13 caps for Wales and was part of the Welsh side that won the 1931 Five Nations Championship.
Day first came to notice while playing for the Wales Secondary Schools, moving to Gorseinon after leaving school. In 1928 he moved teams to Swansea, at the same time as Claude Davey. He stayed with Swansea for the entirety of his international career and captained them during the 1933/34 season. On 10 October 1931 he was part of the Swansea team that faced the touring South Africans, and although losing the game, Day had an outstanding game at the front of the pack, closing the game down whenever he could.
International rugby.
Day was first selected for Wales in the 1931 Five Nations tournament and was the only new cap in the Welsh squad. The match ended in a draw, though there was confusion in the match regarding a conversion form England's Don Burland; when at half-time the referee overturned the touch judges decision that he had missed the kick. Day was selected for the next three matches of the championship, with Wales winning all three games and winning the tournament. Day was selected to face the touring South Africans towards the end on 1931, as he had done so for Swansea, and was part of the 1932 Home Nations Championship. He missed the 1933 tournament, which famously included the end of the Twickenham curse, but was back in 1934. His last game was on the losing side against Ireland at Ravenhill on 9 March 1935.
International matches played.
Wales

</doc>
<doc id="19618195" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19618195" title="Krystian Brzozowski">
Krystian Brzozowski

Krystian Brzozowski (born February 20, 1982 in Namysłów) is a male freestyle wrestler from Poland. He participated in Men's freestyle 74 kg at 2008 Summer Olympics. He was eliminated in the 1/16 of final losing with Arsen Gitinov.
Brzozowski participated in Men's freestyle 74 kg at 2004 Summer Olympics as well. He was ranked on 4th place.
He won a bronze medal at 2006 European Wrestling Championships.

</doc>
<doc id="19618202" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19618202" title="Estela Giménez">
Estela Giménez

Estela Giménez Cid (born 29 March 1979 in Madrid, Spain) is a Spanish former rhythmic gymnast who won a gold medal at the 1996 Summer Olympics in the group all-around event. The team was formed by Giménez, Marta Baldó, Nuria Cabanillas, Lorena Guréndez, Estíbaliz Martínez and Tania Lamarca.
She featured on the cover of the "Your Shape" game for Wii endorsing it. She was the host of "Insert Coin" on AXN Spain from 2008 to 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="19618285" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19618285" title="Moon Bay">
Moon Bay

Moon Bay is a bay wide which recedes between Edinburgh Hill and Renier Point, on the east side of Livingston Island, in the South Shetland Islands off Antarctica. The bay was known to sealers in the area as early as 1821. It was recharted in 1935 by Discovery Investigations personnel on the "Discovery II", and probably named by them for nearby Half Moon Island, which lies in the entrance to the bay.

</doc>
<doc id="19618302" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19618302" title="Oregon State Bar">
Oregon State Bar

The Oregon State Bar (OSB) is a government agency in the U.S. state of Oregon. Founded in 1890 as the private Oregon Bar Association, it became a public entity in 1935 that regulates the legal profession. The public corporation is part of the Oregon Judicial Department. Lawyers are required to join the OSB in order to practice law in Oregon.
History.
In 1890, lawyers in Oregon established the Oregon State Bar Association. The group began using national standards pertaining to education and entrance examinations for admittance in 1922, and in 1941 began requiring a law degree. In 1935, the Oregon Legislative Assembly created the Oregon State Bar as a public corporation to regulate, license, discipline, and support those practicing law.
In 1972, the organization joined a multi-state examination and started twice-yearly tests for admittance in 1976. Oregon signed agreements with neighboring Idaho and Washington to allow lawyers who passed the bar exam in any of the states to join the bar associations of any of the three states without taking an additional examination.
Details.
Oregon has an "integrated bar": all attorneys in Oregon are required to join the Oregon State Bar if they desire to practice law in Oregon. Membership fees and program fees from the 16,000 active members fund the entire $8.3 million budget of the agency. OSB has approximately 80 employees and is overseen by a Board of Governors. This 16 person board group along with the 20-member House of Delegates and the Oregon Supreme Court provide governance for the agency’s activities.
OSB also administers a board on attorney discipline and the Board of Bar Examiners. Additionally, the bar makes recommendations for filing mid-term judicial vacancies in the courts of the Oregon Judicial Department. These recommendations are given to the Governor of Oregon who makes the final appointment decision.
Lawyers in private practice are also required to participate in the Oregon Professional Liability Fund, a self-funded insurance program. As of 2006, the program premium was $3,000 per year for $300,000 in coverage. Oregon was the first state to adopt the mandatory insurance scheme for attorneys.
Disciplinary records.
In 1973, the Oregon Legislature passed the Oregon Public Records Law. Oregon Court of Appeals judge Jason Lee filed to run for an open seat on the Oregon Supreme Court in 1975. This led reporter Russell Sadler to request Lee's disciplinary records from the OSB. They refused, even after the Oregon Attorney General ordered the agency to release the files under Oregon's public records disclosure law. Sadler then sued OSB, with a jury finding in the OSB’s favor, but the Oregon Supreme Court overturned the decision and all attorney discipline files became a matter of public record. The state was the first in the nation to provide complete access to all records, including grievances from clients.
Form B resignation.
A Form B resignation is the functional equivalent of being disbarred from a Bar association, and means that the submitting member of the bar resigned while facing disciplinary charges from the bar tribunal. Members of the Oregon State bar who enter a Form B Resignation are not eligible to be readmitted to the bar again. Form B is available only in Oregon, and it allows resignation from the bar even if there are charges pending. 
Oregon is not the only US state where it is possible to resign from a bar even if you have pending charges, although the procedure is different and has different names.

</doc>
<doc id="19618308" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19618308" title="The Whore's Trophy">
The Whore's Trophy

The Whore's Trophy is Symphony in Peril's second and final full-length album, and was released on February 15, 2005. The basis of the album is the Bible’s Book of Revelation, specifically chapter 17. 

</doc>
<doc id="19618319" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19618319" title="Ian Beaurepaire">
Ian Beaurepaire

Ian Francis Beaurepaire is a former Lord Mayor of Melbourne.
Beaurepaire was the son of Australian Olympic swimmer and prominent businessman, Sir Frank Beaurepaire. He was Lord Mayor of Melbourne from 1965 to 1967. He married Beryl Beaurepaire in 1947 and the couple had twin sons.

</doc>
<doc id="19618343" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19618343" title="Per Buckhøj">
Per Buckhøj

Per Buckhøj (10 February 1902 – 21 October 1964) was a Danish film actor. He appeared in 36 films between 1942 and 1958.

</doc>
<doc id="19618358" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19618358" title="Terror of the Zygons (album)">
Terror of the Zygons (album)

Doctor Who: Terror of the Zygons is an album of music by Geoffrey Burgon of his music for the "Doctor Who" serials "Terror of the Zygons" and "The Seeds of Doom". The CD was sourced from the composer's own copies of the score, recorded at a low speed, resulting in lower fidelity.
Track listing.
Terror of the Zygons
The Seeds of Doom

</doc>
<doc id="19618394" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19618394" title="Gerstlauer Euro-Fighter">
Gerstlauer Euro-Fighter

The Gerstlauer Euro-Fighter is a popular roller coaster design built by Gerstlauer. It was launched in 2003 and now has many installations around the world, including a number yet to be completed. The trademark feature of the roller coaster is its 'beyond vertical' drop, which reaches an angle greater than 90 degrees. Although the majority of Euro-Fighters are custom designed for each installation, every design so far has included the trademark drop. A number of different track elements are possible, including vertical loops, diving loops, barrel rolls etc. In addition, every Euro-Fighter has a vertical chain lift hill, often (but not always) preceding the 'beyond vertical' drop and compact Euro-Fighters, such as the 320+ models, always have a cutback inversion.
Riders are transported in individual cars around the track, which feature two rows of four seats. Two exceptions are "Huracan" at the Belantis amusement park in Germany and "Dare Devil Dive" at Six Flags Over Georgia, which both feature cars similar to those used on Gerstlauer's launched roller coasters. The cars have over-the-shoulder restraints and may be themed (to an extent) according to the customer's requirements. Dare Devil Dive's car's are the first to use a new lap-bar only restraint system. 
"Fluch von Novgorod", located at Hansa Park in Germany was the first Euro-Fighter to incorporate both a vertical lift and an LSM launch in the same circuit.

</doc>
<doc id="19618403" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19618403" title="Dion Martinez">
Dion Martinez

Dion M. Martinez (26 June 1837 – 11 March 1928) was a Cuban–American chess master.
He was regarded as one of the strongest chess players in Philadelphia. There he played several matches against James Mason (4 : 5 in 1874 and 3 : 1 in 1875), Wilhelm Steinitz (0 : 7 in November 1882, 2.5 : 4.5 in December 1882, and 1 : 10 in 1883), and Johannes Zukertort (3.5 : 9.5 in 1884).
He took 9th at Philadelphia 1876 (Fourth American Chess Congress, Mason won), and tied for 17-18th at New York 1889 (Sixth American CC, Max Weiss and Mikhail Chigorin won). His pen-portrait (jointly with other participants of the tournament) was published on page 8 of the "New York Times", 16 June 1889, under the heading "The Chessboard Kings".

</doc>
<doc id="19618454" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19618454" title="Glossary of legal terms in technology">
Glossary of legal terms in technology


</doc>
<doc id="19618475" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19618475" title="Einar Juhl">
Einar Juhl

Einar Juhl (8 April 1896 – 1 June 1982) was a Danish film actor. He appeared in 50 films between 1924 and 1974.
He was born and died in Denmark.

</doc>
<doc id="19618497" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19618497" title="ActoGeniX">
ActoGeniX

ActoGeniX is a biopharmaceutical company, based in Ghent, Belgium, focused on the development and commercialization of ActoBiotics™, a novel class of orally available biopharmaceuticals for the targeted treatment of severe diseases with a high medical need. 
ActoBiotics™ represent a novel concept for oral administration of therapeutic proteins. ActoBiotics™ can deliver therapeutic peptides and proteins, including cytokines, enzymes, hormones and monoclonal antibodies.
"AG013", ActoGeniX´s lead ActoBiotic™ for the treatment of oral mucositis in cancer patients has been evaluated in a phase 1B clinical trial in the US, confirming safety and tolerability as well as initial efficacy. Analysis of initial efficacy showed a 35% reduction of the percentage of days with ulcerative oral mucositis in the AG013-treated patients versus the placebo-treated patients. Close to 30% of the patients treated with AG013 were full responders while all placebo-treated patients developed ulcerative oral mucositis. 
In preclinical models, ActoGeniX has confirmed the applicability of ActoBiotics™ for diseases including gastrointestinal, metabolic, immune diseases and allergies.
ActoGeniX was founded in 2006 as a spin-off from "VIB" and "Ghent University". The Company is headquartered in Ghent (Belgium) and employs approximately 20 employees, half of whom are PhD’s, MD’s, or PharmD’s. ActoGeniX raised 35.5 million Euro (approximately 50 million US$) in two equity financing rounds from a consortium of leading life sciences investors such as GIMV, Biotech Fund Flanders, Baekeland Fund, Biovest (Belgium), Life Sciences Partners, Aescap Venture (The Netherlands) and Ventech (France).
ActoGeniX has a broad intellectual property position with a patent estate encompassing more than 20 distinct patent families. 
In April 2012, "Prof. Chantal Mathieu" and her team at the "University Hospital of Leuven" announced a major breakthrough in the treatment of Type 1 diabetes with an ActoBiotic™. The ActoBiotic™ can stably reinstate normal glucose levels in Type 1 diabetic mice. This strategy was without side effects and can now be further developed for human application. The results of the study have been published in the authoritative "Journal of Clinical Investigation".
Indications.
ActoGeniX focuses on areas with unmet need in gastrointestinal, immunological and metabolic diseases:

</doc>
<doc id="19618514" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19618514" title="The Armenian Reporter">
The Armenian Reporter

The Armenian Reporter is an independent weekly published in English in the United States since 1967. It was established by Edward K. Boghosian (1927-2006) in New York City and the first issue appeared on November 2, 1967. Mr. Boghosian sold the newspaper to CS Media, a major Armenian media enterprise, in May 2006. Mr. Boghossian's daughter, Sylva Boghossian, continued as publisher through the end of March 2009.
The editor since October 2006 has been Vincent Lima.
"The Armenian Reporter" appears in two weekly print editions:
The full weekly content for both editions is also available online at no cost.
Coverage is comprehensive, concentrating on news on the Republic of Armenia, the Armenian diaspora especially the Armenian-American community news, U.S. and international politics as they relate to Armenians; Armenia and Nagorno-Karabakh; and Armenians in arts, culture, and entertainment. 
With three U.S. offices in Paramus, N.J., Burbank, Calif., and Washington, D.C., and one in Yerevan, Armenia, and freelancers around the globe, the "Armenian Reporter" is the largest single Armenian news source in English in the world.

</doc>
<doc id="19618515" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19618515" title="VIB">
VIB

VIB may refer to :
Vib may refer to :
VIB may refer to Very Important Bears, a line of bears put out by the North American Bear Company in the 1980s and 90s, each of which was a bear version of an important person like Albert Einstein

</doc>
<doc id="19618525" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19618525" title="Requiem (Cherubini)">
Requiem (Cherubini)

The Requiem in C minor for mixed chorus was written by Luigi Cherubini in 1815 and premiered 21 January 1816 at a commemoration service for Louis XVI of France. Cherubini's setting of the requiem was considered by Beethoven to be superior to Mozart's.
Ludwig van Beethoven listened to Cherubini's operas with the keenest attention (the evidence is there in "Fidelio") and declared that, if ever he should write a Requiem, his model would be Cherubini's C minor setting. 
Movements.
This particular setting of the requiem Mass consists of seven movements:
In 1820 a funeral march and a motet "In Paradisum" were added. In 1834 the work was prohibited by the archbishop of Paris because of its use of women's voices, and in 1836 Cherubini wrote a second Requiem in D minor for men's chorus.
The Requiem is orchestrated for SATB-choir, 2 oboes, 2 clarinets, 2 bassoons, 2 trumpets, 2 horns, 3 trombones, timpani, gong and strings. Note the absence of flutes and SATB-soloists, and the presence of a gong, notably in the 'Dies Irae'-section.
Discography and references.
A notable recording of this requiem has been made under the baton of Arturo Toscanini, with the NBC Symphony Orchestra and Robert Shaw Chorale. Also included in the compilation is the Te Deum from Verdi's Quattro pezzi sacri.

</doc>
<doc id="19618529" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19618529" title="Central Jewish Bureau, Communist Party of Poland">
Central Jewish Bureau, Communist Party of Poland

The Central Jewish Bureau (, CBŻ) was a Jewish autonomous section inside the Communist Party of Poland. The CBŻ was founded shortly after the Kombund had merged into the Communist Party in 1923. The role of the CBŻ was to mobilize support for the Communist Party amongst the Jewish community. However, not all Jewish party members were part of the CBŻ; assimilated Jewish communists were active in the main Polish party organization.

</doc>
<doc id="19618539" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19618539" title="Maria Theodorakis">
Maria Theodorakis

Maria Theodorakis is an Australian actress who has many credits in television, movies and theatre. She is best known for her roles in the television series "CrashBurn" and "Marshall Law". She has also had guest roles in many television series including "Blue Heelers", "Stingers", "Halifax f.p.", "State Coroner" and "Rush".
Theodorakis has also appeared in a number of films including "The Castle", "The Eye of the Storm" and "Walking on Water", her role in which won her the 2002 Australian Film Institute Award for Best Actress in a Leading Role.

</doc>
<doc id="19618567" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19618567" title="TAN-67">
TAN-67

TAN-67 (SB-205,607) is a drug that is used in scientific research as a potent and selective δ-opioid agonist, selective for the δ1 subtype. It has analgesic properties and induces dopamine release in the brain. It also protects both heart and brain tissue from hypoxic tissue damage through multiple mechanisms involving among others an interaction between δ receptors and mitochondrial K(ATP) channels.

</doc>
<doc id="19618631" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19618631" title="Keld Markuslund">
Keld Markuslund

Keld Markuslund (9 July 1921 – 20 October 1972) was a Danish film actor. He appeared in 35 films between 1951 and 1973.
He was born in Holmestrup, Denmark and died in Denmark.

</doc>
<doc id="19618636" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19618636" title="Nazan Bekiroğlu">
Nazan Bekiroğlu

Nazan Bekiroğlu is a Turkish novelist.
Biography.
She was born in Trabzon in 1957. After she had finished her first education in the same city, she graduated from Atatürk University, the faculty of literature, the department of Turkish language and literature (1979). She work as a teacher during four years. She was assigned as an assistant at Karadeniz Technical University, Fatih Education Faculty, Turkish language and literature department (1985). She completed her PhD in analysis of the novels of Halide Edip Adıvar in technical aspects, counseling by Orhan Okay (1987). She started working as a lecturer at the same department. She became assistant professor with the study about Şair Nigar Hanım (1995). Nazan Bekiroğlu, who has work as a lecturer at Turkish department that was opened at the same faculty in 1998, became professor on 4 May 2001. She has lots of article, essay and story which were published various magazines.

</doc>
<doc id="19618647" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19618647" title="Modus (medieval music)">
Modus (medieval music)

In medieval music theory, the Latin term modus (meaning "a measure", "standard of measurement", "quantity", "size", "length", or, rendered in English, mode) can be used in a variety of distinct senses. The most commonly used meaning today relates to the organisation of pitch in scales. Other meanings refer to the notation of rhythms. 
Modal scales.
In describing the tonality of early music, the term "mode" (or "tone") refers to any of eight sets of pitch intervals that may form a musical scale, representing the tonality of a piece and associated with characteristic melodic shapes (psalm tones) in Gregorian chant. Medieval modes (also called Gregorian mode or "church modes") were numbered, either from 1 to 8, or from 1 to 4 ("protus", "deuterus", "tertius", and "tetrardus") in authentic/plagal pairs, and sometimes named after the ancient Greek "tonoi" (with which, however, they are not identical).
Modus (modal notation).
In the medieval theory of rhythmic organisation, a "mode" was understood as a patterned sequence of long and short values. The expressions "rhythmic mode" and "modal rhythm", however, are modern names applied to the medieval concept. Just what relationship may have existed with a metric foot in ancient or medieval poetry or poetic theory is not entirely clear (Roesner 2001). Rhythmic modes were first used by the Notre Dame School according to a classification numbered from 1 to 6 (of which only 1 to 3 were of practical importance.) The patterns are all ternary, and vary in number (depending on the theorists' preferences) from four to nine (Reese 1940, 207). The six most often described, forming the nucleus of the system, are (Apel 1961, 220; Reese 1940, 272):
Rhythmic modes were the basis for the notation technique of "modal notation", the first system in European music to notate musical rhythms and thereby make the notation of complex polyphonic music possible, which was devised around 1200 AD and later superseded by the more complex mensural notation. Modal notation indicated modes by grouping notes together in ligatures—a single written symbol representing two or more notes. A three-note ligature followed by a succession of duple ligatures indicated mode 1; the reverse—a succession of duple ligatures ending with a ternary on—indicated mode 2; a single note followed by a series of ternary ligatures mean mode 3 and the reverse mode 4; uniform ternary ligatures signified mode 5, and a four-note ligature followed by a chain of ternary ligatures meant indicated mode 6 (Apel 1961, 224–25).
Modus (mensural notation).
In the notation system of mensural notation (after c.1300), and in the century or so preceding the invention of that system, the term "modus" was used to describe a part of the overall metric organisation of a piece, comparable not to a modern time signature, but rather to what is sometimes called hypermeter—organization of measures into regular groups of twos or threes. It referred to the division of the note called a "longa" into either three ("modus perfectus") or two ("modus imperfectus") "breves", for which reason it is called "modus longarum". Similar divisions on subsequently lower levels were described by the terms "tempus" (corresponding to the modern concept of a measure or bar and referring to the division of "breves" into two or three "semibreves") and "prolatio" (the division of "semibreves" into two or three "minims"). The "modus longarum" was applied primarily to pieces based on a cantus firmus tenor part in long note values. An even longer temporal unit was the "modus maximarum", but it is of little practical importance outside of the 13th century (Apel 1961, 99, 124).

</doc>
<doc id="19618652" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19618652" title="ESilicon">
ESilicon

eSilicon is a fabless semiconductor company founded in 2000 in San Jose, California. eSilicon designs and manufactures digital CMOS ASICs. In addition, eSilicon designs customizable memory IP and provides multi-project wafer services. eSilicon is considered a pioneer of the fabless ASIC model and is the world's largest independent semiconductor design and manufacturing services provider. Their strength is in developing and delivering complex chips with an average of about 20 chips per year. The company has more than 275 completed designs. 
Locations.
eSilicon's headquarters is in San Jose, California. eSilicon has offices in Allentown, PA; New Providence, NJ; Shanghai, China; Seoul, Korea; Bucharest, Romania; Singapore; and Vietnam (one design center in Ho Chi Minh City and another in Da Nang).
History.
Since its founding in 2000 eSilicon has received a total of $86M in venture capital. In 2002 eSilicon became widely known as the supplier of a key Apple Inc. iPod ASIC through PortalPlayer. 2004 revenues reached $91M largely driven by ASICs for the iPod. In 2006 Apple announced that they were changing their iPod ASIC strategy and eSilicon no longer supplies ASICs for the iPod. Following the loss of the iPod business eSilicon diversified its customer base and announced in May 2008 that they were profitable and shipping ASICs to over 50 customers. In January 2008 eSilicon acquired the assets of Swedish based ethernet networking switch supplier SwitchCore AB and announced that they would seek further acquisitions. Rumors of eSilicon preparing to file for an IPO have circulated on and off since 2003.
Products.
eSilicon provides physical design, design for test insertion, package design, product qualification, IP licensing, and manufacturing services for digital CMOS ASICs. eSilicon has announced products in .25 um, .18 um, .13 um, 90 nm, 65 nm, and 40 nm process technologies. Customer ASICs have been announced in a wide range of applications including digital cameras, portable multimedia players, inkjet printers, networking, and high performance computing. In February 2008 it was announced that eSilicon had licensed Avago Technologies high performance 90 nm and 65 nm SerDes technology for use in eSilicon's customer's designs.
Manufacturing.
As a fabless company eSilicon outsources all semiconductor manufacturing to merchant foundries. Since eSilicon's founding it has had a relationship with TSMC as its primary foundry partner. eSilicon also outsources all package assembly and test.
Milestones.
2000-2003
2004-2007
2008-Current

</doc>
<doc id="19618716" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19618716" title="John Day (Nova Scotia legislator)">
John Day (Nova Scotia legislator)

John Day (before 1755 – November 1775) was a merchant and political figure in Nova Scotia. He represented Newport township from 1765 to 1770 and Halifax town from 1774 to 1775 in the Nova Scotia House of Assembly.
He was the son of Doctor George Day. During the late 1750s, Day was a naval surgeon and merchant. He married Sarah Mercer in 1755. In 1763, he married Henrietta Maria Cottnam after the death of his first wife. He was named a justice of the peace for King's County in 1764. In 1769, he left for Philadelphia where he set up in business as a druggist. He returned to Halifax in 1773, again entering business as a merchant. He resigned his seat in the provincial assembly in April 1775. He was lost at sea later that year while transporting supplies to the garrison at Boston.
His son, who was also named John Day, went on to represent Newport township in the provincial assembly.

</doc>
<doc id="19618718" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19618718" title="Walker Bay (Livingston Island)">
Walker Bay (Livingston Island)

Walker Bay () is a bay lying between John Beach and Hannah Point along the south coast of Livingston Island in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica. Named by the United Kingdom Antarctic Place-Names Committee (UK-APC) in 1958 for John Walker, Master of the sealer "John" who visited the South Shetland Islands in 1820-21 and provided George Powell with descriptions and sketches of their southern coasts for incorporation in his 1822 chart.

</doc>
<doc id="19618779" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19618779" title="Giorgos Toursounidis">
Giorgos Toursounidis

Giorgos Toursounidis (born 21 August 1970) is a retired Greek footballer. He played for PAOK and Xanthi.
Toursounidis was born in 1970. He made 263 league appearances for PAOK, scoring 35 goals, and became a fan favorite due to his work ethic and obsession with the club. His most memorable game for PAOK was an away game against bitter rivals Aris Thessaloniki F.C., with PAOK winning by a score of 4-0. Toursounidis left PAOK in 1999, spending two seasons at Xanthi. He retired soon after.
He was influential in the Greek national side's progression to the 1994 World Cup, but was left out of the finals side as manager Alketas Panagoulias preferred more experienced players. Toursounidis did not play for Greece again.

</doc>
<doc id="19618786" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19618786" title="Randi Michelsen">
Randi Michelsen

Randi Michelsen (20 February 1903 – 12 August 1981) was a Danish film actress. She appeared in 35 films between 1927 and 1974.
She was born in Copenhagen, Denmark and died in Denmark.

</doc>
