<doc id="19770505" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19770505" title="List of Baptist colleges and universities in the United States">
List of Baptist colleges and universities in the United States

This is a list of colleges and universities operated or sponsored by Baptist organizations. The International Association of Baptist Colleges and Universities (IABCU) is one prominent organization representing many of the institutions and is owned and operated by its 51 member schools located in 17 states including 48 colleges and universities, 2 Bible schools, and 1 theological seminary. Institutions associated with or operated by Baptist organizations include:

</doc>
<doc id="19770509" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19770509" title="Star Luster">
Star Luster

Description.
The game's setting takes place in the UGSF universe, shared by other Namco games like "Galaxian", "StarBlade", "Ace Combat 3", "Bounty Hounds", and "New Space Order". The game featured free-roaming open space exploration, a cockpit view where the cockpit controls could be seen (and where the cockpit bobs up and down), bases where the player can be refueled, a map and radar displaying the locations of enemies and bases, a warp ability that allows the player to be warped to anywhere on the map, and a date system keeping track of the current date which can change when warping long distances.
Ports.
An enhanced version of it was later ported to the Sharp X68000. In 1998, the game was also included on a compilation made for the PlayStation known as "Namco Anthology 1" where, like all of the Famicom games presented on the disc, an enhanced arrange mode was provided alongside the unaltered original game. The Famicom version was later included in the Japanese version of Nintendo and Namco's "Star Fox Assault", and was ported to the Wii's Virtual Console in Japan on March 4, 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19770516" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19770516" title="Fairbairn">
Fairbairn

Fairbairn is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="19770525" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19770525" title="Pointe du Mountet">
Pointe du Mountet

The Pointe du Mountet is a mountain of the Swiss Pennine Alps, situated west of Zermatt in Valais. It is located south of the Zinalrothorn. 

</doc>
<doc id="19770529" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19770529" title="Davor Pejčinović">
Davor Pejčinović

Davor Pejčinović (born March 28, 1971) is a retired Croatian basketball player. A 2.11 m center, he participated in the 2000-01 Euroleague with KK Zadar. 
Pejčinović was a member of the Croatian national team that won the bronze medal in the 1995 Eurobasket.

</doc>
<doc id="19770540" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19770540" title="Climate change mitigation scenarios">
Climate change mitigation scenarios

Climate change mitigation scenarios are possible futures in which global warming is reduced by deliberate actions, such as a comprehensive switch to energy sources other than fossil fuels. A typical mitigation scenario is constructed by selecting a long-range target, such as a desired atmospheric concentration of carbon dioxide (CO2), and then fitting the actions to the target, for example by placing a cap on net global and national emissions of greenhouse gases.
An increase of global temperature by more than 2°C has come to be the majority definition of what would constitute intolerably dangerous climate change, but some climate scientists are increasingly of the opinion that the goal should be a complete restoration of the atmosphere's preindustrial condition, on the grounds that too protracted a deviation from those conditions will produce irreversible changes.
Target levels of CO2.
Contributions to climate change, whether they cool or warm the Earth, are often described in terms of the radiative forcing or imbalance they introduce to the planet's energy budget. Now and in the future, anthropogenic carbon dioxide is believed to be the major component of this forcing, and the contribution of other components is often quantified in terms of "parts-per-million CO2-equivalent" (ppm CO2e), or the increment/decrement in carbon dioxide concentrations which would create a radiative forcing of the same magnitude.
At present, non-CO2 contributions to climate change, positive and negative, are believed to roughly cancel out, so that the net radiative forcing being experienced at present, expressed in ppm CO2-e, is more or less the same as the actual current level of carbon dioxide (393 ppm CO2, as of April 2011). To some extent this legitimates the statement of targets just in terms of ppm CO2, as is usually the case. However, the positive and negative non-CO2 will not necessarily balance in future, and so a target stated in terms of CO2e is less ambiguous.
Stabilization wedges.
A stabilization wedge (or simply "wedge") is an action which incrementally reduces projected emissions. (The name derives from the triangular shape of the gap between reduced and unreduced emissions trajectories, when graphed over time.) For example, a reduction in electricity demand due to increased efficiency means that less electricity needs to be generated and thus fewer emissions need to be produced. The term originates in the Stabilization Wedge Game.
350 ppm.
This is the target level advocated in a 2008 paper by climate scientist James E. Hansen and others such as: Rajendra Pachauri, the chairperson of the U.N.'s Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC), the Director of the University of Minnesota's Institute on the Environment, Jonathan Foley
, President of the Pacific Institute Peter H. Gleick, and the Policy Director of the Brookings Institution's Climate and Energy Economics Project Adele C. Morris. This maximum level is advocated by the 350.org campaign, along with other organizations such as the Tällberg Foundation. A strategy proposed is (1) no further oil and gas exploration (so that only already-known reserves will be consumed), (2) the elimination of all uncaptured burning of coal by 2030, and (3) an intensive program of reforestation and negative emissions with technologies such as BECCS, biochar agriculture and/or direct air capture.
A mitigation scenario modeled by Malte Meinshausen "et al." suggests that to stabilize CO2 at 350 ppm, we will need to reduce emissions by slightly more than 5% per year. The amount of CO2 that has been released to date is believed to be too much to be able to be absorbed by conventional sinks such as trees and soil in order to reach low emission targets, which implies that negative emissions with technologies such as BECCS are needed to reach the 350 ppm target.
From an "energy technology and policy perspective", Joe Romm says a 350-ppm target will require eight wedges, each saving 1 gigaton of carbon per year, by 2030, and another ten by 2060.
Nicholas Stern of the Stern Review on the Economics of Climate Change, called the "world’s top climate economist", endorses 350 ppm as “a very sensible long-term target.”
In a 2009 report, Johan Rockström states 350 ppm is one of the planetary boundaries for CO2 in the atmosphere.
Per "We can afford to save the planet" October 23, 2009 Eban Goodstein, Frank Ackerman, Kristen Sheeran of the Economics for Equity and the Environment Network (E3), and Lester R. Brown per "We Only Have Months, Not Years, To Save Civilization From Climate Change", November 2009, are supporters of the 350 upper limit.
Worldchanging's Alex Steffen 350 ppm also supports achieving the 350 ppm goal, such as in "Planetary Boundaries and the New Generation Gap"
Per Will Steger Foundation Policy: "Stabilize CO2 in the atmosphere at 350 ppm".
Barbara Kingsolver, Ed Begley, Bonnie Raitt Campaign to Cap Carbon Pollution at 350 PPM
In her speech "The World's Tipping Point"[http://greenbuilders.ning.com/profiles/blogs/bianca-jagger-speech], Bianca Jagger
states “the safe upper limit for atmospheric is no more than 350 ppm." and quotes the report "The Economics of 350: The Benefits and Costs of Climate Stabilization" by Stephen J. DeCanio, Eban Goodstein, Richard B. Howarth, Richard B. Norgaard and Catherine S. Norman, stressing " the need for immediate, direct intervention".
Scientific American August 2010 ocean acidification article Threatening Oceans from the Inside Out: How Acidification Affects Marine Life Blue Ocean Institute authors Marah J. Hardt and Carl Safina support 350 ppm as the maximum upper limit of carbon dioxide in the atmosphere for marine life health, see page 72 in print.
Less conservative targets.
450 ppm.
The BLUE scenarios in the IEA's Energy Technology Perspectives publication of 2008 describe pathways to a long-range concentration of 450 ppm. Joseph Romm has sketched how to achieve this target through the application of 14 wedges.
"World Energy Outlook 2008", mentioned above, also describes a "450 Policy Scenario", in which extra energy investments to 2030 amount to $9.3 trillion over the Reference Scenario. The scenario also features, after 2020, the participation of major economies such as China and India in a global cap-and-trade scheme initially operating in OECD and European Union countries. Also the less conservative 450 ppm scenario calls for extensive deployment of negative emissions, i.e. the removal of CO2 from the atmosphere. According to the International Energy Agency (IEA) and OECD, "Achieving lower concentration targets (450 ppm) depends significantly on the use of BECCS".
550 ppm.
This is the target advocated (as an upper bound) in the Stern Review. As approximately a doubling of CO2 levels relative to preindustrial times, it implies a temperature increase of about three degrees, according to conventional estimates of climate sensitivity. Pacala and Socolow list 15 "wedges", any 7 of which in combination should suffice to keep CO2 levels below 550 ppm.
The International Energy Agency's World Energy Outlook report for 2008 describes a "Reference Scenario" for the world's energy future "which assumes no new government policies beyond those already adopted by mid-2008", and then a "550 Policy Scenario" in which further policies are adopted, a mixture of "cap-and-trade systems, sectoral agreements and national measures". In the Reference Scenario, between 2006 and 2030 the world invests $26.3 trillion in energy-supply infrastructure; in the 550 Policy Scenario, a further $4.1 trillion is spent in this period, mostly on efficiency increases which deliver fuel cost savings of over $7 trillion.
Other greenhouse gases.
Greenhouse gas concentrations are aggregated in terms of carbon dioxide equivalent. Some multi-gas mitigation scenarios have been modeled by Meinshausen "et al."
As a short-term focus.
In a 2000 paper, Hansen argued that the 0.75° rise in average global temperatures over the last 100 years has been driven mainly by greenhouse gases other than carbon dioxide, since warming due to CO2 had been offset by cooling due to aerosols, implying the viability of a strategy initially based around reducing emissions of non-CO2 greenhouse gases and of black carbon, focusing on CO2 only in the longer run.
This was also argued by Veerabhadran Ramanathan and Jessica Seddon Wallack the September/October 2009 Foreign Affairs

</doc>
<doc id="19770541" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19770541" title="Dimiat">
Dimiat

Dimiat (; also romanized as "Dimyat" or "Dimjat") is a white Bulgarian wine grape. It is one of Bulgaria's most widely planted white grape varieties, second only to Rkatsiteli. Wines made from this variety are noted for their perfume aromas. While some ampelographers believe that the variety is indigenous to Bulgaria, legends have developed around Dimiat being named after a town in the Nile Delta and was brought back to Europe by Crusaders in the Middle Ages.
History.
The exact origins of the Dimiat grape are unknown, with some ampelographers believing the vine to be native to the Bulgaria area. Recent DNA typing has shown it to be a crossing of Gouais Blanc (Weißer Heunisch) with another, unidentified grape variety. Gouais is a parent of several older European grape varieties. One alternative hypothesis, which is highly improbable given the Gouais parentage, is the legendary tale that the grape was native to the Nile Delta valley (where today there is an Egyptian town with a similar name, Damietta) and was brought back to Thrace by Christian Crusaders.
It is likely that the grape crossed with Riesling to produce the pink-skinned Misket Varnenski grape variety.
Wine regions.
The Dimiat grape is almost exclusively grown in Bulgaria with vineyards mostly in the south and eastern parts of the country. It is most widely planted in the Chirpan, Preslav and Shumen regions around the Black Sea. Other Bulgarian wine regions growing some Dimiat include Haskovo and Varna. After Rkatsiteli, it is the second most widely planted white grape variety with over 23,720 acres (9,600 hectares) planted in 2005.
Outside of Bulgaria, there is small plantings of the variety in the neighboring Greek wine region of Thraki (part of what was the historical region of Thrace). Here Dimiat is known under its synonym of "Zoumiatiko."
Viticulture and winemaking.
The Dimiat vine is characterized by the large size of the individual grape berries with the potential for high yields if not kept in check. During "veraison", the berries turn copper yellow. In addition to being used in the production of table wines, Dimiat is often distilled to produce Bulgarian brandy ("rakia").
Wines.
Dimiat wines are usually light bodied and very aromatic. The wines are usually made with some level of sweetness ranging from off-dry to very sweet. In Bulgaria, some dessert wines are made from Dimiat. The wine is often served very chilled and is usually consumed young, without much aging.
Synonyms.
The various synonyms of Dimiat include-Ahorntraube, Beglerdia, Beglezsia, Bekaszaju, Bekaszölö, Belezsi, Belina, Belina krupna, Belogollandskii, Belogollanskii, Bemena, Bois Jaune, Damiat, Damjat, Damjat bial, Debela lipovina, Dertonia, Dertonija, Dertonilia, Dimiate, Dimjat, Drobna Lipovscina, Dymiat, Fehér Szemendriai, Galan, Koplik, Krupna belina, Laschka, Laska belina, Mana Kuki, Misket de Silven, Misket Slivenski, Nagyvögü, Pamid, Pamit, Parmac, Plovdina, Plovdina esküska, Plovdina eskulska, Saricibuk, Plovdiska, Podbelec, Podbeuz, Radoviska plovdina, Roscara, Rosiora, Saratchobok, Saridzibuk, Semendra, Semendria, Semendru, Senederevka, Smederevka, Smederevka bianca, Smederevka bijela, Smederevka white, Szemendriai féher, Szemendriai Zöld, Szemendrianer, Tök szöllö, Töksölö, Tökszölö, Töröklugas, Wippacher, Wippacher ahornblättrig, Yapalaki, Zarja, Zmedervka, Zoumiatico, Zoumiatis, Zumjat, Zumjatiko and Zumyat.

</doc>
<doc id="19770548" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19770548" title="Sounds of the Season">
Sounds of the Season

Sounds of the Season may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19770552" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19770552" title="James L. Holloway, Jr.">
James L. Holloway, Jr.

James Lemuel Holloway, Jr. (June 20, 1898 – January 11, 1984) was a four-star admiral in the United States Navy who served as superintendent of the United States Naval Academy from 1947–1950; as chief of naval personnel from 1953–1957; and as commander in chief of all United States naval forces in the eastern Atlantic and Mediterranean from 1957–1959, in which capacity he commanded the 1958 American intervention in Lebanon. As founder of the Holloway Plan, he was responsible for creating the modern Naval Reserve Officer Training Corps.
He was the father of four-star admiral and chief of naval operations James L. Holloway III. As of 2009, they are the only father and son to both serve as four-star admirals in the United States Navy while on active duty, as opposed to being promoted to that rank posthumously or at retirement.
Early career.
He was born in Fort Smith, Arkansas to future centenarian James Lemuel Holloway Sr. and the former Mary George Leaming. In 1904, his family moved to Dallas, Texas, where he was a varsity football tackle and a member of the debate team at Oak Cliff High School, from which he graduated in 1915. Unable to secure an appointment to the United States Military Academy at West Point, New York, his original ambition, he instead passed the entrance examinations for the United States Naval Academy at Annapolis, Maryland and entered the Naval Academy as a midshipman in 1915. He graduated in June 1918 near the bottom of the accelerated class of 1919, ranked 149th out of 199, and later claimed that he had avoided flunking out of the Academy only because his class graduated early due to World War I. "I knew I would have bilged in mechanics."
World War I.
Commissioned ensign on June 7, 1918, he was assigned to the destroyer , operating out of Brest, France as part of the destroyer force tasked with anti-submarine patrols against German U-boats in European waters. He made a poor impression almost immediately. "They never told me about the lack of space on destroyers. My baggage filled the whole wardroom. I was a very unpopular young officer for that." Nevertheless, he was promoted to lieutenant (junior grade) in September.
In January 1919, he was assigned to the battleship , a tour that included duty as aide and flag lieutenant to Rear Admiral Frederick B. Bassett, Jr. As the admiral's aide, Holloway visited Brazil, Argentina, and Uruguay when "Florida" carried Secretary of State Bainbridge Colby and his party on a diplomatic cruise to South American and Caribbean ports in 1920.
Inter-war period.
In August 1921, Holloway was assigned to destroyer duty, briefly commanding the destroyer before serving as executive officer of the destroyer until June 1922, when he was promoted to full lieutenant and assigned as executive officer of the destroyer for two years of sea duty in the Far East with the Asiatic Fleet. Upon his return to the U.S. in July 1924, he served as an instructor at the Naval Academy in the Department of Ordnance and Gunnery from August 1924-June 1926, under successive superintendents Henry B. Wilson and Louis M. Nulton.
In 1926, he began a two-year tour aboard the battleship , over the course of which he received several departmental commendations for "contribution to gunnery efficiency" and had under his command the highest scoring gun turret in the Navy, which set a record in target practice that remained unbroken for several years.
From August 1928-June 1930, Holloway was aide and flag lieutenant on the staff of Rear Admiral Harris Laning, chief of staff of the Battle Fleet and subsequently Commander Battleship Division Two. He remained Laning's aide for the first two years of the admiral's next assignment as President of the Naval War College in Newport, Rhode Island, then had duty as assistant gunnery officer aboard the battleship from June 1932-May 1933. In May 1933, he was again assigned as aide and flag lieutenant to now-Vice Admiral Laning, Commander Cruisers Scouting Force. He was promoted to lieutenant commander in June.
In June 1934, he began a year in command of the destroyer , flagship of Commander, Destroyer Squadron Three in the Pacific Fleet. "I made a beauty out of the "Hopkins". I brought her up in appearance and gunnery. A friend of mine, the first lieutenant of the , helped me. This boy gave me an extra 200 gallons of paint every month. I made her look like a yacht."
He was transferred to the Navy Department in June 1935 for three years of duty with the Gunnery Section of the Fleet Training Division, then was navigator of the battleship from 1938 until July 1939, when he assumed command of the cargo ship and was promoted to the rank of full commander.
World War II.
In September 1939, he became chief of staff to Rear Admiral Hayne Ellis, commander of the Atlantic Squadron, in which capacity Holloway directed the expansion and deployment of the Atlantic Squadron for Neutrality Patrol operations after the outbreak of World War II in Europe.
In October 1940, he was assigned as officer in charge of the gunnery section of the Fleet Training Office in the office of the chief of naval operations, where he was serving at the time of the Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor. "We were busy as bird-dogs in those weeks following the attack. It's hard to describe just how much the workload moved up. We stopped all routine computation of training and competitive exercises that Fleet Training had been responsible for, and we went into expediting production and perfecting the performance of weapons."
In the weeks following the attack, Holloway was one of three duty officers selected to stand the night watch at the Navy Department, alternating four-hour shifts with Captain Cato B. Glover Jr. and Commander Forrest P. Sherman. "One night, we got a report that there was a dirigible off New York. I put out an emergency on the whole East Coast." The supposed enemy airship turned out to be an off-course American blimp, but Holloway's superiors approved his decision anyway. "After what had happened at Pearl Harbor, we went to general quarters in case of doubt."
Operation Torch.
He had applied for immediate sea duty after the Pearl Harbor attack and on 20 May 1942, he assumed command of Destroyer Squadron Ten (Desron 10), a newly built and newly commissioned member of the Atlantic Fleet. Promoted to captain in June, in November he led Desron 10 in screening the landings at Casablanca during the opening stages of Operation Torch, the Allied invasion of North Africa. As one of three principal destroyer commanders in this operation, he received a Navy Commendation Ribbon with the following citation: "Holloway prevented the many enemy submarines in the area from delivering effective torpedo fire and, by his aggressive fighting spirit and courageous leadership, contributed materially to the winning of a decisive victory over the enemy."
DD-DE Shakedown Task Force.
Having gained a reputation for "unusual capacity for imparting enthusiasm as well as for organization", he was relieved of the command of Desron 10 on 8 April 1943, to lead the new Destroyer and Destroyer Escort (DD-DE) Shakedown Task Force that was being organized at Bermuda to systematically work up newly built destroyers and destroyer escorts before they joined the Atlantic Fleet.
Arriving at Bermuda on 13 April aboard the destroyer tender , Holloway quickly established an efficient arena for drilling untrained crews in operations at sea. When newly commissioned ships arrived at Bermuda, their officers and men debarked for training aboard "Hamul" and ashore while their vessels underwent inspection and repair by task force staff. Ships then returned to sea to practice tactics and the use of their equipment, in daylight and in darkness, against towed surface targets and "tame" submarines. Task force staff handled all repairs and logistics, freeing commanding officers to focus solely on training their crews.
At first, Holloway's training program only covered destroyer escorts and a few gunboats, but his "Bermuda college" was so successful that it was expanded in September to encompass all newly built destroyers, and would eventually be extended to Canadian and British vessels as well. By the time of his relief on 14 November, 99 destroyer escorts and 20 destroyers had already graduated from the program and 25 other ships were being trained. The shakedown period had been reduced from six to eight weeks of haphazard preparation to only four weeks for destroyer escorts and five weeks for destroyers, with vastly superior quality of training. For this success, Holloway was awarded the Legion of Merit, whose citation commended his having "built up an efficient organization, turning over to the Fleet competent seagoing vessels and thoroughly indoctrinated personnel. His conspicuous success in fulfilling this important assignment and his skill in collaboration with other commands have contributed vitally to the effective prosecution of the war."
Bureau of Naval Personnel.
He became director of training at the Bureau of Naval Personnel in Washington, D.C. on November 15, 1943, where he earned a second Commendation Ribbon for having "integrated the various programs into one efficient organization with the bureau the center of all policies and procedures. His able directorship and foresight contributed greatly to the successful expansion of the naval training program during this crucial year of war." Holloway's sheer efficiency in this role worked against him when his request for sea duty was rejected by Secretary of the Navy James V. Forrestal, who ruled that Holloway should continue in the training job, "where you are hitting your peak." Forrestal finally relented in late 1944 and released Holloway for duty in the Pacific theater.
USS "Iowa".
Holloway assumed command of the battleship , flagship of Battleship Division 7, in November 1944. Under his command, "Iowa" took part in attacks on Luzon later that month, shooting down many enemy aircraft, and participated in strikes on the Japanese homeland from March–July 1945. For commanding "Iowa" during these operations, he received a Gold Star in lieu of a second Legion of Merit, with the following citation: "With his vessel operating as flagship of several important striking and covering forces...Holloway rendered distinguished service throughout the intensive actions and, by his brilliant leadership and outstanding skill, contributed materially to the extensive and costly damage inflicted on the enemy."
Holloway operated his battleship with characteristic flair, recalled Rear Admiral Ralph Kirk James, who had been the maintenance officer responsible for repair work on damaged ships at Manus when "Iowa" arrived at that base to fix shafting problems on 25 December 1944. "Jimmy Holloway was charging up the harbor with this big battleship, the biggest I'd seen, and I was getting more and more nervous." Alarmed, James warned Holloway to reduce his speed before entering the drydock. "'Oh no,' said...He got the ship just about halfway into the dry dock when he ordered full speed astern. The "Iowa" shook like a damned destroyer and stopped just where she was supposed to be." Unfortunately, the backwash from the engine reversal swept away the drydock support blocks from underneath the ship, and James and his crew had to spend an extra three hours resetting the blocks before "Iowa" could dock. Afterward, James discovered a grey streak in his hair. "I can tell you the moment it was born: when Holloway pulled his high-speed throttle-jockey stunt on me."
Despite being captain of the premier surface vessel in the U.S. Navy, Holloway recognized that naval aviation had become dominant. Soon after assuming command of "Iowa", he wrote an urgent letter to his son, Lieutenant James L. Holloway III, who was following in his father's footsteps as a junior officer on a destroyer, to advise the young lieutenant to abandon his promising career in the surface Navy to become a naval aviator as soon as possible. "The war in the Pacific is being won by the carriers. The future of the U.S. Navy lies in naval aviation." Lieutenant Holloway promptly applied for flight training and went on to captain the nuclear aircraft carrier , the premier aviation vessel of its era.
Demobilization.
Promoted to rear admiral, Holloway reported as Commander, Fleet Training Command, Pacific Fleet on 8 August 1945. He was detached from that command less than two months later, on 26 September, to take charge of the Navy's troubled postwar demobilization.
Rear Admiral William M. Fechteler, assistant chief of naval personnel, informed Holloway that demobilization in the Pacific was "completely chaotic," and ordered Holloway to take charge of the effort with the hastily created title of assistant chief of naval personnel for demobilization. Holloway immediately conducted a quick inspection tour of West Coast demobilization centers and concluded that the biggest problem was understaffing at the receiving facilities, which lacked the personnel to process the paperwork for the flood of returning servicemen. To alleviate this bottleneck, Holloway augmented the demobilization center staffs with yeomen, disbursing clerks, and anyone else who could read a form. However, after the Pacific returnees had been processed and discharged, they still had to be transported overland from their West Coast debarkation ports to their homes, the vast majority of which were located east of the Rocky Mountains. Holloway deputized subordinate Howard "Red" Yeager as director of rail transportation for the Navy, and Yeager worked with the Association of American Railroads to assemble the necessary rolling stock from scratch. "I think they reached as low as the Toonerville trolley," Holloway recalled.
Under Holloway's immediate direction, the task of demobilizing over three million men was completed by September 1, 1946. He won a Letter of Commendation for his skill as administrator and was officially praised for his skillful direction and supervision of the Navy's personnel demobilization plan.
He resisted pressure from various dignitaries to speed the homecoming of favored constituents. When a member of the United States Senate brought in a friend to ask a favor, Holloway appealed to the senator's better nature: "I look to you, Senator, to help me maintain my probity." Said Holloway later, "No Congressman ever failed to react to such a plea."
Holloway Plan.
While directing the Navy's demobilization, Holloway also chaired an influential board that laid the foundation for the postwar Naval Reserve Officer Training Corps (NROTC). Named for its chairman, the Holloway Board was charged with "the development of the proper form, system, and method of education of officers in the postwar United States Navy." Its members included Williams College president James P. Baxter III, Illinois Institute of Technology president Henry T. Heald, Cornell University provost Arthur S. Adams, Rear Admiral Felix L. Johnson, Rear Admiral Stuart H. Ingersoll, Captain Charles D. Wheelock, Captain John P. W. Vest, Commander Charles K. Duncan, and Commander Douglas M. Swift. The report of the Holloway Board became known as the Holloway Plan, and it dramatically expanded the avenues by which officer candidates could enter the regular Navy.
Described as one of the most attractive educational opportunities ever offered, the Holloway Plan broke the Naval Academy's monopoly as a source for naval officers by offering students at fifty-two colleges and universities the same opportunities for a commission in the regular Navy and free education at government expense that were provided to Naval Academy midshipmen, without requiring a hard-to-obtain Congressional appointment. In return for a three-year service commitment, the federal government paid for officer candidates to obtain undergraduate degrees at accredited institutions, commissioning them upon graduation into the Naval Reserve. Unlike previous reservists, NROTC graduates could transfer their commissions into the regular Navy, allowing them to compete on the same basis as Naval Academy graduates. NROTC was intended to provide about half of the Navy's new officers every year, with the other half coming from the Naval Academy. There were two main tracks: the standard four-year course for line officers, and a seven-year Naval Aviation College Program (NACP) for naval aviators.
Submitted to Congress for approval, the Holloway Plan spent the summer of 1946 stagnating as draft legislation in the House Naval Affairs Committee. Finally, with only two months before colleges were scheduled to begin their autumn classes, Holloway made a pilgrimage to the Georgia farm of committee chairman Carl Vinson, and the bill was placed on the House Calendar the following week. It passed by unanimous vote and was signed into law by President Harry S. Truman on August 13, 1946.
During its early years, critics complained that the Holloway Plan was a waste of taxpayer money because many reservists enrolled in the program only for the free college education, and quit the Navy after serving the minimum three-year commitment. Holloway himself anticipated that NROTC graduates would be less committed to a naval career than Naval Academy graduates, given that "The Naval Academy is an undergraduate institution which no man should enter unless he wishes to make the Navy a life career." He was convinced that Annapolis remained the surer but tougher path to a successful Navy career, but argued that the Navy should not risk "putting all our eggs in one basket insofar as methods of initial procurement are concerned." Annapolis loyalists objected that if NROTC graduates were given the same career opportunities and chances for promotion as Naval Academy graduates, there would be no advantage to attending the Naval Academy and the quality of its midshipmen would plummet because the better officer candidates could opt for an easy commission at a civilian university that lacked the rigor of Naval Academy discipline. A popular Annapolis chant went: "Keep your car, keep your gal, keep your pay—be an officer the 'Holloway'!" Officers in the fleet quipped: "Did you get your commission the hard way or the Holloway?"
Nevertheless, the Holloway Plan quickly became a popular and effective program, and within five years its major features had been copied by the Army and the Air Force. Early Holloway Plan alumni included future astronaut Neil A. Armstrong and future four-star admiral George E.R. Kinnear II.
Forty years later, Holloway's son was responsible for interviewing the eminent lawyers, businessmen, and government officials who applied for membership in the exclusive Metropolitan Club of the City of Washington between 1988 and 1992. "I was truly amazed at the number of these prospective members who asked if I were any relation to the admiral who founded the Holloway Plan," recalled the younger Holloway, by then a famous admiral in his own right. "When I answered yes, they would tell me that they wouldn't be sitting there today if it weren't for the Holloway Plan...It had put them through college—schools like Princeton, Duke University, Caltech, and Stanford. After the Korean War and Vietnam, the opportunities were so great on the outside that many of them left the service and became quite successful in their civilian careers."
Superintendent of the U.S. Naval Academy.
On January 15, 1947, Holloway became the 35th superintendent of the United States Naval Academy, succeeding Vice Admiral Aubrey W. Fitch. At 48, Holloway was the youngest superintendent in fifty years, having been handpicked by Secretary of the Navy Forrestal to implement the academic changes suggested by the Holloway Board, which had recommended that the Naval Academy curriculum move away from rote recitation and continuous crams "to give a stronger emphasis to basic and general education, rendering more fundamental and less detailed the instruction in strictly naval material and techniques."
In his first year as superintendent, Holloway revised the curriculum to promote a balanced program of mutually supporting courses, including a newly expanded leadership course on human relations problems, for which half of the textbook was written by psychology experts from Johns Hopkins University and the other half by Holloway himself. He also procured modern equipment for the ordnance, gunnery, and marine engineering departments and instituted annual faculty symposia to "explore and confirm methods employed in both education and training." Midshipmen were thoroughly indoctrinated "in all aspects of naval aviation" as a graduation requirement.
To compensate for the increased academic expectations, Holloway loosened the regulations restricting midshipman activities, allowing first classmen to own cars, go on leave every other weekend, store civilian clothing in dormitory rooms, and stay up until 11:00 PM every night. Many of these liberties were later revoked by Holloway's successor, Vice Admiral Harry W. Hill. The first class was also delegated greater responsibility for student governance, and attempted to purge "flagrant violations of mature personal dignity" from midshipman hazing rituals, with mixed success.
Despite his energetic reforms and personal popularity among the midshipmen, Holloway's three-year tour as superintendent ultimately was too brief to reverse the Naval Academy's entrenched cultural bias against academic achievement. A more durable legacy was the series of yawl races Holloway initiated to promote seamanship and competitive sailing, dubbed the Holloway trophy races after the award for the winning midshipman skipper. Holloway also addressed the dismal living conditions of the enlisted men based at the Academy by upgrading their quarters from trailer parks to a village of Wherry housing units on the north shore of the Severn River. He declared that a midshipman's first lesson must be concern for enlisted men's welfare and that Annapolis of all places must set the example.
Educational unification.
Throughout his career, Holloway vigorously defended the Naval Academy's special role as the preeminent source of naval officers in the U.S.
As chairman of the Holloway Board, he helped fend off proposals to downgrade the importance of Annapolis by converting the Academy into a two-year postgraduate school for students who had already completed at least three years of college, a plan that would double the number of officers that could be produced by halving the time spent at the Academy. The Holloway Board also rejected another proposal, popular among local politicians, to expand enrollment by establishing satellite Naval Academies in other coastal cities. "It was deemed wiser that the Naval Academy at Annapolis, with its history and traditions, be the single institution representing...the ultimate in personal and professional standards, and a principal binding force...in the Navy as a whole."
In January 1949, less than two weeks after becoming Academy superintendent, Holloway rebuffed a proposal by Army Chief of Staff Dwight D. Eisenhower to essentially unify the Naval Academy with the United States Military Academy at West Point. Eisenhower believed the curricula of West Point and Annapolis should be as close to identical as possible and proposed a full-scale exchange program in which West Point cadets and Annapolis midshipmen would each spend their third year at the other service's academy. Holloway's bluntly phrased rejection drove a furious Eisenhower to complain to Chief of Naval Operations Chester W. Nimitz that Holloway considered his idea "the ultimate in ridiculousness."
In March 1949, Holloway was the junior member of the Stearns-Eisenhower Board, convened to consider the topic of educational unification among the services. Chaired by University of Colorado president Robert Stearns, the board was initially inclined to recommend that officer candidates from all services study the same core academic curriculum at a single unified academy, as favored by the new Secretary of Defense, Louis Johnson, with Annapolis and West Point being reduced to specialized training campuses. To everyone's surprise, Holloway persuaded the other members to adopt the diametrically opposite recommendation that the existing service academy system be not only preserved but expanded by adding a new service academy for the Air Force.
In 1954, Holloway's loyalty to the Naval Academy landed him in professional trouble for the only time in his career. Testifying before a congressional committee in favor of the proposed creation of the United States Air Force Academy, Holloway declared that he was sick and tired of sending Naval Academy graduates to the Air Force and admitted that he did everything possible to prevent such "desertions." Called to account by an infuriated Deputy Secretary of Defense Roger M. Kyes, Holloway stood by his words. "What's wrong with that?" he demanded. "We don't want our boys going to the Air Force. We teach them things we don't want used against us later."
Chief of Naval Personnel.
After completing his tour as superintendent in 1950, Holloway served 30 months as Commander, Battleship-Cruiser Force, Atlantic (COMBATCRULANT) before being promoted to vice admiral on February 2, 1953, and appointed chief of the Bureau of Naval Personnel (BuPers). He served as chief of naval personnel from 1953–1957, longer than any other BuPers chief in 75 years. Charged by statute with the selection and assignment of all naval personnel, his hiring philosophy was, "We should get the best people we can for these jobs and make them play over their heads."
As chief of naval personnel, Holloway managed a variety of personnel issues arising from the end of the Korean War, such as promotions for returned prisoners of war and improvement of housing facilities, as well as the desegregation of the Navy. He abolished the policy of separate recruitment of black and white sailors that had tended to channel white recruits into mainstream branches but relegate black recruits to menial commissary and steward functions.
"Keeps a taut ship," remarked contemporaries at the Pentagon, but also "keeps a tight lip," despite a reputation for florid speech and unusually lengthy prepared statements before Congressional committees. For example, when asked by a House Appropriations subcommittee whether it was Navy policy to promote personnel on discharge even if they had been discharged because of Communist affiliations, a charge Senator Joseph R. McCarthy had leveled against the Army, Holloway replied, "It is not. I am not saying that in criticism of anyone else...Sometimes, in the best of families, the right hand does not know what the left hand doeth. But it is certainly not the policy in the Navy, and it is one we abjure."
Hyman G. Rickover.
Holloway was an early ally of Rear Admiral Hyman G. Rickover, the controversial father of the Navy's nuclear propulsion program. To induce promising line officers to submit to the rigors of nuclear training, Rickover insisted that only nuclear-qualified officers be allowed to command a nuclear vessel. Holloway agreed with Rickover's concept, and allowed Rickover to screen the candidate pool from which BuPers would select officers for nuclear training. Rickover retained this absolute control over nuclear candidate selection until his retirement in 1982.
In June 1953, Rickover faced mandatory retirement after being passed over by the rear admiral selection board, and Holloway was one of the few flag officers to push for his promotion.
Well, they passed him over, and there was a hell of a roar on the Hill. I talked to Henry Jackson, whom I know very well, and he said, "Admiral, I know he's probably obnoxious to a lot of people, but that fellow's got a following." And I said, "I...agree with you." So I went to Bob Anderson, the Secretary of the Navy, and I said, "There is machinery in the law which is very strict about the promotion and the Secretary can't dictate, but there is a way that you can write in a precept a certain qualification that you want, and we can write it so strongly that they can't accept anybody but Rickover." So I wrote a precept for a board of 6 line [officers and 3 EDOs and...tied it up so that the qualification was such that only Rickover could qualify.
Rickover was promoted to rear admiral by the next selection board in July. "This is the end of the selection system," mourned one of Holloway's friends. "No, it isn't," Holloway replied. "It isn't the end...because we've used a law to promote him...to make the will of the Secretary felt. When we're too hidebound and reactionary, there's room in the law for the Secretary to get his way. If you don't do that, you'd have a special law in Congress which would "really" be the end of the selection system."
Commander in Chief, U.S. Naval Forces, Eastern Atlantic and Mediterranean.
On October 26, 1957, President Dwight D. Eisenhower named Holloway to succeed Admiral Walter F. Boone as Commander in Chief, U.S. Naval Forces, Eastern Atlantic and Mediterranean (CINCNELM), Holloway assumed command in November 1957, and was promoted to full admiral on January 1, 1958. with additional duty as Commander, Subordinate Command U.S. Atlantic Fleet (COMSCOMLANTFLT), and later as U.S. Commander Eastern Atlantic (USCOMEASTLANT). As CINCNELM, Holloway commanded all U.S. naval forces in Europe, including the Sixth Fleet commanded by Vice Admiral Charles R. Brown.
In November 1957, the Joint Chiefs of Staff instructed Holloway to establish a specified command, the first in Eisenhower's defense reorganization program. In the event of an emergency in the Middle East, he was to transfer his flag from London to the Mediterranean as Commander in Chief, Specified Command, Middle East (CINCSPECOMME).
Lebanon crisis of 1958.
On July 14, 1958, the Hashemite dynasty in Iraq was overthrown by a military coup d'état. Fearing that he would be next, Lebanese president Camille Chamoun appealed for American military aid within 48 hours to settle domestic unrest in his own country, invoking the Eisenhower Doctrine, which stated that the United States would intervene upon request to stabilize countries threatened by international communism. Holloway, who happened to be serving on a Selection Board in Washington at the time, promptly met with Chief of Naval Operations Arleigh A. Burke, who warned that a deployment order was imminent but that commitments in East Asia precluded any reinforcements from the Seventh Fleet. Retorted Holloway, "I don't need any help. I can take over all of the Lebanon if you say the word." As one of Burke's few remaining peers in the Navy, Holloway took the opportunity to tease the CNO. "But I've already had another proposition...From some Britisher. He thinks, if there's action, I should go up and take the port of Tripoli to protect their oil installations there." The famously mercurial Burke cursed him out.
At 6:23 p.m. on July 14, President Eisenhower ordered that the American intervention force begin to arrive at Beirut by 9:00 a.m. on July 15, when he planned to announce the intervention on national television. Burke relayed the order to Holloway at 6:30 p.m., adding, "Join your flagship now. Sail all Sixth Fleet eastward." Holloway had been given less than fifteen hours to establish a beachhead. He immediately flew back to his London headquarters, where he stopped just long enough to assemble his staff and activate Operation Bluebat, a preplanned scenario for suppressing a coup d'état in Lebanon, before flying on to Beirut.
On July 15, only four minutes behind schedule, the first wave of Marines landed on a tourist beach near Beirut. In one of the most colorful episodes in Marine Corps history, a delighted crowd of curious spectators and bikini-clad sunbathers waved and cheered as a battalion of Marines waded ashore in full battle gear and stormed the beach. Soft drink vendors and ice cream carts appeared playing nickelodeon music while small boys swam out to the landing craft and offered to help the Marines carry their equipment. After herding the civilians out of the way, the Marines secured the landing site and seized Beirut International Airport. Holloway flew into the airport from London at 4:00 a.m. on July 16 and boarded his flagship in time to supervise the next wave of landings, which he summarized for Burke in one word: "Flawless."
At 10:30 a.m. on July 16, as the Marines prepared to move into Beirut, it was discovered that Lebanese Army tanks had blocked the road from the airport, with orders to prevent the Marines from entering the city. Holloway raced to the scene, arriving at the roadblock at the same time as the American ambassador to Lebanon, Robert M. McClintock, and the general in chief of the Lebanese Army, General Fuad Chehab. Adjourning to a nearby schoolhouse for an impromptu conference, they devised a compromise whereby the Lebanese Army would escort the Marines into the city. Holloway insisted that they start moving right away, "tootey-sweetey".
This done, Marine battalion moved out once more, but this time with Lebanese jeeps at intervals in the American column, the whole being led by two official cars containing the American ambassador to Lebanon, the general in chief of the Lebanese Army, the American task force commander, the commander of the Fast Carrier Strike Force, and the commander of the Marine task force. It was one of the more unusual politico-military processions in American history, and its progress marked the passing of the crisis of the American intervention in Lebanon.
"We were really sitting on a powder keg," Holloway said later, "but fortunately there were no incidents. We just got in a car—Ambassador McClintock and I—and led the column straight through." Once the column entered the city, Chehab departed and Holloway "assumed personal tactical command," directing individual units to their respective billeting areas in the city—"my first and last experience in field officer grade with land forces."
On July 17, Deputy Under Secretary of State Robert D. Murphy arrived in Beirut as President Eisenhower's personal representative, charged with resolving the political situation. Conferring daily with Holloway, Murphy quickly concluded that the decision to intervene had been based on faulty assumptions. "We agreed that much of the conflict concerned personalities and rivalries of a domestic nature, with no relation to international issues." In particular, Holloway and Murphy felt that the insurrection had nothing to do with international communism and that Chamoun's presidency was doomed for purely domestic reasons. Murphy decided that the only solution was to elect a new president who would ask that the American forces be removed as soon as possible. He brokered a deal between the dissident factions to allow a new presidential election, which General Chehab won on July 31.
With the Lebanese government nominally stabilized, Holloway was directed on August 5 to begin planning a withdrawal schedule, which he submitted for approval on August 11. The first Marine battalion began reembarking immediately. United Nations diplomat Rajeshwar Dayal observed the Marines' departure, "a process which seemed more difficult of accomplishment than the landing. It was evident that the gallant Admiral Holloway, sceptical from the start about the wisdom of the whole exercise, felt an infinite sense of relief at the prospect of an early departure." President Chehab took office on September 23 and a unity government was formed on October 23. The last American troops left Lebanon two days later.
In the end, Operation Bluebat sent nearly 15,000 American troops to Lebanon from commands in Europe and the continental United States, including 6,100 Marines and 3,100 Army airborne troops armed with nuclear artillery; the 76 ships of the Sixth Fleet; and a 200-plane Composite Air Task Force based out of Incirlik Air Base, Turkey. The intervention forces remained in Lebanon for 102 days, at a cost of over $200 million, acting as an urban security force and losing only one American soldier to hostile fire.
Holloway professed satisfaction with the near-perfect outcome. "The proof of the pudding is in the eating. The operation would appear to stand as an unqualified success." Nevertheless, Operation Bluebat came to be viewed as a case study in how not to plan an operation. According to one history, "Virtually every official report opens with the caveat that had Operation Bluebat been opposed, disasters would have occurred, and argues that problems encountered during the operation's course could have been solved well before the order to execute was given."
Holloway inadvertently created one of these problems himself when he ordered Major General David W. Gray to establish an Army base in a large olive grove just east of the airport. Said Gray, "I asked, 'Isn't that private property? Whom should I see about it?' I shall never forget [Holloway's] answer. Waving his arms in characteristic fashion, he replied, 'Matter of military necessity. Send the bills to the Ambassador.' Of course, it didn't work out exactly that way..." It turned out that the olive grove was the largest in Lebanon and vital to the local economy, but the Lebanese women who harvested the olives refused to enter the grove while American troops were present, risking the loss of the entire crop and severe unemployment. Holloway wryly observed that when his forces finally departed, they left behind a constitutionally elected president, a united army, peace in the area, and "a few legal beagles to pay for damage to the olive groves."
Holloway's superiors on the Joint Chiefs of Staff (JCS) introduced complications of their own, recalled Gray. "One day I walked in on Admiral Holloway to find him sputtering. He said, 'Do you know what I just told the JCS? I am sixty-years old, I have thirty-five years of service, I have a physical infirmity that will allow me to retire tomorrow, and I will do it if you don't leave me alone and let me do my job.'"
Retirement.
Holloway was relieved as CINCNELM by Admiral Robert L. Dennison in March 1959. Returning to Washington for his well-attended retirement ceremony a month later, Holloway declared that he definitely would not follow the example of other high-ranking military retirees in that he was actually going to retire, not start a second career in business. However, in 1964 he was recalled to active duty to serve as Governor of the United States Naval Home in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, until 1966.
In later life, he moved to Carl Vinson Hall, a Navy retirement home in McLean, Virginia. He died on January 11, 1984, of an aortic aneurysm at Fairfax Hospital in Falls Church, Virginia.
Personal life.
Holloway was a husky, round-faced man with blue eyes and brown hair who stood six feet tall, weighed 190 pounds, and spoke in a light southern drawl. He was nicknamed "Lord Jim," as much for his reputation as a strict disciplinarian as for the aristocratic affectations that TIME Magazine dubbed "a suave, diplomatic air that sometimes spills over into pomposity":
In civvies he sports a Malacca cane. He is something of a connoisseur of wines. He interlards his conversation with phrases out of Dickens or Thackeray, loves to write what he calls "erudite letters" (favorite word: vouchsafe). "If he will ever be known for any command, it will be for his command of the English language," said one officer who served on his staff, and Holloway adds to the impression when he tells his officers, in a neo-British accent, to "go bird-dog this thing," or "go with the speed of a deer and do it," or "let's get our tails over the dashboard on this thing." His Navy nickname is "Gentleman Jim." His press nickname is "Lord Jim." His private Navy nickname is "Lord Plushbottom."
United Nations diplomat Rajeshwar Dayal described Holloway as "a gentleman to the core" during his interactions with the United Nations Observation Group in Lebanon (UNOGIL) in 1958. "He was a man of impressive presence and courtly ways and fully deserved his sobriquet of 'Lord Jim'...We found him a charming and engaging personality and a man of his word." Major General David W. Gray, who commanded the Army contingent during the initial stages of the Lebanon intervention, recalled:
My first meeting with Adm. James Holloway was some experience. I had asked to brief him on our plan for Jordan and was shown to his office. He was reclining on a sofa and remained that way throughout the session. When I would make a particular point, he would exclaim, 'Atta boy,' or 'That's it. Give'm hell' — a one-man cheering section, so to speak. It was quite the most incredible briefing I ever gave. I learned later that he suffered from some ailment at the time, which required him to to take these rest sessions. He impressed me as a 'big picture' type, not too interested in details, but I left his office feeling that here was a man for whom you would make that extra effort and take that extra step."
Holloway was widely admired within the Navy, although he was identified so strongly as being a deskbound staff officer that when he assumed operational command of Operation Bluebat in 1958, other officers joked, "Oh, he's finally gone to sea." "Los Angeles Times" columnist Bill Henry observed, "When President Eisenhower announced that our leader of United States forces in the Middle East would be an officer named Adm. Holloway, there was a sort of 'Who dat?' reaction. James Lemuel Holloway Jr. has not been a dashing, spectacular figure. He has, however, compiled a steady record of uncanny ability as an organizer which has overshadowed a fine combat record in two world wars."
While chief of the Bureau of Personnel, Holloway summarized his philosophy to a group of young naval officers: "You men probably do not think of it in this way, but I do. To be commissioned in the Navy, you had to be appointed by the President with the approval of Congress. This is the procedure and requirement for the seating of a Supreme Court judge or an ambassador. This is why a naval officer must have his chin out at all times." Admiral Elmo R. Zumwalt Jr., a lieutenant commander in BuPers from 1953–1955, remembered Holloway as "the superior who most impressed me when I was a young officer."
Family.
He married the former Jean Gordon Hagood, daughter of U.S. Army Major General Johnson Hagood, of Charleston, South Carolina, on May 11, 1921. They had two children: son James Lemuel Holloway III, who also attained the rank of four-star admiral as chief of naval operations from 1974–1978; and daughter Jean Gordon Holloway, whose husband, Rear Admiral Lawrence Heyworth Jr., was the first commanding officer of the aircraft carrier and briefly served as the 45th superintendent of the U.S. Naval Academy.
His wife Jean died of cancer in October 1956 after a three-year illness. After her death, he remarried to the former Josephine Cook Kenny, widow of a Navy captain who had served with him in BuPers, on January 16, 1958. Stepdaughter Josephine Cook Fraser married Mercury Seven astronaut Walter M. Schirra, Jr.
His father, James Lemuel Holloway Sr., served as superintendent of schools in Fort Smith, Arkansas before entering Washington University in 1900 for training in osteopathy, which he practiced in Dallas, Texas for forty years. In 1952, at the age of 92, Holloway Sr. wrote to the chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff to inquire whether Holloway Jr. was falling short in his performance of duty as a rear admiral such that he might not be promoted to vice admiral; if so, he wanted to give his son some helpful advice. President Harry S. Truman wrote back to assure the worried father that his son was not neglecting his duties.
In 1960, Holloway Sr. celebrated his centennial in Dallas, having seen his son achieve the rank of four-star admiral. Fourteen years later, Holloway Jr. would see his own son achieve the same rank when Holloway III was sworn in as chief of naval operations in 1974. (James Lemuel Holloway IV, son of Holloway III, died in a car accident in 1964.)
As of 2008, Holloway Jr. and Holloway III remain the only father and son to both serve as four-star admirals in the U.S. Navy while on active duty; the other two four-star admirals who fathered four-star sons were either promoted to that rank posthumously, in the case of Admiral John S. McCain, Sr., or upon retirement, in the case of Admiral David W. Bagley.
In his memoirs, Holloway III complained that "there has often been a tacit presumption that my father was in a position to advance my career as I gained seniority in the Navy. On the contrary, as a retired officer he had little or no influence over his own future, much less mine." As an example of this presumption, when President Richard M. Nixon approved Holloway III's nomination to succeed Admiral Elmo R. Zumwalt Jr. as chief of naval operations, Zumwalt believed that Nixon acquiesced mainly to avoid overruling the recommendation of his secretary of defense, but that, "In addition, and I really think this was a factor, Mr. Nixon remembered Jimmy's father from his own period of naval service."
Awards.
His decorations include the Legion of Merit, awarded for organizing the DD-DE Shakedown Task Force of the Atlantic Fleet operational training command, with Gold Star in lieu of a second award for commanding the battleship "Iowa" in the Pacific theater; the Navy Commendation Ribbon, awarded for leading Destroyer Squadron 10 during the landings at Casablanca, with star in lieu of a second ribbon for serving as director of training in the Bureau of Naval Personnel; the Victory Medal with Destroyer Clasp; the American Defense Service Medal with Fleet Clasp; the American Campaign Medal; the European-African-Middle Eastern Campaign Medal with star; the Asiatic-Pacific Campaign Medal with stars; the World War II Victory Medal; and the Philippine Liberation Medal. He was appointed Grand Officer of the Order of Leopold by the government of Belgium.
He received the honorary degrees of Doctor of Laws from Muhlenberg College in 1944, and later from the University of Notre Dame; and Doctor of Humane Letters from Villanova College in 1948.
The Admiral James L. Holloway Jr. Award is presented annually by the Navy League of the United States to the outstanding NROTC midshipman in the nation, and consists of an engraved watch and a certificate. The RADM James L. Holloway Jr. Trophy honors the Naval Academy midshipman who has contributed the most to Varsity Offshore J/24 sailing through his leadership, dedication to the team, and sailing skills.
He recorded an oral history that is archived at the Columbia University Oral History Research Office.
Dates of rank.
Sources:

</doc>
<doc id="19770561" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19770561" title="Bigerhorn">
Bigerhorn

The Bigerhorn (3,626 m) is a mountain of the Swiss Pennine Alps, located south of Grächen in the canton of Valais. It lies in the Mischabel range, north of the Ried Glacier.
From the Bordier Hut, a trail leads to the summit of the Bigerhorn.

</doc>
<doc id="19770574" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19770574" title="Ann Banfield">
Ann Banfield

Ann Banfield, a professor of English at the University of California, Berkeley.
She has taught at Berkeley since 1975 and is a specialist in linguistics, critical theory and the use of philosophy as a cornerstone of modernism.

</doc>
<doc id="19770581" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19770581" title="Hohgwächte">
Hohgwächte

The Hohgwächte is a mountain of the Pennine Alps, situated near Randa in Valais. It belong to the Mischabel massif and is located west of the Dom and the Festijoch

</doc>
<doc id="19770590" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19770590" title="Moses Akaranga">
Moses Akaranga

Reverend Moses Akaranga is a Kenyan Maragoli politician and former member of Parliament. He defeated Musalia Mudavadi of KANU from the Sabatia Constituency seat in the 2002 elections on a Ford-Kenya ticket. He served only one term and was defeated by Mudavadi, who was now representing Orange Democratic Movement at the 2007 elections.
He is the first Kenyan Member of Parliament to unseat a sitting Vice President.

</doc>
<doc id="19770594" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19770594" title="Kinhorn">
Kinhorn

The Kinhorn is a mountain of the Swiss Pennine Alps, overlooking Täsch in the canton of Valais. It is located west of the Täschhorn.

</doc>
<doc id="19770601" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19770601" title="Dick Vernon">
Dick Vernon

Dick 'Bendigo' Vernon (born 28 December 1878) was an Australian rules footballer who played for Collingwood in the Victorian Football League (VFL).
Vernon joined Collingwood from Boulder City in the Goldfields Football Association, which he captained in 1906 and played as a rover. He participated in finals at Collingwood in each of his three seasons and was a half forward flanker in their 1910 premiership team. Vernon also played in the losing 1911 Grand Final side.
In 1912, the season after he retired, Vernon umpired four VFL matches during the year as a field umpire.

</doc>
<doc id="19770632" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19770632" title="Angels (statues)">
Angels (statues)

The Angels () are a group of three monumental, primitive busts, located in a park near Kalvarija Hill in the city of Maribor, Slovenia. The statues are made of colored concrete and are approximately three metres tall. Each is a different color (pale green, pale yellow, pink) and has slightly different facial proportions. They represent angels, a common theme of their sculptor Lučka Koščak.
They were erected in 2004, with the support of the municipality of Maribor and the Sculpture Institute from Ljubljana. Local residents have nicknamed them ""Sveta Trojica"" (Holy Trinity).

</doc>
<doc id="19770646" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19770646" title="Fluchthorn (Saastal)">
Fluchthorn (Saastal)

The Fluchthorn is a mountain of the Swiss Pennine Alps, located south of Saas-Almagell in the canton of Valais. It lies east of the Strahlhorn.

</doc>
<doc id="19770670" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19770670" title="History of the Libertarian Party (United States)">
History of the Libertarian Party (United States)

The Libertarian Party was formed in Colorado Springs in the home of Luke Zell by a group of individuals led by David Nolan on December 11, 1971, after several months of debate among members of the Committee to Form a Libertarian Party, founded July 17. The formation was prompted in part by price controls and the end of the Gold Standard implemented by President Richard Nixon. The Libertarian Party viewed the dominant Republican and Democratic parties as having diverged from what they viewed as the libertarian principles of the American Founding Fathers. This group included John Hospers, Edward Crane, Manuel Klausner, Murray Rothbard, Roy Childs, Theodora (Tonie) Nathan, and Jim Dean.
Early history.
A press conference announcing the new party was held on January 31, 1972 at the party's headquarters in Westminster, Colorado. The first national convention, attracting 89 delegates from 23 states, was held that June in Denver, Colorado. According to Ron Crickenberger, former Political Director of the LP, a search of LP records showed that the LP had elected Miguel Gilson-De Lemos in a partisan local board race in New York even before the adoption of its first platform. Several others were also elected or appointed that year. Party leaders initially doubted they would even see six people elected or appointed by 2001, so this led to early optimism among some. However, in subsequent years the number of people in office seemed to be about 1% of its donor base: approximately 30 officeholders with 3,000 donors in 1981; 100 in office and 10,000 donors in 1991; and 600 and 60,000 in 2001.
By the 1972 presidential election, the party had grown to over 80 members and had attained ballot access in two states. Their presidential ticket, John Hospers and Theodora (Tonie) Nathan, earned between 3,000 and 4,000 votes, but received the first and only electoral college vote for a Libertarian presidential ticket, from Roger MacBride of Virginia, who was pledged to Richard Nixon. His was also the first vote ever cast for a woman in the United States Electoral College. MacBride became the party's presidential nominee in the 1976 Presidential Election. The 1976 election established the Libertarian Party as the #1 alternative political party in the United States, and it remains the most successful alternative political party since the end of the Second World War.
In 1978, Dick Randolph became the first Libertarian to win State-level office with his election to the Alaska House of Representatives. Two years later, he won another term and Ken Fanning was also elected as a Libertarian to that chamber.
Clark, Crane, Koch, and Paul.
In the 1980 presidential contest, the Libertarian Party gained ballot access in all 50 States, Washington, D.C., and Guam, the first time a third party accomplished this since the Socialist Party in 1916 (when there were only 48 States and the District of Columbia did not get to vote for president). The ticket of Ed Clark and David H. Koch spent several million dollars on this political campaign and earned more than one percent of the popular vote with almost one million votes, the most successful Libertarian presidential campaign to date.
On December 29, 1981, the first widely reported successful election in the continental United States of a Libertarian Party candidate in a partisan race occurred as Richard P. Siano, a Boeing 707 pilot for Trans World Airlines, running against both a Republican and a Democrat, was elected to the office of Kingwood Township Committeeman in western Hunterdon County, New Jersey. His election resulted from the special election held on December 29, 1981 to break a tie vote in the general election between him and the Democratic candidate. He received 63% of the votes cast in the special election. He served a three-year term of office. Another Libertarian had, in 1977, been elected to a city council position in New Jersey.
In 1983 (the LP at the time held is nominating convention the year before the election, due to the stringent requirements many States set for allowing an alternative party on their ballots), the party was divided by internal disputes; former party leaders Ed Crane and David H. Koch left, taking a number of their supporters with them. In 1984, the party's presidential nominee, David Bergland, gained access to the ballot in 36 states and earned one-quarter of one percent of the popular vote. In 1987, Doug Anderson became the first Libertarian elected to office in a major city, elected to the Denver Election Commission (later, in 2005, Anderson was elected to the Lakewood, Colorado city council).
In 1988, former Republican Congressman Ron Paul won the Libertarian nomination for president and was on the ballot in 46 states. Paul later successfully ran for United States House of Representatives from Texas, once again as a Republican, an office in which he still serves. He ran in the Republican primaries in 2008 and currently is sponsoring HR 1207 in the House of Representatives, a bill to audit the Federal Reserve. His running-mate was Andre Marrou, a former member of the Alaska legislature; the ticket was thus one of the few "third-party" tickets in American history to have former office-holders in both slots.
From Marrou to Browne.
In 1992, Andre Marrou, a Libertarian elected to the Alaska state legislature and Ron Paul's running mate in 1988, led the ticket, with attorney Nancy Lord as his Vice Presidential (VP) running mate. For the first time since the Clark campaign in 1980, the Libertarian Party made the ballot in all 50 states, DC, and Guam. In 1994, radio personality Howard Stern embarked on a political campaign for Governor of New York, formally announcing his candidacy under the Libertarian Party ticket. Although he legally qualified for the office and campaigned for a time after his nomination, many viewed the run for office as nothing more than a publicity stunt. He subsequently withdrew his candidacy because he did not want to comply with the financial disclosure requirements for candidates.
Investment adviser Harry Browne headed the 1996 and 2000 presidential tickets. The VP candidate in 1996 was South Carolina entrepreneur Jo Jorgensen; in 2000, Art Olivier of California was Browne's running mate. In 1996 the Party again made the ballot in all 50 states, Washington, D.C. and Guam. The party's presidential ticket made the ballot in 49 states, DC and Guam in 2000.
Election cycles in the 2000s.
In all of these cases, the party's presidential nominee drew in between one third and one half of one percent of the popular vote. In 2000, the Arizona Libertarian Party, which had been disaffiliated from the national organization in late 1999, but which controlled the Libertarian ballot line in that state, nominated science fiction author L. Neil Smith and newspaperman Vin Suprynowicz, rather than Browne and Olivier, as its presidential slate. Smith and Suprynowicz polled 5,775 votes (0.38%) in Arizona.
2004–2007.
In the 2004 election cycle, the Libertarian Party's presidential nomination race was the closest to date. Three candidatesgun-rights activist and software engineer Michael Badnarik, talk radio host Gary Nolan, and Hollywood producer Aaron Russocame within two percent of each other on the first two ballots at the 2004 national convention in Atlanta. Badnarik was chosen as the party's presidential nominee on the third ballot after Nolan was eliminated, a comeback many saw as surprising, as Badnarik had not been viewed as a front-runner for the nominationmany delegates were won over during the convention itself, due to Badnarik's perceived strong performance in a formal candidate debate. The Badnarik campaign secured ballot status in 48 states (plus DC and Guam) and earned 397,265 votes. Despite less name recognition and a much smaller campaign checkbook, Badnarik polled nearly as well as independent candidate Ralph Nader. The Libertarian party also garnered more votes than the Green Party that year. His running mate was Richard Campagna who secured the vice presidential nod at the party's Atlanta convention with a landslide victory.
In the November 2006 mid-term election, the median vote percentage for Libertarians who ran for US House (excluding races with only one major party nominee) was 2.04%; while the median percentage for Greens who ran for that office (again excluding races with only one major party nominee) was 1.41%. Over 13,400,000 votes were cast for Libertarian Party candidates in 2006. In the 2007 general elections, Libertarian Party candidates won 14 elective offices, including an election for mayor of Avis, Pennsylvania.
2008.
Several candidates sought to become the party's 2008 presidential nominee. Ron Paul, who had been the party's 1988 nominee and was seeking the 2008 Presidential nomination of the Republican Party, was mentioned as a possible nominee as well, but he officially denied any intent to run under a third-party banner. On December 12, 2007, the Party adopted a resolution requesting Paul to run on the Libertarian ticket if he did not win the Republican Party nomination.
On March 25, 2008, Mike Gravel changed from the Democratic Party to the Libertarian Party. On May 12, 2008, ten days before the 2008 Libertarian National Convention, Bob Barr, a former Republican U.S. Congressman, announced that he would seek the nomination.
At the time of the 2008 Libertarian National Convention there were eight candidates for consideration at the convention: Bob Barr, Mike Gravel, Mike Jingozian, Steve Kubby, George Phillies, Wayne Allyn Root, Mary Ruwart, and Christine Smith. On May 25, after six ballots, the Libertarian Party chose Barr as their official nominee for president, and Root as his running mate.
2009-2012, Tea Party protests.
Protests caused by the Great Recession and the Affordable Care Act resulted in gains for both the Libertarian and Republican parties in the 2010 midterm elections. Calling themselves the Tea Party movement (based on the original Boston Tea Party), protesters desired a return to the government's constitutional limits, cuts in government spending and taxes, a Balanced Budget Amendment, and other economic policy reforms supported by the Libertarian Party. Though the Republicans successfully absorbed many voters from these protests as well, they would later lose popularity as the Libertarians continued to benefit into the 2012 elections and held on to much of the support they had lost in the mid-2000s.
Arrival of Gary Johnson.
Despite claiming to be an "unwavering Republican", refusing the Libertarians' draft in the 2000 elections, and initially running for the Republican nomination, former Governor of New Mexico Gary Johnson officially withdrew his chances for a Republican nomination and announced his full intention to seek that of the Libertarians. This was as a result of garnering little progress as a Republican candidate for the 2012 election. Nevertheless, he has encouraged his supporters to vote for Ron Paul in 2012 Republican presidential primaries. A socially progressive libertarian, Johnson is known for his opposition to United States involvement in the Afghanistan, Iraq and Libyan wars. On the flip side, as a fiscal conservative, Johnson supports "slashing government spending", include Medicare, Medicaid, and Social Security entitlements. As governor, he cut taxes fourteen times and slashed the 10% annual growth in the New Mexican budget by using his gubernatorial veto on half of bills in his first six months. He advocates passing a law allowing for state bankruptcy and expressly ruling out a federal bailout of any states.
The only other candidates vying for the 2012 Libertarian nomination were Virginian Bill Still and Texan R. Lee Wrights. Still is a monetary reform activist, documentary film maker and author of several non-fiction books; he created, produced and narrated The Money Masters and The Secret of Oz, which focus on the United States monetary system. Meanwhile, Wrights is a lifelong Libertarian, having served as secretary and chair of the Libertarian Party of Forsyth County, N.C. and as vice chair of the Libertarian Party of North Carolina (LPNC) for seven years. Wrights is currently a member of the Libertarian Party judicial committee, elected to that body by the 2010 national convention. Johnson won the nomination, and came third in the general.

</doc>
<doc id="19770710" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19770710" title="MI-2">
MI-2

MI-2 or Mi-2 can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19770711" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19770711" title="History of Malaysian football">
History of Malaysian football

The history of Malaysian football.
Introduction.
There are three major trophies to be won by the teams in Malaysia football competition which are Malaysia Super League, Malaysia Cup and Malaysia FA Cup.
History.
League championships.
Malaysia Super League.
A football league competition involving the representative sides of the state football assiociations was first held in Malaysia in 1979. When it began, it was intended primarily as a qualifying tournament for the final knock-out stages of the Malaysia Cup. It was not until 1982 that a League Cup was introduced to recognise the winners of the preliminary stage as the league champions. Over the years, the league competition has gained important stature in its own right.
Initially the only teams allowed to participate in the league were the state FA's sides, teams representing the Armed Forces and the Police, and teams representing the neighbouring countries of Singapore and Brunei (though the Football Association of Singapore pulled out of the Malaysian League after the 1994 season following a dispute with the Football Association of Malaysia over gate receipts, and has not been involved since). In recent years, top Malaysian club teams have also been admitted to the league competition.
Between 1989 to 1993 and 1998 to 2003, the football league in Malaysia was divided into two levels:
Between 1994 to 1997, there was no second level league as the top two leagues were combined.
Between 2004 to 2006, the professional football league in Malaysia was divided into 2 levels and 2 groups:
Between 2007 until now, the professional football league in Malaysia was only divided into 2 levels when Malaysia Premier League combined into 1 level:
Cups.
Malaysia Cup.
The Malaysia Cup is a highly-prestigious annual soccer tournament in Malaysia. It is currently the longest-running football competition in Asia. Malaysia Cup history began with the Malaya Cup contested in the 1921 where the championship is accompanied by the states of Malaya. When it involves the final winner of the north and south through the tournament champion is divided respectively. In 1933, Malaya Cup was renamed the HMS "Malaya" Cup taken in conjunction with the name of the battleship HMS "Malaya". Commanding officer of the ship when the captain Ion Beauchamp Butler has donated a trophy and then named it HMS "Malaya" Cup.
World War II forced the cessation of competition from 1942 to 1947 and HMS "Malaya Cup" restarted in 1948. In 1967 the trophy has been replaced with a new trophy Malaysia Cup. Not long after, a team from the Borneo states of Sabah, Sarawak and Brunei joined Malaysia Cup. Beginning in 1982, a league championship was introduced to determine who qualified for the final. It will be contested after the expiry of Malaysian football league and the only team that showed the best performance in the league are eligible to compete for the Malaysia Cup.
But in 1995, Singapore no longer played in the Malaysia League and thus do not played in the Malaysia Cup. This is because the Football Association of Singapore are having problems with the Football Association of Malaysia and finally pulled out in the world of Malaysian football. But before retreating, Singapore managed to win the 1994 Malaysia Cup for the last time.
In 1999, the number of teams entering the Malaysia Cup increased by 12 teams. a year later, the number of teams increased to 16 teams and team status for the first time the club managed to join the Malaysia Cup, Johor FC. The first club to win the Malaysia Cup and so far was MPPJ Selangor in 2003. Selangor is the team with the highest achievement in the midst of the Malaysia Cup, winning 32 titles and 16 runner-up. Kelantan is the latest winner of the Malaysia Cup for their first time ever.
Malaysia FA Cup.
The Malaysia FA Cup is a national knock-out soccer competition organised by the Football Association of Malaysia. This trophy was introduced in 1990.
Records.
Below are the record of teams in Malaysian football competitions since 1921 till present. Only active teams will be list.
Great honours.
Great honours are titled for the team who won two trophies "(double)" and three trophies "(treble)" in the same season. It covers Malaysia Super League, Malaysia FA Cup and Malaysia Cup.
Treble.
"See The Double and The Treble"

</doc>
<doc id="19770713" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19770713" title="Tower of Babel (1986 video game)">
Tower of Babel (1986 video game)

Plot.
In the beginning, an archaeologist and explorer known as , is in search of the fabled air garden of Babylon. After reading some lost scriptures, he determines that the only way to see them is to travel to the very top of the 64 story Tower of Babel. Upon reaching the Tower, he discovers that the only way to access the floors above him are to solve some challenging puzzles involving loose L-shaped blocks that he finds throughout the Tower. To his great surprise, the blocks are capable of balancing very well on top of one another, in order to form staircases.

</doc>
<doc id="19770722" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19770722" title="La Sâle">
La Sâle

La Sâle is a mountain of the Swiss Pennine Alps, overlooking the Lac des Dix in the canton of Valais. It is located between the valleys of Bagnes and Hérens, north of Le Pleureur.

</doc>
<doc id="19770731" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19770731" title="Žlan">
Žlan

Žlan is a small settlement in the Municipality of Bohinj in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia. It only has six houses and no longer has any permanent residents.

</doc>
<doc id="19770752" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19770752" title="Paul R. Williams Residence">
Paul R. Williams Residence

The Paul R. Williams Residence was the personal home of the noted architect and Spingarn Medal winner Paul Williams. The residence is located in the Lafayette Square neighborhood of Mid-City, Los Angeles. The house has been designated as a Los Angeles Historic-Cultural Monument by the city of Los Angeles. This four-bedroom, house was designed and built in the International style in 1952.
Though known as an "architect to the stars", working in many exclusive Los Angeles neighborhoods, the African American Williams built his own house in a neighborhood free of racial restrictions.

</doc>
<doc id="19770777" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19770777" title="SuperCircuits">
SuperCircuits

Supercircuits, based in Austin, Texas, is a manufacturer of innovative audio and video surveillance solutions. 
Supercircuits has been on the Inc. 500 list of America's fastest growing companies and listed three times in the Guinness Book of World Records. They serve well over 300,000 customers in the US alone, including small businesses, large corporations, dealer and integrator partners, government, law enforcement, and the military.
History.
Founded in 1989, by Steve Klindworth, Supercircuits started out in Liberty Hill, TX. In 1993, they introduced the first money back guarantee in the video surveillance industry. 1997's Inc magazine named the company to the Inc 500 fastest growing private companies. In 1999-2009, The Guinness Book of World Records listed Supercircuits as the direct seller of the World's Smallest Video Camera.
Products.
Supercircuits focuses on the audio and video surveillance industry. As a result, they supply a large percentage of the law enforcement, military and other intelligence gathering organizations. Their products are featured in a widely distributed catalog as well as their website.
Recent Acquisition.
In August 2006, Supercircutis was acquired by the Carlyle-led investment group, SAC, Inc. (now Observint Technologies). Observint Technologies is a privately held company focused on providing world class operations, finance, marketing, and related support services for businesses in the surveillance sector.

</doc>
<doc id="19770781" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19770781" title="MI-4">
MI-4

MI-4, MI4, MI 4, or variant may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19770788" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19770788" title="Kuhn Station Site">
Kuhn Station Site

The Kuhn Station Site is the site of an archaeological dig on Silver Creek, near Edwardsville, Illinois. The site is roughly .3 hectares in area, and was home to a small village. The site is believed to be from the Mississippian period, but archaeologists also found artifacts dating from the Moorehead/Sand Prairie period, such as ceramics. As well, the village had an "earthen embankment" surrounding its perimeter, and a low platform mound.

</doc>
<doc id="19770792" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19770792" title="Rocha House">
Rocha House

Rocha House is a historic site in Los Angeles, California, that was designated Los Angeles Historic-Cultural Monument #13 in 1963. It is located in the Reynier Village/South Robertson neighborhood.

</doc>
<doc id="19770805" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19770805" title="List of rivers of Sri Lanka">
List of rivers of Sri Lanka

The following is a list of rivers in Sri Lanka. Rivers shorter than are not included in this list.

</doc>
<doc id="19770826" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19770826" title="Perfect 10, Inc. v. Amazon.com, Inc.">
Perfect 10, Inc. v. Amazon.com, Inc.

Perfect 10, Inc. v. Amazon.com, Inc., 508 F.3d 1146 (9th Cir. 2007) was a case in the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit involving Perfect 10, Inc., Amazon.com, Inc. and Google, Inc. The court held that Google's framing and hyperlinking as part of an image search engine constituted a fair use of Perfect 10's images because the use was highly transformative, overturning most of the district court's decision.
Background.
Perfect 10 was an adult entertainment magazine that provided a subscription-only website. A number of independent, third-party web site publishers placed images obtained from Perfect 10's subscription-only area on their own websites, violating Perfect 10's terms of service and copyright. Google crawls, indexes, and caches websites on their internal servers so they can be accessed quickly. The sites crawled included many of these third-party sites containing infringing images. As part of their image search service, Google also provides thumbnail copies of the images that are being searched for so the user may see them before accessing the website. Furthermore, when a user selects an image from a Google search, a new page is accessed that includes the original website as well as a frame that contains information about the image and the thumbnail version of the image.
Perfect 10 believed the linking constituted instances of secondary copyright infringement, and the caching and thumbnails constituted direct infringement. Acting on this, Perfect 10 sent Google infringement notifications for nearly 4 years, eventually filing suit against both Google and Amazon for similar activities. Perfect 10 requested injunctions against Google and Amazon from linking to websites displaying Perfect 10's images and, in the case of Google, displaying the thumbnail images.
Court case.
After filing suit in November 2004 in the United States District Court for the Central District of California, the district court granted partial injunctive relief in favor of Perfect 10. Specifically, it ruled that Google's thumbnail images were likely to be found to be infringing while the hyperlinks to infringing sites were not likely to be found infringing in and of themselves. Google appealed the injunction against them, and Perfect 10 appealed the decision on the hyperlinks.
On appeal, the Ninth Circuit upheld the district court's decision that the hyperlinks were not infringing on Perfect 10's copyright. It agreed with the district court's assessment that infringing websites existed before Google and would continue to exist without Google, thus it was not a contributory infringer. Furthermore, Google had no control over infringing sites and could not shut them down, so any profits it may or may not extract from users visiting those sites did not constitute vicarious infringement.
The court also agreed that including an inline link is not the same as hosting the material yourself. So in the case of framing, while it may "appear" that Google was hosting infringing material, it was only hosting a link to the material which the browser interpreted should appear in a certain way.
The Ninth Circuit did, however, overturn the district court's decision that Google's thumbnails were infringing. Google's argument, which was upheld by the court, was a fair use defense. The appellate court ruled that Google's use of thumbnails was fair use, mainly because they were "highly transformative." The court did not define what size a thumbnail is but the examples the court cited was only 3% of the original. Most other major sites use a size not longer than 150 pixels on the long size. Specifically, the court ruled that Google transformed the images from a use of entertainment and artistic expression to one of retrieving information, citing the similar case, "Kelly v. Arriba Soft Corporation". The court reached this conclusion despite the fact that Perfect 10 was attempting to market thumbnail images for cell phones, with the court quipping that the "potential harm to Perfect 10's market remains hypothetical."
The court pointed out that Google made available to the public the new and highly beneficial function of "improving access to information on the Internet." This had the effect of recognizing that, "search engine technology provides an astoundingly valuable public benefit, which should not be jeopardized just because it might be used in a way that could affect somebody's sales." 
Google also raised a Digital Millennium Copyright Act (DMCA) safe harbor defense in respect to the issue of hyperlinks, which Perfect 10 contested. However, the court did not reach an opinion on the matter as it found that Perfect 10 was unlikely to succeed on the matters of contributory and vicarious liability because of the other arguments.

</doc>
<doc id="19770842" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19770842" title="MI-7">
MI-7

MI-7, MI7, MI 7 or variant may mean:

</doc>
<doc id="19770850" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19770850" title="The Waiting Room (EP)">
The Waiting Room (EP)

The Waiting Room is the second EP by Australian rock/pop group Do-Ré-Mi and was released by independent label Larrikan Records in January 1983. The album has six tracks, which were written by lead vocalist Deborah Conway, drummer Dorland Bray, bass guitarist Helen Carter and guitarist Stephen Philip. "Man Overboard" made its first appearance on this EP, but was re-worked and released as a single in 1985 to become a surprise top 5 hit, it included lyrics referring to anal humour, penis envy and pubic hair; and had no chorus. Paul Hester, later drummer for Split Enz and Crowded House, was living with Conway and guested on timbales for the track, "(Just Like) Hercules".
Background.
Do-Ré-Mi had formed in Sydney in 1981 when Deborah Conway (lead vocals) and Dorland Bray (drums, percussion, backing vocals), both previously in Melbourne-based group The Benders, joined Helen Carter (bass, backing vocals) ex-Friction. Stephen Philip (guitar), ex-Thought Criminals, was initially a studio musician for their debut EP, "Do-Ré-Mi" released in August 1982 and was asked to join formally. They returned to the studio almost immediately and recorded "The Waiting Room" which was released in January 1983. Conway was living with Paul Hester drummer in Deckchairs Overboard (later in Split Enz and Crowded House), Hester guested on timbales for the track "(Just Like) Hercules" on this EP. "Man Overboard" had its first appearance on this EP but was later re-worked and released as a single in 1985 when it peaked at #5 on the Australian singles charts. Lyrical content included references to anal humour, penis envy and pubic hair. In 2001, Carter recalled the problems Do-Ré-Mi had with their record company over "Man Overboard" for the Australian Broadcasting Corporation TV series "Long Way To The Top".
Tracklisting.
All tracks were written by Deborah Conway, Dorland Bray, Helen Carter and Stephen Philip.
Personnel.
Do-Ré-Mi members
Additional musicians

</doc>
<doc id="19770856" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19770856" title="Grande Aiguille">
Grande Aiguille

The Grande Aiguille is a mountain of the Swiss Pennine Alps, situated near Bourg Saint Pierre in the canton of Valais. With an elevation of 3,682 metres above sea level, it the culminating point of the ridge named "Les Maisons Blanches" that lies west of the Corbassière Glacier, in the Grand Combin massif.

</doc>
<doc id="19770868" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19770868" title="L'Epée">
L'Epée

L'Epée is a mountain in the Pennine Alps, situated near Bourg Saint Pierre in Switzerland. It is located on the ridge "Les Maisons Blanches" in the Grand Combin massif.

</doc>
<doc id="19770869" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19770869" title="H. Abram Wilson">
H. Abram Wilson

H. Abram Wilson (born 1946) is a Republican politician and former mayor of San Ramon, California.
Early life.
Wilson was born in Charleston, South Carolina in 1946, the son of two educators. His great grandfather had been one of the first physicians in South Carolina. He also lived in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania as a child.
Wilson attended Central State University, where he was the president of his senior class. He spent his summers in San Francisco. While in college, he studied voice and has performed in professional chorus' and earned a BS in Biochemistry. 
A proud veteran, in 1969 he entered the United States Army. When he reported for duty in Ft. Bragg, his superiors asked him if he was a member of the Black Panthers, due to his having arrived from San Francisco.
When he returned to civilian life, he worked as a federal funds trader at Wells-Fargo.
Family.
H. Abram Wilson is married to Dr. Karen B. Wilson. He has 2 children, Natausha Wilson-Cruz and P. Nathan Wilson.
Political career.
San Ramon City.
Wilson was elected to the San Ramon City Council in November 1999, appointed Mayor in 2002, and became the City of San Ramon’s first elected Mayor in 2003. He was re-elected in 2005. Wilson was the e 2005 recipient of the National Music Educator Association, State Legislator of the Year award "for his support of music education in the schools."
2008 California State Assembly campaign.
Wilson unsuccessfully ran for State Assembly in 2008. He ran in California's 15th district against Democrat Joan Buchanan. Assembly District 15 includes areas of Contra Costa, Alameda, Sacramento, and San Joaquin counties. Buchanan won the election by 52% to 48% [http://vote.sos.ca.gov/Returns/stasm/1559.htm].

</doc>
<doc id="19770889" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19770889" title="Christmas elf">
Christmas elf

In American folklore, a Christmas elf is a diminutive creature (elf) that lives with Santa Claus in the North Pole and acts as his helper. 
Christmas elves are often depicted as green or red clad with pointy ears and pointy hats. Santa's elves are often said to make the toys in Santa's workshop and take care of his reindeer, among other tasks.
They were first introduced by Louisa May Alcott in 1856.
The Santa Claus character is somewhat older, emerging in US folklore in the early 19th century from an amalgamation of various European Christmas traditions, especially from English Father Christmas and Dutch Sinterklaas.
The association of Christmas presents with elves has precedents in the first half of the 19th century with the Tomte in Sweden and Nisse in Denmark, and Father Christmas himself was identified as an elf in "A Visit from St. Nicholas" (1823).
Origin.
The Christmas elf appeared as early as 1850 when Louisa May Alcott completed, but never published a book entitled "Christmas Elves". The elves can also be seen in engravings from 1873 in "Godey's Lady's Book", showing them surrounding Santa whilst at work. Additional recognition was given in Austin Thompson's 1876 work "The House of Santa Claus, a Christmas Fairy Show for Sunday Schools".
The image of the elves in the workshop was popularised by "Godey's Lady's Book", with a front cover illustration for its 1873 Christmas Issue showing Santa surrounded by toys and elves with the caption, "Here we have an idea of the preparations that are made to supply the young folks with toys at Christmas time." During this time Godey's was immensely influential to the birth of Christmas traditions, having shown the first widely circulated picture of a modern Christmas tree on the front cover of its 1850 Christmas issue.
St. Nicholas as an elf.
In Clement Clarke Moore's 1823 poem "A Visit from St. Nicholas" (more commonly known today as " 'Twas the Night Before Christmas"), Santa Claus himself is described in line 45 as, "He was chubby and plump, a right jolly old elf." Prior to the influence of St. Nicholas in Sweden, the job of giving out gifts was done by the Yule Goat. By 1891, the saint had become so well known that he could no longer be ignored. He became merged with the Tomten, which was previously an elfish/dwarfish farm guardian. Following the work of artist Jenny Nyström, this hybrid figure became known as the Jultomten.
Contemporary pop culture.
In the USA, Canada, and Britain, the modern children's folklore of Santa Claus typically includes diminutive elves at Christmas; green-clad elves with pointy ears and pointy hats as Santa's assistants or hired workers. They make the toys in a workshop located in the North Pole. In recent years, other toys—usually high-tech toys like computers, video games, DVDs and DVD players, and even mobile phones—have also been depicted as being ready for delivery, but not necessarily made, in the workshop as well. In this portrayal, elves slightly resemble nimble and delicate versions of the dwarves of Norse myth.
Valentine D'Arcy Sheldon's children's picture book, The Christmas Tree Elf, tells the origin story of how Santa met his elves. It also introduces Blink, the most famous elf ever, who introduces Santa to the elves and saves Christmas by extinguishing a Christmas tree fire.
In films and television.
Christmas elves have had their role expanded in modern films and television. For instance:
In mobile apps.
With the rise of smartphones capable of delivering rich interactive media, Christmas elves have also expanded into mobile games. For instance:
Around the world.
In different countries, Santa's helpers go by different names. In Iceland they are the Yule Lads who between December 12 and 24, a different Lad visit homes each day to leave presents and play tricks on children. In Belgium and the Netherlands, the companion is called Zwarte Piet (Black Peter), in Germany they are the Knecht Ruprecht and in Luxembourg they are known as Hoesecker. In the eastern regions of France, Père Fouettard accompanies Santa Claus, distributing coal to the naughty children.
In Nordic countries an elf will usually wear only red instead of the green and red outfits they are known for in English speaking countries.
Altoona, Pennsylvania, and a growing number of communities in the Boston area celebrate Buzzlewitz Day on November 11. According to the Lowther tradition, Buzzlewitz is the elf that is sent by Santa to collect children's Christmas lists. On 11 November of each year at 11 pm, children leave their Christmas lists and a snickerdoodle cookie on the mantle or in the kitchen.
Buzzlewitz comes in the night to collect the lists. In return, he leaves a mint and an acorn.

</doc>
<doc id="19770900" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19770900" title="Le Moine">
Le Moine

Le Moine is a mountain of the Pennine Alps, situated east of Bourg Saint Pierre in the canton of Valais. It is located on the ridge "Les Maisons Blanches" in the Grand Combin massif.

</doc>
<doc id="19770903" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19770903" title="Seiji Honda">
Seiji Honda

Seiji Honda (Japanese: 本田征治, born 25 February 1976, Kitajima, Tokushima, Japan) is a Japanese footballer.
Honda played for the Japan national football team at the 1995 FIFA World Youth Championship in Qatar.

</doc>
<doc id="19770909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19770909" title="Taisu">
Taisu

The Taisu (Chinese: 太素; pinyin: Tàisù), or Grand Basis, compiled by Yang Shangshan (楊上善), is one of four known versions of the "Huangdi Neijing" ("Yellow Emperor's Inner Canon"), the other three being the "Suwen", the "Lingshu", and the partially extant "Mingtang" (明堂 "Hall of Light"). 
Time of compilation.
On the basis of Yang Shangshan's official title at the time of compilation, Nathan Sivin argues that the "Taisu" was written in 656 or later, most likely under the reign of emperor Gaozong (mid-7th century) of the Tang dynasty, and that Yang compiled it from fragments of one or several post-Han versions of the "Neijing". 
Historian of medicine Qian Chaochen, who once claimed that Yang Shangshan had died under the Sui dynasty (late 6th century), has recently argued that because Yang referred to the Palace Library as the "Orchid Pavilion" ("lantai" 蘭臺) in one of his notes, he must have compiled the "Taisu" sometime between 662 and 670, the few years during which that name was in use. 
Rediscovery.
Soon lost in China, the "Taisu" survived in manuscript copies in Japan, where it was re-discovered in the late 19th century. The content of the "Taisu" overlaps with parts of both the "Suwen" and the "Lingshu". It is an important text to consult when studying the history of Chinese medical ideas.

</doc>
<doc id="19770913" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19770913" title="National Register of Historic Places listings in Kitsap County, Washington">
National Register of Historic Places listings in Kitsap County, Washington

National Register of Historic Places listings in Kitsap County, Washington

</doc>
<doc id="19770924" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19770924" title="Petite Aiguille">
Petite Aiguille

The Petite Aiguille is a mountain of the Pennine Alps, situated near Bourg Saint Pierre in Switzerland. It is located on the ridge "Les Maisons Blanches" in the Grand Combin massif.

</doc>
<doc id="19770937" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19770937" title="1894 Tennessee Volunteers football team">
1894 Tennessee Volunteers football team

The 1894 Tennessee Volunteers football team unofficially represented the University of Tennessee in the 1894 season. In October 1894, the Athletic Association had resolved to drop varsity football and look forward to baseball in the spring of 1895. After the humiliating 1893 season with two wins and four imposing defeats, only two athletes willing to admit they had played on the 1893 team returned to campus in 1894. To complicate matters further, the practice field, located just west of the main entrance to the Hill, was being graded and improved.
Soon after the Athletic Association's decision, W.B. Stokely, a UT senior who transferred from Wake Forest University, persuaded a group of students to form a team in the fall of 1894. Stokely, who was elected captain, gave encouragement and direction to the other players. Even though the institution chose not to be represented officially on the gridiron in 1894, Stokely and his unofficial team kept football interest alive during this period when almost certainly it otherwise would have been allowed to lapse completely.
These unofficial games, referred to as "The Lost Years", are not included in NCAA statistics or in official UT win-loss records.
References.
"2008 Tennessee Football Media Guide"

</doc>
<doc id="19770949" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19770949" title="List of BMP-1 operators">
List of BMP-1 operators

The BMP-1 is a Soviet amphibious tracked Infantry fighting vehicle used by many different nations around the world. This is a list of nations that operate it.

</doc>
<doc id="19770955" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19770955" title="Le Ritord">
Le Ritord

Le Ritord is a mountain of the Pennine Alps, situated near Bourg Saint Pierre in the canton of Valais. It is part of the Grand Combin massif.
The mountains overlooks the Boveire Glacier on its north side.

</doc>
<doc id="19770991" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19770991" title="Meiktila Lake">
Meiktila Lake

Lake Meiktila ( ) is a lake located near Meiktila, Myanmar (Burma). It is 7 miles (11 km) long, averages half a mile across, and covers an area of 3.5 sq. mile. Mone-Dai dam supplies water to the lake. It is divided into two parts, north lake and south lake. It is divided by a bridge across the lake.
The lake is an artificial irrigation and water reservoir, long, wide. Mondai dam supplies water to the lake.

</doc>
<doc id="19770997" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19770997" title="The Day I Turned to Glass">
The Day I Turned to Glass

The Day I Turned to Glass is Honeycut's debut full length album. Released on September 26, 2006, the album contains twelve tracks spanning roughly 45 minutes. The release is noted for having a track that was used twice by Apple: "Exodus Honey" was featured in a commercial for the redesigned 2007 iMac in addition to the "Welcome" video for Mac OS X Leopard and Snow Leopard.
Usage in Media.
Leopard Welcome video
2006 iMac Redesign Advert

</doc>
<doc id="19771001" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19771001" title="Persophilia">
Persophilia

Persophilia refers to the appreciation and love of Iranian culture, people or history. One of the most prominent Persophiles was the British literary historian, E. G. Browne, who participated in the Iranian Constitutional Revolution in 1906.
Origins.
Greek leaders who gave themselves Persian titles or names were considered Persophiles. Sidonian kings whose governmental policies gave special rights to the Persians may also be referred to as persophiles. The earliest use of the word "persophile" may have been by the Royal Numismatic Society in 1838; it referred to a king of Marium which is in modern-day Cyprus. The opposite of Iranophilia is anti-Iranianism.
Admiration of the Persians was especially high during the Achaemenid dynasty. For example, Cyrus the Great was the only Gentile to be considered a Messiah.

</doc>
<doc id="19771007" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19771007" title="1895 Tennessee Volunteers football team">
1895 Tennessee Volunteers football team

The 1895 Tennessee Volunteers football team unofficially represented the University of Tennessee in the 1895 season. In October 1894, the Athletic Association had resolved to drop varsity football and look forward to baseball in the spring of 1895.
W.B. Stokely, a UT senior who transferred from Wake Forest University in 1894, once again persuaded a group of students to form a team in the fall of 1895. Stokely, who was elected captain, gave encouragement and direction to the other players. Even though the institution chose not to be represented officially on the gridiron in 1895, as in 1894, Stokely and his unofficial team kept football interest alive during this period when almost certainly it otherwise would have been allowed to lapse completely.
These unofficial games, referred to as "The Lost Years", are not included in NCAA statistics or in official UT win-loss records.
1895 was the second and final student-coached team.
References.
"2008 Tennessee Football Media Guide"

</doc>
<doc id="19771022" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19771022" title="Trockener Steg">
Trockener Steg

Trockener Steg is a minor prominence in the area between the Matterhorn and the Breithorn, south of Zermatt in the canton of Valais. It lies at a height of 2,939 metres above sea level, near the front of the Upper Theodul Glacier. 
A cable car station lies on the summit and gives access to the Klein Matterhorn.

</doc>
<doc id="19771024" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19771024" title="Lovebooks Presents">
Lovebooks Presents

Lovebooks Presents is a weekly drama series in TV5 that is shown monthly. Airing Tuesdays at 7:00pm. It premiered last August 12, 2008. Some of their seasons are based on the chick literature titles of Summit Books

</doc>
<doc id="19771026" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19771026" title="Élie Benoist">
Élie Benoist

Élie Benoist (10 January 1640 – 15 November 1728), was a French Protestant minister, known as an historian of the Edict of Nantes.
Benoist was born in Paris. His parents were servants of the Protestant family of La Trémoille. He displayed an early fondness for the classics, and supported himself tutoring in divinity while he studied at Montaigu College and at the Collège de La Marche (in the University of Paris) after the Huguenot college at Montauban, was disbanded on protest from the Jesuits, so he was ordained in 1664 from Puylaurens. 
In 1665, the year after he was ordained, he was called to Alençon, where the original temple of the Huguenots had been ordered demolished the previous year. He served for twenty years as Protestant minister on the outskirts of the city, with as much prudence as capacity, under the watchful eye of the authorities. He married a difficult wife. He met with much opposition from the Roman Catholics, especially from the Jesuit de la Rue, who attacked him and even incited a riot against him in August 1681.
He was already in hiding in Paris at the time of the revocation of the Edict of Nantes. Benoist immediately went to Holland, and was called as minister to the Walloon church of Delft, which worshiped in a chapel adjacent to the Prinsenhof; there he stayed thirty years, followed by an actively participating retirement. In 1687 he engaged on his massive project of the history of the Edict of Nantes, published from 1693 to 1695 and rapidly translated into English as it appeared. "To this undertaking Benoist brought the advantages of a solid education, a capacity for meticulous detail and painstaking research, integrity in the use of his sources, and a desire to be fair while acknowledging his ardent desire to vindicate his people," is the conclusion of his biographer Charles Johnston. He died, aged 88, in Delft.

</doc>
<doc id="19771037" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19771037" title="List of vins de primeur">
List of vins de primeur

Vins de primeur (or "nouveaux wines") are French wines permitted by "Appellation d'origine contrôlée" (AOC) regulations to be sold in the same year that they are harvested. The most widely exported nouveau wine is Beaujolais nouveau which is released on the third Thursday of November, often only a few weeks after the grapes were harvested. As of 2005, there were 55 AOCs in France permitted to make nouveau wines. Less than half of these AOCs are required to have the words "primeur" or "nouveau" printed on the label. Depending the AOC regulations, a nouveau wine may be red, white or "rosé". 

</doc>
<doc id="19771070" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19771070" title="National Register of Historic Places listings in Yakima County, Washington">
National Register of Historic Places listings in Yakima County, Washington

List of entries on the National Register of Historic Places in Yakima County, Washington
__NOTOC__

</doc>
<doc id="19771084" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19771084" title="Juan Jufré">
Juan Jufré

Juan Jufré de Loayza y Montesa (1516 – 1578) was a Spanish conquistador who participated in the 1541 expedition of Pedro de Valdivia to Chile. He was the first alcalde of Santiago, Chile (in 1541) and held the position of governor of the Argentine province of Cuyo. He founded the city of San Juan de la Frontera and re-founded the city of Mendoza. 
Career.
Jufré was born in Medina de Rioseco, a municipality of Valladolid He was the son of Francisco Jufré de Loayza and Cándida de Montesa. He arrived in the Americas in 1538 and went to Peru, soon moving to Chile with Pedro de Valdivia. He was present at the foundation of Santiago and in the first campaigns against the natives. He accompanied Pedro de Villagra when he returned to fight in the civil war in Peru against Gonzalo Pizarro in 1547 and 1548. After his return Jufré actively participated in the Arauco War, becoming captain and justice of the Arauco Province. After the death of Valdivia in Tucapel (1553), he aided the population in the south with food and in 1554 he crushed a rebellion of the Promaucaes in Gualemo on the Lontué River, which now is the province of Curicó.
Jufré later fought against Lautaro and was in the campaigns of García Hurtado de Mendoza. He participated in the refounding of Concepción in 1559. When Francisco de Villagra became governor of Chile, Jufré was named Lieutenant Governor of the Province of Cuyo in 1561 and founded the city of San Juan de la Frontera and refounded Mendoza. Returning in 1562 because of the new Mapuche revolt, he became lieutenant of Governor of Chile and organized aid for the war in the south. He continued participating in the war for more than a decade. 
In the Cabildo of Santiago (the municipal city council) Jufré held various positions, such as alcalde (magistrate) and regidor in the decades between 1550 and 1570. In addition, in 1556 he was royal alferiz of the city, between 1562 and 1563 he was its corregidor and he represented it in 1568 before the Real Audiencia established in Concepcion. 
Accomplishments.
Jufré made a fortune developing important economic activities in Chile. He built the first shipyard next to the Maule River, in his encomienda of Pocoa. He planted the first vineyards in his encomienda of Macul near Santiago where he made wine that he sold in Peru along with other goods. Trade was conducted on his own ships. In 1553, he established a mill on the Mapocho River and later a textile factory amid his two encomiendas (Mataquito and Peteroa) on the banks of the Mataquito River. He died in Santiago in 1578 and was buried at the Church of Santo Domingo. 

</doc>
<doc id="19771100" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19771100" title="Joan Buchanan">
Joan Buchanan

Joan T. Buchanan (born October 4, 1952) is a Democratic Party public official and former school board member from Alamo, California. She has been a member of the California State Assembly since December 2008. In September 2009, Buchanan lost a bid to succeed Ellen Tauscher in the U.S. Congress.
Pre-political career.
Buchanan graduated from UC Santa Barbara.
Before the age of 30, she retired from the private sector, after obtaining the position of Director of Commercial Operations at Delta Dental.
While raising her five children locally, Buchanan served for 20 years on the San Ramon Valley School Board, including 4 terms as president. Buchanan’s budgeting and organizational development led to SRVUSD being ranked among the top 5% of all school districts in California. Over 94% of the district’s graduating seniors attend college.
Buchanan also served as Vice-President of the San Ramon Valley School Age Child Care Alliance and helped bring childcare services to San Ramon elementary schools. In addition, she successfully led the 1994 “No on Vouchers” campaign to preserve funds for public schools.
2008 California State Assembly campaign.
Buchanan successfully ran for State Assembly in 2008. She ran in California's 15th district against Republican San Ramon Mayor H. Abram Wilson. Assembly District 15 includes areas of Contra Costa, Alameda, Sacramento and San Joaquin Counties. Buchanan won the election by 52% to 48%.
2009 Congressional campaign.
On March 18, 2009, Buchanan's hometown Congresswoman Rep. Ellen Tauscher (D CA-10) was nominated by President Barack Obama to serve as Undersecretary of State for Arms Control and International Security. A special election to fill her seat took place in 2009. Buchanan ran in the Democratic Primary to replace Rep. Tauscher. She lost to Democratic former Lieutenant Governor John Garamendi.
Recognition.
Buchanan received the California Teachers Association State Gold Award and Alamo Rotary Club Citizen of the Year.

</doc>
<doc id="19771102" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19771102" title="Felskinn">
Felskinn

Felskinn is a rocky outcrop of the Pennine Alps, situated above Saas Fee in the canton of Valais. 
Felskinn is the lower station of the Metro Alpin which gives access to the Mittelallalin.

</doc>
<doc id="19771103" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19771103" title="IPP-SHR">
IPP-SHR

International Program of Psycho-Social Health Research (IPP-SHR) is an Australian research program based in Queensland which explores the psycho-social dimension of health through examining and reporting on the human experience of serious physical and mental illnesses.
History.
The International Program for Psycho Social Health was established in 2006 as a research initiative funded by the National Health and Medical Research Council (NHMRC) and CQUniversity, Faculty of Sciences, Engineering and Health. In 2011, the International Program of Psycho-Social Health Research moved to Griffith Health Institute, Griffith University.
Areas of research.
IPP-SHR explores the psycho-social dimension of health through a wide range of topics including: palliative care; haematology/oncology; mental health; acute medicine; bioethics; rural and remote health; Indigenous health; spirituality; paediatrics; birth studies; and service delivery evaluation.
IPP-SHR also produces two industry focused publications including a quarterly review and a weekly podcast.

</doc>
<doc id="19771107" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19771107" title="Henry Robinson (writer)">
Henry Robinson (writer)

Henry Robinson (c. 1604 – c. 1664) was an English merchant and writer. He is best known for a work on religious toleration, "Liberty of Conscience" from 1644.
Life.
He was educated at St John's College, Oxford, and was a freeman of the Mercers' Company. He had travelled in continental Europe as a young man; and he was much influenced by the Dutch example of tolerance and prosperity.
A supporter of the Independent line in religion, against the orthodox Presbyterians, he was involved in controversy with William Prynne.
In politics he with Henry Parker lent support in 1649 to Parliament in the debate over 'engagement', an oath to be required affirming the legitimacy of the Parliamentary regime. In the same year he was appointed to government administrative positions, dealing with accounts and sale of crown lands, and in 1650 with farm rents and acting as secretary to the excise commissioners.
In 1650 he set up as a business, though short-lived, an Office of Addresses and Encounters. It was in Threadneedle Street in London, and charged 6d. for answers to certain types of queries, concerning real estate and employment amongst other matters. There was a free service for the poor. The creation of such an Office had been pushed for three years by Samuel Hartlib, who had lobbied for public funds for it. Robinson was an associate of Hartlib, and provided a limited implementation of a grand reformist scheme, which drew also on the French model of Théophraste Renaudot that had operated by then for 20 years. Through the simple provision of a central Register of Addresses, Robinson argued, employers could find employees.
Writings.
He advocated the "free trading of truth", and wrote that "no man can have a natural monopoly of truth". He was one of a group of authors slightly ahead of John Milton in the arguments of "Areopagitica" against censorship. It has been said that there was essentially nothing in Milton's work that had not been anticipated by Robinson, William Walwyn, Roger Williams. 
Other contemporaries writing in the area of freedom of publication were John Lilburne and John Saltmarsh, and John Goodwin. The production of pamphlets in 1644 arguing for toleration was part of the Independents' campaign against the rigid Presbyterians. Robinson was against religious coercion, and therefore against the setting-up of a new national church for England if the result was persecution. Toleration was apparently not to be extended to Roman Catholics.
He wrote extensively on trade and economics, including advocacy for English trade policy during the Rump Parliament, In economic policy his writings had some effect: in the areas of interest rates, naturalisation of foreigners, redistibution of trades from the London centre, and inland navigation, there was a measure of economic reform in the directions he with Hartlib had proposed.
He, in common with some of the Levellers, argued against jury trial.

</doc>
<doc id="19771108" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19771108" title="August Kindermann">
August Kindermann

August Kindermann (6 February 1817, Potsdam – 6 March 1891, Munich) was a German bass-baritone singer and regisseur, particularly noted for his performances in the operas of Richard Wagner. He began his career singing in the chorus of the Berlin State Opera in 1836 and made his solo debut there in 1837 in a small role in Spontini's "Agnes von Hohenstaufen". He went on to sing bass and baritone roles with Leipzig Opera from 1839 to 1846. While at Leipzig, he became a friend of Albert Lortzing and sang in the premieres of two of his operas: the title role in "Hans Sachs" (1840) and Count von Eberbach in "Der Wildschütz" (1842). He also sang Gazna in the premiere of Robert Schumann's secular oratorio "Das Paradies und die Peri" (1843). In 1846, Kinderman moved to the Bavarian State Opera in Munich where he was a Kammersänger and stage director who enjoyed great popularity. In 1855, he directed the company's production of Wagner's "Tannhäuser" as well as singing the role of Wolfram. During his time in Munich he sang the role of Wotan in the premieres of both "Das Rheingold" (1869) and "Die Walküre" (1870) as well as Titurel in the premiere of "Parsifal" (1882). In addition to the Wagner premieres, Kindermann also sang Count Eckart in the premiere of Josef Rheinberger's opera "Die sieben Raben" (1869). August Kinderman's daughters, Franziska Kindermann, Hedwig Reicher-Kindermann, and Marie Kindermann also became opera singers.

</doc>
<doc id="19771111" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19771111" title="SITE Engineering College">
SITE Engineering College

SHREE Institute of Technical Education (or simply SITE) is a privately owned educational institute located in Srimallavaram Village Near Tirupati, Andhra Pradesh, India. 
The institute main campus is set upon , Srimallavaram village near Srikalahasti, 16 km away from the city center. The institute offers engineering and MBA courses. 

</doc>
<doc id="19771112" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19771112" title="Onur Kıvrak">
Onur Kıvrak

Onur Recep Kıvrak (born 1 January 1988) is a Turkish international footballer who currently plays as a goalkeeper for Trabzonspor in the Süper Lig. His nickname is Butterfly which is given by Trabzonspor fans due to his incredible saves.
Club career.
Kivrak signed for Trabzonspor in 15 January 2014. He made his debut against Genclerbirligi.
International career.
Onur made his debut in the 2–0 friendly victory over Northern Ireland on 26 May 2010, having worked his way through the youth teams at U-16, U-17, U-18, U-19, and U-21 level.

</doc>
<doc id="19771116" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19771116" title="Wilcox County Courthouse Historic District">
Wilcox County Courthouse Historic District

The Wilcox County Courthouse Historic District is a historic district in Camden, Alabama. It follows an irregular pattern along Broad Street, centered on the Wilcox County Courthouse. The Wilcox County Courthouse was built in 1857 in the Greek Revival style and remains in use today. The district contains other examples of Greek Revival, Victorian, and vernacular styles of architecture. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on January 18, 1979.

</doc>
<doc id="19771127" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19771127" title="National Register of Historic Places listings in Columbia County, Washington">
National Register of Historic Places listings in Columbia County, Washington

National Register of Historic Places listings in Columbia County, Washington
List of entries on the National Register of Historic Places in Columbia County, Washington 

</doc>
<doc id="19771135" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19771135" title="Längfluh">
Längfluh

The Längfluh (also spelled "Längflue") is a rocky outcrop of the Pennine Alps, dividing the Fee Glacier above Saas Fee in the canton of Valais.
The Längfluh is accessible by cable car and is part of a ski area.

</doc>
<doc id="19771161" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19771161" title="Marita Fossum">
Marita Fossum

Marita Fossum (born 1965) is a Norwegian writer. Her literary debut was the novel "Verden utenfor" (2002). She was awarded the Brage Prize in 2005 for the novel "Forestill deg". 

</doc>
<doc id="19771183" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19771183" title="Piz de Groven">
Piz de Groven

Piz de Groven is a mountain of the Lepontine Alps, located between Selma and Lostallo in the Swiss canton of Graubünden. With an elevation of 2,694 metres above sea level, itis the highest summit of the chain south of Pass de Buffalora (2,261 metres).

</doc>
<doc id="19771184" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19771184" title="Otto Dix (band)">
Otto Dix (band)

Otto Dix is a Russian darkwave music trio. Named after the expressionist painter of the same name, they are notable for their androgynous singer, a countertenor male called Michael Draw.
The group's style.
Otto Dix is a darkwave group with EBM and industrial tunes. Draw calls their style “electronic avante-garde”. The songs' themes centre around postapocalyptic scenes, psychology, morals and BDSM. The group uses strident, hysterical melodies in their music, sounding in minor tonalities. Some melodies are similar to Dark Ambient. Every song has a tiny solo performance and original image which is made by music, lyrics, Draw’s movements and unusual vocal abilities.
History.
The musical band Otto Dix was formed in the summer of 2004 in Khabarovsk. The idea of the band and its name were introduced by Draw, who had participated in other bands before. At first, there was a third member who played the guitar. He introduced Draw to Slip, but some time later he left the band. Since then Otto Dix have been playing electronic music. Despite their European style, all songs are written in the Russian language. Draw believes that only the native language can fully express innermost thoughts.
Draw works as the centerpiece of the band and writes lyrics for their songs, and Slip composes music. Besides the band, they both write books and draw pictures. Their first appearance was on November 28, 2004. The band played only two songs (“White Dust” and “Penitence”). In 2004-2005 the band worked with the youth theatre "Paradigm of Time". Several articles about Otto Dix were published in the local press.
On the 3rd of July Otto Dix played their first concert away from their homecity in Amursk. A few months later they recorded their first album "Ego" and shot a music video in a desolate factory in Amursk. Draw was the stage manager. However, due to the deplorable conditions of the Far Eastern musical culture the band didn’t fit any company, so they decided to form their own one. In winter 2005-2006 the gothic club "Morion" and a gothic forum were created by Draw.
In spring 2006 the Otto Dix performed in Vladivostok and, together with the members of "Morion", shot a second video for the song “White Dust”. The video hit the first place in the Far Eastern underground charts. In summer 2006 the band moved to St. Petersburg and released the album "City". Soon after that a TV program about Otto Dix was broadcast in Khabarovsk.
On 27th August the first performance took place in St. Petersburg's Red Club. It was successful, and Otto Dix were invited to play with the Italian darkwave band Frozen Autumn. Soon afterwards the band went on a mini-tour in support of the new album. On 2nd March Otto Dix appeared in the TV program "Unbelievable, but true" on TNT. It gave a powerful stimulus to the band’s development. Since then the new subculture movement "stalker-goth" began.
In 2007 Otto Dix toured numerous Russian cities. They had a great number of concerts, and this made them different from other bands of the similar genre. The band published the literary anthology "City" and worked on the upcoming album. On 17th September their new clip "Metal Fatigue" was first shown on the A1 channel.
On 28th September the books "Fuel" by Draw and "I am Machine" by Slip were published, and within a small period of time the third album "Nuclear Winter" was recorded.
In 2007 the band became a trio. Peter Voronov (violin) first performed with Otto Dix on the 15th December. Then the band had the tour ‘Cyber VS Violin’.
In 2008 the book “Program error” by Draw was published. Otto Dix began a tour around CIS countries.
In 2009 Otto Dix recorded the album “Shadow Zone” and released the video “Dream of Spring”, which was assembled and composed by Draw. They went on a big tour which lasted for 5 months. Draw and Slip printed another two books: “Flesh and Steel” by Draw and “The man Infu” by Slip. On 30 May 2009 Otto Dix took part in Wave-Gotik-Treffen festival in Leipzig. The album “Starost” was released in Germany.
In 2010 the band went on their first anniversary tour, which included a performance at the "Castle Party" festival in Poland and a concert in Berlin. In the end of 2010 Otto Dix recorded the album "Wonderful Days", shot a video for the song "Beast" and went on a traditional tour in support of the new album.
On 20 April 2012 the first single of the band, "Utopia", was released.
On 7 September 2012 the sixth studio album, "Mortem", followed.
On 11 April 2013 the violinist Peter Voronov left Otto Dix. He explained his leave with his desire to focus on other musical projects and stated that in future his "participation will be possible in some concerts and recordings as a sessional musician".
On 12 November 2013 the video for the song "Anima" from the upcoming album was released.

</doc>
<doc id="19771194" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19771194" title="Fil de Dragiva">
Fil de Dragiva

Fil de Dragiva is a mountain of the Lepontine Alps, located between Rossa and Soazza, in the Swiss canton of Graubünden.

</doc>
<doc id="19771206" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19771206" title="Sur Sadan">
Sur Sadan

Sur Sadan is an auditorium on the M.G. Road in Sanjay Place, Agra. It is a well maintained auditorium and there are many cultural and other activities performed here on a regular basis.
The Agra Maha Nagar Palika's office is alongside the auditorium. Being in the center of the city gives it an added advantage. 

</doc>
<doc id="19771207" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19771207" title="Global Flying Hospitals">
Global Flying Hospitals

Global Flying Hospitals (GFH) is the humanitarian medical charity that is the Logistics Resource to the world's humanitarian medical charities. It was founded in 2001 by Neill Newton, to provide medical care in the Developing World. The charity delivers resources, equipment and supplies and transports volunteer medical professionals into regions requiring services with specialised aircraft, including the Boeing 747 Teaching Hospital, to serve residents in major cities. GFH has begun operations using commercial aircraft while the Boeing 747 is being refurbished. 
GFH has a similar working model as Orbis International, the flying eye hospital using a refurbished DC10 aircraft. Global Flying Hospitals is refurbishing a small fleet of aircraft, including a Boeing 747, to cater for a wider range of illnesses and operations. The 747 is being converted into a high technology surgical teaching hospital, undergirded by Hercules C-130 aeroplanes for transport of medical field clinics.
Online Medical Training.
GFH has developed an innovative medical training regime featuring medical procedures, available for the medical professionals in developing countries. This training focus is part of an intensive-immersion program to help raise countries to western standards, in order to establish them as self-sufficient and self-sustaining.
Restructuring.
Between September and December 2008, GFH was reorganised. Its planned operation hub in Malaysia, was closed because that country's Tekah Airport, which had been selected as a base, had a runway too short for the charity's aeroplanes.
West Palm Beach, Florida, USA, is the base for the USA Region Office and Macau SAR, China is the base for the Asia Region Head Office, overseered by the International CEO. Newton is the organisation's Chairman and Founder.
Asia Region Head Office.
In 2009, Global Flying Hospitals (Macau) Association was formed and received approval from the Macau SAR government. 
In November 2011, the office was opened and is building to be the Asia Region Head Office and Hub, that will manage all future Asian fundraising centers.
On January 11, 2012, Sofitel Luxury Hotels engaged as an alliance sponsor of Global Flying Hospitals, at a signing ceremony, attended by VIPs, the media and invited guests. With this alliance, the Sofitel Hotels throughout Asia invite guest to donate and support the charity. Dedicated brochures and an in-room television channel further promote the alliance.
Planned Forward Hubs.
The charity is currently working to open three operational bases; one in Ghana to serve West Africa, one in Bogotá, Colombia to serve South America and in Macau to serve South-East Asia, India and East Africa.

</doc>
<doc id="19771211" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19771211" title="École">
École

École may refer to:
Ecole may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19771214" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19771214" title="Piz de Trescolmen">
Piz de Trescolmen

Piz de Trescolmen is a mountain of the Lepontine Alps, situated in the canton of Graubünden, Switzerland. It has several summit: the highest at 2,652 metres and the southern at 2,581 metres. On its southern side it overlooks the Trescolmen Pass (2,161 m).

</doc>
<doc id="19771227" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19771227" title="Piz Pian Grand">
Piz Pian Grand

Piz Pian Grand is a mountain of the Lepontine Alps, situated between the Val Calanca and the Mesolcina in the Swiss canton of Graubünden.

</doc>
<doc id="19771229" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19771229" title="1901 Tennessee Volunteers football team">
1901 Tennessee Volunteers football team

The 1901 Tennessee Volunteers football team represented the University of Tennessee in the 1901 college football season. George Kelley served his only season as head coach. The Volunteers went 3–3–2. 

</doc>
<doc id="19771237" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19771237" title="The Moor's Pavane">
The Moor's Pavane

"The Moor's Pavane" is a 20-minute ballet based upon the tragedy "Othello" by William Shakespeare. The ballet was choreographed by José Limón to music arranged by Simon Sadoff from Henry Purcell's "Abdelazer", "The Gordion Knot Untied", and the pavane from "Pavane and Chaconne for Strings". The ballet's four dancers represent The Moor, Desdemona, Iago, and Emilia. The work premiered at the Connecticut College American Dance Festival in 1949. American Ballet Theatre was the first company outside Limon's company to include the work in its repertory. Notable interpreters of the Moor include Rudolf Nureyev.

</doc>
<doc id="19771239" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19771239" title="I Rodond">
I Rodond

I Rodond is a mountain of the Swiss Lepontine Alps, located west of San Bernardino in the canton of Graubünden. It lies north of the Pass di Passit, on the range between Val Calanca and Val Mesolcina.

</doc>
<doc id="19771246" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19771246" title="Field v. Google">
Field v. Google

Field v. Google, Inc., is a case where Google Inc. successfully defended a lawsuit for copyright infringement. Field argued that Google infringed his exclusive right to reproduce his copyrighted works when it "cached" his website and made a copy of it available on its search engine. Google raised multiple defenses: fair use, implied license, estoppel, and Digital Millennium Copyright Act safe harbor protection. The court granted Google's motion for summary judgment and denied Field's motion for summary judgment.
Background.
The plaintiff, Blake Field, is an attorney, author, and member of the State Bar of Nevada. On April 6, 2004, Field filed a complaint against Google asserting a single claim for copyright infringement due to Google's alleged copying and distributing one of his works ("Good Tea") that he had previously published on his personal website, www.blakeswriting.com. On May 25, 2004, Field filed an Amended Complaint, stating that Google had infringed on an additional 50 works published by Field on his personal website.
Field sought $2,550,000 in statutory damages ($50,000 for each of the 51 registered copyrighted works) in conjunction with injunctive relief.
The defendant, Google, operates a popular search engine. To enable users to search billions of websites, Google uses an automated program called the "Googlebot." This program crawls the internet looking for new sites to include in its index. Once a site is found the Googlebot creates a "cached" version of the site. The cached version is then included in the search results of its search engine. When a user clicks the link to the cached version, the user can view a "snapshot" of the page as it appeared at the time the Googlebot found the site.
Website creators have the option of preventing the Googlebot from indexing their sites by including a simple code in the HTML. In addition, websites can include code that allows the site to be included in Google's index, but that prevents Google from caching the website.
Field had actual knowledge of the Googlebot. He also was aware of the ways to prevent Google from either listing his site at all or listing it but not providing a link to the cached version. Instead of opting out, however, he chose to allow Google to both index and provide a link to the cached version.
Ruling.
The District Court, Jones, J., held that:
Summary judgment for operator.
The court held that "Field decided to manufacture a claim for copyright infringement against Google in the hopes of making-money from Google's standard practice." The court then went on to rule in Google's favor on all of its defense theories.
Direct infringement.
The court relied on two prior cases ("Religious Tech. Ctr. v. Netcom On-Line Comm'n Services Inc." and "CoStar Group Inc. v. LoopNet, Inc.") and held that "volitional conduct on the part of the defendant" is required for a showing of direct infringement. In this case, "Google is passive in the process." "Google's computers respond automatically to the user's request." Thus, there was no volitional conduct on Google's behalf and hence no direct infringement.
Implied license.
Courts usually do not require a copyright holder to affirmatively take steps to prevent infringement. In this case, however, the court found that the plaintiff had granted Google an implied, nonexclusive license to display the work because of Field’s failure in using meta tags to prevent his site from being cached by Google. This could reasonably be interpreted as a grant of a license for that use and so the courts held that a license for Google to cache the site was implied because Field failed to take the necessary steps when setting up his website.
Estoppel.
The court invoked the facts supporting its finding of an implied license to support and reiterate that Field could have prevented the caching, did not do so, and allowed Google to detrimentally rely on the absence of metatags. Had Google known the defendant’s objection to displaying cached versions of its website, it would not have done so.
Fair use.
The court applied the 4 statutory factors from 17 U.S.C. 107 and held that Google's caching was fair use. The first factor, "the purpose and character of the use" weighed in Google's favor. The court stated that Google's use was transformative and did not merely supersede Fields use. The court explained that Fields use was to enrich the lives of others through poetry, while Google's use was to facilitate the operation of search engines. The court identified multiple characteristics that distinguished Google's use from Fields including: 
The court further held that Google's commercial status was of little importance because the Google's use was transformative.
The second factor, "the nature of the copyrighted works" also weighed in favor of Google because the works were available for free on Field's website.
The third factor, "the amount and substantiality of the use" weighed equally for both parties. Although Google cached the entire website, the fact that Field made the works available on his website and the difference in the use of the two made this factor neutral.
The fourth factor, "the effect of the use upon the potential market for or value of the copyrighted work" weighed in favor of Google. There was no market for Field's works and the caching did not impact any potential market for his works.
The court considered an additional factor, "Google's good faith in operating its system cache," which favored fair use. Google used industry standard procedures that allowed website operators to prevent caching. Google promptly removed the caches to Field's work when it learned that Field did not want them.
DMCA safe harbor.
Finally, the court held that Google qualified for the Digital Millennium Copyright Act's safe harbor provisions, which states that “ service provider shall not be liable for monetary relief . . . for infringement of copyright by reason of the intermediate and temporary storage of material on a system or network controlled or operated by or for the service provider.”

</doc>
<doc id="19771248" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19771248" title="Piz de Mucia">
Piz de Mucia

Piz de Mucia is a mountain of the Swiss Lepontine Alps, overlooking San Bernardino in the canton of Graubünden. It lies south-east of the Zapporthorn, between the valleys of Calanca and Mesolcina.

</doc>
<doc id="19771253" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19771253" title="Inger Elisabeth Hansen">
Inger Elisabeth Hansen

Inger Elisabeth Hansen (born 1950) is a Norwegian lyricist and translator. Her poetry collection "Trask" was awarded the Brage Prize in 2003 and nominated for the Nordic Council's Literature Prize in 2004. An extensive selection of her poetry in Spanish will be published by Bartleby in 2010.
In addition to writing her own poetry she has translated Cesar Vallejo, Juan Gelman, Rosario Castellanos and other Spanish and Latin-American poets into Norwegian, as well as Maryam Azimi and Märta Tikkanen. She has also taught Spanish-language literature at the University of Oslo and served as president of the Norwegian Writers' Union from 1997 to 1999. 

</doc>
<doc id="19771256" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19771256" title="Piz de la Lumbreida">
Piz de la Lumbreida

Piz de la Lumbreida is a mountain of the Lepontine Alps, overlooking San Bernardino in the canton of Graubünden.

</doc>
<doc id="19771283" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19771283" title="Piz Uccello">
Piz Uccello

Piz Uccello is a mountain of the Swiss Lepontine Alps, overlooking the San Bernardino Pass in the canton of Graubünden. It lies on the range culminating at the Einshorn.

</doc>
<doc id="19771284" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19771284" title="Jiangxia">
Jiangxia

Jiangxia may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19771299" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19771299" title="1937 Tschammerpokal">
1937 Tschammerpokal

The 1937 Tschammerpokal was the 3rd season of the competition. In the final which was held on 9 January 1938 in the Müngersdorfer Stadion (Cologne) Schalke 04 defeated Fortuna Düsseldorf, 2–1. It was Schalke's third consecutive appearance in the final and their first victory in the cup.

</doc>
<doc id="19771307" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19771307" title="Tony Strickland">
Tony Strickland

Anthony A. "Tony" Strickland (born February 17, 1970) is a former California State Senator, he represented the 19th District from 2008-2012. Strickland is a member of the Republican Party and a former Assemblyman, representing the 37th District from 1998 to 2004.
Early life, education, and early political career.
Strickland was born at Fort Ord, California, when his father, Don, was stationed there as a soldier in the United States Army. Don Strickland met his wife, Antonie, when he was stationed in Germany. Don and Antonie Strickland moved to Ventura County with their son Tony in 1973. Strickland earned his Bachelor of Arts in political science at Whittier College, where he earned the Leadership and Service Award and was a Nixon Scholar.
From 1996 to 1997, Strickland served as Chief of Staff to then-Assemblyman Tom McClintock (now a Congressman).
California Assembly.
Elections.
Strickland was first elected to the Assembly in 1998 with 49% of the vote in a three-way race. He was re-elected in 2000 with 51% of the vote again in a three-way race. He was re-elected to a third term with 63.1% of the vote in 2002. Term limits prevented Strickland from seeking a fourth term in 2004. Audra Strickland, his wife, decided to run for the seat and won (she was re-elected in 2006 and 2008).
Committee assignments.
During his time in the Assembly, Strickland was Chairman of the Assembly Republican Caucus, the second-highest ranking position for a Republican in the Assembly. During his three terms, he was also Vice Chairman of the Assembly Governmental Organization Committee and was also a member of the Assembly Committees on Banking and Finance; Elections, Redistricting, and Constitutional Amendments; Higher Education; and Arts, Entertainment, Sports, Tourism, and Internet Media;. In addition, he served on the Assembly Republican Education Reform Task Force, which developed a number of education reform proposals that were rejected.
2006 run for State Controller.
In 2006 Strickland ran for State Controller. He won 41% of the vote in a four-way primary, besting State Senator Abel Maldonado, his nearest opponent, who received 37.0% of the vote. Strickland was defeated by John Chiang in the general election by a 50.7%-40.2% margin.
California Senate.
2008 Election.
Strickland ran in California's 19th district against the Democratic nominee, former state Assemblywoman Hannah-Beth Jackson. Senate District 19 includes areas of Ventura, Santa Barbara, and Los Angeles Counties. The race was highly competitive and the closest state Senate race in California that year. 
The race was also contentious, with critics of Strickland upset at his alleged misrepresentations of his business background. On various campaign literature, the Strickland campaign portrayed Strickland as a vice president of Green Wave Energy Solutions, LLC—even though Strickland has worked in politics his entire adult life, and Green Wave Energy Solutions LLC has not done any business in California.
Jackson conceded just five days before Strickland was sworn into the Senate. He had won the election by 900 votes. With Tony Strickland's 2008 election to the State Senate and his wife, Audra, simultaneously winning re-election to the State Assembly, the Stricklands became the second husband and wife to serve concurrently in the California State Legislature (after Senator George Runner and Assemblywoman Sharon Runner).
2010 State Controller election.
In the June 2010 primary, Strickland won 60% of the vote to gain the Republican nomination for State Controller, setting up a rematch of the 2006 Controller election between Strickland and Chiang, who was unopposed in his bid for the Democratic nomination for re-election as State Controller. In the general election, Strickland lost again to Chiang, this time by a wider margin: Chiang received 55% of the vote, while Strickland received 36%.
2012 congressional election.
In January 2012, Strickland announced his candidacy in the newly redrawn California's 26th congressional district, based in Ventura County. Strickland was defeated by Democrat Julia Brownley on November 6, 2012.
Controversies.
In December 1999, Tony Strickland was sued by the secretary of state over failure to report $116,140 in late contributions, a violation of the Political Reform Act of 1974. It resulted in a fine of $6,000.
In April 2010 the California Fair Political Practices Commission handed down a decision that Tony Strickland and Strickland for State Senate, a member of the California State Senate, and his candidate-controlled committee sent out a mass mailing without the name of the committee on the outside of the mailing resulting in $3,000 fine from the California Fair Political Practices Commission.
Personal life.
Strickland married his wife, future Assemblywoman Audra Strickland, on October 12, 1997. They have one daughter, Ruby Ruth, and one son, Anthony Paul.

</doc>
<doc id="19771312" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19771312" title="Marscholhorn">
Marscholhorn

The Marscholhorn (also known as "Piz Moesola") is a mountain of the Swiss Lepontine Alps, overlooking the San Bernardino Pass in the canton of Graubünden. It lies at the eastern end of the range between the Hinterrhein valley and the Mesolcina, east of the Zapporthorn.

</doc>
<doc id="19771318" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19771318" title="Prajogo Pangestu">
Prajogo Pangestu

Prajogo Pangestu () Born in 1944 is an Indonesian business magnate, investor, and philanthropist of Hakka Chinese origin. He owns and founded Barito Pacific Group which engages in forestry, petrochemicals, property, plantation, oil and gas, coal and gold mining, as well as geothermal. Pangestu has been ranked by Forbes Indonesia as one of the richest people in Indonesia. 
In the 1970s, he traded timber in Kalimantan. One of the companies controlled by Prajogo, PT Barito Pacific Timber, as of 1993 was the largest company on the Jakarta Stock Exchange.
In 2007, PT Barito Pacific Timber Tbk decided to drop the word "Timber" to reflect the diversified scope of its businesses today and in the future.

</doc>
<doc id="19771325" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19771325" title="Einshorn">
Einshorn

The Einshorn is a mountain of the Lepontine Alps, overlooking Hinterrhein in the Swiss canton of Graubünden.
Thousands of people can see the peak from the Swiss A13 motorway and will never know its name as it is just anonther mountain here. Astonishingly, it looks very much like "Pizzo Ucello" that can be seen from the southern entrance into the San Bernardino tunnel (which made a year round opening of the road possible from 1967), and many people think, that they saw the same mountain twice - before and after the tunnel. They actually form a ridge together but only one each can be seen from each side.
Before the construction of the tunnel, both passes from Splügen, the Splügen Pass and the San Bernardino Pass passing under Einshorn were similarly important but nowadays only one of them, San Bernardino, is open during winter. In ancient times, Splügen Pass was the more important connection. Thanks to its lack of importance it is now a quiet pass where essential portions of the historical roads and paths have survived allowing a good historical review for hikers on "Via Spluga". 
Parallel to the Splügen Pass route and directly under Einshorn lies Val Curciusa, a very remote valley compared to most alpine valleys as there is absolutely no road into it and besides some huts for grazing aninmals no traces from this highly industrialized and densely populated country. 
The peak can be reached from south on a Swiss grade T5, which requests experience in hiking and an absence of Acrophobia to a high degree.

</doc>
<doc id="19771335" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19771335" title="Babylon Istanbul">
Babylon Istanbul

Babylon Istanbul is a music venue located in Istanbul, Turkey. It was opened by Pozitif on April 23, 1999 with a concert by John Lurie & the Lounge Lizards.
In 2010, Babylon launched its Lounge restaurant, which is located just a street behind the main venue. They started "happy hours", warm-ups and after parties hosted by various DJs, before and after the concerts in Babylon. In earlier hours before the concerts, the audience can have a sit in the restaurant and have a dinner.
Since then, the venue in Beyoğlu has hosted hundreds of bands and over 1,500 concerts. The venue can accommodate 450 standing or 350 tables & standing audience.
Babylon's past hosted acts include: Patti Smith & Band, Marianne Faithfull, Of Montreal, The National, Roy Ayers, Omara Portuondo, Jane Birkin, Gotan Project, Matthew Herbert, Balkan Beat Box, Michael Franti & Spearhead, Meshell Ndegeocello, İlhan Erşahin’s Wax Poetic featuring Norah Jones, Elbow, Stereolab, Mouse on Mars, Rachid Taha, Natacha Atlas, Mulatu Astatke, Seu Jorge & Almaz, Ed Harcourt, Wax Tailor, Bomba Estereo, Tindersticks, US3, Roberto Fonseca, Efterklang, Lou Rhodes, Hercules & Love Affair, Sophie Ellis Bextor, Manu Chao, Buzzcocks, Lee Scratch Perry.
Some of the artists, who performed in Babylon are:
• Rock / Indie: Patti Smith, Broken Social Scene, Marianne Faithfull, The National, Of Montreal, Fujiya & Miyagi, Caribou, Jens Lekman, Sebadoh, Zita Swoon, Art Brut, Elbow, Ed Harcourt (with Sean Parker), Stereolab, Cat Power, Brazzaville, Rubin Steiner, Chicks on Speed, Easy Star All Stars, Tunng, Piano Magic, Infadels, Art Brut, Zola Jesus, Fenech-Soler, Guillemots, Wild Beasts, The Maccabees, No Age, Milow, Athlete, Seether, Kill It Kid, Little Fish, Summer Camp, Erlend Oye, Errors, Shearwater, Woodkid, The Big Pink.
• Electronica: Acid Symphony Orchestra, Uffie&DJ Feadz, Amon Tobin, Mouse on Mars, Plaid, Scanner, Swayzak, Bent, Tortured Soul, Buscemi, Dani Scilliano, Metro Area, Freaks, Pantha du Prince, FM Belfast; Four Tet, Rubin Steiner, Annie, Lali Puna, Au Revoir Simone, The Field, Telefon Tel Aviv, Alterego, Mike Paradinas, Luke Vibert, Luomo, Console, Merzbow, To Rocoto Rot, Chicks on Speed Curry & Coco, Ikonika, Gold Panda, Chinawoman, Rustie, Death in Vegas, Martyn.
• DJs: Afrika Bambaata, Grandmaster Flash, Kruder & Dorfmeister, Gilles Peterson, Mark Farina, Hot Chip, Tiefschwarz, Joakim, Alter Ego, Kraak & Smaak, DJ Mehdi, Gus Gus, Ian Pooley, Kid Loco, DJ Patilife, Asia Argento; Goldie, Andrew Wheatherall, Modeselektor, Mehdi, Peaches, Joakim, Yoda, Pilooski, Birdy Nam Nam, Coldcut, Rainer Truby Mousse T., Justus Köhncke, Apparat Band, Dominik Eulberg, The Gaslamp Killer; Kode 9.
• Jazz: Mike Stern, Courtney Pine, Jane Birkin, Nguyen Le, Alice Russell, Roy Ayers, Gwyneth Herbert, Ray Anderson, Bill Frisell, Jimmy Scott, Stacey Kent, Soullive, Marc Ribot, Ron Carter, Terri Callier, Nils Peter Molvaer, Courtney Pine, Nigel Kennedy, The Bad Plus, Five Corners Quintet, The Ray Gelato Giants, Club Des Belugas, Carmen Souza, Andreya Triana, Ben L’Oncle Soul.
• Nu Jazz & Jazz Dance: Bonobo, Nostalgia 77, Gotan Project, Matthew Herbert, Belleruche, Five Corners Quintet, Erik Truffaz, Jimi Tenor, Groove Collective, Nojazz, De Phazz, The Spooks, De Lata, Brooklyn Funk Essentials, Ursula Rucker, Nouvelle Vague, Jose James, Guru’s Jazzmatazz, Incognito, Hypnotic Brass Ensemble, Little Dragon, Alice Russell, Wax Poetic, Bugge Wesseltoft, Koop.
• Latin/Brazilian: Omara Portuondo, Poncho Sanchez, Daniel Melingo, Eddie Palmieri, Omar Sosa, Orishas, Azymuth, Los de Abajo, Gotan Project, Natacha Atlas, Balkan Beat Box, Rachid Taha, Horace Andy, Oi Va Voi, Shantel, Talvin Singh, Esma Redzepova.

</doc>
<doc id="19771352" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19771352" title="Guggernüll">
Guggernüll

The Guggernüll is a mountain of the Swiss Lepontine Alps, overlooking Nufenen in the canton of Graubünden. It lies north of Pizzo Tambo.

</doc>
<doc id="19771355" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19771355" title="Martin Michael Johnson">
Martin Michael Johnson

Martin Michael Johnson (March 18, 1899 – January 29, 1975) was the Bishop of Nelson, British Columbia, Canada for 18 years. He then became Archbishop of the Archdiocese of Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada from 1964 to 1969.
Curriculum Vitae.
Martin Johnson was born on March 18, 1899, in Toronto, Ontario, Canada.
Ordination.
In 1924, Martin Johnson became a priest, in Diocese of Nelson, British Columbia, Canada.
Consecration.
In 1936, Martin Johnson became consecrated as bishop and became Bishop of Nelson. In 1954 he became Coadjutor Archbishop of Vancouver and then was appointed as Archbishop of Vancouver in 1964 and retired in 1969.
Martin Johnson died on January 29, 1975, as Archbishop Emeritus of Vancouver.
Notes.
Johnson is noted for being a great organizer & fundraiser. He centralized Catholic services and restructured Catholic education.
He was also the first Bishop of the new Diocese of Nelson, British Columbia.

</doc>
<doc id="19771367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19771367" title="Lake Wood (Philippines)">
Lake Wood (Philippines)

Lake Wood is a lake located in the province of Zamboanga del Sur in Mindanao island, southern Philippines.

</doc>
<doc id="19771371" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19771371" title="Mawsoniidae">
Mawsoniidae

Mawsoniidae is an extinct family of prehistoric coelacanth fishes which lived during the Triassic to Cretaceous period.

</doc>
<doc id="19771385" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19771385" title="Torrone di Nav">
Torrone di Nav

The Torrone di Nav is a mountain of the Swiss Lepontine Alps, located east of Olivone in the canton of Ticino. On its northern side it overlooks the lake of Luzzone.

</doc>
<doc id="19771389" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19771389" title="Zgornje Gorje">
Zgornje Gorje

Zgornje Gorje () is a village and the administrative centre of the Municipality of Gorje in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.
Church.
The parish church in the village is dedicated to Saint George. There are two monuments designed by Jože Plečnik here: a monument to villagers that died in the Second World War and a private grave monument to the Košir family.
Notable people.
Notable people that were born or lived in Zgornje Gorje include:

</doc>
<doc id="19771398" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19771398" title="Ecole Software">
Ecole Software

Ecole Software (株式会社エコールソフトウェア ECOLE SOFTWARE CORPORATION) is a Japanese video game developer/publisher.
Games developed.
In Development

</doc>
<doc id="19771400" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19771400" title="Cima di Pinadee">
Cima di Pinadee

Cima di Pinadee is a mountain of the Swiss Lepontine Alps, located east of Olivone in the canton of Ticino. It lies between the Valle di Blenio and the Val di Carassino, north of the Passo di Piotta.

</doc>
<doc id="19771404" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19771404" title="Nahariya Hospital for the Western Galilee">
Nahariya Hospital for the Western Galilee

The Western Galilee Hospital () is a hospital located in the coastal city of Nahariya and is the second largest hospital in northern Israel (after Rambam Hospital in Haifa). It was established in 1956.
The hospital located on the outskirts of Nahariya, three kilometers from the city center, serving half a million residents of the western Galilee, from Karmiel to the coast. 
History.
Since its modest beginning as a small maternity hospital, The WGH has grown into a 651-bed facility. The emergency room receives about 400 people every day and the number of hospitalizations is about 60,000 a year. Approximately 420 physicians practice in this government owned hospital, while the total number of employees is about 2200. The hospital staff is a reflection of the multi-ethnic demography of the Western Galilee, consisting of Jews, Muslims, Christians, Druze and others. In 2007, the Western Galilee Hospital was the first to appoint an Arab Israeli, Dr. Masad Barhoum, as its director.
Before 2000, approximately one-third of the patients in the ophthalmology department were Lebanese citizens who crossed the border through the Good Fence and received treatment free of charge. 
In summer of 2006, during the 2006 Lebanon War, the hospital handled the largest number of casualties in Israel. During the month-long war, some 1,800 civilians and 300 airlifted IDF soldiers were treated there. During this time, the hospital took a direct hit that destroyed an outer wall and eight rooms. Since then, the hospital has built an underground emergency room, partly funded by overseas donors.

</doc>
<doc id="19771407" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19771407" title="Colors in Thirty-Third">
Colors in Thirty-Third

Colors in Thirty-Third is an album by Muhal Richard Abrams released on the Italian Black Saint label in 1987 and featuring performances of seven of Abrams' compositions by Abrams, John Blake, John Purcell, Dave Holland, Fred Hopkins and Andrew Cyrille.
Reception.
The Allmusic review awarded the album 4 stars stating "Muhal Richard Abrams constantly varied the lineups on the seven numbers that comprised this 1986 session, alternating between trio, quartet, quintet and sextet pieces... Abrams as usual was an inspiring force as an instrumentalist and conceptualist". The Penguin Guide to Jazz awarded the album 3 stars stating "This might be thought to be Purcell's finest hour, but everyone contributes. The basic personnel divides into trio, quartet, quintet, and for the title peice and the significantly named "Introspection"; full sextet".
Track listing.
"All compositions by Muhal Richard Abrams"

</doc>
<doc id="19771409" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19771409" title="Pseudacraea">
Pseudacraea

Pseudacraea is an Afrotropical butterfly genus in the subfamily Limenitidinae. Their placement in the tribe Limenitidini remains to be verified.
Some of these species are mimics of Acraeinae and the present genus is thus known as false acraeas.
Species.
Listed alphabetically.

</doc>
<doc id="19771410" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19771410" title="Howard Graham (entrepreneur)">
Howard Graham (entrepreneur)

Howard Graham BSc FCA FIoD FPC is an accountant, entrepreneur, and businessman.
Biography.
After qualifying with top-20 firm Clark Whitehill in 1983 as an accountant, Graham joined Westbury Accountants in 1985, where he has remained since, becoming a partner in 1987. Graham is a fellow of the Institute of Chartered Accountants and also a member of the IT faculty. He managed the practice's financial-services division, during which time he successfully completed the FPC qualification. Graham founded The Made Simple Group in 2002 for which he became a finalist of "Business Person of the Year" in 2007. Graham is actively involved in the local business community - being a founding member of Clerkenwell BNI - and also a regular speaker at business events, having regularly appeared on the "Midas Touch" panel at the Business Start up Show with "Dragons" Peter Jones and Rachel Elnaugh. Graham also readily shares his experiences with start-up businesses
on the BBC's Small Business Panel of Experts.
Westbury Accountants.
Westbury Accountants offer accountancy services across a range of industry verticals; Corporate, Art, Charity, Retail and Restaurants and Catering. Clients have included Pizza Express; KFC; Masterchef's Gregg Wallace
Graham's main area of professional involvement has been in the area of financial and business development; focusing on strategy and planning. He is a member of the Institute of Chartered Accountants Faculty of Information Technology and also holds the Financial Planning Certificate from the Chartered Insurance Institute.
The Made Simple Group.
MSG is home to a range of business entities dedicated to providing online business solutions to the start-up and small business communities. Founded in the UK in 2002, the MSG strategy is to deliver low-cost effective products and services to the start up and small business communities throughout Europe. There are now in excess of 11 websites within the group.
The Made Simple Group was awarded ' Best Use of the Internet' by Accountancy Age in 2006.
The Made Simple Group and Google.
The Made Simple Group joined Google Adwords as a co-marketing partner in 2007. For Graham, the appeal of using Google Adwords to a Chartered Accountant was obvious; it allowed him to grow his business online while measuring the revenue spent and generated. As Graham increasingly recognized the incremental value Ad words had added to his business, he decided to extend his partnership with Google further; offering every new company formed an Ad words Voucher As recognition of the innovative way Graham has integrated Ad word’s into his broader marketing strategy, Google made the Made Simple Group a case study in September 2007. and Graham believes there is a lot more the Made Simple Group and Google can do together:" I believe there is a lot more we can do together, and I look forward to expanding the Adword's vouchers into other services throughout of sites in the near future."
Gregg's Veg.
Graham co-founded Secrett’s Direct and Gregg's Veg -a fruit and vegetable website and farm - with Gregg Wallace of Masterchef fame. Gregg's Veg supplies fruit and vegetables to the hotel and restaurant industry - including Le Caprice, Le Gavroche and Gordon Ramsay at Hospital Road
Wallace & Co.
Howard Graham is a director and founding shareholder in conjunction with Justin Carter and Vernon Mascarenhas together with Gregg Wallace of "MasterChef" fame in a new venture Wallace & Co, a cafe/restaurant based in Putney which launched in January 2010. Described as an English Carluccio’s the business concept is based on the provision of fresh, seasonal produce cooked well in a great setting and as View London described it “... with its varied menu and cosy, comfortable interior, this is pretty much everything you could want in a local cafe. Masterchef or no Masterchef, Wallace and Co is a winner”
Other Business Interests.
Howard Graham is also a director, founder and investor in Bizzbug as well as being an investor in Fillaball, the company behind the design of the new Rubik 360 game.
Business Philosophy.
Graham attributes his success to the entrepreneurial philosophy: 'Let's try it and see what happens'
Personal life.
Howard is married to Lesley and has two children, Claudia aged 24 and the rather impressive Jonathan, recently turned 22. The family live in North London. His interests include sports; particularly football - he has been an avid Chelsea FC fan and season ticket holder for forty years. He is also a keen cricket fan; being both a member of the MCC and the Lord's Taverners. Other interests include most sports, bridge, theatre, music and reading and spending time in Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="19771428" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19771428" title="Niels Fredrik Dahl">
Niels Fredrik Dahl

Niels Fredrik Dahl (born 11 May 1957) is a Norwegian novelist, lyricist and dramatist. He was awarded the Brage Prize in 2002 for the novel "På vei til en venn". He has also written scripts for TV series. Dahl is married to author and journalist Linn Ullmann.

</doc>
<doc id="19771434" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19771434" title="Schlüechtli">
Schlüechtli

The Schlüechtli is a mountain of the Swiss Lepontine Alps, situated south of Versam in the canton of Graubünden. It lies between the valleys of Turischtobel and Safien, approximately 5 kilometres south of the anterior Rhine.

</doc>
<doc id="19771440" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19771440" title="Bikash Bhattacharjee">
Bikash Bhattacharjee

Bikash Bhatacharjee (21 June 1940 – 18 December 2006) was an Indian painter from Kolkata in West Bengal. Through his paintings, he depicted the life of the average middle-class Bengali - their aspirations, superstitions, hypocrisy and corruption, and even the violence that is endemic to Kolkata. He worked in oils, acrylics, water-colours, conté and collage. In 2003, he was awarded the highest award of Lalit Kala Akademi, India's National Academy of Arts, the Lalit Kala Akademi Fellowship.
Early life.
Bhattacharjee was born in Kolkata 1940. At a very early age he lost his father. The consequent struggle for survival left him with a deep sense of insecurity as well as an empathy for the under-privileged, who often feature in his works.
In 1963, he graduated with a Diploma in Fine Arts from Indian College of Art and Draftsmanship.
Bikash lived in Kolkata all his life.
Teaching career.
Bhttacharjee taught at Indian College of Art and Draftsmanship from 1968 to 1972. He taught at the Government College of Art & Craft, Kolkata from 1973 to 1982. In 1964, he became a member of the Society of Contemporary Artists.
Painting career.
His first solo exhibition was at Kolkata in 1965. His paintings were exhibited outside India; he had shows in 1969 at Paris; between 1970 and 72 in Yugoslavia, Czechoslovakia, Romania and Hungary; in London in 1982; and in New York in 1985.
He achieved commercial success early in life with his Doll Series in the 1960s, which was later followed by the Durga Series. In the 1980s, Bhttacharjee painted illustrations for a novel on the life of Ram Kinker Baij, a great artist of the past. The novel, written by Bengali novelist Samaresh Basu, was never completed because of the death of the author, but Bhttacharjee's works for the book were some of his best.
Bhttacharjee often painted in a realistic style. He painted portraits of Tagore, Satyajit Ray, and Samaresh Basu. His portrait of Indira Gandhi, with a blurred and white face, was painted after her murder. He produced a series of works about the Naxal movement and a group of paintings of prostitutes.
Bikash had inspired a host of painters in India including Sanjay Bhattacharya, a realistic painter from Bengal.
Style.
Bikash Bhattacharya is credited with bringing realism back to Indian art at a time when artists in India were leaning more towards distortion of figures and abstraction.
Besides painting the city and its people that he knew so well, Bhattacharjee was an accomplished portrait painter. Realism was Bhattacharjee's forte; his oil paintings could depict the exact quality of drapery or the skin tone of a woman. He achieved mastery in capturing the quality of light.
Bhattacharjee achieved an enigmatic quality in his paintings that works on many levels from the visual to the subconscious. Subject matter included depictions of the female form, and people of all ages and situations—old men and women, children, domestic help. He had the ability to create an authentic milieu as a background to the characters to heighten the drama.
Bikash had been deeply influenced by the surrealists, and stated that Salvador Dalí was his favourite painter.
Personal life.
In 2000, Bhattacharjee suffered a paralytic stroke that left him paralysed and unable to paint. He died in a Kolkata nursing home on 18 December 2006 following a prolonged illness. He was survived by his wife Parbati, a son, and a daughter.
Galleries.
His paintings can be found in the following galleries:

</doc>
<doc id="19771442" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19771442" title="Grevillea montis-cole">
Grevillea montis-cole

Grevillea montis-cole is a shrub which is endemic to central-western Victoria, Australia. It has similarities in appearance to "Grevillea microstegia", "Grevillea floripendula" and "Grevillea aquifolium" but has larger floral bracts. The flowers, which appear between October and March in its native range, have greenish to fawn perianths and red styles. 
The species was first formally described in "Muelleria" in 1983. 
There are two recognised subspecies: 

</doc>
<doc id="19771446" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19771446" title="European Alliance">
European Alliance

European Alliance a Political party in Republic of Kosovo supports Independence for Kosovo and EU Integration. This means the EUA:European alliance wants Kosovo to be a full UN and EU member by 2011. The leader of this party, Merlin Harrington (German -Albanian), is a pro-Euro Kosovo. The party is in coalition with the LDK and PDK and Kosovar Party. They won 34% in elections.
European Alliance : EUA
Democratic League of Kosovo: LDK
Democratic Party of Kosovo: PDK
Kosovar Party :KVP

</doc>
<doc id="19771451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19771451" title="Piz Riein">
Piz Riein

Piz Riein is a mountain of the Lepontine Alps, situated south-east of Ilanz in the canton of Graubünden. It lies on the range between the valleys of Lumnezia and Safien, named "Cadeina dil Signina".

</doc>
<doc id="19771453" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19771453" title="Kosovar Party">
Kosovar Party

The Kosovar Party is a political party in Kosovo. The leader is Aden Rugova . The party is in coalition with the ORA Party and Liberal Party of Kosovo. They won 10% of votes in the last election.

</doc>
<doc id="19771463" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19771463" title="Piz Fess">
Piz Fess

Piz Fess is a mountain of the Lepontine Alps, situated between the valleys of Val Lumnezia and Safiental in the canton of Graubünden. Piz Fess is the culminating point of the Signina range (Romansh: "Cadeina dil Signina"). 
The mountain has two summits, a gentle summit named the "Guter Fess" ("Good Fess"; 2,874 m) and a not so gentle one named "Böser Fess" ("Angry Fess"; 2,880 m). In 1894 the pinnacle was still described as unclimbable, but the next summer Karl Viescher from Basel and the local guides Wieland Wieland and J. Christoffel reached the sharp summit. 

</doc>
<doc id="19771478" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19771478" title="Oomoto Shin'yu">
Oomoto Shin'yu

The "Oomoto Shin'yu" (大本神諭) is a sacred scripture of Oomoto, a Japanese new religion founded in 1892 by Deguchi Nao.
The original manuscript was called by Nao "Ofudesaki" or "Ofudegaki". Encompassing roughly 200,000 pages of Japanese paper, it is written entirely in uneven hiragana which even Oomoto followers regard as unskilled. It is claimed that Deguchi was illiterate, and that the text is an emanation of a powerful kami named Ushitora no Konjin. When Nao began to produce this document, people thought she was insane. But in 1892 she predicted the First Sino-Japanese War two years before it happened. When the war broke out, people began to take her more seriously.
The modern publication of the "Ofudesaki" by the Oomoto organization is called "Oomoto Shin'yu". There are a number of issues with this publication. Since the original contained prophecies of war with America and attacks on the Emperor, the text was heavily censored, and no version survives without the censor's black marks. It is suspected that a military official had a hand in its editing, against Nao's specific request. Oddly, one of the original verses read, "Not a single word of this writing is inaccurate," which seems to preclude editing.

</doc>
<doc id="19771479" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19771479" title="Jim Porter">
Jim Porter

Jim Porter (born in Sydney, New South Wales) is an Australian former rugby league footballer of the 1970s. He played club football in the New South Wales Rugby Football League premiership with the Eastern Suburbs Roosters (with whom he won the 1974 premiership) and the Parramatta Eels, as well as representative football for the Australian national team (with whom he won the 1975 World Cup) as well as an appearance for NSW City in 1974. Porter's position of choice was on the wing, primarily on the left wing
Porter started playing first grade in the NSWRFL for Easts in 1970. He played with them in the loss to Manly-Warringah in the 1972 Grand Final. Porter played in the successful Roosters side in the 1974 Grand Final however, before moving to Parramatta the following season. In 1975 he played for the Australian side which won the World Cup on points standing at the end of the tournament. The following year he scored a try in Parramatta's loss to Manly in the 1976 Grand Final. Then in 1977 Porter played in the drawn grand final against St. George as well as the re-match, which was also his last first grade game in the NSWRFL.

</doc>
<doc id="19771480" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19771480" title="Piz Radun">
Piz Radun

Piz Radun (also known as "Plangghorn") is a mountain of the Swiss Lepontine Alps, overlooking Safien in the canton of Graubünden.

</doc>
<doc id="19771484" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19771484" title="Al Ain Mall">
Al Ain Mall

Al Ain Mall is an Al Ain shopping and entertainment center. Opened in 2001. Al Ain Mall is undergoing massive expansion and the project - Al Ain Mall Extension & exclusive five stars hotel – to add approx. 500,000 sq.ft. of retail GLA to the existing Mall to transform it to a regional mall with a total GLA of 1 million sq. ft. Phase one of the expansion was completed and opened to public in Nov 2011 adding more than 150 retail outlets to the existing 200+ outlets, along with 3 level basement car parking for 3000 cars. On completion of the expansion project, Al Ain Mall will have more than 420 shops, mostly mid to high-end fashion brands, an outdoor area with an artificial lake on the second floor surrounded by restaurants. The project also encloses a 5 star hotel. The hotel will have 210 rooms, 15 chalets and 3 VIP villas, a spa and boardroom holding more than 1500 people. It will also come with a variety of its own restaurants. 

</doc>
<doc id="19771489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19771489" title="Music of the American Civil War">
Music of the American Civil War

During the American Civil War, music played a prominent role on both sides of the conflict: Union and Confederate. On the American Civil War battlefield, different instruments including bugles, drums, and fifes were played to issue marching orders or sometimes simply to boost the morale of one's fellow soldiers. Singing was also employed as a recreational activity, but as a release from the inevitable tensions that come with fighting in a war, particularly a war in which the issue of freedom of a race is to be decided. In camp, music was a diversion away from the bloodshed, helping the soldiers deal with homesickness and boredom. Soldiers of both sides often engaged in recreation with musical instruments, and when the opposing armies were near each other, sometimes the bands from both sides of the conflict played against each other on the night before a battle.
Each side had its particular favorite tunes, while some music was enjoyed by Northerners and Southerners alike, as exemplified by United States President Abraham Lincoln's love of "Dixie", the unofficial anthem of the Confederacy. To this day, many of the songs are sung when a patriotic piece is required. The war's music also inspired music artists such as Lynyrd Skynyrd and Elvis Presley.
Development of American music.
The Civil War was an important period in the development of American music. During the Civil War, when soldiers from across the country commingled, the multifarious strands of American music began to crossfertilize each other, a process that was aided by the burgeoning railroad industry and other technological developments that made travel and communication easier. Army units included individuals from across the country, and they rapidly traded tunes, instruments and techniques. The songs that arose from this fusion were "the first American folk music with discernible features that can be considered unique to America". The war was an impetus for the creation of many songs that became and remained wildly popular; the songs were aroused by "all the varied passions (that the Civil War inspired)" and "echoed and re-echoed" every aspect of the war. John Tasker Howard has claimed that the songs from this era "could be arranged in proper sequence to form an actual history of the conflicts; its events, its principal characters, and the ideals and principles of the opposing sides".
In addition to, and in conjunction with, popular songs with patriotic fervor, the Civil War era also produced a great body of brass band pieces, from both the North and the South, as well as other military musical traditions like the bugle call "Taps".
Regulations.
In May 1861 the United States War Department officially approved that every regiment of infantry and artillery could have a brass band with 24 members, while a cavalry regiment could have one of sixteen members. The Confederate army would also have brass bands. This was followed by a Union army regulation of July 1861 requiring every infantry, artillery, or cavalry company to have two musicians and for there to be a twenty-four man band for every regiment. The July 1861 requirement was ignored as the war dragged on, as riflemen were more needed than musicians. In July 1862 the brass bands of the Union were disassembled by the adjutant general, although the soldiers that comprised them were sometimes reenlisted and assigned to musician roles. A survey in October 1861 found that 75% of Union regiments had a band. By December 1861 the Union army had 28,000 musicians in 618 bands; a ratio of one soldier out of 41 who served the army was a musician, and the Confederate army was believed to have a similar ratio.
Musicians were often given special privileges. Union general Phillip Sheridan gave his cavalry bands the best horses and special uniforms, believing "Music has done its share, and more than its share, in winning this war". 
Musicians on the battlefield were drummers and buglers, with an occasional fifer. Buglers had to learn forty-nine separate calls just for infantry, with more needed for cavalry. These ranged from battle commands to calls for meal time. Some of these required musicians were drummer boys not even in their teens, which allowed an adult man to instead be a foot soldier. The most notable of these under aged musicians was John Clem, also known as "Johnny Shiloh". Union drummers wore white straps to support their drums. The drum and band majors wore baldrics to indicate their status; after the war, this style would be emulated in civilian bands. Drummers would march to the right of a marching column. Similar to buglers, drummers had to learn 39 different beats: fourteen for general use, and 24 for marching cadence. However, buglers were given greater importance than drummers.
On the battlefield.
Whole songs were sometimes played during battles. The survivors of the disastrous Pickett's Charge returned under the tune "Nearer My God to Thee". At the Battle of Five Forks, Union musicians under orders from Sheridan played Stephen Foster's minstrel song "Nelly Bly" while being shot at on the front lines. Samuel P. Heintzelman, the commander of the III Corps, saw many of his musicians standing at the back lines at the Battle of Williamsburg, and ordered them to play anything. Their music rallied the Union forces, forcing the Confederate to withdraw. It was said that music was the equivalent of "a thousand men" on one's side. Robert E. Lee himself said, "I don't think we could have an army without music."
Sometimes, musicians were ordered to leave the battlefront and assist the surgeons. One notable time was the 20th Maine's musicians at Little Round Top. As the rest of the regiment were driving back wave after wave of Confederates, the musicians of the regiment were not just performing amputations, but doing it in a very quick manner.
In camp.
Many soldiers brought musical instruments from home to pass the time at camp. Banjos, fiddles, and guitars were particularly popular. Aside from drums, the instruments Confederates played were either acquired before the war, or imported, due to the lack of brass and the industry to make such instruments.
Musical duels between the two sides were common, as they heard each other as the music traveled across the countryside. The night before the Battle of Stones River, bands from both sides dueled with separate songs, until both sides started playing "Home! Sweet Home!", at which time soldiers on both sides started singing together as one. A similar situation occurred in Fredericksburg, Virginia in the winter of 1862–3. On a cold afternoon a Union band started playing Northern patriotic tunes; a Southern band responded by playing Southern patriotic tunes. This back and forth continued into the night, until at the end both sides played "Home! Sweet Home!" simultaneously, to the cheers of both sides' forces. In a third instance, in the spring of 1863, the opposing armies were on the opposite sides of the Rappahannock River in Virginia, when the different sides played their patriotic tunes, and at taps one side played "Home! Sweet Home!", and the other joined in, creating "cheers" from both sides that echoed throughout the hilly countryside.
Both sides sang "Maryland, My Maryland", although the lyrics were slightly different. Another popular song for both was "Lorena". "When Johnny Comes Marching Home" was written in 1863 by Patrick Gilmore, an immigrant from Ireland, and was also enjoyed by both sides.
Homefront.
The first song written for the war, "The First Gun is Fired", was first published and distributed three days after the Battle of Fort Sumter. George F. Root, who wrote it, is said to have produced the most songs of anyone about the war, over thirty in total. Lincoln once wrote a letter to Root, saying, "You have done more than a hundred generals and a thousand orators".
The southern states had long lagged behind northern states in producing common literature. With the advent of war, Southern publishers were in demand. These publishers, based largely in five cities (Charleston, South Carolina; Macon, Georgia; Mobile, Alabama; Nashville, Tennessee' and New Orleans, Louisiana), produced five times more printed music than they did literature.
In the Confederate States of America, "God Save the South" was the official national anthem. However, "Dixie" was the most popular. United States President Abraham Lincoln said he loved "Dixie" and wanted to hear it played, saying "as we had captured the rebel army, we had also captured the rebel tune". At an April 9, 1865 rally, the band director was surprised when Lincoln requested that the band play "Dixie". Lincoln said, "That tune is now Federal property...good to show the rebels that, with us in power, they will be free to hear it again".</ref> The other prominent tune was "The Bonnie Blue Flag", and like "Dixie" was written in 1861, unlike Union popular tunes which were written throughout the war.
The United States did not have a national anthem at this time ("Star Spangled Banner" would not be recognized as such until the twentieth century). Union soldiers frequently sang the "Battle Cry of Freedom", and the "Battle Hymn of the Republic" was considered the north's most popular song.
Different versions.
Although certain songs were identified with one particular side of the war, sometimes the other would adapt the song for their use. A Southern revision of the "Star Spangled Banner" was used, entitled "The Southern Cross". In an example of the different lyrics, where the "Banner" had "O say does that Star Spangled Banner yet wave", the "Cross" had "'Tis the Cross of the South, which shall ever remain". Another Confederate version of the "Star Spangled Banner", called "The Flag of Secession", replaced the same verse with "and the flag of secession in triumph doth wave". Even a song from the American Revolutionary War was adapted, as the tune "Yankee Doodle" was changed to ""Dixie Doodle"", and started with "Dixie whipped old Yankee Doodle early in the morning". The Union's "Battle Cry of Freedom" was also altered, with the original lines of "The Union forever! Hurrah, boys, hurrah! Down with the traitor, up with the star" being changed to "Our Dixie forever! She's never at a loss! Down with the eagle and up with the cross!"
The Union also adapted Southern Songs. In a Union variation of "Dixie", instead of the line "I wish I was in the land of cotton, old times there are not forgotten, Look away, look away, look away, Dixie Land", it was changed to "Away down South in the land of traitors, Rattlesnakes and alligators, Right away, come away, right away, come away".
"John Brown's Body"(originally titled "John Brown") was originally written for a soldier at Fort Warren in Boston in 1861. It was sung to the tune of "Glory, Hallelujah" and was later used by Julia Ward Howe for her famous poem, "Battle Hymn of the Republic."
Legacy.
The music derived from this war was of greater quantity and variety than from any other war involving America. Songs came from a variety of sources. "Battle Hymn of the Republic" borrowed its tune from a song sung at Methodist revivals. "Dixie" was a minstrel song that Daniel Emmett adapted from two Ohio black singers named Snowden. American soldiers would continue to sing "Battle Hymn of the Republic" in the Spanish-American War, World War I, and World War II.
The Southern rock style of music has often used the Confederate Battle Flag as a symbol of the musical style. "Sweet Home Alabama" by Lynyrd Skynyrd was described as a "vivid example of a lingering Confederate mythology in Southern culture".
A ballad from the war, "Aura Lee", would become the basis of the song "Love Me Tender" by Elvis Presley. Presley also sang "An American Trilogy", which was described as "smoothing" out "All My Trials", the "Battle Hymn of the Republic", and "Dixie" of its divisions, although "Dixie" still dominated the piece.
In 2013, a compilation album by current popular musicians, like Jorma Kaukonen, Ricky Skaggs, and Karen Elson, was released with the title, "Divided & United: The Songs of the Civil War".
Songs published per year.
w. = Words by
m. = Music by

</doc>
<doc id="19771490" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19771490" title="Pala da Tgiern">
Pala da Tgiern

The Pala da Tgiern is a mountain of the Swiss Lepontine Alps, overlooking Suraua in the canton of Graubünden. It lies north of the Crap Grisch, in the Val Lumnezia.

</doc>
<doc id="19771495" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19771495" title="List of shopping malls in the Czech Republic">
List of shopping malls in the Czech Republic

This is a list of shopping malls in the Czech Republic.

</doc>
<doc id="19771496" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19771496" title="Ze'ev Drori">
Ze'ev Drori

Ze'ev Drori (; born in Tel Aviv) is an Israeli-born American technology entrepreneur currently residing in California. Mr. Drori was the founder and Chief Executive of Monolithic Memories, before the company merged with Advanced Micro Devices (AMD). An avid car enthusiast, he is most well known recently for having helped engineer the turnaround of struggling electric carmaker Tesla Motors as President and CEO from 2007 to 2008.
Biography.
Early life.
Ze'ev Drori was born and raised in Tel Aviv, Israel. His father worked for the Tel Aviv Municipality and his mother was a homemaker. Uninterested in school, he left home at 15 to move to Kibbutz Hulda, where despite his young age Drori worked in the fields.
Drori enlisted in the Israel Defense Forces at 17, and moved through the ranks to become an officer in the Paratroopers Brigade. As an officer at the age of 20, he led his platoon during Israel’s many skirmishes with its neighbors.
At the completion of his military service, Drori passed his Bagrut matriculation exams and went to the United States to study. Having gained admission to the Polytechnic University of New York, Drori supported himself by working a variety of jobs, including as a chimney sweep, a dishwasher/busboy, in a slaughterhouse, in a cold-storage house in the meat-packing district of New York and on a lumberyard. Upon receiving his B.S, Drori accepted a position with IBM in Burlington, Vermont. He was soon promoted to head IBM’s semiconductor memory operation as the engineering manager. He left IBM after receiving a job offer from Fairchild Semiconductor in Mountain View, one of the pioneering Silicon Valley electronics firms. He left Fairchild to start his own company in 1970.
Monolithic Memories.
In 1970, Drori founded Monolithic Memories, a semiconductor firm that pioneered advances in memory and logic technology. He served as President, CEO, Chairman of the Board and CTO of Monolithic through 1981 and as chairman of the board from 1981 to 1987. As CTO, he was responsible for the invention, development and manufacturing of the PAL (programmable array logic), the PROM (programmable read-only memory), ROM (read-only memory), and high performance signal processing chips. In 1980, Monolithic went public at $21 a share. In 1987, Monolithic merged with Advanced Micro Devices (AMD) in a transaction valued at $437 million.
Clifford Electronics.
During his tenure as Chairman of Monolithic Memories, Drori first invested in and subsequently acquired Clifford Electronics, a fledging car alarm manufacturer. In 1985, having given up day to day control over operations at Monolithic Memories, Drori became the full-time CEO and president. Drori brought cutting edge innovations to the auto security industry by incorporating the latest “Silicon Valley” technologies. Under his leadership the company established a strong IP position including the development of the remote control car alarms. Clifford was the OEM supplier to several foreign and domestic car makers. Clifford’s rapid growth was also fueled by a national and international network of after-market dealers. Drori grew Clifford Electronics into one of the world’s leading automobile security companies, before selling the company to Allstate Insurance in 1999.
Tesla Motors.
In 2007, Drori was appointed President and CEO of electric carmaker Tesla Motors. Drori was specifically tasked with bringing the company's struggling Roadster prototype to market, which he was able to do in 2008. In October 2008, Tesla founder and major investor Elon Musk took over as CEO. Drori was on the board as vice-chairman, but has since left the company.
Automobile racing.
An avid race car driver, Drori has been actively competing in Formula Cars since 1997. He has twice participated in the Long Beach Toyota Grand Prix.

</doc>
<doc id="19771498" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19771498" title="Whiteia">
Whiteia

Whiteia is an extinct genus of prehistoric coelacanth fish which lived during the Triassic period.

</doc>
<doc id="19771499" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19771499" title="Grabče">
Grabče

Grabče () is a settlement next to Zgornje Gorje in the Municipality of Gorje in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.

</doc>
<doc id="19771504" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19771504" title="Teurihorn">
Teurihorn

The Teurihorn is a mountain of the Swiss Lepontine Alps, overlooking Splügen in the canton of Graubünden. It is located between the valleys of the Stutzbach and the Steilerbach, south of the Alperschällihorn.

</doc>
<doc id="19771512" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19771512" title="H. Scott Hughes">
H. Scott Hughes

H. Scott Hughes is a Texas-born writer and filmmaker, as well as singer/songwriter, and film/stage composer.
Career.
Hughes is a graduate of Texas A&M University–Corpus Christi and the Vancouver Film School. He is the co-writer/director of the 2007 short sci-fi romance "Food for the Gods" which premiered on Canada's Shaw Multicultural Channel, as well as screening at the Vancouver International Film Centre, the New Asia Film Festival in Richmond, BC, the Route 66 Film Festival in Springfield, Illinois, and the 12th Annual Vancouver Asian Film Festival. As a producer, Hughes developed the short documentary, "Duty," which was nominated Best Educational Documentary at the Bayou City Inspirational Film Festival in Houston, and won the Honorable Mention Documentary nod. As a screenwriter, Hughes shared with director Zhou "Joe" Fang the Audience Favorite Drama Award for the short paranormal thriller "Crazy Old Woman", at the Route 66 Film Festival—a double billing with "Food for the Gods.
Source:
In 2009, Hughes co-wrote the short comedy whodunit, "Murder at the Orient Street Express," co-produced by the Vancouver Asian Film Festival, which premiered at MAMM Fest 2009. In 2010, Hughes shot two back to back short sequels to "Food for the Gods," titled ' and ', (a project referred to in previous press as "Food for the Gods II: Aftermath" ). The producers refer to the two shorts as "teasers" for a possible larger project down the road, possibly a TV pilot and/or series based on the property. The sequels will be released by early 2011, the precise date currently unspecified.
Hughes is also attached to a Canadian pilot project called "Timekeeper: The Passage" as a writer and director, the story based on a novel by Stephen McKinnon.
For two decades, Hughes has also performed as one half of the established Texas Brazos Valley vocal duo Brandie&Scott. He composed and performed the score for "Duty" and co-composed (with Yvette Lu) the classical Asian-style score to "Food for the Gods", which featured erhu player Xu Qian, and singers Yvette Lu and Beverly Wu, engineered by Doug Woods.
Filmography.
Source:
Stage.
Source:
Discography.
Food for the Gods: The Original Motion Picture Soundtrack
Brandie&Scott singles:
Source:

</doc>
<doc id="19771528" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19771528" title="Piz Vizan">
Piz Vizan

Piz Vizan is a mountain of the Swiss Lepontine Alps, overlooking Andeer in the canton of Graubünden. It lies at the eastern end of the range east of Pizzas d'Anarosa.

</doc>
<doc id="19771548" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19771548" title="Trochactaeon">
Trochactaeon

Trochactaeon is an extinct genus of fossil sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks in the family Acteonellidae.
The genus "Trochactaeon" is known from the Late Cretaceous to the Early Cretaceous periods.
Species.
Species in the genus "Trochactaeon" include:

</doc>
<doc id="19771561" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19771561" title="Catacomb (video game)">
Catacomb (video game)

Catacomb is a 2-D game (a top-down third-person shooter) created by John Carmack. It was originally created for the Apple II, and later ported to the PC. It should not be confused with "The Catacomb", which is the second game in the series (originally named "Catacomb II", but later renamed). It supports EGA and CGA graphics.
In the game you play the magician Petton Everhail. At the start you are contacted by Terexin, High Wizard of the Kieralon who tells you how the Kieralon Empire has fallen. He convinces you to travel to the Kieralon Palace to collect his treasures and split them fifty-fifty.
"Catacomb" consists of fifteen levels in the Apple II version, ten levels in the PC demo version playable online on sites such as RGB Games, and thirty levels (with a different set of level designs) in the full PC version. To progress to the next level you must step through a magic teleportation mirror. These mirrors are usually behind a locked door, requiring you to obtain a key to advance. Progress (in the full PC version) is linear for the first 10 levels (although level 1 has a secret exit to level 10, level 4 has a secret exit to level 14, and level 5 has supposed exits to levels 50, 70 and 90, which however are fake and unreachable), but level 10 has exits to levels 11, 13, 16 and 17, all of which exit to level 10.
Attacks.
There are four different attacks:
The Fireball and Super Fireball attacks can be cast an infinite number of times. The Bolt and Nuke consume a scroll each time they are cast. You start the game with three Bolt scrolls and two Nuke scrolls. Additional scrolls are scattered through the levels.
Enemies.
There are five different enemies:
There is only one Dragon in the demo version of the game. It is located on the final level next to the last teleportation mirror. In the full version, Dragons start appearing from level 11 onward.
The enemies decrease your body points when they touch you. Potions restore your body points to full. You start the game with three potions. Additional potions are scattered through the levels. The game is over when your body points reach zero.

</doc>
<doc id="19771564" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19771564" title="Lüschgrat">
Lüschgrat

The Lüschgrat is a mountain of the Swiss Lepontine Alps, located between Safien and Thusis in the canton of Graubünden. With a height of 2,178 metres above sea level, it is the culminating point of the range north of the Glas Pass.

</doc>
<doc id="19771570" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19771570" title="Takashi Kitano">
Takashi Kitano

Takashi Kitano (Japanese: 北野 貴之, born October 4, 1982, Sapporo, Hokkaido) is a Japanese professional football goalkeeper who currently plays for Japan's J. League Division 1 club Omiya Ardija.
Club career stats.
As of 12 December 2010

</doc>
<doc id="19771571" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19771571" title="Tguma">
Tguma

The Tguma is a mountain of the Swiss Lepontine Alps, situated west of Thusis in the canton of Graubünden. It lies on the range between the Safiental and the Domleschg.

</doc>
<doc id="19771590" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19771590" title="Präzer Höhi">
Präzer Höhi

The Präzer Höhi (also known as "Mutta") is a mountain of the Swiss Lepontine Alps, situated near Thusis in the canton of Graubünden. It lies on the range between the valleys of Safien and Domleschg.

</doc>
<doc id="19771596" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19771596" title="Liv Køltzow">
Liv Køltzow

Liv Køltzow (born 1945) is a Norwegian novelist, playwright, biographer and essayist. 
She published texts in the modernist literary magazine "Profil". She was regarded as one of the central Norwegian feminist writers during the 1970s, and the short novel "Hvem bestemmer over Bjørg og Unni?" (1972) has been called Norway's first pamphlet of the militant and socialist feminism in the 1970s.
She received Gyldendal's Endowment in 1988, and was the first winner of the Amalie Skram Prize, in 1994. The novel "Hvem har ditt ansikt" was nominated for the Nordic Council's Literature Prize in 1989, but did not win the prize. She was awarded the Brage Prize in 1997 for the novel "Verden forsvinner".

</doc>
<doc id="19771601" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19771601" title="Lazar Zalkind">
Lazar Zalkind

Lazar Borisovich Zalkind (1886, Kharkiv – 1945, Komsomolsk-on-Amur) was a Ukrainian economist and chess problemist.
In 1927, he became chairman of the All-Union Association of Chess Problem and Study Lovers. He was arrested in 1930 for his part in a supposed plot to infiltrate the Bolshevik government positions with pro-Mensheviks. Nikolai Krylenko personally prosecuted him during the 1931 Menshevik Trial. His sentence was 8 years in prison. Zalkind was released in 1938 but new accusations were added to the original ones to increase his term an additional 5 years at an even more severe labor camp. When he was finally released in 1943, he learned that his son, Boris, had just died on the Belorussian front. He himself died of a heart attack on 25 June 1945 in Komsomolsk-on-Amur, Khabarovsk Krai, located in the Russian Far East.

</doc>
<doc id="19771639" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19771639" title="1938 Tschammerpokal">
1938 Tschammerpokal

The 1938 Tschammerpokal was the 4th season of the competition. For the first time Austrian teams competed in the competition as Austria had been annexed by Nazi Germany at the beginning of the year. In the final which was held on 8 January 1939 in the Olympic Stadium (Berlin) Austrian Rapid Wien defeated FSV Frankfurt 3–1.
Round of 16.
In the round of 16 the 8 German teams were paired internally and the 8 teams from Austria (now called Ostmark) were paired internally, too. The Quarter-final pairings were entirely random.

</doc>
<doc id="19771642" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19771642" title="Same-sex relationship">
Same-sex relationship

A same-sex relationship is a relationship between two persons of the same sex and can take many forms, from romantic and sexual, to non-romantic homosocially-close relationships. The term is primarily associated with homosexual couples. "Same-sex marriage" refers to the institutionalized recognition of such couples.
The term same-sex relationship is not strictly related to the sexual orientation of the participants. As bisexual, pansexual, asexual, transsexual, androgynous and also heterosexual people may participate in same-sex relationships, some activists claim that referring to a same-sex relationship as a "gay relationship" or a "lesbian relationship" is a form of bisexual erasure.
Same-sex relationships in history.
The lives of many historical figures, including Socrates, Alexander the Great, Lord Byron, Edward II, Hadrian, Julius Caesar, Michelangelo, Donatello, Leonardo da Vinci, Oscar Wilde, Vita Sackville-West, Alfonsina Storni and Christopher Marlowe included or were centered upon love and sexual relationships with people of their own sex. Terms such as "gay" or "bisexual" have often been applied to them; some, such as Michel Foucault, regard this as risking the anachronistic introduction of a contemporary construction of sexuality foreign to their times, though others challenge this.
Forms of same-sex relationships throughout history.
Same-sex relationships can be grouped into three categories:
Often, one form of same-sex relationship predominates in a society, although others are likely to co-exist. Historian Rictor Norton has pointed out that in ancient Greece, egalitarian relationships co-existed (albeit less privileged) with the institution of pederasty, and fascination with adolescents can also be found in modern sexuality, both opposite-sex and same-sex. Egalitarian same-sex relationships are the principal form present in the Western world, while age- and gender-structured same-sex relationships are less common (though they are still significant and coexist with the postmodern egalitarian form in Latin America, where male heterosexuals and "butch" i.e. macho, active/insertive bisexuals and pansexuals can even share a single identity). As a byproduct of growing Western cultural dominance, this form is spreading from Western culture to non-Western societies although there are still defined differences between the various cultures.
Same-sex relationships in militaries.
A few ancient and medieval societies, such as Greece and Japan, fostered erotic love bonds between experienced warriors and their apprentices. It was believed that a man and youth who were in love with each other would fight harder and with greater morale. A classic example of a military force built upon this belief is the Sacred Band of Thebes. However, other ancient and medieval cultures such as the Saxons and Vikings did not engage in this practice openly; therefore, these examples should not be regarded as a general rule for ancient cultures.
The adoption of Christianity by the Roman Emperor Constantine in the fourth century and subsequent predominance of Christianity led to a diminished emphasis on erotic love among military forces. By the time of the Crusades, the military of Europe was asserting that carnal relations between males were sinful and therefore had no place in an army that served their perception of God's will. One reason that the Knights Templar, a prominent military order, was destroyed was through accusations of sodomy; these allegations were probably fabricated, however.
Examples in art and literature.
The record of same-sex love has been preserved through literature and art. Male homoerotic sensibilities are visible in the foundations of art in the West, to the extent that those roots can be traced back to the ancient Greeks. Plato's "Symposium" also gives readers commentary on the subject, at one point considering the claim that male-male love is superior to male-female love.
The European tradition of homoeroticism was continued in the works of artists and writers such as Leonardo da Vinci, Michelangelo and Shakespeare. Since the Renaissance, both male and female homoeroticism has remained a common, if subtle and hidden, theme in the visual arts of the West.
In Iranian (Persian) societies homoeroticism was present in the work of such writers as Abu Nuwas and Omar Khayyam. A large corpus of literature, numbering in the hundreds of works, fostered the shudo tradition in Japan, together with a widespread tradition of homoerotic shunga art.
In the Chinese literary tradition, works such as "Bian er Zhai" and "Jin Ping Mei" survived the many purges to record the homoerotic climate of their time. Today, the Japanese anime subgenre yaoi centers on gay youths. Japan is unusual in that the culture's male homoerotic art has typically been the work of female artists addressing a female audience, mirroring the case of lesbian eroticism in western art.
In the twentieth century, entertainers such as Noël Coward, Madonna, k.d. lang, and David Bowie have brought homoeroticism into the field of western popular music. It is through these and other modern songwriters and poets that female homoerotic work by women, rather than erotic art by men with lesbian themes, has had its greatest cultural impact in the West since the ancient Greek poet Sappho.
In the 1990s, a number of American television comedies began to feature themes on same-sex relationships and characters who expressed same-sex attractions. The 1997 coming-out of comedian Ellen DeGeneres on her show "Ellen" was front-page news in America and brought the show its highest ratings. However, public interest in the show swiftly declined after this, and the show was cancelled after one more season. Immediately afterward, "Will & Grace", which ran from 1998 to 2006 on NBC, became the most successful series to date focusing on male-male sexual relationships. Showtime's "Queer as Folk", running from 2000 to 2005, was noted for its somewhat frank depiction of gay life, as well as its vivid sex scenes, containing the first simulated explicit sex scene between two men shown on American television.
Playwrights have penned such popular homoerotic works as Tennessee Williams's "Cat on a Hot Tin Roof" and Tony Kushner's "". Same-sex relationships have also been a frequent theme in Broadway musicals, such as "A Chorus Line" and "Rent". In 2005, the film "Brokeback Mountain" was a financial and critical success internationally. Unlike most same-sex couples in film, both the film's lovers were traditionally masculine and married. The movie's success was considered a milestone in the public acceptance of the American gay rights movement.
Platonic same-sex relationships.
Other forms of same-sex relationships (which may or may not include romantic aspects or sexuality) include romantic friendships, bromances and other forms of closely bonded same-sex relationships.
Same-sex couples.
State protections and prohibitions regarding (romantic or sexual) same-sex couples vary by jurisdiction. In some locations, same-sex couples are extended full marriage rights just as opposite-sex couples, and in other locations they may be extended limited protections or none at all. Policy also varies regarding the adoption of children by same-sex couples.
In their essential psychological respects, these relationships were regarded as equivalent to opposite-sex relationships in a brief amici curiae of the American Psychological Association, California Psychological Association, American Psychiatric Association, National Association of Social Workers, and National Association of Social Workers, California Chapter.
State recognition of same-sex couples.
Government recognition of same-sex marriage is presently available in fifteen countries (Argentina, Belgium, Brazil, Canada, Denmark, France, Iceland, Netherlands, New Zealand, Norway, Portugal, Spain, South Africa, Sweden, Uruguay) and several sub-national jurisdictions (parts of Mexico and the United States) allow same-sex couples to marry. An law to legalise same-sex marriage in England and Wales has been passed but is not yet in force. Bills legalizing same-sex marriage have been proposed, are pending, or have passed at least one legislative house in Andorra, Colombia, Finland, Luxembourg, Nepal and Taiwan, as well as in the legislatures of several sub-national jurisdictions (in Scotland as well as parts of Australia, Mexico, and the United States).
Other countries, including the majority of European nations, Colombia and Ecuador, have enacted laws allowing civil unions or domestic partnerships, designed to give gay couples similar rights as married couples concerning legal issues such as inheritance and immigration.
Although same-sex marriages are not recognized federally in the United States, same-sex couples can legally marry in eighteen states (California, Connecticut, Delaware, Iowa, Maine, Maryland, Massachusetts, Minnesota, New Hampshire, New York, Rhode Island, Vermont, Washington) and the District of Columbia and receive state-level benefits. The state of New Jersey does not grant same-sex marriages, but recognizes same-sex marriages performed in other jurisdictions. Also, several states offer civil unions or domestic partnerships, granting all or part of the state-level rights and responsibilities of marriage. Thirty-one states have constitutional restrictions limiting marriage to one man and one woman.
Same-sex couples as parents.
LGBT parenting is when lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender (LGBT) people are parents to one or more children, either as biological or non-biological parents. Same-sex male couples face coptions which include: "foster care, variations of domestic and international adoption, diverse forms of surrogacy (whether "traditional" or gestational), and kinship arrangements, wherein they might coparent with a woman or women with whom they are intimately but not sexually involved." LGBT parents can also include single people who are parenting; to a lesser extent, the term sometimes refers to families with LGBT children.
In the 2000 U.S. Census, 33 percent of female same-sex couple households and 22 percent of male same-sex couple households reported at least one child under eighteen living in their home. The 2008 general social survey shows that LGBT parents raising children showed 49% were lesbian and bisexual women and 19% were bisexual or gay men. In the United States from 2007 to 2011 the negative public attitude condemning same sex parenting dropped from 50% to 35%. Some children do not know they have an LGBT parent; coming out issues vary and some parents may never come out to their children. LGBT parenting in general, and adoption by LGBT couples may be controversial in some countries. In January 2008, the European Court of Human Rights ruled that same-sex couples have the right to adopt a child. In the U.S., LGBT people can legally adopt in all states.
There is ample evidence to show that children raised by same-gender parents fare as well as those raised by heterosexual parents. More than 25 years of research have documented that there is no relationship between parents' sexual orientation and any measure of a child's emotional, psychosocial, and behavioral adjustment. These data have demonstrated no risk to children as a result of growing up in a family with one or more gay parents. No research supports the widely held conviction that the gender of parents matters for child well-being. It is well-established that both men and women have the capacity to be good parents, and that having parents of both genders does not enhance adjustment. The methodologies used in the major studies of same-sex parenting meet the standards for research in the field of developmental psychology and psychology generally. They constitute the type of research that members of the respective professions consider reliable. If gay, lesbian, or bisexual parents were inherently less capable than otherwise comparable heterosexual parents, their children would evidence problems regardless of the type of sample. This pattern clearly has not been observed. Given the consistent failures in this research literature to disprove the null hypothesis, the burden of empirical proof is on those who argue that the children of sexual minority parents fare worse than the children of heterosexual parents.
Professor Judith Stacey, of New York University, stated: “Rarely is there as much consensus in any area of social science as in the case of gay parenting, which is why the American Academy of Pediatrics and all of the major professional organizations with expertise in child welfare have issued reports and resolutions in support of gay and lesbian parental rights”. These organizations include the American Academy of Pediatrics, the American Academy of Child and Adolescent Psychiatry, the American Psychiatric Association, the American Psychological Association, the American Psychoanalytic Association, the National Association of Social Workers, the Child Welfare League of America, the North American Council on Adoptable Children, and Canadian Psychological Association (CPA). CPA is concerned that some persons and institutions are mis-interpreting the findings of psychological research to support their positions, when their positions are more accurately based on other systems of belief or values.
Same-sex sexuality.
Types of relationships vary from one couple to the next. As in heterosexual relationships, some same-sex relationships are meant to be temporary, casual, or anonymous sex. Other relationships are more permanent, being in committed relationship with one another and not having sexual relationships with anyone else. Some are open relationships, and while committed to each other, allow themselves and their partner to have relationships with others. Other couples may be in secret, whether because of family upbringing, religion, pressure from friends/family, and other reasons.
The names of legal same-sex relationships vary depending on the laws of the land. Same-sex relationships may be legally recognized in the form of marriage, civil unions, domestic partnerships, or registered partnerships.
Same-sex relationships and sexual orientation.
Individuals may or may not express their sexual orientation in their behaviors. People in a same-sex relationship may identify as homosexual, bisexual, or even occasionally heterosexual.
Equally, not all people with a bisexual or homosexual orientation seek same-sex relationships. According to a 1990 study of The Social Organization of Sexuality, out of 131 women and 108 men who self-reported same-sex attraction, only 43 men (40%) and 42 women (32%) had participated in gay sex. In comparison, a survey by the Family Pride Coalition showed that 50% of gay men had fathered children and 75% of lesbians had children, and even more have had straight sex without having children.
Laws against same-sex sexuality.
A sodomy law is a law that defines certain sexual acts as sex crimes. The precise sexual acts meant by the term sodomy are rarely spelled out in the law, but is typically understood by courts to include any sexual act which does not lead to procreation. Furthermore, "Sodomy" has many synonyms: buggery, crime against nature, unnatural act, deviant sexual intercourse. It also has a range of similar euphemisms. While in theory this may include heterosexual oral sex, anal sex, masturbation, and bestiality, in practice such laws are primarily enforced against sex between men (particularly anal sex).
In the United States, the Supreme Court invalidated all sodomy laws in "Lawrence v. Texas" in 2003. 47 out of 50 states had repealed any specifically anti-homosexual-conduct laws at the time.
Some other countries criminalize homosexual acts In some Muslim nations (such as Iran) and African countries it remains a capital crime. In a highly publicized case, two male teenagers, Mahmoud Asgari and Ayaz Marhoni, were hanged in Iran in 2005 reportedly because they had been caught having sex with each other.
Men who have sex with men (MSM).
Men who have sex with men (MSM) refers to men who engage in sexual activity with other men, regardless of how they identify themselves; many choose not to accept social identities of gay or bisexual. The term was created in the 1990s by epidemiologists in order to study the spread of disease among men who have sex with men, regardless of identity. As a risk category, MSM are not limited to small, self-identified, and visible sub-populations. "MSM" and "gay" refer to different things: behaviors and social identities. "MSM" refers to sexual activities between men, regardless of how they identify whereas gay can include those activities but is more broadly seen as a cultural identity. "MSM" is often used in medical literature and social research to describe such men as a group for clinical study without considering issues of self-identification.
As with any sexual relationship, people may begin with various forms of foreplay such as fondling, caressing, and kissing, and may or may not experiment with other practices, as they see fit. Sex between males can include mutual masturbation, frot, intercrural sex, oral sex and anal sex.
Women who have sex with women (WSW).
Women who have sex with women (WSW) is a term used to identify women who have sex with other women, but may or may not self-identify as lesbian or bisexual. Sex between two females can include tribadism and frottage, mutual masturbation, cunnilingus, and the use of sex toys for vaginal, anal, or oral penetration or clitoral stimulation. As with any sexual relationship, people may begin with various forms of foreplay such as fondling, caressing, and kissing, and may or may not experiment with other practices, as they see fit.
Religious perspectives on same-sex sexuality.
Religions have had differing views about love and sexual relations between people of the same sex. Presently, a large proportion of the Abrahamic sects view sexual relationships outside of a heterosexual marriage, including sex between same-sex partners, negatively, though there are groups within each faith that disagree with orthodox positions and challenge their doctrinal authority. Opposition to homosexual behavior ranges from quietly discouraging displays and activities to those who explicitly forbid same-sex sexual practices among adherents and actively oppose social acceptance of homosexual relationships. Support of homosexual behavior is reflected in the acceptance of sexually heterodox individuals in all functions of the church, and sanctification of same-sex unions.
Some churches have changed their doctrine to accommodate same-sex relationships. Reform Judaism, the largest branch of Judaism outside Israel has begun to facilitate religious same-sex marriages for adherents in their synagogues. Jewish Theological Seminary, considered to be the flagship institution of Conservative Judaism, decided in March 2007 to begin accepting applicants in same-sex relationships, after scholars who guide the movement lifted the ban on ordaining people in same-sex relationships. In 2005, the United Church of Christ became the largest Christian denomination in the United States to formally endorse same-sex marriage.
On the other hand, the Anglican Communion encountered discord that caused a rift between the African (except Southern Africa) and Asian Anglican churches on the one hand and North American churches on the other when American and Canadian churches openly ordained clergy in same-sex relations and began blessing same-sex unions. Other churches such as the Methodist Church had experienced trials of clergy in same-sex relations who some claimed were a violation of religious principles resulting in mixed verdicts dependent on geography.
Some religious groups have even promoted boycotts of corporations whose policies support same-sex relations. In early 2005, the American Family Association threatened a boycott of Ford products to protest Ford's perceived support of "the homosexual agenda and homosexual marriage".

</doc>
<doc id="19771648" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19771648" title="Lake Dapao">
Lake Dapao

Lake Dapao is a deep water lake located in the province of Lanao del Sur, southwest of Lake Lanao, in the southern island of Mindanao, Philippines. It is one of the deepest lakes in the country, reaching a maximum depth of . It has an estimated surface area of . The lake receives water from local run-off and several small rivers.
In 1965, the lake and its vicinity was declared as a protected national park under Republic Act 4190 that covers an area of about .
Plants growing in the lake includes hydrilla ("Hydrilla spp") and the filamentous alga ("Clodophora spp"). The lake is also rich in fish that includes dalág ("Ophicephalus striatus"), Mozambique tilapia ("Oreochromis mossambicus"), common carp ("Cyprinus carpio"), goby ("Glossogobius giurus") and catfish ("Clarias spp").

</doc>
<doc id="19771649" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19771649" title="Krnica, Gorje">
Krnica, Gorje

Krnica () is a settlement in the Municipality of Gorje in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia. The Pokljuka Gorge begins at Krnica.

</doc>
<doc id="19771656" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19771656" title="Hiroshi Nakano (footballer)">
Hiroshi Nakano (footballer)


</doc>
<doc id="19771659" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19771659" title="List of Friends episodes">
List of Friends episodes

The American situation comedy television series "Friends" was created by David Crane and Marta Kauffman, and produced by Bright/Kauffman/Crane Productions in association with Warner Bros. Television for the National Broadcasting Company (NBC). The series began with the pilot episode, which was broadcast on September 22, 1994; the series finished its ten-season run on May 6, 2004, with 236 episodes. Each episode excluding the series premiere and finale has a title which starts with "The One...". They are, on average 22 minutes long, for a 30-minute timeslot including commercial breaks. Several episodes in season seven were produced for a "super-size" 40-minute timeslot to compete with the CBS reality series "Survivor".
The series narrative follows six friends living and working in New York City: Rachel Green, Monica Geller, Phoebe Buffay, Joey Tribbiani, Chandler Bing, and Ross Geller, played by Jennifer Aniston, Courteney Cox, Lisa Kudrow, Matt LeBlanc, Matthew Perry, and David Schwimmer respectively. All episodes were filmed at Warner Bros. Studios in Burbank, California; no location filming was done specifically in New York City. The fourth season finale, "The One with Ross' Wedding", however was filmed on location in London, UK in front of a British studio audience.
In addition to the episodes, three specials were produced. In "Friends: The Stuff You've Never Seen", broadcast following "The One with Joey's New Brain" on February 15, 2001, Conan O'Brien hosted a light-hearted discussion with the main cast on the Central Perk set – the fictional coffee house which featured prominently in the series. The special introduced outtakes from past episodes. The two-part retrospective special "The One with All the Other Ones" was broadcast before the one-hour series finale "The Last One" on May 6, 2004, and features clips from past episodes and interviews with the cast. All episodes have been released on VHS, DVD, and Blu-ray.

</doc>
<doc id="19771680" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19771680" title="Robert M. Polich, Sr.">
Robert M. Polich, Sr.

Robert M. Polich (born June 7, 1921) is a former United States Army Air Corps pilot and a recipient of the United States military's decoration—the Distinguished Flying Cross—for his actions in World War II.
Biography.
Polich joined the United States Army Air Corps from Crosby, Minnesota, beginning as an enlisted man assigned to the Coastal Artillery in San Diego, California. He later became a pilot and earned his wings in October 1943 as he was commissioned as a 2nd Lt.
Lt. Polich and his crew flew many missions in their B-17 "Flying Fortress" based at the RAF Chelveston being assigned to the 8th Air Force, 365th Bombardment Squadron, 305th Air Mobility Wing - then called the 305th Bomb Group (Heavy). On the 29th mission - a bombing run on the Leona Oil Works in Germany, Lt. Polich and his crew were shot down, soon finding themselves as prisoners of war. Polich was injured during his jump from the burning plane and was later awarded the Purple Heart Medal. After being captured in Germany, Lt. Polich was first brought to a German hospital, then later confined in Stalag Luft III. Early in 1945 Polich, along with many other prisoners of war were transferred to Stalag VII-A, near Moosburg, Germany. On April 29, 1945 the POW camp was liberated by the 14th Armored Division.
Captain Robert M. Polich, Sr. retired from the Air Force in 1966 after 22 years of service.

</doc>
<doc id="19771689" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19771689" title="Ecuadorian general election, 2009">
Ecuadorian general election, 2009

An early general election was held on 26 April 2009 in Ecuador following the approval of a new constitution in a referendum held on 28 September 2008. President Rafael Correa ran for his first term under the new constitution. The election was initially expected to be held in October 2010.
Among the candidates for President were current President Rafael Correa, supported by his PAIS Alliance and the Socialist Party; Álvaro Noboa ran under the banner of the PRIAN and had the support of the Social Christian Party (PSC) and the Christian Democratic Union. Former president Lucio Gutiérrez ran as the candidate of the January 21 Patriotic Society Party.
Preliminary results suggested that Correa had won reelection in the first round easily, surpassing 50% of the vote, followed by Gutiérrez coming in second with about 28% of the vote. Whether Correa's party will have an absolute majority in parliament is not yet known.
In addition Correa became the first sitting president to be reelected since García Moreno since 1875.
The full results of the seat distribution was still known, though it was assumed that PAIS would have 59 seats, PSP 19, PSC/MG 11, PRIAN 7, MPD 5, the Municipalist Movement 5, and others less than 5 seats.

</doc>
<doc id="19771694" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19771694" title="Harry Hill (sportsman)">
Harry Hill (sportsman)

Harry Hill (1827-August 27, 1896) was an English-born American businessman, sportsman and saloonkeeper whose establishments were regular meeting places for sportsmen, gamblers and politicians as well as members of the criminal underworld of New York City during the late 19th century. The most famous of these was his Bowery gambling resort located on West Houston Street east of Broadway and was long considered ""one of the sights of the metropolis"" from the 1850s until its close in 1886.
Background.
Harry Hill was born in Epsom, England around 1827. Spending his childhood at the local Epsom Downs Racecourse, his uncle was a prominent gambler and served as the betting commissioner of Lord George Bentinck for a number of years. In 1850, he became acquainted with George M. Woolsley, part owner of the sugar manufacturing firm "Howland, Aspinwall & Woolsey", and later hired him to run his horse stable in Astoria. In addition to free room and board, Hill would receive a yearly salary of $150. Two years later, Hill moved to New York where he became a successful horse dealer in the neighborhood of Third Avenue and Twenty-Fifth Street.
Sporting.
He was also an avid sportsman, involved in wrestling and pugilism, and opened a sporting house at Houston and Crosby Streets. This establishment soon proved a successful and popular resort among sportsmen, gamblers and members of the criminal underworld for almost thirty years. Hill himself declared the place ""open to all classes"", although he allowed no fighting, robberies or other unruly behavior. He had placards put on the walls specifying the rules of the establishment. Legitimate fights did take place however, most notably, when Harry Hill himself defeated champion middleweight wrestler Lieutenant Alnsworth of New Britain, Connecticut. 
From time to time, Hill was known to fight with customers, most often known criminals, who disregarded Hill's rules. In 1868, Hill was stabbed with a penknife by a female customer he had angered. James "Wild Jimmy" Haggerty, a well-known Philadelphia criminal, was involved in a brawl with Hill when, in 1871, he threatened to ""do him up"" during an argument. Hill fought with Haggerty and another man, Billy Tracy, throwing the two out with the help of British lightweight boxer Billy Edwards. During the fight, Hill lost a large diamond stud that he regularly wore in his shirt. 
Another incident took place with Felix Larkin, the financial backer of the "Irish Giant" Ned Baldwin, when he accused Hill and William E. Harding of causing him to lose a horse race. He and several thugs entered at Hill's resort with the intention of killing Harding. The two men did draw their pistols, however no gunfight took place. Both Harding and Larkin were arrested but later discharged. Soon after leaving the precinct, Larkin and his party attacked another saloonkeeper who stabbed him to death with a cheese knife.
Throughout the 1860s and 70s, Hill was involved in virtually every major bare knuckle boxing event of the era. In Mike McCoole's bout against Joe Coburn, Hill arraigned for Australian Kelly and Dan Kerrigan to train McCoole. He was also one of the backers of Billy Edwards in his 1868 match against Sam Collyer for the American lightheavyweight championship and a $2,000 purse at Cone River, Virginia. 
Hill was known to be exceedingly honest, especially in financial matters, and was often given the responsibility of holding large cash purses from prize fights. In 1870, he was the stakeholder for the $5,000 prizefight between Coburn and Jem Mace. In the 1882 prize fight between John L. Sullivan and Paddy Ryan in Mississippi City, Hill held the $25,000 purse. This also applied to his resort when he would often deposit money and valuables from intoxicated patrons and return their property when the eventually sobered. One of the best known examples was an incident in 1884 when a drunken customer left $84,000 to Hill for safekeeping. The following morning when the man sobered up, he returned Hill's place with no recollection of leaving the money with Hill. Hill gave the surprised man his money and kindly ""advised him to leave New York before taking another drink"". 
By the mid-1880s, Hill was reportedly worth between $500,000 and $1,000,000 although he himself never admitted to an income higher than $250,000. Hill eventually owned a number of businesses including two high class hotels in Flushing, Long Island and several steamboats which carried both freight and passengers between Flushing and New York City. He also possessed large numbers of fine Durham and Alderney cattle, pedigree dogs and horses. He was also forced to make heavy payments to police officials, at least $300 a week, until publicly accusing two officials from the Prince Street Police Station of blackmail and extortion; he appeared before the Lexow Committee years later providing details for "protection payments". The two officers were transferred to the West 100th Street Station while Hill's place was ordered to close after 1:00 am. This caused his resort to suffer as the majority of his business occurred from midnight until sunrise.
Financial troubles.
His troubles worsened when collectors began demanding payments for notes he had endorsed for many of his friends. He had mortgaged his property in Flushing and was also forced to close his steamship line, losing both his hotel and shipping businesses largely due to mismanagement. Hill lost heavily in these ventures and, unable to keep up with the mortgage payments, he was nearly bankrupt. Closing his resort, he moved to Harlem where he opened a small business at the southeast corner of Harlem Bridge but police interference forced him to close after a short time. Hill left New York after being refused a license from the city and opened a hotel in Corona, Long Island in 1890. 
Hill ran the hotel for three years until it was destroyed in a fire in 1893. He continued to keep a local barroom and horse stable in the area until coming down with a sudden illness in mid-August 1896. Suffering chills and fever for a week, he died in Flushing on August 27, 1896. 
He appeared as a minor character in the 2004 historical novel "A Passionate Girl" by Thomas J. Fleming.

</doc>
<doc id="19771706" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19771706" title="Bazar, Ukraine">
Bazar, Ukraine

Bazar is a village in the Zhytomyr Oblast in North-Western Ukraine.
It is probably best known for the execution on November 22, 1921 of 359 soldiers of the Ukrainian National Republic army during the final stages of the Second Winter Campaign. In 1941, an attempt was organised by Oleh Kandyba Olzhych to create a memorial to the fallen, however this was prevented by mass arrests by the occupying Nazi forces.

</doc>
<doc id="19771708" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19771708" title="Westerdiepsterdallen">
Westerdiepsterdallen

Westerdiepsterdallen is a small town, near Groningen. With only 2 houses, it is the smallest town in the Netherlands. For a long time, it only had 1 inhabitant, when one of the houses was empty. By only having 1 inhabitant, it made it to the Guinness Book of Records.

</doc>
<doc id="19771710" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19771710" title="Ugly Berry">
Ugly Berry

"Ugly Berry" is the sixth episode in the third season, the 47th episode overall, of the American dramedy series "Ugly Betty", which aired on October 30, 2008. The episode was written by Bill Wrubel and directed by Ron Underwood. The episode is the last appearance of Lindsay Lohan on the series.
Plot.
As Betty walked into work while she talked to Hilda on the cellphone, she is shocked to find Kimmie at her desk. Betty is stunned that she has now to compete with Kimmie, who finally shows her true colors now that she is the associate editor. Kimmie lords her associate editorship over Betty, demanding lunch and other demeaning things, including taking up Daniel's time and telling Betty that all she will ever be in life is just an assistant. Later at her apartment, Betty tells Jesse about her work, so he gives her something to boost her confidence by dedicating a song to Betty. The following day Betty decides that she is not about to let Kimmie get all the glory for pitching an idea for Mode's upcoming "Sizzling Hot" issue, so Betty stumbles upon her own brilliant idea by running it by Daniel as they leave the building. When Daniel ask what she was going to submit, she sees a fruit stand and is inspired. 
Challenged to think of a "hot" fruit to feature, and after showing off exotic fruits to the Suarez family, Betty learns that Adriana Lima is a huge fan of the super-rare fruit, the "tico berry" (a fictional fruit, portrayed in the episode by rambutans). Betty scores a major coup, with Adriana agreeing to do the cover and a feature about the fruit for "Mode", and thus earns the job of project manager as Daniel and Wilhelmina kill the "Sizzling Hot" issue. Kimmie, who is fumed by this move, is bent on sabotaging Betty's coup. As Betty is getting ready for her close-up, Kimmie offers to do Betty's makeup, but then ruins Betty's on-air interview with Fashion TV by having the lights on too high so that the heat causes Betty to sweat profusely and ruin her make-up, including fake eyelashes. Betty excuses herself and Kimmie swoops in to steal the spotlight. Wilhelmina and Daniel bring Kimmie in to help with the shoot. 
It look like Kimmie's power trip has gone too far. She's made enemies with former fast friends Marc and Amanda, first by socially snubbing them and then replacing Cliff with another photographer. So Marc and Amanda approach Betty to join forces to get Kimmie fired. At first Betty resists the idea of sabotaging Kimmie's back, but later on at the meeting room the two would witness Betty getting upset after learning Kimmie had intercepted Adriana at the airport in order to take credit for the work, so Betty gives in. Marc and Amanda are persistent by setting Kimmie up, with Betty to deliver the coup de grace, but Betty then has a change of heart and confesses to Kimmie, who thinks Betty is using reverse psychology, not knowing that Betty's "confession" would actually be her downfall, and it would be Wilhelmina who would deliver the final straw when she arrives at the shoot as Kimmie's attitude finally comes out by becoming bossy and telling her that she is in charge. Wilhelmina is quickly offended and immediately fires Kimmie and has her escorted away by security, even as she tried to blame Betty, Amanda and Marc for sabotaging her but Wilhelmina is not amused. As Kimmie is dragged out, she takes the tico berries and throws the basket into the pond, just as Lima arrives for the shoot. Wilhelmina and Daniel then turn to Betty in an effort to save the shoot. Betty remembers that she had some additional tico berries sent to Lima's hotel room; Lima retrieves them, and the shoot is salvaged.
In others' scenarios, new citizen Ignacio prepares to vote for the first time, while Hilda, who seems to be less interested in the democratic process and more interested in raking in cash, takes advantage of the increased election traffic to promote "Hilda's Beautilities," and in the process attracts a customer named Archie Rodriguez, who takes advantage of the deal by walking in for a minor haircut. While Archie complimented Hilda on the shop, he asked her about whether she obtained a licence to operate the business. When Hilda told him that she never bothered to apply for one, Archie told Hilda that she should have: Archie is a New York City councilman, and after she partially finished cutting his hair he advised her not to continue until she gets a business license, despite the fact that she is booked up for six weeks. While she has no choice but to give in, she does take his card anyway. 
Meanwhile, Claire lectures Daniel and Wilhelmina by telling the two to get their act together financially or else "Mode" will fold, so Wili sees an opportunity in a charming and prestigious Australian businessman named Connor Owens, after he runs into her and claims to admire her. But when she pitched Daniel the idea of hiring Connor, Daniel rejected the idea. After some struggles with his ego, he finally hires Connor as the CFO. But when the two men meet to sign the contract, it's revealed that Daniel and Connor are friends and used reverse psychology to get Wilhelmina on board with Connor.
Production.
The scenes featuring Adriana Lima's photo shoot can be found on "Ugly Betty's" sister website, www.modeny.com. Also, most of the wardrobe used in the episode were provided by Oscar de la Renta.
Trivia.
Although Betty mentions in this episode that she doesn't have business cards, she was seen in a previous episodes, "Fey's Sleigh Ride", with business cards. 
The person that says "previously on "Ugly Betty"" is Ignacio.
Casting.
This episode introduces Grant Bowler in the recurring role of Connor Owens and Ralph Macchio in the recurring role of Archie Rodriguez. Additionally, Ashley Jensen, although credited, was absent from this episode.
Reception.
"Killing Kimmie Keegan" was one way Television Without Pity described this A+ episode: "I knew once we lost the French kid the show would remember to be awesome again! What a fun episode. Bonus dorkiness? Hilda/Ignacio's storyline is all about the power of the people as expressed through the democratic process, plus introduces hopefully a new (unmarried!) civil servant cutie-pie for her post-Tony loving. Like, imagine the Henry of Hilda and you have Archie Rodriguez. I'm speaking unspoiled though, so we may never see him again. Hope we do. Also in this story: Justin wearing a humiliating Uncle Sam outfit, which is worth a thousand guffaws."
Ratings.
The episode was watched by 8.6 million viewers in the United States, averaging a 5.6/9 rating overall and a 2.5/7 among 18-49s.

</doc>
<doc id="19771716" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19771716" title="David Young (musician)">
David Young (musician)

David Young is an American musician. Two of his albums, "Renaissance" and "Solace", have been nominated for Grammy Awards. He is known for his ability to play two recorders simultaneously. He was also a member of the new age duo Celestial Winds with harpist Lisa Franco.
Life and career.
Young started playing the recorder in the third grade in Brooklyn, New York. He studied baroque and renaissance music with Phil Levin and at age 12 he became the youngest member to join the New York Recorder Guild advanced performing group.
Young's music has been featured on the U.S. television series' General Hospital, All My Children and Passions. 
He has worked recorded with artists such as Bobby Schnitzer, Cheryl Gallagher, and Robin Berry.
1994: CNN does special segment on David Young's "rags to riches" story. David Young's "Christmas Morning" CD is #2 in Canada.
1998: Young performs at Heather McCartney’s launch of her gift line in Atlanta, Georgia.
1999: Album "Renaissance" nominated for Grammy Award for Best Instrumental Album.
2001: David Young Musical Greeting Card line launched.
2004: Young writes, produces and acts in the movie "Village of Dreams", filmed at the Käthe Wohlfahrt Christmas store in Rothenburg, Germany. A companion children’s book was made along with the "Village of Dreams" movie.
2005: David writes and produces a musical called "Woodstock: The Mystery of Destiny" which has been performed at various theaters.
2008: Album "Solace" nominated for Grammy Award for Best New Age Album.
Discography.
Albums
Video

</doc>
<doc id="19771730" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19771730" title="Figtree High School">
Figtree High School

Figtree High School is a comprehensive public high school located on Gibsons Road in Figtree, a suburb of Wollongong, New South Wales, Australia.
History.
Figtree High School was established in 1969, with 242 First Form students enrolling as the first students to attend. The first principal of the school was Ken Brokenshire, with Robert Everitt, the Deputy Principal and nine assistant teachers. Because construction of the school was not finished at the time, students and teachers borrowed furniture from Dapto High School and attended classes in seven portable buildings in the grounds of Dapto High School. Construction finally finished in July 1969, being announced "Australia's most modern high school" by the local newspaper, and students re-located back to their new building in Gibsons Road. Of the original 242 students enrolled in 1969, 87 elected to enter the Senior School and completed their Higher School Certificate in 1974. 
The school was built in close proximity to the famous, historic Figtree that the suburb was named after, and this tree was adopted as the school emblem. But in 1987, after a significant storm, the tree was terminally damaged and was removed as a safety precaution. Students referred to the school as 'Figstump High' for this time. After much discussion, a new fig tree was planted on the site of the original tree in 1997.
Enrolment.
Currently there are approximately 1100 students in the school.
Staff.
The current principal of Figtree High School is Carol Marshman, with the current two Deputy Principals being David Deitz and Elicia Donovan. There are 52 classroom teachers and a total of approximately 100 staff members including behaviour teachers, physical disability teachers and school assistants.
Notable Achievements.
Enterprise Education.
In 1999, the school was a part of Australian Business Week, where students would form 'companies' and run a four million dollar business for a simulated two-year period.
Since then, Figtree High School has taken part each year, but in 2008 won first position. This took the team of students (ranging from Years 10 to 12) to the next stage, the Global Enterprise Challenge, where they won second place to New Zealand. The challenge involved designing and implementing a system to aid water conservation around the world. Figtree's design, the 'Hydro Shift Program', was a household water usage monitor, that allowed users to set goals to reduce their consumption and water bills. Twelve other countries including Germany, Norway, Wales and the United States of America also took part. This position was the highest to be received by any Australian team in the global stage of the competition.
Sport.
Figtree High School has also been noted for its achievements in sport, sending many representative teams and individuals for state competitions within New South Wales. Students have respresented Australia in sports such as athletics, rugby league, swimming, water polo, basketball, tennis and snow sports.
Extra-Curricular.
Figtree High School has also organised a number of overseas study tours for those students undertaking ancient history. This has involved trips with staff and keen family members to relevant locations within Italy and Greece.
The school has also been involved in a number of exchange programs. A number of students within the school undertaking language courses have won ten week scholarships to Germany, and other students have travelled to South Korea.
Music, Dance and Drama.
Figtree High School has put on a number of musical productions including the 2008 production of "The Course of True Love", written by a teacher at the school and the 2010 production of "Grease: The Musical".
Controversy.
No hugging.
In March 2011, the Illawarra Mercury reported that students at the school had been banned from hugging on school grounds. Despite denials from the school, students insisted this was what had been stated at the school assembly. It is not known if this rule has been enforced.
Stephen Watson injury.
On 28 July 1982, Stephen Watson, a 15 year old schoolboy was positioned at hooker for a first grade inter-school rugby union match. In the early stages of the game, as a scrum engaged, he suffered a fracture of the cervical spine resulting in permanent quadriplegia. 
The decision precipitated a widespread debate about whether certain body contact sports should continue to be offered in state schools. Figtree High teachers decided the risks were too great and ceased playing rugby union (although rugby league continued to be played).
Watson was subsequently awarded a record sum of $2.18M damages to provide lifelong support for his care needs. Subsequent fundraising events were also held at the school to support the Watson family.

</doc>
<doc id="19771738" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19771738" title="Sigmund Mjelve">
Sigmund Mjelve

Sigmund Mjelve (1926–1995) was a Norwegian writer. He was awarded Gyldendal's Endowment in 1990, and the Brage Prize in 1994 for "Område aldri fastlagt".

</doc>
<doc id="19771739" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19771739" title="Blues Forever">
Blues Forever

Blues Forever is an album by Muhal Richard Abrams released on the Italian Black Saint label in 1982 and featuring performances of seven of Abrams compositions by an eleven member big band.
Reception.
The Allmusic review by Ron Wynn awarded the album 4 stars stating "Although every arrangement doesn't click, the band successfully romps and stomps through enough cuts to show that the big band sound doesn't just mean "ghost" groups recreating dusty numbers from the '30s and '40s".

</doc>
<doc id="19771752" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19771752" title="Mitsuru Chiyotanda">
Mitsuru Chiyotanda


</doc>
<doc id="19771753" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19771753" title="Marko Kešelj">
Marko Kešelj

Marko Kešelj (Serbian Cyrillic: Марко Кешељ; born January 2, 1988) is a Serbian professional basketball player for ASVEL Villeurbanne of the French League. He also played for the Serbian national team.
Professional career.
Kešelj started his career in his hometown with a club called Mega Ishrana. Despite his young age, Kešelj already has the experience of playing for two top quality foreign clubs, the Spanish ACB League club Akasvayu Girona and the German League club Köln 99ers. During the summer of 2006, his talents were spotted by Serbian coach Svetislav Pešić, who brought him to Girona in the Spanish ACB League at the age of 18.
However, Kešelj could not establish himself in the squad and got very little playing time. In the summer of 2007, he transferred to the German League to the Köln 99ers, which were led by another Serbian coach, Saša Obradović. Following a so-so season, Obradović left to coach Kiev, and Kešelj also started looking for a transfer.
Upon rumors that Pešić, his mentor from his Girona days, might be taking over Red Star Belgrade, Keselj decided to sign with the club during the summer of 2008, even before Pešić's arrival had become official. In 2010, he signed a 3-year contract with the Greek League club Olympiacos. With Olympiacos, he won the Euroleague and Greek League championships in 2012.
On August 14, 2012, Kešelj signed one-year contract with Valencia. On February 5, 2013, he signed with Le Mans Sarthe Basket till the end of the season. On August 8, 2013, he signed with ASVEL Villeurbanne.
Serbian national team.
Kešelj was a member of the Serbian junior national teams, and he played at the FIBA Under-19 World Championship 2007 in Novi Sad and at the 2008 FIBA Europe Under-20 Championship. Kešelj was also a member of the senior Serbian national team at the 2010 FIBA World Championship, where Serbia was defeated by Lithuania, in the game for the bronze medal. He was also capped for the national team of Serbia at the EuroBasket 2011, in Lithuania, where Serbia finished in 8th place.

</doc>
<doc id="19771772" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19771772" title="Piz Bianco">
Piz Bianco

Piz Bianco (also known as "Piz Alv") is a minor summit north of Piz Bernina, in the Bernina Range of the Alps. It is located south of Pontresina in the canton of Graubünden.
Culminating at 3,995 metres, Piz Bianco is the highest point of the snowy ridge named "Biancograt" (or "Crast'Alva"). The summit is often traversed by climbers on the way to Piz Bernina.

</doc>
<doc id="19771777" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19771777" title="Parshuram Pant Pratinidhi">
Parshuram Pant Pratinidhi

Parshuram Tryambak Kinhaikar (1660–1718 CE), popularly known as Parshuram Pant Pratinidhi, was a Minister ("Pradhan") and Count ("Sardar") of the Maratha Empire. He served as "Pratinidhi" (Chief Delegate) during Chhatrapati Rajaram and Tarabai’s reign. His contribution to the War of 27 years is considered to be of vital importance. He was also the founder of the princely states of Vishalgad and Aundh in Maharashtra.
Early Life & Career.
Parshuram Pant was born in a Yajurvedi Deshastha Brahmin family in 1660. His father was a tax assessor ("Kulkarni") of a few villages around his native home of Kinhai near Korgaon in Satara district. At the age of 14, Parshuram Pant went to Vishalgad and started working under Ramchandra Pant Amatya as a clerk. Due to his steady progress both in clerical as well as military functions, he was soon promoted as Ramchandra Pant's deputy and was sent to Fort Vasota to look after military administration.
Contribution to the Maratha War of Independence.
Parshuram Pant exhibited his leadership qualities for the first time during the blockade of Panhala Fort in 1689 which was ultimately captured by Aurangzeb in the same year. Parshuram Pant, however, recaptured the fort in June 1692 with tremendous efforts and bravery. Thereafter, under the able guidance of Ramchandra Pant Amatya, he initiated continuous victorious campaigns against Mughal army and re-captured the large region between Miraj and the fort of Prachitgad (also called Rangna). He also captured Fort Bhudargad and Chandangad from Mughals.
Delighted with his performance, Rajaram honored him with the title of ‘"Subha Lashkar"’ and ‘"Samsher Jung"’ and later on conferred on him the post of "Pratinidhi" (Chief Delegate). On 31 October 1699, with the intention to create confusion and suspicion in the minds of Maratha "Sardars", Aurangzeb wrote a secret letter to Parshuram Pant but arranged to reach it in Ramchandra Pant’s hand. It read, "It was great to hear that Parshuram Pant was joining the Mughal camp for a consideration that was mutually agreed upon." Simultaneously, Parshuram Pant got a letter of same sort addressed to Ramchandra Pant. However, this trick could not work as both of them were closely associated with each other. During December 1699 to April 1700, when Satara fort was blocked by Aurangzeb, Parshuram Pant ensured non-stop supplies of food grain and ammunition to the Maratha army from Fort Parali. After Rajaram’s death in 1700, Parshuram Pant became right hand of Tarabai who sought his help in restoring her son Shivaji II on the vacant throne of Rajaram. In 1702, he fought for saving the fort Vishalgad continuously for five months and killed the 6,000 attacking Mughal soldiers. Ultimately, a Memorandum of Understanding was signed and the fort was handed over to Aurangzeb on 4 June 1702 after receiving a sum of Rs. 2 lac in tribute. Parshuram Pant would not get it back until 1707, however, just within a span of 3 years, he recaptured other forts like Panhala Fort, Pavangad, Satara and Vasantgad.
Later Life & Death.
In 1707, Shahu was released by the Mughals and the civil war between him and Tarabai commenced. Unlike many others, Parshuram Pant remained loyal to Tarabai and fought against Shahu but was defeated and subsequently imprisoned. In 1710, he was released and was earnestly requested by Shahu to assume the post of "Pratinidhi" which he did with little hesitation. Even though he was granted a separate feudal estate ("jehagiri") at Aundh near Karad, he was allowed to keep his existing "jehagiri" at Fort Vishalgad as well. His disobedience, however, compelled Shahu to put him in prison twice during 1710 to 1714, but subsequently, he was released and restored after settling some disputable issues. Being a genuine devotee of the Hindu Goddess Yami, he wrote a few poems praising the goddess and received great respect and honor until his death in 1718. His son Shrinivasrao alias Shripatrao was appointed by Shahu to succeed him.

</doc>
<doc id="19771801" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19771801" title="Crocodile Man">
Crocodile Man

Crocodile Man (also known as "Kraithong Krapeu Chalawon" in Thai or "A Water Warrior and a Crocodile Man" but preferably "Kropeu Charavan" with an "R" rather than an "L" in Khmer) is a widely acclaimed Cambodian horror film released in 1972 by Hui Keung. It starred famous Khmer actress Dy Saveth. It was released in Thailand and Hong Kong along with another 1972 Khmer film, "The Snake King's Wife", which brought back a successful grossing. It has become one of the more enduring creations from the nation's pre-communist era and copies are still sold today with English and Chinese subtitles.
Plot.
The relationship of two students who were taught by the same teacher (Ta Esey) for fighting lessons were suddenly split by the fact that each accused the other of being a murderer. Charavann, one of the students who could turn into a crocodile, went under water where he was taught by a water hermit and married two beautiful crocodile girls. He went back to the land in order to seek revenge on Kraitoung, the other student, for killing a woman. One day he took a beautiful daughter of a millionaire, Sompiov Meas, underwater with him, instead of marrying her. However, his two wives refused and put a spell on Sampov Meas. To save Sampov Meas with the intent of marrying her, Kraitoung went underwater to rescue her after many warriors were killed attempting to save the millionaire's daughter. He killed Charavan and his wives for their cruel actions and saved Sampov Meas safely. For his prize, finally, Kraitoung married Sampov Meas, also her sister, Sampov Keav, and lived happily ever after.

</doc>
<doc id="19771817" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19771817" title="Fibrochondrogenesis">
Fibrochondrogenesis

Fibrochondrogenesis is a rare autosomal recessive form of osteochondrodysplasia, causing abnormal fibrous development of cartilage and related tissues. 
It is a lethal rhizomelic (malformations which result in short, underdeveloped limbs) form of dwarfism, exhibiting both skeletal dysplasia (malformations of bone) and fibroblastic dysplasia (abnormal development of fibroblasts, specialized cells that make up fibrous connective tissue, which plays a role in the formation of cellular structure and promotes healing of damaged tissues). Death caused by complications of fibrochondrogenesis occurs in infancy.
Characteristics.
Fibrochondrogenesis is a congenital disorder presenting several features and radiological findings, some which distinguish it from other osteochondrodysplasias. These include: fibroblastic dysplasia and fibrosis of chondrocytes (cells which form cartilage); and flared, widened 
long bone metaphyses (the portion of bone that grows during childhood). 
Other prominent features include dwarfism, shortened ribs that have a concave appearance, micrognathism (severely underdeveloped jaw), macrocephaly (enlarged head), thoracic hypoplasia (underdeveloped chest), enlarged stomach, platyspondyly (flattened spine), and the somewhat uncommon deformity of bifid tongue (in which the tongue appears split, resembling that of a reptile).
Cause.
The cause of platyspondyly in fibrochondrogenesis can be attributed in part to odd malformations and structural flaws found in the vertebral bodies of the spinal column in affected infants.
Fibrochondrogenesis alters the normal function of chondrocytes, fibroblasts, metaphyseal cells and others associated with cartilage, bone and connective tissues. Overwhelming
disorganization of cellular processes involved in the formation of cartilage and bone (ossification), in combination with fibroblastic degeneration of these cells, developmental errors and systemic skeletal malformations describes the severity of this lethal osteochondrodysplasia.
Genetics.
Fibrochondrogenesis is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern. This means that the defective gene responsible for the disorder is located on an autosome, and two copies of the gene — one copy inherited from each parent — are required in order to be born with the disorder. The parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive disorder each carry one copy of the defective gene, but usually do not experience any signs or symptoms of the disorder. Currently, no specific genetic mutation has been established as the cause of fibrochondrogenesis. 
Omphalocele is a congenital feature where the abdominal wall has an opening, partially exposing the abdominal viscera (typically, the organs of the gastrointestinal tract). Fibrochondrogenesis is believed to be related to omphalocele
type III, suggesting a possible genetic association between the two disorders.
Epidemiology.
Fibrochondrogenesis is quite rare. A 1996 study from Spain determined a national minimal prevalence for the disorder at 8 cases out of 1,158,067 live births.
A United Arab Emirates (UAE) University report, from early 2003, evaluated the results of a 5-year study on the occurrence of a broad range of osteochondrodysplasias. Out of 38,048 newborns in Al Ain, over the course of the study period, fibrochondrogenesis was found to be the most common of the recessive forms of osteochondrodysplasia, with a prevalence ratio of 1.05:10,000 births.
While these results represented the most common occurrence within the group studied, they do not dispute the rarity of fibrochondrogenesis. The study also included the high rate of consanguinous marriages as a prevailing factor for these disorders, as well as the extremely low rate of diagnosis-related pregnancy terminations throughout the region.
Alternate research.
The fibrocartilaginous effects of fibrochondrogenesis on chondrocytes has shown potential as a means to produce therapeutic cellular biomaterials via tissue engineering and manipulation of stem cells, specifically human embryonic stem cells.
Utilization of these cells as curative cartilage replacement materials on the cellular level has shown promise, with beneficial applications including the repair and healing of damaged knee menisci and synovial joints; temporomandibular joints, and vertebra.

</doc>
<doc id="19771830" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19771830" title="Calvin C. Bliss">
Calvin C. Bliss

Calvin Comins Bliss (December 22, 1823 – December 13, 1891) was the first Lieutenant Governor of Arkansas, serving from 1864 to 1868.

</doc>
<doc id="19771835" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19771835" title="James M. Johnson (Arkansas)">
James M. Johnson (Arkansas)

James M. Johnson was an Arkansas politician, and a soldier for the Union Army in the First Arkansas Infantry during the American Civil War. After the war he was elected Lieutenant Governor in 1868, with Powell Clayton as Governor. When the Republican Party of Arkansas split in 1871, Johnson sided with the Brindle Tails against Clayton, who was supported by the Minstrels. When he spoke out against Clayton, he was attacked with articles of impeachment in the state legislature. Though exonerated, his reputation never recovered. Chief Justice John McClure was later impeached for allowing the Johnson affair to have happened. These were part of the events that lead to the Brooks-Baxter War.
He died on February 15, 1913.

</doc>
<doc id="19771838" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19771838" title="Volney V. Smith">
Volney V. Smith

Volney Voke Smith was an American politician who served as the third Lieutenant Governor of Arkansas from 1873 to 1874. He was the born 1841 to Delazon Smith and Eliza Voke Smith, and was also a second cousin of politician Edward J. Voke.

</doc>
<doc id="19771843" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19771843" title="Mevkuž">
Mevkuž

Mevkuž () is a settlement in the Municipality of Gorje in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.
The local church is dedicated to Saint Nicholas.

</doc>
<doc id="19771846" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19771846" title="Klein Grünhorn">
Klein Grünhorn

The Klein Grünhorn is a mountain of the Bernese Alps, situated north of the Gross Grünhorn in the canton of Valais.

</doc>
<doc id="19771853" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19771853" title="Varenne (river)">
Varenne (river)

The Varenne is a river of Normandy, France, in length, flowing through the department of Seine-Maritime and it is a tributary of the Arques River.
Geography.
The river’s source is just northwest of Buchy near to Montérolier, Its valley separates the pays de Caux on the west bank from the pays de Bray to the east.
Of the three rivers that form the Arques, the Varenne is the shortest but paradoxically has the largest catchment area and highest speed (3.5 m/s). The only significant tributary is the Herring Creek (8 km in length) which joins on the left bank at Rosay. <br>
Its course takes it past the communes of Saint-Martin-Osmonville, Saint-Saëns, through the forest of Eawy and on to Bellencombre, Saint-Hellier, Torcy-le-Grand, Torcy-le-Petit, Martigny, and finally Arques-la-Bataille where it joins the Eaulne and the Béthune Rivers to form the Arques River. <br>
Like other rivers in the region, the Varenne is classified as a first class river, offering anglers the chance to catch salmon and trout. The river is also used near its source, to supply the drinking water system.
Notes.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19771879" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19771879" title="Splitting lemma (functions)">
Splitting lemma (functions)

In mathematics, especially in singularity theory the splitting lemma is a useful result due to René Thom which provides a way of simplifying the local expression of a function usually applied in a neighbourhood of a degenerate critical point. 
Formal statement.
Let formula_1 be a smooth function germ, with a critical point at 0 (so formula_2). Let "V" be a subspace of formula_3 such that the restriction "f|V" is non-degenerate, and write "B" for the Hessian matrix of this restriction. Let "W" be any complementary subspace to "V". Then there is a change of coordinates formula_4 of the form formula_5 with formula_6, and a smooth function "h" on "W" such that
This result is often referred to as the parametrized Morse lemma, which can be seen by viewing "y" as the parameter.
It is the "gradient version" of the implicit function theorem.
Extensions.
There are extensions to infinite dimensions, to complex analytic functions, to functions invariant under the action of a compact group, . . . 

</doc>
<doc id="19771887" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19771887" title="Klein Fiescherhorn">
Klein Fiescherhorn

The Klein Fiescherhorn (or "Ochs") is a mountain of the Bernese Alps, situated east of the Gross Fiescherhorn on the border between the cantons of Berne and Valais in Switzerland.

</doc>
<doc id="19771888" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19771888" title="A Midsummer Night's Dream (ballet)">
A Midsummer Night's Dream (ballet)

"A Midsummer Night's Dream" is a two-act ballet choreographed by George Balanchine to Felix Mendelssohn's incidental music for Shakespeare's play of the same name. In addition to the incidental music, Balanchine incorporated other Mendelssohn works into the ballet including Overtures to "Athalie", "Son and Stranger", and "The Fair Melusine", Symphony No. 9 for Strings and "The First Walpurgis Night". "A Midsummer Night's Dream" is Balanchine's first completely original full-length ballet, and premiered at New York City Ballet on January 17, 1962 with Edward Villella in the role of Oberon, Melissa Hayden in the role of Titiana, and Arthur Mitchell in the role of Puck. The ballet employs a large children's corps de ballet. Act I tells Shakespeare's familiar story of lovers and fairies while Act II presents a strictly classical dance wedding celebration. The ballet dispenses with Shakespeare's play-within-a-play finale. "A Midsummer Night's Dream" opened The New York City Ballet's first season at the New York State Theater in April, 1964.
Casts.
NYCB revivals.
2009 Spring.
"rôle:"
"first cast"
"second cast"
"rôle:"
"third cast"
"fourth cast"
"rôle:"
"fifth cast"

</doc>
<doc id="19771929" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19771929" title="People's Honour Award">
People's Honour Award


</doc>
<doc id="19771937" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19771937" title="Vision Towards Essence">
Vision Towards Essence

Vision Towards Essence is a live album of solo piano by Muhal Richard Abrams released on the Pi Recordings label in 2007.
Reception.
The Allmusic review by Thom Jurek states "This is indeed one of the most important records ever released by this great man".

</doc>
<doc id="19771938" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19771938" title="Stig Olav Larsen">
Stig Olav Larsen

Stig Olav Larsen (born 26 September 1973) is a retired Norwegian football player.
Playing for Fana IL, he was loaned to Hartlepool United in December 1997, playing four league games and one Football League Trophy game, all as a substitute.

</doc>
<doc id="19771964" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19771964" title="Otway Coast">
Otway Coast

The Otway Coast comprises a popular beach and national park section of the Great Ocean Road on the south-eastern coast of Australia between the Victorian cities of Lorne and Apollo Bay. The townships on the Otway Coast are: Separation Creek, Wye River, Kennett River, Wongara and Sugarloaf.
History.
The Otway Coast region became a popular holiday destination from the city of Melbourne in Victoria after the returned servicemen from World War 1 built a spectacular stretch of road along some of the state's most precipitous cliffs. The townships of the Otway Coast were all settled in the late 1800s but only became popular as beach resorts when the Great Ocean Road was opened in 1932. They differ from the other townships along the coast in that they are smaller and less developed.
Koala populations.
The Otway Coast has one of the most successful wild koala populations in Australia with their numbers increasing every year due to the high percentage of available suitable vegetation like manna gum and blue gum.
National parks.
A significant area of the Otway Coast belongs to the Great Otway National Park with many walking tracks and waterfalls. The Park features the magnificent trees of the ancient rainforests, the drier forests of the inland slopes and the very diverse heathlands and woodlands along with spectacularly rugged coastline. During winter it has some of Victoria's most striking waterfalls. 

</doc>
<doc id="19771967" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19771967" title="In Arabian Nights">
In Arabian Nights

In Arabian Nights (subtitled "A caravan of Moroccan dreams") is a travel book by Anglo-Afghan author Tahir Shah illustrated by Laetitia Bermejo. which takes up where his previous book "The Caliph's House" leaves off, recounting, among much else, events at Dar Khalifa, the Caliph's House, in Casablanca where the Shah family have taken up residence.
Summary.
Shah frequents the Café Mabrook, which becomes for him the "gateway into the clandestine world of Moroccan men" and is told "if you really want to get to know us, then root out the raconteurs". He also hears of the Berber tradition that each person searches for the story within their heart. 
Events at home are interwoven with Shah's journeys across Morocco, and he sees how the Kingdom of Morocco has a substratum of oral tradition that is almost unchanged in a thousand years, a culture in which tales, as well as entertaining, are a matrix through which values, ideas and information are transmitted.
Shah listens to anyone who has a tale to tell. He encounters professional storytellers, a junk merchant who sells his wares for nothing, but insists on a high payment for the tale attached to each item and a door to door salesman who can obtain anything, including, when Shah requests the first "Benares" edition of "A Thousand and One Nights" by Richard Burton, a translation that the author's father Idries Shah had once given away. As he makes his way through the labyrinthine medinas of Fez and Marrakech, traverses the Sahara sands, and tastes the hospitality of ordinary Moroccans, he collects a treasury of stories, gleaned from the heritage of "A Thousand and One Nights". The tales, recounted by a vivid cast of characters, reveal fragments of wisdom and an oriental way of thinking. 
Weaving in and out of the narrative are Shah's recollection of his family's first visits to Morocco and his father's storytelling and insistence that traditional tales contain vastly undervalued resources; "We are a family of storytellers. Don't forget it. We have a gift. Protect it and it will protect you." As a father himself Shah now passes the baton on to his own children.

</doc>
<doc id="19771968" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19771968" title="1939 Tschammerpokal">
1939 Tschammerpokal

The 1939 Tschammerpokal was the 5th season of the competition. In the final which was held on 28 April 1940 in the Olympic Stadium (Berlin) FC Nuremberg defeated Waldhof Mannheim 2–0, thereby becoming the first club to win the cup twice.

</doc>
<doc id="19771974" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19771974" title="Martial law in the Philippines">
Martial law in the Philippines

Martial law in the Philippines (; Spanish: "ley marcial en Filipinas") refers to several intermittent periods in Philippine history wherein the Philippine head of state (such as the President) proclaims that an area is placed under the control of the Armed Forces of the Philippines. Martial law is declared either when there is near-violent civil unrest or in cases of major natural disasters, however most countries use a different legal construct like "state of emergency".
Typically, the imposition of martial law accompanies curfews, the suspension of civil law, civil rights, habeas corpus, and the application or extension of military law or military justice to civilians. Civilians defying martial law may be subjected to military tribunals (court-martial).
History of martial law proclamations.
Ramón Blanco.
Hostilities that began the Philippine Revolution of 1896 started on the evening of 29 August 1896, when hundreds of rebels attacked the Civil Guard garrison in Pasig, just as hundreds of other rebels personally led by Andrés Bonifacio were massing in San Juan del Monte, which they attacked hours later on the 30th. Bonifacio planned to capture the San Juan del Monte powder magazine along with a water station supplying Manila. The defending Spaniards were outnumbered, and fought off rebels until reinforcements arrived. Once reinforced, the Spaniards drove Bonifacio's forces back with heavy casualties. Elsewhere rebels attacked Mandaluyong, Sampaloc, Santa Ana, Pandacan, Pateros, Marikina, and Caloocan, as well as Makati and Taguig. Balintawak in Caloocan saw intense fighting. Rebel troops tended to gravitate towards fighting in San Juan del Monte and Sampaloc. South of Manila, a thousand-strong rebel force attacked a small force of civil guards. In Pandacan "Katipuneros" attacked the parish church, making the parish priest run for his life.
After their defeat in San Juan del Monte, Bonifacio's troops regrouped near Marikina, San Mateo and Montalban, where they proceeded to attack these areas. They captured these areas but were driven back by Spanish counterattacks, and Bonifacio eventually ordered a retreat to Balara. On the way, Bonifacio was nearly killed shielding Emilio Jacinto from a Spanish bullet that grazed his collar. Despite his reverses, Bonifacio was not completely defeated and was still considered a threat.
North of Manila, the towns of San Francisco de Malabon, Noveleta and Kawit in Cavite rose in rebellion. In Nueva Ecija rebels in San Isidro led by Mariano Llanera attacked the Spanish garrison on September 2–4; they were repulsed.
By 30 August, the revolt had spread to eight provinces, prompting the Spanish Governor-General Ramón Blanco, 1st Marquis of Peña Plata, to declare a "state of war" in these provinces and place them under martial law. These provinces were Manila, Bulacan, Cavite, Pampanga, Tarlac, Laguna, Batangas, and Nueva Ecija. These would later be represented in the eight rays of the Sun in the Philippine flag. Despite such declaration, which provided a 48-hour period in giving amnesty to rebels except their leaders, Blanco adopted a cool, conciliatory stance, seeking to improve Spain’s image in the face of world opinion.
Emilio Aguinaldo.
After the outbreak of Spanish–American War, Emilio Aguinaldo, who succeeded Bonifacio as the paramount leader of the revolution, returned to the Philippines from his exile in Hong Kong on 19 May 1898, with 13 of his staff. He was encouraged to return by the Americans, who saw in him as an opportunity in their war against Spain. After five days, on May 23, Aguinaldo issued a proclamation in which he assumed command of all Philippine military forces and established a dictatorial government with himself as dictator.
On 12 June, at Aguinaldo's ancestral home in Cavite, Philippine independence was proclaimed and The Act of Declaration of Philippine Independence was read. The act had been prepared and written in Spanish by Ambrosio Rianzares Bautista, who also read its proclamation. On 18 June, Aguinaldo issued a decree formally establishing his dictatorial government. On 23 June another decree signed by Aguinaldo was issued, replacing the Dictatorial Government with a Revolutionary Government, with himself as President.
José Laurel.
President José P. Laurel of the wartime Second Philippine Republic (puppet-government under Japan) placed the Philippines under martial law in 1944 through Proclamation No. 29, dated September 21. Martial law came into effect on September 22, 1944.Proclamation No. 30 was issued the next day, declaring the existence of a state of war between the Philippines and the US and Great Britain. This took effect on September 23, 1944.
Ferdinand Marcos.
In a privilege speech before Senate, Benigno Aquino, Jr. warned the public of the possible establishment of a “garrison state” by President Ferdinand Marcos. President Marcos imposed martial law on the nation from 1972 to 1981 to suppress increasing civil strife and the threat of a communist takeover following a series of bombings in Manila.
On 21 August 1971, while the opposition (Liberal Party) was having their "miting de avance" in Plaza Miranda, two fragmentation grenades exploded. It took 9 lives and left more than 100 people seriously wounded. Some Liberal Party candidates were seriously injured including Jovito Salonga, who nearly died and was visually impaired. Suspicion of responsibility for the blast initially fell upon Marcos, whom the Liberals blamed for the bombing; however, in later years, prominent personalities associated with the event have laid the blame on the Communist Party of the Philippines under José María Sison. In his autobiography, Salonga states his belief that Sison and the CPP were responsible.
A month of “terrorist bombing” of public facilities in Manila and Quezon City culminated on 22 September with a staged assassination attempt on Defense Secretary Juan Ponce Enrile. Claiming chaos and lawlessness was near, Marcos declared martial law, thereby suspending the 1935 Constitution, dissolving Congress, and assuming absolute power. Six hours after the Enrile assassination attempt, Marcos responded with the imposition of martial law. Proclamation № 1081 which imposed martial law was dated 21 September 1972, but it was actually signed on 17 September. The formal announcement of the proclamation was made only at seven-thirty in the evening of 23 September, about twenty-two hours after he had commanded his military collaborators to start arresting his political opponents and close down all media and retail (fashion, food, religious, sports) establishments.
The Proclamation read in part:
The declaration of martial law was initially well received by some segments of the people but became unpopular as excesses and human rights abuses by the military emerged. Torture was used in extracting information from their enemies.
Martial law was lifted by President Marcos on January 17, 1981. In the following years there was the assassination of Ninoy Aquino in 1983, the Snap Elections of 1986 and the People Power Revolution or EDSA Revolution in 1986 which led to Marcos, with the advice from the U.S. government, left the country and Cory Aquino becoming president.
Gloria Macapagal-Arroyo.
President Gloria Macapagal-Arroyo was planning to impose martial law to put an end to military coup plots, general civilian dissatisfaction, and criticism of the legitimacy of her presidency due to dubious election results. Instead, a "State of National Emergency" was imposed to crush a coup plot and to tackle protesters which lasted from February 24, 2006 until March 3 of the same year.
On December 4, 2009, through Proclamation No. 1959, President Macapagal-Arroyo has officially placed Maguindanao province under a state of martial law.
The declaration also suspended the writ of habeas corpus in the province. The announcement was made days after hundreds of government troops were sent to the province, which would later raid armories of the powerful Ampatuan clan. The Ampatuan family was implicated in the massacre that saw the murder of 57 persons, including women members of the rival Mangudadatu clan, human rights lawyers, and 31 media workers, in the worst incident of political violence in the nation's history. It has also been condemned worldwide as the worst loss of life of media professionals in one day in the history of journalism. President Macapagal-Arroyo lifted the state of martial law in Maguindanao last December 12 of the same year.

</doc>
<doc id="19771989" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19771989" title="Speed skating at the 1952 Winter Olympics – Men's 10000 metres">
Speed skating at the 1952 Winter Olympics – Men's 10000 metres

The 10000 metres speed skating event was part of the speed skating at the 1952 Winter Olympics programme. It was the last speed skating contest at this Games. The competition was held on Tuesday, February 19, 1952 at 10 a.m..
Thirty speed skaters from 12 nations competed.
Records.
These were the standing world and Olympic records (in minutes) prior to the 1952 Winter Olympics.
"(*)" The record was set on naturally frozen ice.
Four speed skaters were faster than the standing Olympic record. Hjalmar Andersen set a new Olympic record with 16:45.8 minutes.
Results.
Yoshiyasu Gomi fell once and Egbert van 't Oever fell twice. Ingar Nordlund and Johnny Werket gave up.

</doc>
<doc id="19771994" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19771994" title="Thomas Tennebø">
Thomas Tennebø

Thomas Tennebø (born 19 March 1975) is a Norwegian football player.
While playing for Fana IL, he was sold to Hartlepool United in 1999, playing thirteen league games, three League Cup games and one Football League Trophy game over two seasons.

</doc>
<doc id="19771996" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19771996" title="New Wave of British Heavy Metal '79 Revisited">
New Wave of British Heavy Metal '79 Revisited

"New Wave of British Heavy Metal '79 Revisited" is a compilation album of various songs by various artists of the NWOBHM. The compilation was assembled by Metallica drummer Lars Ulrich and music journalist Geoff Barton. [] and released in 1990 on Caroline Records and later Metal Blade Records.
Track listing.
Disc Two.
Tracks 13-18 on disc two are bonus tracks, found only on the CD version; however some versions of the CD have the bonus tracks in slightly different order.

</doc>
<doc id="19772018" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19772018" title="Suklamphaa">
Suklamphaa

Suklamphaa (1772–1774) or Ramdhwaj Singha was a king of the Ahom kingdom. His reign is known for the rise in power of Debera Borbarua and the beginning of a ten-year period of power struggles among high officials of the kingdom that saw quick changes in kings via court intrigues and internal armed conflicts.
Ancestry.
Ramdhwaj Singha was the third son of Namrupia Raja, the grandson of Sureng Deo Raja, great grandson of Ahom king Suhungmung. His grandfather Sureng Deo Raja was the founder of the Charingia branch of Royal Ahom Dynasty. Sureng Deo Raja was a valliant warrior, who fought many battles in military expedition against Sutiya Kingdom and Kachari kingdom during the reign of his father Suhungmung. He also fought against the invading forces of Koch kingdom led by Chilarai during the reign of his elder brother Suklenmung and his nephew Sukhaamphaa. The early name of Ramdhwaj Singha was Sarugohain. Both of his elder brothers, Chakradhwaj Singha and Udayaditya Singha ascended the throne and successively became kings of Ahom kingdom
Deposition of Udayaditya Singha.
Udayaditya Singha became a disciple of Paramananda Sannyasi, an ascetic who hailed of Gokulpur in Vrindaban. In his eagerness to enhance the prestige of his guru, the king ordered all his nobles and the twelve Vaishnava Mahantas or Monks of Thakuria denomination to become disciples of Paramananda Sannyasi. The nobles complied but the twelve Vaishnava Mahantas refused and were imprisoned. The imprisonment angered many including members of the Ahom nobility. Debera Hazarika, an Ahom officer of Lukhurakhun clan organized a plot to overthrow the reigning monarch Udayaditya Singha and place his brother Sarugohain on the throne instead. Accordingly he gathered the support of the three "Dangarias", the Burhagohain, the Borgohain and the Borpatrogohain, and broached the proposal to Sarugohain who readily accepted the offer. The prince gave vent to his resentment on the conduct of Udayaditya Singha,-"The Bairagi has become to my brother, not a mere hermit, but an object of extreme veneration, the Saheb of his head. The "Dangarias" have also accepted initiation from the Bairagi, and the twelve Mahantas have been summoned. Justice cannot tolerate this impious situation." Sarugohain and Debera collected around a thousand men and in November, 1672, they attacked the royal palace at mid-night. After overpowering the royal guards, Udayaditya Singha was seized while his supporters, including Paramananda Sannyasi, were tortured and later killed. Sarugohain entered in the Royal audience-chamber and declared himself the sovereign of Ahom Kingdom.
On the following day Udayaditya Singha was placed on a sedan and led to Charaideo Hill. His mother beseeched Sarugohain to spare the life of Udayaditya, or kill her along with the deposed monarch. Sarugohain consoled his mother saying that he and his brother would exercise joint domination, he from his head-quarter at Garhgaon and Udayaditya from his capital Charaideo. Udayaditya was instead put to death soon after his arrival at Charaideo. Before he breathed his last he had put a handful of rice in his mouth and said,--"An innocent is being killed! O, Great God, may retribution descend on him who is commiting this crime!" The three wives of Udayaditya were also put to death.
Accession to the throne.
In November 1672 CE, Sarugohain formally ascended the throne. He assumed the Hindu name Swargadeo Ramdhwaj Singha while the Tai-Ahom priest conferred upon him the title Suklamphaa. The new king tried to ease his conscience by instituting expiatory measures in atonement for the sin of fratricide. He appointed Brahmans to perform sacrificial rites at Galporaghat on which occasion he liberally distributed largesses to the priest and astrologers. He also assembled the Vaishnava devotees and arranged for religious music and recital which continued uninterrupted for seven days and nights.
Reign.
Execution of Borgohain and Charing Raja and appointment of Debera as Borbarua.
Debera Hazarika, the ring leader of the coup which ousted Udayaditya Singha, was dissatisfied with his position, as he felt that all others got the benefits of the new regime but him. He desired the post of Borbarua in which Ramdhwaj Singha had already appointed his trusted follower Ghorakonwar Borbarua. Therefore Debera decided to use trick and conspiracy to achieve his desired objective. During a visit to the Ahom shrine at Charaideo, Debera informed the king that the Charing Raja, the younger brother of Ramdhwaj Singha, and Langichang Borgohain had taken possession of the Palace at Garhgaon. The king dispatched a messenger on horseback to ascertain the truth of the report, and himself hurried back and took shelter at Kathalbari fort. The messenger returned with the information that all was quite at Garhgaon. Debera explained away the discrepancy by saying that a horse had been sent by the Borgohain to the Charing Raja, but the prince did not come, for which reason the plan to storm the palace at Garhgaon had to be abandoned. Debera then produced some false witnesses to support the allegation of conspiracy against Borgohain and Charing Raja. Without further enquiry, Ramdhwaj Singha sent emissaries to the residences of both Langichang Borgohain and Charing Raja, with orders to put them to death. Both Borgohain and Charing Raja were executed without any formal trial. 
Debera then accused Ghorakonwar Borbarua of being party to the conspiracy and produced evidence in support; with the result that Ghorakonwar Borbarua was removed from his office and sent home. Debera Hazarika then was appointed as the Borbarua and his nephew Chengmung Gohain, son of Nakjoi Dulia Barua, was appointed Borgohain.
Expedition against the Deori Sutiyas and Mishmis.
The Deori Sutiyas, in collaboration with the hill tribes of Abors and Mishmis, rose against the authority of Ahom king in Sadiya. Though the revolt started during the reign of Udayaditya Singha, it took serious turn during the reign of Ramdhwaj Singha. The king ordered Debera Borbarua to send an expedition to quell the rebellion. A force was sent against the rebels in Sadiya and the rebels were quickly defeated. Many of their males were deported and a yearly tribute of boats was exacted.
There was also trouble with the Mishmis, who has made a raid in Ahom territory. They surrounded a small detachment of 100 men which was sent against them, but submitted on the arrival of a stronger force under the Borphukan, and gave up the men responsible for the raid.
Illness of Ramdhwaj and the Issue of succession.
In 1674 CE, Ramdhwaj Singha fell ill being seized with an attack of dropsy. Debera Borbarua was at Gajpur supervising the arrangements for the consecration ceremony of the Narwa Thakur’s monastery which the king had intended to attend. Hearing about the illness of the king, Debera quickly returned to the capital Garhgaon and then employed expert physicians for the treatment of the king. At that time, most of the prominent nobles, which include Atan Burhagohain and Laluk Sola Borphukan were stationed at Guwahati in order to repel possible Mughal attack from Bengal. Therefore apart from Debera Borbarua, the remaining officers at Garhgaon were of junior ranks, allowing Debera Borbarua to exercise full authority in the Capital.
Ramdhwaj Singha’s growing illness compelled him to summon all the nobles present in the Capital to make arrangements for a peaceful succession in the event of his sudden demise. He suggested the names of Kalia Gohain, the son of Udayaditya Singha, and his two younger brothers Narayan Gohain Tipam Raja and Ban Gohain Namrupia Raja as his intended successors. The nobles expressed their willingness to abide by the recommendations of Ramdhwaj Singha. But after coming out of the royal presence, Debera Borbarua decided to oppose the elevation of all the three intended successors of the king as they might prove to be hostile towards him in future. On the other hands, the remaining nobles decided to implement the king’s proposal by placing on the throne his first nominee Kalia Gohain. Debera therefore decided to launch offensive against these officers. He summoned to the king’s chamber all the Phukans and Hazarikas on the pretext of a serious turn to the monarch’s illness, and he killed one by one during the course of one single night, twenty-four Hazarikas and all the Phukans of the Capital Garhgaon. The king came out of the bed, leaning on the person of his senior consort, and asked Debera about what was happening. Debera justified the massacre of the Phukans and Hazarikas by pointing out that they were all enemies of the king, and that he should not therefore feel aggrieved.
Dispute between Ramdhwaj and Debera.
The high handed actions of Debera Borbarua were too much for Ramdhwaj Singha to bear. The king called Tangachu Phukan ( he was also known as Narayan Khanikar Phukan ) and asked him to finish Debera once for all, in return the king promised to elevate Tangasu Phukan to the post of Borphukan. Debera received this intelligence from one of the palace maid, whom Debera had honoured with gifts and presents. Tangasu Phukan and his two brothers namely, the Charingia Phukan and the Tipamia Phukan, visited Debera’s residence with swords concealed in rolls of mats, and asked Debera to listen to a message from the king. As the Phukans approached Debera he attacked them with his sword and killed them on the spot. Debera then asked his attentdents, to killed all the officers who stand against him. Ramdhwaj Singha came out of his bed chamber and heard about the failure in executing Debera and the following massacre of the officers in Garhgaon. He then returned to his bed with the consternation and grief, aggravated by the consciousness of his inability to deal appropriately with the arch-fiend Debera.
Death.
Debera could visualize the consequences of the king’s eventual recovery from his present physical prostration. Debera directed Saona Tamuli to ask Kharmaju Bez, a physician attending the sick monarch, to mix poison with the medicine to be administered to the patient. With no alternative left, Kharmaju was forced to obey the wish of Debera Borbarua, and the next dose of medicine brought the mortal years of Swargadeo Ramdhwaj Singha to an end. The event took place in November 1674, three days after the second massacre of the officials of Garhgaon. Ramdhwaj Singha’s Chief Queen,the one who always advised the monarch against Debera Borbarua, daughter of Chapara khowa Gohain was buried alive with her deceased husband.
Legacy.
Swargadeo Ramdhwaj Singha was a disciple of the Narwa Thakur and therefore he made every attempt to enhance his Guru’s power and prestige, and became instrumental in obtaining more disciples for the Mahanta. A monastery was constructed for the Narwa Thakur at Gajpur under the order of Swargadeo Ramdhwaj Singha.
The reign of Ramdhwaj Singha ushered the age of ministerial supremacy, during which the ministers hold the actual power behind the throne and kings became mere puppet in their hands. The instability and power struggle between various factions of Ahom nobles further destabilize the country and people of both high and low suffered from lack of security and peace. Even though Ramdhwaj tried to reassert his authority by planning to kill Debera Borbarua, his witty minister not only escapes the assassination bid but committed massacre of Ahom officials in Garhgaon twice and finally brought an end to his master’s life.

</doc>
<doc id="19772027" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19772027" title="The Caliph's House">
The Caliph's House

"The Caliph's House" is a travel book by Anglo-Afghan author, Tahir Shah.
Unwilling to raise his two infant children in England, Tahir Shah drags them and his Indian-born wife to Morocco, where he traveled as a child. It was there that his grandfather, the savant Sirdar Ikbal Ali Shah, passed the last decade of his life (he moved to Tangier after his wife died in 1960, declaring that he would go to a land where he had never been together). Shah's father was equally obsessed with Morocco, largely it seems because it reminded him of his native Afghanistan, in terms of the culture, climate and geography.
 Arriving in 2004, Shah and his family move into a Jinn-filled mansion in the middle of a Casablanca shantytown. The house, named Dar Khalifa, (which translated as 'The Caliph's House), describes in detail the highs and lows of the relocation to what was essentially an unfamiliar country. The house came equipped with three hereditary guardians, who control every facet of life, straining to remind the Shahs of the danger of the Jinn. Eventually a grand exorcism was acted out, with the slaughter of animals and so forth, to the delight of the guardians.
 The Caliph's House was published in 2006 on both sides of the Atlantic, and has been followed by a series of translations in a number of languages, including Spanish, French, German, Italian, Swedish and Dutch. The wide appeal of this book seems to be the way in which it imparts (albeit in a humorous way) a deeper understanding of Arab culture—which is of interest in the post-9/11 world. The sequel, "In Arabian Nights", picks up where this book leaves off.
 The Caliph's House was nominated as one of TIME magazine's 10 Best Books of 2006 It was also selected to be read on BBC Radio 4's Book of the Week. The book is to be the basis for a feature film, written and directed by identical twin Hollywood writers Chad and Carey Hayes.

</doc>
<doc id="19772030" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19772030" title="Karsten Alnæs">
Karsten Alnæs

Karsten Alnæs (born 29 May 1938) Norwegian author, historian, and journalist, received advanced dual degrees in history and literature from the University of Oslo. Before becoming a full-time author, he worked as a journalist and taught at the Norwegian School of Journalism. His bibliography includes 15 novels, 3 children’s books, a collection of novellas, and an equal number of non–fiction works.
A prolific author, Alnæs has had his novels chosen by the Norwegian Book Club. Several of his works have broken publishing records. He was awarded the Brage Prize in 1992 for the novel "Trollbyen", and the honorary prize in 2003 for the cultural impact of his literary work. He received the Dobloug Prize in 1998.
His series The History of Norway (5 volumes; 1996–2000) received the Sverre Steen Prize of the Norwegian Historical Society and topped the bestseller list for non–fiction in Norway. It became the basis of a TV-series, with Alnæs as host and director. The 16 programs were telecast nationwide by NRK, with a record–breaking number of viewers. 
His book series The History of Europe (4 volumes; 2003–2006) has been translated into several languages. Like its predecessor, it is still in print. 
Alnæs was twice elected president of the Norwegian Authors' Association 1985–1987 and 1999–2001, and has long been active in PEN International. He is a popular speaker on the international lecture circuit and serves as the lone representative for the Scandinavian countries on the European Cultural Parliament.
He was born in Hønefoss, and is a cand.philol. by education.
Bibliography.
1971 Roles and Patterns in Mass Media. Non–Fiction. Journalism. [Roller og mønstre i
 massemedia]*
1971 On Access to Language. Non–Fiction. Journalism. språklig tilgjengelighet
1973 Language and Mass Media. Non–Fiction. og massemedier 
1975 Wasps. Short Stories. – noveller
1976 The Campaign. Historical Novel. 
1977 Gaia. Novel. 
1978 Lord of the Ocean, Serf of the Sea. Historical Novel. og sjøtrell 
1981 Big Bang and Blue Days. Novel. Kjempesmell og blå dager - roman 
1982 The Retinue of Fleeing Kings. Novel kongers følge 
1983 Come Love. Novel. kjærlighet
1984 The History of Norway and the World Before 1850. Non–Fiction. Textbook for upper secondary school.
1985 Island. Novel. [Øy] 
1986 The Sea Monster. A Narrative. [Sjøgossen]
1986 The Green Land. Children’s book. grøne landet
1989 The Boy From Duck River. Historical Novel. 1814
1992 The Magic City. Novel. 
1993 A Peculiar City. Non–Fiction. Coauthor of Anthology on Oslo. forunderlige by
1994 Sabina. Novel.
1996 There is a Land. The History of Norway. Vol. 1. ligger et land. Historien om Norge 1
1997 Under Foreign Rule. The History of Norway. Vol. 2. [Under fremmed styre. Historien om
 Norge 2] 
1998 Toward Modern Times. The History of Norway. Vol. 3. [Mot moderne tider. Historien om
 Norge 3] 
1999 Toward a New Working Day. The History of Norway. Vol. 4. [En ny arbeidsdag. Historien
 om Norge 4]
2000 Barcelona. A Catalan Fireworks. A Cultural Guide. Et katalansk fyrverkeri
2000 Fifty Rich Years. The History of Norway. Vol. 5. rike år. Historien om Norge
2001 The History of Norway in Story and Picture. om Norge i bilder og fortellinger 
2002 Lisbon. A Travel Diary.
2002 A Stranger. Novel. fremmed
2003 The History of Norway. An Instructional Guide. om Norge – spørrebok 
2003 The History of Europe I, 1300–1600. om Europa 1 (1300–1600)
2004 The History of Europe II, 1600–1800. om Europa 2 (1600–1800) 
2005 The History of Europe III, 1800–1900. om Europa 3 (1800–1900) 
2006 The History of Europe IV, 1900–1945. om Europa 4 (1900–1945) 
2007 Strapping My Skis. Cultural History. spenner mine ski
2008 Back Behind All Colors. Novel. all farger
2009 Sophie, Don’t Die! Historical Novel. dø, Sophie!
Awards (Selected).
1976 The Aschehoug Prize for The Campaign as best novel of the year. 
1992 The Brage Prize for The Magic City
1992 The Norwegian Booksellers Prize for The Magic City
1998 The Doubloug Prize
2000 The Sverre Steen Prize of the Norwegian Historical Society 
2003 The Honorary Brage Prize.

</doc>
<doc id="19772042" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19772042" title="William Garvie">
William Garvie

William Garvie (1837 – December 15, 1872) was a lawyer, journalist and political figure in Nova Scotia, Canada. He represented Halifax County in the Nova Scotia House of Assembly as a Liberal from 1871 to 1872.
He was born in the West Indies, the son of John Garvie, of Scottish descent, and came to Halifax with his parents. In 1863, with Edmund Mortimer McDonald, he founded the "Halifax Citizen", a newspaper opposed to Confederation. In 1866, Garvie retired from the paper, studied law at Lincoln's Inn and was called to the bar there in 1869. In 1870, he returned to Nova Scotia, setting up practice in Halifax. The following year, he was named commissioner of public works and mines in the province's Executive Council. Ill with consumption, he was only able to appear once in the provincial assembly, speaking in support of the government. Garvie died at Hyères in the south of France while attempting to recover from the disease.

</doc>
<doc id="19772051" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19772051" title="Trail of Feathers">
Trail of Feathers

Trail of Feathers is a travel book by Anglo-Afghan author, Tahir Shah.
Shah was enthralled by a line from the chronicle of a sixteenth-century monk, which said that the Incas ‘flew like birds’ over the jungle, and by the recurring theme of flying in Peruvian folklore, and in the book he set out to discover whether the Incas really did fly or glide above the jungles of Peru. Or, the author wondered, was the Spanish cleric alluding to flight of a different kind – flight inspired by a powerful hallucinogen?
After gathering equipment in London – and advice from the British explorer Wilfred Thesiger – the long quest began.
Shah went first to the mountains of Peru and a trek to Machu Picchu, the Incas’ most sacred city, then on to the mountain city of Cusco and a mysterious island on the great glittering expanse of Lake Titicaca. Picking up clues as he went, Shah's trail took him on to the coast and through the desert, to the immense animal-like etchings which form the Nazca Lines, and a remote burial ground for thirty thousand mummified corpses. And finally he took an extended river journey up the Amazon to discover the secrets of the Shuar, a tribe of infamous savagery living in the deep jungle of the Upper Amazon.
In the course of this journey, much was learnt much about the Spanish treatment of the Incas, about Peruvian folklore and magic, about the great but brief Amazon rubber boom of the nineteenth century, about head-shrinking, shamanic knowledge and plant-based hallucinogens.
Even though Shah was used to surreal adventures, there were many strange, gruesome and sometimes humorous encounters and physical challenges, among madmen and dreamers, sorcerers, con-men and jungle experts, before he could at last discover the truth about the Birdmen of Peru.

</doc>
<doc id="19772059" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19772059" title="The Virginia Belles">
The Virginia Belles

The Virginia Belles is the University of Virginia's oldest all-female a cappella group based in Charlottesville, Virginia. The group was established in 1977 by Katherine Mitchell as the female counterpart to the Virginia Gentlemen, the university's oldest a cappella group. Completely student-run, the Belles continue to perform an eclectic range of vocal music from oldies and classic rock to indie and R&B. They sing in and around Charlottesville, and up and down the East Coast and all across the U.S. (often wearing little black dresses), and have received awards and honors from internationally acclaimed organizations such as the Contemporary A Cappella Society, Varsity Vocals, and the Recorded A Cappella Review Board.
History.
The Belles were founded in the fall of 1977 by Katherine Mitchell, a student at the University of Virginia. A woman who continues to love music, Katherine noticed then that there was no outlet for female a cappella at the university. The Virginia Gentlemen, the university's oldest all-male a cappella group had been established since 1953, so Katherine formed The Virginia Belles as the female counterpart to the Virginia Gentlemen. Initially the Belles were a select part of the Virginia Women's Chorus. The most talented members of the Women's Chorus were asked to audition for the Belles, singing both madrigal and popular music. Today, the Belles hold auditions every semester for every female student at the university to attend.
The Belles Today.
The Belles today are a Contracted Independent Organization run through UVA's student council and are no longer a part of the Women's Chorus. The group is entirely student-run and affiliated with the UVA McIntire Department of Music. The Belles sing for almost every type of occasion, be it fundraising events on Grounds, private parties, weddings, sports events, concerts, or business meetings. The Belles are known for wearing their signature "little black dresses" to perform around the country. 
The Belles are currently signed with A Cappella Records, an all-digital record label for a cappella music. Their music can be purchased on iTunes and Amazon.com.
Fall Roll.
The Belles tour the East Coast every year on a trip they call Fall Roll, visiting numerous other schools, colleges, and universities. Past trips have included visits with the Harvard Din & Tonics, The Yale Alley Cats, University of Pennsylvania Penchants, Vanderbilt Dodecaphonics, Davidson Generals, Clemson Tigeroar, University of Georgia Accidentals, and The Hill School in Pennsylvania, Darlington School in Georgia, etc.). The University of Virginia's Fall Break is always reserved for this excursion.
CD Production.
The Belles record and release a new CD biyearly. They have released numerous CDs throughout the years, garnering praise and national acclaim from fans and the a cappella community. Their repertoire today continues to be an eclectic mix of all different genres of music.
Up until 2007, the group spent their recording career with accomplished sound engineers Paul Brier and Chris Doermann, formerly of Virginia Arts Recording in Charlottesville, VA. However, with the release of "Taking Every Detour", the group switched the production studios of both Brier and UVA alum James Gammon with James Gammon Productions. With their album "acaBELLEa", James Gammon Productions took over the entire recording, editing, production, and mastering processes. James Gammon is an alumnus of The Academical Village People, an all-male a cappella group at the University of Virginia. His clients have won many national and international a cappella awards thanks to his success in the studio. The Belles' most recent album, "Good Morning Mr. Jefferson," was released in March 2011 and had a track featured on Voices Only 2011, "Love, Save the Empty."

</doc>
<doc id="19772062" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19772062" title="Rashid Ali (disambiguation)">
Rashid Ali (disambiguation)

Rashid Ali al-Gaylani (1892–1965) was Prime Minister of Iraq.
Rashid Ali may also refer to:
Rashied Ali, 1933-2009, was an American free jazz drummer

</doc>
<doc id="19772073" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19772073" title="Perniki">
Perniki

Perniki () is a small settlement on the Mežakla Plateau in the Municipality of Gorje in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.

</doc>
<doc id="19772079" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19772079" title="Béthune (river)">
Béthune (river)

The Béthune is a river of Normandy, France, in length, flowing through the department of Seine-Maritime and it is a tributary of the Arques River. The French Sandre regulators however, consider the Béthune as the Arques for all its length.
Geography.
The river’s source is at the village of Gaillefontaine near to Forges-les-Eaux. Its valley is wholly within the pays de Bray. Its course takes it past the communes of Neufchâtel-en-Bray, Mesnières-en-Bray, Bures-en-Bray, Osmoy-Saint-Valery, Saint-Vaast-d'Équiqueville, Dampierre-Saint-Nicolas, Saint-Aubin-le-Cauf and finally Arques-la-Bataille where it joins the Eaulne and the Varenne Rivers to form the Arques River
Like other rivers in the region, the Béthune is classified as a first class river, offering anglers the chance to catch salmon and trout.

</doc>
<doc id="19772082" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19772082" title="Rune Vindheim">
Rune Vindheim

Rune Vindheim (born 15 May 1972) is a retired Norwegian football player who is currently the manager of Fana IL.
Player career.
While playing for Fana IL, he was sold to Burnley in 1998, playing eight league games, one FA Cup game and one Football League Trophy game. He was then sold to Hartlepool United in 1999, playing seven league games and one FA Cup game.
Managing career.
Vindheim became assistant coach of Fana IL ahead of the 2010 season. The season ended with relegation, and he was promoted to head coach. Vindheim and Fana subsequently won promotion from the 2011 Norwegian Third Division.

</doc>
<doc id="19772086" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19772086" title="Mount Chamah">
Mount Chamah

Gunung Chamah lies in the north-western corner of Kelantan and is the ﬁfth highest mountain in Peninsular Malaysia. It is one of the Peninsula's G7 (mountains above 7,000 ft/2,134m). Gunung in Malay literally means mountains with an elevation of 1,000 m and above. In Peninsular Malaysia, there are several of these mountains located along the main mountain ranges called the Titiwangsa Range. On one of these popular mountain peaks is the Gunung Chamah with an elevation of 2,171m.
During the heyday of communist insurgency, this area was totally out of bounds for ordinary citizens. However, after the peace agreement between the Malaysian government and the Communist signed in Hatyai, South Thailand during the 80s, the authorities in Malaysia began to relax their rules on jungle trekking on the Titiwangsa Range.
Today, jungle trekking and mountaineering is one of the most popular outdoor sports/activities in Malaysia. Thanks to the peace agreement made some 20 years ago, more and more Malaysian youths are opting for this activities as it will be more fun and adventuring as more species of flora and fauna are being discovered in the forest. It is most evident during the holiday seasons that most of the mountain tops in the Peninsular are jammed with hikers and trekkers. Preparations, training and bookings for permits and transport have to be done months ahead.
Gunung Chamah is one of the harder mountains, because of getting there (to the start of the trek) as well as the trek itself. However, it is also one of the best treks, as the place is rather untouched and beautiful. Be careful, as tigers still roam around the treks there.
Climbing Gunung Chamah, the fifth highest mountain in Peninsular Malaysia, has always been a challenge.

</doc>
<doc id="19772090" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19772090" title="The Middle East Bedside Book">
The Middle East Bedside Book

The Middle East Bedside Book is a collection of stories and information about the Middle East, edited by Anglo-Afghan author, Tahir Shah.
"The Middle East Bedside Book "contains a treasury of proverbs, etiquette, information and ideas to have come out of the Middle East, and Arab culture. Shah's standing as someone who straddles the East and the West enables him to see both societies in a way that others are unable to observe. Among the material included are teaching stories on the subjects of chivalry at honor, bravery and courage, such as the Tale of Hatim Tai. There is mention, too, that King Offa of Mercia struck a gold dinar (now found in London's British Museum) stating in Arabic the epithet, 'There is no God but Allah'. The collection also shows that Chaucer, Shakespeare, Dante and others drew upon Arab sources in their work.
Reception.
Talking about both Tahir Shah's "The Middle East Bedside Book" and Safia Shah's "Afghan Caravan", Nobel prize-winning author Doris Lessing writes in "The Sufis and Idries Shah": "Both are full of delights; there is a great deal that is surprising; and, as with all books from that source, we are reminded of a generosity and largeness of mind in a culture that once, long ago, gave us the concept of chivalry."

</doc>
<doc id="19772105" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19772105" title="Podhom">
Podhom

Podhom () is a settlement in the Municipality of Gorje in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia. In addition to the main settlement, it also consists of the hamlets of Spodnji Graben, Gabrce, Vintgar, and Vršce to the west.
Name.
The name "Podhom" is a fused prepositional phrase that has lost its case ending, from "pod" 'below' + "Hom" 'Hom Hill'. Hom Hill (834 m) stands north of Podhom. The name "Podhom" therefore literally means 'below Hom Hill'. Podhom was known as "Buchheim" in 19th-century German.
Notable people.
Notable people that were born or lived in Podhom include:

</doc>
<doc id="19772124" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19772124" title="John Vaughn (disambiguation)">
John Vaughn (disambiguation)

John Vaughn is an American football placekicker.
John Vaughn may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19772125" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19772125" title="Poljšica pri Gorjah">
Poljšica pri Gorjah

Poljšica pri Gorjah () is a settlement in the Municipality of Gorje in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.
Name.
The name of the settlement was changed from "Poljšica" to "Poljšica pri Gorjah" in 1953.

</doc>
<doc id="19772127" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19772127" title="Anand Narayan">
Anand Narayan

Anand Narayan (born 4 October 1985 in Kerala, India) is a television personality and an upcoming playback singer, from India. He hosted 'Josco Indian Voice', a highly-acclaimed music reality show on Mazhavil Manorama, the HD entertainment channel launched by Malayala Manorama.
Anand, shot into fame as a presenter-cum-performer on Amrita TV Let's Dance the first-ever dance reality show for pairs on malayalam television. Formerly he was noted as a talented contestant on other music reality shows such as Amrita TV Super Star Global [http://www.amritatv.com/ssg/, Idea Star Singer 2006 and SS Music Voice Hunt.
He has also worked as show-host on Kiran TV and Asianet Plus.
Hailing from the city of Thiruvananthapuram, (Kerala, India), he did his schooling at Loyola School and pursued his B.Tech degree in Computer Science from SCT College of Engineering. After graduation he went on to become a software engineer, based out of Bangalore. Presently he is a popular stage performer, singer and presenter who has given performances all across India, and in countries like US, UK, Russia, Germany, Switzerland, UAE, Vietnam, etc.
As a playback singer his first song was "Mamboo Paadam..", from the movie Orkkuka Vallappozhum. Set to tune by M Jayachandran, this song earned him a 'Radio Mirchi Music Award' Nomination for the 'Best Upcoming Singer' in 2009. In 2010 he sang for the Mammootty movie Best Actor wherein he wrote the rap lyrics as well. The album won a 'Radio Mirchi Music Award' that year

</doc>
<doc id="19772135" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19772135" title="House of the Tiger King">
House of the Tiger King

House of the Tiger King is a travel book by Anglo-Afghan author, Tahir Shah.
When the Spanish Conquistadors swept through Peru in the sixteenth century, they were searching for great golden treasure. In 1572 they stormed the Inca stronghold of Vilcabamba, only to find the city deserted, burned, and already stripped of its wealth. According to legend the Incas had retreated deep into the jungle where they built another magnificent city in an inaccessible quarter of the cloud forest.
For more than four centuries explorers and adventurers, archaeologists and warrior-priests have searched for the gold and riches of the Incas, and this lost city of Paititi, known by the local Machiguenga tribe as ‘The House of the Tiger King’.
After the lost city obsession had gnawed away at Tahir Shah for almost a decade, he could stand it no more. He put together an expedition and set out into Peru’s Madre de Dios jungle, the densest cloud forest on earth. He teamed up with Pancho, a Machiguenga warrior who asserted that in his youth he came upon a massive series of stone ruins deep in the jungle. Pancho’s ambition was to leave the jungle and visit a ‘live’, bustling city, so the two men made a pact: if Pancho took Shah to Paititi, then Shah would take Pancho to the Peruvian capital.
House of the Tiger King is the tale of Shah’s adventure to find the greatest lost city of the Americas, and the treasure of the Incas. Along the way he found himself considering others who have spent decades in pursuit of lost cities, and asks why anyone would find it necessary to mount such a quest at all.
The project was also the basis for a feature documentary film of the same name and the book was selected to be read on BBC Radio 4's Book of the Week.

</doc>
<doc id="19772137" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19772137" title="Pantai Dalam">
Pantai Dalam

Pantai Dalam is a residential area located south-west of Kuala Lumpur, under the parliamentary constituency of Lembah Pantai. Represented in Dewan Rakyat by Parti Keadilan Rakyat (PKR), Nurul Izzah Anwar. She defeated Dato Sharizat Abdul Jalil in last general election.
Demographics.
Most of the areas residents are blue-collar workers living in flats that had been sold to them under the People's Housing Project when they were resettled from their squatter homes; students of the University of Malaya; and police officers and related personnel, mainly in Desa Aman 1 & 2.
The population is made up of 49% Malays, 19% Chinese and 32% Indians. Some squatters are still waiting to buy homes under this project, which was announced by Prime Minister Abdullah Ahmad Badawi prior to the 12th Malaysian general election, 2008.
Pantai Dalam is well connected to the other parts of Klang Valley via the New Pantai Expressway and the Federal Highway.
Transportation.
Public transport in Pantai Dalam covers a variety of transport modes such as bus, rail and taxi. Buses include RapidKL buses and Metrobus Nationwide. Rail service is available from KTM Komuter at Pantai Dalam Komuter station, Petaling Komuter station, and Angkasapuri Komuter station' and from the Kelana Jaya Line at Kerinchi LRT station, Abdullah Hukum LRT station, and Universiti LRT station.
Neighborhoods.
There are many smaller residential areas that form the larger area of Pantai Dalam, including:

</doc>
<doc id="19772142" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19772142" title="Francis O'Leary">
Francis O'Leary

Francis Aloysius O'Leary MBE (1931–2000) was a Roman Catholic priest and missionary who founded the St Joseph's Hospice Association, an international network of hospices known as Jospice. O'Leary was awarded the membership in Order of the British Empire in 1996.
Life.
Francis Aloysius O'Leary was born 18 June 1931 in Crosby, Liverpool, England, the youngest of three children. At the age of 11, O'Leary entered the seminary of Mill Hill Fathers at Freshfield. He later attended seminaries at Burn Hall, County Durham, and St Joseph's College in Roosendaal, Netherlands. O'Leary was ordained on 8 July 1956. After earning a post-graduate degree from Glasgow University in 1960, he was posted to Pakistan.
O'Leary was assigned as a missionary in Rawalpindi, Pakistan. In 1962, while attending to a sick woman in an empty mud hut, O'Leary realized the need for a hospice care facility. In 1964, he opened the first hospice in Rawalpindi. After receiving advice from Mother Teresa, O'Leary obtained loans and donations to establish more facilities. O'Leary established several hospices in Peru, Colombia, Ecuador, Honduras and Guatemala. He also founded three facilities in England.
In 1973, O'Leary was the subject of the British television program "This Is Your Life" when he was surprised by Eamonn Andrews. He was awarded the 1974 Daniel Carrion Medal for his medical work in Peru. In 1996, O'Leary was awarded an MBE membership.
O'Leary died at age 69 on 4 October 2000.
The leader of England's Roman Catholics, Archbishop Vincent Nichols was a cousin of Father O'Leary, and is current president of the Jospice organisation.

</doc>
<doc id="19772187" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19772187" title="Ego Trip (Kurtis Blow album)">
Ego Trip (Kurtis Blow album)

Ego Trip is rapper Kurtis Blow's fifth album, released in 1984 (see 1984 in music). The only charting singles were "8 Million Stories," which peaked at 45 on the Hot Black Singles chart, and "Basketball," which peaked at 71 on the Hot 100.

</doc>
<doc id="19772214" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19772214" title="William Vaughn">
William Vaughn

William Vaughn may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19772225" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19772225" title="Eldrid Lunden">
Eldrid Lunden

Eldrid Lunden (born 5 October 1940) is a Norwegian poet, and Norway's first professor in creative writing, at Telemark University College. She was awarded the Dobloug Prize in 1989, and the Brage Prize honorary award in 2000. 
Lunden belonged to the circle surrounding the modernist literary magazine "Profil".
She was born in Naustdal and took her cand.philol. degree at the University of Oslo.

</doc>
<doc id="19772226" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19772226" title="Martin Hollund">
Martin Hollund

Martin Hollund (born 11 August 1974) is a Norwegian former footballer who played as a goalkeeper. During his active career he played for Brann and Løv-Ham in Norway, and Hartlepool United in England. He has later worked as a goalkeeper coach for Løv-Ham and Fyllingdalen.
Career.
He hails from Bømlo. While playing for Brann, he was sold to Hartlepool United in 1997, playing 117 league games over five seasons. He retired from top-level football after the 2006 season. In 2007 he was a goalkeeper coach for Løv-Ham as well as a striker for Bremnes.
Even though he had retired from professional football, Hollund was on the bench for Løv-Ham in the 2010 season, and in the 2011 season he was Løv-Ham's third choice goalkeeper. On 3 October 2011 he made his first appearance for the club since he retired in 2006, when he came in as a substitute after Johan Thorbjørnsen was sent off. He also played the next match due to Thorbjørnsen's suspension and second-choice goalkeeper Harald Aksnes' injury.
After the merge of Løv-Ham and Fyllingen, Hollund continued as goalkeeper coach of Fyllingsdalen.
Statistics.
1Includes one Third Division play-off match.

</doc>
<doc id="19772238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19772238" title="Mosasauroidea">
Mosasauroidea

Mosasauroidea is an extinct superfamily of Late Cretaceous lizards that includes the highly marine mosasaurs and their relatives the "aigialosaurs".

</doc>
<doc id="19772245" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19772245" title="Puthisean Neang Kong rey (film)">
Puthisean Neang Kong rey (film)

Puthisen Neang Kong Rey (ពុទិសែន នាងកង្រី)( "Puthisen and Lady Kong Rey", also known as "Twelve Sisters" ) is a 1968 Cambodian film based on a Cambodian myth of the Twelve Sisters whose heroine is Lady Kong Rey, after whom a mountain range in Kampong Chhnang was named. The film has been re-released twice, in 2000 and 2002, and aired on the Cambodian channel "Royal Cambodian Armed Forces Television".

</doc>
<doc id="19772249" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19772249" title="CADMOS">
CADMOS

CADMOS is a submarine telecommunications cable system in the Mediterranean Sea linking Cyprus and the Lebanon.
It has landing points in:
It has a design transmission capacity of 622 Mbit/s and a total cable length of 230 km. It started operation on 8 September 1995.

</doc>
<doc id="19772266" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19772266" title="Stéphane Agbre Dasse">
Stéphane Agbre Dasse

Stéphane Agbre Dasse (born 5 July 1989 in Bingerville), is a Burkinabe football defender, who plays for S.C. Olhanense in the Primeira Liga.
Career.
Stéphane began his career 2006 with F.C. Porto who was called to the first squad in June 2008, in July the same year loaned out to end of the season to the Liga de Honra club S.C. Olhanense, after a good season his club S.C. Olhanense pulled the sold option and he signed a contract between 30 June 2012.
International career.
The Ivorian born Stéphane was called for the Burkina Faso national football team match in the 2010 FIFA World Cup qualification against Guinea on 28 March 2009.
Despite being capped by the Burkina Faso national team, as of January 2012, the Burkinabè Football Association no long believe the player to be eligible for the national squad.

</doc>
<doc id="19772271" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19772271" title="Do-Re-Mi (EP)">
Do-Re-Mi (EP)

Do-Ré-Mi or Standing on Wires is the debut EP album by Australian rock/pop group Do-Ré-Mi which was released by independent label Green Records in August 1982. The album has four tracks, which were written by lead vocalist Deborah Conway, drummer Dorland Bray, bass guitarist Helen Carter and guitarist Stephen Philip. Philip had been a session musician but was invited to join the band during recording in July.
Background.
Do-Ré-Mi had formed in Sydney in 1981 when Deborah Conway (lead vocals) and Dorland Bray (drums, percussion, backing vocals), both previously in Melbourne-based group The Benders, joined Helen Carter (bass, backing vocals) ex-Friction. Stephen Philip (guitar), ex-Thought Criminals, was initially a studio musician for this EP. "Do-Ré-Mi" was recorded in July 1982 and Philip was asked to join formally by its release in August. They returned to the studio almost immediately and recorded their next EP "The Waiting Room" which was released in January 1983.
Carter later said, "When we did release the first EP we didn't even put on it what everybody did; we just put our names on it and that really shat everybody off. Definitely the press hated us. The success of it, which had a lotto do with 2JJ in those days, was a real surprise."
Tracklisting.
All tracks were written by Deborah Conway, Dorland Bray, Helen Carter and Stephen Philip.
Personnel.
Do-Ré-Mi members

</doc>
<doc id="19772294" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19772294" title="Master Crook's Crime Academy">
Master Crook's Crime Academy

Master Crook's Crime Academy is a 4-part crime series by Terry Deary.
The saga is set in the Victorian Era - 1837, and follows the adventures of Smiff Smith and his companion; the story arc being the misdeeds of juvenile felons and the mystery of Master Crook's identity. The prime suspect is Mr Dreep, but the author provides evidence suggesting otherwise. The series has also been adapted into an animated TV show, which has an ‘Oliver Twist’ style setting, and is set at the time the first police officers were introduced to England. The animation style has been describes as ‘Ice Age’ meets ‘Tim Burton’.Terry is in discussions to turn the books into an international animated film series [http://www.terry-deary.com/pg/television-and-movies.
Plot.
The story begins as Smiff Smith is told to rob a bucket for his mother. While doing so a mysterious man named Dreep approaches his mother with the prospect of bringing little Smiff under his wing and teaching him how to commit crimes the professional way; without the wait of practise or a complicated fee; with Smiff's mother receiving half the profits.
Smiff then meets another child and they become collaborators, teaming up in their first professional robbery, a robbery of the town mayor. 
Mayhem, among other things, ensues.
Critical response.
Jim Sheng of Iworth's Blog [http://en.dayabook.com/2009/12/master-crook-crime-academy.html] said of the series: "This book is quite funny, just as one of the reviewer said: a book this funny should be against the law!"
Liam H of Shelfari [http://www.shelfari.com/liam_thebookworm/reviews] said of Burglary for Beginners: "I didn't mind this book, I probably would've enjoyed it more if I was in grade 3-4 so on, but it was written by a very creative person with a good sense of humour. It is good for young readers, and this ties in nicely with the horrible history books." 
Eileen McKnight-Smith, a bookseller commented on TheBookseller.com [http://www.thebookseller.com/news/84180-page.html], about the selling of the title Burglary for Beginners: "The first book in the series...Burglary for Beginners... is already selling like hot cakes...one of the best children's novels I have read in a long time. I'm really looking forward to the whole week especially as it involves dressing up...still not sure whether to be a Rotten Roman or a Vile Victorian... well, even a poor bookseller's entitled to some happiness."
An entry for Safe-cracking for Students at Christchurt Kids Blog [http://christchurchkids.wordpress.com/2010/04/] said: "This is the latest book in the Master Crook’s Crime Academy series by the author of the Horrible Histories books. Wildpool’s filthy rich are delighted – with a new bank in town, at last their money will be safe from thieving hands. But they haven’t banked on the wit, skill and genius of the Crime Academy students, who are preparing for the greatest bank robbery of all time. If you like books with a bit of history and a lot of laughs, this is for you."

</doc>
<doc id="19772309" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19772309" title="11th century in Ireland">
11th century in Ireland


</doc>
<doc id="19772315" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19772315" title="St. John's Regional Seminary">
St. John's Regional Seminary

St. John's Regional Seminary is the theologate of the Catholic Church of Andhra Pradesh. It is a major seminary training students to become priests.
St. John's Regional Seminary is situated in Ramanthapur in Hyderabad.
Affiliation.
The seminary is listed as a Major Seminary under the Roman Curia.
Background.
St. John's Regional Seminary in Ramanthapur, Hyderabad, to train priests for the Catholic Church in Andhra Pradesh. In 1987, the seminary was divided into two. The theologiate was retained in Hyderabad while the philosophate (St. John's Regional Seminary (Philosophate)) was moved to Kothavalasa in the northern circars of Andhra Pradesh.
Board of Governors.
The ten bishops and two archbishops in the state of Andhra Pradesh are "ex officio" members of the Board of Governors of St. John's Regional Seminary:
Admissions.
The seminary follows a semester system. Admission is for Catholic pupils who are eligible to pursue priestly studies and from any of the ten Catholic dioceses and two archdioceses in Andhra Pradesh.
See also.
"Other University-affiliated seminaries in Telangana region"

</doc>
<doc id="19772330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19772330" title="Conference of Specialised Ministers">
Conference of Specialised Ministers

The organisation of a Conference of Specialised Ministers is a traditional working method of the Council of Europe. 
The purpose of such conferences is to define and pursue the goals of the Council of Europe’s intergovernmental activities in their particular fields of competence. These conferences have a quasi-legal identity of their own in international relations.
The practice began in Vienna in 1959 with the first Conference of Ministers responsible for Family Affairs. However, the working methods for such conferences were only formalised in 1971 with the adoption of Committee of Ministers Resolution (71) 44., which gives a list of conferences with which the Council of Europe "has a special working relationship". 
In February 2008, in the interests of transparency and visibility, the Committee of Ministers decided that all of its ministerial conferences would henceforth include "Council of Europe" in the title.
Several attempts to update this text finally came to fruition in June 2011 with the adoption of Resolution CM/Res(2011)7.
Several of the Conferences are prepared by a special committee of senior officials, which meets solely for that purpose. Others are prepared by the respective Council of Europe steering committee.
The Committee of Ministers issues a regular information document "Forthcoming Conferences of Specialised Ministers", which gives the current state of preparation of these conferences.
The Conferences traditionally use a 3-letter abbreviation by which they and their relevant reports and resolutions are readily identified. Although a few of these have changed over the years, most of them have remained remarkably consistent.
The Committee of Ministers currently lists 14 conferences as operational:
The last of these, the Conference on Social Cohesion, is new, and met for the first time in Moscow in February 2009.
There have been a number of other conferences in the past, which are now discontinued. Many of the conferences have undergone several name changes, which make them difficult to trace.
They should be distinguished from European Union ministerial conferences. The European Union occasionally convenes ministers in certain sectors (such as culture). Such meetings are often described as informal. 
Some of the more successful conferences (e.g. Ministers of Justice) have become virtual institutions in themselves.
The Committee of Ministers approves the theme and the organisations and non-member states to be invited.
Each conference makes a report to the Committee of Ministers after the conference, which also examines the possible follow-up to the conference.
Several conferences of specialised ministers have only been held once, with no plans for them to meet again, notably : 
Four other ministerial conferences have been discontinued :

</doc>
<doc id="19772339" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19772339" title="Baisari College">
Baisari College

Baisari College is a college in Baisari, Banaripara.The college has facility for co-education. About 200+ pupils are studying there in three departments. Recently the college has updated up to Graduate level.

</doc>
<doc id="19772345" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19772345" title="Robert E. M. Hedges">
Robert E. M. Hedges

Robert Ernest Mortimer Hedges is a British archaeologist and academic.
Born in 1944, Hedges attended High Wycombe Royal Grammar School (1955-61) and studied for his Ph.D. degree at Cambridge University. He was appointed a Fellow of St Cross College, Oxford University, and worked at Oxford University since at least 1994, when he was reappointed a Lecturer in Archaeology "from 1 November 1994 until the retiring age".
Hedges' research involves archaeological studies of ancient human and animal diets and the environments uncovered at archaeological sites. He was awarded one of the Royal Society's Royal Medals for 2008, for his contribution to the rapid development of accelerator mass spectrometry and radiocarbon dating techniques.
In 2009, a "festschrift" was held in Hedges' honour to mark his retirement as Deputy Director of the Research Laboratory for Archaeology & the History of Art. As of 2012, he is Professor of Archaeological Science at the School of Archaeology and Emeritus Fellow of St Cross.

</doc>
<doc id="19772354" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19772354" title="Count of Arraiolos">
Count of Arraiolos

Count of Arraiolos (in Portuguese "Conde de Arraiolos") is a Portuguese title granted, in 1377 by King Fernando I of Portugal, to "Dom" Álvaro Pires de Castro, a galician noble, brother of Inês de Castro (King Pedro I of Portugal 2nd wife). Álvaro Pires de Castro was already Count of Viana (da Foz do Lima) when he received this new title.
Following Álvaro's death, King John I of Portugal gave this County to his Constable, Nuno Álvares Pereira in 1387, who ceded it, in 1422, to his grandson, Fernando of Braganza.
The title of Count of Arraiolos became a subsidiary title of the House of Braganza when Fernando became 2nd Duke of Braganza (1461).
Bibliography.
”Nobreza de Portugal e do Brasil” – Vol. II, page 321. Published by Zairol Lda., Lisbon 1989.

</doc>
<doc id="19772364" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19772364" title="Norman Kendal">
Norman Kendal

Sir Norman Kendal CBE (1880–8 March 1966) was an English barrister and police officer in the London Metropolitan Police.
Kendal was born in Cheadle, Cheshire. He was educated at Rossall School and Oriel College, Oxford, where he studied Modern History, and was called to the bar by the Inner Temple in 1906, practising on the Northern Circuit. In 1914 he was commissioned into the 5th Battalion, Cheshire Regiment. He was wounded at the Battle of the Somme in 1916 and in 1917 was attached to the Ministry of National Service as a staff officer. He was promoted Lieutenant in July 1917. In October 1918 he resigned his commission on account of ill-health caused by his wounds.
In November 1918, Kendal was appointed Chief Constable (CID) in the Metropolitan Police, and the following year, on the creation of the rank, was promoted to Deputy Assistant Commissioner (CID). In December 1928, he was appointed Assistant Commissioner "L" (Legal). In 1931 he was moved to be Assistant Commissioner "C" (Crime), holding the post until his retirement on 1 March 1945.
He was appointed Commander of the Order of the British Empire (CBE) in the 1927 Birthday Honours and knighted in 1937.

</doc>
<doc id="19772365" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19772365" title="Douglas Benjamin Woodworth">
Douglas Benjamin Woodworth

Douglas Benjamin Woodworth (June 1, 1841 – January 2, 1900) was a lawyer and member of the Woodworth political family from Nova Scotia, Canada. He represented Kings in the Canadian House of Commons from 1882 to 1887 as a Liberal-Conservative member.
Life.
He was born in Canning, Nova Scotia, the son of Benjamin Baxter Woodworth and Eunice L. Pineo. Woodworth was educated at the Sackville Academy, at Truro, and at Harvard University. In 1865, he married Elizabeth, the daughter of Ezra Churchill. In the same year, he was called to the Nova Scotia bar.
Public service.
He represented King's County in the Nova Scotia House of Assembly from 1871 to 1878 as a Conservative, considered the de facto leader of his party. Woodworth ran unsuccessfully for a federal seat in 1878, but was elected in 1882. In 1884, he was named Queen's Counsel. The Toronto Mail and Montreal Gazette considered him the parliamentarian and speaker of the parliament, and he was considered the best debater.
He was unsuccessful when he ran for reelection in 1887.
Landers v. Woodworth.
Woodworth sparked the landmark Canadian Supreme Court decision in "Landers v. Woodworth (1878), 2 S.C.R. 158", which justified the provincial legislatures passing statutes outlining the privileges of their members. This had a dramatic impact on the early governance of Canada, which continues into the modern era. The provincial legislatures previously had attempted to legislate their privileges, which were repeatedly rendered by the privy council as "ultra vires".
The case arose in 1874 when Woodworth charged the provincial secretary of the Nova Scotia House of Assembly with falsifying a record. The charge was investigated and deemed unfounded. Subsequently, the assembly charged Woodworth with breach of privilege by making accusations without sufficient evidence to support it. They ordered Woodworth to make a dictated apology and he refused. The assembly then passed a resolution charging Woodworth with contempt and ordered him to withdraw until the apology was made. Woodworth refused to apology or withdraw, which then the assembly passed a resolution ordering the sergeant-at-arms to physically remove Woodworth for obstruction.
Woodworth then filed a complaint charging the speaker and other members with assault, where he won a $500 verdict. Following an appeal where the verdict was upheld by the Supreme Court of Nova Scotia in favor of Woodworth, the Supreme Court of Canada ruled that absent an actual obstruction of business by Woodworth, the legislature had no authority to remove him and they were liable. The decision incorporated English law into the decision, which defined in Canada that a member of a legislature does not violate privilege by making a charge the assembly chose to investigate. On the issue of privilege statutes passed by the provincinal legislatures, the court ruled it was not "ultra vires" for them to pass statutes defining their privileges, and recognized their discretion in passing such laws.
Death.
Woodworth died in Oakland, California at the age of 58.

</doc>
<doc id="19772380" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19772380" title="Black Elvis">
Black Elvis

Black Elvis may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19772395" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19772395" title="Peter Collins (footballer)">
Peter Collins (footballer)

Peter Collins (born 29 November 1948 in Chelmsford) is a former professional footballer who played for Chelmsford City, and Tottenham Hotspur.
Football career and early life.
Born in Chelmsford to parents William and Barbara, Collins attended Moulsham primary school before moving up to Moulsham Secondary School and resided within Westlands. Collins left school at 14 to join Crompton Metal Workers as an apprentice and whilst playing for the Saturday and Sunday football team he was spotted by the local football club, Chelmsford City and joined as an apprentice in 1965. During his time at Chelmsford he quickly became recognised as a developing talent and started to appear in the first team in 1967. Football scouts were frequently spotted at the New Writtle Street stadium and on the day Tottenham Hotspur broke the club and British transfer record taking Martin Chivers to Tottenham for £125,000, Bill Nicholson arrived at Chelmsford City to sign Collins.
Tottenham Hotspur career.
Collins joined the Spurs from Chelmsford City in January 1968 for a fee of £5,000 with an addition payment due when he had made 10 first class appearances with Spurs paying Chelmsford another £5,000 within 9 months. Collins first Spurs game was for the 'A' team against Chelmsford City 'A' in a friendly as part of the transfer deal to be played at New Writtle Street. Collins scored twice within the first nine minutes in front of 48,000 fans on his first team debut in a friendly against Glasgow Rangers at White Hart Lane. The highlight of Collins' career at the club was the 2–0 win in the 1971 Football League Cup Final against Aston Villa. His career was ended through injury at the club, the central defender played a total of 106 matches plus ten as substitute and scoring eight goals in all competitions.
A strong, powerful and quick centre half Collins was one of the rare players that made the jump from non-league to the English top flight when he signed for Tottenham in 1968. His league debut was at home to Arsenal in August 1968. Collins became a popular player during his time at White Hart Lane the team he supported as a boy. In 1972 he featured along with his fellow squad members in the Hunter Davies book, "The Glory Game" about the Spurs season of 1972 when Davies was allowed full access to the changing rooms and team meetings. 
Despite interest fom Liverpool amongst others, Collins elected to stay at White Hart Lane and was being groomed as the long term successor to Mike England before an injury at 23 restricted development. This injury turned out to be a mis-diagnosised broken ankle. Despite a valiant effort Collins had to retire from professional football at the age of 26. Leaving the Lane just as he had entered, on his last home game scoring the first goal in the last game of the 1973 season against Sheffield United.
During his time at the club Spurs won/reached the following finals:-
In addition, Collins played in both legs of the 1968-69 Football League Cup semi-final versus Arsenal and were runners-up in the 1974 UEFA Cup Final.
Honours.
Tottenham Hotspur
Post-football career.
Collins took the position of part- time manager of Braintree Town up to 1995. He spent 25 years as a PE teacher in Chelmsford up to 2003 and is presently a property developer in Spain.
External links.
Tottenham Hotspur 2 v Aston Villa 0.
Spurs players left to right: Cyril Knowles, Martin Peters, Peter Collins, Pat Jennings and Phil Beal parade the trophy on a lap of honour after the match.
27 February 1971.

</doc>
<doc id="19772400" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19772400" title="Imrul Kayes">
Imrul Kayes

Imrul Kayes (Bengali: ইমরুল কায়েস, is a Bangladeshi international cricketer who plays for Khulna Division as a left-hand batsman and occasional wicket-keeper. He made his first-class debut in 2006, playing 15 first-class matches and 16 One Day matches before being called up for the third One Day International between Bangladesh and New Zealand in Chittagong.
Batting at number three, he made just 12 runs as Bangladesh lost by 79 runs.
He made his Test debut in November 2008, playing the first match of a series in South Africa. He opened the batting on his debut, but made just 10 and 4 in his two innings, being dismissed twice on the second afternoon of the match. 
He later found form in 2010 scoring 867 runs, becoming the 5th highest runs scorer of the year in ODIs at an average of 32.11. He scored his maiden ODI century against New Zealand. When the Bangladesh Cricket Board (BCB) announced its list of central contracts in November 2010, Kayes has given a grade B contract.
Bangaldesh failed to progress beyond the group stage of the 2011 World Cup; Kayes was Bangladesh's leading run-scorer in the tournament with 188 runs at an average of 37.60. During the tournament, he produced two Man-of-the-Match performances, striking fifties against England and the Netherlands to help Bangladesh to victory on each occasion, though he felt bowler Shafiul Islam deserved the first award instead. With Manjural Islam Rana he became just the second Bangladesh player to win consecutive Man-of-the-Match awards in ODIs.
The BCB founded the six-team Bangladesh Premier League in 2012, a twenty20 tournament to be held in February that year. An auction was held for teams to buy players, and Kayes was bought by the Sylhet Royals for $50,000. He scored 102 runs from 7 innings in the competition. In April the BCB upgraded Kayes' central contract from grade B to grade A.

</doc>
<doc id="19772403" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19772403" title="Barrett Long">
Barrett Long

Barrett Long, (born November 10, 1982) also known as Steve Turbo, is a pornographic actor who has appeared in several films.
He made his name with Falcon but was discovered by veteran director Dirk Yates in 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="19772423" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19772423" title="List of heads of missions from Sri Lanka">
List of heads of missions from Sri Lanka

This article contains several lists of Ambassadors and High Commissioners of Sri Lanka.
Resident Sri Lankan Heads of Missions abroad.
SLFS (Sri Lanka Foreign Service)
SLCS (Sri Lanka Commerce Service)
SLAS (Sri Lanka Administrative Service)
Ambassadors to international organizations.
Current ambassadors from the United States to international organizations
Other senior diplomatic representatives.
Other senior diplomatic representatives from Sri Lanka
SLFS (Sri Lanka Foreign Service)
SLCS (Sri Lanka Commerce Service)
Selected past ambassadors and high commissioners.
Well-known past ambassadors and high commissioners from Sri Lanka

</doc>
<doc id="19772437" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19772437" title="1940 Tschammerpokal">
1940 Tschammerpokal

The 1940 Tschammerpokal was the 6th season of the competition. In the final which was held on 1 December 1940 in the Olympic Stadium (Berlin) Dresdner SC defeated FC Nuremberg 2–1 after extra time. It was the first final which was not decided in regular time.

</doc>
<doc id="19772439" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19772439" title="Steve Redfern">
Steve Redfern

Steve Redfern (born in Leicester) is an English rugby union and professional rugby league footballer of the 1970s and '80s, playing representative level rugby union (RU) for , and a club level for Leicester Tigers, as a tighthead prop, and playing club level rugby league (RL) for Sheffield Eagles.
Early years.
Redfern signed for Leicester Tigers from school, and played for the youth team. He made his Leicester début against Nottingham in 1976. He made over 247 appearances for the club. 
He wore the letter C shirt as part of the Leicester front row along with the Leicester and England captain Peter Wheeler and England prop forward Robin Cowling. He also played over 100 games with his brother Stuart who replaced Cowling at prop when he retired.
Redfern played in five John Player Cup finals, losing the first one to Gloucester, then winning against Moseley, London Irish, and Gosforth.
International career.
Redfern was selected for England under 23s in his first year of eligibility, and gained a place in the England under 23 team that toured Canada at the end of the 1977 season. He made his full England début on 14 February 1984 against at Twickenham, having played various England games for which they did not award caps. He remained a part of the England set up, and played for England 'B' and for the full England team, until he left to go to Rugby league in 1985 with Sheffield Eagles.
He played for the Midlands Rugby team against the All Blacks and in the 1978/1979 season.
Rugby League.
His time as a rugby league player at Sheffield Eagles was cut short by injury, and Redfern retired from the game.
Coaching record.
Redfern spent several years fighting with the RFU to be reinstated to Rugby Union. Redfern was allowed to come back to Rugby Union as a coach, starting with the local Leicestershire team Wigston. He later coached the Swedish club Pingvin in 1990/92 and led them to a win in the Swedish Championships. 
He returned from Sweden in 1993 to take over the Nuneaton rugby club. While at Nuneaton he became involved in coaching the west Midlands women's team, then moving on to the Midlands team. His success with them led to a position with the national set up, at first working with the England A team, and then the senior squad. Redfern worked with the team through the six national and European championships.
In 1993, while still working in the women's game, Redfern moved back to his first junior club, Coalville in Leicestershire, as head of rugby. He led the first team to win the league, developed all the Mini/Junior squads and participated in coach development. 
In 2006 Redfern left Coalville and worked with the Sheffield club before returning to Leicestershire to spend time working as an adviser to several clubs, including the Leicestershire under 18 squad.
In 2007 he went to Feltre rugby team as director of rugby.
In 2009 Redfern was voted onto the Leicester Tigers walk of legends.
In 2009, after the promotion of Asd Rugby Feltre, he went to Berliner Rugby Club as director of rugby.

</doc>
<doc id="19772460" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19772460" title="Guri Vesaas">
Guri Vesaas

Guri Vesaas (born 1939) is a Norwegian writer and translator of children's books, and former editor at the publishing house Samlaget. She was awarded the Brage Prize honorary award in 2007. 
She has translated more than 50 children's books into Norwegian, using the pseudonym "Hanna Midtbø", after the farm "Midtbø" in Vinje, where she grew up.
Guri Vesaas is daughter of novelist Tarjei Vesaas and lyricist Halldis Moren Vesaas.

</doc>
<doc id="19772461" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19772461" title="1902 Tennessee Volunteers football team">
1902 Tennessee Volunteers football team

The 1902 Tennessee Volunteers football team represented the University of Tennessee in the 1902 college football season. The Volunteers won a school record six games in 1902 and beat rivals and .
The team was guided by a new head coach, H. F. Fisher, who came from Princeton University, as did his predecessor, George Kelley.
1902 was the first game that Tennessee scored on Vanderbilt in there Rivalry game.

</doc>
<doc id="19772466" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19772466" title="Isaac N. Mack">
Isaac N. Mack

Isaac Newton Mack (September 1, 1838 – June 18, 1898) was a merchant and political figure in Nova Scotia, Canada. He represented Queen's County in the Nova Scotia House of Assembly from 1874 to 1878 as a Liberal member.
He was born in Mill Village, Nova Scotia, of United Empire Loyalist descent, and was educated there and at Sackville. In 1872, he married Rachel Vaughan. Mack was chosen as speaker for the provincial assembly in 1877.

</doc>
<doc id="19772474" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19772474" title="Swanpool, Victoria">
Swanpool, Victoria

Swanpool is a town in north-east Victoria, Australia. The town is located on the Midland Highway and in the Rural City of Benalla local government area, north east of the state capital, Melbourne. At the 2006 census, Swanpool and the surrounding district had a population of 606.
Swan Pool (sic) Post Office opened on 10 May 1877 and closed in 1994.
Swanpool used to have an Australian Rules football team competing in the Ovens and King Football League.

</doc>
<doc id="19772482" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19772482" title="Athletics at the 1924 Summer Olympics – Men's individual cross country">
Athletics at the 1924 Summer Olympics – Men's individual cross country

The men's individual cross country event was part of the track and field athletics programme at the 1924 Summer Olympics. It was the third and last appearance of this event. The competition was held on Saturday, July 12, 1924. 
Thirty-eight runners from ten nations competed.
Results.
The first three runners for each nation to finish in this event were also counted towards the cross country team result.
Due to the hot weather conditions (over 40°C) only fifteen starters were able to finish the race.

</doc>
<doc id="19772483" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19772483" title="Catherine Gibson">
Catherine Gibson

Catherine "Cathy" Gibson (married surname Brown) (21 March 1931 – 25 June 2013) was a Scottish swimmer in post-World War II Britain who, during a 16-year career, won three European Championships medals and, as a participant at the 1948 Summer Olympics in London, achieved a bronze medal, Britain's sole swimming trophy in the home-based Games. In 2008 she was inducted into the Scottish Sports Hall of Fame.
Champion at an early age.
A native of Motherwell Gibson received exposure to swimming at a young age: her father was employed at the town's swimming pool and her two brothers played water polo. In 1947, at the age of 16, as a member of the British swimming team at the European Championships, she won silver medals in the 400 m freestyle and the 100 m backstroke and a bronze in the 100 m freestyle relay. With the Olympics a year away, she continued an 8-hour daily training regimen, despite the family's low finances, which required her to work full-time as a clerk.
At the start of the Olympics, four months past her seventeenth birthday, Gibson travelled to London without her family who could not afford the cost of the trip. She competed in the 100 m backstroke, 400 m individual medley, 4×100 m freestyle relay and the 400 m freestyle in which she won the bronze medal in a time of 5 minutes 22.5 seconds. Reporting from the Olympics on 9 July 1948, a "Guardian" reporter wrote that "Miss Gibson, Britain's hope, was at or near the rear and she did not begin to come up until 300 metres had been swum. Then how she went!"
Having lost by a tiny measure, she noted, in passing, during an interview conducted in July 2008, near the medal win's 60th anniversary, her persistent feeling that had her father been able to cheer her on at the Wembley Empire Pool, she might have done better. It was Britain's sole medal in swimming at the 1948 Summer Olympics and she was the only British woman to win a bronze. Among the 23 medals Britain won (3 gold, 14 silver and 6 bronze), five were awarded to female athletes, with the other four medals, all of them silver, and all in track and field, bestowed upon Dorothy Tyler-Odam (born 1920), Audrey Williamson (born 1926), Dorothy Manley (born 1927) and Maureen Gardner (born 1928). Gibson was Britain's youngest 1948 medalist — the next-youngest being silver medal winner boxer Johnny Wright (born 1929). The oldest was speed walker Tebbs Lloyd Johnson (born 1900), who won a bronze in 50 kilometres race walk.
After the Olympics.
Gibson persevered with competitive swimming through the 1950s and, in the sixteen years of pursuing the sport, managed to achieve 29 UK records. Retiring after marriage, she became a hotelkeeper, and remained widowed after the death of her second husband in 1995. With publicity surrounding London's 2012 Summer Olympics, Brown (the name she has used since her marriage), along with the small number of athletes in their eighties and nineties remaining from the event held 64 years earlier, continued to evoke nostalgic tributes.
During the London 2012 Olympic Games, Brown was united with the original portrait of herself. The portrait was painted by artist Kristina Macaulay and was originally commissioned by North Lanarkshire City Council in 2006 to commemorate unique talent local to the area. The image of the painting featured as part of one of the largest local open air galleries in the UK.

</doc>
<doc id="19772498" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19772498" title="Timothy Dreesen">
Timothy Dreesen

Timothy Dreesen (born 30 January 1987 in Geel) is a Belgian professional footballer who plays as a defender for Fortuna Sittard in the Dutch Eerste Divisie.

</doc>
<doc id="19772520" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19772520" title="ALETAR">
ALETAR

ALETAR is a submarine telecommunications cable system in the Mediterranean Sea linking Egypt and Syria.
It has landing points in:
It has a design transmission capacity of 5 Gbit/s and a total cable length of . It started operation on 7 April 1997.

</doc>
<doc id="19772540" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19772540" title="Berytar">
Berytar

BERYTAR is a submarine telecommunications cable system in the Mediterranean Sea linking Syria and the Lebanon.
It has landing points in:
It has a design transmission capacity of 5 Gbit/s and a total cable length of 134 km. It started operation on 7 April 1997.

</doc>
<doc id="19772553" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19772553" title="Union Valley">
Union Valley

Union Valley may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="19772572" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19772572" title="1903 Tennessee Volunteers football team">
1903 Tennessee Volunteers football team

The 1903 Tennessee Volunteers football team represented the University of Tennessee in the 1903 college football season. The team was coached by H. F. Fisher in his second and final season at Tennessee. The Volunteers went 4–5, record of 1–4 in the Southern Intercollegiate Athletic Association.

</doc>
<doc id="19772573" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19772573" title="Who Wants to Be a Millionaire? (Israeli game show)">
Who Wants to Be a Millionaire? (Israeli game show)

Mi Rotseh Lehyot Milyoner? (, lit. "Who Wants To Be A Millionaire?"), also often referred to as just Millionaire, was an Israeli game show based on the original British format of "Who Wants to Be a Millionaire?". Having started broadcasting in 1999 on Channel 2, the show was hosted by Yoram Arbel, and shown on Channel 10.
One contestant, Izhar Nevo, has won the top prize, on 7 August 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="19772584" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19772584" title="Lake Baao">
Lake Baao

Lake Baao is a shallow freshwater lake located in Baao, Camarines Sur in Bicol Region, Luzon, Philippines. It has an estimated surface area of 177 hectares (1.77 km²) and reaches an average of only 1 meter deep. The lake is fed by local run-off and several small rivers, the most important of which is the Tabao River, which flows from another lake, Lake Buhi. The water from the lake then drains west into the Bicol River.
During summer months (March–May), the surface area of the lake shrinks leaving only one third of its original size, about .

</doc>
<doc id="19772612" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19772612" title="Rune Belsvik">
Rune Belsvik

Rune Belsvik (born 1956) is a Norwegian writer, dramatist, and writer of children's books. He was awarded the Brage Prize for "Ein naken gut" in 2000. 
He received the Norwegian Critics Prize for Literature in 2001, for "Verdens mest forelska par".

</doc>
<doc id="19772627" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19772627" title="Count of Neiva">
Count of Neiva

Count of Neiva (in Portuguese "Conde de Neiva") is a Portuguese title granted, in 1373 by King Fernando I of Portugal, to "Dom" Gonçalo Teles de Meneses, brother of Queen Leonor Telles de Meneses.
"Dom" Gonçalo was also Lord of Faria, and that is why some authors, incorrectly, call him "Count of Neiva and Faria".
Later, the County was granted to Fernando of Braganza and when Fernando became 2nd Duke of Braganza (1461), Count of Neiva became a subsidiary title of the House of Braganza. 
Bibliography.
”Nobreza de Portugal e do Brasil” – Vol. III, page 47. Published by Zairol Lda., Lisbon 1989.

</doc>
<doc id="19772639" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19772639" title="Arksun">
Arksun

Arksun (born Laurence Rapaccioli in the United Kingdom) is a British freelance music producer and sound designer. Rapaccioli specializes in several forms of electronica music, particularly trance and ambient music.
Biography.
Born 9 October 1976, Arksun always had a deep love for sound and music. From an early age he learnt how to play TV themes by ear on the piano. With a strong taste in progressive and trance music in 1996, Arksun set out to release trance music and so his first release with Zone Recordings came about in 1998. Since then, Arksun has released over a dozen of his tracks as 12" singles through several labels and under various artist names. ("Hajimeru" being his first in 1998). In 2006, he gained further recognition for the trance hit "Arisen". Originally producing tracks for Zone Recordings, Arksun now releases his productions on record labels such as Anjunabeats, Armind, and Armada.
Apart from being a Producer and a composer, Arksun is also a skilled sound designer. Arksun's journey as a Sound Designer started when he was given his first synth, a Yamaha keyboard which had 8 second sampling chip on it. As the years progressed, Arksun's Sound Designing skills changed with the change in platforms. Arksun's skills developed from composing on his first pro keyboard, The Ensoniq ESQ1, to MIDI sequencing on an Amiga 500 to mastering DAWs on PC. Arksun is also known for being an active member at the Anjunabeats forum and often providing production tips and advice.
Arksun worked with Emu Systems (APS Soundcard, XL1, XL7, PX-7, XK-6) and with Novation creating presets for the A-Station, Supernova II and KS series. He also worked with Linplug (for Albino and CronoX), Image Line (Sytrus), reFX and Humanoid Sound Systems.
Arksun currently designs and markets his Arksun Series Soundbanks for various Synths.

</doc>
<doc id="19772677" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19772677" title="Radovna, Gorje">
Radovna, Gorje

Radovna () is a settlement in the Radovna Valley in the Municipality of Gorje in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.
On 29 September 1944 the entire hamlet of Srednja Radovna was burned to the ground by the German Army after a minor engagement with the Partisans in revenge for two of their numbers being taken and the locals' unwillingness to inform on the Partisans. Twenty-four villagers were killed and a memorial to the victims of this event has been erected in the valley.

</doc>
<doc id="19772678" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19772678" title="Green Bay metropolitan area">
Green Bay metropolitan area

The Green Bay metropolitan statistical area, as defined by the United States Census Bureau, is an area consisting of three counties in Wisconsin, anchored by the city of Green Bay. As of the 2000 census, the MSA had a population of 282,599 (though a July 1, 2009 estimate placed the population at 304,783).
Demographics.
As of the census of 2000, there were 282,599 people, 108,897 households, and 73,126 families residing within the MSA. The racial makeup of the MSA was 92.51% White, 0.96% African American, 1.95% Native American, 1.78% Asian, 0.02% Pacific Islander, 1.57% from other races, and 1.20% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 3.22% of the population.
The median income for a household in the MSA was $43,824, and the median income for a family was $51,085. Males had a median income of $34,552 versus $23,499 for females. The per capita income for the MSA was $19,752.

</doc>
<doc id="19772685" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19772685" title="1904 Tennessee Volunteers football team">
1904 Tennessee Volunteers football team

The 1904 Tennessee Volunteers football team represented the University of Tennessee in the 1904 college football season. The team was led by its fourth new coach in six years, S. D. Crawford, who coached the team for a single season. On November 24, 1904, Tennessee beat Alabama for the first time in school history.

</doc>
<doc id="19772690" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19772690" title="Ragnar Hovland">
Ragnar Hovland

Ragnar Hovland (born 15 April 1952 in Bergen) is a Norwegian novelist, essayist, lyricist, and writer of children's books.
He was awarded the Brage Prize in 1992 for the children's book "Ein motorsykkel i natta". He received the Norwegian Critics Prize for Literature in 2001, for the novel "Ei vinterreise".

</doc>
<doc id="19772716" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19772716" title="Lou Cowell">
Lou Cowell

Lou Cowell (born Emma Louisa Cowell on July 15, 1978 in Epsom, Surrey) is a British singer, songwriter, author, kickboxer, and occasional TV presenter. She is the daughter of Simon Cowell, the host of Animal Planet's "Wildlife SOS" and founder of Wildlife Aid.
Career and biography.
Cowell was raised alongside her sister Gemma in Surrey by her mother Jill and father Simon. Her parents ran a wildlife sanctuary out of their home, known as Wildlife Aid. As a child she attended The Monray School of music.
Writing career.
Her first book, Wildlife SOS (named after her father's Animal Planet documentary series on which she often co-hosts), was published in 2007 and co-written by her father, Simon Cowell.
Music career.
Cowell has worked with the likes of Massive Attack’s Neil Davidge, Joni Mitchell’s Phil Brown, and the production duo Bacon & Quarmby (formed by Kevin Bacon and Jonathan Quarmby). Cowell signed to Chrysalis Music Publishing in April 2006, following acclaimed success with her song ‘A Good Day’, released by French ‘Pop Idol’ sensation Emmanuel Moire. Her debut album “I...um...” is to be released by AWAL on October 20, 2008. "I...um..." was produced by Jay Stapley.
Kickboxing.
Cowell is a fully qualified Reiki Master. She has also studied boxing, yoga, kickboxing, Thai boxing, and martial arts.

</doc>
<doc id="19772720" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19772720" title="Neralur">
Neralur

Neralur (Kannada: ನೆರಳೂರು) is a village in Anekal taluk, Bangalore urban district, India. It is around 28 kilometers from Bangalore and 10 kilometers from Hosur, Tamil Nadu. The nearest mofussil towns are Attibele and Chandapura, both of which are within a 5 kilometer radius of Neralur. Electronics City, one of India's largest Information Technology parks is about 8 km from the village. A few of the villages which share its boundaries with Neralur are - Guddahatti, Balagaranahalli, Lakshmisagara, Thirumagondanahalli, Bandapura, Yadavanahalli and Bendaganahalli. 
Many buses ply to Neralur from Bangalore. There is a direct BMTC(Bangalore Metropolitan Transport Corporation) bus (356K) from K R Market. A host of other BMTC and private buses, on its way to Attibele, Hosur and other nearby places, stop at the village near the National Highway 7 (Hosur Road) junction. 
There are many temples in the village, which have been renovated recently. Chief among them are the temples dedicated to Shiva, Anjaneya and Yellammadevi. There is an annual rathotsava(theru) held in the season of March/April, when a seven layered wooden chariot is pulled by devotees through the village thoroughfares. The chariot procession starts from the Shiva temple (Eeshwarana Gudi) and guides its way to the Yellamma Devi temple in the center of the village. The occasion is marked with religious fervour and gaiety. The chariot procession is the highlight of the festivities which last for over a week.
The Shivalinga in the temple is said to be around 100 years old and brought all the way from Kashi/Varanasi, Uttar Pradesh, India.
The name Neralur, has its origin possibly from its old name Chayapuri (which is not in much use now). The name Chayapuri (in Sanskrit) stands for village filled with shade (from "Chaya"=shade and "puri"=village)which when translated into Kannada becomes Neraluru ("Chaya"="Neralu" and "puri"="ooru"). The name suggests that the place was filled with huge trees that gave shade. Another speculation about the origin of the name is possibly because of a big "Black Jamun" tree ("Nerale hannu" in Kannada), that existed in the village.
Many industries have sprung up around the village in the recent past, which has resulted in migrant workers settling down in the village. The Attibele industrial area covers a part of the village landscape. A host of residential townships have come up in the village vicinity in the recent past. Shri Parshwa Sushil Dham, a magnificent Jain Temple, is on National Highway 7, on the outskirts of Neralur. An ashram dedicated to Sri Ramana Maharshi, built by a philanthropist and devotee of Sri Ramana Maharshi, is situated in Thirumagondanahalli, which neighbours Neralur. Kannada, and Telugu are the major languages spoken in the village.

</doc>
<doc id="19772723" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19772723" title="Dundarg Castle">
Dundarg Castle

Dundarg Castle is a ruined castle about north-northeast of New Aberdour, Aberdeenshire, Scotland. It was described by W. Douglas Simpson as one of the nine castles of the Knuckle, referring to the rocky headland of north-east Aberdeenshire.
It was built in the thirteenth century by the Comyn family, and subsequently dismantled, probably by Robert the Bruce, in 1308. It was rebuilt in 1334, but destroyed almost immediately, after a famous siege. Evidence of this double destruction was confirmed by excavations during 1911-12 and in 1950-51 (led by W. Douglas Simpson) when many medieval objects were found. 
The only substantial part of the castle remaining is the inner gatehouse, which survives to a height of about . The upper part was rebuilt about the middle of the sixteenth century, probably following the Coastal Defence Commission of 1550, and there is some evidence that it was provided with gunloops at this time. The site was finally abandoned in the mid-17th century, and a house was built on part of it in 1938.

</doc>
<doc id="19772725" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19772725" title="Delhi Public School, Mathura Road">
Delhi Public School, Mathura Road

Delhi Public School, Mathura Road is a private co-educational day and boarding school with around 6500 plus students in New Delhi, India. It is run by the Delhi Public School Society and is a member of the Indian Public School Conference. The school was founded in 1949 and was the first Delhi Public School. In 2009 the school completed its 60 years.
Education system.
The school follows the Central Board of Secondary Education system and has continuous tests and assignments.
In 2007 it was rated as the third 'most respected secondary school' in India in a survey conducted by the Indian Market Research Bureau (IMRB) for the "Deccan Herald" newspaper.
Campus.
The campus is spread over surrounded by ancient Islamic-style tombs, and is situated in the heart of the capital, near the Purana Quila and the Zoological Gardens. The school buildings today comprise five computer centres, a work-experience block; science, maths, psychology, biology, chemistry and physics laboratories; three libraries, four swimming pools, squash courts, tennis courts, basketball courts, cricket grounds, football fields, facilities for indoor, a cafeteria, a hostel, a clinic and a gym. Languages such as French, German, Italian, Japanese, Urdu, Arabic, Spanish, Russian, Italian and Sanskrit are taught. The school's Environment Council has established a paper recycling plant within the school premises.
Hostel.
The school hostel or the boarding house as it is popularly known has world class facilities and is being further revamped. It attracts students from all over India who are admitted after a stringent admission procedure. The boarders are known to be amongst the best performers in sports and academics alike. The hostel boasts of 5 star facilities. The hostel was renovated in the year 2012 and is one of the best.The food served is of the highest standard and is delicious. The school has opened a juice stall and a mother dairy stall in the school premises near the hostel. The school has a cafeteria across the hostel building
The hostel buildings are divided into four wings:
In 1996, DPS Society, the parent organization, started a girls' hostel in DPS, Mathura Road. The hostel mess is a common mess for boys and girls. The freshers party and hostel farewell are gala events held annually.
Co-Curricular Activities.
Adventure Activities:
Trekking, mountaineering, camping, rock climbing etc. are the regular activities for our boys and girls. These will be organised regularly in association with reputed world class travel agencies, immaterial of the charges, for imparting hands on knowledge to the students.
Socially Useful Productive Work:
Socially Useful Productive Work (SUPW) has been included in the curriculum as a compulsory subject for classes XI and XII. It is compulsory for every student to put in the specified number of work hours to clear this subject for the Secondary and Senior School Certificate Examination of the CBSE. Introduction of SUPW in the curriculum inculcates proper interest, attitudes and values among the students.
Students' Council:
The Students' Council comprises Monitors from each class.
Activity Council:
There are over 50 clubs and activities, each planned and conducted by a Student Convener. Six to eight Conveners work under a Student Director, who in turn, works under the overall direction of the President, School Activities, assisted by a Secretary. There is a parallel set-up of teachers to guide the students and appointments.
Games Captains (Boys & Girls):
All Team Captains work under the overall direction of the Games Captains whose primary aim is to promote sportsmanship among all the students.
Environment Council:
War is too serious to be left to professional soldiers - in the same way the case of environment is too vital a matter to be left only to Government. This case has to be brought about by each one of us such that it does not remain a strategy plan but becomes a way of life. The environment council of DPS Mathura Road works form the Green Crusader room situated on the first floor of the main building over looking the vast blue skyline busy Mathura Road, beautiful Lawn filters in the chirping of the birds 
sitting on the huge pepal tree at the main gate - a congenial place for the young environmentalist to plan and be proactive whether it is a 'River Yatra' - Yamuna bachoo - measuring and comparing the water table due to rain water harvesting -planning for celebrating Earth Day, Environment day, Wildlife week, khelo Holi naturally - making poster or collage designing logos, preparing Power point presentations on climate change, Save Tiger, Jungle Bachao. Members take up a range of activities with mercurial zeal.
This room also witnesses the action plans for 'Jagrati'- A consumer awareness programme - Plans to sensitize the consumers about their rights and duties - to be an alert and sensible consumer.
'Service Before Self' - is the Motto of our school- driven by this spirit, the members of the 'Godhuli'- A Senior Citizen interactive programme, plan their visits to different areas of Delhi to interact with the senior citizens - plan to organize functions to felicitate them and to listen to their varied and rich experiences of life. The ingredients like - Zeal, creativity, sensitivity, sensibility, novelty, commitment, love for nature creates a distinct flavor in this room which invades everyone’s life.
Introduction of Soft Skills
In continuation with our efforts to foster an all round development of our students, they will be imparted practical lessons in the development of finishing touch and soft skills like etiquettes, table manners, grooming etc. which have become an intrinsic part of our lives.
MUNQS:
The Model United Nations and Quiz Society of DPS Mathura Road have an unbeatable win streak, and has won every Model United Nations Competition they have attended. They are said to have the most talented MUNers in India with undoubtedly an amazingly talented Delegation.

</doc>
<doc id="19772743" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19772743" title="Marshall Road (SEPTA Route 102 station)">
Marshall Road (SEPTA Route 102 station)

Marshall Road is a stop on the SEPTA Route 102 (Sharon Hill) trolley line in Drexel Hill, Pennsylvania. The station is officially located near Marshall & Cheswold Roads, but in fact it is located halfway between Cheswold and Blanchard Roads on Marshall Road.
Trolleys arriving at this station travel between 69th Street Terminal in Upper Darby, Pennsylvania and Sharon Hill, Pennsylvania. The station has a shed with a roof where people can go inside when it is raining on one platform and a bench on the other. Both platforms are on the north side of the Marshall Road grade crossing only. Because the stop is in a residential area, no parking is available.

</doc>
<doc id="19772762" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19772762" title="Domestic Harmony">
Domestic Harmony

Domestic Harmony is the debut LP album by Australian rock/pop group Do-Ré-Mi which was released by Virgin Records in August 1985. The album has ten tracks, which were written by lead vocalist Deborah Conway, drummer Dorland Bray, bass guitarist Helen Carter and guitarist Stephen Philip. The single "Man Overboard" had made its first appearance on 1982's "The Waiting Room" EP, but was re-worked and released as a single from this album to become a surprise top 5 hit, it included lyrics referring to anal humour, penis envy and pubic hair; and had no chorus. The album was produced in London by Gavin MacKilop and peaked at #16 on the National album charts. It was released in different forms for UK, German and North American markets, the Australian 1988 CD version had five bonus tracks.
Background.
Do-Ré-Mi had formed in Sydney in 1981 when Deborah Conway (lead vocals) and Dorland Bray (drums, percussion, backing vocals), both previously in Melbourne-based group The Benders, joined Helen Carter (bass, backing vocals) ex-Friction. Stephen Philip (guitar), ex-Thought Criminals, was initially a studio musician for their debut EP, "Do-Ré-Mi" released in August 1982 and was asked to join formally. They returned to the studio almost immediately and recorded "The Waiting Room" EP which was released in September 1982. Paul Hester, later drummer for Split Enz and Crowded House, was living with Conway and guested on timbales for the track, "(Just Like) Hercules" from "The Waiting Room". "Man Overboard" had its first appearance on that EP but was later re-worked and released as a single in 1985 from the "Domestic Harmony" album, it peaked at #5 on the Australian singles charts. Lyrical content included references to anal humour, penis envy and pubic hair. In 2001, Carter recalled the problems Do-Ré-Mi had with their record company about "Man Overboard" for the Australian Broadcasting Corporation TV series "Long Way To The Top".
Tracklisting.
All tracks were written by Deborah Conway, Dorland Bray, Helen Carter and Stephen Philip, except where indicated.
Australian 1985 original release
Bonus tracks for 1988 Australian CD release
Personnel.
Do-Ré-Mi members
Additional musicians
Recording details
Art work

</doc>
<doc id="19772772" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19772772" title="George Davy Kelley">
George Davy Kelley

George Davy Kelley (1848 – December 18, 1911) was a British trades unionist and Labour politician.
Kelley was born in Ruskington, Lincolnshire in 1848. He became apprenticed to the lithographic printing trade in York. Following his apprenticeship, he worked as a printer in London, Birmingham, Leeds and Bradford. He moved to Manchester to become general secretary of the Amalgamated Society of Lithographic Printers, formed in 1880.
Kelley was an early proponent of the Labour movement putting forward candidates for election. He became vice-president of the Labour Electoral Association in 1889, and presided at the Labour Electoral Congress held in Hanley in 1890. He was elected to the parliamentary committee of the Trades Union Congress in 1892.
He held the office of secretary of a number of bodies: the Manchester Trade and Labour Council, the Lancashire and Cheshire Federation of Trade Councils, the Manchester and District Board of Conciliation and the National Printing and Kindred Trades Federation.
In 1902 he travelled to New York as part of Alfred Moseley's Commission of Inquiry into the organisation of Labour. Two years later as vice-chairman of the National Committee of Organised Labour, he campaigned for the introduction of a universal old age pension.
At the 1906 general election he was selected as one of the Labour Representation Committee candidates, and was elected as Member of Parliament for Manchester South West, unseating the sitting Conservative MP. Due to ill-health he retired from parliament at the next general election in January 1910. He died in Manchester in December 1911, aged 63.

</doc>
<doc id="19772786" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19772786" title="Athletics at the 1924 Summer Olympics – Men's team cross country">
Athletics at the 1924 Summer Olympics – Men's team cross country

The men's team cross country event was part of the track and field athletics programme at the 1924 Summer Olympics. It was the third and last appearance of this event. The competition was held on Saturday, July 12, 1924. 
Six nations competed as they have at least three competitors participating in the individual cross country race.
Results.
The first three runners for each nation to finish in the individual cross country race counted towards the team results. The placings and points were only given to the first three runners of the teams that had already three finishers. Their placings were summed, and the team with the lowest sum won.

</doc>
<doc id="19772810" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19772810" title="Wynnere and Wastoure">
Wynnere and Wastoure

Wynnere and Wastoure ("Winner and Waster") is a fragmentary Middle English poem written in alliterative verse sometime around the middle of the 14th century.
Manuscript.
The poem occurs in a single manuscript, British Library Additional MS. 31042, also called the London Thornton Manuscript. This manuscript was compiled in the mid-15th century by Robert Thornton, a member of the provincial landed gentry of Yorkshire, who seems to have made a collection of instructional, religious and other texts for the use of his family. It is not known where Thornton found the text of "Wynnere and Wastoure", which has not survived in any other sources, but the dialect of the poem indicates that it most likely written by someone originating from the north Midlands.
The poem can be dated with some confidence due to its prominent reference to William Shareshull, Chief Justice of the King's Bench, who left the post in 1361 and died in 1370. It also appears to make reference to the Treason Act 1351 and the Statute of Labourers 1351; it is therefore generally thought to have been written sometime in the 1350s.
Poetic form.
"Wynnere and Wastoure" is written in a four-stress unrhymed alliterative line, usually thought to be a late development, or perhaps revival, of the alliterative line used in Old English poetry.
"Wynnere and Wastoure" is the earliest datable poem of the so-called "Alliterative Revival", when the alliterative style re-emerged in Middle English. The sophistication and confidence of the poet's style, however, seems to indicate that poetry in the alliterative "long line" was already well established in Middle English by the time "Wynnere and Wastoure" was written.
Theme.
The poem begins with a brief reference to the legend, derived from Geoffrey of Monmouth's "Historia Regum Britanniae", of the founding of Britain by Brutus, the great-grandson of Aeneas. The poet then goes on to speak of the marvels and disorder currently seen in the land, commenting that Doomsday must surely be approaching (4-16).
Wandering by himself, the poet lies down by a hawthorn tree and has a dream vision, a "sweven" (46), in which he sees two opposing armies, and a gold and red pavilion raised on top of a hill (rather in the manner of a tournament). Inside the pavilion is a richly-dressed, brown-bearded king, who has been firmly identified as Edward III of England. One army is led by Wynnere, a figure representing monetary gain and financial prudence; the other by Wastoure, a figure representing prodigality and excess. The king, after sending his herald to intervene between the two armies (105), agrees to listen to Wynnere and Wastoure's complaints against each other and to give his judgement on them.
There follows a lengthy debate between Wynnere and Wastoure, each giving complex arguments against the other and about the effects on society of the principles they represent. At the end, the King gives his judgement, though the poem breaks off, at line 503, before this has been completed. He appears to endorse elements of both Wynnere's sparing and Wastoure's spending, though ultimately the poem seems to condemn both viewpoints as unbalanced, selfish, and leading to inequality and social abuses. It seems likely that the poem forms a sophisticated comment on the pressures facing the king and on the principles of good governance, with additional satire directed against the rising merchant class in the person of Wynnere. Though his subject is the feudal economy, the poet's themes are essentially moralistic.
The poem is clearly within both the strong mediaeval tradition of the poetic debate, in which two opposing positions are argued, and within the tradition of the "dream vision", in which the narrator falls asleep and witnesses an event often with an allegorical character (such as in several of Geoffrey Chaucer's poems, or in "Piers Plowman"). It also has something in common with the genre of the "chanson d'aventure", in which the solitary, wandering poet overhears a complaint or debate. "Wynnere and Wastoure" also has some form of relationship to the Piers Plowman tradition. Some critics, such as John Burrow, have argued that Langland was probably influenced by "Wynnere and Wastoure", but that he perhaps deliberately diluted its style to make it more accessible to southern readers.
The poet.
The writer of "Wynnere and Wastoure" was clearly a very sophisticated poet, confident in both the alliterative verse-form and in handling complex satire. However, we know nothing about the author's identity other than what can be deduced from the poem's language. Modern opinion identifies the dialect, and therefore the author, as originating from the north-west Midlands, possibly as far north as southern Lancashire (the poem may make reference to a rebellion that occurred in Chester, so a north-western provenance is likely). The presence of some East Midland forms - those of the contemporary dialect of London - has led to the suggestion that the poet may have been part of the household of a lord whose seat was in the north-west, but who had connections with London and the court. The academic Thorlac Turville-Petre has proposed that the king's herald in the poem can be identified as Sir John Wingfield, steward of the Black Prince's lands around Chester in 1351. In this interpretation, the poet could have travelled with Wingfield and Chief Justice Shareshull to Chester for a judicial enquiry, or eyre, recorded in 1353; the poem would have been a suitable entertainment for the banquet held by the Prince at Chester Castle for local administrators.
The author laments at the start of "Wynnere and Wastoure" that poetic standards and appreciation have degenerated alongside society; where once lords gave a place to skilled "makers of myrthes" (21), the serious poets have been supplanted by beardless youths who "japes telle" (26), having "neuer wroghte thurgh witt three wordes togidere" (25). This complaint could indicate a certain conservatism on the poet's part, though it could also be merely conventional, as similar passages are quite common.
It has been argued (following the poem's first editor, Israel Gollancz) that the similar alliterative work "The Parlement of the Thre Ages", which shares the same dialect and which Thornton also copied into BL Add. MS. 31042, is by the same author, although there is no conclusive evidence.

</doc>
<doc id="19772814" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19772814" title="Spodnje Gorje">
Spodnje Gorje

Spodnje Gorje () is the largest settlement in the Municipality of Gorje in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia. It includes the hamlets of Zgornji Graben, Furtuna, and Poljane on the Mežakla Plateau.
History.
Early settlement of the area is attested by several graves from the 11th century behind the house at the Turk farm. During the Second World War, the Partisans established a base in the hamlet of Poljane in the summer of 1941.
Mass graves.
Spodnje Gorje is the site of four known mass graves from the period immediately after the Second World War. Three of the graves are in the woods northwest of the settlement. The Meadow 1 and 2 mass graves () contain the remains of two truckloads of civilian prisoners from Begunje na Gorenjskem transported to the site and murdered on 24 July 1945. They were buried at three sites. The first site is between the narrow dirt road to the Jožnik Clearing () and the edge of the woods. The second site is north of the main gravel road, at the north corner of a wooden shed in a fenced meadow. The third location has not been identified. The Meadow Shaft 1 Mass Grave (), also known as the Beton Cave Mass Grave (), lies a few meters below the main gravel road and is covered with trash. It is a 15 m shaft containing the remains of three German prisoners of war. The Gravel Pit Mass Grave (), also known as the Špan Gravel Pit Mass Grave (), lies north of the settlement to the right of the road to Kočna and contains the remains about 20 German nurses murdered after the war.
Church.
The church in the village is dedicated to Saint Oswald. It dates from 1629. There is a painting of Saint Oswald on the outside wall of the church, and a painting by Janez Potočnik (1749–1834) inside the church.
Notable people.
Notable people that were born or lived in Spodnje Gorje include:

</doc>
<doc id="19772818" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19772818" title="Golden Bear Toys">
Golden Bear Toys

Golden Bear Products Ltd. was formed in 1979 by John Hales and Christine Nicholls. Golden Bear operates from its headquarters in Telford, Shropshire and opened an office in Hong Kong in 2001. 
Products.
The company has sold a broad range of branded products including Thomas and Friends, My 1st JCB, Charlie and Lola, Pingu, Noddy, Peppa Pig, Brum, Bob the Builder, Cars, Dora the Explorer, Hana's Helpline and Ben and Holly's Little Kingdom.
"My First Thomas & Friends" is a range of chunky plastic toys. The range started in c.1994, and was advertised for young infants who enjoyed the series. The models were safe for younger fans to play with, and included most of the major and minor characters from the TV Series.
The company also acquired the rights to sell the London 2012 Olympic and Paralympic mascots Wenlock and Mandeville. In 2012 the company also launched a range of pre school vehicles under the brand name Go MINI which was officially licensed by BMW MINI. They also launched a range of Something Special toys featuring the popular BBC character Mr Tumble. 
Buying direct from Golden Bear.
In 2008, Golden Bear launched a new website (www.goldenbeartoys.com) where consumers can buy directly from Golden Bear online. This website features the whole catalogue, plus Special Offers, competitions and activities.
Controversy.
Golden Bear's Teletubbies doll of the character Tinky Winky generated controversy in 2000 because some claimed the doll said "I got a gun".

</doc>
<doc id="19772822" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19772822" title="Circus (2009 film)">
Circus (2009 film)

Circus is a 2009 Kannada film directed and produced by Dayal Padmanabhan who previously acted with Ganesh in Gaalipata. Music was composed by Emil. The film stars Ganesh and Archana Gupta in the lead roles, Archana Gupta who had earlier done leading role in Telugu film Andamaina Manasulo. The film released statewide on 15 January 2009.
Plot.
"Circus" has a tag line along with its sub title Nodi Maja Maadi. Dayaal, who spoke with emotional overtones in the film, said that he will be completing the film after sixty days of schedule. He said, nearly seventy percent of the shooting will be done near or on a train. I had to toil hard to get the required permission for the shoot. The story starts from Mysore station and ends in Bangalore station. director has taken permission from Railway authorities to shoot the film in Railway station and tracks in Mysore, Konkan Railway and Railway line stretching in Sakleshpura and Subramanya Ghat section.
A joke gone bad, the story is about Dhanush (Ganesh) and his group of friends who live in the railway colony and their meeting point is the railway station. 
Dhanush is the leader of the gang and just to have some fun, they decide to send a letter stating on a particular date a train travelling from Mysore to Bangalore will be exploding. However, what they realize later after posting is that one of the friend's address is there on the letter. 
In a hurry, they get into the RMS bogie of the train and after a lot of twists finally manage to extract the letter from the pile. In this process, what Dhanush discovers is that the same day a real plot has been hatched by the terrorists to blow up the Gandhadagudi express so he decides to locate it and foil the plan.
In the process of his journey, the friends take a break at one of the houses where Priya (Archana Gupta) and in no time, love blooms between Dhanush and her. So what happens to Gandhadagudi express? Is Dhanush successful in his attempts? All this forms the rest of the story.
Soundtrack.
The official soundtrack contains six songs composed by Emil with lyrics penned by Kaviraj, Yogaraj Bhat and Manjunath Rao. The audio of the film released on 15 December 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19772825" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19772825" title="Cold Fire (song)">
Cold Fire (song)

Cold Fire is a single from Canadian prog-rock band Rush's album "Counterparts". The song peaked at #2 on the U.S. mainstream rock charts. 

</doc>
<doc id="19772827" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19772827" title="Anderson Avenue (SEPTA Route 101 station)">
Anderson Avenue (SEPTA Route 101 station)

Anderson Avenue is a stop along the SEPTA Media (Route 101) trolley line in the Aronimink section of Drexel Hill, Pennsylvania. It is officially located near Anderson & Woodland Avenues, though the actual location is on Anderson Avenue south of Woodlawn Avenue.
Trolleys arriving at this station travel between 69th Street Terminal in Upper Darby, Pennsylvania and Orange Street in Media, Pennsylvania. Anderson Avenue is a dead end street at this station which contains platforms on both sides of the tracks. The other platform is located across the tracks behind the parking lot of a group of condominiums on Valley Road. The station has a white and green stucco shed with a roof where people can go inside when it is raining, but it is on the side with the condominiums.

</doc>
<doc id="19772839" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19772839" title="1905 Tennessee Volunteers football team">
1905 Tennessee Volunteers football team

The 1905 Tennessee Volunteers football team represented the University of Tennessee in the 1905 college football season. James DePree, a University of Michigan grad, served the first of his two seasons as head coach at Tennessee. This was the Volunteers' first season without a win in Southern Intercollegiate Athletic Association play since 1897.

</doc>
<doc id="19772841" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19772841" title="Umart">
Umart

Umart Online is an Australian computer store chain headquartered in Brisbane, Queensland. The company was founded in June 2000 and in 2002 was recognised as one of Australia's most popular computer retailers by PC User magazine.
History.
In 2009, Umart Online opened a store in Melbourne, Victoria – its first store outside of Queensland. In June 2011, the Milton store was held up by a man with handgun who fled the scene on foot. In 2013, a new store opened in West Ryde, Sydney.
Services.
Umart focuses on moving large quantities of goods and for that reason sells primarily products that have a lot of demand and high turnover; they primarily sell computer hardware, software, and some consumer electronics products. Online ordering is encouraged, with competitive discounts (usually to the sum of A$10) offered on every products' recommended retail price for making a purchase via the Internet store. 
Umart Online was involved in a legal battle with Sydney based umart.net.au, which was forced to change its name to IJK as a result of losing the case in court.

</doc>
<doc id="19772844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19772844" title="Hwang Hui">
Hwang Hui

Hwang Hui (korean:황희, Hanja: 黃喜, 8 March 1363 – 28 February 1452) was Goryeo dynasty and Joseon Dynastys Politician. prime minister of the Joseon Dynasty.
Biography.
Hwang Hui was an official of Goryeo Dynasty. He became an official in the Joseon Dynasty in 1394. Hwang Hui once banished from Seoul because he advocated Yangnyeong, the eldest prince of King Taejong, despite his bad behavior in 1418. After King Sejong the Great's enthronement, Hwang Hui got reappointed and held many ministerial posts. Hwang Hui was appointed as a prime minister in 1431. He retired from the government after 18 years.
Description of Hwang Hui.
He served as the Yeonguijeong, the highest ranking of 3 appointed royal prime ministers (the others being Uuijeong and Jwaguijeong) for a total of 18 years with a total of 24 years service to the monarchy. He was noted for his political philosophy that stated, “That which is just takes priority and must be enacted.” Priorities during his administration included agricultural improvement, mitigating laws that increased social class gaps, and providing opportunities for candidates born out of wedlock or from concubines to take the civil service examination.

</doc>
<doc id="19772852" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19772852" title="Protected areas of Portugal">
Protected areas of Portugal

The Protected areas of Portugal () are classified under a legal protection statue that allows for the adequate protection and maintenance of biodiversity, while providing services for ecosystem that maintains the natural and geological patrimony.
History.
Protected areas are regulated by Decree-Law 142/2008 (24 July 2008), and can be classified by the national authority, or even by public or private institutions. The applicant is analyzed by the "Instituto da Conservação da Natureza e das Florestas" ("Nature and Forest Conservancy Institute"), while regional or local classifications can be completed by municipalities or groups of municipalities, under terms of Article 15.
The typical classifications that exists in Portugal are: national park, nature reserve, protected landscapes or natural monuments. Except for the "national park" designation, local or regional classifications can adopt whichever designation is appropriate, as long as they are accompanied by the "regional" or "local" qualifiers ("regional" when they involve more than one municipality and "local" when they only include one local authority. Decree-Law 142/2008 24 July 2008), also allows for the creation of "Áreas Protegidas de estatuto privado (APP)" ("Private Protected Areas"), based on the application of respective property-owners. A proposing candidate is governed by the ICNF, and regulated by ordinance 1181/2009, 7 October 2009. National protected areas (APs) and Private protected areas automatically pertain to the "Rede Nacional de Áreas Protegidas" ("National Network of Protected Areas")); in the case of regional or local APs, their integration within this network are dependent on the evaluation of the national authority.
Scattered across the country, are various areas defined due to their European ecological interest, and have been classified within the context of the Nature 2000 network. Meanwhile, other areas fall within international nature conservation networks, such as Biogenetic Reserves (Council of Europe), Ramsar Sites (Ramsar Convention), Biosphere Reserves (MAB/UNESCO) and sites covered by the Convention Concerning the Protection of World Cultural and Natural Heritage (UNESCO).
National.
National Parks.
Areas classified as national parks encompass regions that represent natural regional characteristics that demonstrate a biodiversity of natural and human landscapes, as well as geosites with scientific, ecological or educational value. The classification of an area as a national park is influenced by the region's natural value, conserving the ecological integrity of the ecosystem, its constituent elements and ecological processes within that territory, and prevent intensive exploitation by adapting of compatible measures for the region's conservancy. Peneda-Gerês National Park is the only designated national park in Portugal; located in the northwest corner of the territory, it belongs to the PAN Parks network.
The Peneda-Gerês National Park has a variety of oak and mixed-forests, interspersed by groves, peat bogs, and diverse bushlands. The Golden Eagle, the Eagle Owl, the European Honey Buzzard, and the Whinchat are some of the 147 Portuguese birds that can be found in Gerês. Along with the Pine Marten, the Stoat, the Wolf, the brown bear, the wild goat, the adders ("Vipera latastei"and "Vipera seoanei") and a number of squirrel species.
Nature Park.
Nature parks are designated based on their natural and semi-natural areas, where the preservation of biodiversity is influenced by human activities, and which requires the propagation of a sustainable flow between natural and human services. The classification of a nature park is influenced by the natural characteristics of the region that affect the regional or national development.
Nature Reserves.
A Nature reserve is an area with ecological, geological and phyisographic characteristics, as well as other attributes of a scientific, ecological or education value, and unoccupied by humans in a permanent or at a significant level. The classification of an area as a nature reserve is based on their natural characteristics, whose protection will result in future benefits to use or appreciate the area's resources. The zones should remain unaltered by human activity during a prolonged period of time.
Protected Landscapes.
Protected landscapes result from the interaction between human and natural use, and may demonstrate an aesthetic, ecological or cultural value. The classification of an area as a protected landscape envisions the protection of natural and cultural uses that exist in the area, highlighting the local use and adopting methods to sustain the spaces.
Natural Monument.
A Natural monument is a naturally formed occurrence with a singular, rare our representative characteristics in terms of its ecologic, aesthetic, scientific or cultural value, requiring its conservation and maintenance. This classification envisions the protection of its natural value, namely notable occurrences of geological patrimony, the integrity of its characteristics and the areas immediately around them, with the adoption of constraints to limit inappropriate use.
Private Protected Areas.
APPs are private lands, not included within Protected Areas, where the natural characteristics (its rarity, scientific, ecological, social or scenic value) require measures to protect, conserve and manage their continuity. The designation is effected through a request by the specific property-owner, requiring a special candidacy (regulated by ordinance 1181/2009, 7 October 2009) and the recognition by the national authority. The lands which are designated APPs fall within the RNAP network, and remain subject to the management protocols of the national authority.
The Natural Park of Madeira protects a very rare type of subtropical rainforest (Laurissilva), and has been designated a UNESCO heritage site. In addition to this special area, the autonomous regions of Madeira and the Azores have several areas designated under protection for species and habitat conservation.
The Tapada Nacional de Mafra is conspicuous, due to its rich flora and fauna. The Tapada was created in the reign of King John V for the royal delight of the monarch, as a hunting preserve. With an area of 8 km² the park included species of stag, boar, fox, rapine birds and several other species. Today, the Tapada is classified as a national hunting zone ().
Regional/Local.
Protected areas in the regional or local domain were created to manage areas by group or municipalities or municipal authorities, and include: Nature Parks, Natuer Reserves, Protected Landscapes and Natural Monuments, using the "regional" or "local" qualifier. Under Decree-Law 19/93, 23 January 1993, the following protected landscapes were identified:
Designated under Decree 142/2008, 24 July 2008, the following regional or local areas have been established:
Natura 2000.
Several places in Portugal (national parks, natural parks, reserves or protected landscapes) are protected under the European Natura 2000 programme, designed to protect the most seriously threatened habitats and species across Europe.
Geoparques.
Two extensive areas of Portugal have been designated as Geoparks on account of their outstanding geological heritage. Arouca and Naturtejo are member Geoparks of the European Geoparks Network and the UNESCO Global Network of National Geoparks. Though not statutory designations under Portuguese or European law, membership of these networks affords additional protection to the geological heritage of the areas.

</doc>
<doc id="19772859" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19772859" title="Frank Arthur">
Frank Arthur

Harold Frank Milton Arthur (born 12 December 1908 in Lismore, New South Wales - died 11 September 1972 in Sydney) was a former international motorcycle speedway rider who won the first Star Riders' Championship, the forerunner of the Speedway World Championship, in 1929.
Career.
Arthur first had success in Australia, winning the Golden Helmet there in 1927. He was one of the pioneers of speedway in the UK. He brought Max Grosskreutz over from Australia in 1929 and supplied Dicky Case and Ray Tauser with machines and support for fifty percent of their earnings. Arthur was considered to have the fastest bikes in British speedway in those early years.
Arthur rode for the Harringay Canaries in 1929 and then Stamford Bridge Pensioners from 1930 until their closure in 1932. He returned to the UK in 1934 to ride again for the Harringay Tigers. He also represented Australia in test matches against England from 1930 to 1934.
He promoted speedway in the United States, and he was also involved in the business side of the sport in Australia, where he helped Max Grosskreutz to start his career. He promoted at Sydney Royale before losing the lease in 1938. He solved this problem by building the speedway track at the Sydney Sports Ground next door. He also ran midget car circuits in Australia.
Frank Arthur died of a heart attack in Sydney on 11 September 1972.
In 2007, Arthur was one of the inaugural 10 inductees into the Australian Speedway Hall of Fame.

</doc>
<doc id="19772873" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19772873" title="Nini Stoltenberg">
Nini Stoltenberg

Nini Stoltenberg (born February 11, 1963) is a Norwegian television personality and sister of Jens Stoltenberg, former prime minister of Norway. She is, however, better known as a drug addict, and has been cited as such by Norwegian media on numerous occasions. She has often been depicted as an unofficial spokesperson for Norwegian drug users. Stoltenberg was part of a 12-member group of expert advisors on drug policies for the second cabinet Bondevik (20012005). She has lately presented a harsh critique of Norwegian illegal drug politics and questioned whether the expert group of which she was a member really made any difference. During the period when she served on the government advisory panel, Stoltenberg made headlines when she advocated the legalization of cannabis.
Family background.
Nini Stoltenberg grew up in Oslo as the youngest of three siblings. Her brother is Jens Stoltenberg (b. 1959), former prime minister of Norway, and her sister is Camilla Stoltenberg (b. 1958), a medical researcher and administrator. Her parents are Thorvald Stoltenberg, former foreign minister of Norway and Karin Stoltenberg, a geneticist who has served, among other prominent positions, as state secretary. She has studied law. A 1995 biography of her father described the Stoltenberg family as a particularly tightknit family, known for its hospitality and openness, where the three children and their many friends set the tone.
In the 1995 biography about her father, Stoltenberg is described as the black sheep of the family. She took part in squats and was a member of the radical community that preceded what is today known as Blitz. At the age of 15, she went to Christiania in Denmark, a self-governed zone known for its liberal drug policies, where she remained for several months.
At the age of 17, Stoltenberg attended a Bruce Springsteen concert and was pulled up on stage, and danced together with the rock superstar.
Partner former criminal and former drug addict.
Stoltenberg has had a long-time relationship with Karl John Sivertzen (b. 1951) from Odda, a former drug addict who was convicted of an armed bank robbery in the 1970s (he was released in 1983), and whose past Stoltenberg describes as a "virtual crime novel". They have been invited together for Christmas dinner at her parents' house where her brother, as prime minister, attended. Together they have been writing about the conditions for drug users in Norway. In the 90s he got an education as a gestalt therapist and worked in Oslo's Alcohol and Drug Addiction Service (Rusmiddeletaten). The couple first met when she was admitted for detox and he was a therapist. They became a couple 10 years later, after they met again at the home of a common acquaintance.
Television career.
Stoltenberg started out doing television work in 1992 when she co-hosted the TV3 show "På tide" with Ole Paus. In 1994, she co-hosted "Kvinnene på taket" ("The Women On The Rooftop") together with Åsa Rytter Evensen and Anne Lise Hammer. Concurrently she worked on the youth program "U" on NRK, where she also received production training. Stoltenberg was producer for the 1993 talk show "Argus" with high-profile lawyer Mona Høiness. Following her 2001 appearance on "Rikets tilstand", she was offered a job with TV 2, Norway's second largest broadcaster. She made a short appearance, as herself, in an episode of the comedy television series "Uti vår hage", shown on Norwegian television in March 2008. In 2008, she appeared on "Manshow", a talk show hosted by Håvard Lilleheie.
Intravenous drug use.
Stoltenberg's drug addiction became known to the Norwegian public in October 2001, one week after her brother had resigned from his first cabinet. The revelation came when she spoke about it in the current affairs television program, "Rikets Tilstand", which broke previous records for number of viewers. Following the program in which she appeared together with her father, Thorvald Stoltenberg, she received more than 2,000 letters of support from viewers who in one way or another had experienced the problems associated with illegal drug abuse. Thorvald Stoltenberg has described his experiences with having a child who was an intravenous drug user in his 2001 memoirs, "Det handler om mennesker" ("It's about people")–one day being immersed in peace negotiations in the Balkans, the next wandering the streets of Oslo trying to find Nini.
In 2007, Stoltenberg went into more detail about how she started out as a drug addict, to TV journalist Tonje Steinsland–the second time her life as an addict was the subject of a television special. It started in 1991, when she was 27. She witnessed two drug addicts in a fight in a cafe in Oslo when something fell out of the pocket of one of them. She picked it up and saw that it was heroin. Together with her boyfriend she went home and decided to snort the drug. For the next three years she was an intravenous drug user. By the end of the 1990s, she was close to dying. In the interview, Stoltenberg also tells of a boyfriend who subjected her to punishments, psychological terror and much fear, however, the heroin turned all of that into a feeling of freedom and made her perceive their relationship as simply wonderful, for a while.
Stoltenberg has received opioid agonist treatment using methadone for her heroin addiction during a two-year period.
Stoltenberg and her partner have not given up on drugs altogether. They do, however, assert that they no longer have an addiction problem and that they "have an ok life, and sometimes drugs enter into our life".
Perspectives on reasons behind recreational drug use.
Stoltenberg refutes the notion that she started using drugs because she couldn't deal with the pressure of having such successful siblings. Had it not been for the many problems of her relationship at the time, she has said, she would not have turned to drugs for an escape.
Stoltenberg acknowledges that it is not uncommon among drug users to resent her relativistic perspective on drug use and rehabilitation.

</doc>
<doc id="19772878" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19772878" title="Mahindra Major">
Mahindra Major

Mahindra Major is the latest version of jeep CJ3b, developed by Mahindra and Mahindra. It has some differences from the old cj 3b.
• A more powerful & fuel efficient MDI (Super) 3200 engine, with quick starting response and zero oil top-up 
• A new inline fuel injection system for higher fuel average and lower maintenance 
• Modified rear axle ratio and OEY axle lower maintenance costs 
• New Vinyl seats, new steering wheel, new front apron cover, new superstructure & new canopy 
• Radial tyres for longer life, better ride & handling

</doc>
<doc id="19772879" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19772879" title="Virginia DeBerry">
Virginia DeBerry

Virginia DeBerry is the co-author of bestselling novels: "Tryin' to Sleep in the Bed You Made", "Far From the Tree"," Better Than I Know Myself" and the re-released "Exposures", (written as Marie Joyce) originally published in 1990 by Warner Books. In January 2008, "Gotta Keep on Tryin’", the sequel to "Tryin’ to Sleep in the Bed You Made" was published by Touchstone/Simon & Schuster.
Biography.
Virginia, born in Wadesboro, NC, is a former high school English teacher from Buffalo, New York. She attended Fisk University and is a graduate of State University of New York at Buffalo. After almost 10 years in the classroom, she moved to New York and started a successful career as a plus-size model. She was frequently featured in catalogs, advertising, magazines and appeared on several television programs including "Today".
During this time she met co-author, Donna Grant, who was also a plus size model vying for the same assignments. Their modeling careers led to the opportunity to launch Maxima, a fashion and lifestyle magazine for plus-size women, where Virginia was editor-in-chief and Donna the managing editor. When publication of Maxima ceased, Virginia and Donna decided to try writing a book together. Virginia and Donna, best friends for more than 25 years, have turned a friendship into the most successful collaboration to date in African-American fiction.
Their first effort, Exposures was published under the pseudonym Marie Joyce (for Donna Marie and Virginia Joyce). It was also published in Spain as Instantaneas. Their next book, written as DeBerry and Grant, was "Tryin' to Sleep in the Bed You Made", which was a critical success, an Essence Magazine Bestseller, as are all three of their books, and won the Merit Award for Fiction from the Black Caucus of the American Library Association, as well as the 1998 Book of the Year Award from the Blackboard Bestseller List/African American Booksellers Conference-Book Expo America. More than that, it hit an emotional nerve with tens of thousands of readers from all over the world who continue to write to Virginia and Donna ten years after the book's publication. "Far From the Tree" became a New York Times Bestseller, and "Better Than I Know Myself" received two Open Book Awards, and was included on the Best African-American fiction of 2004 lists of both Borders and WaldenBooks.
In addition to speaking at book fairs and literary festivals around the country for the past eight years, Virginia and Donna have been keynote, motivational/inspirational speakers and served on panels for a wide variety of meetings, organizations, companies, churches, cultural and educational institutions, including: DELL North America, Women Work!, Alpha Kappa Alpha sorority, Florida Agricultural and Mechanical University, Speaking of Women's Health (Procter & Gamble) & the Texas Conference for Women. Their honest and powerful messages have received praise from literary, business and academic audiences. They have also appeared on CNN, Good Day New York and been featured on the pages of Essence Magazine, Glamour (magazine), American Woman, and Black Issues Book Review.
Last year, Donna and Virginia joined with partners Tyrha Lindsey and Tracey Kemble to form 4 Colored Girls Productions. The movie Tryin’ to Sleep in the Bed You Made, based on their 1997 novel, was their first independent feature. Their next novel was "What Doesn’t Kill You".
Virginia is the daughter of Juanita DeBerry and the late John L. DeBerry II. She also has a sister, Valerie DeBerry and a brother, Dr. John L. DeBerry III. Virginia lives in New Jersey.
Bibliography.
Exposures (as Marie Joyce), Warner Books/Popular Library (New York, NY),1990, BackinPrint (iUniverse)2005.
Tryin’ to Sleep in the Bed You Made, St. Martin’s Press (New York, NY), 1997.
Far from the Tree, St. Martin’s Press (New York, NY), 2000.
Better Than I Know Myself, St. Martin’s Press (New York, NY), 2004.
Gotta Keep On Tryin’: A Novel (sequel to Tryin’ to Sleep in the Bed You Made), Simon & Schuster (New York, NY), 2008.
What Doesn’t Kill You: A Novel, Simon & Schuster (New York, NY), 2009.
Awards.
Black Caucus of the American Library Association, showing Virginia Deberry & Donna Grant as 1998 recipients of a BCALA Honor Award in fiction for Tryin'.
http://www.bcala.org/awards/past_litwinners2.htm
BlackBoard 1998 Book of the Year Winners—Award presented at BookExpo, the Book and Author Breakfast, Sunday May 31, 1998, McCormack Place Convention Center, Chicago, IL(Tryin' was the largest selling hardcover work of African American fiction for 1997)
Go on Girl Book Club, 1997 New Author of the Year Award, (click on Award Winners Hall of Fame)
http://www.goongirl.org/events/author_awards/
African American Literary Awards Show—Open Book Award, September 29, 2004, 
http://www.literaryawardshow.com/
References.
http://www.deberryandgrant.com/
Glamour (magazine)—an article about Virginia DeBerry & Donna Grant appeared in the Between Friends column, January 1997 issue, pg 104. The article is titled "Friend Power"
Essence Magazine—February 1997—Word Star column pg 56
Black Issues Book Review, Sept-Oct 2000, Partners in Their Prime by Sharon Fitzgerald (pg 64-66)
Fox After Breakfast—Feb 6, 1997
Good Day New York—Feb 9, 1997
Contemporary Authors New Revision (CANR)Gale (Cengage)
PERIODICALS
Black Issues Book Review, January 2001, Robyn Moore, review of Far from the Tree, p. 23; May–June 2004, Kalyn Johnson, review of Better Than I Know Myself,p. 46.
Booklist, July 2000, Lillian Lewis, review of Far from the Tree, p. 1972.
Essence Magazine, November 2000, review of Far from the Tree, p. 82.
Library Journal, November 15, 2007, Laurie A. Cavanaugh, review of Gotta Keep On Tryin’: A Novel, p. 48.
People (magazine), September 11, 2000, Julie K.L. Dam, review of Far from the Tree, p. 59.
Publishers Weekly, August 21, 2000, review of Far from the Tree, p. 47; October 8, 2007, review of Gotta Keep On Tryin’, p. 36.
School Library Journal, March 2001, Joyce Fay Fletcher, review of Far from the Tree, p. 281.
ONLINE
Best Reviews, http://thebestreviews.com/ (June 12, 2004), Harriet Klausner,review of Better Than I Know Myself.
BookPage, http://www.bookpage.com/ (August 30, 2008), Arlene McKanic, review of Better Than I Know Myself.
Curled Up with a Good Book, http://curledup.com/ (August 30, 2008), Joan Burke Stanford, review of Gotta Keep On Tryin’.
Page One, http://conniebriscoe.com/ (February 13, 2008), Connie Briscoe,
interview with DeBerry and Grant.
Virginia DeBerry & Donna Grant Home Page, http://www.deberryandgrant.com/ (August 30, 2008), author profile.*

</doc>
<doc id="19772904" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19772904" title="2006 Chicago Sky season">
2006 Chicago Sky season

The 2006 WNBA season was the first for the Chicago Sky.

</doc>
<doc id="19772919" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19772919" title="2003 Houston Comets season">
2003 Houston Comets season

The 2003 WNBA season was the seventh for the Houston Comets. Former WNBA MVP Cynthia Cooper came out of retirement and played four games with the Comets. This was their final year in the Compaq Center.

</doc>
<doc id="19772925" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19772925" title="2007 Los Angeles Sparks season">
2007 Los Angeles Sparks season

The 2007 WNBA season was the eleventh for the Los Angeles Sparks.

</doc>
<doc id="19772933" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19772933" title="Pride's Crossing">
Pride's Crossing

"Pride's Crossing" is a play by Tina Howe. It received the New York Drama Critics Circle Award for Best American Play and was a finalist for the 1997 Pulitzer Prize for Drama. 
The play focuses on 90-year-old Mabel Tidings Bigelow, who as a young woman was the first female to swim the English Channel from England to France. In her introduction to the play, Howe wrote, "For some time now I've wanted to write about the passion of old ladies." 
Production history.
"Pride's Crossing" was first produced at the Old Globe Theatre in San Diego in January 1997. Directed by Jack O'Brien, it starred Cherry Jones as Mabel.
O'Brien and Jones reunited for the Lincoln Center Theater production, which opened at the Mitzi E. Newhouse Theater on December 7, 1997 and closed on April 5, 1998 after 137 performances. The cast included Dylan Baker, Julia McIlvaine, David Lansbury, and Casey Biggs.
Ben Brantley of the "New York Times" said the play can "seem as garrulous and repetitive as a conversation-starved alumna at a 50-year college reunion. The affection that animates the play is evident . . . so is the dramatist's ear for the music in everyday conversation. But while "Pride's Crossing" is infused with Ms. Howe's lyrical sense of mortality and of the traps of sexual and social identity, this latest work from the author of "Coastal Disturbances" can also be like something its no-nonsense heroine might start to read and throw out as romantic hokum . . . Ms. Howe has said her works tend to alienate men because of her expressly feminine perspective. But the special flavor of her writing has more to do with a kind of whimsy that translates theatrical absurdism into costume-party cuteness." 
The play was revived at the off-Broadway T. Schreiber Studio from March 25 - April 18, 2004. Glenn Krutoff directed Tatjana Vujosevic as Mabel Tidings Bigelow. 
Awards and nominations.
Tina Howe won the New York Drama Critics Circle Award for Best American Play and was a finalist for 1997 Pulitzer Prize for Drama.
Cherry Jones won the Drama Desk Award for Outstanding Actress in a Play, the Outer Critics Circle Award for Outstanding Actress in a Play, and the Lucille Lortel Award for Outstanding Actress. Kenneth Posner won the Lucille Lortel Award for Outstanding Lighting Design.

</doc>
<doc id="19772935" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19772935" title="1906 Tennessee Volunteers football team">
1906 Tennessee Volunteers football team

The 1906 Tennessee Volunteers football team represented the University of Tennessee in the 1906 college football season. James DePree served his second and final season as head coach at Tennessee. Roscoe Word, a three time captain for the Volunteers, became the team's first assistant coach. 

</doc>
<doc id="19772941" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19772941" title="The Happiest Place in Town">
The Happiest Place in Town

The Happiest Place in Town is the second LP album by Australian rock/pop group Do-Re-Mi and was released by Virgin Records in August 1988. The album has twelve tracks, which were written by lead vocalist Deborah Conway, drummer Dorland Bray, bass guitarist Helen Carter and guitarist Stephen Philip. "Adultery" was released as an EP/CD single in 1987, it peaked at #22 on the National singles charts, and also appears on this album. The album and three singles, "King of Moomba", "Happiest Place in Town" and "Haunt You" had little chart success.
Background.
Do-Ré-Mi had formed in Sydney in 1981 when Deborah Conway (lead vocals) and Dorland Bray (drums, percussion, backing vocals), both previously in Melbourne-based group The Benders, joined Helen Carter (bass, backing vocals) ex-Friction. Stephen Philip (guitar), ex-Thought Criminals, was initially a studio musician for their debut EP, "Do-Ré-Mi" released in August 1982 and was asked to join formally. They returned to the studio almost immediately and recorded "The Waiting Room" EP which was released in September 1982. Their debut LP "Domestic Harmony" was released by Virgin Records in 1985. "The Happiest Place in Town" was recorded in early 1988 but the album and three singles, "King of Moomba", "Happiest Place in Town" and "Haunt You" had little chart success. Do-Ré-Mi returned to UK to commence recording their next album. Whilst in UK, Virgin Records offered Conway a solo deal, before continuing with the third album. However Do-Ré-Mi disbanded not long after "The Happiest Place in Town" was released and the third album was never finished. After the break-up, Conway eventually went solo and had success with her debut album "String of Pearls" in 1991, its associated single "It's Only the Beginning" peaked at #19; Bray joined Richard Grossman of Hoodoo Gurus and Rob Hirst of Midnight Oil in their side project Ghostwriters for their debut self-titled album; Carter and Philip formed the band Lupi.
Tracklisting.
All tracks were written by Deborah Conway, Dorland Bray, Helen Carter and Stephen Philip, except where indicated.
Personnel.
Do-Ré-Mi members
Additional musicians
Recording details

</doc>
<doc id="19772953" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19772953" title="Pyramid, Maribor">
Pyramid, Maribor

The Pyramid () is a low hill (altitude 386 m) in the city of Maribor, Slovenia. It is a popular excursion spot, affording a good view of the city. An ascent takes 15-30 minutes.
History.
Until 1784 the hill was the site of the Upper Maribor Castle (, ) The castle was demolished around 1790; in the following decade its debris was used to construct a stone pyramid-like obelisk, which lent the hill its current name. In 1821 the pyramid was replaced with a chapel containing a statue of the Virgin Mary. There is a vineyard on the slopes below the chapel.
Visible remains of the castle include defensive groundworks and an unimproved well.

</doc>
<doc id="19772963" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19772963" title="Lake Pinamaloy">
Lake Pinamaloy

Lake Pinamaloy is a guitar-shaped freshwater lake located in the municipality of Don Carlos in the province of Bukidnon, Mindanao, Philippines. It has an estimated area of 60 hectares (0.6 km²). The lake is feed by local run-off and it is the main source of potable water for the municipality as well as its main tourist attraction.

</doc>
<doc id="19772969" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19772969" title="2002 Washington Mystics season">
2002 Washington Mystics season

The 2002 WNBA season was the fifth for the Washington Mystics.
Player stats.
"Note: GP= Games played; MIN= Minutes; REB= Rebounds; AST= Assists; STL = Steals; BLK = Blocks; PTS = Points; AVG = Average"

</doc>
<doc id="19772970" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19772970" title="1933–34 FA Cup">
1933–34 FA Cup

The 1933–34 FA Cup was the 59th season of the world's oldest football cup competition, the Football Association Challenge Cup, commonly known as the FA Cup. Manchester City won the competition for the second time, beating Portsmouth 2–1 in the final at Wembley, winning through two late goals from Fred Tilson.
Matches were scheduled to be played at the stadium of the team named first on the date specified for each round, which was always a Saturday. Some matches, however, might be rescheduled for other days if there were clashes with games for other competitions or the weather was inclement. If scores were level after 90 minutes had been played, a replay would take place at the stadium of the second-named team later the same week. If the replayed match was drawn further replays would be held until a winner was determined. If scores were level after 90 minutes had been played in a replay, a 30-minute period of extra time would be played. The 1933-34 competition was notable in that no second replays were required throughout the competition proper.
First round proper.
At this stage 43 clubs from the Football League Third Division North and South joined the 25 non-league clubs having come through the qualifying rounds. Chesterfield, Brighton & Hove Albion and Luton Town were given a bye to the Third Round. To make the number of matches up, non-league Folkestone and Kingstonian were given byes to this round. 34 matches were scheduled to be played on Saturday, 25 November 1933. Seven were drawn and went to replays in the following midweek fixture.
Second Round Proper.
The matches were played on Saturday, 9 December 1933. Three matches were drawn, with replays taking place in the following midweek fixture.
Third round proper.
The 44 First and Second Division clubs entered the competition at this stage, along with Chesterfield, Brighton & Hove Albion and Luton Town. The matches were scheduled for Saturday, 13 January 1934. Nine matches were drawn and went to replays in the following midweek fixture.
Fourth round proper.
The matches were scheduled for Saturday, 27 January 1934. Five games were drawn and went to replays in the following midweek fixture.
Fifth round proper.
The matches were scheduled for Saturday, 17 February 1934. There was one replay, in the Sheffield Wednesday–Manchester City match, played in the next midweek fixture.
Sixth round proper.
The four Sixth Round ties were scheduled to be played on Saturday, 3 March 1934. There were no replays.
Semi-Finals.
The semi-final matches were played on Saturday, 17 March 1934. Manchester City and Portsmouth won their matches to meet in the final at Wembley
Final.
The 1934 FA Cup Final was contested by Manchester City and Portsmouth at Wembley. Manchester City won the game through two late goals from Fred Tilson, after Septimus Rutherford had put Portsmouth ahead midway through the first half.

</doc>
<doc id="19772972" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19772972" title="Philip Hubble">
Philip Hubble

Philip C Hubble (born 19 July 1960) was a British butterfly swimmer.
Hubble represented Great Britain in swimming events at the 1980 and 1984 Olympic Games, winning the silver medal in 1980 in the men's 200 m butterfly. He also won seven medals at the Commonwealth Games in 1978 and 1982.

</doc>
<doc id="19772987" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19772987" title="Leyen Spiegel">
Leyen Spiegel

Leyen Spiegel is a two-volume sermon book with parallel texts in Estonian and German, written by Heinrich Stahl and published in Tallinn in 1641 and 1649. It is one of the oldest complete Estonian language books to survive. An original copy is held in the National Library of Estonia.

</doc>
<doc id="19772989" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19772989" title="1999 Washington Mystics season">
1999 Washington Mystics season

The 1999 WNBA season was the second for the Washington Mystics. In the 1999 WNBA Draft, Chamique Holdsclaw was selected by the Washington Mystics 1st overall. In her first season, she was named the Rookie of the Year and was a starter in the inaugural WNBA All-Star Game. She averaged 16.9 points and 7.9 rebounds per game in her first season.
Player stats.
"Note: GP= Games played; MIN= Minutes; REB= Rebounds; AST= Assists; STL = Steals; BLK = Blocks; PTS = Points; AVG = Average"

</doc>
<doc id="19772995" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19772995" title="1998 Washington Mystics season">
1998 Washington Mystics season

The 1998 WNBA season was the first for the Washington Mystics.

</doc>
<doc id="19773013" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19773013" title="Tripwire (film)">
Tripwire (film)

Tripwire is a 1990 American film directed by James Lemmo.
It is an action/adventure movie about a terrorist and government secret agent personal vendetta that began when a train hijacking goes badly awry and the terrorist son is accidentally killed. The original music score was composed by Richard Stone. Originally intended for a theatrical release, the movie was released directly to video and laserdisc on March 21, 1990 in the U.S. by RCA/Columbia and in Canada on video only by Cineplex Odeon. The movie has not been released on DVD and as of December 26, 2009, Sony has not announced any plans to release the movie on DVD.
Plot.
A band of ruthless international terrorists led by Josef Szabo (David Warner) hijack a speeding railroad train loaded with a full arsenal of powerful military weaponry capable of threatening world peace. The only hero who can stop the terrorists scheme for world domination is Jack DeForest (Terence Knox). During the battle between good and evil the hero DeForest accidentally kills the son of the Szabo. Seeking revenge Szabo locates DeForest’s family, murders his wife and kidnaps their teenage son thereby turning their fight it into a personal vendetta.
So, DeForest must fight not only to save the world, but for his only remaining family.

</doc>
<doc id="19773031" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19773031" title="Antakshari – The Great Challenge">
Antakshari – The Great Challenge

Antakshari – The Great Challenge is an Indian television singing competition show, which aired on STAR One. It was directed by Gajendra Singh and formatted and written by Thought Vendors. Due to its success, the show aired its second season on STAR Plus channel.
The show was seen in a snazzier avatar with new inclusions to the format and an exciting reality aspect. Annu Kapoor, the man synonymous with Antakshari, hosted this musical extravaganza with Juhi Parmar. It was presented by Shil Chandi and Amar Patel. It has had a successful run on STAR One and moved to STAR Plus.
The game.
Antakshari is a musical game played in India. The word is derived from two roots: "ant" meaning end and "akshar" meaning letter of the alphabet.
Children's special.
The series has a kid’s special: "Antakshari – The Great Challenge Little Stars". Kids from different states represent their respective zones and pair up to form a team and play against the other teams. The rounds are built around the songs, each round blending into each other, allowing fun elements at the same time keeping the competitive streak through the game format.

</doc>
<doc id="19773057" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19773057" title="Shefqet Stringa">
Shefqet Stringa

Shefqet Mehmetali Stringa was a banking pioneer in Albania.
Biography.
Shefqet Stringa was born in Elbasan, a city in central Albania, to a very well educated family. His father was a financier of the Turkish administration during the Ottoman regime. He attended his school in Elbasan. During the academic term of 1917–1918, the mayor of the city of Elbasan, Aqif Bicaku, and the Austrian Colonel Zitkovski, gave scholarships to a group of students, including Shefqet Stringa. He continued his studies in the Business Academy of Wien, and received a doctorate on 7 July 1922.
During his studies in Austria, Shefqet Stringa was active in the student organization "Albania", established in 1918. He was one,in a group of scholars who wrote a letter to the Peace Conference in Paris,who gave his contribution. In 1920 Shefqet and other students contributed their savings to help other Albanians publish the first Albanian magazine, "Djaleria", in Wien. After his graduation, he was employed by the Credit Bank in Wien but resigned in 1923 and returned to his homeland. From April 1923 until December 1924, he worked as a translator for the finance director, while Ahmet Zogu was Prime Minister and Minister of the Foreign Exchange in Albania.
From 1930–1933, Stringa established the first private banking agency in Elbasan. In 1933 he became the director of the National Bank of Albania. One year later he was appointed a director of the Business Room for the city of Elbasan. In November 1939 Shefqet Stringa was appointed as a director of the Elbasan branch,financed by Banka di Napoli.He held the position until 1946.
He was offered the Executive Director's job for the Bank of Albania, which he refused.Shefqet never agreed with a government,whose power didn't come from the people. This led to his arrest as a political prisoner.As someone,who was accused of a crime against the state,he was not given the right to present a defence before the court. Shefqet Stringa died on 31 October 1947 without any trial court. He left his wife, Razije, and three sons, Dashamir, Mehmetali, and Adhurim.

</doc>
<doc id="19773075" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19773075" title="Shackleton, Western Australia">
Shackleton, Western Australia

Shackleton in a small town in the Wheatbelt region of Western Australia.
The town is located close to the Salt River and along the railway line between Bruce Rock and Quairading. 
Originally a railway siding for the railway line when constructed in 1913, the town was developed privately before being gazetted in 1951.
The town is named after the Antarctic explorer Sir Ernest Shackleton.
The local Agricultural Hall was officially opened in 1920 by Mr. H. Griffiths MLA, it was built on land provided by Dr. Germyn. 
The Bankwest branch in the town claimed to be the worlds smallest bank. The building measures 3m by 4m, but was closed in 1997.
The surrounding areas produce wheat and other cereal crops. The town is a receival site for Cooperative Bulk Handling.

</doc>
<doc id="19773088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19773088" title="1907 Tennessee Volunteers football team">
1907 Tennessee Volunteers football team

The 1907 Tennessee Volunteers football team represented the University of Tennessee in the 1907 college football season. Led by new head coach George Levene, the Volunteers had their first seven-win season in team history.

</doc>
<doc id="19773098" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19773098" title="Melling Wildcat">
Melling Wildcat

The Melling Wildcat is a V8 powered sports car produced by Al Melling in Rochdale, Greater Manchester.
History.
The Wildcat was conceived to fill the gap left by defunct British marques such as TVR, Marcos and others. Designed to strike a balance between high performance, low cost, and adaptability for possible future legislative changes, the first running prototype car was made in only nine months and appeared in Autocar in August 2008. Since then, a small run of seven cars have been produced including a speedster version. The company has now set up a production facility in Portugal at the Autodromo do Algarve.
The Wildcat has been noted as sharing a resemblance to the TVR Griffith.
Construction.
The Wildcat has a variety of engine choices, but the standard fit is a 4.5 litre Melling V8; a modern, redeveloped version of the AJP8 used in the TVR Cerbera. Other engines can be specified including the GM LS-series, BMW V8s and the Dodge Viper V10.
The Wildcat is available with a five or six speed Tremec manual gearbox mated to a live rear axle with a rear limited slip differential; independent rear suspension may be specified when ordering. A 2.8:1 axle ratio is fitted as standard, but other ratios are possible. The driveline claimed to accept up to 1000 bhp. The chassis is a box section steel structure with built-in roll and side impact protection. The fully adjustable suspension includes front double unequal length wishbones, and a rear live axle with four locating links. Brakes are front and rear ventilated discs with four pot calipers. It has rack and pinion steering with 2.9 turns from lock to lock, and may be powered or unpowered.
Technical specifications.
Top speed: 180 mph (2.65:1 final drive ratio) or 150 mph (3:1 final drive ratio)
0-62 mph: 3.2 seconds (3:1 final drive ratio), or 3.5 (2.65:1 final drive ratio)
Curb weight: 998 kg
Engine: 4500cc V8
Installation: Front, longitudinally mounted, rear wheel drive
Power: 448 bhp @ 7200rpm
Torque: 407 lb ft @ 5200rpm
Gearbox: 6 speed manual
Wheels: 17in/18in alloy (front/rear)
Tires: 245/25x17 (front), 255x490x18 (rear)
Price: £50,000 (base)
Wildcat Race Series.
This is a project for the Wildcat to be produced as a race car, with the event being a Driver’s Championship. Negotiations for this are ongoing and there is potential to make this a reality within three years time – however further funding is necessary and a number of deals still need to be finalised.
The race will be a big noise Race Series similar to Nascar.

</doc>
<doc id="19773101" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19773101" title="Qantas Flight 72">
Qantas Flight 72

Qantas Flight 72 (QF72) was a scheduled flight from Singapore Changi Airport to Perth Airport on 7 October 2008 that made an emergency landing at Learmonth airport near the town of Exmouth, Western Australia following an inflight accident featuring a pair of sudden uncommanded pitch-down manoeuvres that resulted in serious injuries to many of the occupants. The injuries included fractures, lacerations and spinal injuries. At Learmonth, the plane was met by the Royal Flying Doctor Service and CareFlight, where 14 people were airlifted to Perth for hospitalisation, with 39 others also attending hospital. Two planes were sent by Qantas to Learmonth to collect the remaining passengers and crew. In all, 1 crew member and 11 passengers suffered serious injuries, while 8 crew and 95 passengers suffered minor injuries. The Australian Transport Safety Bureau investigation found fault with one of the aircraft's three Air Data Inertial Reference Units and a previously unknown software design limitation of the Airbus A330's fly by wire flight control primary computer (FCPC).
Aircraft.
VH-QPA was delivered new to Qantas on 26 November 2003, initially as an A330-301. It later had a change in engine type fitted and was re-designated as an Airbus A330-303 in November 2004.
Flight details.
The accident began at 12:40:28 WST. The aircraft was travelling at around when pilots received an electronic message warning them of an irregularity with autopilot and inertial reference systems. The autopilot disengaged automatically, and the aircraft climbed under manual control. The autopilot was re-engaged when the aircraft returned to the prior selected flight level before the autopilot was disengaged for the remainder of the flight. At 12:42:27 the aircraft made a sudden uncommanded pitch down manoeuvre, recording , reaching 8.4 degrees pitch down and rapidly descending in about 20 seconds before the pilots were able to return the aircraft to the assigned cruise flight level. At 12:45:08 the aircraft then made a second uncommanded manoeuvre of similar nature, this time reaching , 3.5 degrees pitch down and descending in about 16 seconds before being returned to level flight. Unrestrained passengers and crew as well as some restrained passengers on board were flung around the cabin or crashed on overhead luggage compartments. The pilots stabilised the plane and declared a state of alert (pan-pan), which was later updated to mayday when the extent of injuries was relayed to the flight crew.
Investigation.
The ATSB investigation is supported by the Australian Civil Aviation Safety Authority (CASA), Qantas, the French Bureau d'Enquêtes et d'Analyses pour la sécurité de l'Aviation Civile (BEA) and Airbus. Copies of data from the aircraft's flight data recorder and cockpit voice recorder were sent to the BEA and Airbus.
The aircraft was equipped with a Northrop Grumman made ADIRS, which investigators sent to the manufacturer in the US for further testing.
On 15 January 2009 the EASA issued an Emergency Airworthiness Directive to address the above A330 and A340 Northrop-Grumman ADIRU problem of incorrectly responding to a defective inertial reference.
The Australian Transport Safety Bureau (ATSB) identified in a preliminary report that a fault occurred within the Number 1 Air Data Inertial Reference Unit (ADIRU) and is the "likely origin of the event". The ADIRU (one of three such devices on the aircraft) began to supply incorrect data to the other aircraft systems.
The initial effects of the fault were:
About two minutes later, ADIRU #1, which was providing data to the captain's primary flight display, provided very high (and false) indications for the aircraft's angle of attack (AOA), leading to:
'"FCPC design limitation
AOA is a critically important flight parameter, and full-authority flight control systems such as those equipping A330/A340 aircraft require accurate AOA data to function properly. The aircraft was fitted with three ADIRUs to provide redundancy and enable fault tolerance, and the FCPCs used the three independent AOA values to check their consistency. In the usual case, when all three AOA values were valid and consistent, the average value of AOA 1 and AOA 2 was used by the FCPCs for their computations. If either AOA 1 or AOA 2 significantly deviated from the other two values, the FCPCs used a memorised value for 1.2 seconds. The FCPC algorithm was very effective, but it could not correctly manage a scenario where there were multiple spikes in either AOA 1 or AOA 2 that were 1.2 seconds apart.
As with other safety-critical systems, the development of the A330/A340 flight control system during 1991 and 1992 had many elements to minimise the risk of a design error. These included peer reviews, a system safety assessment (SSA), and testing and simulations to verify and validate the system requirements. None of these activities identified the design limitation in the FCPC’s AOA algorithm.
The ADIRU failure mode had not been previously encountered, or identified by the ADIRU manufacturer in its safety analysis activities. Overall, the design, verification and validation processes used by the aircraft manufacturer did not fully consider the potential effects of frequent spikes in data from an ADIRU.
Airbus has stated that they are not aware of a similar incident occurring previously on an Airbus aircraft. Airbus has released an Operators Information Telex to operators of Airbus A330 and A340 aircraft with procedural recommendations and checklists to minimise risk in the event of a similar incident.
The ATSB's continuing accident investigation will include assessment of speculation that possible interference from Naval Communication Station Harold E. Holt or passenger personal electronic devices could have been involved, although based on initial analysis, the Bureau believes these are unlikely to have been of any impact.
Final Report.
The ATSB's final report issued on 19 December 2011 concluded that the accident "occurred due to the combination of a design limitation in the flight control primary computer (FCPC) software of the Airbus A330/Airbus A340, and a failure mode affecting one of the aircraft’s three air data inertial reference units (ADIRUs). The design limitation meant that, in a very rare and specific situation, multiple spikes in angle of attack (AOA) data from one of the ADIRUs could result in the FCPCs commanding the aircraft to pitch down."
Subsequent Qantas Flight 71 incident.
On 27 December 2008, a Qantas A330-300 aircraft operating from Perth to Singapore was involved in an occurrence approximately north-west of Perth and south of Learmonth Airport at 1729 WST while flying at 36,000 feet. At this time, the autopilot disconnected and the crew received an alert indicating a problem with ADIRU Number 1. The crew actioned the revised procedure released by Airbus after the earlier accident and returned to Perth uneventfully. The ATSB will include the incident in their existing accident investigation.
The incident again fuelled media speculation regarding the significance of the Harold E. Holt facility, with the Australian and International Pilots Association calling for commercial aircraft to be barred from the area as a precaution until the events are better understood, while the manager of the facility has claimed that it is "highly, highly unlikely" that any interference has been caused.
Compensation.
In the aftermath of the accident, Qantas offered compensation to all passengers. The airline announced it would refund the cost of all travel on their itineraries covering the accident flight, offer a voucher equivalent to a return trip to London applicable to their class of travel and pay for medical expenses arising from the accident. Further compensation claims would be considered on case by case basis, with several passengers from the flight pursuing legal action against Qantas. Some have asserted that they were wearing their seatbelts at the time of the incident and some have questioned Qantas' handling of their cases.

</doc>
<doc id="19773108" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19773108" title="Ronald Howe">
Ronald Howe

Sir Ronald Martin Howe CVO MC (5 September 1896–30 August 1977) was an English barrister and police officer in the London Metropolitan Police.
Howe was the son of a journalist. He was educated at Westminster School, where he was head boy, and Christ Church, Oxford. He was commissioned into the 3rd Battalion, Royal Sussex Regiment in 1915 and served until 1919. He was wounded in 1917, was promoted Acting Captain in December 1917, won the Military Cross (MC) in 1918 as a company commander with the 7th Battalion, and was promoted Temporary Captain in September 1918. He resigned his commission in April 1920.
In 1924, he was called to the bar by the Inner Temple and joined the staff of the Director of Public Prosecutions. In February 1932, he was appointed Chief Constable (CID) in the Metropolitan Police, so that there were briefly two CID Chief Constables (John Ashley being the other). He was, however, promoted to Deputy Assistant Commissioner (CID) on 1 November 1933 and served in the post until 1945, when he was appointed Assistant Commissioner "C" (Crime). In 1953, he was appointed Deputy Commissioner of Police of the Metropolis. He retired on 20 January 1957. From 1945 to 1957, he also served as British Representative on the International Criminal Police Commission. After his retirement, he became chairman of Group 4 Total Security. In 1976 he retired from that post too, becoming the company's president.
Howe was appointed Commander of the Royal Victorian Order (CVO) in 1950 and was knighted in 1955.
He wrote "The Pursuit of Crime" (1961) and "The Story of Scotland Yard" (1965).

</doc>
<doc id="19773139" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19773139" title="Donna Grant">
Donna Grant

Donna Grant is the co-author of three bestselling novels ("Tryin' to Sleep" "in the Bed You Made", "Far From the Tree"," Better Than I Know Myself") and the re-released "Exposures", (written as Marie Joyce) originally published in 1990 by Warner Books. In January 2008, "Gotta Keep on Tryin’", the sequel to "Tryin’ to Sleep in the Bed You Made" was published by Touchstone/Simon & Schuster.
Biography.
Grant attended Barnard College and is a graduate of New York University. She is a Brooklyn, New York native and currently lives in the borough with her husband. Before becoming a novelist, she spent more than a decade as a plus-size model, represented by the 12+ division of Ford Models. Grant was featured in catalogs and national ads, on the pages of such magazines as "Essence", "McCalls", "Family Circle" and "Woman's Day", and has made appearances on "Today", "Good Morning America", and "Live with Regis and Kathie Lee".
During this time Grant met co-author, Virginia DeBerry, who was also a plus-size model vying for the same assignments. Their modeling careers led to the opportunity to launch Maxima, a fashion and lifestyle magazine for plus-size women, where Virginia was editor-in-chief and Donna the managing editor. When publication of Maxima ceased, Virginia and Donna decided to try writing a book together. Best friends for more than 25 years, have turned a friendship into the most successful collaboration to date in African-American fiction. 
Their first effort, Exposures was published under the pseudonym Marie Joyce (for Donna Marie and Virginia Joyce). It was also published in Spain as Instantaneas. Their next book, written as DeBerry and Grant, was "Tryin' to Sleep in the Bed You Made", which was a critical success, an Essence Magazine Bestseller, as are all three of their books, and won the Merit Award for Fiction from the Black Caucus of the American Library Association, as well as the 1998 Book of the Year Award from the Blackboard Bestseller List/African American Booksellers Conference-Book Expo America. More than that, it hit an emotional nerve with tens of thousands of readers from all over the world who continue to write to Virginia and Donna ten years after the book's publication. "Far From the Tree" became a New York Times Bestseller, and "Better Than I Know Myself" received two Open Book Awards, and was included on the Best African-American fiction of 2004 lists of both Borders and WaldenBooks. 
In addition to speaking at book fairs and literary festivals around the country for the past eight years, Virginia and Donna have been keynote, motivational/inspirational speakers and served on panels for a wide variety of meetings, organizations, companies, churches, cultural and educational institutions, including: DELL North America, Women Work!, Alpha Kappa Alpha sorority, Florida Agricultural and Mechanical University, Speaking of Women's Health (Procter & Gamble) & the Texas Conference for Women. Their honest and powerful messages have received praise from literary, business and academic audiences. They have also appeared on CNN, Good Day New York and been featured on the pages of Essence Magazine, Glamour (magazine), American Woman, and Black Issues Book Review. 
Last year, Donna and Virginia joined with partners Tyrha Lindsey and Tracey Kemble to form 4 Colored Girls Productions. The movie Tryin’ to Sleep in the Bed You Made, based on their 1997 novel, is their first independent feature. Their next novel, "What Doesn’t Kill You", will be published in January 2009.
Bibliography.
Exposures (as Marie Joyce), Warner Books/Popular Library (New York, NY),1990, BackinPrint (iUniverse)2005.
Tryin’ to Sleep in the Bed You Made, St. Martin’s Press (New York, NY), 1997.
Far from the Tree, St. Martin’s Press (New York, NY), 2000.
Better Than I Know Myself, St. Martin’s Press (New York, NY), 2004.
Gotta Keep On Tryin’: A Novel (sequel to Tryin’ to Sleep in the Bed You Made), Simon & Schuster (New York, NY), 2008.
What Doesn’t Kill You: A Novel, Simon & Schuster (New York, NY), 2009.
Awards.
Black Caucus of the American Library Association, showing Virginia Deberry & Donna Grant as 1998 recipients of a BCALA Honor Award in fiction for Tryin'.
http://www.bcala.org/awards/past_litwinners2.htm
BlackBoard 1998 Book of the Year Winners—Award presented at BookExpo, the Book and Author Breakfast, Sunday May 31, 1998, McCormack Place Convention Center, Chicago, IL(Tryin' was the largest selling hardcover work of African American fiction for 1997)
Girl Book Club, 1997 New Author of the Year Award, (click on Award Winners Hall of Fame)
http://www.goongirl.org/events/author_awards/ 
African American Literary Awards Show—Open Book Award, September 29, 2004, 
http://www.literaryawardshow.com/
References.
Glamour (magazine)--an article about Virginia DeBerry & Donna Grant appeared in the Between Friends column, January 1997 issue, pg 104. The article is titled "Friend Power"
Essence Magazine--February 1997—Word Star column pg 56
Black Issues Book Review, Sept-Oct 2000, Partners in Their Prime by Sharon Fitzgerald (pg 64-66)
Fox After Breakfast—Feb 6, 1997
Good Day New York—Feb 9, 1997
Contemporary Authors New Revision (CANR)Gale (Cengage)
PERIODICALS
Black Issues Book Review, January 2001, Robyn Moore, review of Far from the Tree, p. 23; May–June 2004, Kalyn Johnson, review of Better Than I Know Myself,p. 46.
Booklist, July 2000, Lillian Lewis, review of Far from the Tree, p. 1972.
Essence Magazine, November 2000, review of Far from the Tree, p. 82.
Library Journal, November 15, 2007, Laurie A. Cavanaugh, review of Gotta Keep On Tryin’: A Novel, p. 48.
People (magazine), September 11, 2000, Julie K.L. Dam, review of Far from the Tree, p. 59.
Publishers Weekly, August 21, 2000, review of Far from the Tree, p. 47; October 8, 2007, review of Gotta Keep On Tryin’, p. 36.
School Library Journal, March 2001, Joyce Fay Fletcher, review of Far from the Tree, p. 281.
ONLINE
Best Reviews, http://thebestreviews.com/ (June 12, 2004), Harriet Klausner,review of Better Than I Know Myself.
BookPage, http://www.bookpage.com/ (August 30, 2008), Arlene McKanic, review of Better Than I Know Myself.
Curled Up with a Good Book, http://curledup.com/ (August 30, 2008), Joan Burke Stanford, review of Gotta Keep On Tryin’.
Page One, http://conniebriscoe.com/ (February 13, 2008), Connie Briscoe,
interview with DeBerry and Grant.
Virginia DeBerry & Donna Grant Home Page, http://www.deberryandgrant.com/ (August 30, 2008), author profile.*

</doc>
<doc id="19773157" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19773157" title="Institute for Nature Conservation and Forests">
Institute for Nature Conservation and Forests

The Institute for Nature Conservation and Forests (Portuguese: "Instituto da Conservação da Natureza e das Florestas"), ICNF, is the responsible governmental body for the nature and forest policies, including the management of Protected Areas and state forested areas of Portugal.
History.
With the re-organization of the "Instituto da Conservação da Natureza e Biodiversidade" ("Institute for Nature Conservation and Biodiversity") in 2012, the ICNF was formed, under Decree-Law 135/2012 (29 June 2012).
Organization.
The Institute for Nature Conservation and Forestry is a public institute, indirectly administrated by the Portuguese State, endowed with administrative and financial autonomy and its own assets.
The ICNF's mission is to propose, monitor and ensure the implementation of policies in the fields of nature conservancy and forestry, to promote the conservation, sustainable use, appreciation, and enjoyment of the natural heritage. In addition, it promotes the sustainable development of forests and resource members, to allow increased competitiveness along the forestry-to-industry chain, but also to defend hunting resources and aquaculture along inland waterways.

</doc>
<doc id="19773161" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19773161" title="Nottingham Brewery">
Nottingham Brewery

Nottingham Brewery, is a microbrewery located in Nottingham, England. The name Nottingham Brewery refers to two different breweries in the Nottingham area. The first was established in 1847 and situated in York House on Mansfield Road. The current brewery was established in 2001 in Radford.
History.
Philip Darby and Niven Balfour established the brewery after selling their remaining half of the Castle Rock Brewery to co-owners Tynemill in 2001. They had previously established the Castle Rock Brewery under the name "Bramcote Brewery" in 1996. After rapid expansion they moved to larger premises next to the Vat & Fiddle public house in 1998 and sold 50% to Tynemill, owners of the Vat & Fiddle.
In 2001 Philip and Niven decided to go it alone once more and sold their remaining share in Castle Rock to Tynemill. Meanwhile they purchased the Plough public house in Radford, Nottingham and spent several months converting the outbuildings to a ten barrel plant. The Plough had previously been owned by the older Nottingham Brewery and it was decided to resurrect the name and brands which had become available for use once more. The original brewery had closed in 1952 after being taken over by Tennant Brothers who in turn were bought out by Whitbread. In Witbread's subsequent takeover by Interbrew the names were no longer owned by any brewing company and were adopted for the 21st century revival.
19th Century.
The brewery was situated at 52/56 Mansfield Road, Nottingham where York House now stands.The origins of the Brewery can be traced back to at least 1847 when James Long was listed as an East India and Pale Ale Brewer on the site. He sold the business in 1875 and after passing through several ownerships it was purchased in 1879 by Edward Wheeler Field.
The brewery became a registered company in 1887 at which time it was recorded as owning many public houses of which several are still standing. For example:-
In 1887 it was decided to completely rebuild the premises to make it one of the best equipped in the country. Wm. Bradford of Carlton Chambers in London designed the handsome new building in a Grecian style. Overall the site occupied 21,000 sq. ft.
20th Century.
In 1900 the Wellow Brewery Company of Messrs. Lewis and Barker was acquired, along with 19 tied houses. This was located on Wellowgate in Grimsby and it continued to operate until it was closed in 1944. After this date the site appears to have operated as a depot for the company as indicated on a bottle label we have uncovered.
Nottingham Brewery soon established itself as the City's main brewery, serving fine ales to local citizens from its expanding estate of public houses. It also gained world-wide acclaim for transporting its gold medal winning India Pale Ale to troops of the British Empire across the globe. Two brand names were used and became well known both inside the city and further afield, they were "Maltanop" and "Rock Ales".
Nottingham is built on sandstone and beneath the city is honeycomb of caves. Indeed the early inhabitants of Nottingham, "the snots" (hence "Snottingham") originally inhabited these caves (The Caves of Nottingham tourist attraction in the Broad Marsh shopping centre provides more information and chance to explore some of the caves). Beneath the brewery immense sandstone cellars were used as an excellent storage location for beers as the temperature never rose above an ideal 56 degrees Fahrenheit, this of course is where the name "Rock Ales" originated. When the Great Central railway was completed in the late 1890s it ran in a deep cutting behind the brewery into the new Victoria Station. In 1894 a long tunnel was built to enable the brewery to link their network of caves directly to their own sidings in the station. This facilitated the direct transfer of casks and crates of bottles onto rail wagons, placing Nottingham Brewery at the hub of the country's booming rail network and distributing their beers far and wide.
The brewery continued to flourish through the first half of the 20th century, and was sold to Tennant Brothers Ltd. of the Exchange Brewery, Sheffield in 1944 along with 150 pubs. Bottling ceased in 1948 and brewing in May 1952. On 15 June 1956 the Nottingham Brewery Company was formally wound up. The deed of conveyance and assignment to facilitate this lists all of the assets of Nottingham Brewery including details of all their pubs and this 29 page document can be viewed by clicking here
However soon after Tennants had closed the brewery it was bought by Whitbread who brewed their own brands there, the name "Mackeson" appearing on the brewery tower, until the site was sold to developers in 1960 and demolished. Ironically, Tennants were swallowed up by Whitbread in 1962, although their Exchange Brewery on Bridge Street in Sheffield survived into the eighties.
A concrete office block now stands on the site, although the cellars beneath still remain. However the brewery tap "The Rose of England" is still standing, right next to York House. It was built in 1899 by the celebrated Nottingham architect Watson Fothergill. It replaced an earlier brewery tap, Filo da Puta, named after the 1815 St. Ledger winner which when translated means "son of a whore"!
The 1960s saw a marked change in the beer market with the rise of large commercial breweries and the increasing popularity of mass-produced lagers; Nottingham Brewery struggled to maintain market share during this time. 
21st Century.
But all things turn circle and Whitbread themselves became the target of a buy-out by an even bigger fish Interbrew of Belgium. This left the name and brands of the Nottingham Brewery available once again so local brewers Philip Darby and Niven Balfour saw the ideal chance to give the city its brewing name back and by delving deep into the archives, have resurrected some of the fine brews that gave Nottingham 'BEER TO BE PROUD OF'.
Current brews(2008).
They also brew a range of one-offs and seasonal beers.
The brewery advises that their beer should not be served through a sparkler.

</doc>
<doc id="19773163" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19773163" title="Zed Bias">
Zed Bias

Zed Bias (born Dave Jones on 4 January) is an English electronic musician who operates within the UK garage and broken beat genres, both as a producer and a DJ. Jones has also released material under the pseudonym Maddslinky, and is half of the Phuturistix duo, as well as other side projects.
Zed Bias is best known for his single "Neighbourhood" which reached #25 in the UK charts in July 2000. He has remixed songs by artists such as Gabrielle, Kosheen, Maxim, Pharoahe Monch and The Streets. He runs the Sidestepper Recordings label. Zed Bias' releases, which explore a more experimental or progressive side of the 2-step garage sound, have been hailed as a crucial element in the establishment of dubstep as a definable sound or genre.
He produced and remixed the Scrufizzer song "Kick It", which entered the UK Singles Chart at number 62.

</doc>
<doc id="19773168" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19773168" title="Sedeño River">
Sedeño River

Sedeño River is a river of eastern Mexico. It flows through the municipality of Xalapa, in the state of Veracruz. 

</doc>
<doc id="19773183" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19773183" title="Carneros River">
Carneros River

Carneros River is a river of eastern Mexico. It flows through the municipality of Xalapa, in the state of Veracruz. 

</doc>
<doc id="19773185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19773185" title="Sordo River (Mexico)">
Sordo River (Mexico)

Sordo River is a river of eastern Mexico. It flows through the municipality of Xalapa, in the state of Veracruz. 

</doc>
<doc id="19773192" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19773192" title="Santiago River (Mexico)">
Santiago River (Mexico)

Santiago River is a river of eastern Mexico. It flows through the municipality of Xalapa, in the state of Veracruz. 

</doc>
<doc id="19773194" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19773194" title="Zapotillo River">
Zapotillo River

Zapotillo River is a river of eastern Mexico. It flows through the municipality of Xalapa, in the state of Veracruz. 

</doc>
<doc id="19773195" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19773195" title="Castillo River">
Castillo River

Castillo River is a river of eastern Mexico. It flows through the municipality of Xalapa, in the state of Veracruz. 

</doc>
<doc id="19773197" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19773197" title="Coapexpan River">
Coapexpan River

Coapexpan River is a river of eastern Mexico. It flows through the municipality of Xalapa, in the state of Veracruz. 

</doc>
<doc id="19773203" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19773203" title="WNPC (AM)">
WNPC (AM)

WNPC (1060 AM) is a radio station licensed to Newport, Tennessee, USA. The station is currently owned by Bristol Broadcasting Company, Inc.

</doc>
<doc id="19773221" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19773221" title="Cerro de Macuiltépetl">
Cerro de Macuiltépetl

Cerro de Macuiltépetl is a mountain of eastern Mexico with an elevation of 1522 metres above sea level. 
It is located in the Cofre de Perote mountainous area of the municipality of Xalapa, in the state of Veracruz.

</doc>
<doc id="19773226" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19773226" title="Honda CLR">
Honda CLR

Introduced in 1998, The Honda CLR125 CityFly was launched as a dual purpose motorcycle and is powered by a 124 cc SOHC single-cylinder engine. The Honda CLR does not have the same engine as the Honda CG125, but the engine from the Honda XLR offroad motorcycle. The Honda CLR 125 "CityFly" was discontinued in 2003.
The Honda CLR 125 received mostly favorable reviews upon release.

</doc>
<doc id="19773245" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19773245" title="NWE T 1 to 3">
NWE T 1 to 3

The four-axled, driving railcars NWE T 1 to 3 were intended to provide more cost-effective railway services for the Nordhausen-Wernigeroder Eisenbahn-Gesellschaft during times of low traffic demand. Only the T 1 had seats, the other two only a luggage compartment. 
On their takeover by the Deutsche Reichsbahn in East Germany after the Second World War they were given the numbers VT 137 561, 565 and 566. Due to a shortage of spare parts, T 1 and 2 were scrapped around 1965 and only T 3, which is still preserved today, was given a computerised number, 187 025, by the DR in 1972. Since 1993 it has been in the possession of the "Harzer Schmalspurbahnen" (HSB) and was restored to working condition in 1999 after over 20 years in storage. Unlike the other HSB railcars, this one is painted uniformly in wine red and, with the exception of the 2007 programme, has been used exclusively for special services (during the inspections of the new railcars HSB 187 016 to 019).

</doc>
<doc id="19773246" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19773246" title="Battle for Grain">
Battle for Grain

The Battle for Grain was an economic policy undertaken by the Fascists in Italy during the 1920s as a move toward autarky.
Background.
When Benito Mussolini took over as Prime Minister of Italy in 1922 the economy was in a bad state following World War I. Between 1922 and 1925, the financial and economic situation generally improved dramatically and this helped to increase the power of Italy, who strived to be one of the world's leading countries. But in order to continue their development Mussolini decided that Italy needed to become near enough self-sufficient rather than greatly relying upon foreign imports, particularly of grain. The way that this happened was through the "Battle for Grain".
Details.
Aims.
The policy had a number of aims. These comprised:
Actions.
The policy was first put into practice in 1925 when high tariffs were placed on imported bread in a similar way to the Corn Laws in Britain during the 19th century. By doing this they hoped that Italians would need to produce more of their own bread instead of relying on cheap imports. Land which had not been used for years and was infertile was now utilised, however it was very expensive to farm. The government also gave grants to those farmers who were producing crops to buy machinery and fertiliser.
Results.
The policy had both positive and negative effects for Italy. On the positive side, cereal production doubled from 1922 to 1939 and by 1940 they had become more or less self-sufficient at cereal production; wheat imports went down by 75% in the years 1925-1935. The increased protection on Italian crops was a benefit to the farmers and grain producers, especially the inefficient landowners in the poor south who were offered a guaranteed price for their crops.
However the rearing of animals and growing of vines (other vital aspects of agriculture) did not happen as much as a result of the focus on grain. The self-sufficiency did not stretch to fertilizers and this was a problem in World War II when imports of natural and chemical fertilizers were cut. The cost of bread to the everyday Italian rose sharply and the quality of their diet was reduced.

</doc>
<doc id="19773247" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19773247" title="KWAM">
KWAM

KWAM (990 AM) 'The New Voice of Memphis' is a radio station licensed to Memphis, Tennessee, USA, the station serves the Memphis area. The station is currently owned by Legacy Media - Memphis, LLC. Legacy Media also owns another station in Atlanta, Georgia. The "K" in its call sign related to the fact that the transmitter is west of the Mississippi River even though the studios are in Memphis. It was originally owned by the "Dee" Rivers Group, which also owned WEAS in Savannah, GA, WGOV in Valdosta, GA, and other stations in GA and FL. 
The current on air talent includes Chris Wade (M-F from 6AM-8AM) and Earrle Farrel (M-F from 3PM-6PM). The 'Variety Hour' (M-F 8AM-9AM) has a variety of hosts (hence the name) who talk about a wide range of subjects. Executive entrepreneur, mystery/thriller author Steve Bradshaw 'The Steve Bradshaw Show (Saturdays 1PM-2PM) and 3 new in-studio shows on Sundays (Sunday Morning with Brother Love, The Truth, The Whole Truth, and Nothing but The Truth and It's a Relationship).
History.
Concord Media Group sold KWAM to Legacy Media in 2007.
Weekly Schedule.
Monday - Friday
12:00am-3:00am
Phil Hendrie
3:00am-6:00am
Doug Stephan
6:00am-8:00am
Memphis This Morning with Chris Wade
8:00am-9:00am
Variety Hour
9:00am-12:00pm
The Herman Cain Show
12:00pm-1:00pm
Marybeth Conley At Noon
1:00pm-3:00pm
The Clark Howard Show
3:00pm-7:00pm
The Earle Farrell 4 Memphis Show
7:00pm-10:00pm
The Jerry Doyle Show
10:00pm-12:00pm
Ed Schultz
Saturday
3:00am-5:00am
Travel Talk with The Frommers
5:00am-8:00am
Doug Stephan Weekend
8:00am-9:00am
Retirement Results Radio
9:00am-10:00am 
Straight Down The Line with Charlotte and Charles Show
10:00am-11:00am
Counter Point Live
11:00am-12:00pm
Combat Conversation
12:00pm-1:00pm
The Good Times Gambling Show with Rudy Schiffer
1:00pm-2:00pm
The Steve Bradshaw Show
2:00pm-3:00pm
Memphis Police Association Show
3:00pm-5:00pm
The Labor Agenda
5:00pm-6:00pm
Straight Talk with Sidney Chism
6:00pm-9:00pm
Big Billy Kinder Outdoors
9:00pm-12:00am 
The Best of Clark Howard
Sunday
12:00pm-3:00am 
Phil Hendrie
3:00am-5:00am
Pet Talk with Warren Eckstein
5:00am-9:00am
Paul Parent Garden Show
9:00am-10:00am
Sunday Morning with Brother Love
10:00am-11:00am
The Catholic Café
11:00pm-12:00pm
The Travel Show
1:00pm-2:00pm
Safe Money Radio
2:00pm-4:00pm
The Dr. Joy Browne Show
4:00pm-5:00pm
The Truth, The Whole Truth, and Nothing but The Truth
5:00pm-6:00pm
It's a Relationship
6:00pm-9:00pm
Gun Talk
9:00pm-12:00am
Doug Stephan
References.
http://www.kwam990.com/kwam-schedule.aspx
External links.
<br clear=all>

</doc>
<doc id="19773248" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19773248" title="Richard Paternoster">
Richard Paternoster

Richard Paternoster (14 October 1802 - 21 July 1892) was an English civil servant in the East India Company, barrister and founder of the Alleged Lunatics' Friend Society, an organisation that exposed abuses in lunatic asylums and campaigned for the reform of the lunacy laws.
Early life and career.
Paternoster was born in 1802 in London, the son of surgeon John Paternoster and Elizabeth Twining. He followed his older brother John to Haileybury College, where he was a brilliant student and won prizes for Sanskrit and Deva Nagri writing. He started his career in the Madras civil service as a writer (a junior clerk) and in 1824 was promoted to an assistant to the magistrate at Bellary. In 1827 he returned to England due to ill-health and was awarded a pension of £150 a year from the East India Company. After spending some time in Paris he settled in London, lodging with widowed basketmaker Catherine Scott and her children in Haymarket. Paternoster was interested in politics and in 1835 produced a handbill calling for parliamentary and various other reforms.
Incarceration.
In 1838 Paternoster quarrelled over money with his father and his brother-in-law, solicitor Thomas Wing. These two then arranged to have Paternoster certified as insane and incarcerated in William Finch's private madhouse in Kensington High Street. Paternoster immediately smuggled out a letter to Catherine Scott, who mobilised his friends to try and secure his release. The Metropolitan Commissioners in Lunacy were called in and by a vote of 6 to 4 pronounced him sane. The commissioners had, by law, to see a patient on 3 occasions at least 21 days apart before they could make a decision, so Paternoster spent 41 days in captivity.
Alleged Lunatics' Friend Society.
On his release Paternoster inserted an advertisement in The Times, appealing for others who shared his concerns about the lunacy laws to join him. Respondents included two people who were to play a leading role in the Alleged Lunatics' Friend Society (as the group was known when it became a formal organisation in 1845):
Former patients John Parkin, a surgeon, and William Bailey, an inventor, also responded to Paternoster's advertisement.
Paternoster v Finch.
Paternoster took legal action against William Finch, the proprietor of Kensington House asylum, and several other people, including his father and his brother-in-law, who had been involved in his detention. The case was heard in the Court of Common Pleas and resulted in an agreement between the parties. Finch would pay the court costs and provide Paternoster with a life annuity of £150 a year. Paternoster then ran up huge legal bills in pursuit of his annuity.
"The Madhouse System".
While he was in Kensington House, Paternoster kept notes of his treatment. Once released he researched parliamentary reports, visited asylums and contacted other patients and wrote a series of articles for the London magazine "The Satirist". In 1841 he published these in the form of a book, "The Madhouse System".
Later life.
In 1845 Paternoster became a barrister. He died, aged 89, in 1892.
Don Leon.
While Paternoster was in India, in 1825, he made a generous donation towards a statue of Lord Byron. Two and a half years later, disappointed at the lack of action of the statue committee, he wrote an angry letter, signed "Byronicus", to "The Times", accusing Byron's friends of having neglected him in both life and death. Byron scholar Doris Langley Moore used this as the basis of a theory that Paternoster could be the author of the anonymous poem "Don Leon", although she admits that the "chain of evidence lacks even one link".

</doc>
<doc id="19773258" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19773258" title="Judgement Tower">
Judgement Tower

The Judgement Tower () is a fortified medieval tower in the city of Maribor, Slovenia. An original tower built on the site in the early 14th century secured the southwestern corner of the city walls. It was completely rebuilt in 1540, with the addition of a conical roof which burned down in the 17th century.
The tower has seen several additions; the renaissance structure extends to the tops of the second-floor windows, and is followed an early 17th century extension. Four more floors were added in the 19th century.
The tower partially burned down again in 1937 and was restored in the 1950s. It is one of several surviving elements of the former city walls; others include the Water Tower and the Jewish Tower, while the Benetke Tower was demolished in the late 1960s to make way for a hydroelectric reservoir.

</doc>
<doc id="19773263" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19773263" title="1908 Tennessee Volunteers football team">
1908 Tennessee Volunteers football team

The 1908 Tennessee Volunteers football team represented the University of Tennessee in the 1908 college football season. The season was the second of head coach George Levene's three-year tenure. The Volunteers had compiled four wins in Southern Intercollegiate Athletic Association play, the most in team history.

</doc>
<doc id="19773266" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19773266" title="Aaron Bobick">
Aaron Bobick

Aaron F Bobick is a professor and school chair in the School of Interactive Computing at the Georgia Institute of Technology (Georgia Tech).
Bobick’s research is in the field of artificial intelligence and computer vision. He has chaired and published papers in top-tier academic conferences in these areas. His research and expert opinions on technology have also been reported in major news sources.
Biography.
Education.
Bobick has received his undergraduate degrees in 1981 in Mathematics and Computer Science from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology. Following this, Bobick received his Ph.D. (1987), in Cognitive Science also from MIT.
Research career.
Upon receiving his Ph.D. from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Bobick worked at the MIT Media Lab as an Assistant and Associate Professor until he left to accept a position as an Associate Professor at the Georgia Institute of Technology in the College of Computing. Since arriving at Georgia Tech, Bobick has also been the director of the GVU Center and in 2007 he became the first chair of the new School of Interactive Computing.
Among Bobick’s accomplishments is KidsRoom, an immersive entertainment and learning environment that was a featured exhibit in the Millennium Dome. His expertise in using computer vision techniques to recognize people has also resulted in his research being reported by the BBC News and ABC News.
Research interests.
Bobick's research lies generally in the fields of Artificial Intelligence (AI) and computer vision. However, his research has also included research in the area of ubiquitous computing with a particular focus on smart home environments and living laboratories.

</doc>
<doc id="19773285" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19773285" title="Cascada de Texolo">
Cascada de Texolo

Cascada de Texolo is a waterfall of eastern Mexico. It is located south of the town of Xico, in the state of Veracruz, and approximately from Xalapa city. 
The waterfall is roughly high. There is a bridge over the gorge connecting the dense woodland together. On the other side there are two smaller waterfalls that can be seen from some of the footpaths in the area. 
The falls and the surrounding area have been used in several movies, including "Romancing The Stone" and "Clear And Present Danger". In "Romancing The Stone", the jewel is hidden in a cave behind a waterfall and Texolo Waterfall was used for that scene.

</doc>
<doc id="19773296" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19773296" title="Komarole">
Komarole

Komarole is a mandal in the Prakasam district, Andhra Pradesh, India.
It belongs to Giddalur Assembly constancy and Ongole Parliament constancy. It is 17km away from Giddalur.
It is the mandalam with having school,colleges,national banks it is in the border of kadapa district

</doc>
<doc id="19773303" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19773303" title="Gertrud Kolmar">
Gertrud Kolmar

Gertrud Käthe Chodziesner (10 December 1894 – March 1943), known by the literary pseudonym Gertrud Kolmar, was a German lyric poet and writer. She was born in Berlin and died, after her arrest and deportation as a Jew, in Auschwitz, a victim of the Nazi Final Solution. Though she was a cousin of Walter Benjamin, little is known of her life. She is considered one of the finest poets in the German language.
Life.
Gertrud Kolmar came from an assimilated middle-class German Jewish family. Her father, Ludwig
Chodziesner, was a criminal defense lawyer. Her mother Elise's maiden name was Schoenflies. She grew up in Berlin's Charlottenburg quarter, in the present-day Berlin-Westend, and was educated in several private schools, the last one being a women's agricultural and home economics college at Elbisbach near Leipzig. While active as a kindergarten teacher, she learnt Russian and completed a course in 1915/1916 for language teachers in Berlin, graduating with a diploma in English and French. At about this time she had a brief affair with an army officer, Karl Jodel, which ended with an abortion, which her parents insisted on her having. During the last two years of World War I she was also employed as an interpreter and censor of soldiers' correspondence in a prisoner-of-war camp in Döberitz, near Berlin.
In 1917 her first book, simply titled 'Poems', ("Gedichte") appeared, under the pseudonym of "Gertrud Kolmar", Kolmar being the German name for the town of Chodzież in the former Prussian province of Posen from which her family came. After the war, she worked as a governess for several families in Berlin, and briefly, in 1927, in Hamburg, as a teacher of the handicapped. In that same year she undertook a study trip to France, staying in Paris and Dijon, where she trained to be an interpreter. In 1928, she returned to her family home after her mother's health deteriorated in order to look after the household. Upon her mother's death in March 1930, she worked as her father's secretary.
In the late 1920s her poems began to appear in various literary journals and anthologies. Her third volume, "Die Frau und die Tiere" came out under a Jewish publisher's imprint in August 1938 but was pulped after the Kristallnacht pogrom in November of that year. The Chodziesner family, as a result of the intensification of the persecution of Jews under National Socialism, had to sell its house in the Berlin suburb of Finkenkrug, which, to Kolmar's imagination became her 'lost paradise' ("das verlorene Paradies"), and was constrained to take over a floor in an apartment block called 'Jewshome' ("Judenhaus") in the Berlin suburb of Schöneberg.
From July 1941 she was ordered to work in a forced labour corvée in the German armaments industry. Her father was deported in September 1942 to Theresienstadt where he died in February 1943. Gertrud Kolmar was arrested in the course of a factory raid on the 27th of February 1943, and transported on 2 March to the Auschwitz concentration camp. Though the date and circumstances of her death are not known, she was apparently murdered in the gas chamber shortly after her arrival.
Literary standing.
Post-war critics have accorded Kolmar a very high place in literature. Jacob Picard, in his epilogue to "Gertrud Kolmar: Das Lyrische Werk" described her both as 'one of the most important woman poets' in the whole of German literature, and 'the greatest lyrical poetess of Jewish descent who has ever lived'. Michael Hamburger withheld judgement on the latter affirmation on the grounds he was not sufficiently competent to judge, but agreed with Picard's high estimation of her as a master poet in the German lyrical canon. Patrick Bridgwater, citing the great range of her imagery and verse forms, and the passionate integrity which runs through her work, likewise writes that she was 'one of the great poets of her time, and perhaps the greatest woman poet "ever" to have written in German'.
Posthumous honours.
On the 24 February 1993, a plaque in her honour was placed at Haus Ahornallee 37, in Berlin's Charlottenburg suburb. Her name has also been given to a street in Berlin which runs directly through the former site of Hitler's Reich Chancellery, near the location of the Führerbunker.

</doc>
<doc id="19773320" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19773320" title="Alexander Streatfeild-Moore">
Alexander Streatfeild-Moore

Alexander McNeill Streatfeild-Moore (born Alexander McNeill Streatfeild; 17 October 1863 – 30 December 1940) was an English cricketer.
In all, he played in seven first-class cricket matches for Kent County Cricket Club between 1885 and 1888, scoring 127 runs at an average of 9.07. He also played for Charterhouse School and Sandhurst, whom he captained. Upon his death in Newbury, Berkshire, the "Wisden Cricketers' Almanack" described him as being "a free-hitting bat with good style ... a useful slow bowler and a brilliant fieldsman". His brother Edward Champion Streatfeild (1870-1932) also played first class cricket for Surrey County Cricket Club between 1890 and 1892.
Born in Westerham, son of Alexander Streatfeild (1837–1887) and Helen McNeill (1838-1902), he was a member of the Streatfeild family, a well known family in Kent. He was the first cousin of William Champion Streatfeild, bishop of Lewes and his grandmother, Hannah Fry, was the daughter of the prison reformer, Elizabeth Fry. He married his first cousin Evelyn Agatha Gatyana Streatfeild (1884-1975) and had two sons Frank Alexander (b 1918) and Thomas Edward (1921–1945).
Alexander McNeill Streatfeild-Moore died on 30 December 1940 at Oakhanger Park, Shefford Woodlands, Newbury, Berkshire, aged 77.

</doc>
