<doc id="19472441" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19472441" title="Ricardo Barreiros">
Ricardo Barreiros

Ricardo Jorge Silva Barreiros (born Sintra, 17 January 1982) is a Portuguese roller hockey player. He plays as a midfielder and as a forward. He's considered one of the best roller hockey players of nowadays.
Career.
Barreiros played first at CD Paço d'Arcos, being promoted to the first category in 2001/02. He was assigned for Benfica for the season of 2004/2005. He played four seasons for the "Eagles" rink hockey team but never won the National Championship. He moved to Liceo da Coruña, in Spain, where he played from 2009/10 to 2011/12. Barreiros returned to Portugal to play for FC Porto in 2012/13.
Barreiros is a usual player for Portugal, having his first game in 2003. He played in the Rink Hockey World Championship, in 2005, 2007, 2009, 2011 and 2013, and in the Rink Hockey European Championship, in 2004, 2006, 2008, 2010 and 2012. He achieved his greatest success by now at the 2008 Rink Hockey European Championship, where Portugal reached the 2nd place, losing narrowly the final to Spain by 1-0. He was also the top scorer of the competition with 10 goals. He has currently 45 caps.

</doc>
<doc id="19472446" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19472446" title="Tian'anmen East Station">
Tian'anmen East Station

Tian'anmen East Station () is a station on Line 1 of the Beijing Subway. It provides the most direct access to many Beijing tourist sites, including Tiananmen Square and The Forbidden City.

</doc>
<doc id="19472448" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19472448" title="The Alligator 90-100 FM">
The Alligator 90-100 FM

The Alligator 90FM (later renamed "The Alligator 90-100FM") was a radio station broadcasting in Hawke's Bay, New Zealand, from 1994 to 1998. The station initially went on air on 90.3 FM from temporary studios on Station Street, Napier, before relocating to a new building on the corner of Carlyle and Craven Streets. The Alligator ran an adult contemporary format, filling a hole in the market. Positioning statements included "Better Music Variety and Less Talking", and "The Original FM Music Station for Adults".
The station's first programme director was Andrew Jefferies. Other announcers included James Milner, Virgil Troy, Julie-Ann Barnes, and station manager Graeme Parsonage. Later, Mark Bramley joined the radio line-up.
Within months of the station's launch, a second transmitter was installed on Bluff Hill and relayed the programmes to Napier Hill and Port residents on 99.9 FM. At this time, the station was renamed "The Alligator 90-100FM".
Eventually, The Alligator hit hard times and was sold. The station was replaced with a satellite programme from Hamilton and renamed "Easy Listening i90". The 99.9 frequency broadcast a new programme for youth - Xtreme 100. These stations continued to broadcast for a few years before they were bought by The Radio Network. 

</doc>
<doc id="19472451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19472451" title="Wangfujing Station">
Wangfujing Station

Wangfujing Station () is a station on Line 1 of the Beijing Subway. The main exit opens up at the South end of Wangfujing shopping street, not far from the famous Wangfujing snack street.

</doc>
<doc id="19472475" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19472475" title="1968 British Speedway League Division Two">
1968 British Speedway League Division Two

The 1968 British Speedway League Division Two was the inaugural season of a second tier of motorcycle speedway in Great Britain. Belle Vue Aces, members of the first division, fielded a reserve side known as Belle Vue Colts and won the first competition.

</doc>
<doc id="19472485" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19472485" title="Feast of the Blood Monsters">
Feast of the Blood Monsters

Feast of the Blood Monsters is the debut album by Dance Club Massacre. It was released on June 6, 2006 independently and was re-issued on July 10, 2007.
Release and information.
The band originally self-produced "Feast of the Blood Monsters" and released it onto Interpunk on June 6, 2006 but only limited to 1,1000 copies. The album reached on Interpunk's list of top 50 best sold items selling all of its copes and they subsequently signed to Black Market Activities who then reissued and remastered the album and released it with new artwork on July 10, 2007.
The album features many popular culture references throughout such as how track 10 is a quote from the film "Home Alone", the female screaming audio clip in "Murders Come with Smiles" is from the film "The Blair Witch Project" and the end of the album features an audio sample from "Mortal Kombat II".

</doc>
<doc id="19472486" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19472486" title="Dongdan Station">
Dongdan Station

Dongdan Station () is an interchange station on Line 1 and Line 5 of the Beijing Subway.

</doc>
<doc id="19472487" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19472487" title="The Dearborn Inn">
The Dearborn Inn

The Dearborn Inn, a Marriott Hotel, is a luxurious historic hotel, conceived by Henry Ford, who saw a need for food and accommodations for visitors flying into the nearby Ford Airport. It is located in Metro Detroit at 20301 Oakwood Boulevard in the suburban city of Dearborn, Michigan near The Henry Ford and Ford Motor Company World Headquarters. Albert Kahn designed the Dearborn Inn in the Georgian architectural style. The Dearborn Inn is owned by Ford Motor Land Development Corporation and managed by Marriott International.
Features.
Inspired by a passion for Colonial Revival architecture, Henry Ford commissioned renowned architect Albert Kahn to design The Dearborn Inn, who in 1931 would create a Georgian inn to serve Ford’s Dearborn airport. The Dearborn hotel is now recognized on the National Register of Historic Places and features 231 rooms, including five Colonial guest homes, built in 1937. While thoughtful interior renovations have occurred over the Dearborn hotel’s 82 year history, the exterior has remained the same as Ford’s original vision. Additional features include Edison's, a fine dining restaurant; the Ten Eyck Tavern, a home-style dining establishment; a seasonal outdoor pool; and of meeting space including the Alexandria Ballroom, which Ford commissioned to satisfy his love of dancing.
History.
In 1931, Henry Ford determined the need for lodging near his airport in Dearborn, Michigan, and he commissioned prominent architect Albert Kahn, who built many of Detroit’s magnificent landmarks to design The Dearborn Inn. Characteristically, Ford took a very active part in the development of the hotel.
The Dearborn Inn was situated on a site on Oakwood Boulevard across the street from Ford Airport. The Colonial Revival style of the Inn was in harmony with the nearby Edison Institute, and the Inn’s décor was early American colonial, a style favored by Henry Ford. With great fanfare, The Dearborn Inn opened for business in July 1931; Henry Ford was the first person to sign the guestbook.
Though the Ford Airport closed in 1933, replaced by the Ford vehicle test track, The Dearborn Inn continued to offer accommodations and dining, as the hotel already had a reputation as one of the nation’s premier inns.
In 1933, the Dormitory Building was added to house employees of The Dearborn Inn; however, in the 1960s, it was converted into changing rooms for The Dearborn Inn’s Swim Club.
Five replica homes were constructed in 1937, creating a small Colonial Village and adding 31 guestrooms to the Inn. Guests today can still enjoy a stay in the reproduction homes of famous Americans: Edgar Allan Poe, Walt Whitman, Barbara Fritchie, Oliver Wolcott, and Patrick Henry. While the original plan called for 18 historic homes in the Colonial Village, World War II halted further expansion. During the war, pilots from the Detroit airport, just a few miles away, had special accommodations on the Inn’s first floor, and today, one wing of the first floor is still known as “Pilot’s Row”.
The Dearborn Inn secured its place in hospitality history with many industry “firsts”. In 1937, it became the nation’s first hotel to have air conditioning, and in 1961, it was the first hotel in Michigan to install a direct-dial telephone system for guests. The Dearborn hotel is also said to have influenced the evolution of destination resorts and is considered to be one of the industry’s first such properties. The hotel offered families many popular activities of the era, such as horseback riding, tennis, badminton, ballroom dancing for adults, a playground for children, and even sightseeing trips over Detroit and Windsor, Ontario in a Ford Tri-Motor airplane.
In 1960, two motor lodges were completed, adding another 54 rooms to The Dearborn Inn complex. Named after two geniuses of American ingenuity admired by Henry Ford, the Burbank House (in honor of horticulturalist Luther Burbank) and the McGuffey House (in honor of Dr. William Holmes McGuffey, author of the "McGuffey Readers") were designed to offer larger rooms and suites for families and bridal couples.
Ballroom dancing was one of Henry Ford’s great passions, and, emulating a space he had admired in Virginia, Ford designed the Alexandria Ballroom to provide a place to dance with family and friends. When the Greenfield Room, now the hotel’s executive offices, was added in 1965, it was said to be the first of its kind with a ground floor, drive-in meeting and exhibit room. Today, the hotel’s meeting and event space includes 17,000 total square feet.
On December 10, 1982, the Federal Government placed The Dearborn Inn on the National Register of Historic Places. The Michigan State Historic Register listed The Dearborn Inn and Colonial Homes on February 10, 1983. The hotel underwent extensive renovation and expansion in 1987, which enlarged the banquet facilities, increased and completely refurbished the guestrooms, including the historical homes. Also, the grounds were extensively landscaped and three of the guest cottages were relocated to an expansive common area behind the Inn. Throughout the design and construction phases, great care was taken to maintain the historical integrity of the Inn. The Dearborn Inn was rededicated upon its opening in 1989 as a Marriott Hotel.
As part of its 75th anniversary, The Dearborn Inn underwent another renovation in 2008, including a complete renovation of guest rooms and corridors as well as the addition of modern technological amenities. In 2009, AAA recognized The Dearborn Inn as one of its top 10 U.S. historic hotels.
The Dearborn Inn is located two blocks from The Henry Ford, home of the Henry Ford Museum, Greenfield Village, Rouge Factory Tour, and IMAX Theatre, and near other area attractions, such as the Henry Ford Estate, Detroit Casinos, Detroit Institute of Arts, Museum of African American History, Automobile Hall of Fame, Arab American National Museum, and the Detroit Zoo.

</doc>
<doc id="19472497" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19472497" title="Do I Know You?">
Do I Know You?

"Do I Know You?" is the first episode in the fourth season of the television series "How I Met Your Mother" and sixty-fifth overall. It originally aired on September 22, 2008.
Plot.
Future Ted tells his children that the longest pause in anyone's life is right after they propose to someone; Present Ted, during this pause, imagined all of Stella's possible responses ("No", "Oh, God no", "I already agreed to marry the quarterback from your high school", etc.), after which Stella gave her actual answer of "Yes". Ted and Stella spend the summer happily engaged; Barney goes through physical therapy; and Marshall copes poorly with unemployment. At McLaren's, Robin expresses discontent with her newscasting job, describing herself as a bogeyman with a teleprompter. In response, Barney laughs too hard at this joke.
The next day, Barney gets Lily to come over to his apartment and confides that he is in love with Robin. She agrees to help him if he will stop having one-night stands with bimbos. He tries to call Robin but panics and leaves a high-pitched gibberish voice mail instead, followed by another awkward, unsuccessful phone call. Lily sets Barney up on a dinner date with Robin, where he behaves quite unlike himself: not taking advantage of opportunities to make sex jokes, ignoring their waitress's generous cleavage, and being interested in the goings-on of Robin's day. Afterward, Robin gets April (their waitress) to go home with Barney by telling her that he is the second baseman for the New York Yankees. Barney tells April that on any other night, he would try to convince her that he was a Yankee, but he can't because he is in love with the girl who just left. At Barney's apartment, he tells Lily about what happened. Lily is sympathetic until April comes out of Barney's bedroom. He admits that he lied about not hooking up with April but that all the other stuff he said is true. Lily leaves, disappointed. Barney turns on the TV to Metro News 1, affectionately watches a brief segment of Robin's newscast, and goes back into his bedroom with a smile on his face.
Marshall asks Ted for some wedding shower gift ideas for Stella. He asks if Stella likes to cook, what her favorite color is, or if she has any hobbies; Ted doesn't know the answer to any of these questions. It is determined that Ted doesn't know Stella's eye color, so he says they are the color of the ocean after a storm, though he doesn't actually know what color that is. Ted later makes dinner for Stella and uses peanuts as the "secret ingredient", which, unknown to him, Stella is deathly allergic to. After they go to the hospital, Ted and Stella ask each other their "firsts" (first kiss, etc.) and Ted finds out that Stella has never seen "", his favorite movie of all time. Marshall is shocked when he learns this, saying that "nobody" hasn't seen "Star Wars". They end up watching it and Ted concludes that if Stella dislikes it, he cannot marry her. The next night, Ted and Stella watch "Star Wars", but Ted is really watching Stella to gauge her reactions. She mistakes this for foreplay and tries to kiss him, but he rebuffs her with "great scene, great scene". Eventually Stella asks him to leave the room for the time being, so she can watch the movie alone. When it is over, she tells Ted and Marshall she loved it. After an ecstatic Ted leaves, Stella confides to Marshall that she hated it. Marshall is very concerned, but Stella is convinced that she can pretend to love "Star Wars" for the rest of her life with Ted, to which Marshall gives her his blessing to marry Ted.
Critical response.
Donna Bowman of The AV Club rated the episode B+.
Michelle Zoromski of IGN gave the episode 9 out of 10.
Episode review by Joel Keller at TV Squad.

</doc>
<doc id="19472506" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19472506" title="Jianguomen Station">
Jianguomen Station

Jianguomen Station () is an interchange station on Line 1 and Line 2 of the Beijing Subway at Jianguomen in Dongcheng District, Beijing. The station handles over 170,000 transfers between Lines 1 and 2 per day.

</doc>
<doc id="19472508" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19472508" title="Yong'anli Station">
Yong'anli Station

Yong'anli Station () is a station on Line 1 of the Beijing Subway.

</doc>
<doc id="19472511" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19472511" title="Shooting at the 1992 Summer Olympics – Women's 25 metre pistol">
Shooting at the 1992 Summer Olympics – Women's 25 metre pistol

Women's 25 metre pistol (then called "sport pistol") was one of the thirteen shooting events at the 1992 Summer Olympics. It was the first Olympic competition after the introduction of the new rapid fire target in 1989, and thus two Olympic records were set, both by Marina Logvinenko.
Qualification round.
OR Olympic record – Q Qualified for final
Final.
OR Olympic record

</doc>
<doc id="19472512" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19472512" title="Səfərli">
Səfərli

Səfərli or Safarly may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19472520" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19472520" title="Eva Rose York Bible Training and Technical School for Women">
Eva Rose York Bible Training and Technical School for Women

Eva Rose York Bible Training and Technical School for Women was founded in 1922 by the Canadian Baptist Mission (CBM). The school is located in Tuni in Andhra Pradesh, India.
Background.
Missionaries of the Canadian Baptist Mission were involved in spreading awareness about the Bible in northern circars of Andhra Pradesh. The missionaries began arriving in India as early as 1868.
Early missionaries also believed that women can be used as potential instruments for spreading awareness about the Bible.
Winfred Eaton, a missionary of the Canadian Baptist Mission began classes in Palakonda in 1922 with a few girls. Later in 1925, the school was relocated in Tuni.
It was Eva Rose York "(22.12.1858-1938)", an early Canadian composer and teacher who lent support for the buildings in the campus in Tuni. Eva Rose Fitch was born in Norwich, Ontario where she attended college and married Doctor Winford York in 1879. York studied music and after her husband died in 1880 she took up both the study of the organ and became a born-again Christian. She founded choirs in Belleville and Toronto before she decided in 1899 to devote her time to establishing a home, Redemption House, for unwed mothers in Toronto. York founded a home for the women which she ran until 1914 before she left to spend fifteen years as an itinerant preacher. Her efforts have caused her name to be immortalised here, but her talents as a poet have also kept her memory.
The school is still partly supported by funds raised in Canada by Bapist women.
Since 1987 technical courses were also begun when Jessie Rosser was Principal.
Administration.
Since the missionary days, the School was run independently. However, since 1989, the School fell under the purview of the Seminary Council of the Baptist Theological Seminary, Kakinada. Rev. G. J. Frederick heads the Seminary Council. Rev. Lalitha Krupa Rao is the present Principal of this School.
The Canadian Baptist Ministries overseers in India Rev. G. Babu Rao and Mr. M. David K. Sarma are also responsible for the functioning of the School.

</doc>
<doc id="19472526" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19472526" title="Colombia national cricket team">
Colombia national cricket team

The Colombian national cricket team represents Colombia in international cricket matches.
History.
Cricket has been played in Bogotá since the beginning of the 20th century. There are reports of cricket matches played at La Magdalena Jocking Club in 1905, 1907 and 1909.
Cricket in Colombia received a boost on 20 May 1955 with the creation of the Bogotá Cricket Club (BCC). The first chairman of the club was Englishman Reginald Brand. 
The club's first match was played in Cali in December 1957 against a rival team gathered by a former BCC member representing Cali Shell. These matches were the first of a series of tests played between Bogotá against Cali and/or the Rest of Colombia for the "H.E.'s Bat", a prize donated by British Ambassador and Honorary President of the Club Sir James Joint. 
The first international match was played against Maracaibo (Shell) in Bogotá in February 1958. The return game was played in June of the same year. These series continued successfully until 1961.
In 1961 the Bogota Cricket Club was merged into the Bogotá Sports Club.
In March 1970, the New Zealand Ambassador’s Cricket team visited the B.S.C. and was nearly beaten. That team included future internationals J.F.M. Morrison and A. Roberts.
Other matches were played against Cali, Medellín, Caracas (team included ex-West Indies Test cricketer Tony White), Curaçao, Lima, the Banks, BEA Silver Wing Club, the California Cricket Club (on their South American Tour), the Quidnuncs (including Dudley Owen Thomas, David Hays and Derek George), and finally in February 1979 Derrick Robins’ XI. 
The B.S.C. (with Tony White) was the only side to bowl them out (for 184) during their South American tour. Norman Bracht took 5-74 in 20 overs and White 3-70 in 22. Their side was managed by Peter Parfitt (with Henry Blofeld), captained by Chris Cowdrey and included Bill Athey, Graham Stevenson, Tim Lloyd and other good young county cricketers.
In the eighties there were limited cricket appearances in Colombia and internationally due to the decline in the number of cricketers in Colombia.

</doc>
<doc id="19472536" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19472536" title="Looking Back to Yesterday">
Looking Back to Yesterday

Looking Back to Yesterday is a 1986 compilation album featuring a collection of tracks from Michael Jackson and The Jackson 5. As part of Motown's "Never-Before-Released" series, all songs were previously unreleased except for "Love's Gone Bad" and "I Was Made to Love Her", alternate versions were released in 1979 on the Motown compilation "Boogie".
The album was re-released in August 1991 and re-titled "Looking Back to Yesterday: A Young Michael" and sold over half a million copies. It was re-released again as part of "" in 2009.
Track listing.
All songs by Michael Jackson except tracks 2, 3, 4, 7, 9 & 11 which are by The Jackson 5; all tracks produced by Hal Davis except track 6 (Merry Marcellino and Mel Larson) and 12 (Bob Crewe).
Singles.
"Love's Gone Bad" (b/w "I Hear a Symphony") (released as a promo single in Canada)

</doc>
<doc id="19472539" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19472539" title="Socialist Workers Party (Palestine)">
Socialist Workers Party (Palestine)

Socialist Workers Party (, Hebrew abbreviation מפ"ס, 'Mops', English abbreviation 'MPS') was a political party in the British Mandate of Palestine from 1919–1922. Its followers were known as Mopsim.
The party was a minor force in the political life of the Yishuv in Palestine, and was torn by internal divisions between the labour Zionism of Poalei Zion and the proletarian internationalism of the Communist International. The party was the precursor of the Palestine Communist Party, and of the current Communist Party of Israel.
Foundation.
On September 25, 1919, Poalei Zionists in Haifa, Jaffa and Jerusalem met and decided to relaunch a Poalei Zion party in Palestine (the rightist sections of the Palestine Poalei Zion had formed a separate party, Ahdut HaAvoda in March same year). The founding congress of the Socialist Workers Party was held on October 17–19, 1919 in Jaffa. In a few weeks, the new party had a membership of approximately 110–120 persons.
Mass work.
Trade union work played a central role in the MPS. At the 2nd conference of the zionist Railway workers union, held in Jaffa March 6–7, 1920, MPS was the largest bloc with seven delegates. In order to counter the MPS influence in the union, Ahdut HaAvoda and Hapoel Hatzair joined forces. Together the two parties had eight delegates.
The party ran a 'Borochov Club', a social meeting place in Jaffa. At the Club, named after Ber Borochov, left-wing Poalei Zion publications like "Avangard" of Vienna and "Jüdische-Sozialistische Monatschrift" from New York were available.
Shifts in the party.
In the latter half of 1920, the party took a rightward turn ideologically. The main theoretician of the party, Yaakov Meiersohn, had left Palestine for Vienna and Soviet Russia. The second party congress was held October 2–4, 1920, in Haifa. At the congress, there were 18 delegates with voting rights, 4 delegates without voting rights and 1 representative of the World Union of Poalei Zion. The delegates represented approximately 300 party members, from local branches in Haifa, Jaffa, Jerusalem, Petach Tikva and amongt road construction workers in Tiberias and Alexandria.
On November 2, 1920, the name of the party was changed to Jewish Socialist Workers Party — Poalei Zion (, Hebrew abbreviation מפס"ע, 'Mopsi', English abbreviation 'MPSI').
1920 Histadrut congress.
Ahead of the founding congress of Histadrut, held in December 1920, MPSI presented a list of 38 candidates. The list was led by Gershon Admoni, Avraham Revutkzy, Yaakov Sikador, Haim Katz, Mordechai Haldi, Y. Shapira and 'L. Elisha' (Moshe Levin). The election was marred by irregularities, and the MPSI protested the 'fradulent behaviour' of the dominant parties. Official records gave the MPSI candidate list 303 votes out of 4,433, i.e. 6.8% of the total vote and six delegates. In Jaffa and Tel Aviv, MPSI got 152 out of 782 (19.5%), in Haifa the party got 43 out of 272 votes (16%), in Jerusalem 24 out of 426 votes (5.4%) and in the Galilee 54 out of 1279 votes (4.2%). The remaining 30 votes came from colonies on the West Bank.
At the congress, the MPS delegates argued that membership should be open to Arab workers and that Jewish and Arab proletarians should fight unitedly.
Third party congress.
The third party congress was held April 22–25, 1921, in Jaffa. 26 delegates participated, representing local branches in Jaffa, Haifa, Jerusalem, Rehovot, Sichron Yaakov, Petach Tikva, Yavne, Sarafend, Tzemah and Kineret, the party branch at the Labour Battalion 'Migdal', the Central Committee and the youth and women's wings of the party. Present were both pro- and anti-Zionist tendencies amongst the delegates.
The third party congress decided to change to name of the party to Jewish Communist Party — Poalei Zion, section of the Palestine Communist Party (Yiddish abbreviation 'JKP-PKP'). In theory, this name denoted that the party was a Jewish national section in a bicommunal Palestinian party. In practice, there was no Arab national section and thus the name change was merely a symbolic gesture at this point.
1921 May Day riots.
During May Day 1921, the party organized a small, unauthorized rally between Jaffa and Tel Aviv. At the rally, party had a banner in Yiddish, calling for the creation of a 'Soviet Palestine'.
Fistfights erupted as the JKP-PKP rally and the larger, authorized Histadrut rally clashed with each other. Police forces drove the communist rallyists out into the sand dunes between Tel Aviv and Jaffa. Later during the day, violence between Arab and Jews erupted in the city, partly as a consequence of the earlier JKP-PKP/Histadrut clash. Two party members were killed whilst defending a Jewish neighbourhood.
After these events, the party was weakened. The British authorities blamed the party for the riots. Also, the intention of the party of forming Jewish-Arab class unity became more difficult as communal tension heightened. The party found itself politically isolated, as polarization between Zionist and Arabic national aspirations aggravated. The party received harsh criticism from Zionists for its role in the May Day clash. The right-wing Zionist leader Ze'ev Jabotinsky accused the party of 'unforgivable treachery' a few days after the riots.
Moreover, the British authorities began deporting party cadres. 15 party activists had to leave Palestine. The 4th congress of the Communist International, held in 1922, condemned the deportations and the cooperation of Histadrut in facilitating them.
Split.
In 1922, the party was divided into two: The pro-Zionist Palestinian Communist Party and the anti-Zionist Communist Party of Palestine.

</doc>
<doc id="19472543" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19472543" title="Guomao Station (Beijing)">
Guomao Station (Beijing)

Guomao Station () is an interchange station on Line 1 and Line 10 of the Beijing Subway at the China World Trade Center. "Guomao" is the Chinese abbreviation for "World Trade Center". It is located in Chaoyang District. The station handled a peak passenger traffic of 359,800 people on May 5, 2013. 

</doc>
<doc id="19472545" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19472545" title="Condensation point">
Condensation point

Definition.
In mathematics, a condensation point "p" of a subset "S" of a topological space, is any point "p", such that every open neighborhood of "p" contains uncountably many points
Thus, "condensation point" is synonymous with "formula_1-accumulation point".

</doc>
<doc id="19472555" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19472555" title="Dawanglu Station">
Dawanglu Station

Dawanglu Station () is a station on Line 1 of the Beijing Subway.

</doc>
<doc id="19472566" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19472566" title="Group affective tone">
Group affective tone

Group affective tone represents the consistent or homogeneous affective reactions within a group.
Group affective tone is an aggregate of the moods of the individual members of the group and refers to mood at the group level of analysis. If the moods of the individual group members are consistent, then group affective tone can be treated as a group property. If, for example, members of a group tend to be excited, energetic and enthusiastic, then the group itself can be described as being excited, energetic and enthusiastic. If the group members tend to be distressed, mistrustful and nervous, then the group can also be described in these terms. Not all groups possess an affective tone; members of some groups do not experience similar moods. Even so, past research indicates that a majority of groups possess an affective tone.
Two dimensions of group affective tone have been identified: positive affective tone and negative affective tone. Research shows that the two dimensions of affect emerge as independent factors and display independent patterns of relationships with other variables.
Group members tend to experience similar moods based on several theoretical mechanisms, including the selection and composition of group members, the socialization of group members, and exposure of group members to the same affective events, such as task demands and outcomes.
Moods tend to be shared among group members through processes such as mood contagion and impression management. Group affective tone is associated with various organizational outcomes such as group prosocial behavior.
George's (1990) demonstration that characteristic levels of the personality traits of PA and NA, within work groups, are positively associated with their corresponding (positive and negative) affective tones. Group affective tone is influenced by characteristic levels of personality traits within groups. These characteristic levels of personality have been theorized to be brought about by member similarity resulting from attraction-selection-attrition processes described by Schneider (1987). Beyond personality, a number of other factors have been posited to explain why work group members tend to share moods and emotions, for example: (a) common socialization experiences and common social influences; (b) similarity of tasks and high task interdependence; (c) membership stability; (d) mood regulation norms and rules; and (e) emotional contagion.
George believes that a group's affective tone will determine how innovative (and effective) the group will be. An evidence to this belief is that when individuals feel positive they tend to connect and integrate divergent stimulus materials—they are more creative.
George suggests that if all or most individuals in a work group tend to feel positive at work (the group has a "high positive affective tone"), then their cognitive flexibility will be amplified as a result of social influence and other group processes. As a result of these individual and group level processes, the group will develop shared (and flexible) mental models. In effect, groups with a high positive affective tone will be creative.
Analyses suggested that positive group affective tone fully mediated, and negative group affective tone partially mediated, the association between leader mood and group coordination. Successful leaders must efficiently regulate the affective tones of their groups. Leaders who are effective at managing the group's affective tone should have more impact on group processes than will their counterparts.

</doc>
<doc id="19472582" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19472582" title="Sihui Station">
Sihui Station

Sihui Station (), located in Sihui, Beijing, is an interchange station on Line 1 and the Batong Line of the Beijing Subway. It is the western terminus of the Batong Line. This station was once called Bawangfen.

</doc>
<doc id="19472598" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19472598" title="1969 British Speedway League Division Two">
1969 British Speedway League Division Two

The 1969 British Speedway League Division Two was the second season of second tier motorcycle speedway in Great Britain. The league expanded from 10 to 16 teams in its second season. Weymouth Eagles dropped out after just one season. The new entrants were Crewe Kings, Ipswich Witches, Long Eaton Rangers, Eastbourne Eagles, Doncaster Stallions, Rochester Bombers and King's Lynn Starlets. Rochester moved to Romford after the local council refused to give permission for racing. 
Belle Vue Colts retained their title.

</doc>
<doc id="19472602" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19472602" title="Sihui East Station">
Sihui East Station

Sihui East Station () is an interchange station on Line 1 and the Batong Line of the Beijing Subway. It is the eastern terminus of Line 1.

</doc>
<doc id="19472613" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19472613" title="Armstrong Siddeley Hyena">
Armstrong Siddeley Hyena

The Armstrong Siddeley Hyena was a British aero engine developed by Armstrong Siddeley. Designed in the 1930s, it was an unusual experimental radial engine with inline cylinder banks. It was flown using an Armstrong Whitworth A.W.16 fighter aircraft as a test bed. Unresolved problems with cooling of the rear cylinders prevented the engine from going into production. Few details of this engine survive as company records were lost.

</doc>
<doc id="19472631" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19472631" title="Kiryas Square">
Kiryas Square

Kiryas Square is a planned Skver hasidic "shtetl" in the hamlet of Spring Glen, New York, prompted by a housing shortage in the village of New Square. The property, former Homowack Resort, was purchased by the Skver community in 2006. Dedication of the site was in August 2007. The New York State Department of Health cited the property which was used as a summer camp for girls for “numerous, persistent and serious violations,” including inoperable fire alarms, pervasive mold and water running over electrical boxes. The health department issued a mandatory order of evacuation. In addition to problems with the health department, some local residents have also voiced opposition to the building of a hasidic village. The site was evacuated in August 2009 as a result of a judge’s deadline.

</doc>
<doc id="19472670" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19472670" title="Dombrowski v. Pfister">
Dombrowski v. Pfister

Dombrowski v. Pfister, , was a landmark United States Supreme Court case brought forth by Dr. James Dombrowski along with William Kunstler, founder of the Center for Constitutional Rights, against the governor of Louisiana, law enforcement officers, and the chairperson of the state's Legislative Joint Committee on Un-American Activities for prosecuting or threatening to prosecute his organization under several state subversion statutes.
Background.
Dombrowski alleged that members of his organization, the Southern Conference Educational Fund, were subjected to continuous harassment, including arrests without intent to prosecute, and seizures of necessary internal documents. Furthermore, the State was threatening to use anti-subversion statutes to prosecute the organization, which was a group of Southern liberals dedicated to fighting for civil rights for Blacks in the South.
Decision.
The case was brought forth by Dombrowski after he was arrested and his offices were raided by authorities in October 1963. Dombrowski demanded all seized materials to be returned to him and $500,000 be paid in damages resulting from the arrest and search-and-seizure.
However, a three-judge Federal district court dismissed the claim, stating that Dombrowski had failed to show evidence of irreparable damage and asserted the abstention doctrine, stating that State Courts had the right to refrain from ruling in Constitutional questions.
Represented by attorney and civil rights leader Arthur Kinoy, Dombrowski appealed the case directly to the Supreme Court under then-operational procedures. The Court overturned the earlier dismissal, making note of the "chilling effect" the ruling below would have had on First amendment rights.
Status as precedent.
Several years after the "Dombrowski", the Supreme Court decided in "Younger v. Harris" (1971) that there existed a "national policy forbidding federal courts to stay or enjoin pending state court proceedings except under special circumstances." The Court specifically distinguished "Dombrowski", stating that the holding of that case was merely a limited exception to the general rule forbidding the enjoining of state court proceedings. The Court stated that it was appropriate for a federal claim to go forward in "Dombrowski" because the consistent pattern of bad faith prosecutions denied the claimant the opportunity to pursue his constitutional challenge to anti-subversion statutes in state court. Moreover, the "Younger" Court asserted that the bare existence of a chilling effect as in "Dombrowski" was insufficient to justify enjoining state proceedings, without more.
The Supreme Court in "Younger" conceded that bad faith prosecution like the pattern in "Dombrowski" would justify a federal court in issuing an injunction against state proceedings. However, since the announcement of "Younger" in 1971, the Supreme Court has never found an instance of alleged bad faith prosecution to, in fact, meet the requirements of this exception to the no-injunction rule. As commentator Erwin Chemerinsky states, the bad-faith prosecution exception seems narrowly limited to facts like those in "Dombrowski". Other scholars have even asserted that the possible range of cases which would fit the "Dombrowski" model and allow an exception to the no-injunction rule is so limited as to be an "empty universe."

</doc>
<doc id="19472682" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19472682" title="The Peacekeeper">
The Peacekeeper

The Peacekeeper also known as Hellbent is a 1997 Canadian and American action film directed by Frédéric Forestier. It stars Dolph Lundgren as a Major in the US Air Force and the only man who can prevent the president being assassinated and with the ability to thwart an imposing nuclear holocaust. The threat is from a terrorist group, which has stolen the President's personal communications computer with the capability of launching the US arsenal to threaten global security. The film was shot on location in the city of Montreal, Quebec.

</doc>
<doc id="19472689" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19472689" title="1970 British Speedway League Division Two">
1970 British Speedway League Division Two

The 1970 British Speedway League Division Two was the third season of second tier motorcycle speedway in Great Britain. The league expanded from 16 to 17 teams in its third season. Plymouth Devils dropped out but Workington Comets and Peterborough Panthers were new entrants. 
Various sides relocated before and during the season. Before the season, 1969 champions Belle Vue Colts became Rochdale Hornets. In July Middlesbrough Teessiders became Teesside Tigers and Nelson Admirals moved to Bradford Northern. In August King's Lynn Starlets became Boston Barracudas. Doncaster changed their nickname from Stallions to Dragons.
Canterbury Crusaders won their first title.

</doc>
<doc id="19472704" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19472704" title="Signal 21 Records">
Signal 21 Records

Signal 21 Records is a defunct independent record label created by singer-songwriter Richard Marx and Blood, Sweat, and Tears drummer Bobby Colomby in 2000. This label ended up being the primary vehicle for the quiet release of Marx's October 24, 2000 album "Days In Avalon" and later the release of Timeline, a compilation album that was released to radio stations to help promote Days In Avalon. The label folded shortly thereafter. The discs were distributed by the Navarre label, an offshoot company of the Universal Music Group.

</doc>
<doc id="19472716" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19472716" title="Power Yahtzee">
Power Yahtzee

Power Yahtzee is a variation on the classic dice game Yahtzee first published by Winning Moves Games USA in 2007. It includes a sixth multiplier die called a "Power die" and an expanded scoresheet.
Gameplay.
The Power die is rolled with the five standard dice and shows how the point value of scoring category of the faces on the standard dice should be multiplied. Three faces of the Power die are marked "1," "2," and "3," which simply indicate that the score should be multiplied by the shown number. The three other faces denote special actions for the player:
The scoresheet's Upper Section includes a Choice category, which the player would choose a specific number in a die, especially one that has its corresponding category already been scored. Because of the Power die, the Bonus score has also been increased. A score of fifty points is added if the score obtained in the Upper Section is at least 150 points, 100 if the score is at least 200 points, and 200 if it is at least 300 points.
The Lower Section adds a Two-Pair category which scores the total of all dice. It also doubles the Three-of-a-Kind, Four-of-a-Kind, Small-Straight, and Large-Straight categories. Additionally, the Yahtzee has three slots. The first Yahtzee is given a base score of 50 points, a second Yahtzee has a base value of 100 points, and a third would be worth 200 points.
Other variants.
Since Power Yahtzee was developed with the addition of a sixth die, it is also possible to play standard Yahtzee with a Power Yahtzee set by setting the Power die aside. Bonus chips and standard Yahtzee scoresheets are not included in a Power Yahtzee set, however; so, as a suggestion, one has to buy (or print) standard Yahtzee scoresheets and use poker chips or coins as improvised bonus chips.
GameHouse's Yahtzee game for Windows includes a "Power Yahtzee" game, but this one is different from the Winning Games set as this game is actually a multi-level version of standard Yahtzee with the use of special power-ups to help a player get ahead in a game and hinder an opponent from doing the same.
Inspiration.
Power Yahtzee may have been inspired by the Powerball lottery game and its "PowerPlay" multiplier, since the color of the "power" die is red, and that die is used as a multiplier.

</doc>
<doc id="19472717" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19472717" title="Cleckheaton Central railway station">
Cleckheaton Central railway station

Cleckheaton Central railway station was a railway station serving the West Yorkshire town of Cleckheaton, England, until it was closed in the Beeching era, which saw the closure of many minor lines and stations around the United Kingdom through the 1960s. It has the distinction of being the only British railway station to have been stolen. 
History.
The station was originally constructed by the Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway, which was absorbed by the LNWR in 1922 and subsequently the LMS in 1923 at grouping and finally to British Rail on nationalisation. It served traffic from Heckmondwike, Low Moor (near Bradford) and Mirfield. The Mirfield line opened in 1848 and through to Low Moor in 1849. The last passenger train working was the service from Bradford on 12 June 1965 arriving at Cleckheaton at 11:21 p.m.; the station closed to freight traffic some four years later. 
In 1972 a Dewsbury man appeared at Wakefield Crown Court; in the words of the prosecution counsel "what the case really comes to is that this man last August in effect stole Cleckheaton station".
British Rail had contracted for the clearing of the site in August 1971, part of the deal being that the contractors would sell and retain the proceeds from disposal of the materials and scrap. On arrival, they discovered that the station and most of the material were already gone. It transpired that the man had been contracted by another firm to clear the site, had been advanced a sum for hire of plant, and had spent three weeks clearing the site. Subsequent efforts to trace the second firm failed, and the court found the man not guilty, deciding that he had been duped and left significantly out of pocket. The case is given as an example of the extension of the Theft Act 1968 to cover goods forming part of a property.

</doc>
<doc id="19472721" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19472721" title="Derfner Judaica Museum">
Derfner Judaica Museum

The Derfner Judaica Museum is a cultural and educational center that provides exhibitions relating to Jewish history and contemporary Jewish culture. The museum is located in the Jacob Reingold Pavilion on the grounds of The Hebrew Home at Riverdale in the Riverdale neighborhood of the Bronx, New York.
Opening to the public on June 11, 2009, the Derfner Judaica Museum, designed by architect Louise Braverman, occupies a newly expanded exhibition space in the Jacob Reingold Pavilion at The Hebrew Home at Riverdale. It is the focal point for a wide range of educational and exhibition programming for Hebrew Home residents and the public. Completion of the museum was funded in part by a furnishings grant received from the New York City Department of Cultural Affairs. The inaugural exhibition, "Tradition and Remembrance: Treasures of the Derfner Judaica Museum", explores the intersections of Jewish history and memory. The stories of objects used in traditional Jewish practice are interpreted in light of the role of memory in shaping both individual and communal identities. Among the featured objects in the exhibition are a silver filigree vase, ca. 1911, and an early copper alloy Hanukkah lamp, from the famed Bezalel Academy of Art and Design founded in Jerusalem in 1906. The Bezalel school artists blended ""varied strands of surroundings, tradition and innovation,"" in paintings and craft objects that invokes ""biblical themes, Islamic design and European traditions,"" in their effort to ""carve out a distinctive style of Jewish"" art for the new nation they intended to build in the ancient Jewish homeland.
Other objects relating to Jewish practice come from near and far, including a set of 18th-century German Torah implements from Meerholz Germany and a velvet fish-scale embroidered matzah cover from turn-of-the-century Jerusalem.
The Judaica Museum was founded in 1982 when Riverdale residents Ralph and Leuba Baum donated their collection of Jewish ceremonial art to the Home. A refugee from Nazi persecution, Ralph Baum (1907–1984) and his wife, Leuba (d. 1997), had an intense desire to preserve and pass on to future generations the memory embodied in the objects they collected, the majority of which were used primarily by European Jews before the Holocaust. In 2008 the Judaica Museum was named in honor of benefactors Helen and Harold Derfner. 
Rotating exhibits are based on its 1,000 object collection; it has also presented exhibits of Jewish art and artifacts from other private collections, museums and art schools. One of the more unusual exhibitions at the museum was a show entitled "Culture as Commodity" that offered a variety of Judaica-related items, including Israeli Coca-Cola t-shirts, that were purchased from eBay and other Internet auction sites.
The Derfner Judaica Museum officially opened on June 11, 2009 to favorable reviews.
The Art Collection at The Hebrew Home at Riverdale.
Also included under the umbrella of the Home is The Art Collection at The Hebrew Home at Riverdale which comprises over 4,500 paintings, prints, photographs, and sculpture ranging from contemporary works by such artists as Alex Katz, Ben Shahn, and Andy Warhol to Native American ceremonial art and African sculpture. Rotating exhibitions feature the work of both established and emerging artists. The grounds are home to one of New York City’s few outdoor sculpture gardens replete with breathtaking views of the Hudson River and Palisades. Rotating exhibitions featuring contemporary art are changed every 6–8 weeks.

</doc>
<doc id="19472742" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19472742" title="Marisol (telenovela)">
Marisol (telenovela)

Marisol () is a 1996 Mexican telenovela, starring Erika Buenfil and Eduardo Santamarina with the antagonic role of the star actress Claudia Islas. It was produced by Televisa. This telenovela contained 145 episodes and is a remake of "Marcha nupcial".
Famous and beloved Enrique Álvarez Félix died after he finished his work in "Marisol".
Synopsis.
Marisol has a pain-ridden life. She has a disfiguring scar on her face from a piece of a broken mirror she had fallen on when she was a little girl. Her mother is dying and Marisol must sell paper flowers to make money in order to support herself and her mother.
Sofia, Marisol’s mother, is carrying a heavy secret and she realizes she must tell Marisol the truth before she dies and leaves her alone (especially with Marisol’s sleazy boyfriend Mario). Unfortunately, Sofia dies without revealing that Marisol is really the granddaughter of "Don" Alonso Garcés del Valle, the patriarch of a very rich family, which includes the handsome and amiable painter, José Andrés, also one of Alonso’s grandchildren – or is he?
To complicate matters, José Andrés and Marisol fall in love with each other (even though they are engaged to other people) – both completely in the dark about their true identities.

</doc>
<doc id="19472759" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19472759" title="Isaac Hoyle">
Isaac Hoyle

Isaac Hoyle (1828 - 2 September 1911) was a British mill-owner and Liberal politician.
Born in Bacup, Lancashire, he was the fourth son of Joshua Hoyle. His father was the founder of Joshua Hoyle and Sons Ltd, cotton manufacturers of Summerseat near Bury. He was educated at Crosby Hall, Frodsham, before entering the textile business. He eventually became a director of the family company, and was credited with making the firm a model of good industrial relations.
Politically, Hoyle was a pro-Home Rule Liberal. In 1885 he was elected as member of parliament for Heywood, retiring at 1892 general election. He was a magistrate for the City of Manchester and a director of the Manchester Chamber of Commerce.
Hoyle was married twice: to Elizabeth Smallpage, who died in 1870 and to Mary Hamer Kay in 1872.
Isaac Hoyle died in 1911 and was buried in Wimbledon, Surrey.

</doc>
<doc id="19472764" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19472764" title="Taska Film">
Taska Film

Taska Film sometimes credited as Taska Productions (owned by Kristian Taska) is an Estonian film production company responsible for producing the number 1 Estonian box office hit during the last decade: Names in Marble.
Candles in the Dark directed by Maximilian Schell was filmed in Estonia (produced by Ilmar Taska) in association with The Kushner-Locke Company. The movie was possibly the first movie ever screened in the US that was shot in Estonia.
Ilmar Taska an Estonian filmmaker has been the writer and producer for 20th Century Fox movie "Back in the USSR" (1992).
Ilmar's son Kristian Taska born on 23 November 1973 has been the producer of Estonian feature films like "Names in Marble" (2002), "Set Point" (2004 () directed by Ilmar Taska, "Röövlirahnu Martin" (2005) directed by René Vilbre.

</doc>
<doc id="19472779" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19472779" title="Hurricane Kyle (2008)">
Hurricane Kyle (2008)

Hurricane Kyle was the eleventh tropical storm and sixth hurricane of the 2008 Atlantic hurricane season. It formed from a strong tropical disturbance that tracked across the northeastern Caribbean Sea in the third week of September. As a low pressure area, it moved slowly across Puerto Rico and Hispaniola, dumping torrential rains across those islands.
By September 24, it began to track northward away from the islands, and developed enough strong thunderstorm activity near its center and a well-defined enough circulation to be deemed a tropical storm on September 25. It strengthened to a hurricane on September 27 west of Bermuda. It made landfall in Nova Scotia as a Category 1 hurricane late on September 28, then became extratropical shortly afterward.
The precursor to Kyle produced torrential rainfall over Puerto Rico, resulting in six fatalities and $48 million in damages. Little impact was recorded in Hispanola and Bermuda as the system tracked northward. Along the eastern United States, rough seas resulted in two fatalities and as the storm made landfall in Canada, heavy rains fell in eastern Maine. In Canada, Kyle had relatively little impact, leaving $9 million in damages and no fatalities.
Meteorological history.
Hurricane Kyle began as a weak area of low pressure associated with a tropical wave that moved off the west coast of Africa on September 12. The system tracked in a general westward direction with little convective development and tracked over the Leeward Islands on September 18. An upper-level trough situated over the eastern Caribbean Sea interacted with the wave, resulting in an increase in shower and thunderstorm activity. The following day, a larger surface circulation developed as the low moved towards the northwest. The wave later became separated from the low, with the wave continuing towards the west and the low tracking to the northwest. The National Hurricane Center (NHC), at this time, were not anticipating significant development of the low as strong wind shear inhibited deep convection from forming. Around 1400 UTC on September 21, a Tropical Cyclone Formation Alert (TCFA) was issued for the system as convection developed around the center of circulation.
Around 0000 UTC on September 25, the disturbance was sufficiently organized to be declared a tropical depression. Shortly after, the NHC issued their first advisory on the system as it intensified into a tropical storm, assigning it the name "Kyle". The center of the storm was slightly elongated but moderate wind shear continued to impact the circulation. Kyle track northward in response to an area of high pressure east of Bermuda and an area of low pressure along the eastern United States. The sheared structure of the storm led to problems with recording the intensity of the storm throughout the day. Hurricane Hunters continuously flew into the storm to record information; however, their estimates were considered too high as the storm was disorganized.
Late on September 26, shear began to relax and deep convection redeveloped around the center of circulation and the forward motion of the storm began to increase. Several hours later, the storm made a sudden northwest jump due to a passing shortwave trough. By this time, Kyle was just below hurricane-status, with sustained winds up to 70 mph (110 km/h). Continued organization led to the storm attaining hurricane intensity at 1200 UTC on September 27 while located about 345 mi (555 km) west of Bermuda. Upon attaining this intensity, the storm became embedded within an area strong, divergent, upper-level winds. Increasing in forward motion, the center of Kyle was located along the southwestern edge of the deep convection.
By September 28, the storm began to struggle maintaining its intensity due to increasing shear and cooling sea surface temperatures; around 1200 UTC that day, the NHC assessed Kyle to have reached its peak intensity with winds of 85 mph (140 mph). Several hours later, the barometric pressure of the storm decreased to 984 mbar (hPa; 29.06 inHg), the lowest during its existence. Around this time, the hurricane began to undergo an extratropical transition as it approached Nova Scotia. By the end of September 28, little deep convection remained around the center of Kyle. Buoys nearby the storm recorded seas in excess of and hurricane-force winds as it neared landfall. It was estimated that Kyle made landfall near Yarmouth, Nova Scotia around 0000 UTC on September 29 with winds of 75 mph (120 km/h). This marked the first time since Hurricane Juan in 2003 that a hurricane made landfall in Canada, exactly five years, to the day, prior. Shortly after landfall, the storm weakened below hurricane-status and completed its transition into an extratropical cyclone. Throughout September 29, the remnants slowed and the system attained frontal features. The following day the system moved over the Gulf of Saint Lawrence before being absorbed by another large extratropical cyclone.
Preparations.
Puerto Rico and Haiti.
On September 22, about 3 days before the system had formed into a tropical storm, its significant rainfall in the eastern Caribbean prompted flash flood warnings in Puerto Rico and the British Virgin Islands. In the Dominican Republic a green alert was issued for provinces in the eastern part of the nation. The next day yellow alerts were issued for eight provinces and red alerts in eight more. Evacuations began in vulnerable San Pedro de Macoris, La Romana, and Barahona and San Jose de Ocoa. The system moved westward on September 23, threatening Haiti with its rains which prompted the issuance of heavy rain warnings and a red alert warning by the nation's government.
Bermuda.
Early on September 26, Tropical Storm Kyle was deemed to be a threat to Bermuda and a tropical storm watch was issued for the islands. Later that day the watch was upgraded to a tropical storm warning as the storm neared the island. The following day, the warning was discontinued as Hurricane Kyle bypassed the island.
New England and Atlantic Canada.
On September 27, the state of Maine issued its first hurricane watch in seventeen years with the predicted path to approach the eastern part of the state. The last hurricane watch issued for Maine was associated with Hurricane Bob in 1991. Eastern Maine's power company, Bangor Hydro-Electric, prepared for potential outages and planned to have additional crews on duty. The system turned and missed the state, though.
The Canadian Hurricane Centre issued watches and warnings for parts of Nova Scotia and New Brunswick on September 27, concurrent with the Maine warnings. "New Brunswick Power" indicated that repair crews were on standby and neighbouring utilities have been called to assist if needed. The Red Cross in New Brunswick also were checking equipment and supplies to meet any need that might arise. Hours before landfall, a hurricane warning was issued for portions of Nova Scotia. This was the first hurricane warning ever in Canada (tropical storm and hurricane advisories were not issued in Canada prior to 2004, a policy changed due to Hurricane Juan in 2003).
Impact.
Puerto Rico.
The precursor to Kyle produced record breaking rains over Puerto Rico from September 21 to 23. With isolated maxima in excess of 30 inches (760 mm), rivers breached their flood walls and flooded low-lying areas. In Patillas, a 500-year 24 hour rainfall event took place, with 22.03 in (559.5 mm) falling from 8 a.m. on September 21 to 8 a.m. on September 22. Some rivers rose more than 25 ft (7.6 m) in 12 hours, leading to severe flooding. Three deaths were directly blamed on the system as a result of the floods and mudslides. Another three deaths were indirectly related due to stress induced heart attacks. Mudslides, triggered by the torrential rain, closed highways and schools. Damage to agriculture on the island was estimated to be $23 million and structural damage was estimated at $25 million, for a total of $48 million. In addition to the system's rainfall, its winds whipped up 10 ft (3 m) waves along the island's southern coast.
Hispanola.
Heavy rains on September 23, produced by the tropical wave which would eventually become Kyle, caused renewed flooding in the already flood stricken areas of the Dominican Republic and Haiti. The Orangers River overflowed its banks, flooding parts of Jacmel, severely damaging homes. By September 26, flash flooding impacted areas recovering from previous floods in the Dominican Republic. Rainfall totals in eastern parts of the Dominican Republic exceeded .
Bermuda.
Between September 25 and 26, the outer bands of Kyle brought sustained winds up to 45 mph (75 km/h) and heavy rains that amounted to during the two-day span in Bermuda. The heaviest rainfall fell mostly on the western coast of the island as a narrow band of moderate rainfall tracked through. No structural damage or injuries resulted from the passage of Kyle in Bermuda.
Northeast United States.
Kyle produced high waves along the coast of Rhode Island as it moved northward. A newly married couple were killed when high waves knocked the wife into the rocky shores. Her husband jumped in to save her but was overcome by the waves himself. The bodies of the couple were found days later. Large swells produced by Kyle, enhanced by a strong onshore flow, caused significant beach erosion along the New Jersey coastline. Cuts up to 6 ft (1.8 m) in beach dunes were recorded. Heavy rains from Kyle caused flash flooding in Hartford County, Connecticut, flooding six cars and numerous basements. Total damages in Hartford were estimated at $40,000.
Rainfall up to 5 in (127 mm) in Massachusetts caused a river in Somerset to overflow its banks, flooding nearby areas with 2 feet (0.6 m) of water. A large sinkhole formed on County Street and several cars were stranded in the floodwaters. Two people had to be rescued by boat when their car was overcome by the floodwaters. In addition, numerous basements were flooded. Damages in Bristol County were estimated at $25,000. A mobile home park in Plymouth County was inundated with 2.5 ft (0.7 m) of water, causing one home to shift off its foundation. Damages to the homes were estimated at $50,000.
As the storm made landfall in Nova Scotia, the outer bands produced heavy rains and strong winds over eastern Maine. Wind gusts were recorded up to 45 mph (75 km/h) in coastal Hancock County. The strong winds toppled trees, leaving 500 customers without power. Rainfall generally amounted from 3 to 4.5 in (76.2 to 114.3 mm), with a maximum of 7.15 in (181.61 mm) in Sedgwick Ridge. The heavy rains flooded several roads, causing traffic delays and road closures throughout southeastern Maine. Throughout the Northeast United States, two people were killed and damages were estimated at $115,000.
Canada.
Upon making landfall, Kyle produced a storm surge in combination with high tide and a new moon. In southwestern Nova Scotia, high winds downed numerous trees and power lines. A ship reported a wind gust of 96 mph (154 km/h) near Shelburne and a boat was reported to have been swamped nearby. The highest rainfall was recorded in Bon Accord, New Brunswick at 2.8 in (72 mm). Light rainfall, up to fell over Prince Edward Island and Nova Scotia. A buoy in Georges Bank recorded a wind gust of 79 mph (128 km/h). According to Nova Scotia Power Corporation at the height of the storm, winds knocked out power to more than 40,000 customers. While in New Brunswick, strong winds and heavy rainfall were strong enough to knock power out for approximately 2,300 customers across the province. Gusting winds resulted in the Confederation Bridge, linking New Brunswick and Prince Edward Island, being closed to high-sided vehicles for 7½ hours. No fatalities were reported in Canada, and damages were minor, totaling to $9 million.
Aftermath.
On October 1, President George W. Bush declared Puerto Rico major disaster area. The declaration allowed federal assistance to reach affected communities in the United States Commonwealth. Residents who met the requirements to receive federal aid were eligible for funding for temporary housing. People who lost their jobs due to the flooding were eligible for unemployment grants for 26 weeks starting the day of the disaster declaration. Residents were able to receive up to $200,000 for home damages; up to $40,000 in personal possession losses; and up to $2 million for business losses. By October 17, more than $5.6 million in disaster aid was approved for 20,284 residences. Community Relations teams visited about 7,000 people. Out of the 4,140 small-business loans applications, only 288 were submitted by this time. By October 25, the amount of funds nearly doubled, reaching $11 million. At this time, more than, 24,500 residents applied for disaster loans. Survey teams checked over 18,000 homes for flood-related damages at this time also. Funding reached $16.5 million by November 7, with 29,000 people requesting federal assistance. By December 5, funding for 37,000 residents reached $23.1 million. At this time, the deadline for federal assistance requests was set for January 15, 2009. On January 2, 2009, funding for small businesses was being provided, with $6 million being contributed. Grants for residents also reached $25 million. After the flooded rivers crested and receded, bulldozers began clearing mud covered streets.

</doc>
<doc id="19472818" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19472818" title="CE Camelopardalis">
CE Camelopardalis

CE Camelopardalis is a variable star in reflection nebula VDB 15, in the constellation Camelopardalis. Since 1943, the spectrum of this star has served as one of the stable anchor points by which other stars are classified.

</doc>
<doc id="19472832" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19472832" title="Avatar (horse)">
Avatar (horse)

Avatar (1972–1992) was an American Thoroughbred racehorse best known for winning the 1975 Belmont Stakes. He was bred and raced by San Antonio, Texas businessman Arthur A. Seeligson, Jr. and trained by Tommy Doyle.
Pedigree.
Avatar's sire was the highly regarded Graustark. His grandsire Ribot was an undefeated European Champion who won back-to-back editions of the Prix de l'Arc de Triomphe. Avatar's damsire, Mount Marcy, was a son of Epsom Derby winner, Mahmoud.
1975 U.S. Triple Crown.
Although he won the Grade I Santa Anita Derby under jockey Jorge Tejeira, a strong field in the 1975 Kentucky Derby saw bettors make Avatar only their fifth choice at odds of more than 11 to 1. However, under new jockey Bill Shoemaker, Avatar finished second to the heavy favorite, Foolish Pleasure while beating, Frank McMahon's highly regarded colt, Diabolo (3rd), Golden Chance Farm's Master Derby (4th), as well as the second choice among bettors, Darby Dan Farm's Florida Derby winner, Prince Thou Art (6th).
In the ensuing Preakness Stakes, Avatar moved with the leaders as the turned for home but faded to finish fifth behind upset winner, Master Derby.
The Belmont Stakes.
After his performance in the 1³/16 mile Preakness, Avatar was sent off at 13 to 1 odds in the much longer 1½ mile Belmont Stakes. In what "Sports Illustrated" magazine described as "a pure and exquisite exhibition of the professional jockey at his very best," Bill Shoemaker rode Avatar to victory over runner-up Foolish Pleasure and third-place finisher, Master Derby.
Racing at age 4.
Avatar returned to racing in 1976 at age four. His best results in important stakes races was a win in the 12 furlong San Luis Rey Handicap on turf, and three second-place finishes in the Hollywood Gold Cup, the Del Mar Invitational Handicap and the San Fernando Stakes.
At Stud.
Retired to stud for the 1977 season, Avatar was the sire of 19 stakes winners including the 1983 Canadian Champion Two-Year-Old Colt, Prince Avatar. Avatar died in 1992 due to a broken neck.
From his daughter Avasand's mating to English Group One winner, Northern Baby, came Possibly Perfect, a multiple Grade I winner and 1995 American Champion Female Turf Horse

</doc>
<doc id="19472841" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19472841" title="Sandhoe Hall">
Sandhoe Hall

Sandhoe Hall, also once known as Sandhoe House, is a 19th-century country house, now converted into residential apartments, situated at Sandhoe, Northumberland. It is a Grade II listed building.
The Sandhoe estate was owned by the Errington family of nearby Beaufront, but when Henry Errington died childless in 1819, it passed to his great-grandnephew Rowland Stanley of Puddington Hall, Cheshire, son of Sir Thomas Stanley Bt (see Errington baronets). Stanley changed his name to Errington. He was High Sheriff of Northumberland in 1855 and became the 11th Errington Baronet in 1863.
In 1850 he commissioned architect John Dobson to rebuild the old house. The south and east fronts are four-bayed with two storeys and alternately gabled attics. The northwest service wing incorporates some of the fabric of the original house.

</doc>
<doc id="19472854" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19472854" title="Syrian Super Cup">
Syrian Super Cup

The Syrian Super Cup is the curtain raiser to the Syrian football season. It was first played in 1985, afterwards the competition stopped until the 2008/09 season.

</doc>
<doc id="19472880" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19472880" title="Andrew Feinstein">
Andrew Feinstein

Andrew Josef Feinstein (born 16 March 1964) is a former South African politician who currently resides in the United Kingdom, but remains a South African citizen.
Personal life.
He was born in Cape Town to Ralph Josef Feinstein and Erika Hemmer. He graduated from Wynberg Boys' High School in 1981, and received further education at King's College, Cambridge, the University of California at Berkeley and the University of Cape Town. He married Simone Sultana on 18 December 1993, and has a son and a daughter. His interests include reading, classical & jazz music, cinema, theatre, watching rugby, cricket & soccer.
Political life.
A member of the African National Congress, his political life began when he served as an advisor to Gauteng's then-MEC of Finance, Jabu Moleketi, from 1994 to 1996. He also worked as an economic advisor to then-premier Tokyo Sexwale. He was elected as a member of the South African Parliament's lower house in 1997. 
During his time in office, he served as chair of its study group on public accounts and ANC's official spokesman on the National Assembly's public accounts committee. Feinstein was at the time referred to as "one of its most vocal and talented MPs", who argued that a thorough investigation into the South African Arms Deal had to be done. However, he resigned in 2001 when the ANC refused to launch an investigation into the matter. He was succeeded by Geoff Doidge in both positions.
Immigration to the UK.
He now resides in London, where he chairs the Aids charity Friends of the Treatment Action Campaign, and lectures and writes on South Africa. He also works as a Securities Coordinator for Investec Bank UK Ltd.
He is now considered an ANC dissident and critic, with his memoirs, "After the Party", being severely critical of the political culture of the ANC.
In an interview with "Democracy Now!", he noted the ways in which the global arms trade was linked to the Sandy Hook Elementary School shooting.
In 2011 Feinstein published "The Shadow World", an investigation into the global arms industry. He reported "that the trade in weapons accounts for around 40 percent of all corruption in all world trade The .. trade in weapons is extremely closely tied into the mechanics of government. The defence manufacturers, those who make the weapons, are closely tied in to governments, to militaries, to intelligence agencies and crucially to political parties."

</doc>
<doc id="19472905" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19472905" title="Gary D. McCaleb">
Gary D. McCaleb

Gary Day McCaleb (born November 2, 1941) is the vice president and professor of management at Abilene Christian University in Abilene, Texas, and a prominent civic leader who formerly served as mayor of Abilene, the seat of Taylor County. With degrees in business administration and management, McCaleb is also the executive director of ACU's Center for Building Community, which seeks creative and practical solutions to crises that exist at all levels of society.
Through the Center for Building Community, McCaleb has recruited well-known speakers to Abilene, including film critic Michael Medved, former Oklahoma Republican U.S. Representative J.C. Watts, and the late former prime minister of Pakistan, Benazir Bhutto. McCaleb instructs a course in leadership in the ACU College of Business.
Early years and family.
McCaleb was born to Victor Earl McCaleb and the former Vivian Day (1917–2000) in Anson, the seat of Jones County, located in West Texas north of Abilene and named for Anson Jones, former president of the Republic of Texas. He graduated with a Bachelor of Arts degree in 1964 from ACU, a Churches of Christ institution. He received a Master of Business Administration degree (1975) and a Ph.D. in management (1979), both from Texas A&M University in College Station. McCaleb began his academic career as assistant director (1964–1965) and then director of alumni relations (1965–1969) at ACU. He was thereafter director of college relations, assistant academic dean, assistant professor of business administration, vice president and dean of campus life (1980–1983), and dean of campus life (1983–1991). He was named vice president in 1991 during his second year as the part-time mayor. On June 5, 1964, McCaleb married the former Sylvia Ravanelli (born 1945); they have a daughter, Cara Lee Cranford, and a son, Bryan Day McCaleb, and six grandchildren. McCaleb is an avid jogger, having participated in marathons in New York City, Dallas, and Houston.
McCaleb is active in United Way of Abilene, the March of Dimes, the American Cancer Society, and the Abilene Task Force on Drug and Alcohol Abuse.
Mayor McCaleb.
McCaleb served three three-year terms as mayor from 1990 to 1999 but did not seek a fourth term. McCaleb is a Republican, but all municipal offices in Texas are officially nonpartisan. Previously, McCaleb was a member of the Abilene City Council from 1985 to 1990. On taking office, McCaleb said that Abilene should view itself as an international city, rather than a regional city. Midway in his mayoral tenure, McCaleb established the Mayor's Task Force on Technology. He invited sixty citizens from Abilene representing the education, health care, business, and government sectors, to serve on the panel. The task force created an awareness level in the community for people who otherwise knew little about recent advances in technology. McCaleb said the group also showed a spirit of cooperation as the members developed an information-sharing mode. 
McCaleb is a former president of the Texas Municipal League, and formerly served on the board of directors of the National League of Cities, with expertise in finance, administration, and intergovernmental relations. He frequently lectures throughout the nation on such topics as local government and community building and in such international locations as Jerusalem, Prague, São Paulo, Santiago, Belfast, Beijing, Buenos Aires, and Reykjavik. The trip to China in 1993 was a 17-day event, with other city officials included. McCaleb also represented his city on a special trip to Corinth, Greece, the sister city of Abilene. McCaleb conducts periodic workshops through the Texas Municipal League for new city officials.
McCaleb is a recipient of the John Ben Shepperd Political Courage Award, named for a crusading attorney general of Texas during the 1950s and presented in Austin by the Shepperd Public Leadership Forum.
Other accomplishments.
McCaleb is the author of two books: "Community: The Other Side of Self" and "The Gift of Community". He is also an artist, whose works can be seen at the Towne Crier Steakhouse in Abilene, of which he is a former managing partner.
McCaleb hosts "McCaleb & Company", an oral history television program through ACU. On August 2, 2006, he received the Texas Oral History Association's Barnes Award for excellence in community oral history. Specifically, McCaleb created fifty-five videotaped oral history interviews for the Abilene Centennial Project (1983). He interviewed individuals who describe their personal experiences in the growth and development of Abilene. The interviewees include other former mayors, sports figures, and Paul Siple, the man credited with inventing the term, wind chill factor. The oral history tapes are housed in the Grace Museum history archive in downtown Abilene. 
McCaleb has teamed with Kathy Morehead to establish an unusual art museum, the National Center for Children's Illustrated Literature. NCCIL, located at 102 Cedar Street in historic downtown Abilene, unveils three new exhibits each year. There is no admission fee. The museum was featured in a 2007 segment of Bob Phillips' "Texas Country Reporter" television series. In the broadcast, McCaleb notes that numerous children's books refer to "Abilene, Texas", which he equates with the American "heartland". He recalled an illustrator from the East Coast who expressed surprise to find such a museum in Abilene.

</doc>
<doc id="19472940" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19472940" title="Surface Water Ocean Topography Mission">
Surface Water Ocean Topography Mission

The Surface Water Ocean Topography (SWOT) Mission is a proposed NASA mission to make the first global survey of Earth’s surface water. It is one of 15 missions that the 2007 National Research Council’s decadal survey of Earth science recommends NASA implement in the coming decade.
SWOT is being developed by an international group of hydrologists and oceanographers to provide a better understanding of the world's oceans and its terrestrial surface waters. It will give scientists their first comprehensive view of Earth’s freshwater bodies from space and more much detailed measurements of the ocean surface than ever before.
SWOT is collaboration between NASA and CNES, the French space agency. It builds on the very successful 25-year partnership between the two agencies to use radar altimetry to measure the surface of the ocean that began with the TOPEX/Poseidon mission.
The SWOT mission is based on a new type of radar called Ka-band radar interferometery. The satellite will fly two radar antennae at either end of a 10-meter (33-foot) mast, allowing it to measure the elevation of the surface along a 120- kilometer (75-mile)-wide swath below. The new radar system is smaller but similar to the one that flew on NASA’s Shuttle Radar Topography Mission, which made high-resolution measurements of Earth’s land surface in 2000. 
The mission’s science goals are to
SWOT will have a mission lifetime of three years.

</doc>
<doc id="19472947" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19472947" title="Walter von Hauff">
Walter von Hauff

Walter von Hauff (born 1949) is a German actor and voice actor.

</doc>
<doc id="19472951" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19472951" title="Shooting at the 1992 Summer Olympics – Women's 10 metre air pistol">
Shooting at the 1992 Summer Olympics – Women's 10 metre air pistol

Women's 10 metre air pistol was one of the thirteen shooting events at the 1992 Summer Olympics. It was the first Olympic competition after the introduction of the new target in 1989, and thus two Olympic records were set. The defending champion, Jasna Šekarić, established the first when taking a two-point pre-final lead ahead of Marina Logvinenko. In the final, Logvinenko eliminated the gap and finished on exactly the same score as Šekarić, winning the gold medal by virtue of a higher final score, which was the rule at the time.
Qualification round.
OR Olympic record – Q Qualified for final
Final.
OR Olympic record

</doc>
<doc id="19472967" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19472967" title="1971 British Speedway League Division Two">
1971 British Speedway League Division Two


</doc>
<doc id="19472990" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19472990" title="Hotel reservation system">
Hotel reservation system

A hotel reservation system, also known as a central reservation system (CRS) is a computerized system that stores and distributes information of a hotel, resort, or other lodging facilities. 
A central reservation system is a tool to reach the global distribution system as well as internet distribution systems from one single system. A CRS assists hotel managers in managing their online marketing and sales, allowing them to upload their rates and availabilities to be seen by sales channels that are using the CRS. Sales channels may include conventional travel agencies as well as online travel agencies. 
Modules in a CRS include:
Information commonly stored in a CRS includes
Reporting.
The CRS reporting system provides a number of standard reports. Additional reports can be created using the integrated report generator by your IT Specialist. System reports may be generated automatically and may be run daily, weekly, monthly, yearly or manually upon request.
Reports include:
Global Distribution Interface.
The CRS offers a GDS (Global Distribution System) interface that allows travel agencies and consortia to confirm bookings and send the information to their CRO. For example the Pegasus Switch gives access to travel industry users of these major applications:
Web-based PMS Interface.
A CRS offer a two-way interface that allows the CRS to communicate with and exchange information between the CRS central database and the front office PMS (Property Management System) at each property. The two-way interface includes features that allows the CRS and PMS to work with the same information despite differing data structures and values.

</doc>
<doc id="19473025" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19473025" title="2001 World Championships in Athletics – Men's 20 kilometres walk">
2001 World Championships in Athletics – Men's 20 kilometres walk

The Men's 20 km Walk at the 2001 World Championships in Edmonton, Canada was held on Saturday August 4, 2001, with the start at 15:50h.

</doc>
<doc id="19473026" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19473026" title="Longma">
Longma

Longma (; lit. "dragon horse") was a fabled winged horse with dragon scales in Chinese mythology. Seeing a "longma" was an omen of a legendary sage-ruler, particularly one of the Three Sovereigns and Five Emperors.
Name.
The Chinese word "longma" combines "long" "dragon" and "ma" "horse". Compare "hema" 河馬 (lit. "river horse") "hippopotamus" and "haima" 海馬 ("sea horse") "seahorse". In addition to naming the mythic creature, "longma" 龍馬 "dragon horse" can mean "an eminent person" and occurs in the four-character idiom "longma jingshen" 龍馬精神 "vigorous spirit in old age".
"Longma" interconnects traditional Chinese beliefs about dragons and horses. An early example comes from the "Zhouli" "Rites of Zhou" (夏官司馬), which differentiates names for horses of different heights, measured in the "chi" "Chinese foot" (historically around 23-33 centimeters, see Chinese units of measurement). Horses up to 8 feet tall are called "long" 龍 "dragon", those up to 7 feet are called "lai" , and those up to 6 feet are called "ma" 馬 "horse". The Han Dynasty scholar Wang Fu (tr. Visser 1913:70) says, "The people paint the dragon's shape with a horse's head and a snake's tail."
Edward H. Schafer describes the horse's "tremendous importance" to Tang Dynasty rulers for military tactics, diplomatic policy, and aristocratic privilege. 
Still, this patrician animal owed his unique status to more than his usefulness to the lords of the land. He was invested with sanctity by ancient tradition, endowed with prodigious qualities, and visibly stamped with the marks of his divine origin. A revered myth proclaimed him a relative of the dragon, akin to the mysterious powers of water. Indeed, all wonderful horses, such as the steed of the pious Hsüan-tsang which, in later legend, carried the sacred scriptures from India, were avatars of dragons, and in antiquity the tallest horse owned by the Chinese were called simply "dragons". (1963:59) 
This "steed" refers to Xuanzang's famous "bailongma" 白龍馬 "white dragon horse".
The Japanese loanword "ryūma" or "ryōma" 龍馬 (simplified 竜馬) has several meanings. "Ryūma" refers to the legendary Chinese "dragon horse" and the name of a chess piece in shogi (translated "promoted bishop", also pronounced "ryūme"). "Ryōma" is commonly used as a Japanese name, for instance Sakamoto Ryōma. See Visser (1913:147-9) for details about the dragon-horse in Japan.
Classical references.
Many Chinese classic texts refer to the "longma" "dragon horse".
The most famous "longma" occurrences are connected with the mythical "Hetu" 河圖 "Yellow River chart", which along with the "Luoshu" 洛書 "Luo River writing; Lo Shu Square" are ancient magic square arrangements of the "Ba gua" "8 Trigrams" and "Wuxing" "5 Phases". They are traditionally linked with prehistoric Chinese rulers, a "longma" revealed the "Hetu" to Fu Xi or Shun, and the shell of a "gui" "tortoise" revealed the "Luoshu" to Yu. "The Great Treatise" commentary to the "Yijing" explains.
Heaven creates divine things; the holy sage takes them as models. Heaven and earth change and transform; the holy sage imitates them. In the heavens hang images that reveal good fortune and misfortune; the holy sage reproduces these. The Yellow River brought forth a map and the Lo River brought forth a writing; the holy men took these as models. (tr. Wilhelm and Baynes 1967:320) 
"The water of the Ho sent forth a dragon horse; on its back there was curly hair, like a map of starry dots", says the "Yijing" commentary (tr. Visser 1913:57), "The water of the Lo sent forth a divine tortoise; on its back there were riven veins, like writing of character pictures." "Hetu" 河圖 is alternately named "longtu" 龍圖 and "matu" 馬圖, with "dragon" and "horse". For instance, the "Baihutong" 白虎通 (封禪) says 河出龍圖 "the Yellow River sent forth the dragon chart" while the "Liji" (禮運, cf. Legge 1885:1:392-3) says 河出馬圖 "the Yellow River sent forth the horse chart". 
The "Shujing" (顧命, cf. Legge 1865:554) records the original "Hetu" "river plan" among the royal treasures of King Cheng of Zhou (r. ca. 1042-1021 BCE). Kong Anguo's "Shujing" commentary explains the "longma". 
A dragon horse is the ["qi" 氣] vital spirit of Heaven and Earth. As a being its shape consists of a horse's body, yet it has dragon scales. Therefore it is called 'dragon horse'. Its height is eight ch'ih five ts'un. A true dragon horse has wings at its sides and walks upon the water without sinking. If a holy man is on the throne it comes out of the midst of the Ming river, carrying a map on its back. (tr. Visser 1913:58) 
The "Jushu jinian" 竹書紀年 "Bamboo Annals", which records ancient Chinese mythology and history, describes the "longma" in a context of Yao conveying the throne to Shun. The spirits of the five planets appeared on the Yellow River and predicted, "The river scheme will come and tell the emperor of the time. He who knows us is the double-pupilled yellow Yaou." (Yao supposedly had double-pupil eyes, indicating insight). The Yellow River gave off light, beautiful vapors, and clouds.
Then a dragon-horse appeared, bearing in his mouth a scaly cuirass, with red lines on a green ground, ascended the altar, laid down the scheme, and went away. The cuirass was like a tortoise shell, nine cubits broad. The scheme contained a tally of white gem, in a casket of red gem, covered with yellow gold, and bound with a green string. On the tally were the words, 'With pleased countenance given to the emperor Shun'. (tr. Legge 1865:113) 
A subsequent "Bamboo Annals" context describes the spirit of the Yellow River as a person rather than a dragon-horse, and says Yao rather than Yu received the "Hetu" in order to control the Great Flood. 
As he was looking at the Ho River, a tall man, with a white face and fish's body, came out and said, 'I am the spirit of the Ho.' He then called Yu, and said, 'Wan-ming shall regulate the waters.' Having so spoken, he gave Yu a chart of the Ho, containing all about the regulating of the waters; and returned into the deep. (tr. Legge 1865:117) 
The (4th century CE) "Shiyiji" 拾遺記 (tr. Visser 1913:59) records that Emperor Mu of Jin, "drove around the world in a carriage, drawn by eight winged dragon horses." This context uses the modified expression "long zhi jun" 龍之駿 "dragon's excellent-horse".
The (10th century CE) "Taiping Yulan" says a "longma" that appeared in 741 CE was considered as a good omen for Emperor Xuanzong of Tang. 
It was spotted blue and red, and covered with scales. Its mane resembled that of a dragon, and its neighing was like the tone of a flute. It could cover three hundred miles. Its mother was a common horse which had become pregnant by drinking water from a river in which it was bathed. (tr. Visser 1913:59) 
Comparative mythology.
"Longma" "dragon horse" connects with other creatures in Chinese folklore. While "longma" sometimes applies to the Qilin (Williams 1989:390), the closest relative is the legendary "tianma" 天馬 "heavenly horse" or the "Chinese Pegasus", which was metaphorically identified with the "hanxiema" 汗血馬 "blood-sweating horse" or Ferghana horse. A poem attributed to Emperor Wu of Han celebrates a 101 BCE victory over Western tribes.
The Heavenly Horses are coming, Coming from the Far West. They crossed the Flowing Sands, For the barbarians are conquered. … The Heavenly Horses are coming; Jupiter is in the Dragon. Should they choose to soar aloft, Who could keep pace with them? They will draw me up and carry me To the Holy Mountain of K'un-lun. The Heavenly Horses have come And the Dragon will follow in their wake. I shall reach the of Heaven, I shall see the Palace of God. (tr. Waley 1955:96-97) 
In Chinese astrology, the Dragon and Horse are two of the twelve animals. A "Zhuangzi" (列禦寇) story mentions finding a "pearl worth a thousand pieces of gold" under the chin of a "lilong" 驪龍 "black-horse dragon".
Some mythic elements of the "longma" "dragon horse" are culturally widespread. Schafer elucidates.
The legend of water-born horses was known in various parts of Turkestan. In Kucha, for instance, when that city was visited by Hsüan-tsang in the seventh century, there was a lake of dragons in front of one of its temples. "The dragons, changing their form, couple with mares. The offspring is a wild species of horse ("dragon-horse") difficult to tame and of a fierce nature. The breed of these dragon-horses became docile." This story must have had its origin farther west in Iranian lands, where winged horses were familiar in art and myth. Even the long-legged small-bellied horses of the "Tajik," that is, of the Arabs, were said to have been born of the conjunction of dragons with mares on the shores of the "Western Sea." (Schafer 1963:60) 
The Chinese "longma" "dragon horse" is not culture specific. Mythological hybrid animals or chimeras are known worldwide, including combinations of dragons and horses. In Greek mythology, the Hippocamp or Hippocampus (lit. "horse sea-monster"), which supposedly has the head and front legs of a horse and the hindquarters of a dragon or fish, parallels the "longma" (Carr 1990:154). In Babylonian mythology, "dragon-horse" is a title of the goddess Tiamat (Massey 1907:274). Among the prehistoric hill figures in Oxfordshire, Dragon Hill is below the Uffington White Horse.

</doc>
<doc id="19473036" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19473036" title="The Minion">
The Minion

The Minion (also known as Fallen Knight in Canada), is a 1998 American and Canadian action supernatural horror film directed by Jean-Marc Piché and starring Dolph Lundgren.
Synopsis.
The film's plot revolves around the coming of the Apocalypse, heralded by the imminent liberation of the Antichrist from the depths of Hell through a certain gateway at the close of one full millennium. This gate can only be opened by a special key, which has been kept guarded by the order of the Templars (who in this version existed since the last days of Jesus). The key in turn is sought out by the servant of the Antichrist, simply known as the Minion, a demonic spirit that transfers itself into the next available host body when his previous one is killed off. His first attempt to gain the key at the close of the year 999 is foiled; the sole surviving Templar of the company charged with hiding the key eventually takes off with a ship to the west, to what was at that time known as the "end of the world", to keep it from the Minion's grasp.
A thousand years later, near Christmas of 1999, two city engineer workers accidentally find a hidden Templar burial chamber beneath New York City. A Mohawk archeologist, Karen Goodleaf, is tasked with the examination of the chamber and its contents, but then the Minion attacks. Before he can claim the key, however, he is hindered by a man in priest garb, who kills the Minion's host body with a blow from a spiked gauntlet to a certain part of the neck and then takes the key for himself. Startled and confused, Karen chases after the man, who gradually introduces himself as "Lukas". Lukas Sadorov is a Templar and a former Speznas who deserted the Soviet army following a massacre on civilians in Afghanistan, sent by the head of his order to recover the key. After a lot of insistence, Karen tags along with Lukas and eventually gains his trust, and after having seen the Minion in action, she decides to aid him in his quest by proposing to hide the key in a nuclear waste depository built on the grounds of her childhood reservation home, whose resident radioactivity would theoretically prevent the Minion's host bodies from claiming the key. She enlists the help of her grandfather, Michael Bear, a Mohawk shaman who works as a foreman at the depository plant, in order to gain access to the facility.
However, the Minion repeatedly takes over people who unwittingly come into contact with his previous, if disabled host bodies, enabling him to continue his relentless pursuit. He finally takes possession of Karen's former archeology tutor, Professor Schulman, who is providing assistance to the NYPD during the investigation of the apparent serial murder case, and tricks the police into opening a manhunt on Lukas. After killing Karen's grandfather and donning his radiation suit as a disguise, he tricks Lukas into giving him the key and escapes with it to Jerusalem, the location of the Templar's sanctuary and the gate to Hell hidden within its crypts.
The Minion arrives at the Templars' headquarters just before Lukas and Karen do, taking the Templars by surprise and killing most of them. Bernhard, one of the Templar Knights, manages to kill the Minion, but in his eagerness to prove himself better than Lukas, he accidentally allows the Minion to take possession of him and thus insert the key into the gate. Lukas and Karen arrive shortly after, and while Karen tries to remove the key from the lock, Lukas battles the possessed Bernhard and kills him. Together, he and Karen, although tempted by the Antichrist himself, manage to prevent the gate's unlocking just before the final seal on the door is burst. With the Templars decimated, Lukas decides to rebuild the order, and Karen spontaneously declares to join him in his efforts, marking the dawn of a new generation of Templars to guard the gate and the key.

</doc>
<doc id="19473039" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19473039" title="Centre for Health Protection">
Centre for Health Protection

The Centre for Health Protection () is an agency under the Department of Health in Hong Kong and responsible for health and safety.
Established in June 2004 in response to the SARS outbreak in Hong Kong. CHP plays the same role and function as the Centers for Disease Control in the United States, and the European Centre for Disease Prevention and Control in the European Union (EU). The vision of the CHP is to be a centre of excellence in disease prevention and control. Primary mission of the CHP is to achieve effective prevention and control of diseases in Hong Kong in collaboration with major local and international stakeholders.
The CHP is headed by the Controller for the Centre for Health Protection and reports to the Director of the Department of Health. The current Controller is Dr TH LEUNG, JP.
There are six branches in CHP:
CHP deals with various health related issues including:

</doc>
<doc id="19473064" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19473064" title="Light (Matisyahu album)">
Light (Matisyahu album)

Light is the third album by reggae singer Matisyahu, which was released on August 25, 2009. It was anticipated since his major label debut "Youth" released three years before. The album has been highly successful in the reggae world, holding the top spot on the billboard reggae albums chart for 34 weeks.
Album delay.
Matisyahu had been working on his third album for nearly two years, making it the longest time he has ever spent making a record. The follow-up to "Youth" had been delayed several times before its release. First scheduled for early 2008, "Light" was pushed back numerous times because Matisyahu continued to tour off and on since the release of "Youth". The new album's release date was set for April 21, 2009, but on March 3, the release date was pushed back to May 13, 2009. Then, once again, he pushed the release back, this time to Summer 2009, ostensibly because Matisyahu decided to record more new songs.
That date had already passed, and in a message from Matisyahu on Twitter the album is due to release on August 25. On May 27, Matisyahu's Facebook page stated that the album was going to come out on August 25. On June 23 "Light" was made available for preorder on iTunes, with the single "One Day," a last minute addition to the album, available for download at the same time. Eventually, the official release date of August 25 was settled on. His third album finds him still creating the jam-band sound that made him popular, while shedding some light on his versatility. The theme of 'light' certainly ties the lyrical material together. On January 2, 2010 a remix to "One Day" surfaced which featured Akon.
Track list.
The songs "Smash Lies," "So Hi So Lo," "Two Child One Drop," and "I Will Be Light" also appeared on "Shattered EP". The song "One Day" was featured on the video game NBA 2K10
Some versions of the album were also packaged with the EP "Live at Twist & Shout".

</doc>
<doc id="19473112" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19473112" title="Konrad Dobler">
Konrad Dobler

Konrad Waldemar Dobler (born April 27, 1957 in Alt-Asbach, Rotthalmünster, Lower Bavaria) is a former long-distance runner from Germany, who twice represented his native country at the Summer Olympics: 1992 and 1996. He set his personal best (2:11:57) in the men's marathon in 1991.

</doc>
<doc id="19473115" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19473115" title="1972 British Speedway League Division Two">
1972 British Speedway League Division Two

Rochdale Hornets were missing from the previous season whilst Ipswich Witches moved up to the British League. Ellesmere Port Gunners and Scunthorpe Saints were newcomers whilst Romford Bombers moved to West Ham. Halfway through the season, they moved again to Barrow. Crewe Kings won their first title.

</doc>
<doc id="19473142" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19473142" title="Bonnieure">
Bonnieure

The Bonnieure is a river in the Charente "département", southwestern France, left tributary to the river Charente. Its source is in Genouillac, in the east of the department. It flows into the Charente near Mansle. Another town along the Bonnieure is Chasseneuil-sur-Bonnieure.

</doc>
<doc id="19473182" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19473182" title="Smita">
Smita

Smita or Smitha born 4 September 1980 in Vijayawada, Andhra Pradesh, India is an Indian playback singer whose songs have been featured in numerous Tollywood, Bollywood, Tamil and Kannada movies.She has also released numerous Indi-pop albums and acted in one Telugu feature film(Malliswari).
She has over million albums sold, 200 concerts in 8 countries, 75 playback songs and proved her ability to sing in six languages.
Career.
Early years.
Smita was four years old when she performed for the first time at her school annual day function at Vijayawada. She sang "Doe a Deer" from the film The Sound of Music which she had watched countless times. She went on to the stage, stood in front of the mike and sang the song very confidently. She was seen tapping her feet and her body swaying with the rhythm. She got a lot of applause and got noticed by everyone.
As she grew, she started going for many competitions and always returned home with some prize. She went to Bishop Cottons in Bangalore during her 6th and 7th standard. Usually the school took students from 8th standard onwards in the school choir but seeing Smita's enthusiasm and talent, the music teacher took her in the choir though she was in 6th standard. These two years played a vital role in honing her singing skills. At home she used to spend a good amount of time watching music channels on TV and used to sing and emote like the stars. By this time her parents knew for sure that she was going to do very well if she gets into singing and performing arts, but major challenge was to find the way forward.
When she finished her school and joined in intermediate in Maris Stella college at Vijayawada, a reality show by name "Padutha Theeyaga" on ETV was making waves. This is when her mother made a cassette of her song from one of her stage performances and sent to ETV. Smita got a call after one year to come for preliminaries. On 5 June 1997, she participated in the show and made her own mark. Her confidence, style and ease created a new trend in that program. She not only won the preliminaries but also won the quarter finals, semis and mini finals. She somehow lost in mega semis. Though she was disappointed about getting eliminated, her passion and determination were intact.
Later Years (Journey to Pop World).
Smita's potential as a singer was identified at a talent show in a Telugu television channel anchored by S.P.Balasubramaniam in 1997. Around this time she started trying for some playback opportunities and she did get to sing a few playback songs. This is when her parents advised her that it was more apt to choose pop singing as a career as she had a style which is more suited for making of a pop artist. "Hairabba" was a result of this decision. It was purely her talent and commitment to the project that got a company like Archies Music to launch the project.
Her career as a pop artist started in the year 2000 with the launch of her first album "Hai Rabba". This album was followed by several blockbuster albums in Telugu and Tamil. Some of her albums in Telugu has crossed sales of over one million copies with special mention to albums like "Masaka Masaka". Over the last seven years Smita has sung over seventy five playback songs in Telugu and has worked with leading music composers from the south. The song "Evaraina chusuntara" from the film "Anukokunda oka roju" composed by M.M.Keeravani won her a Filmfare award as best playback singer in Telugu films for the year 2005.
There was no looking back after that. Many albums followed and became blockbusters. She created a market for Pop music in Andhra Pradesh and Tamil Nadu and kept the Pop music alive for almost a decade now.
Recent Years.
Sony BMG now showcases this versatile artist in her first self-titled trilingual album in Hindi, Tamil and Telugu languages. The album has just been released and it’s rocking everywhere.
The recently launched album “SMITA” has 9 tracks and the music has been composed by the hit duo – Sajid Wajid (of Partner & Welcome fame) and video directed & choreographed by the country’s leading choreographers Bosco-Caesar. It has been released in Hindi and Tamil by the leading music company Sony BMG. The pop album is available in stores from May 7.
In “SMITA”, racy dance numbers like the first video single “Mahi Ve” which was shot on a huge set where multiple set-ups including a 20 feet wide ‘lotus pool’ was constructed as a part of the set, in which Smita was seated and completed in a matter of only 2 days with a troupe of 8 professional British dancers. This will be followed shortly by the second video ‘Aaja Nachle’, which is a hip-hopish dance number. The album also includes seductive and mischievous tracks like “Ouch” to the soothing romantic ballads “Zara Zara” and “Saawariya”, followed by “Dholna” which showcases Smita’s dexterity across genres and emotions.
I Candy Entertainments Pvt Ltd; is a new addition to her business. This is a production house started by her recently. This company is currently producing a popular show by name 'Tata Indicom-Dance With Me' for Maa TV.
On March 27, 2010, Smita started a one of its kind music, arts and dance school in Hyderabad by name M.A.D. Paatasaala. This is launched by hero Nagarjuna and music director Keeravani. M.A.D. Paatasaala is an ambitious project to bring all major art forms in dance, music and martial arts under one roof to provide a well designed and complete training experience for aspirants in these fields. The studio is located in SVM Mall in Jubilee Hills, Hyderabad.
Ishana.
Smita is released her new album Ishana – the path of the divine on 29th February, at a media event in Hyderabad. An Isha volunteer for the past three years, Smita made the album as an offering to Sadhguru and Isha Foundation. Created for a cause, the entire proceeds from the sale of the album will go to support Isha Foundation’s work in the areas of education, environment and rural initiatives.
Ishana was released to the public during the grand Mahashivarathri celebrations held at Isha Yoga Center on 20th February, 2012. The album was officially launched by renowned dancer and actress Hema Malini in the presence of Sadhguru, amidst an audience of over fifty thousand people.
The media launch for Andhra Pradesh will took place that Wednesday in Hyderabad. Along with the album, two videos were also launched during the meet. The album has six audio songs and two videos that were shot at the Isha Yoga Center, primarily at the Dhyanalinga and Linga Bhairavi temples. Music for the album was composed by Nihal and the videos were directed by acclaimed cinematographer Sameer Reddy and top photographer Tarun Khiwal. Choreography was done by Vijay, whose talent was identified through Smita’s home production television show “Dance with me”.
Film personalities M.M Keeravani and Brahmanandam attended the music launch, while the video launch featured cinema figures S.S. Rajamouli, Krish and Siddharth.
As a Business Woman.
Besides pursuing her career as a pop artist, she ventured into business in the year 2002 by starting "Bubbles Hair & Beauty" at Jubilee Hills, Hyderabad which went on to become a landmark in the beauty segment in Hyderabad. She started one in Vijayawada in 2006 and also added a fitness centre by name "ICE".

</doc>
<doc id="19473200" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19473200" title="Wrestling at the 1976 Summer Olympics – Men's Greco-Roman 68 kg">
Wrestling at the 1976 Summer Olympics – Men's Greco-Roman 68 kg

The Men's Greco-Roman 68 kg at the 1976 Summer Olympics as part of the wrestling program were held at the Maurice Richard Arena.
Tournament results.
The competition used a form of negative points tournament, with negative points given for any result short of a fall. Accumulation of 6 negative points eliminated the loser wrestler. When only three wrestlers remain, a special final round is used to determine the order of the medals.
Final.
Results from the preliminary round are carried forward into the final (shown in yellow).

</doc>
<doc id="19473201" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19473201" title="Rex Wilson">
Rex Wilson

Rex Albert Wilson (born April 10, 1960 in Wanganui, Manawatu-Wanganui) is a retired male long-distance runner from New Zealand, who represented his native country at the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona, Spain. There he finished in 16th place in the men's marathon, clocking 2:15:51. He set his personal best (2:10:48) in the classic distance in 1990.

</doc>
<doc id="19473207" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19473207" title="1973 British Speedway League Division Two">
1973 British Speedway League Division Two


</doc>
<doc id="19473217" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19473217" title="Roman Bronze Works">
Roman Bronze Works

Roman Bronze Works, now operated as Roman Bronze Studios, is a bronze foundry in New York. Established in 1897 by Riccardo Bertelli, it was the first American foundry to specialize in the lost-wax casting method, and was the country's pre-eminent art foundry during the American Renaissance (ca. 1876-1917). 
In 1908, the foundry built a home and studio for sculptor Harry Merwin Shrady at White Plains, New York. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1982 as the Leo Friedlander Studio.
Long a sub-contractor to Louis Comfort Tiffany's Tiffany Studios, the foundry moved in 1927 to Tiffany's red brick factory in Corona, Queens, New York. 
The foundry's mold makers, casters, chasers and finishers, and patinaters cast sculptures from plaster and terra cotta models provided by sculptors. They also scaled down monumental and other finished works for editions of collectors' bronzes, allowing works by Daniel Chester French, Henry Augustus Lukeman and Augustus Saint-Gaudens to ornament a private library or drawing room. 
From 1898, Frederic Remington worked exclusively with Roman Bronze Works, as did Charles M. Russell. Remington bronzes were being cast by Roman Bronze Works as late as the 1980s.
Roman Bronze Works was purchased in 1946 by Salvatore Schiavo, whose father had worked at the foundry since 1902. His nephew, Philip J. Schiavo, the grandson of the first Schiavo, was the president of the foundry until its closing.
The Heisman Trophy was originally made by Dieges & Clust in New York (and later Providence, Rhode Island) from its inception in 1935 until 1980, when Dieges and Clust was sold to Herff Jones.needed However, for a time until at least 2008, the Roman Bronze Works cast the Heisman Trophy statues awarded annually to the best college football player and his university.
After the foundry closed, original plaster models of major works by American artists Frederic Remington, Daniel Chester French, Charles Russell, Bessie Potter Vonnoh and Anna Hyatt Huntington were auctioned off in New York on September 17, 1988. Some of the molds were moved to warehouses in Copiague, New York, under the aegis of American Art Restoration, Inc. 
The business archives were preserved and are now at the Amon Carter Museum Library in Fort Worth, Texas. In 2002, Schiffer Publishing released a book about Roman Bronze Works, "A Century of American Sculpture; The Roman Bronze Works Foundry", written by Lucy D. Rosenfeld and based on the firm's ledgers and archival photographs at the museum.
Brain Ramnarine, who worked at Roman Bronze Works and opened his foundry in Queens (Long Island City) NY under the name "Empire Bronze Art Foundry", was charged in Manhattan Federal Court in November 2012 with an $11 million scheme to sell an unauthorized casting of a work by Jasper Johns. He was arraigned in October 2002 on charges of grand larceny, falsifying business records, scheme to defraud and criminal simulation. In February of 2003 he pled guilty to making unauthorized copies of sculptures, agreeing to pay $100,000 in restitution. 

</doc>
<doc id="19473225" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19473225" title="Billy Parker">
Billy Parker

Billy Parker may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19473234" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19473234" title="Gannys">
Gannys

Gannys was a Roman general and eunuch who commanded the troops of Elagabalus against Emperor Macrinus in the Battle of Antioch.
According to Edward Gibbon in his "Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire":
"... Antoninus himself, who in the rest of his life never acted like a man, in this important crisis of his fate approved himself a hero, mounted his horse, and, at the head of his rallied troops, charged sword in hand among the thickest enemies; whilst the eunuch Gannys, whose occupation had been confined to female cares and the soft luxury of Asia, displayed the talents of an able and experienced general." (I, vi)
According to Dio Cassius: "because of his slaying at Nicomedeia at the very outset of his reign Gannys, the man who had brought about the uprising, who had taken him to the camp, who had also caused the soldiers to revolt, who had given him the victory over Macrinus, and who had been his foster-father and guardian, he was regarded as the most impious of men. 2 To be sure, Gannys was living rather luxuriously and was fond of accepting bribes, but for all that he did no one any harm and bestowed many benefits upon many people. Most of all, he showed great zeal for p453the emperor and was thoroughly satisfactory to Maesa and Soaemis, to the former because he had been reared by her, and to the latter because he was virtually her husband. 3 But it was not at all because of this that the emperor put him out of the way, inasmuch as he had wished to give him a marriage contract and appoint him Caesar; it was rather because he was forced by Gannys to live temperately and prudently. And he himself was the first to give Gannys a mortal blow with his own hand, since no one of the soldiers had the hardihood to take the lead in murdering him(2).
Notes.
(2) History of Rome, LXXX.6

</doc>
<doc id="19473305" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19473305" title="Splat the Cat">
Splat the Cat

Splat the Cat is a 2008 children's picture book by Rob Scotton.
Plot.
Splat is so scared of his first day of Cat School that his tail moves with worry. He needs a friend so he takes his pet, a mouse named Seymour, with him to school. Mrs. Wimpydimple covers lots of topics such as self-esteem and nature. When Seymour gets out of Splat's lunchbox, the cats chase after him. The teacher saves Seymour. By day two, Splat's tail moves with excitement.
Reception.
A "Kirkus Reviews" review says, "From the blackboard lessons to the store-window signs advertising white chocolate mice, jelly fish and fish cakes, environmental print creates visual interest. Splat himself is a hoot with his spindly legs, flyaway fur and highly expressive tail. Sure to stir things up at storytime." Stephanie Zvirin, of "Booklist" reviewed the book saying "Splat’s very visible, very childlike enthusiasms and concerns will resonate with kids, who will flip through the pictures more than once." A "Publishers Weekly" review says, "Rambunctious, filled with superbly executed details (look for Seymour when Splat pulls his mildly sheer sheets over his head), this book not only gets its job done, it completely transcends its agenda." "Splat the Cat" was a "New York Times" Bestseller and "Time" magazine number 4 picture book of 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19473306" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19473306" title="Ferrari Millechili">
Ferrari Millechili

The Ferrari Millechili (Italian for one thousand (mille) kilograms (chili)) is the name of a concept car shown at a technical symposium at Ferrari's headquarters in Maranello in 2007. It is also the name of a project by Ferrari to develop and manufacture a lightweight sports car. The development of the Millechili is being done in collaboration with University of Modena and Reggio Emilia, faculty of Mechanical Engineering. MilleChili Lab is a cross-project in which students are working on light-weight car design.
The Millechilli is long, with a wheelbase, resulting in an appearance of a scaled-down Enzo. The concept has an aluminum structure, a titanium transmission case, and several aerodynamic aids that reduce drag. 
A production version of the Millechili concept car was speculated to enter production in 2010. 
MilleChili Lab.
Millechili Lab is a part of the Millechili Project, created in February 2009 by the University of Modena's Engineering Faculty in collaboration with Ferrari.
The MilleChili Lab is to study and design a light-weight automotive chassis for high-performance cars, thanks to the work of under-graduate and post-graduate students, all trained inside the Lab. There are only a few constrictions for the new designed lay-out: the possibility of industrialization and the respect of every performance target given by Ferrari. The future chassis, created for a mid-engine design car, should be designed in 3 years.
The Lab, thanks to Ferrari research funds, has four UNIX workstations supporting multiple users and also used as a 32CPUS' Cluster, and a brand-new cluster with 24CPUS. The Lab has also two Windows workstations. Every interactive computer is equipped with various pieces of software, such as CAE (CAD, FEA, Material Selector, etc...) programs, all the same used by Ferrari, to simplify information exchange.

</doc>
<doc id="19473307" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19473307" title="Leszek Bebło">
Leszek Bebło

Leszek Bebło (born July 8, 1966 in Sokolniki near Tarnobrzeg) is a former long-distance runner from Poland, who represented his native country at two consecutive Summer Olympics, starting in 1992 in Barcelona, Spain. He set his personal best (2:09:42) in the classic distance in 1995.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19473308" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19473308" title="1974 British Speedway League Division Two">
1974 British Speedway League Division Two


</doc>
<doc id="19473324" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19473324" title="Sweepers (film)">
Sweepers (film)

Sweepers is a 1998 American and South African action film directed by Keoni Waxman. It stars Dolph Lundgren as Christian Erickson, a leading demolition expert trained to disarm mine fields in a humanitarian minesweeping operation in Angola. In the events his son is killed and he discovers that mines are being planted during the war to kill people in the area.

</doc>
<doc id="19473358" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19473358" title="1992 Waldbaum's Hamlet Cup – Doubles">
1992 Waldbaum's Hamlet Cup – Doubles

Eric Jelen and Carl-Uwe Steeb were the defending champions, but Jelen chose not to participate, and only Steeb competed that year.
Steeb partnered with Markus Zoecke, but lost in the first round to Murphy Jensen and Gabriel Markus.
Francisco Montana and Greg Van Emburgh won in the final 6–4, 6–2, against Gianluca Pozzi and Olli Rahnasto.

</doc>
<doc id="19473366" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19473366" title="Edwards School of Business">
Edwards School of Business

The N. Murray Edwards School of Business, also known as the Edwards School of Business, or simply Edwards, is located on the University of Saskatchewan campus in Saskatoon, Saskatchewan. Formerly the College of Commerce, the school was renamed in 2007 to honor N. Murray Edwards, an alumnus and entrepreneur.
History.
The school was established in 1914 as the School of Accounting, leading to the degree of BSc. However, the first students were not admitted until 1917, due to the impact of World War I on enrollment. This was the first accounting degree in Canada, and the first university-level school of accounting in Canada.
In 1936, the school was named the College of Accounting, and in 1943 it became the College of Commerce, coupled with a broader mission that would encompass the training of future business executives.
In 2007, the school was named after Canadian entrepreneur N. Murray Edwards, an alumnus and long-time supporter of the school.
Programs.
Undergraduate.
The school grants both undergraduate and graduate programs. The undergraduate degree offered is the Bachelor of Commerce, or B. Comm. Students can specialize in one of six majors: Accounting, Finance, Human Resources, Management, Marketing, or Operations Management. Students choose their major in their 2nd semester of their 2nd year. If accepted into the major of their choice, they begin classes in their field of study at the beginning of their 3rd year. Additionally, undergraduate students may also partake in a co-operative education program during their 3rd year, which sees them undergo an 8 month in-field work placement.
Graduate.
In addition to its undergraduate programming, graduate degrees are also offered. Edwards has a Master of Business Administration program, along with a Master of Science in Finance program, and a Master of Professional Accounting Program. The MBA program is housed in the school's downtown campus.
Certificate.
The school also currently offers certificate programs, including a Business Administration Certificate program, along with an Executive Business Administration Certificate program, and an Aboriginal Business Certificate program.

</doc>
<doc id="19473387" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19473387" title="Tardoire">
Tardoire

The Tardoire is a river in southwestern France, left tributary to the river Bonnieure. Its source is in Châlus, in the Haute-Vienne "département". It flows into the Bonnieure near Saint-Ciers-sur-Bonnieure. Over much of its length, the Tardoire flows underground.
It flows through the following "départements" and towns: 

</doc>
<doc id="19473393" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19473393" title="Luis Soares">
Luis Soares

Luis Soares (born March 24, 1964 in Nazaré, Leiria) is a former long-distance runner, who was born in Portugal. He represented France at the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona, Spain. He set his personal best (2:10:03) in the classic distance in 1992.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19473404" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19473404" title="Creepy Crespi">
Creepy Crespi

Frank Angelo Joseph "Creepy" Crespi (February 16, 1918 in St. Louis, Missouri – March 1, 1990 in Florissant, Missouri), was a Major League Baseball player who played infielder from - for the St. Louis Cardinals. He made his major league debut on 14 September 1938 playing second base for the Cardinals.
In 1951, longtime Cardinals star shortstop Marty Marion praised Crespi as the best defensive second baseman he'd ever played with. "For one year—1941—Crespi was the best second baseman I ever saw. He did everything, and sensationally." Marion added, however, that Crespi's play dropped off in 1942, and after that he was drafted.
World War II.
Crespi was drafted into the army in early 1943. Though he qualified for a deferment as the sole supporter of his elderly mother, he refused, claiming, "I don't think I'm too good to fight for the things I've always enjoyed." 
During an Army baseball game in Kansas, he suffered a compound fracture of his left leg while turning a double play. Soon afterwards, he broke the same leg during a training accident, and later he broke it a third time during an impromptu wheelchair race while in the hospital.
While he was recuperating at the hospital, a nurse accidentally applied 100 times the appropriate quantity of boric acid to his bandages, causing severe burns on Crespi's leg and leaving him with a permanent limp.
According to Marty Marion, a total of 23 operations were performed on Crespi's leg.
After the war.
In an attempt to qualify for the major league pension plan, Crespi applied various times as coach. Unable to obtain the position, he became a budget analyst for McDonnell Douglas, where he worked for 20 years.
After his retirement from McDonnell Douglas, Crespi discovered that he had not been retired from baseball, but rather had been on the disabled list, when the major league had first implemented its pension plan during the 1940s. This discovery entitled Crespi to his major league pension.
Crespi died of a heart attack on 1 March 1990 in Florissant, Missouri.

</doc>
<doc id="19473418" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19473418" title="Central Hall">
Central Hall

Central Hall can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19473422" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19473422" title="Court Districts of Sweden">
Court Districts of Sweden

Court districts in Sweden divide Norrland which was never divided into hundreds and instead the court districts, or "tingslag", served as the basic division of these rural areas.

</doc>
<doc id="19473428" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19473428" title="Kostretsy">
Kostretsy

Kostretsy may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19473432" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19473432" title="Max Mermelstein">
Max Mermelstein

Max Mermelstein (November 1, 1942 – September 12, 2008) was a drug smuggler for the Medellín Cartel in the late 70s and early 80s, who later became a key informant against the organization. In the words of James P. Walsh, Los Angeles Federal Prosecutor, "Max Mermelstein was probably the single most valuable government witness in drug matters that this country has ever known." He became a "weapon for the government."
Reputed to have smuggled 56 tons of cocaine worth $12.5 billion into the US, Max was described by his attorney Tom Johnston as "just a nice Jewish guy who got into the wrong industry." Trained as a mechanical engineer in New York and married to a Puerto Rican, he moved to San Juan, Puerto Rico with his wife, and worked as chief engineer for the Sheraton Hotel. They separated soon after she left him to return to her ailing mother, but not before Max learned perfect "street Spanish". 
While working for the Sheraton he met a Colombian woman, Cristina Jaramillo, and they were soon married. After accepting another job at the Princess Hotel in Freeport in the Bahamas, Max began his first limited criminal activity by creating an "underground pipeline" to help smuggle his wife's Colombian relatives and childhood friends into the United States.
Under the Gun.
One of those "friends" was Rafael Cardona Salazar, a.k.a. "Rafa"; a five-foot three sociopath with a taste for bazooka cigarettes; an amalgamation of tobacco and cocaine stuffed back into cigarette shells. After Max returned to Miami with his family to work as chief engineer of the Aventura Country Club, he was awakened by a drug-fueled Rafa on Christmas morning 1978. Rafa insisted that Max drive him and his roommate back home after a cocaine-filled afterparty. Max agreed, and on the trip, Rafa and the roommate argued after Rafa accused the roommate of stealing. In a rage, Rafa shot him to death at close range. Fearing for his own life, Max continued to drive until they stopped to dispose of the body at a road shoulder. They then returned to Rafa's apartment where Rafa told Max, "You work for me now". [http://www.themanwhomadeitsnow.com]
Drug Smuggler.
In 1979, fearing for his life and the lives of his family, Max started working full-time for Rafa, who had become the cartel point man in the United States. Working mainly for Jorge Luis Ochoa Vasquez through Rafa, Max not only became intimate with the operations of the dominant drug smuggling network at the time called the Medellín Cartel, but vastly improved upon them. He was responsible for working out the logistics of drug shipments to the United States, arranging flights, locating drop points, scheduling deliveries.
Max also traveled extensively to Colombia where he engaged all the leaders of Medellin Cartel including Pablo Escobar, Jorge Luis Ochoa Vasquez, Jose Gonzalo Rodriguez Gacha and Carlos Lehder. He spent most of his time with Rafa and the Ochoas. Together they worked on transportation routes and developed new techniques so cocaine could be dropped into the ocean in waterproof packaging.
"In '75, '76, '77, the Colombian drug trade was just in its infancy. Within a matter of a few flights, a man was a multi-millionaire and the moneys were invested. Land was purchased." Within just six years, Max had catapulted a multi-million dollar-a-year mom and pop cocaine industry, into a multi-billion dollar-a-year trade.
Because of his unparalleled success, Max was present at high council meetings of the Medellin Cartel; the only American ever allowed to sit with the cartel leaders. Other coronation honors included a Medellin invitation to the baptism of Rafa's youngest son, where all the cartel leaders were present. Embraced as one of their own, his good fortune would not last.
Do This For Us.
After fellow drug trafficker Barry Seal agreed to testify against Jorge Ochoa, reputed leader of the Medellin cartel, Barry was "marked for death". Wanting an American to supervise the job, they turned to Max, the one American they could trust. It was during this time that Max was offered $1 million to kidnap Mr. Seal and $500,000 to kill him. Mermelstein---who spent just two years and 21 days in jail and received a $250,000 bonus for cooperating with the government on one drug case---acknowledged on the stand that he helped plan the contract murder of drug informant Barry Seal in Louisiana. 
Max stalled on the assassination attempt as long as possible, but the heat from both sides became too much. Federal prosecutors say it was the investigation into auto maker John Z. DeLorean's alleged cocaine-dealing activities-charges on which he was ultimately acquitted-that led them to Mermelstein. As a result of the John DeLorean sting and investigation in California, another American pilot who flew for the cartel in California turned informant and led law enforcement directly to Max Mermelstein.
The arrest.
In 1985 Max Mermelstein was arrested while driving near his home in Davie, Florida. In addition to the $20,000 in his glove compartment and .22-caliber Walther, the Federal Government confiscated $1.2 million in cash and property that Mr. Mermelstein had at his arrest. Fred Friedman, a former assistant U.S. attorney who prosecuted Mermelstein in Los Angeles said "When they arrested him, he was driving his Jaguar, and it was like something out of "Miami Vice". The agents surrounded him, and they said it seemed like he had known that he was being surveiled the previous week, and it almost appeared to them like there was a sigh of relief, like he knew it had to happen." 
Later at Mermelstein's home, law enforcement authorities found an assortment of weapons and $250,000 in cash under his bed. Authorities had collected a good deal of incriminating evidence from another drug trafficking informant in California regarding Mermelstein's activities. The cartel refused to provide his million dollar bail, and Max was facing a long prison sentence. He decided to turn informant and make a deal with the DEA.
Witness Protection Program.
Gerald Shur, Godfather of the Witness Protection Program (WITSEC), agreed to an unprecedented thirty-family-member relocation, making it the highest single relocation cost for one witness in the history of the WITSEC. Out of an approved thirty members, sixteen elected to enter. This was the first time the government agreed to protect an entire family group to maintain a witness. 
Max Mermelstein lived under the alias Wes Barclay and worked as chief engineer for the Westgate Vacation Villas in Kissimmee, Fl.
The fallout.
Max began providing witness testimony in the indictments of Carlos Lehder, Rafael Cardona Salazar, Pablo Escobar, Jorge Luis Ochoa Vasquez, and testified against the three Colombians charged with the murder of Barry Seal. 
Mermelstein testified at former kingpin Carlos Lehder's and deposed Former Panamanian leader Manuel Noriega's trials among other work as a witness while in WITSEC from 1987 until his death in 2008. His testimony, amongst others, led to Lehder's imprisonment. 
His testimony helped bring down the Medellin Cartel's distributors in Miami. A three million dollar contract was on his head after he turned informant in 1985 and remained until his death in 2008. Mermelstein has given testimony to grand juries in New Orleans, Miami and Los Angeles. His accounts have led to indictments-and some convictions-of some of the most elusive and powerful drug lords in the world and their lieutenants, the men who operate the cartel in Medellin, Colombia, that is believed responsible for 75% of the cocaine that is shipped into the United States. 
As a direct result of Mermelstein's testimony, indictments were returned against Fabio Ochoa Vasquez, head of the Ochoa family's operations in Medellin; Pablo Escobar Gaviria, a former Colombian senator who headed the Gaviria drug family, and Rafael Cardona Salazar, the elusive drug kingpin who headed the cartel's operations in the United States. Together, the Medellin cartel families are believed to gross an estimated $7 billion a year in the United States.
Kudos.
"Mermelstein is unbelievable as a witness," said Al Winters, a New Orleans federal prosecutor. "I don't know how to express it in any way other than to say I've been doing this for a long time, and he's as good a witness, both in recall and quality of information, as I've ever run into. His connections within the Medellin cartel are the highest." Mermelstein was able to take ledgers written in shorthand unique to the cartel and translate the confusing scrawl into evidence of cocaine sales approaching 2,957 kilos, worth $56 million, said Richard Gregorie, chief assistant U.S. attorney in Miami.
"The real drug war is run through informants, and top-level ones are treated like kings, at least before they testify. Max Mermelstein, the most important witness against the Medellin cartel, drove his handlers nuts with his imperious demands, but he was treated with kid gloves because he was so important to the government. They housed him in a secure location called "the submarine" that had no windows and was situated under a U.S. District Courthouse. When I interviewed Mermelstein in 1987, he demanded that I buy him a speakerphone and a Mont Blanc pen. I bought him the speakerphone."(Jeff Leen, Investigative Journalist) 
Justice Department officials said Mermelstein provided narcotics investigators with some of the best intelligence data on the cartel and its methods. Mermelstein testified at the trial of Manuel Antonio Noriega that the U.S. government has paid him $255,900 in rewards and spent another $414,345 on living expenses for him and his family in exchange for information about former associates in the drug business.
Sentence.
In an unexpected move, U.S. District Judge James M. Ideman ordered Max released on the two years he has served in prison since his arrest, declaring that he was sending "a message to Medellin, Colombia." "I'd like to see the country get the best mileage it can out of Mr. Mermelstein," the judge added. Walsh, who had argued for a 10-year sentence, was originally incensed. "At the time, I thought it was unduly generous," he said last week, a few days after the sentencing. "I've had time in the last few days to think about it, and I think the judge made the right move."
Pop culture.
AssociateJon Roberts' self-proclaimed tale was chronicled in the 2006 documentary "Cocaine Cowboys", an indie hit that spawned a sequel. An HBO series and a film by Paramount Pictures — starring Mark Wahlberg, according to "Variety" — are in the works. 
Documentary producer Alfred Spellman of "Cocaine Cowboys" states on his rak on tur website, "Jeff Leen's book "Kings of Cocaine" led me to Max's book, "The Man Who Made it Snow", which in turn led us to Jon Roberts and Mickey Munday. We had tried to feature Max for "Cocaine Cowboys". I had found out that he was living in Sarasota, Florida. Sgt. Al Singleton of the Miami Dade Police Department arranged for us to speak on the phone twice in late 2003. Max had just testified against Fabio Ochoa in federal court in Miami earlier that year and didn't seem eager to talk to me, so eventually I gave up." 
Jon Roberts states, "Rafa Cardona Salazar was "like a lieutenant and controlled almost every kilo of coke that came into this country from Medellín. One day I came, he had this American guy there and he introduces the American and says, 'This is my compadre. You know I'm not in town a lot, but whatever it is you need, he'll take care of it. Don't worry about it. Max was a trusted person. In the beginning, it was 75 to 100 kilos a week. When you bring somebody a million dollars a week, a bond grows between people. The government had no idea, and honest to God, if it wasn't for Max Mermelstein... They knew nothing.' Mermelstein is one of the most important informants ever used to bring down key figures in the Medellín cartel.
In 2011, Roberts (with co-author Evan Wright) and Munday separately published memoirs about their "Cocaine Cowboys" exploits ("American Desperado" and "Tall Tales", respectively), which mention Merlmelstein.
Death.
Mermelstein died September 12, 2008 at the age 65 in Lexington, Kentucky from cancer of the liver, lung and bone. Since turning informant he had been living under an assumed name in the United States Federal Witness Protection Program.
Max Mermelstein's obituary in the "Frankfort State Journal" was 24 words long and listed him as one year younger than he actually was: "Services for Wesley Barclay, 64, will be held at a later date in Florida. He died on September 12. There will be no visitation."
His eulogy was given by screenwriter Brett Tabor, who had met Max four weeks prior. Mr. Tabor bought Max's life story and has written a screenplay.
Senate Judiciary Hearing.
While still in WITSEC, Mermelstein was questioned during a closed session, by then chairman Senator Joseph Biden at the Senate Judiciary Hearing on the Control of Foreign Drug Trafficking Activities, on August 17, 1989. The hearing was called as William J. Bennett, the Administration's director of drug control policy, was finishing a comprehensive strategy for the nation to fight illicit drugs. The strategy was later announced by President Bush the following month in a televised address. 
An unprecedented security measure was taken to protect the mystery guest, as the hearing room was cleared of the public, press and committee staff. After Federal marshals had seated the witness and placed a screen so that only Senator Biden could see him, others were readmitted. With a three-million dollar contract on his life, Max was flanked by several deputy marshals and spoke through an electronic voice modulator.
Gunning for Max.
As Pablo Escobar went to extreme measures to kill Max Mermelstein, the U.S. Government went to extreme measures to protect him. So much so, that Gerald Shur, creator of The Federal Witness Protection Program, went into hiding in his own program after the F.B.I. arrested a German assassin who confessed he was contracted by Escobar to kidnap Shur's wife in exchange for Max Mermelstein's whereabouts. Gerald Shur and his wife, Miriam, were forced into hiding for a year and a half until Escobar's death.
In Max's Own Words.
" At the time, it seemed like a harmless vice, as far as we were concerned. And the demand in the United States was so great that we just couldn't get it up fast enough. It wound up being the fashionable drug in the early '80s. Lawyers' offices, judges' chambers, movie stars--you name it. In the upper echelon, cocaine was the way to go" (Max Mermelstein)
"The money was rolling in so fast and became such a problem because of its volume and bulk that just to make things go faster, we used to weigh it--you know, quick estimate. We'd separate everything in its own denominations. And one bill, U.S. currency, is approximately a gram. So we'd just package it up, weigh it, get a quick estimate of what we had and when we had time later we'd count it." (Max Mermelstein)
""The FBI won't tell the DEA, the DEA won't tell the FBI and nobody wants to talk to Customs," said Mermelstein, who was convicted in 1986 on drug charges and served two years in federal prison. "Everyone has his own budget priorities."(Max Memelstein)
Other Notes.
Jeff Leen, co-author to the Pulitzer prize-winning book "Kings of Cocaine", devoted an entire chapter to Max and is the only professional reporter to ever interview Mermelstein. Leen is a six-time Pulitzer winner, former "Miami Herald" Chief Investigative Journalist and current assistant managing editor in charge of "The Washington Post" investigations unit.
The news program "60 Minutes" tried five times to feature Max's story but the federal witness protection program would not permit it, as Max's case was too high-profile at the time.

</doc>
<doc id="19473450" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19473450" title="Eri Nitta">
Eri Nitta

Nitta attended and graduated from Fujimino Municipal Fukuoka Junior High School and Saitama Prefectural Fukuoka High School.
History.
Nitta made her first appearance as the fourth member of Onyanko Club in April 1985 with an appearance on the group's Fuji TV variety show "Yūyake Nyan Nyan". While she initially wanted to quit show business soon after starting, she suddenly became the most senior member of the group on April 25, 1985 following the "Shūkan Bunshun" Smoking Scandal in which five members (including the first three members) of Onyanko Club were fired. 
In July of that same year, she made her debut as one of Onyanko Club's lead singers with the song . From that point, she was considered the "face" of Onyanko Club due to her popularity. After graduating from high school, she continued working in the entertainment field and signed with the talent management firm . 
She made her solo debut on January 1, 1986 with the hit single "Winter Opera Glasses", which reached number one on the Oricon charts and sold over 300,000 copies. This was the record for a debut single for a female solo artist until Oricon changed their rules regarding what was considered a "debut" for people who had previously been a member of a group; Yuki Uchida now holds the record for a debut single for a female solo artist. Nitta was given the title "The Million Dollar Smile" on her single covers, and her smile was referred to as the "Nitta Trump", due to the extraordinary price she commanded due to her popularity. She began to regularly release singles and albums from that point.
Just before her solo debut, her father suddenly died of pneumonia on December 24, 1985 after collapsing with a high fever on the set of a movie in Hawaii. During the year following the breakup of Onyanko Club in 1987, as her popularity began to wane, Nitta adopted the pen name of (using kanji different from those used in her real name) and began writing lyrics for her own songs. In March 1990, she retired from the entertainment world after telling people she wanted to become a lyricist. She wrote the lyrics for the songs on her last single. 
In 1994, Nitta released a photo book and essay in which she returned to show business. On August 8, 1996 (just before Fuji TV moved to their present location in Odaiba), a reunion event was held for the "Yūyake Nyan Nyan" TV series. Nitta later married the Fuji TV employee who was in charge of the event.
Together with many of the original members of Onyanko Club, Nitta released the single, in 2002. On December 5 that same year, the newly reunited members performed the title song as well as "Don't Make Me Take Off My Sailor Suit" during the "2002 FNS Kayōsai" event on Fuji TV. Takashi Okamura, one half of the comedy duo Ninety-nine, is a huge fan of Nitta, and she performed in the section of his "Tobukusuri" variety show. Several years later, during the "Fuji TV 24-hour Police" parody segment of the "Mecha-Mecha Iketeru!" variety show, Nitta's husband was "shamefully arrested" as the "Onyanko Thief" (due to his having married Nitta). In a segment for the same show in 1999, Nitta fan and tarento Thane Camus and owarai duo Asarido visited Nitta's home.
Nitta has since worked as an actress, author, and essayist, as well as participating in the Tokyo community radio program "Ginza Radiocity". She has also participated, along with fellow idols such as Toshikazu Fukawa and Chiemi Hori, in programming discussing the 1980s idol star movement. In 2007, she participated in the ōendan for the inauguration of the Kama Burning Heroes, a baseball club started by Rakyō Ide, an owarai performer and member of the talent group Takeshi Gundan. 

</doc>
<doc id="19473454" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19473454" title="Takatsu Station">
Takatsu Station

Takatsu Station may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19473467" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19473467" title="Ralph Miller (third baseman)">
Ralph Miller (third baseman)

Ralph Joseph Miller (February 29, 1896 in Fort Wayne, Indiana – March 18, 1939 in Fort Wayne, Indiana), was a Major League Baseball player who played infielder from -. He would play for the Philadelphia Phillies and Washington Senators.

</doc>
<doc id="19473510" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19473510" title="Mule Shirley">
Mule Shirley

Ernest Raeford "Mule" Shirley (May 24, 1901 in Snow Hill, North Carolina – August 4, 1955 in Goldsboro, North Carolina), was a Major League Baseball player who played first base from -. He both batted and threw left-handed. For the 1924 Washington Senators he logged 100 regular season At bats. He appeared in three games of the 1924 World Series which the Senators won, registering one hit in two At bats, batting in one and scoring once. Shirley attended The University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill from 1921 to 1923 where he was a member of Theta Chi fraternity. He was the son of Octavius Shirley (March 4, 1984 – May 1, 1967) and Anna Shingleton (Shirley) 
(July 18, 1882 – September 30, 1944).

</doc>
<doc id="19473513" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19473513" title="Anisus">
Anisus

Anisus is a genus of small air-breathing freshwater snails, aquatic pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Planorbidae, the ramshorn snails and their allies.
Species.
The genus contains the following species:
subgenus "Anisus"
subgenus "Disculifer" C. Boettger 1944
subgenus ?

</doc>
<doc id="19473518" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19473518" title="Longquan">
Longquan

Longquan () is a county-level city under the administration of in the municipal region of Lishui City in the southwest of Zhejiang Province, People's Republic of China, located on the upper reaches of the Ou River.
The name literally means "Dragon Fountain".
Demographics.
Longquan currently has a population of around 270,000.
There is an "Ethnic Township" set aside for the She-nation minority at Zhuyang (竹垟).
Notable Features.
Longquan is famous locally for its swords and porcelain, both of which are often regarded as the finest in China. The swords made in Longquan (Longquanjian) are famous among martial artists in China. Modern sword production is now led by a workshop named "Shenguanglong" whose sword-making history can be traced back to the twentieth year of Guangxu in the Qing Dynasty. There are several private and state-owned swords-making factories in Longquan. They welcome visitors and the tours are available. However, the tourists must be very careful when buying swords from some of the local factories: even the high price tag specimens can be of a poor quality, especially when it concerns their fittings (e.g., www.lqbj.cn). Equally, Longquan porcelain (Longquanyao) is highly prized among collectors. Longquanyao had 1800 years' history before unfortunately disappearing during the Qing Dynasty.
Industry.
The city has a static inverter plant of HVDC Three Gorges-Changzhou.
Administration.
The city's executive, legislature and judiciary are at Longyuan Subdistrict (龙渊街道), together with the CPC and PSB branches. The other divisions, numbering 2 subdistricts, 8 towns, 7 townships and 1 ethnic township, are as follows:
Subdistricts:
Towns:
Townships:

</doc>
<doc id="19473539" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19473539" title="Kulovo">
Kulovo

Kulovo may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19473562" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19473562" title="Aabid Khan">
Aabid Khan

Aabid Khan is a British man from Bradford, UK who was convicted in August 2008 of being a "terrorist propagandist".
Life.
Khan worked at the "At Tibyan" website, run by Younes Tsouli. "His naivety was combined with a deadly seriousness", and he spoke about setting up a miniature Islamic state in Scotland.
He was accused of "grooming and radicalising" Mohammed Atif Siddique, who was later arrested as he prepared to fly to Pakistan to meet with Khan, and charged with collecting photographs and videos of notable terrorist actions.
Arrest and trial.
Arrested in June 2006 by British authorities, at London Heathrow Airport as he arrived from a flight from Islamabad as PIA Flight 785 from Pakistan International Airlines - Khan asked police if his father would find out about the "incriminating" documents found in his luggage, later after the Toronto 18 youth suspects were arrested.
In 2008, videos of the 2006 Canadian terrorism camps were released as evidence in the trial, allowing Canadian media to work around a publication ban that forbid them from disclosing information gleaned from the ongoing Canadian trial. In August 2008, in a London court, he was sentenced to 12 years in prison for attempting to incite an act of terrorism. American citizens who are involved in the case are Syed Haris Ahmed and Ehsanul Sadequee were convicted in Atlanta, Georgia and were sentenced to 13 and 17 years respectively on terrorism and conspiracy charges.

</doc>
<doc id="19473575" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19473575" title="Małgorzata Birbach">
Małgorzata Birbach

Małgorzata Birbach (born February 17, 1960 in Brodnica, Kuyavian-Pomeranian) is a former female long-distance runner from Poland, who represented her native country at the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona, Spain. She set her personal best (2:28:11) in the classic distance in 1992.

</doc>
<doc id="19473581" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19473581" title="24 Hours in the Life of a Woman (2002 film)">
24 Hours in the Life of a Woman (2002 film)

"24 Heures de la vie d'une femme" is a 2002 film by Laurent Bouhnik, based on the novel "24 Stunden aus dem Leben einer Frau" by Stefan Zweig. The music is by Michael Nyman, and the album is his 45th.

</doc>
<doc id="19473603" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19473603" title="List of Atlanta broadcast stations by location">
List of Atlanta broadcast stations by location

The following broadcast stations in the Atlanta metropolitan area all have radio antennas on the named building or radio tower, or within 100 meters or 330 feet of the summit of the mountain, and are listed with call sign, frequency or channel, community of license, and licensee/owner.
Mountains.
Sweat Mountain.
Sweat Mountain is a small antenna farm, located on the highest point in the core metro Atlanta not protected as a park, at a summit elevation of .
FM TV
There are also long-standing applications (potentially moot) for broadcast translators by Calvary Chapel on 94.5 and 103.7 to serve Woodstock. Another application for a translator on 102.1 by Community Public Radio to serve "Sweat Mountain" (which is not a community) is also listed by the FCC.
There was also a 50 kW transmitter on former TV channel 55 for MediaFLO, a pay TV service that was available on mobile TV. It was part of a single-frequency network across the metro area, all operated under callsign WPZA237 regionally. It was located above ground level of approximately , at , a separate tower from those listed for the other stations above.
Another transmitter on 56 is licensed to Manifest Wireless (EchoStar, like Dish Network) in the same manner: an SFN along with seven other locations in metro Atlanta that each have callsign WQJY980 (though this is different from other markets), and using a separate tower (at the same coordinates as MediaFLO) from the regular broadcast stations on the mountain. A strong ATSC signal is transmitted, but appears to carry only ATSC-M/H.
Stone Mountain.
Located east of Atlanta in Stone Mountain, Georgia, it is owned by the state as part of the privately run Stone Mountain Park. 
FM TV 
Kennesaw Mountain.
The U.S. government and government of Georgia both maintain non-broadcast facilities for internal communications. Its summit is 1808 feet or 550 meters AMSL and is the highest point in the immediate metro area.
Bear Mountain.
Located nearest Waleska, Georgia and Lake Arrowhead, and is the highest point in the expanded metro area at 2297 feet or 700 meters AMSL.
FM TV 
Sawnee Mountain.
Located near Cumming, Georgia.
Buildings.
Westin Peachtree Plaza Hotel.
The tallest in Atlanta when it was built, it has always held multiple stations.
FMTV
Bank of America Plaza.
Replaced the Westin as Atlanta's tallest, and holds LPTV stations and amateur radio repeaters.
SunTrust Plaza (One Peachtree Center).
Atlanta's second-tallest skyscraper.
( FM TV
Perimeter Center.
Located in Dunwoody (on the border with Sandy Springs), atop 1050 Crown Pointe [http://www.crownpointe.com/specs_1050.htm], a mid-rise office building.
FM
Towers.
Turner Broadcasting tower.
Located adjacent to the Downtown Connector, and owned by Turner Broadcasting System, this was a three-leg self-supporting radio tower, on land owned by Comcast. Its city block is bounded by Spring Street on its west, West Peachtree Street on the east, 10th Street on the south, and former 11th Street (now part of the Turner campus) on the north. The adjacent building was gutted (except for the transmitter room), and the tower was to come down within 120 days (October 10) after the analog shutdown (June 12). By August 2010 however, the tower was just beginning to be disassembled, and the WNNX and WWWQ backups had permits to move to the Inman Park tower. Dismantling was finally completed by November 2010.
FM TV
A previous four-leg tower on the same spot was completed in 1949 for then-new WAGA-TV 5, and was later topped with a time-and-temperature sign after WAGA moved and before WJRJ TV 17 came on-air in 1967. Storer Broadcasting owned WAGA, and Storer Cable in Atlanta changed hands to eventually become part of Comcast, which is in turn how the Time Warner station ended-up on its competitor's land.
North Druid Hills.
These are actually two guyed towers immediately west-northwest of where Clifton Road ends at Briarcliff Road, near Emory University and the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. This is sometimes known as the Richland tower site, for the company that owns it. WAGA-TV 27 (5.1) is located just to the south on Briarcliff, on the other side of South Fork Peachtree Creek.
One tower also has an XM Satellite Radio repeater.
Edgewood/Kirkwood.
Located just south of DeKalb Avenue, east of Moreland Avenue (U.S. Route 23 and Georgia 42). Three towers are in the area, with two next to each other at the east end of New Street (a cul-de-sac or roundabout) nearer Edgewood, and one at the south end of Arizona Avenue (a dead end) nearer Kirkwood.
WSTR, WSB, and WVEE may share the same antenna through a diplexer, because they are listed as having nearly the same height.
Inman Park.
Located between Interstate 20 and Memorial Drive east of Boulevard, at south end of Cabbagetown neighborhood of Atlanta, and west of Peoplestown.
FM TV
Freedom Parkway.
This tower is so close to Freedom Parkway that one of its three sets of guy-wires goes over the road. To prevent falling ice in winter, the roadway is covered by a "tunnel" of sorts.
FM TV
Holly Springs.
Bounded by Interstate 575 on the west, old Georgia 5 on the east, and Rabbit Hill Road on the south.

</doc>
<doc id="19473610" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19473610" title="Screwball (disambiguation)">
Screwball (disambiguation)

A screwball is a baseball pitch.
Screwball may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19473622" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19473622" title="Estácio, Rio de Janeiro">
Estácio, Rio de Janeiro

Estácio is a neighborhood in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.
The neighborhood was named after Estácio de Sá, the founder of Rio de Janeiro. The place where samba has started.

</doc>
<doc id="19473635" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19473635" title="Achateny">
Achateny

Achateny () is a hamlet in Argyll on Ardnamurchan in the Scottish Highlands. It is in the Scottish council area of the Highland, near Branault, along a country lane off the B8007 road several hundred metres from the coast. To the east lies the village of Kilmory.
Trees in the area include typical highland birch wood, oaks and rowans and a damp rocky and mossy substrate supporting ferns. Shell sand is also present Achateny with sand dunes. The-low lying land to the west of Achateny is bog. The hamlet contains nothing more than a few scattered dwellings including a white cottage named "Caalmojo".

</doc>
<doc id="19473707" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19473707" title="Madley Communications Centre">
Madley Communications Centre

Madley Communications Centre is British Telecom's earth satellite tracking station, between Madley and Kingstone, Herefordshire, England. It claims to be the largest earth station in the world.
Earth position.
It lies on Colstone Common at . The site dates from 1975 and is in active use for international telephone, fax and television transmission and reception. The station is in the civil parish of Kingstone, although most of the former airfield is in Madley, to the west of the site. A Roman road passes close to the north of the site.
Geology of the area.
The site is in a sheltered rock bowl between the Malvern Hills and the Black Mountains. This allowed the ground to take the weight of the large receiving dishes, but the most important fact was the lack of background electronic noise. What nearby electronic noise there was compared to the strength of heat felt on the Moon from an electric fireplace on Earth.
History.
The site first went into service in September 1978 on the site of the disused World War II airfield RAF Madley, built in 1940.
Structures.
There are sixty five dishes, with three main dishes each having a diameter of 32 metres and weighing 290 tonnes. "Madley 1", the first of the dishes, tracks a satellite about away, positioned over the Equator in geostationary orbit.
Transmissions.
Madley was the first UK satellite site to transmit a fully digital transmission via time division multiple access (TDMA).
Until its closure in 2008, Goonhilly in Cornwall provided a similar role.
Other use of grounds.
The grounds are leased as an educational nature reserve, Madley Environmental Study Centre.

</doc>
<doc id="19473718" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19473718" title="Purity (gas)">
Purity (gas)

The purity of gas is an indication of the amount of other gases it contains. A high purity refers to a low amount of other gases. Gases of higher purity are considered to be of better quality and are usually more expensive.
The purity of gas can be expressed as a percentage value or as a decimal fraction. The decimal fraction is an abbreviation of the percentage value, where the first digit represents the number of nines in the percentage value and the last digit represents the last digit of the percentage value. For example, a purity of 99.97% can be abbreviated as purity 3.7 and a purity of 99.9999% is the same as purity 6.0.

</doc>
<doc id="19473724" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19473724" title="John Pemberton (anthropologist)">
John Pemberton (anthropologist)

John Pemberton is an associate professor of anthropology at Columbia University. He received a Ph.D. from Cornell University. Prior to joining the faculty at Columbia, Pemberton taught at the University of Washington.
Java.
His research interest has primarily been focused on Indonesia and the intersections between history and anthropology. His fieldwork base was in Surakarta in Central Java in the early 1990s at a time when fieldwork was particularly difficult for foreign researchers. In the 1980s and 1990s foreign researchers had been accessing Java more regularly than in previous decades - with Pemberton and fellow Cornell associates tending to focus upon Solo (Surakarta) and its surrounding localities.
His 1994 "On the Subject of "Java"" was published by Cornell University Press and explores the relationship between culture and politics in Java. and was unique in its appraisal of the history of Surakarta, and Java utilising commentary regarding historical and anthropological issues that were being encountered during the era of New Order Indonesia.
Each chapter of the book provide significant commentary that utilise both the "Royal Progress" from Kartasura to Surakarta in 1745 and the parallels with the machinations of Suharto in his last decades in power - chapter one's title indicating the issues involved in his analysis - "Seminal Contradictions: Founding the Palace of Surakarta. The Royal Progress of 1745". When read carefully the book (based on his PhD thesis) provides a critique of the New Order government. Yet this is done in the frame of the examining the posturing and processes of legitimation of power and place by Javanese royalty in the 18th century. The shift from a location known as Kartasura to Surakarta clearly indicates a process of reversing the bad fortune that had occuurred at the previous location.
The detailed explanation in a readily available English monograph publication about the issues surrounding the historical and cultural issues of the creation of Surakarta by Pakubuwana II provided non Javanese with insights that are rarely found outside of Indonesia - either during the New Order era or since. Most relevant materials being in Dutch language, or Indonesian language materials - Pemberton, along with Ward Keeler and Nancy Florida—provided the English-speaking world with insights that provided a valuable window into the culture and history of Java. Their contributions from their publications appear not to have been matched by foreign researchers since.
United States.
Pemberton joined the faculty of Columbia University in 1997 and currently teaches on the history and culture of Indonesia and sociocultural theory. Once married to Professor Nancy Florida, he now lives in New York City with his wife Marilyn Ivy, also an associate professor of anthropology at Columbia who joined in 1997, and their daughter Alice Ivy-Pemberton. Both professors are affiliated with the Weatherhead East Asian Institute; Pemberton is on the Editorial Collective and Ivy is one of the Editors of the academic journal Public Culture.

</doc>
<doc id="19473727" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19473727" title="Ach' An Todhair">
Ach' An Todhair

Ach' An Todhair, a small hamlet on the shore of Loch Linnhe in the Fort William area, is in the Scottish council area of the Highland, Scotland. It is located along the A82 road directly south of Fort William. A bus serves the hamlet, connecting it to Fort William in the north and Corran and Inchree to the south. A number of graves of Clan Campbell are said to be located in this area of the lochside. It is mentioned in a poem in Hugh MacDiarmid's poetry collection "The golden treasury of Scottish poetry" which goes, "the sloucher of them was lying in Ach' an Todhair. Whoso climbed Tom na-h-aire ? Many were the new paws there badly salted, the death-cloud on their eyes, lifeless after being scourged with sword-blades".
A 174.86 hectare area of woodland near the hamlet has been designated as a Site of Special Scientific Interest (SSSI). It was formerly part of the Loche Linnhe SSSI which was established in 1967.

</doc>
<doc id="19473739" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19473739" title="Kevin Rigby">
Kevin Rigby

Kevin Rigby (born 4 July 1942) is a former field hockey player from New Zealand, who was a member of the national men's team that finished ninth at the 1972 Summer Olympics in Munich.

</doc>
<doc id="19473742" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19473742" title="Horton D. Haight">
Horton D. Haight

Horton David Haight (June 20, 1832 – January 19, 1900) was a Mormon pioneer. He first came to Utah at age 14 in 1847 as a member of Daniel Spencer's immigrant company. He was in charge of a freight company that came to Utah Territory in 1859 and led four "down-and-back" companies in the 1860s. These "down-and-back" companies sent wagons and teams from Utah, and brought back new emigrants, their baggage, and nther freight on the return trip.
Life and career.
Haight was born in Moravia, Cayuga County, New York. He was the son of Hector Caleb Haight and his wife, Julia Ann (née Van Orden). The family moved to Illinois in 1837 and joined The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church) in 1845, moving to Nauvoo. He was in the company sent to aid the Latter-day Saints on the trail in coming into Salt Lake City in 1848. In 1857, he served with Lot Smith in delaying the approach of Johnston's Army. 
Haight lived for many years in Farmington, Utah. His wife Louise ("née" Leavitt) Haight was a counselor to Aurelia Spencer Rogers in the first Primary, which was organized in Farmington. Louise Haight also came from a family who had ties to the LDS church. Her father was Weare Leavitt, born at Grantham, New Hampshire, and his wife Phoebe (née Cowles) Leavitt of Claremont, New Hampshire.
Haight served as Davis County sheriff and in the Utah territorial legislature in 1861. 
In 1882, he was sent to Oakley, Idaho by John Taylor, the president of the LDS Church. Haight served there as a bishop until 1887 and then became president of the newly formed Cassia Stake. He served as stake president until his death in 1900. Haight also served as a county commissioner in Cassia County, Idaho.
One of Haight's grandsons was David B. Haight, who became an apostle in the LDS Church.

</doc>
<doc id="19473774" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19473774" title="Frederic C. Howe">
Frederic C. Howe

Frederic Clemson Howe (November 21, 1867 – August 3, 1940) was a member of the Ohio Senate, Commissioner of Immigration of the Port of New York, and published author. He was also president of the League for Small and Subject Nationalities.
He received a bachelors degree from Allegheny College in 1889 and a Ph.D from Johns Hopkins University in 1892. In 1901, he was elected to the City Council of Cleveland, Ohio as a Republican. He ran for relection as an independent, but lost. In 1904, he married Marie Jenney. He studied law at Miami University in Ohio. He is buried in Meadville, Pennsylvania.

</doc>
<doc id="19473778" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19473778" title="Slovakia in the Eurovision Song Contest 1996">
Slovakia in the Eurovision Song Contest 1996

Slovakia entered the Eurovision Song Contest 1996 in Oslo, after being relegated from the 1995 contest.
Slovenská Televízia (STV) selected Marcel Palonder to sing "Kým nás máš" (Until You Have Us) in Oslo, marking their second entry in the contest. The song was composed by Juraj Burian and Jozef Urban.
At Eurovision.
Palonder performed 22nd on the night of the contest, following Bosnia and Herzegovina and preceding Sweden. At the close of the voting it had received 19 points, placing 18th in a field of 23 and giving Slovakia their best result since.

</doc>
<doc id="19473813" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19473813" title="Butch Schmidt">
Butch Schmidt

Charles John "Butch" Schmidt (July 19, 1886 in Baltimore, Maryland – September 4, 1952 in Baltimore, Maryland), was a Major League Baseball player who played infielder from -. He would play for the Boston Braves and New York Highlanders. 
In 1914, Schmidt was a member of the Braves team that went from last place to first place in two months, becoming the first team to win a pennant after being in last place on the Fourth of July. The team then went on to defeat Connie Mack's heavily favored Philadelphia Athletics in the 1914 World Series.

</doc>
<doc id="19473815" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19473815" title="Taquan Air">
Taquan Air

Taquan Air is the operating name for Venture Travel, LLC, an American regional airline based in southeastern region of the U.S. state of Alaska. It operates domestic scheduled passenger and charter services. Its base is Ketchikan Harbor Seaplane Base, which shares the same harbor and airspace as Ketchikan International Airport. As per the United States Department of Transportation in a report dated August 2, 2010, Taquan Air is a "U.S. Certificated Air Carrier", and is 1 of 125 such carriers in the US.
Taquan Air's heyday was in 1997 when they were the largest floatplane company in the world and the second largest air commuter service in Alaska, carrying 243,000 passengers that year. In a continuing effort to grow, they sought FAR part 121 certification, allowing them to carry more than nine passengers on a flight. They achieved certification and began flights in 1998, but the costs of the new venture and economic factors led to the sale of assets and layoffs in 1999. New ownership in 2000 kept the company name alive, and Taquan remains known for their floatplanes.
Taquan Air's flight schedule provides for the delivery of US Mail, and includes service to the fourth-largest island in the US, Prince of Wales Island; and the easternmost town in Alaska, Hyder. An accident in 2007 associated with a raincloud has led to the installation of weather cameras throughout Alaska. Taquan Air, along with other Ketchikan flight services, provides "flightseeing" tours over pristine Misty Fjords National Monument, and bear viewings within the Earth's largest remaining temperate rainforest, Tongass National Forest.
History.
The name "Taquan" is from the Tsimshian language for "village by the sea", and is also associated with the alternate name for Annette Island, Taak'w Aan.
Taquan Air Service Inc..
The airline was established as Taquan Air Service Incorporated in August 1977, and started out flying an air taxi service between Ketchikan International Airport and Metlakatla on Annette Island. By 1989 the company was flying seven airplanes with 45 employees, and by 1997 28 planes with 175 employees.
Kootznoowoo Inc. 50% owner.
1997 was the year that Kootznoowoo Inc., an Alaska Native Village Corporation for Angoon, became 50% owner, and the same year that the company appeared on the cover of Alaska Business Monthly. At that point they were flying to 30 destinations, they had hubs in both Ketchikan and Sitka, and by flying to British Columbia, they had become an international air carrier. Taquan was now the largest floatplane company in the world, and the second largest commuter airline in Alaska, having boarded 243,000 people in 1997.
This was when Taquan decided to expand from FAR 135 air taxi operation to FAR 121 airline operation. After spending a year to become FAR 121 certified, and buying a couple of British Aerospace Jetstream 32's, the new service was branded as AirOne. The mayor of Juneau helped launch the new venture in March by dedicating one of the planes as "The Spirit of Juneau". AirOne commenced operation on June 1, 1998, and began non-stop service from Ketchikan to Juneau. Another route connected Canadian Airlines' hub at Prince Rupert Airport in British Columbia with Alaska Airlines' flights at Ketchikan.
But Taquan Air experienced its first fatal crash with a passenger in August 1998. A new CEO was chosen for Kootznoowoo in July, who had to deal with a "precipitous decline" ("Juneau Empire") in the company's outlook. The new CEO foreshadowed future events with the announcement at the shareholders meeting in October 1998, "there is less capital available for new investments." The costs of FAR 121 certification and a slump in the lumber industry led to the AirOne operation ceasing on February 14, 1999. Taquan Air liquidated assets and closed their Sitka hub.
Kootznoowoo Inc..
Kootznoowoo Inc., acquired full ownership of the company on November 1, 1999, and at the end of December 1999 laid off most or 80 of their workers along with stopping flights to 20 communities. The downsizing at Taquan Air dampened the regional economy. The "Juneau Empire" wrote about the economic effect on Prince of Wales Island (pop. 6000), which is the fourth-largest island in the US, The loss of Taquan flights comes at a bad time for Prince of Wales Island, said Tom Briggs, city administrator for Craig. State ferry service for the island was recently reduced to one day a week to save money. "Without a reasonable transportation base, the island's going to be damaged, the economy's going to be damaged and lifestyle's going to be damaged," Briggs said...Blood samples taken at the clinic must be thrown out if they can't get to the lab in Ketchikan on time...The Craig City Council is asking the governor for assistance in the form of increased ferry service. Flights continued only for government contracts while the ownership looked for a buyer, which occurred in April 2000 (see below). By 2001, Kootznoowoo had divested all of its operating companies, including both the aviation and the timber businesses, and had become a holding company.
Venture Travel LLC.
The general manager for Taquan between 1997 and 2000 had come on board when Taquan acquired the assets of his family's business, Ketchikan Air. He now created a company Venture Travel, LLC. Venture Travel, LLC acquired assets from Taquan in April 2000, including five planes, the name, and the lease in Ketchikan. Taquan Air gained business with U.S. Postal Service contracts for mail routes serving Hyder, Hydaburg, and Behm Canal. Scheduled passenger flights resumed in 2001, also, the airline was awarded the U.S. Forest Service Air Service Contract in both 2000 and 2003 and continues to hold a U.S. Forest Service contract. In October 2007, Taquan moved into a new terminal and hangar building, close to the east terminus of the ferry to the Ketchikan International Airport. The company is now flying to 16 destinations.
Small Business Person of the Year for Alaska, 1990.
Taquan Air first moved into the spotlight in 1990, when the company's growth and development led to the owner's selection as Alaska Small Business Person of the Year, a selection made by the Alaska office of the U.S. Small Business Administration. In May 1990, the owner was honored in Washington, D.C. at the White House.
Medallion Foundation awards and Sen. Ted Stevens.
Taquan Air participated in a voluntary industry effort in Alaska to improve airline safety called the Medallion Foundation awards. Senator Ted Stevens (R, Alaska) was a decorated World War II pilot who later became floatplane qualified, and who was instrumental in establishing and providing congressional support for the Medallion Foundation. By 2009, Taquan was one of seven airlines out of 37 operating in Alaska to receive all five stars in the program. Senator Stevens presented awards to Taquan in 2005 and 2008.
Investigation of Misty Fjords National Monument air-tour-route accident.
On July 24, 2007, a Taquan Air tour flight, operating a float-equipped deHavilland DHC-2 Beaver (N995WA) and carrying the pilot and four passengers from a cruise ship, impacted mountainous terrain with no survivors. An estimate is that in 2007, 900,000 cruise-ship tourists visited Ketchikan. At the time of this accident, Taquan had commitments regarding sightseeing with each of the cruise lines serving Ketchikan. According to the AP, the cruise line that had booked the tourists severed ties with Taquan after the accident for the remainder of 2007.
The National Transportation Safety Board investigated the accident and issued a report on July 31, 2008, finding that the primary cause of the crash was pilot misjudgment, but that inadequate supervision of the flight tour industry in southeast Alaska by the Federal Aviation Administration also contributed to the event. The Board issued four recommendations. The first of these four recommendations, A-08-59, was to install weather cameras on the air tour routes within the Misty Fjords National Monument. Recommendation A-08-60 was to establish monthly ground and en route inspections of air tour flights to observe and enforce safe flying practices. Recommendation A-08-61 was to develop cue-based training for commercial air tour pilots in responding to changing local weather conditions. A-08-62 first needed the completion of A-08-61, and recommended that pilots be required to take the training.
Initial plans were to install 139 weather cameras in Alaska by 2014.
Misty Fjords flightseeing.
Taquan Air is one of several local services to provide air tours of the nearby Misty Fjords National Monument. These flights are associated with the cruise line industry that brings close to a million tourists each Summer to Ketchikan with its 7,000 residents. "Adventure guide Inside Passage and Coastal Alaska" states, "One of the amazing things about floatplanes is just how smooth <takeoffs> are...unless you're looking out the window and see that there isn't a wake from the floats anymore, it's hard to know you're even in the air." The air tour typically takes two to four hours. The tour goes from seashore up into the mountains and back, during which time the floatplane lands on water in a remote area, and tourists step out on the plane's pontoon.
Fleet.
The Taquan Air fleet consists of eight de Havilland DHC-2 Beavers certified under FAR part 135 (Air Taxi Operators and Commercial Operators of Small Aircraft).
Destinations.
Taquan Air operates scheduled service to the following destinations in Alaska (as of February 2011):
Other destinations in Alaska (not on schedule as of June 2009):

</doc>
<doc id="19473874" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19473874" title="Bill Abstein">
Bill Abstein

William Henry Abstein (February 2, 1883 – April 8, 1940), nicknamed "Big Bill", was a professional baseball and amateur soccer player. He played all or part of three seasons in Major League Baseball player, from 1906 to 1910, primarily as a first baseman. He played for the Pittsburgh Pirates and St. Louis Browns.
Abstein spent the 1904-05 St. Louis Association Foot Ball League season with Diel F.C. which was managed by Thomas Cahill. He later played for Memphis Chicks in the Southern League. During those years, he also played soccer as a midfielder for St. Leo's in the St. Louis Soccer League during the off-season.

</doc>
<doc id="19473881" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19473881" title="Wildgoose Lodge Murders">
Wildgoose Lodge Murders

The Wildgoose Lodge Murders refers to the murder of eight people by burning in Wildgoose Lodge, County Louth in 1816. This event inspired works by William Carleton (1794–1869) in a short story from 1830, and by other authors.
Summary.
The Wildgoose Lodge was a farm building in the parish of Tallanstown-Reaghstown in Co. Louth. On the night of 29–30 October 1816, eight people were killed there by burning to death. Those killed included a five-month-old child. Eighteen men, many of them innocent, were executed for this crime.
William Carleton's account.
In 1817 William Carleton went to Killanny, Co. Louth, and for six months acted as tutor in the family of a farmer, Piers Murphy. He then stayed with a parish priest. During this period he came upon the gibbeted corpse of Patrick Devan, the leader of the murderers, a fact that so shocked him that he determined in later life to write an account of the Wildgoose Lodge murders.
William Carleton's account of this incident is important in that it received widespread readership, having been published a number of times, and became the "standard" account of the affair, even among many of those living in the vicinity. Many accepted it as being a true account of the atrocity, although Carleton wrote that it was fiction, based on a true event.
In Carleton's account the murders were perpetrated by an oath-bound rural secret society, the Ribbonmen, the leaders of which were portrayed as evil and demonic. The perpetrators were avenging the execution of three of their comrades hanged for an earlier raid on Wildgoose Lodge the previous April, following information given to the authorities by the owner of the house, Edward Lynch. According to Carleton's account, they showed no mercy in setting the house ablaze and preventing the inmates of the house from escaping the flames, and piked any would-be escapers, including a child, back into the flames.
Following some criticism of his account (for example, he had portrayed the family as being the only Protestant family in the parish, whereas in fact the victims at Wildgoose Lodge were all Catholics) Carleton made some changes to the next published version, in the "Newry Advertiser" in 1833.
The social background.
The land in this part of County Louth on the Monaghan border was good and well suited to tillage and grazing. Most of it belonged to the large Protestant landlords (Roden, Fortescue, Foster, Clermont, Filgate, and others) and it was farmed by tenant farmers, who might have farmed anything from a few acres to hundreds of acres. It should also be mentioned that the landlords were also the magistrates and members of the grand juries for the district, leaders of the yeomanry, and included the Governor and MPs of Louth among their ranks. There were also a number of flax growers and weavers in the area. Dependent upon all of these were the agricultural labourers.
During the Napoleonic wars the economy of the area did well, and exports to Britain steadily increased until 1815. However, from then on a recession set in, evictions and unemployment increased, prices rose and the number of poor in dire straits rose sharply. To add to the woes, the weather in 1816 was exceptionally bad, heavy rains prevented proper harvesting and the potato crop, upon which the poor in particular depended, was neither good nor plentiful. The ensuing poverty and unemployment led to disease and hunger. These factors added to the tensions that already existed between landlord and tenant with regard to grazing, rent disputes, evictions, land-grabbing, paying tithes and so on. The vast majority of Catholics were still disenfranchised, so they could not try to solve their problems politically—even the (Protestant) Irish Parliament had been abolished in 1800.
The increasing poverty and desperation of the less-well-off in particular led to an increase in rural crime at this time. These included warnings to "land-grabbers", land-agents, informers and the like, while better-off farmers were burgled or attacked at night and money or arms stolen. Sometimes these crimes were the result of organised societies such as the Ribbonmen, but more often than not they were gangs composed of locals who saw no other way to protect their interests, or were done out of sheer desperation to avoid starvation.
The increased lawlessness prompted the landlords in County Louth to take action, and most of the county came under a "Preservation Order" in 1816, which gave a free hand to magistrates and an influx of yeomanry to protect law and order. Meanwhile the Governor, John Forster, and landlords such as Lord Roden put increasing pressure on the administration in Dublin Castle to take ever sterner measures to prevent the downfall of law and order and a repeat (as they saw it) of the events of 1798.
Historical evidence.
The prelude to the burning of Wildgoose Lodge was an attempted robbery that occurred there in April 1816. A group of men burst into the house, which was occupied by Edward Lynch and his son-in-law Rooney. They were looking for money and arms, which Lynch denied he had, and broke a loom. A fight started, during which Lynch and Rooney escaped to the loft, and the intruders departed. The following day Edward Lynch decided to report the crime, although according to a report from a parish priest, an apology and payment for the broken loom had been offered to him. Several men were arrested, of which three were recognised by Lynch or Rooney as perpetrators (despite the darkness of the interior of the house). All had alibis given by family members, but were found guilty and hanged.
The following 29 October Wildgoose Lodge was surrounded by about 100 men and set ablaze. The inmates, the Lynch and Rooney family members, and their three servants, died in the blaze. Following this unexpected event, the local community closed ranks. However, one witness was found who said she could identify some of those present – a Mrs. Risly, mother of one of the deceased servants. There was massive collusion between Dublin Castle administrators, a corrupt chief police magistrate, lawyers and landlords in Louth, to bring suspects to trial and prosecution. Although they had suspicions of other perpetrators, to make a case the investigating magistrates needed further witnesses. They found them in the form of two criminals, who, in return for payment, were prepared to swear that they could identify many of those present on the night of the burning.
The first trial to take place was of the alleged leader, a hedge-schoolteacher named Patrick Devan. He had fled to Dublin, where he was arrested. Despite promises of money and freedom from prosecution, he did not co-operate with the authorities. He pleaded not guilty and conducted his own defence, but the result was always a foregone conclusion, and he was found guilty, hanged and gibbeted.
The investigation ended with the trial and execution of a total of 18 men.

</doc>
<doc id="19473894" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19473894" title="Members of the Tasmanian House of Assembly, 1877–1882">
Members of the Tasmanian House of Assembly, 1877–1882

This is a list of members of the Tasmanian House of Assembly between the 1877 elections and the 1882 elections.

</doc>
<doc id="19473904" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19473904" title="George Rohe">
George Rohe

George Anthony "Whitey" Rohe (September 15, 1874 in Cincinnati, Ohio – June 10, 1957 in Cincinnati, Ohio) was an infielder in Major League Baseball from 1901 to 1907. He played for the Baltimore Orioles and Chicago White Sox.

</doc>
<doc id="19473933" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19473933" title="Ed Hahn">
Ed Hahn

William Edgar Hahn (August 27, 1875 – November 29, 1941) was an outfielder in Major League Baseball from 1905 to 1910. He played for the Chicago White Sox and New York Highlanders.
Baseball career.
Hahn, who was born in Nevada, Ohio, started his professional baseball career at the age of 27 in the Cotton States League. In August 1905, he was batting .305 for the New Orleans Pelicans and was purchased by the American League's Highlanders. He got off to a slow start in 1906 and was sold to the White Sox. He became the team's starting right fielder. Hahn batted just .227 for the season but ranked third in the league in walks (72) and hits by pitches (11). His style of play fit right in with the White Sox, who were known as "the Hitless Wonders."
The White Sox won the pennant and faced the heavily favored Chicago Cubs in the 1906 World Series. Hahn, the team's leadoff hitter, was the first batter of the series. He went 0 for 6 during the first two games. In game 3, he was hit in the face by a Jack Pfiester curveball and suffered a broken nose. He walked to the Cook County Hospital, which was a block away, for treatment. The next day, he was back on the field for game 4, wearing a rubber air hose on his nostril. He received "loud and long" cheers from the crowd at his appearance.
After getting hit, Hahn went 6 for 14 (.429) against the Cubs' pitching. He scored two runs in game 5 and two more in game 6 as the White Sox pulled off one of the biggest upsets in World Series history. It was the team's first Series win.
1907 was Hahn's best season in the major leagues. He finished in the league's top five in runs (87) scored, walks (84), and hits by pitches (12), while batting .255. He also led all outfielders with a .990 fielding percentage.
Hahn had another solid year in 1908. However, he hit poorly in 1909 and 1910 and then went down to the minors. In 1911, he was a player-manager for the Mansfield Brownies of the Ohio-Pennsylvania League. He then played five seasons for the Western League's Des Moines Boosters before retiring.
Later life.
Hahn had owned a pottery business during the offseasons. After his baseball days were over, he became a night watchman for a cement company plant in Des Moines, Iowa. He died in 1941.

</doc>
<doc id="19473976" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19473976" title="Woodroffe School">
Woodroffe School

The Woodroffe School is a comprehensive school in Lyme Regis, Dorset, England. It was founded in 1932 by Alban J. Woodroffe, MBE, JP.
History.
The Woodroffe School was the brain-child of Alban J. Woodroffe, MBE, JP, a prominent local landowner and educationalist who, in 1932 supervised the construction of the original building on a magnificent hillside site overlooking the harbour town of Lyme Regis. For the first thirty years the school was a small mixed Grammar School drawing students from a wide rural and coastal area of West Dorset and East Devon. In 1950, a decision was taken to add boarding houses to the school with strong links being formed with Armed Services parents and those working overseas. In 1962 the Grammar School was re-organised into an 11 - 18 mixed Comprehensive School serving two-hundred square miles or so around Lyme Regis. The school continued to take boarders, who were accommodated on three separate sites and in September 1991 became Grant Maintained. Today there are 1000 students on roll (Sixth Form 200) but boarding has been phased out in line with the national decline in demand for places. The school assumed Foundation status in September 1999.
Development between 1999 to 2010.
The school retained most of its pre-grammar school facilities until 2010 when the schools swimming pool was closed and a number of former rooms converted into computer 'IT' suites. There were plans drawn up in the late 90's, following the closure of Allhallows, Rousdon, and other private schools in the area due (mainly to declining pupil numbers in these smaller schools) for newer buildings to be established on 'top pitch' but this never came to anything. A number of the former huts on the site have also been upgraded. It was also during this time that the school also received arts college status.

</doc>
<doc id="19473977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19473977" title="Harvard Business School RFC">
Harvard Business School RFC

The Harvard Business School RFC is a rugby union team based at Harvard Business School in Boston, Massachusetts. The club competes in the New England Rugby Football Union (NERFU) and is composed of graduate students from throughout Harvard University.
History.
HBS Rugby began in the fall of 1963. Prior to the team's founding, the Harvard Business School sporting culture was dominated by softball, bowling, and ping-pong. Dissatisfied with these options, two Scottish MBA students, Jim Johnstone '65 and Morris McInnes '65, founded the HBS Rugby Club. 
Through advertisements, coercion and the promise of female spectators, the first contingent of forty or so interested men began to train at Soldiers Field. Despite the negative advice of the HBS Dean of Students and an attempt to merge the HBS side with the Harvard College side by force, Johnstone and McInnes persevered. The spring 1964 record of 5-2-1 was the harbinger of a glorious tradition of Eastern rugby strength, melding American athletes with the rugby culture of international players.
Since its inception, more than 1000 men have played for HBS Rugby.
HBS Rugby today.
Rugby is the only competitive, extramural team sport at HBS. The team continues to build its legacy of success with a full slate of NERFU games each fall and a spring touring calendar that includes London Business School, a rotating Spring Break tour, and the MBA World Championship at Duke University.
Columbus Day weekend marks an annual gathering of all rugby alumni and current players to celebrate a tradition and renew a bond that few others have had at HBS.
Old Boys.
An Old Boys touring side formally began with a trip to the Freeport Bahamas Easter Festival in 1978. In 2007, the Old Boys traveled to the World Cup Rugby frenzy in France and completed their thirtieth annual tour with two matches in Provence. In 2008, Grand Cayman Island was the scene for rugby plays and stingrays. The Fall of 2011 found us at the World Cup in New Zealand. Spring, 2012, we played in Bermuda. In June, 2013, the OB's travel to France. Other HBS ruggers have also toured the globe and play for various local sides throughout the world.
Sponsorship.
HBS Rugby is supported by The Boston Consulting Group, Harpoon Brewery, Flexpower, and Tommy Doyle's Irish Pub.

</doc>
<doc id="19473982" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19473982" title="Ham Hyatt">
Ham Hyatt

Robert Hamilton Hyatt (November 1, 1884 – September 11, 1963) was a Major League Baseball player who played first base from 1909 to 1918.
Hyatt started his professional baseball career with the Vancouver Beavers of the Northwestern League. In 1908, he hit .323 with 15 home runs; he led the league in hits, home runs, and runs scored. He was purchased by the Pittsburgh Pirates after the season.
From 1909 to 1914, Hyatt served mostly as a pinch hitter for the Pirates. He also had one-year stints for the St. Louis Cardinals and the New York Yankees. After his time in the major leagues ended, Hyatt played in the minors. He spent 1920-1923 with the Pacific Coast League's Vernon Tigers, hitting over .300 each year.

</doc>
<doc id="19474001" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19474001" title="Uprising (novel)">
Uprising (novel)

Uprising is a novel for young people written by Margaret Peterson Haddix and published by Simon & Schuster in September 2007.
Plot.
Bella, newly arrived in New York City from Italy, gets a job at the Triangle Shirtwaist Factory. There, along with hundreds of other immigrants, she works long hours at a grueling job under terrible conditions. Yetta, a coworker from Russia, has been crusading for a union. When factory conditions worsen, workers rise up in a strike. Wealthy Jane learns of the workers and becomes involved with their cause.
Bella and Yetta are at work and Jane is visiting the factory on March 25, 1911, when a spark ignites some cloth and the building is engulfed in fire, leading to one of the worst workplace disasters in history (the Triangle Shirtwaist Factory fire) In the end, only one of the girls lives to tell of the story of her friends and the terrible occurrences of March 25, 1911. 

</doc>
<doc id="19474014" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19474014" title="Swimming at the 1924 Summer Olympics – Men's 400 metre freestyle">
Swimming at the 1924 Summer Olympics – Men's 400 metre freestyle

The men's 400 metre freestyle was a swimming event held as part of the swimming at the 1924 Summer Olympics programme. It was the fourth appearance of the event, which was established in 1908. The competition was held from Wednesday July 16, 1924 to Friday July 18, 1924.
Records.
These were the standing world and Olympic records (in minutes) prior to the 1924 Summer Olympics.
In the first heat Ralph Breyer set a new Olympic record with 5:22.4 minutes, only to be bettered in the third heat by Johnny Weissmuller who set a time of 5:22.2 minutes. Weissmuller improved this record to 5:13.6 minutes in the semi-finals and finally to 5:04.2 minutes in the final.
Results.
Heats.
The fastest two in each heat and the fastest third-placed from across the heats advanced.
Heat 1
Heat 2
Heat 3
Heat 4
Heat 5
Semifinals.
The fastest two in each semi-final and the faster of the two third-placed swimmer advanced to the final.
Semifinal 1
Semifinal 2

</doc>
<doc id="19474019" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19474019" title="Ted Cather">
Ted Cather

Theodore Physick Cather (May 20, 1889 in Chester, Pennsylvania – April 9, 1945 in Elkton, Maryland), was a Major League Baseball player who played outfielder from -. He would play for the St. Louis Cardinals and Boston Braves.
In 1914, Cather was a member of the Braves team that went from last place to first place in two months, becoming the first team to win a pennant after being in last place on the Fourth of July.

</doc>
<doc id="19474055" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19474055" title="Gauss circle problem">
Gauss circle problem

In mathematics, the Gauss circle problem is the problem of determining how many integer lattice points there are in a circle centred at the origin and with radius "r". The first progress on a solution was made by Carl Friedrich Gauss, hence its name.
The problem.
Consider a circle in R2 with centre at the origin and radius "r" ≥ 0. Gauss' circle problem asks how many points there are inside this circle of the form ("m","n") where "m" and "n" are both integers. Since the equation of this circle is given in Cartesian coordinates by "x"2 + "y"2 = "r"2, the question is equivalently asking how many pairs of integers "m" and "n" there are such that
If the answer for a given "r" is denoted by "N"("r") then the following list shows the first few values of "N"("r") for "r" an integer between 0 and 10:
Bounds on a solution and conjecture.
The area inside a circle of radius "r" is given by π"r"2, and since a square of area 1 in R2 contains one integer point, the expected answer to the problem could be about π"r"2. In fact it should be slightly higher than this, since circles are more efficient at enclosing space than squares. So in fact it should be expected that
for some error term "E"("r"). Finding a correct upper bound for "E"("r") is thus the form the problem has taken.
Gauss managed to prove that
Hardy and, independently, Landau found a lower bound by showing that
using the little o-notation. It is conjectured that the correct bound is
Writing |"E"("r")| ≤ "Cr""t", the current bounds on "t" are
with the lower bound from Hardy and Landau in 1915, and the upper bound proved by Huxley in 2000.
In 2007, Sylvain Cappell and Julius Shaneson deposited a paper in the arXiv claiming to prove the bound of "O"("r"1/2+ε).
Exact forms.
The value of "N"("r") can be given by several series. In terms of a sum involving the floor function it can be expressed as:
A much simpler sum appears if the sum of squares function "r"2("n") is defined as the number of ways of writing the number "n" as the sum of two squares. Then
Generalisations.
Although the original problem asks for integer lattice points in a circle, there is no reason not to consider other shapes or conics, indeed Dirichlet's divisor problem is the equivalent problem where the circle is replaced by the rectangular hyperbola. Similarly one could extend the question from two dimensions to higher dimensions, and ask for integer points within a sphere or other objects. If one ignores the geometry and merely considers the problem an algebraic one of Diophantine inequalities then there one could increase the exponents appearing in the problem from squares to cubes, or higher.
The primitive circle problem.
Another generalisation is to calculate the number of coprime integer solutions "m", "n" to the equation
This problem is known as the primitive circle problem, as it involves searching for primitive solutions to the original circle problem. If the number of such solutions is denoted "V"("r") then the values of "V"("r") for "r" taking small integer values are 
Using the same ideas as the usual Gauss circle problem and the fact that the probability that two integers are coprime is 6/"π"2, it is relatively straightforward to show that
As with the usual circle problem, the problematic part of the primitive circle problem is reducing the exponent in the error term. At present the best known exponent is 221/304 + "ε" if one assumes the Riemann hypothesis. Without assuming the Riemann hypothesis, the best known upper bound is
for a positive constant "c". In particular, no bound on the error term of the form 1 − "ε" for any "ε" > 0 is currently known that does not assume the Riemann Hypothesis.

</doc>
<doc id="19474059" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19474059" title="Elton vs. Simon">
Elton vs. Simon

Elton vs. Simon is a German re-make of the Canadian show Kenny vs. Spenny. 
Plot.
Like Kenny and Spenny, "Elton" and "Simon" are friends who share an apartment and fight each other in unusual competitions. The winner of a competition is allowed to think out some kind of unpleasant task called "Bestrafung" (Punishment) the loser has to perform. In Kenny vs. Spenny, this part is called "Humiliation".
Seasons 1 and 2.
Seasons 1 and 2 of "Elton vs. Simon" were very similar to the original format "Kenny vs. Spenny". It had almost the same opening credits (only the heads of Kenny and Spenny were replaced with those of Elton and Simon) and most of the competition ideas were adopted from the original series. Like this, two seasons with a total of 15 episodes were produced and aired in 2005 and 2006.
Season 3.
In 2008 a third season was produced. The concept of the series was slightly changed and it was renamed "Elton vs. Simon - Die Live-Show". Instead of having one competition per episode, Elton and Simon had to do several mini-competitions. The first one to win four competitions was the overall winner. Some of the competitions and the punishment were performed in front of an audience.
Episodes.
aall motorists caught speeding in Germany are registered in Flensburg

</doc>
<doc id="19474072" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19474072" title="Lee King (outfielder, born 1892)">
Lee King (outfielder, born 1892)

Lee King (December 26, 1892 in Hundred, West Virginia – September 16, 1967 in Shinnston, West Virginia), was a Major League Baseball outfielder. He played seven seasons in the majors, from -, for the Pittsburgh Pirates, Philadelphia Phillies, and New York Giants.

</doc>
<doc id="19474091" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19474091" title="Qaraqocalı">
Qaraqocalı

Qaraqocalı or Karagodzhaly or Karagadzhaly may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19474101" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19474101" title="Bill Cunningham (outfielder)">
Bill Cunningham (outfielder)

William Aloysius Cunningham (July 30, 1894 in San Francisco, California – September 26, 1953 in Colusa, California), was a Major League Baseball player who played outfielder from -. He would play for the Boston Braves and New York Giants.

</doc>
<doc id="19474107" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19474107" title="Super Hits (Brooks &amp; Dunn album)">
Super Hits (Brooks &amp; Dunn album)

Super Hits is a 1999 compilation album by Brooks & Dunn. It is part of a series of similar Super Hits albums issued by Sony BMG, the parent company of Brooks & Dunn's label, Arista Nashville.
Critical reception.
"Super Hits" received three out of five stars from Stephen Thomas Erlewine of Allmusic. Erlewine concludes that the album is "entertaining," although most fans would be "better-served by the definitive "Greatest Hits"."
Chart performance.
"Super Hits" peaked at #43 on the U.S. "Billboard" Top Country Albums chart.

</doc>
<doc id="19474114" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19474114" title="Riaz Ahsan">
Riaz Ahsan

Dr. Prof. Riaz Ahsan (25 December 1951 – 8 September 2008) was a Pakistani statistician and mathematician who has worked in applied statistics, applied analysis, applications of special functions. He was a noted professor of applied statistics in University of Karachi, Karachi. Previously, he has served as the president of Sindh Professors and Lecturers’ Association (SPLA). Prof. Riaz Ahsan was born on 25 December 1951 and he died on 8 September 2008.
Education and career.
Born in Karachi, Ahsan had his initial education at the BYJ School, Karachi, and completed his intermediate from Adamjee Government Science College, Karachi. He received his B.Sc. (Hons) in Statistics and Mathematics. He did his M.Sc with distinctions in Statistics and M.A. in Mathematics with honors from Karachi University. Later, he received his double Ph.D. in applied statistics and applied mathematics from the same alma mater in 1974.
Academic career.
In 1975, he started his career from DJ Science College, Karachi. He also served as the president of Sindh Professors and Lecturers Association (SPLA) that works for the betterment of professors and lecturers in the province of Sindh. In 1982, he went to Nigeria on deputation and taught statistics and mathematics at the University of Nigeria, Nsukka. Upon his return continued as a teacher at the Government Degree Science College, Karachi, from where he was later transferred to Saint Patrick's College, Karachi. In early 1990s, Ahsan joined Karachi University as a full professor of statistics and mathematics and continued his career till his death.
Death.
Dr. Ahsan was diagnosed with cancer in one of his legs in 2004 and was on medication since then. He recovered for a while and participated in many campaigns launched by the SPLA and fell ill again in 2008, never to recover.
Registrar Prof. Raees Alvi paid him the following tribute: “He was a wise man who always guided teachers in the right direction. He always searched for development and never had any prejudice. He always worked for the promotion of merit. This great man always fought for the rights of teachers and I would call it an irreparable loss for all of us.”
""The void he left behind can never be filled. It is a huge loss for SPLA and we would never get a personality like him in future"". SPLA Senior Vice-President Manzoor Hussain Chishti said.
Family.
His father, Professor Syed Zaheer Ahsan, was a professor of Geography at Karachi University.

</doc>
<doc id="19474139" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19474139" title="Homer Peel">
Homer Peel

Homer Hefner Peel (October 10, 1902 in Fort Sullivan, Texas – April 8, 1997 in Shreveport, Louisiana), was a Major League Baseball player who played outfielder from -. He would play for the St. Louis Cardinals, Philadelphia Phillies, and New York Giants.

</doc>
<doc id="19474147" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19474147" title="1998 Buenos Aires Grand Prix">
1998 Buenos Aires Grand Prix

Results from the 1998 Buenos Aires Grand Prix held at Buenos Aires on November 8, 1998, in the Autódromo Oscar Alfredo Gálvez.

</doc>
<doc id="19474155" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19474155" title="Bill DeLancey">
Bill DeLancey

William Pinkney DeLancey (November 28, 1911 in Greensboro, North Carolina – November 28, 1946 in Phoenix, Arizona), was a Major League Baseball catcher. He played four seasons in the majors between and for the St. Louis Cardinals.

</doc>
<doc id="19474157" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19474157" title="Laugh in the Fast Lane">
Laugh in the Fast Lane

Laugh in the Fast Lane is a comedy album by The Bob and Tom Show, which was first released in May 1993. It is a single disc CD which represents original material recorded during their daily radio show and other studio numbers which had not been previously presented on air.

</doc>
<doc id="19474176" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19474176" title="Martin Jágr">
Martin Jágr

Martin Jágr (born 29 September 1979 in Prague) is a Czech rugby union footballer. He is nicknamed "Jaguar". His position on the field is on the wing. Jágr is usually considered one of the best rugby union players from his country.
He was first noticed at Sparta Prague, in the Czech Republic, where he played from 1997/1998 to 1999/2000, winning two titles of National Champion, within the first two seasons. Jágr was then assigned for the Welsh team of Pontypool RFC, staying an entire season. The Czech wing then moved to Toulon, at that time in the French Rugby Pro D2, where he played through the 2008–09 season. He played for Toulon teams that won the Pro D2 crown in 2005 and 2008. After a 2008–2009 season that saw Toulon flirt with relegation before a late-season surge brought them to safety, he was one of many players released from the team. Jágr then signed with Pro D2 side Bordeaux-Bègles.
He had 8 caps for Czech Republic, scoring 1 try, 5 points in aggregate.

</doc>
<doc id="19474181" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19474181" title="Byrd Lynn">
Byrd Lynn

Byrd "Birdie" Lynn (March 13, 1889 – February 5, 1940), was a Major League Baseball catcher from -. During that time, he played for the Chicago White Sox and was the back-up to Hall of Fame catcher Ray Schalk.
In 116 games, Lynn had 211 career at-bats, with 50 hits, for a .237 batting average. He won American League pennants with the White Sox in 1917 and 1919.

</doc>
<doc id="19474185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19474185" title="The Times Square Building">
The Times Square Building

229 West 43rd Street, formerly known as The New York Times Building, is an American 18-story () office building, located at 229 West 43rd Street in the Times Square neighborhood of the Manhattan borough of New York City, New York. It was the headquarters of "The New York Times" newspaper from 1913 through 2007.
Construction and expansions.
The building was built in three stages between 1912 and 1937. It was originally designed by Mortimer J. Fox, of the firm Buchman & Fox, and called the New York Times Annex because it was designed to supplement the One Times Square Times Tower, built in 1905 at Broadway and 42nd Street (which gives Times Square its name). 
From 1930 to 1932, architect Albert Kahn designed a further expansion to the west including a second lobby and roof-top studio. Further expansions included a 12-story New York Times North building adjoining it to the north on 44th Street.
Sale and post-New York Times use.
The New York Times Company sold the building in 2004 to Tishman Speyer Properties for $175 million. Tishman sold it to Africa Israel Investments in 2007 for $525 million. 
, Africa Israel was in the midst of a $175 million renovation including adding a new sign on the top and replacing a digital clock in place since 1962 with an analog version. Africa Israel officially calls it "The Times Square Building". 
Since 2009, the basement has housed Discovery TSX.
Since April 2013, the 5th floor has housed MongoDB Inc. (formerly 10gen), a database company.
Yahoo! will be moving its New York location to the building by the end of 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="19474188" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19474188" title="Kobee">
Kobee

Kobee (Korean: 코비, Japanese: コビー) is a South Korean jet hydrofoil ferry line that operates services between Busan, South Korea and Fukuoka, Japan. Miraejet operates the ferry line.

</doc>
<doc id="19474200" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19474200" title="Ciliary">
Ciliary

Ciliary may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19474206" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19474206" title="Pilgrimage (2001 film)">
Pilgrimage (2001 film)

Pilgrimage is a 2001 documentary film by Werner Herzog. Accompanied only by music the film alternates between shots of pilgrims near the tomb of Saint Sergei in Sergiyev Posad, Russia and pilgrims at the Basilica of Guadalupe in Mexico. The score was composed by John Tavener and performed by the BBC Symphony Orchestra with vocal accompaniment by Parvin Cox and the Westminster Cathedral Choir. The film begins with an opening quote by Thomas à Kempis which is a fake quote invented by the filmmaker himself.

</doc>
<doc id="19474216" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19474216" title="Art and Upheaval">
Art and Upheaval

Art and Upheaval: Artists on the Worlds’ Frontlines, by William Cleveland, with a foreword by Clarissa Pinkola Estés, is a nonfiction book released by New Village Press in August 2008. The book documents artists in six parts of the world who have been working to rebuild peace and the culture of their communities following major social trauma. In Australia, Cambodia, Northern Ireland, South Africa, Watts California and Serbia/Bosnia, these cultural workers used their art to respond to civil wars, dictatorship, and other political oppression specific to their locations and situations. Their works expand the definition of community-based art--“the creative expression that emerges from communities of people working together to improve their individual and collective circumstances”— and offer answers to the question the author poses in his introduction, “Can art save lives?”
"Art and Upheaval" illustrates how opposing forces in the same community can come together under the umbrella of art for the purpose of social, political and economic change. All artists featured in the book play the role of activist in addition to art-maker, and the book tells the story of the challenges they faced as a result of remaining committed to their projects, their art and their communities. Many received violent threats to themselves and to their families, ostracism and imprisonment, while helping their communities heal.
Featured artists include The Watts Prophets of Los Angeles, California; DAH Teatar, a theater group of the former Yugoslavia; Trevor Jamison, Australian Aboriginal storyteller, writer and actor; Walter Kefu Chakela, South African playwright; Kim Berman, facilitator and print-maker; Ly Daravuth, Cambodian facilitator and artist; and numerous artists involved in the Community Arts Forum in Belfast, a center aimed “to provide greater access to the arts to all people in Northern Ireland.”
Author William Cleveland spent eight years documenting the communities profiled in this book and provides direct expressions of the artists through visuals, poetry and theater, as well as contextual histories that span the past half century. Art and Upheaval is his second major title and the tenth to be published by New Village Press, a non-profit publisher specializing in works about grassroots community development and community-based art.
The Publisher.
New Village Press is a nonprofit publisher based in Oakland, CA, specializing in works of community building and cultural development at the grassroots level. Publications address topics in the field of community development, such as community-based arts, neighborhood commons, urban ecology, restorative justice, and green-collar jobs. The Press crosses boundaries between academic and informal education and professional disciplines.
Authors include neighborhood commons activist Karl Linn, community cultural development specialist Arlene Goldbard, and award-winning cartoonist Keith Knight. New Village Press was recognized as the Best Small Publisher in the East Bay, 2006, by East Bay Express and is a national publishing project of Architects/ Designers/ Planners for Social Responsibility (ADPSR), an educational non-profit organization founded in 1982. Consortium Book Sales & Distribution distributes their books in the U.S. and Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="19474231" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19474231" title="Simon Mannix">
Simon Mannix

Simon James Mannix (born 10 August 1971 in Lower Hutt, New Zealand) is a former rugby union footballer who now serves as backs coach for Munster. Mannix played one test for the All Blacks against France in 1994. He was educated at St Patrick's College, Silverstream.
Career.
Playing.
As a player he played for Wellington, Wellington Hurricanes, Sale Sharks, Gloucester Rugby and Racing Métro 92. He made eight appearances, including one test match, for New Zealand between 1991 and 1994.
Coaching.
He was Backs coach for Racing Metro from 2006 until December 2011, when he was dismissed. He was part of the management team that gained the club promotion to the Top 14 in 2009. In 2012 Mannix was appointed backs coach of Munster on a two year contract from the 2012-13 season under new head coach Rob Penney 

</doc>
<doc id="19474234" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19474234" title="Paddy O'Connor">
Paddy O'Connor

Patrick Francis O'Connor (August 4, 1879 in County Kerry, Ireland – August 17, 1950 in Springfield, Massachusetts), was a Major League Baseball player who played catcher from to . He would play for the Pittsburgh Pirates, St. Louis Cardinals, New York Yankees, and Pittsburgh Rebels. 

</doc>
<doc id="19474239" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19474239" title="Shaun Batt">
Shaun Batt

Shaun Anthony St Patrick Batt (born 22 February 1987) is an English footballer who plays as a winger or a striker for League One club Leyton Orient.
Career.
Batt signed for Fisher Athletic on 26 June 2007 from Dagenham & Redbridge. He went on to make 33 appearances in the Conference South during the 2007–08 season.
He made his debut for Peterborough United, at home to Tranmere Rovers, in the 2–2 draw in League One on 20 September 2008. Batt joined Millwall on loan in January 2010, until the end of the 2009–10 season. He scored on his debut against Southend United on 26 January, in the 2–0 win for the Lions. Batt signed a permanent three-year contract with Millwall for an undisclosed fee on 15 June 2010. He was unable to play a competitive game for Millwall for 18-months after his transfer as he was plagued by a serious knee injury during a pre-season friendly. Batt's recovery took a set-back after being forced to have further surgery in January 2011 due to a build up of scar-tissue. After a long recovery period, Shaun played his first competitive game as a permanent Millwall player on 7 January 2012, when he came on as a substitute against Dagenham & Redbridge in the FA Cup Third Round. After failing to secure a place in the first team, Batt was sent out on an initial 36-day loan to Football League Two side Crawley Town, returning to Millwall on 7 April to feature in the club's remaining games.
The following season, with five strikers fighting for a place in the team, by the start of 2013 Shaun had only made 11 appearances in all competitions. Batt moved on loan to League One club Leyton Orient on 31 January 2013, going on to make 13 appearances for the club in all competitions, scoring three goals. He was recalled by Millwall on 8 April, featuring 8 more times by the end of the season. Orient boss Russell Slade praised Batt: ""He's been a real success during his time here and aside from some terrific performances on the pitch he has been an excellent figure in and around the changing room.""
Batt was released by Millwall at the end of his three-year contract in mid June 2013 and signed for Leyton Orient, where he had been playing on loan, on a two-year contract on 24 June 2013.
On 3 September 2013 Batt scored his first career hat-trick in Orient's 3–1 win at Gillingham in the Football League Trophy. He mostly featured as a substitute before squad injuries meant he became a regular starter in the Orient team, and he had scored nine goals in 26 appearances before the end of 2013. However, in the 2–1 league win at Gillingham on 26 December, he suffered a hamstring injury that was expected to rule him out for up to four months.
Personal life.
His brother Damian is also a professional footballer.

</doc>
<doc id="19474254" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19474254" title="1920 Histadrut election">
1920 Histadrut election

Elections to the first congress of the Zionist trade union centre Histadrut were held in 1920 (the congress itself convened on December 4, 1920). In total 4433 of about 7000 Jewish workers in Palestine participated. The election was marred by irregularities, and the Jewish Socialist Workers Party (MPSI) protested against the 'fradulent behaviour' of the dominant parties after the election.

</doc>
<doc id="19474270" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19474270" title="Şahbəyli">
Şahbəyli

Şahbəyli or Shakhbeyli or Shebali or Shebaly may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19474278" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19474278" title="James A. Toronto">
James A. Toronto

James Albert Toronto (born 1951) is a professor of Arabic language and Islamic religion at Brigham Young University (BYU). He was previously a professor of comparative religion at the same institution. 
Biography.
Toronto was born in Indio, California to Robert F. Toronto. James Toronto is a descendant of the early Latter-day Saint missionary in Italy, Joseph Toronto. As a young man, Toronto also served a mission in Italy.
Toronto received his BA in English with minors in history and Italian from BYU. He then received his MA and PhD in Islamic and Arabic Studies from Harvard University. 
Besides being a faculty member at BYU, Toronto has served as assistant director of BYU's David M. Kennedy Center for International Studies and for three years was the director of BYU's Center for Cultural and Educational Affairs in Amman, Jordan.
Toronto has written several articles on The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints in both Italy and the Middle-East. He also edited and annotated the journals of Joseph Wilford Booth, which were published in 2004.
Toronto is married to the former Diane Gillett. They are the parents of two children.
Toronto is a Latter-day Saint. He was the president of the Provo Utah Sharon East Stake from 1999 to 2007. Toronto was the president of the church's Italy Catania Mission from 2007 to 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="19474298" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19474298" title="Lashes (disambiguation)">
Lashes (disambiguation)

Lashes are whip strokes on the human body.
Lashes may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19474322" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19474322" title="Weight Loss (The Office)">
Weight Loss (The Office)

"Weight Loss" is the collective name for the first and second episodes of the fifth season of the American comedy television series "The Office", and the show's 73rd and 74th episodes overall. Written by Lee Eisenberg and Gene Stupnitsky, and directed by Paul Feig, the episode first aired as a single 60 minute show in the United States on September 25, 2008 on NBC. "Weight Loss" guest stars Amy Ryan as Holly Flax, Dale Raoul as Ronni, and Rich Sommer as Alex. 
The series—presented as if it were a real documentary—depicts the everyday lives of office employees in the Scranton, Pennsylvania, branch of the fictional Dunder Mifflin Paper Company. In this episode, the whole office participates in a company-wide weight loss contest. Pam (Jenna Fischer) is in New York City for art school, which causes her and Jim to have to adjust to being temporarily apart. An awkward tension between Michael (Steve Carell) and Holly (Ryan) develops after she accepts a date with another man. Meanwhile, Angela (Angela Kinsey) and Dwight (Rainn Wilson) continue their secret relationship despite that Angela's wedding to Andy nears.
Plot.
The office partakes in a company-wide weight loss competition, with the prize of extra vacation days being the reward for the winning branch. Initially enthusiastic, the competition eventually weighs on the staff, especially Kelly Kapoor (Mindy Kaling) who stops eating and tries numerous diets, eventually passing out during one weigh-in. Corporate responds with a memo that staff should not resort to drastic weight loss measures. The Scranton branch ends up losing the competition, although Stanley Hudson (Leslie David Baker) is proud of his individual results. 
Pam Beesly (Jenna Fischer) begins a three-month graphic design class in New York. Wanting to see her, Jim Halpert (John Krasinski) meets Pam for lunch at an interstate rest stop between Scranton and New York City. He proposes to her outside in the pouring rain, and she accepts ecstatically.
Plotting his return to the company, Ryan Howard (B. J. Novak) apologizes to various people around the office for his past behavior. Most notably, he apologizes and then proceeds to ask out his former girlfriend Kelly Kapoor (Mindy Kaling), only to be rejected when she tells him that she is dating Darryl Philbin (Craig Robinson).
Holly Flax (Amy Ryan) yells at Angela Martin (Angela Kinsey) for chastising Kevin Malone (Brian Baumgartner), still believing he is mentally retarded. He awkwardly reveals he is not retarded, and an embarrassed Holly apologizes and walks away. Holly continues to show interest in Michael Scott (Steve Carell), now with a David Brent style goatee, until she catches him talking to a pregnant Jan Levenson (Melora Hardin). Holly then goes out on a date with Oscar's yoga instructor, and buys Counting Crows tickets as a surprise for their next date. When he never calls her, Michael berates the yoga instructor to Holly's pleasure, then offers to buy the tickets from her only to tear them up.
Phyllis Lapin-Vance (Phyllis Smith) takes over the Party Planning Committee by blackmailing Angela with her knowledge of Angela and Dwight's secret affair. After Angela shoots down all of Andy's wedding ideas, she warms up to him until he tells her that he booked his a cappella band to play at their wedding.
Toby Flenderson (Paul Lieberstein) is briefly seen in a Costa Rican hospital due to a neck injury while zip-lining.
Reception.
In the 18-49 demographic, "Weight Loss" earned a 4.9/11 ratings share. The episode was watched by 9.1 million viewers.
Jim's proposal to Pam ranked number 2 in "phillyBurbs.com"'s top ten moments from the fifth season of "The Office". Dwight and Angela carrying on their affair in the hidden corner of the warehouse during business hours ranked number 7 on that list. Writer Jen Weilgus described Dwight's line, "We done good in there, Half Pint," as the best quote of the season. Ryan's return as a temp in this episode, tied with his second return appearance in the episode "Dream Team", ranked number 5 in the list. Travis Fickett of IGN claims, "It's another terrifc mix of character and comedy is perfectly balanced." At the end of the article he says that, "The Office remains one of the funniest, best written, best performed and one the best shows of TV. Period." "Weight Loss" was voted the second highest-rated episode out of 26 from the fifth season, according to an episode poll at the fansite "OfficeTally"; the episode was rated 8.92 out of 10.

</doc>
<doc id="19474336" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19474336" title="Collen Makgopela">
Collen Makgopela

Collen Makgopela (born 26 October 1985 in Brits) is a South African football midfielder for Premier Soccer League club Platinum Stars and his previous club was Arcadia Shepherds.

</doc>
<doc id="19474343" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19474343" title="First Presbyterian Church (Lynn Haven, Florida)">
First Presbyterian Church (Lynn Haven, Florida)

The First Presbyterian Church, built in 1911, is an historic 
Carpenter Gothic style Presbyterian church located at 810 Georgia Avenue in Lynn Haven. Bay County, Florida.
In 1989, the First Presbyterian Church was listed as the Lynn Haven Presbyterian Church in "A Guide to Florida's Historic Architecture", published by the University of Florida Press. The listing described the church building as an "interesting architectural study in scale and massing."
First Presbyterian is still an active church in the Presbytery of Florida. Dan Mitchell is its current pastor.

</doc>
<doc id="19474365" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19474365" title="Quşlar">
Quşlar

Quşlar or Kushlar may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19474370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19474370" title="Collingwood Hughes">
Collingwood Hughes

Collingwood James Hughes (31 January 1872 - 25 March 1963) was a British Conservative Party politician.
Early life.
Born in New Brompton, Chatham, Kent, Hughes was the son of William Collingwood Hughes, a clerk at Chatham Dockyard and Fanny Agnes "née" Fynmore daughter of a Royal Marines officer. He was educated at Plymouth Grammar School and King's College London. In 1899 he married Lilian Crocker of Plymouth, with whom he had two daughters.
He moved to Cape Colony, where he was principal of the Civil Service College, Cape Town 1901–1909 and private political secretary to businessman and politician Abe Bailey from 1909 – 1910. He was also a political organiser with the British Empire League and a lecturer at the Cape Town Branch of the Navy League. In 1905 he joined the part-time Royal Naval Volunteer Reserve where he served as a paymaster until 1909. 
With the outbreak of the First World War, Hughes enlisted in the South West African Expeditionary Force in 1914. In 1915 he rejoined the Royal Naval Volunteer Reserve where he reachhed the rank of Paymaster Lieutenant Commander by the end of the war.
Politics.
Hughes returned to the United Kingdom, unsuccessfully contesting the south London constituency of Peckham at the 1918 general election as an independent candidate. He became a lecturer with the publicity department of the "Daily Mail" in 1922. Hughes joined the Conservative Party, and contested the 1922 general election, and succeeded in winning the Peckham seat for the party. He held the seat when a further general election was held in 1923, and became the parliamentary chairman of the Entertainment Tax Abolition League.
In October 1924 a vote of censure in the House of Commons led to the fall of the First Labour Government. However, Hughes surprised his party colleagues by voting with the government. He later explained his actions:
"I listened with great interest to the statements made by each of these right honourable gentleman (Ramsay Macdonald and Sir Patrick Hastings), and I considered these statements perfectly fair, candid, unequivocal and illuminating. I accepted them in their entirety, as coming not only from two right honourable members of the House of Commons in their personal capacity, but from two gentlemen holding the high and responsible offices of Prime Minister and Attorney General of the realm of Great Britain." <br>
"If ever the time arrives when the considered statements, made under such grave circumstances, of two gentlemen holding such exalted offices must be doubted, then is this country the end of all political honour and integrity is at hand."<br>
"By accepting the statements and voting with the government I claim to have acted in the highest national interest, instead of surbordinating those interests to what, on this occasion, I consider to be contemptible party tactics." 
Following the fall of the government, a general election was called, but Hughes did not defend his seat. In March 1925 he contested the London County Council elections as an independent, but was not elected.
Later life.
In June 1925 he was declared bankrupt, emerging from the bankruptcy in August 1927.
In August 1929 Hughes was involved in a major controversy whilst a passenger on board the liner "S S Bendigo" sailing from Cape Town to Perth, Western Australia. The ship carried large numbers of emigrants travelling from the United Kingdom and Ireland to Australia. Hughes made highly disparaging comments about the quality and character of the emigrants, which were published in the press. He described his fellow passengers as: "...degenerates of the worst type of Irish, Scottish and Welsh. There did not appear to be many English; at least they did not speak the English language." They were "no credit to Great Britain and no acquisition to Australia, which should slam the door in their faces." He described some of the male passengers as "on the verge of imbecility" and others as "street-corner loafers". Four hundred emigrants formed a committee and passed a resolution demanding that Hughes leave the ship. The authorities at Australia House in London rejected the claims. Due to the anger of the passengers Hughes was placed under the protection of armed guards, eventually issuing a written apology. 
From 1942 to 1943 Hughes was the manager of the "Daily Express" Centre of Public Opinion (a polling organisation), and from 1943 to 1945 he was general secretary of the Council of Retail Distributors.
He died in March 1963 aged 91.

</doc>
<doc id="19474374" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19474374" title="Unlikely Emergency">
Unlikely Emergency

Unlikely Emergency is the breakout album by Serena Ryder, released April 5, 2005.
In 2009, the song "Sing, Sing" was selected for Music Monday, a special event to highlight music education in Canada which saw nearly two million Canadian schoolchildren singing the song in class on May 5.
Track listing.
All songs by Serena Ryder except "At Last": Gordon/Warren

</doc>
<doc id="19474384" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19474384" title="Moshe Levin">
Moshe Levin

Moshe Levin (1897–1943), alias 'Batlan' and 'Elisha', was a Jewish socialist. He was a member of the Jewish Communist Party (Poalei Zion) in Russia, before arriving in Palestine in 1919, where he joined the Socialist Workers Party. Levin contested on the 1920 Histadrut election on the list of the party, under the alias 'L. Elisha'. When the party was divided in 1922, he became a leader of the Palestinian Communist Party, along with Menachem 'Oskar' Finkelstein. After the reunification of the party into the Palestine Communist Party, he voiced opposition towards the 'Arabization' efforts inside the party. In 1928 he was deported to Poland. During the Second World War, he shifted his residence to the Soviet Union.

</doc>
<doc id="19474401" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19474401" title="The Chaser (film)">
The Chaser (film)

The Chaser () is a 2008 South Korean film starring Kim Yoon-seok and Ha Jung-woo. It was directed by Na Hong-jin in his directorial debut. Inspired by real-life Korean serial killer Yoo Young-chul, the film was shot on location around Mangwon-dong in the Mapo District, Seoul.
Plot.
Eom Joong-ho is a dishonest ex-detective turned pimp who is in financial trouble because two of his girls have gone missing. One night he sends Mi-jin, one of his few remaining girls, to a customer. But he later realizes that this is the same person who was the last to see his missing girls. Believing that this man is reselling his women, he goes to look for Mi-jin. On the way he contacts his old police task force to ask for some help. But they cannot assist because the mayor of Seoul, whom they are guarding, has just been attacked with human feces during a walkabout. The police are now preoccupied with a media storm because they have suffered humiliation for failing to protect the mayor.
Mi-jin awakes tied up in a dingy bathroom. Her "customer", Je Yeong-min, comes in with a bag of tools. He calmly informs her that a previous victim had her tongue cut out for screaming too much. Using a hammer, he tries to drive a chisel into her head. But she resists and Je Yeong-min hurts his hand; enraged, he hits her on the back of the head with the hammer. Moments later, callers from the local church arrive at the house inquiring about its owner, Mr. Park. Yeong-min has no time to finish off Mi-jin so he invites the elderly couple in and butchers them. 
But while searching the area for a parking spot in an attempt to ditch their car, he collides with Joong-ho's vehicle in an alleyway. Joong-ho senses that the man, Yeong-min, is hiding something because he will not give him his phone number so that they can sort out the insurance. Joong-ho calls the customer's cellphone, establishing this is the man he wants. Yeong-min tries to run away but is caught and badly beaten by Joong-ho. On returning to the collision, both men are arrested by a suspicious local cop. At the station, Yeong-min casually admits that he has killed up to nine people but hints that Mi-jin could still be alive. A fracas starts when competing divisions all want to investigate the previous high-profile unsolved murders in the area. The chief arrives and throws the book at everyone because of Yeong-min's injuries. He is concerned that the beating will be picked up by the media following the night's earlier mayoral incident.
Despite his confession, the police have no physical evidence, so they cannot detain Yeong-min for longer than 12 hours. In order to get some, Joong-ho goes to Mi-jin's apartment to collect DNA samples to match against the blood found on the suspect's clothing. In the apartment, he discovers Eun-ji, Mi-jin's daughter, home alone. Reluctantly he takes her with him while he follows up a lead in Yeong-min's home town. There he learns the suspect had been sent to prison for three years for attacking his own nephew. They return to the area where Mi-jin went missing. Following a lead, Joong-ho finds a shabby room where Yeong-min had once been living. On the walls are a host of religious drawings. But while Joong-ho is away, Eun-ji wanders off, following a woman who looks like her mother. Off camera, she is apparently knocked down by a delivery driver on a moped in a hit and run. After a frantic search, Joong-ho finds her and takes her to a hospital. He signs the forms as her father.
But now time has run out for the police. The prosecutor's office order that Yeong-min be released because the police have no evidence. Besides, the reopening of high-profile murder cases at a time when the police have been publicly shamed will be ridiculed by the media. The prosecutor tells the police chief that the arrest, the suspect's suspicious injuries and rapid confession will be portrayed as the police's transparent attempt to save face. To avoid political fallout, Yeong-min is released without charge. At the same time, the chief orders the arrest of Joong-ho as a scapegoat because he attacked the suspect. Despite being taken, the former cop escapes from the police van to continue looking for Mi-jin.
Meanwhile, unknown to anyone, Mi-jin has freed herself and escaped from the house and the walled garden full of human remains. Badly injured but lucid, she finds help at a nearby corner shop. As Yeong-min approaches his house, he stops at the same shop to buy cigarettes. The shop keeper innocently tells him what has happened to Mi-jin and that there is a "maniac" loose. Taking a hammer, he kills the shop owner before killing and decapitating Mi-jin. Arriving shortly thereafter, Joong-ho finds the street cordoned off by the police and the store a bloodbath. 
The police, now realizing that they have again been humiliated, throw everything into the search for Yeong-min. Meanwhile Joong-ho, who is distraught at what has happened, follows up his detective's hunch and visits the local church, a link between the house callers and the car that Yeong-min had been driving the night of the accident. Standing outside the church, Joong-ho notices that the statue of the crucified Jesus matches the drawings he had seen in the room. Inquiries with the deacon lead him to the sculpture "assistant" who was staying at Mr Park's house. 
On arrival, Joong-ho discovers a now smartly-dressed Yeong-min, carrying his bag of tools, just about to depart. A massive fight ensues in which a fish tank containing Mi-jin's head and body parts is smashed. Eventually Joong-ho prevails but just as he is about to bring a hammer down on Yeong-min's skull the police burst in and restrain the former policeman. As Joong-ho is pushed face down to the ground, he looks into the dead eyes of Mi-jin.
The film ends with Joong-ho sitting silently in the hospital room alongside Eun-ji's bed. He takes her hand in his own.
Box office.
"The Chaser" was released in South Korea on February 14, 2008. On its opening weekend it grossed and was ranked second at the box office, behind American film "Jumper". It then topped the box office for three consecutive weekends, and as of June 1, 2008, had grossed a total of . "The Chaser" received a total of 5,120,630 admissions nationwide, which made it the third most popular film in South Korea in 2008, after "The Good, the Bad, the Weird" and "Speedy Scandal".
International remake.
In March 2008, the remake rights to "The Chaser" were bought by Warner Bros. for . William Monahan was in early discussions to write the script, with Leonardo DiCaprio named as a potential star, though no deals have yet been set. Both were involved in Martin Scorsese's "The Departed", a successful remake of Hong Kong thriller "Infernal Affairs".
In 2011 an Indian film called "Murder 2" was released with a very similar plot to "The Chaser". The only difference was that the killer in the Indian film was a cross dresser.

</doc>
<doc id="19474428" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19474428" title="Proflight Zambia">
Proflight Zambia

Proflight Zambia, a trading name of Proflight Commuter Services Ltd, is an airline based in Lusaka, Zambia that serves the business community and tourism industry. Following the demise of Zambia’s two national carriers Zambian Airways and Zambezi Airlines, Proflight Zambia now operates the largest fleet of aircraft in Zambia, operating both scheduled and charter flights.
History.
Proflight Air Services was founded in 1991 by ex-Zambia Airways pilot Tony Irwin. He began by operating charters within Zambia and the region. In 1997, he obtained his first license to operate schedules to Mfuwe. 
In 2004 Proflight Air Services attracted new investors and formed Proflight Commuter Services which began scheduled services to the Copperbelt, Luangwa Valley, Victoria Falls and Lower Zambezi.
On 30 June 2009 the airline was authorized by the Zambia Competition Commission to form an alliance with Zambezi Airlines. The airline was officially rebranded as Proflight Zambia in 2010.
In March 2013 Proflight took delivery of its first jet aircraft, a Boeing 727-200, and later in 2013 began regional scheduled service to Lilongwe, Malawi, and Dar es Salaam, Tanzania.
Corporate affairs.
Business trends.
Financial and other business figures for Proflight Zambia are not fully available, as the company is privately owned. In the absence of these, some information has been made available, usually in the press, as shown below: 
Head office.
Proflight Zambia has its headquarters at Stand 15B, Private Hangars, Kenneth Kaunda International Airport, in Lusaka. 
Fleet.
The Proflight Zambia fleet includes the following aircraft: 

</doc>
<doc id="19474440" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19474440" title="New York State Consumer Protection Board">
New York State Consumer Protection Board

The New York State Consumer Protection Board (CPB) is a former government agency of the State of New York that was responsible for protecting, educating and representing consumers.
The three main divisions of the Consumer Protection Board were:
History.
The CPB was established in 1970 under legislation signed by then-Governor Nelson Rockefeller. Betty Furness, a former Hollywood actress who had served as special assistant for consumer affairs to President Lyndon B. Johnson, was named as the Board's first chairman and executive director. Furness served in the position until July 1971, resigning after complaints about the lack of serious attention to her recommendations by the New York Legislature.
Richard Kessel served as Executive Director of the CPB from 1983 to 1995, where he negotiated rate freeze agreements with Consolidated Edison, Niagara Mohawk and other electric and telephone utilities, which Kessel estimated saved consumers $1 billion.
Merger.
On March 31, 2011, Part A of Chapter 62 of the Laws of 2011 merged the former New York State Consumer Protection Board into the New York State Department of State creating a new Division of Consumer Protection. Consumers can find useful information, alerts and tools by visiting www.dos.ny.gov.

</doc>
<doc id="19474445" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19474445" title="2008 Arizona Wildcats football team">
2008 Arizona Wildcats football team

The 2008 Arizona Wildcats football team represented the University of Arizona in the college football season of 2008–2009. The team's head coach is Mike Stoops, in his fifth year at Arizona. They play their home games at Arizona Stadium in Tucson, Arizona and compete in the Pacific-10 Conference. They finished the 2008 regular season with a record of 7–5, and faced BYU in the Las Vegas Bowl on December 20, their first postseason appearance since 1998; they defeated the Cougars 31–21 for a final record of 8–5. In that game, the Wildcats' 31 points were the most put up by the team in any of their bowl appearances. Senior wide receiver Mike Thomas, playing in his final game as a Wildcat, also got the Pac-10 record of most receptions by any wide receiver in the Pac-10. Senior Quarterback Willie Tuitama was named MVP for the 2008 Las Vegas Bowl, by throwing 328 yards, 2 pass TD's and 1 rush TD.
Game Summaries.
Idaho.
In the 2008 season opener, Arizona would dominate in this 70–0 shutout over the visiting Vandals of Idaho. For the game, the Wildcats would outgain the Vandals in total offense 521 to 112 yards. The game also marked the most points scored in a game by Arizona since a 74-0 victory in 1921 over the Texas College of Mines and Metallurgy in addition to its first shutout since the 1996 season. 
Washington State.
Washington State scored first - taking its first lead of the season in a Pac-10 game - when Dwight Tardy took a pitch from QB Kevin Lopina and ran 18 yards with 10:10 left in the first. Arizona replied with a 12-play drive and WR Mike Thomas ran 5 yards for a touchdown to tie the game. Arizona TE Rob Gronkowski caught a short pass from QB Willie Tuitama and ran 43 yards for a touchdown to put Arizona up 14–7 at the end of the first quarter. After getting the ball on their own 46 to start the next drive, WSU's Logwone Mitz tore off runs of 8 and 42 yards to take the ball to Arizona's 4. Lopina ran it in to tie the score at 14. Arizona replied with an 81-yard drive with RB Keola Antolin running 5 yards up the middle for a 21–14 lead with 10:20 left in the half. The WSU offense stalled the rest of the half. Meanwhile, Tuitama ran in from the 4 on a broken play for a 28–14 Arizona advantage. Arizona's Devin Ross intercepted Lopina on the next series, and RB Nic Grigsby ran it three times, the last for a 6-yard touchdown and a 35–14 halftime lead. Wildcat RB Xavier Smith scored on a 6-yard run on the opening drive of the second half for a 42–14 lead. Mitz scored from 3 yards out on the next series to bring WSU to within 42–21. Arizona would go on to beat Washington State by a final score of 59–28 for win number 6, making the Wildcats eligible for their first bowl game since 1998.
Oregon.
The Oregon Ducks started hot against the Arizona Wildcats in Eugene, with Jeremiah Masoli getting a career high in rushing touchdowns (3) and broke the record for an Oregon quarterback in this category in a single Ducks game. He also had two passing touchdowns, all five in the first half. Oregon led at the half, 45–17, but Arizona started the second half hot. The Wildcats managed to hold the Ducks to merely ten points in the second half, while they had a 21-point fourth quarter to pull within three. However, a 40-yard touchdown hit from Masoli to LeGarrette Blounte sealed the Ducks win, 55–45, to avenge a loss to the Wildcats from last year. This game was the first in which the Ducks wore their new "blackout" jerseys and black helmets, to fit with the Autzen Stadium "blackout" theme for the game.
Oregon State.
Before an enthusiastic crowd of 48,503 at Arizona Stadium, Oregon State had to go without starting quarterback Lyle Moevao, sidelined by a shoulder injury. Then they lost tailback Jacquizz Rodgers, the Pac-10's leading rusher and Pac-10 Player of the Year candidate, to a shoulder injury on their second possession. With the score tied at 10–10 early in the fourth quarter (on a 16-yard touchdown pass to Arizona TE Rob Gronkowski with 16 seconds left in the third quarter), Oregon State head coach Mike Riley went for it twice on fourth down near midfield. The first one worked and the second did not, and it proved costly. After backup tailback Ryan McCants lost a yard on fourth-and-1 at Arizona's 49, the Wildcats went on an eight-play march capped by a 9-yard touchdown run by RB Keola Antolin to give Arizona a 17–10 lead. Oregon State responded with a 10-play, 80-yard drive for a touchdown. Then, Beavers kicker Justin Kahut missed the extra point with 3:58 left, seemingly giving Arizona the chance for the win. Arizona's offense stalled, and while the Wildcats led 17–16 with 1:19 to play, Oregon State took over at their own 20 with no timeouts left. Oregon State quarterback Sean Canfield, who started in place of Moevao, hit Jeremy Francis for a 20-yard catch to the 40. A seven-yard run by receiver James Rodgers went to the 47. On the third play of the drive, Canfield found Sammie Stroughter alone behind the Wildcats secondary for a 47-yard gain to the Arizona 7. Then, Kahut calmly nailed a 24-yard field goal as time expired to seal an improbable 19–17 victory, redeeming himself and leaving the Beavers one win away from their first Rose Bowl trip since 1965. Keola Antolin rushed for 114 yards and a touchdown for Arizona, while Arizona QB Willie Tuitama threw for 158 yards and a score.
Arizona State.
The Wildcats were not just playing for in-state bragging rights this year in their 82nd meeting for the Territorial Cup. The Las Vegas Bowl announced on December 5 that the winner of this game would be extended an invitation to appear.
A sellout crowd of 58,704 (sixth-largest in Arizona Stadium history) was on hand; they had to suffer through a first half in which both teams struggled to find a rhythm offensively. The Wildcats scored first, 7–0 with 5:44 left in the first quarter, on a 17-yard pass from QB Willie Tuitama to TE Rob Gronkowski. On the drive, the Wildcats marched 98 yards in 12 plays - their longest scoring drive of the season.
Arizona State cut the Wildcat lead to 7–3 on a 40-yard field goal by Thomas Weber. 
UA punter Keenyn Crier was ruled down on his right knee while trying to retrieve a low snap in the second quarter, giving the Sun Devils possession on the Wildcat 19 and setting up an easy two-play drive from QB Rudy Carpenter as he eventually hit WR Andrew Pettes for a 2-yard pass for a go-ahead Arizona State touchdown, making the score 10–7.
The 'Cats would fight back, and scored on their first offensive possession of the second half, as Tuitama led the Wildcats on an 11-play, 70-yard scoring drive. He connected with WR Delashaun Dean on a 10-yard slant route for the score. Kicker Jason Bondzio's PAT gave the Cats a 14–10 lead. 
Arizona would score again after a 47-yard Marquis Hundley interception of a Rudy Carpenter pass led to a 12-yard scoring run by UA tailback Nic Grigsby. The Wildcats scored again on a dramatic 52-yard punt return from WR Mike Thomas, to quickly transform a 10–7 halftime deficit into a 28–10 lead.
Jason Bondzio kicked a 49-yard field goal for a 31–10 lead with 12:34 to go in the game.
Grigsby finished with 114 rushing yards on 22 carries. Tuitama completed 25 of 37 passes for 284 yards and two touchdowns. TE Rob Gronkowski led the team with six catches for 95 yards. WR Mike Thomas finished with nine catches for 75 yards and was selected the game MVP. 
Arizona State, with the Wildcat win, ends their relatively disappointing season at 5–7, and as such is kept from being invited to a bowl game for the first time since 2003.
Brigham Young (2008 Pioneer Las Vegas Bowl).
Willie Tuitama threw for 322 yards and two touchdowns as Arizona won its first bowl game in 10 years in front of a crowd of 40,047 at Sam Boyd Stadium in Las Vegas.
The Wildcats stifled BYU quarterback Max Hall throughout the game, forcing him to scramble often, lose a fumble and throw an interception. Arizona (8–5) kept the ball in the air most of the game. Tuitama threw a 71-yard pass to WR Terrell Turner that set up the first score, a 37-yard touchdown to WR Delashaun Dean that gave the Wildcats the lead for good in the third quarter, and a 24-yard strike to RB Chris Gronkowski that sent Cougars fans toward the exits (Tuitama would run 6 yards into the end zone to complete the drive). The Wildcats' third-quarter scoring spree salvaged an otherwise-unlucky period. Arizona thought it had recovered a fumble three plays earlier, when BYU WR Austin Collie caught a screen pass, took a step, ran into his own blocker and fumbled. UA safety Nate Ness recovered at BYU's 11. The game's referee crew opted to review the play, and ruled that Collie had never demonstrated possession. The Cougars completed a short pass on third down, then punted. Arizona's five days in Las Vegas had a little bit of everything — fun, drama and even questions about Mike Stoops' job future (Stoops was rumored to be a candidate for the vacant Iowa State head coach position which was filled by Auburn assistant coach Paul Rhoads).

</doc>
<doc id="19474448" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19474448" title="Phosphoamino acid analysis">
Phosphoamino acid analysis

Phosphoamino acid analysis, or PAA, is an experimental technique used in molecular biology to determine which amino acid or acids are phosphorylated in a protein.
Technique.
A protein is first phosphorylated using 32P-labeled ATP, usually via an "in vitro" kinase assay. Most of the amino acids 
in the protein are then hydrolyzed, usually by the use of a strong acid such as hydrochloric acid. These amino acids are then separated using 2-dimensional thin layer chromatography, along with amino acid standards for the three amino acids that are phosphorylated in eukaryotes: serine, threonine, and tyrosine. These amino acid standards can be visualized on the TLC substrate by exposure to ninhydrin, which colors the amino acids a visible purple when heated at ~100°C. The radioactive amino acids can be detected via autoradiography, and an overlay of the two images will show which amino acids are phosphorylated.

</doc>
<doc id="19474452" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19474452" title="1999 Buenos Aires Grand Prix">
1999 Buenos Aires Grand Prix

Results from the 1999 Buenos Aires Grand Prix held at Buenos Aires on August 29, 1999, in the Autódromo Oscar Alfredo Gálvez.The race was the first race at weekend.

</doc>
<doc id="19474455" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19474455" title="Roy Feinson">
Roy Feinson

Roy Feinson is a South African born software engineer and artist. Feinson patented #4754474A the first fully functional predictive text system that included disambiguation and local dictionary storage. He is perhaps best known for creating the genre known as impressionist mosaics in which the imperfections of natural materials such as turquoise or marble are organized to create ethereal imagery. 
Feinson is the author of three books focused on the evolutionary underpinnings of human behavior. His novel theory of animal vision, The Zebra's Stripes, was presented to scientists at the National Institute for Standards and Technology in 2013. 
Installations.
One of the original pioneers in the field of photographic mosaics, Feinson was the featured artist for Disneyland's 50th anniversary celebration in 2006 where he created the largest photographic mosaic ever made, spanning over 10,000sq ft and featuring live performers carrying photographs of themselves and other cast members. As part of the same celebration he created the world's first tri-level mosaic and 38 other large-scale mosaic works for Disney's 50th anniversary. The featured artist for the Grammy Awards 50th anniversary in 2008, Feinson's artwork was unveiled by Quincy Jones and Recording Academy President Neil Portnow and is now part of the permanent collection at the Grammy museum in Los Angeles.

</doc>
<doc id="19474483" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19474483" title="William Cleveland">
William Cleveland

William Cleveland is an American author and the director of the Center for the Study of Art & Community (CSA&C) in Minneapolis, which he co-founded in 1991. After studying psychology at the University of Maryland, College Park, Cleveland went on to an extensive history in leading arts programs, including the California State Summer School for the Arts and California's Arts-In-Corrections Program, where he spent 10 years building the largest residential arts program in the state of California. Cleveland also serves as an adviser or on the advisory boards of several organizations, including Partners for Livable Communities, the British American Art Association's International Arts and Education Initiative, the Urban Arts Institute and UCLA's Artsreach. He is on the board of several schools and performance companies and has worked with the National Endowment for the Arts as a panelist and consultant.
He is the author of "Art and Upheaval: Artists on the World's Frontlines" (New Village Press, 2008), "Art in Other Places: Artists at Work in America's Community and Social Institutions" (Praeger, 1992, Arts Extension Service Press, U. MA, Amherst 2000) and a former contributing editor of "High Performance" magazine. He is also a performing musician.

</doc>
<doc id="19474491" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19474491" title="Business Ethics (The Office)">
Business Ethics (The Office)

"Business Ethics" is the third episode of the fifth season of the television series "The Office", and the show's seventy-fifth episode overall. The episode aired in the United States on October 9, 2008 on NBC.
In this episode, new HR rep Holly tries to conduct a business ethics seminar, which does not go smoothly when it is revealed that Meredith has been having sex with a supplier in order to gain discounts. Meanwhile, Jim tries to prove to Dwight that he does waste company time, which he claims he doesn't.
Plot.
In the cold open, Pam (Jenna Fischer) is talking to Jim (John Krasinski) on the phone, and Jim reluctantly reveals their engagement to the office, to no congratulations, aside from a surprised reaction from Oscar, who had assumed they were already engaged, and much insulting commentary from everyone else. Michael (Steve Carell), however, is elated by the news and tackles Jim with a flying hug when he hears the news. 
Following Ryan's (B. J. Novak) recent actions, corporate wants Holly (Amy Ryan) to set up a seminar regarding business ethics, where Michael invites the office to tell her about their personal time-theft stories without fear of consequence (by providing them with "immunity"). This seminar eventually escalates into a confessional orchestrated by Michael in which the staff admits to dishonesty in the workplace. However, when Meredith (Kate Flannery) mentions that she has sex to gain discounts for the company (and coupons to Outback Steakhouse), Holly feels that she should take action. 
At the seminar, Dwight (Rainn Wilson) claimed that he never takes personal time during work, so Jim uses a stopwatch to count even the smallest distractions that befall Dwight, such as yawning, sneezing and using the restroom. As a result, Dwight never stops working, restraining himself from interjecting when Jim spreads misinformation about "Battlestar Galactica", urinating in a soda bottle under his desk to avoid leaving for the bathroom, and somehow managing to sneeze with his eyes open. Dwight finally stops caring about Jim's antagonism when he comes back into the office, having sneaked away to have sex with Angela (Angela Kinsey). Dwight does admit that he is not as ethical as he claimed, and Jim appears happy to hear this and stops using the stopwatch. 
Michael, upset by Holly's feelings, takes her to a restaurant to smooth things over, and inconspicuously tries to ignite a relationship. After Holly states that Dunder Mifflin is not a family but a workplace, Michael becomes bitter towards her and treats her with the kind of contempt he previously reserved for Toby Flenderson. Later on a conference call, corporate turns a blind eye to Meredith's unethical behavior due to the discounts but scolds Holly for forgetting to collect the signatures of all the employees who attended the business ethics seminar. Michael immediately becomes sympathetic toward her, and stands up for Holly when the rest of the staff is reluctant to participate in the rest of the seminar by ordering them to finish it. This in turn, seems to improve their relationship once again.
Meredith provides Outback takeout to the entire office, so she is no longer the solo beneficiary of the "tip", as seen in the ending.
Reception.
In the 18-49 demographic, "Business Ethics" earned a 4.6/11 ratings share. The episode was watched by 9.0 million viewers. This episode got a good review from Travis Ficket of IGN, but it claimed, "it was all too familiar."
"Business Ethics" was voted the twenty-first highest-rated episode out of 26 from the fifth season, according to an episode poll at the fansite "OfficeTally"; the episode was rated 7.34 out of 10.

</doc>
<doc id="19474517" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19474517" title="Paul Cargnello">
Paul Cargnello

Paul Cargnello is a Montreal singer-songwriter and poet whose unique musical repertoire spans punk rock, reggae, blues and folk. Although English is his first language, Cargnello chooses to write and sing in both English and French, with French having gradually come to dominate his lyrics. To date, he has achieved modest success in this endeavour, and some have even described him as the next Jim Corcoran and the rightful heir to Quebec rocker Jean Leloup 
Biography and Musical Career.
Cargnello was born in Montreal in 1979 of Lithuanian & Italian descent. He has two siblings, Christopher, also a musician and Julian, a visual artist. His early family life was one of much creative content, his mother was a teacher of dance, theater,and creative writing and his father, a clinical psychologist, was also a guitarist and visual artist.
His musical career began in 1992, at the age 13 when he formed a band with his brother and close friend called The Rubber Band. This group may have been one of the youngest of ever perform at the Yellow Door in Montreal, which was one of the longest running folk coffee houses in Canada. This group became the Vandals Took the Handles and opened for The Asexuals. By 1994, at the age of fifteen, Cargnello and his friends Diego Di Gregorio and Adam Kardos formed a band, which became known as The Vendettas. In 2000 the band released its first album "It’s Happening to You", but weighed down by financial troubles, the group dissolved in 2002. However, three years later, the monetary support of one fan caused the group to reassemble for a final collaboration which spawned the album "Say No to the Vendettas".
Following The Vendettas’ break up, Cargnello released his first solo album, "Lightweight Romeo". He has since released seven more solo records: "Between Evils", "Live au Va et Vien", "Brûler le jour", "Bragging", (the particularity of this album lay in the fact that it is available only at his concerts, "Bras Coupé", "La Course des Loups", and "Papa Paul". 
An interesting trend in Cargnello’s music is the adoption of French as his preferred language of expression. The artist explains this choice by citing the francophone nature of his native city and reasons that writing in French has permitted him to express himself more simply and directly than in English. The shift began when Cargnello, who was educated in English, moved to the Plateau Mont-Royal, a francophone quarter, at the age of nineteen. It took some time before Paul’s immersion really manifested itself in his music (his first two solo albums featured only one French composition each), but over time Cargnello embraced French as is demonstrated in his critically acclaimed fourth album, "Brûler le jour", written almost entirely in French with only one English track.
"Brûler le Jour" is all the more noteworthy in that it marked the first time that Cargnello as a solo artist collaborated with other songwriters. These included Jim Corcoran, Vincent Vallières, Ève Cournoyer, Marco Calliari and Fred Fortin. The album was as successful as it was groundbreaking with the song "Une Rose Noire" making its way to the Top 5 on MusiquePlus just weeks after the album’s release, and becoming a Quebec-wide hit. 
Cargnello performed at Montreal's celebration of Saint Jean Baptiste Day on June 24, 2008. This was yet another indicator of Cargnello’s growing popularity especially given that Anglo-Quebecers are rarely invited to perform at such nationalist events. He also was invited and appeared numerous times on the popular Télé-Québec show Belle et Bum. He appeared on this show with such notable artists as Zachary Richard and the late "Bad News Brown" Paul Frappier. 
Cargnello signed with Tacca Musique in 2009, and completed his first tour in France and Switzerland, followed by two more the following year.
In 2010, Paul Cargnello released his third French language album, "La Course des Loups" and it has been critically regarded as the most ambitious one to date. The title gives a nod to Jean Leloup and a quote from Che Guevara
"On the route for wolves; one can succeed only at the cost of the failure of others."
In September of 2012 Paul Cargnello released his fourth French language album, "Papa Paul" under hip-hop label Silence D'Or. To date, Paul Cargnello is the only non hip-hop artist to sign with the label.
Personnel.
Cargnello performs with a band called The Frontline, whose members include Sandy Belfort (keyboard and vocals), Pat Lavergne (bass guitar), José “le” Major (drums and vocals) as well as his brother Christopher Cargnello (seven-string guitar and vocals, occasionally drums and/or bass), and including Vincent Stephen-Ong on saxophone for the latest release of Papa Paul. The ensemble, under a slightly different configuration that included Ryan “Ace” Fleury (bass guitar and vocals), released a live album in 2005 titled "Paul Cargnello and the Frontline Live au Va-et-Vient".
Political activism.
Paul Cargnello is known to support the political left. In his youth he defined himself as a communist and had spearheaded an organization The New Socialist Climate while in college and published a newsletter called "The Black List", but in 2007 Cargnello said that he no longer sympathized with the extreme left although still considered himself a socialist and believed in “revolutionary politics.” Cargnello’s activism attracted attention when he, his wife (then girlfriend), and some band mates were arrested for participating in a police brutality protest in 2001. Four years passed before a formal acquittal. Cargnello acknowledges his wife, whom he has known since the age of fifteen, for introducing him to politics and feminism—as well as punk music.

</doc>
<doc id="19474536" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19474536" title="Baby Shower">
Baby Shower

"Baby Shower" is the fourth episode of the fifth season of the television series "The Office", and the show's seventy-sixth episode overall. The episode aired in the United States on October 16, 2008 on NBC.
In this episode, Michael's ex-girlfriend Jan Levenson comes to the office for a baby shower, despite the fact that she has already given birth, to her daughter Astrid. Her arrival causes Michael to be rude to his love interest Holly in order to fool Jan and causes Dwight to spend most of his day testing out Jan's expensive new stroller.
Plot.
Dwight (Rainn Wilson) acts out the process of birth with a watermelon, as Michael (Steve Carell) wants to be prepared for Jan's (Melora Hardin) baby.
The Party Planning Committee is planning Jan's baby shower, and collects money for a present, to which many employees are reluctant to donate. Angela (Angela Kinsey) makes a "guess whose baby picture" game for the shower, and she is angered when Andy (Ed Helms) unintentionally makes fun of her picture. 
Jim (John Krasinski) and Pam (Jenna Fischer) feel awkward trying to communicate with each other throughout the day, with Pam telling the documentary crew that the two of them were having an off day.
Jan arrives with her baby girl, Astrid, already born, much to everyone's surprise. The shower ends up taking place anyway, and Michael tries to pacify Jan by being cold to Holly (Amy Ryan), which makes her uncomfortable despite being foretold by Michael.
The present the office got for Jan ended up being a stroller, which was unnecessary as she already had a more expensive $1200 Orbit Baby stroller. Dwight found this a ridiculous price to pay, stating that his bomb shelter cost that much, so he goes out to test the durability of the stroller as the shower continues. He straps the watermelon from the beginning of the show into the stroller and goes out to a dump-like area to throw the stroller into fences and off of small cliffs. He also ends up tying the stroller to the back of his car for his "bumper test."
Michael holds Astrid, only to find no connection, so he seeks advice from another "baby-daddy," Darryl (Craig Robinson). Darryl mocks him, as the baby is not even Michael's. Jan acts coldly to Holly when they have a conversation, being direct when Holly attempts humor. Jan then retrieves her daughter from Angela and Andy, who were setting up a photo of the baby amongst vegetables. She leaves soon afterward, telling Michael in the parking lot not to date Holly. Michael hugs Holly when he goes back into the building and feels a connection he did not feel with Astrid. He then asks her out on a date, which she accepts, visibly moved. 
Jim and Pam call each other at exactly the same time and leave each other messages that are extremely similar, hinting that perhaps they are not as disjointed as this day has made them feel but highlighting the difficulty they are both having with being apart.
Reception.
"Baby Shower" received mixed reviews. IGN gave the episode a 7.5, saying that, "Dwight's ludicrous testing of the $1200 stroller goes on too long, is predictable and only intermittently funny. It also feels like we've done this before. The same can be said of Jim and Pam's phone-tag problem," and that it was one of the more mediocre episodes in a while." "Baby Shower" was voted the nineteenth highest-rated episode out of 26 from the fifth season, according to an episode poll at the fansite "OfficeTally"; the episode was rated 7.74 out of 10.

</doc>
<doc id="19474583" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19474583" title="Jock Wadley">
Jock Wadley

John Borland (Jock) Wadley (1914 – March 1981) was an English journalist whose magazines and reporting opened Continental cycle racing to fans in Britain.
Wadley covered 18 Tours de France from 1956. He worked for the British weekly, "The Bicycle" and then started and edited the monthlies "Coureur" (later "Sporting Cyclist") and "International Cycle Sport". He also wrote a number of books.
Cycling origins.
Wadley began cycling with the Colchester Rovers club when he was 14. He and a friend, Alf Kettle, were between the towns of Kelvedon and Coggeshall when they took a wrong turning into a farm track by moonlight, riding by the light of acetylene lamps. Kettle called Wadley "Willy", because it was what all new members were called. He said it was "like the Tour de France". It was the first time Wadley had heard of the race, which was still in the era of daily stages that started at dawn and rode on unsurfaced roads. He wanted to know more.
He went to the world track championships in Paris when he was 19 and came home starry-eyed over riders like Jeff Scherens and Lucien Michard. He ordered the daily paper "L'Auto", which organised the Tour, from a newsagent in Colchester. The man warned him it cost 1½d (1p or about 3 US cents) and that the cost was extravagant.
Journalism.
Wadley joined "The Bicycle" soon after it started, in February 1936, and became the magazine's foreign correspondent. The paper opened in opposition to "Cycling", to counter "Cycling"s perceived establishment views, which included not covering massed racing on the open road after the Second World War and giving what some readers saw as little attention to professional cycling, such as the Tour de France. "Cycling" was originally dismissive of a breakaway organisation, the British League of Racing Cyclists and campaigned against it and did little to cover its races; "The Bicycle" saw itself as neither for or against the BLRC but saw massed-start racing an exciting part of cycle-racing. "The Bicycle" appeared on Tuesday rather than the Friday of its rival.
Wadley translated reports in French and Belgian papers, and cuttings sent by the magazine's correspondent at L'Auto and cycled around the Continent reporting the races he saw and writing accounts of the riders he had met. Adrian Bell, the British publisher who compiled a collection of Wadley's work, wrote:
And so began a pattern of working life and, with it, a unique style of writing about cycling that Wadley was to maintain, to a greater or lesser extent, for more than 20 years. When not required for race-reporting duties in England, he would load the panniers of his bicycle - spare clothes and maps in one, a portable typewriter in the other - and take to the roads of France, Belgium Holland. Whatever the route, it was of his choosing. And back would come the reports - of major Tours, French classics, frenetic kermesses over the Belgian pavé, or six-day dramas on the steep banking of indoor velodromes - or interviews with current riders or with those whose exploits had once made cycling history, or simply touring features that depicted the appealing variety of the terrain through which he travelled. During one two-month tour in the spring of 1954, he submitted 3,000 words a week; there was simply nothing like it in the English cycling press.
Wadley left the magazine two years later and joined the press department of the bicycle maker, Hercules, which was sponsoring prominent British riders to break long-distance records. From there he was conscripted into the services at the start of the Second World War.
With the return of peace, he became one of three press officers for the sport's governing body, the Union Cycliste Internationale when the Olympic Games were held in London in 1948. He then rejoined "The Bicycle" and stayed until it closed in 1955. That year he started work on a monthly magazine, initially called "Coureur" but then, because a magazine with a similar title already existed, "Sporting Cyclist".
"Sporting Cyclist".
Wadley recalled of his redundancy: "I saw more cycling... than in four far-from-dull years on "The Bicycle". As the programme included my first all-the-way Tour de France, I had enough material in hand to write a book... The dream, however, was to bring out a continental-style all-cycling magazine."
In late 1956, Wadley secured the backing of the publisher Charles Buchan, former football captain of Arsenal and England, who wanted a companion to his magazine, "Football Monthly". Wadley told Buchan that he had a proposal which would never make him rich but wouldn't disgrace him, an approach so novel that Buchan was interested from the start. Issue number one was written by Wadley, who had also taken most of the photographs. It was produced at the home of Peter Bryan, Wadley's editor at "The Bicycle", with help from a photographer, Bill Lovelace, and a designer, Glenn Steward. They too had worked at "The Bicycle".
"Sporting Cyclist" introduced Continental racing through the Franco-American writer, René de Latour. His role was "friend of the stars", providing insights into Continental racing at a time when "Cycling" concentrated on domestic issues.
The cycle parts importer and advertiser, Ron Kitching, wrote:
This was a real innovation and an instant success. It was filled with exciting stories of both home and overseas events, written not only by Jock himself but also by the top cycling writers of the day - like René de Latour, Harry Aspden, Charles Ruys and Dick Snowden, Geoffrey Nicholson and David Saunders.
Closure.
The last edition was in April 1968, volume 12, number 4. "Sporting Cyclist" was by then owned by Longacre Press, which had bought Buchan's publications. Longacre also published "Cycling" and the two merged. The assistant editor, Roy Green, who had joined in 1960, left "Sporting Cyclist" to join "Amateur Photographer".
Wadley set up another magazine, "International Cycle Sport", which after 199 issues in 17 years also failed, by which time Wadley's contract as editor had long since not been renewed.
"International Cycle Sport".
"International Cycle Sport" was the idea of Kennedy Brothers, a printing company in Keighley, Yorkshire owned by three brothers. It was the first English-language cycling magazine printed in colour, with a colour cover and several colour pages inside. The contents were those which would have appeared in the next "Sporting Cyclist". Wadley's assistant editor, John Wilcockson, said: "We were thrilled with the first issue that came off the presses, even though the colour reproduction was pretty awful." One of the pictures, of the Belgian rider Patrick Sercu was printed the wrong way round.
Wadley wrote in his first leading article:
I had launched Cyclist because I knew the cycling world wanted it. There was never any suggestion that it would make a lot of money for anybody. Yet within a few years, after a series of mergers and takeovers, "Sporting Cyclist" found itself under the control of a giant publishing organisation whose business, understandably, was to make money. A small monthly magazine supported by what it considered to be a "dying industry" was obviously of little interest to such a concern, and its eventual merger with "Cycling" was simply a matter of time. When the decision was taken I and my most able assistant Roy Green were given the chance of carrying on with the combined publication, but neither accepted the offer.
The magazine was produced in a basement office in Kingston upon Thames Surrey, rented from Maurice Cumberworth, race director of the Milk Race. Kennedy Brothers, however, failed and a receiver passed its assets to another Yorkshire printer, Peter Fretwell. The magazine was among the assets. Fretwell's company was also struggling and the receiver hoped to make one strong company out of two weak ones.
Wilcockson said:
Peter Fretwell was a tough-minded businessman, the antithesis of the mild-mannered Wadley. The two men didn't get on... The arrangement worked for a while, but Fretwell soon decided that he could do without Wadley. I was prepared to go too, but my 'father' said no... Well, within a year, I was fired too.
Adrian Bell wrote:
So the saying goes, you can never walk the same road twice. "ICS" was not "Sporting Cyclist" in full-colour guise. In the first place it never had the same breadth of coverage. Secondly, not only was it more narrowly focused, it contained fewer articles, and they were mainly written by professional journalists. In its text and the use of full-page colour photography, it was closer to a contemporary monthly cycling journal; it was never a diary written by clubmen for clubmen.
Tour de France.
Jock Wadley covered 18 Tours de France not only for his magazine but for the London Daily Telegraph. The paper then decided to send its specialist cycling reporter, David Saunders. Until then Saunders had not wanted to spend a month of each summer away from home.
The new arrangement ended Wadley's newspaper career and halted the occasional contributions he made to BBC Radio, where he reported on noisy short-wave and telephone links from races such as the world championship and Bordeaux–Paris, a race from which he reported the victory of the British rider, Tom Simpson.
It also ended Wadley's habit of following the Tour in the car of French journalist colleagues and he covered his 19th Tour by bike and wrote a book called "My Nineteenth Tour de France".
His years at the Tour de France earned him the race's medal. He received it from the organisers Jacques Goddet and Félix Lévitan at Carpentras in 1970. For many years he had been the only permanent English-speaking reporter on the Tour and the race press officer, Louis Lapeyre, who for many years refused to speak to any anglophone journalists let alone do it in English, finally negotiated with them through Wadley.
Tom Simpson.
Few cyclists featured in Wadley's writing as much as Tom Simpson, the first Briton to wear the yellow jersey in the Tour de France. Wadley's first encounter with him was in 1955 while he was at a training camp in Monaco sponsored by the derailleur-maker, Simplex. The camp was run by the former Tour rider, Charles Pélissier. Wadley went there to report, specifically on a promising Irish rider called Seamus Elliott, who had won his place as a prize in the previous year's Tour of Ireland.
Many cyclists unable to attend the camp wrote to Pélissier, asking his advice. Wadley translated them into French for him. One said:
Dear Sir, I am writing to you hoping you will give me some advice on racing and training for the 1955 season. I am 16 years old, and have raced on the track and also massed start road races, competing in between, in time trials. In my first track event I gained 3rd place, in road races I have won 2 prizes and in time trials I have won 4 prizes. My positions in time trials were 11th, 8th, 15th, 7th. I have done 25 miles in 1hr 34 seconds, which is the fastest time for a 16 year old in England this year.
I would like to know, if you think it is advisable to compete in so many different events, and also what greatest mileage I should race. I have been told that if I race often, I will burn myself out, and will be no good when I get older, do you think this is true. Yours in sport, Thomas Simpson, HARWORTH & DIST. C.C.
There is no evidence of a reply from Pélissier, who didn't speak English, although Wadley suggested in "Sporting Cyclist" in 1965 that he may have done.
Writing style.
Martin Ayres, one of several who wrote their first articles for Sporting Cyclist and went on to edit cycling magazines of their own, said that Wadley's discursive, first-person style looked simple but "I tried to copy Jock's style once or twice when I was editor of "Cycling", but when I did it, it just seemed like name-dropping.'
Adrian Bell wrote:
This consistent use of the first person in his articles is crucial to understanding the appeal of his writing. Regardless of whether he was composing an account of a race, interviewing an old-time, retired cyclist, or describing a leisurely tour, he always used this technique. Events were not reported as if they were simple objective facts, nor were they sensationalised; always we saw them through his eyes and ears. He offered us his thoughts, his emotions and his immediate impressions at the moment of their happening, and if those impressions needed to be revised in the light of later revelations, he did that, too, and explained why... Good letter-writers, so they say, are basically good conversationalists and, by all accounts, J. B. Wadley was certainly that.
Long-distance riding.
Wadley always rode in Hush Puppy shoes, which he said hurt his feet less than conventional cycling shoes. He rode long distances both in races such as 24-hour time-trials - he rode just short of 400 miles in the North Road event when he was 59 - and outside competition. His first book, "My 19th Tour de France", starts: "I had practised and thoroughly enjoyed what I had for so long been preaching. Instead of lazing 3,000 miles in a press car, I had pedalled 1,750 on a bike. Instead of scribbling 400 words a night and phoning them through to Fleet Street, I have taken my time in writing 90,000 and sent them to the printers." 
His fondness for France led him to join the Union Sportif at Créteil, in the Paris suburbs. That led to his riding the 1,200 km challenge, Paris–Brest–Paris, which he recorded in another book, "Old Roads and New". His writing inspired riders around the world. In Britain it led to the creation of Audax UK to provide a means for British riders to take part. In Canada said the long-distance enthusiast Eric Fergusson:
Here in British Columbia, "Brestward Ho!" of the chapter recounting Paris–Brest–Paris did indeed make its mark. After reading the story, local cycling legend John Hathaway committed to ride the Audax version of PBP in 1976. While in France, he met the randonneur PBP organiser Robert Lepertel and was persuaded to come back for the next randonneur PBP in 1979. Three years later Hathaway returned to France with fellow randonneur pioneers Dan McGuire, Gerry Pareja, and Wayne Phillips to participate in (and complete!) PBP '79 marking the birth of randonneur cycling in British Columbia, and indeed, in Canada.
There was a celebration marking the 25th anniversary of BC Randonneurs at the club's annual general meeting in September 2003. At this event Gerry Pareja... held up a copy of "Old Roads and New". With the "Brestward Ho!" chapter in mind Gerry suggested that: 'This book probably had more to do with getting English-speaking cyclists to become interested in PBP than anything else written about it.' 
Wadley rode the Brevet des Randonneurs des Alpes, a mountain challenge, in 1973. It was run as a time-trial over the col de Glandon, the Croix de Fer, the Telegraphe and the Galibier. The race started in Grenoble at 2am. Wadley had hoped to meet Pierre Brambilla, who lost the Tour de France on the last day in 1947. He was attacked, against a tradition that the race leader would be left to ride to Paris in glory, by the Frenchman Jean Robic. Wadley had met Brambilla but never remembered to ask the truth of the story that he was so upset by his defeat that he buried his bike in his garden.
Graeme Fife wrote: "Brambilla caught Wadley on the approach to the Galibier. Wadley thought the Italian veteran (now 53 years old) would have been miles ahead, but he'd overslept and set out an hour late. He offered to give Wadley a tow up the Galibier; Wadley declined and Brambilla flew off. Wadley remembered the buried bicycle story and called out, but too late... the chance to confirm or scotch missed." 
Death.
Wadley remained disillusioned at the closure of "Sporting Cyclist" - "the only time I saw him angry", said Peter Bryan - and at being fired from "International Cycle Sport" and at the mixed success of his book-publishing venture. He died in March 1981 and his ashes were scattered on the col du Glandon in the Alps. His widow, Mary, had asked that his ashes be scattered on the route of the Tour.
They were taken by a group of readers led by the British enthusiast, Neville Chanin. They scattered them on Bastille Day during the Tour de France. Chanin wrote:
Peter Bryan said: "Wadley's beautiful turn of phrase could be applied equally to a touring theme or race report, and he carried you, the reader, along with him as though you were riding and hearing his words borne from the front saddle."
Ron Kitching said: 
He wasn't ruthless enough to be a businessman, he just floated through life absorbing the cycling scene and reflecting it in his articles and books. I don't think Jock ever worked as such, he just put down in words what his thoughts were. Jock was a real gentleman but he did tend to wander off. We were sponsoring the Tour of the North and "International Cycle Sport" was one of the sponsors. He turned up on his bike, just pottering about. He seemed more interested in riding his bike than covering the race. Which was his downfall, really.
An annual road race is held near Colchester each summer in Wadley's memory. Wadley had been president of the Colchester Rovers. A collection of his writing was published in 2002: "From the pen of J. B. Wadley", ed: Adrian Bell, Mousehold Press, Norwich.

</doc>
<doc id="19474607" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19474607" title="Noble Silence">
Noble Silence

Noble Silence is a term attributed to the Buddha, for his reported responses to certain questions about reality. One such instance is when he was asked the fourteen unanswerable questions. In similar situations he often responded to antinomy-based descriptions of reality by saying that both antithetical options presented to him were inappropriate. 
This does not indicate misology or disdain for philosophy on the Buddha's part. Rather, it indicates that he viewed these questions as not leading to true knowledge. Dependent origination is one of the Buddha's great contributions to philosophy, and provides a framework for analysis of reality that is not based on metaphysical assumptions regarding existence or non-existence, but instead on direct cognition of phenomena as they are presented to the mind. This informs and supports the Buddhist approach to liberation via ethical and meditative training known as the Noble Eightfold Path.

</doc>
<doc id="19474611" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19474611" title="Sibusiso Ntuli">
Sibusiso Ntuli

Sibusiso Spoko Ntuli (born 10 October 1988 in Umlazi) is a South African football midfielder who currently plays for F.C. Cape Town.
Career.
He played for National First Division club Nathi Lions, AmaZulu and had a short stint with another First Division side Western Province United. and F.C. Cape Town. In July 2011, he joined Slovak club FC Nitra.
International career.
Ntuli is a former SA Under-20 international striker.

</doc>
<doc id="19474635" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19474635" title="CDMA Subscriber Identity Module">
CDMA Subscriber Identity Module

A CDMA Subscriber Identity Module (CSIM) is an application to support CDMA2000 phones that runs on a UICC, with a file structure derived from the R-UIM card. By porting the application to the UICC (Universal Integrated Circuit Card), a card with CSIM, SIM, and USIM can operate with all major cellular technologies worldwide. The CSIM application allows users to change phones by simply removing the smart card from one mobile phone and inserting it into another mobile phone or broadband telephony device supporting the CDMA2000 radio interface.
CSIM Application File System.
The CSIM application contains a file system with a number of parameters needed to operate on cdmaOne/CDMA2000 ("CDMA") networks. Each parameter, or a group of related parameters, is specified with a unique identifier with an implicit or explicit length, and is considered a separate Elementary File (EF). The following examples are taken from the 3GPP2 specification.

</doc>
<doc id="19474643" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19474643" title="Ninglinspo">
Ninglinspo

The Ninglinspo is a stream in Belgium, tributary of the Amblève upstream from Remouchamps around Quarreux. The valley of Ninglinspo is classed as an outstanding heritage area of Wallonia. It runs between Vert-Buisson and Nonceveux. The Ninglinspo forms rapids around enormous blocks of quartzite, forming a series of pools with evocative names. The site is favoured by tourists due to its beauty. 
The Ninglinspo valley has been entirely lit to allow for nighttime walks. 
This exceptional natural beauty has inspired a number of local legends. 

</doc>
<doc id="19474650" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19474650" title="1994 British Speedway League Division Two">
1994 British Speedway League Division Two


</doc>
<doc id="19474654" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19474654" title="Raúl Avilés">
Raúl Avilés

Ney Raúl Avilés (born February 17, 1964 in Guayaquil) is a retired Ecuadorian football striker. He played 55 times for the Ecuador national team, scoring 16 goals between 1987 and 1993.
Avilés started his career in 1985 with 9 de Octubre, he soon joined Club Sport Emelec where he was part of the championship winning team of 1988. 
He joined rivals Barcelona Sporting Club in 1993, but missed out on their 1995 championship success as he spent that season with Liga de Portoviejo. He returned to Barcelona and in 1997 won his 2nd league championship he remained with the club until 2000.
He spent his last year playing for Santa Rita Vinces in the Ecuadorian 2nd division.
At international level Avilés, he is the fifth highest scoring player in the history of the Ecuador national team. He participated in four editions of the Copa América in 1987, 1989, 1991 and 1993

</doc>
<doc id="19474675" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19474675" title="Saul Rose">
Saul Rose

Saul Rose (born 1973) is an English folk melodeon player and singer.
Biography.
Born in Harrow, he first picked up the melodeon after breaking his leg at the age of eleven and was taught his first tunes by his father.
After entering the BBC Radio 2 Young Tradition Award in 1991 (which he didn't win) he gained some exposure. Through that he was invited to join the ceilidh band Phungus as cover for the main melodeon player Paul Nye who had been unwell. This line up has evolved into Random (band) which plays folk festivals and has recorded two albums.
In early 1994 he met Eliza Carthy, and with Nancy Kerr they formed The Kings of Calicutt. Subsequently he joined . He toured extensively with both bands and eventually formed a successful duo with Eliza Carthy.
With Dan Plews, Rose formed Dansaul. More recently Rose has joined Faustus and Whapweasel, played in Ruth Notman's band, and re-launched his duo with hammered dulcimer player and fellow Kings of Calicutt member Maclaine Colston. In summer 2009 he joined Jim Moray's regular band.
In 2009 Rose was nominated for the 2010 BBC Radio 2 Folk Awards in the category "Musician of the Year", but lost out to fellow squeezebox player John Kirkpatrick.
In 2011 Rose took the part of the Songman in the West End play War Horse (play) playing and singing as well as some acting roles.

</doc>
<doc id="19474693" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19474693" title="Ich werde hier sein im Sonnenschein und im Schatten">
Ich werde hier sein im Sonnenschein und im Schatten

Ich werde hier sein im Sonnenschein und im Schatten is a novel by Swiss writer Christian Kracht. It was published by Kiepenheuer & Witsch in September 2008. The title, translating to "I'll be here in sunshine and in shadow", is from the lyrics to the Irish anthem Danny Boy.
The novel presents an alternate history of Switzerland in which Lenin did not leave Switzerland for Russia in 1917 to bring about the Russian Revolution. Instead, Lenin's revolution took place in Switzerland, transforming it into the "Swiss Socialist Republic", a Communist state engaged in the colonisation of Africa and in perpetual war with other totalitarian empires, notably with a federation of British and German fascists. The plot of the novel, set in around 2010, traces a black Swiss political commissar's journey to the heart of the empire, the gigantic alpine Reduit, where he is to arrest Brazhinsky, an enemy of the state.
"Ich werde hier sein"'s surreal setting and precise prose has garnered acclaim in the German-speaking literary world. "Die Welt" called it a "glorious horror story"; the "Süddeutsche Zeitung" praised the writing as not only deeply reminiscent of Ernst Jünger, but also as the "most beautiful German prose currently on offer" and "Die Zeit" hailed the work as "possibly the novel of the year". But the "Frankfurter Rundschau" 's reviewer discounted "Ich werde hier sein" as "simply moronic" and "Die Tageszeitung" found the text to be too diffuse and incoherent, amounting to just a "drug-clouded scenery".
The novel has been translated into Russian, Croatian, Swedish, Polish, Bulgarian, Korean, French and Dutch.

</doc>
<doc id="19474694" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19474694" title="Gord Smith (sculptor)">
Gord Smith (sculptor)

Gord Smith, (October 8, 1937,Montreal- ) is a Canadian sculptor who sculpts geometric forms in metal and wood. His artwork is in the collection of the National Gallery of Canada, the Montreal Museum of Fine Arts, the Confederation Centre Art Gallery and the Montreal Museum of Contemporary Art.
Gord Smith studied Architecture and Engineering at Sir George Williams University, and went on to work with the architectural firm of Lawson Betts and Cash in Montreal from 1956 to 1958. In 1967, he was elected to the Royal Canadian Academy of Arts (RCA). He was Assistant Professor in the Department of Visual Arts of the University of Victoria from 1972 to 1975. In 1993–94, he assumed a teaching role as Visiting Professor in the Department of Art and History, McMaster University, Hamilton.

</doc>
<doc id="19474708" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19474708" title="New York Times Building (disambiguation)">
New York Times Building (disambiguation)

New York Times Building may refer to the following New York City buildings in Times Square:

</doc>
<doc id="19474728" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19474728" title="Servant Air">
Servant Air

Servant Air, Inc. is an American regional airline based in Alaska, USA. It operates domestic scheduled passenger and charter services. Its base is Kodiak Airport.
History.
The airline was established in the spring of 2003 with a single Cessna 207. Currently, the airline operates a fleet consisting of a Cessna 185 Floatplane, and Cessna 206 and Cessna 207, Piper Lance, Britten Norman Islanders operating schedules to multiple villages on Kodiak Island.
Fleet.
The Servant Air fleet includes a Cessna 207, Piper Lance, and Islander.
Destinations.
Servant Air offers scheduled passenger service to the following destinations in Alaska:
Servant Air also offers unscheduled passenger service to:

</doc>
<doc id="19474740" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19474740" title="Garbh">
Garbh

Garbh is an Irish word describing a "rugged" landscape feature.
It can be found in :

</doc>
<doc id="19474746" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19474746" title="1993 British Speedway League Division Two">
1993 British Speedway League Division Two


</doc>
<doc id="19474749" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19474749" title="Jont">
Jont

Jont (Full name Jonathan Mark Smith Whittington) is a British Singer-songwriter. First achieving prominence as a slow left-arm spinner for Middlesex County Cricket Club, he then shifted focus to poetry then to music. He is perhaps best known for his song "Sweetheart" which appears on the soundtrack to the 2005 US comedy film Wedding Crashers. Two tracks from his 2008 album "Supernatural" were featured in Season Five of US medical drama Grey's Anatomy.
History.
Early years.
Dividing his youth between the USA and England, Jont first started writing poems aged fourteen While still a teenager he toured the United States conducting interviews with a series of prominent American poets including Allen Ginsberg and Jonathan Williams. Returning to England at age eighteen, Whittington began playing for Middlesex as a slow left-arm spinner and Phil Tufnell's number two. He made a single first-class appearance for the county against Cambridge University at Fenner's in 1992, with Whittington not required to bat in the match, while with the ball he went wicketless. During this period he attended Manchester University to study English and American Literature
Music career.
Frustrated with the limited reception his poetry was achieving, Whittington started performing as a musician in the groups Your Baby and Funnybone before going solo. After leaving University he moved to London, attaining a residency at the 12 Bar Club which he called Unlit. Over the next five years he would play host to and perform with such artists as Tom Baxter, Polly Paulusma, Solomon (later to become The Duke Spirit), Boo Hewerdine, Archie Bronson Outfit, Adem and Antonio Forcione.
During this time Whittington recorded his first albums, "Life Is Fine" and ""28"" on his own label Unlit Records.
In 2003 Whittington moved to New York whereupon he began regularly performing with artists such as Joan As Policewoman and Artanker Convoy. During this period he was taken under the wing of Fleetwood Mac manager Tony Dimitriades in Los Angeles and, after moving to Hollywood, began working with several producers including Tom Rothrock, Bill Laswell and Mushroom from Massive Attack. 
In 2005 he released the EP "One Long Song" which was awarded four stars from Q Magazine. The track, "You Can Be The Stars", was given high rotation on Dermot O'Leary's BBC Radio 2 show and Whittington appeared on the show to perform live. His cover of Goldfrapp's "Number 1" was subsequently released on the compilation album "". The song "Sweetheart" from the EP was used during the end credits of the Hollywood comedy "Wedding Crashers". In the summer of 2006, Whittington toured the USA. Following this tour at the invitation of the BBC performed as part of the Electric Proms.
2008 saw the release of the album "Supernatural", recorded in Paris and London. In September the track "Another Door Closes", was featured in the Season Five premiere of the US medical drama, Grey's Anatomy and received airplay from Jonathan Ross on BBC Radio 2. 
In March 2009 the track "Don't Waste All Your Tears" was featured in Season Seven of CBS primetime show Without A Trace and the song "Sweetheart" was featured in Season Five of Grey's Anatomy in April.
Jont released his third studio album "Set It Free" in May 2010 followed by his fourth album "Whole Again" in November 2010 - the first to be released solely thoroughly through his own webstore.
Unlit.
In the summer of 2006, Whittington posted a message on his Myspace profile essentially inviting people to offer their homes as venues for his tour of USA - a concept simply tagged "Unlit". Cameraman Dave Depares joined him to document the tour, and the resulting ten-part video blog series was posted on Youtube entitled "The State We're In". 
From April to May 2008 Whittington and Depares filmed a second ten-part series of their video blog, this time entitled "The House We're In" and taking Unlit to Myspace user's houses in the UK. 
Shortly after this UK telecoms company Orange commissioned a third series of the show, called "The Road We're On", as part of their "I Am Everyone" campaign. Episodes were premiered on Myspace a week before being posted on Youtube. Eight episodes were posted, plus a twenty-minute retrospective documentary, which was posted on Dailymotion. 
The Unlit series has been viewed by over two million people.
In October 2008 in conjunction with the BBC Radio 2's Dermot O'Leary show and the BBC's Electric Proms, the Unlit series culminated in an Electric Proms/Unlit event in North London.
"Unlit has developed from an underground movement to a viral phenonemon worldwide" - The Guardian

</doc>
<doc id="19474771" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19474771" title="1992 Buenos Aires Grand Prix – World Cup Formula 3000">
1992 Buenos Aires Grand Prix – World Cup Formula 3000

The 1992 Buenos Aires Grand Prix was a motor race held at Buenos Aires on December 13, 1992, in the Autódromo Oscar Alfredo Gálvez.
It was titled the World Cup Formula 3000 and was a one-off non-championship event, mostly using teams and drivers that took part in the 1992 International Formula 3000 season.

</doc>
<doc id="19474796" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19474796" title="1992 British Speedway League Division Two">
1992 British Speedway League Division Two


</doc>
<doc id="19474804" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19474804" title="Utah State Route 62">
Utah State Route 62

Utah State Route 62 (SR-62) is a state highway in the U.S. state of Utah. Over a span of , it connects the cities of Junction and Kingston in Piute County to SR-24 in Sevier County to the northwest.
Route description.
The route begins on US-89 just south of Junction and proceeds east through the city of Kingston and into Kingston Canyon alongside the East Fork Sevier River. After approximately , the route exits the canyon into Grass Valley and turns to the north-northeast as it passes SR-22 (to Antimony) and Otter Creek Reservoir. Continuing north-northeast through Grass Valley, the route passes through the towns of Angle, Greenwich, and Koosharem. The route turns to the northwest as it passes by Burrville, exits Grass Valley, and enters Plateau Valley shortly before it ends at its intersection with SR-24.
History.
The road from Plateau Junction to SR-22 was designated a state highway in 1931 as State Route 62. In 1953, a spur was added to the town of Burrville. In 1962, the route was realigned along Otter Creek Reservoir to a new road slightly to the west. In 1967, the portion of SR-22 from former SR-11 (US-89) was reassigned to SR-62. In 1969, the Burrville spur was removed.

</doc>
<doc id="19474808" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19474808" title="Sense of agency">
Sense of agency

The "sense of agency" (SA) refers to the subjective awareness that one is initiating, executing, and controlling one's own volitional actions in the world. It is the pre-reflective awareness or implicit sense that it is I who is executing bodily movement(s) or thinking thoughts. In normal, non-pathological experience, the SA is tightly integrated with one's "sense of ownership" (SO), which is the pre-reflective awareness or implicit sense that one is the owner of an action, movement or thought. If someone else were to move your arm (while you remained passive) you would certainly have sensed that it were your arm that moved and thus a sense of ownership (SO) for that movement. However, you would not have felt that you were the author of the movement; you would not have a sense of agency (SA). 
Normally SA and SO are tightly integrated, such that while typing one has an enduring, embodied, and tacit sense that "my own fingers are doing the moving" (SO) "and" that "the typing movements are controlled (or volitionally directed) by me" (SA). In patients suffering from certain forms of pathological experience (i.e., schizophrenia) the integration of SA and SO may become disrupted in some manner. In this case, movements may be executed or thoughts made manifest, for which the schizophrenic patient has a sense of ownership, but not a sense of agency. 
Regarding SA for both motor movements and thoughts, further distinctions may be found in both first-order (immediate, pre-reflective) experience and higher-order (reflective or introspective) consciousness. For example, while typing I have a sense of control and thus SA for the on-going action of typing; this is an example of SA in first-order experience which is immediate and prior to any explicit intellectual reflection upon the typing actions "themselves". In this case, I am not focusing on the typing movements "per se" but rather, I am involved with the task at hand. If I'm subsequently asked if I just performed the action of typing, I can correctly attribute agency to myself. This is an example of a higher-order, reflective, conscious "attribution" of agency, which is a derivative notion stemming from the immediate, "pre"-reflective "sense" of agency.
Definition.
The concept of agency implies an active organism, one who desires, makes plans, and carries out actions. The sense of agency plays a pivotal role in cognitive development, including the first stage of self-awareness (or pre-theoretical experience of one's own mentality), which scaffolds theory of mind capacities. Indeed, the ability to recognize oneself as the agent of a behavior is the way the self builds as an entity independent from the external world. The sense of agency and its scientific study has important implications in social cognition, moral reasoning, and psychopathology. The conceptual distinction between SA and SO was defined by philosopher and phenomenologist Shaun Gallagher. Using a different terminology, essentially the same distinction has been made by John Campbell and Lynn Stephens & George Graham.
Neuroscience of the sense of agency.
A number of experiments in normal individuals has been undertaken in order to determine the functional anatomy of the sense of agency. These experiments have consistently documented the role of the posterior parietal cortex as a critical link within the simulation network for self-recognition. Activation of the right inferior parietal lobe/temporoparietal junction correlates with the subjective sense of ownership in action execution. Posterior parietal lesions, especially on the right side, impair the ability of recognizing one's own body parts and self-attributing one's own movements.
Accumulating evidence from functional neuroimaging studies, as well as lesion studies in neurological patients indicates that the right inferior parietal cortex, at the junction with the posterior temporal cortex (TPJ, temporoparietal junction), plays a critical role in the distinction between self-produced actions and actions perceived in others. Lesions of this region can produce a variety of disorders associated with body knowledge and self-awareness such as anosognosia, asomatognosia, or somatoparaphrenia. Electrical stimulation of the TPJ can elicit out-of-body experiences (i.e., the experience of dissociation of self from the body).
The investigation of the neural correlates of reciprocal imitation is extremely important because it provides an ecological paradigm (a situation close to everyday life) to address the issue of the sense of agency. There is good evidence that reciprocal imitation plays a constitutive role in the early development of an implicit sense of self as a social agent. In one functional neuroimaging experiment, participants were scanned while they imitated an experimenter performing constructions with small objects and while the experimenter, while performing such a manipulation, imitated the participants. Across both conditions, the participants' sense of ownership (the sense that it is I who am experiencing the movement or thought) as well as the visual and somatosensory inputs are similar or coincide. What differs between imitating and being imitated is the agent who initiated the action. Several key regions were involved in the two conditions of reciprocal imitation compared to a control condition (in which subjects acted differently from the experimenter), namely in the superior temporal sulcus, the temporoparietal cortex (TPJ), and the medial prefrontal cortex.
Another approach to understanding the neuroscientific underpinnings of the sense of agency is to examine clinical conditions in which purposeful limb movement occurs "without" an associated sense of agency. The most clear clinical demonstration of this situation is alien hand syndrome. In this condition, associated with specific forms of brain damage, the affected individual loses the sense of agency without losing a sense of ownership of the affected body part.
Agency and psychopathology.
Marc Jeannerod proposed that the process of self-recognition operates covertly and effortlessly. It depends upon a set of mechanisms involving the processing of specific neural signals, from sensory as well as from central origin. Researchers have used experimental situations, in both healthy participants and schizophrenic patients, where these signals can be dissociated from each other and where self-recognition becomes ambiguous. These situations reveal that there are two levels of self-recognition, an automatic level for action identification, and a conscious level for the sense of agency, which both rely on the same principle of congruence of the action-related signals. 
Investigation of the sense of agency is important to explain positive symptoms of schizophrenia, like thought insertion and delusions of control. The core of the problem met by these patients is a disturbance of their sense of agency: the first rank symptoms, which represent one of the major features of the disease, are nothing but a loss of the ability to attribute their own thoughts, internal speech, covert or overt actions to themselves. Nonattributed or misattributed thoughts and actions then become a material for delusional interpretation and delirium. A study has shown that in schizophrenic patients the feeling of alien control (i.e., delusions of control) during a movement task is associated with an increased metabolic activity in the right inferior parietal cortex.

</doc>
<doc id="19474811" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19474811" title="Karl Lucas">
Karl Lucas

Karl Lucas is an English comedian, actor and writer, who has written for and appeared in a number of television, music videos and radio comedy programmes, as well as various theatre productions.
Lucas worked on Galaxy 102's Breakfast show which collectively won three Sony Awards (1999/2000) - Gold in 1999 and Silver in 2000 for Best Breakfast Show. Lucas was writer and comedy sidekick on the show and was awarded his own Sony Award (Bronze)for his part of the 'Sticker Vicar' in 1999.
Lucas is a graduate of Salford University,with a B.A. Honours and HND in Performing Arts.He is one of a handful of performers who have graduated from Salford University with distinction and is entered in their 'Hall of Fame'
Lucas played Richard, a member of the fictional Pop group "2 Up, 2 down" on "Peter Kay's Britain's Got the Pop Factor... and Possibly a New Celebrity Jesus Christ Soapstar Superstar Strictly on Ice" (2008) a spoof on the talent show genre of programmes. Some of the shows most memorable moments saw "2 Up 2 Down" singing a duet with Rick Astley, getting Hip-Hop dance lessons off Lionel Blair and Richard's rap in the middle of "The Winner's Song" (which was co-written by Gary Barlow).
He is the only British comedian who has worked as a warm up on American TV shows: America's Got Talent and Osbournes Reloaded and is rumoured to be heading out to the states to be working on the new series of The X Factor
Peter Kay.
Lucas has worked closely with Peter Kay on many of his TV,DVD,Music and Stand-Up projects,as Writer, Actor and Director.("see TV Appearances/Radio Appearances/Writing").
He was Tour Manager for Peter Kay's Mum Wants a Bungalow Tour and filmed/directed a documentary called One Hundred and Eighty: The Tour Documentary.Lucas has always supported Comic Relief and donated his time as a consultant writer/backstage director on the Comic Relief Charity singles 500 Miles and Is this the way to Amarillo and also has cameo appearances in both videos."(see TV Appearances 'Raiders of the Pop Charts' & Music Videos)".
He most recently was credited with 'special thanks' for Susan Boyle and Geraldine McQueen's Comic Relief 2011 hilarious cover of I know him so well.
Writing.
He has written scripts, story lines, additional material, sketches and provided material for Britain's Got The Pop Factor ... And Possibly A New Celebrity Jesus Christ Soapstar Superstar Strictly On Ice., The Coronation Street Panto, Coronation Street, You've Been Framed, Ant and Dec's Saturday Night Takeaway "(he also named this show and helped devise it)", A Question of TV}, Soap Fever, Loose Women, Max and Paddy's Power of Two, and in the U.S.A Osbournes Reloaded.
In 2011 he wrote and directed This Morning's first ever live Pantomime.Cinderella featured the regular cast in an all singing and dancing live spectacular.
Lucas has also written sketches for This Morning's Promotional Trailers, starring Phillip Shcofeild and Holly Willoby and Eammonn Holmes and Ruth Langsford.
TV warm up.
Lucas has been a TV warm-Up Man since 1994.
His first professional job in TV was a warm up man on University Challenge.
He has since worked on numerous TV shows:Loose Women Who Dares Sings, The Record of the Year, Russian Roulette, Ant and Dec's Saturday Night Takeaway, Icons, The Katy and Peter Show,he also worked on the badly received The David Dickinson show and Epic Win, Channel 4 for The Derren Brown Show and ITV Studios for Let's Do Lunch With Gino & Mel and on Peter Kay's Live at The Bolton Albert Hall.
He has recently been seen doing Take me Out, Piers Morgan Tonight, It'll be alright on the night, Surprise-Surprise, Paddy's TV Guide, Baggage, Beats TV and Daybreak.
He has recently been warming up on the BBC flagship shows Strictly come dancing 2013,The Voice UK 2013 as well as ITV2s Celebrity Juice and the X Factor on ITV.
And in the U.S.A Osbournes:Reloaded and America's Got Talent.
TV producing.
Lucas worked in the U.S.A. as a Content Producer (2008-9)for Fremantle Media on Osbournes:Reloaded.
DJ.
Lucas is also a Disc Jockey having worked at Nightclubs and Venues all around the UK (including the infamous Hacienda nightclub), and in the U.S.A where he DJ'd the America's Got Talent wrap party at CBS Studios.
"Notably" he was DJ/Compere at JK Rowling's MS charity event in Edinburgh in July 2008, Coleen Rooney's 21st birthday and Coleen Nolan's wedding.He has also DJ'd at many charity events,TV wrap parties and ITV's Xmas parties. .
Awards.
In 1999 The Galaxy 102 Breakfast Show was Awarded the Gold for best breakfast show and the Bronze Award for the 'Sticker Vicar'.
In 2000 The Galaxy 102 Breakfast Show was awarded a silver Sony award, Karl's third Sony award. The show was produced by Simon Richie, directed by Paul Saunders, written by Karl Lucas and presented by Adam Cole, Emma Wasden, Karl Lucas and Mike Maguire. Karl's most notable contributions were for writing comedy sketches, song parodies and playing the part of "Sticker Vicar" who was introduced two years prior.
Britain's Got The Pop Factor ... And Possibly A New Celebrity Jesus Christ Soapstar Superstar Strictly On Ice was Peter Kay‘s first original show for over four years, and pulled in a massive 7.1 million viewers – making it one of Channel 4‘s highest rated shows of all time. Winner of ‘Best Comedy Performance‘ at the RTS Awards – describing it as "brilliantly visually realised, and a perfect parody of the genre"; the series also received ‘Best British Comedy Television Programme‘ award from BAFTA LA and the ‘Best Music / Variety Program‘ at the Banff World Television awards and also received an Emmy nomination for International Comedy in 2009.
Granada Studios Tour.
Lucas worked a Granada Studios Tour from 2000 to 2009 in various roles ranging from Number 10 Downing Street Policeman, New York Cop, Baker Street Characters, German Guard at Checkpoint Charlie and many others.
Notably he worked as writer/performer in the House of Commons Show "(a live comedy debate,set in a lifesize version of the House of Commons)". Lucas played the roles of Speaker of the House, Black Rod and Labour and Conservative Members of Parliament.
At the "Studios Tour" Live action shows were performed at intervals throughout each day, including a parody of a political debate in the House of Commons chamber set used for First Among Equals. This set was often used by other television productions wanting to set scenes in the Commons chamber, such as The New Statesman, and in 2002 was purchased by the scriptwriter Paul Abbott so that it could be used in his BBC drama serial State of Play.
Bill Bryson.
Bill Bryson wrote about Lucas's appearance in the Granada Studios Tour in its House of Commons show, in the book "Notes from a Small Island"

</doc>
<doc id="19474830" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19474830" title="Fran Mullins">
Fran Mullins

Francis Joseph Mullins (born May 14, 1957) is an American retired professional baseball player. He played in Major League Baseball (MLB) as an infielder. Mullins played at least one game at all four infield positions, but saw most of his playing time at third base and shortstop.
Mullins attended Santa Clara University, and played college baseball for the Santa Clara Broncos. He was drafted by the Chicago White Sox in the 1978 and 1979 amateur drafts. After the 1979 draft, Mullins went professional.
Mullins made his MLB debut with the White Sox in 1980. After the 1983 season, the White Sox traded Mullins to the Cincinnati Reds for Steve Christmas. Mullins played for the Indians in 1986, and was released after the season.

</doc>
<doc id="19474853" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19474853" title="Michael McGurk">
Michael McGurk

Michael McGurk (died 22 June 1948) was a nationalist politician and farmer in Northern Ireland.
McGurk became active in the Irish Home Rule campaign in the early 1900s. He was subsequently elected to Tyrone County Council and Cookstown Rural District Council. 
McGurk was elected to the Parliament of Northern Ireland as an Independent Nationalist and Farmers' candidate at a by-election in Mid Tyrone in 1941. He held the seat at the Northern Ireland general election, 1945, and was active mainly on agricultural issues. In Parliament, he sat with the Nationalist Party group.

</doc>
<doc id="19474855" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19474855" title="WSO2 Mashup Server">
WSO2 Mashup Server

The WSO2 Mashup Server is an open source mashup platform that hosts JavaScript based mashups. It is based on Apache Axis2 and other open source projects, and provides JavaScript authors the ability to consume, compose and emit web services, feeds, scraped web pages, email, and instant messages. The source code is freely available under the open source Apache License. It provides a runtime platform for developing and deploying mashups. It can be downloaded and deployed locally or within an organization.
The WSO2 Mashup Server is "web services centric" in that each mashup exposes a new web service, which can be consumed by other mashups, web service clients, or Ajax style web pages. The securability of web services make them an attractive technology within organizations deploying a service-oriented architecture (SOA) and for business mashups.
To date, it is the only open source composition platform available for mashup developers.
JavaScript as a mashup composition language.
Mashups are composed using server side JavaScript in the WSO2 Mashup Server. A set of language extensions along with E4X provides domain specific features such as;
Web scraping.
The syntax is identical to another open source web scraping tool called web harvest.

</doc>
<doc id="19474857" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19474857" title="1939 college football season">
1939 college football season

The 1939 NCAA football season concluded with the Aggies of The Agricultural and Mechanical College of Texas (Texas A&M) being named as the national champions by the voters in the Associated Press writers' poll. 
The Volunteers of the University of Tennessee were unbeaten and untied, and unscored upon, shutting out all of their opponents in ten games; but for the second straight year, they finished second in the poll. The final AP Poll in this era came out before postseason bowl games and, in the 1940 Rose Bowl, the Volunteers were unable to hold everyone scoreless, with the University of Southern California registering two touchdowns and beating them 14-0. As a consequence, the Dickinson System named USC, which had been ranked No. 3 in the final AP Poll before the bowl games, the national champion. As a result the USC Trojans now claim a share of the 1939 title. However, USC did not begin recognizing 1939 as a national championship until 2004.
The first AP Poll of the season was taken after four weeks of play, starting with October 16. Each writer listed his choice for the top ten teams, and points were tallied based on 10 for first place, 9 for second, etc., and the AP then ranked the twenty teams with the highest number of points.
September.
September 30 Defending champion TCU lost at UCLA, 6–2, on 9/29, and finished 3–7–0. Tennessee won at N.C. State, 13–0. Duke beat Davidson 26–6. Oklahoma and SMU played to a 7–7 tie. Notre Dame beat Purdue 3–0. Tulane edged Clemson 7–6. Fordham defeated Waynesberg 34–7 in the first-ever televised football game.
October.
October 7 Tennessee beat Sewanee 40-0. Duke defeated Colgate 37-0. Notre Dame beat Georgia Tech 17-14. Tulane beat Auburn 12-0. Oklahoma won at Northwestern, 23-0.
October 14 Pittsburgh beat Duke 14-13.
Tennessee won at Chattanooga, 28-0.
Notre Dame edged SMU, 20-19.
Tulane beat Fordham 7-0.
Oklahoma beat Texas 24-12.
October 21 #1 Pittsburgh lost to cross-town rival Duquesne, 21-13. In Cleveland, #2 Notre Dame defeated Navy, 14-7. #3 Oklahoma beat Kansas 27-7. #4 Tulane and visiting #14 North Carolina played to a 14-14 tie. #5 Tennessee continued shutting out its opponents, beating #8 Alabama 21-0, and was voted #1 in the next poll. #6 Michigan visited the Windy City and handed the University of Chicago an 85-0 defeat. #9 Texas A&M reached 5-0-0 with a 20-6 win over TCU, and rose to fifth in the next poll. #10 Ohio State won at Minnesota, 23-20.
October 28 
November.
November 4 #1 Tennessee won at #18 LSU, 20-0. #2 Michigan lost at unranked Illinois, 16-7. #3 Cornell beat Columbia 13-7. At Yankee Stadium, #4 Notre Dame beat Army 14-0. #5 Texas A&M won at Arkansas 27-0. #7 USC beat #11 Oregon State 19-7 in Portland.
November 11 #1 Tennessee shut out the Citadel, 34-0
November 18 #1 Tennessee extended its shutout streak, beating Vanderbilt 13-0. Having outscored its opposition, 186-0, Tennessee had a record of 8-0-0, but fell to second in the poll that followed.
In the next poll, Texas A&M-- which had gotten none of the first place votes the week before—was first, with 38 votes. Tennessee, which had had 66 of the 85 #1 votes the week before, had 33 on the new round of ballots, and finished second. There were 20 for Cornell, and 11 for USC.
November 25
On Thanksgiving Day, which fell on November 30 in 1939, #1 Texas A&M beat Texas 20-0, to complete an 10-0-0 season, and #4 Tennessee won at Kentucky, 19-0. Two days later, 
December 2, #1 USC beat Washington 9-7. #5 Tulane beat LSU 33-20.
December 9
Conference standings.
The following is a potentially incomplete list of conference standings:

</doc>
<doc id="19474858" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19474858" title="1991 British Speedway League Division Two">
1991 British Speedway League Division Two


</doc>
<doc id="19474870" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19474870" title="Sam Harding (rugby union)">
Sam Harding (rugby union)

Samuel Harding (born 1 December 1980) is a rugby union footballer who plays at flanker. He was born in Subiaco.
In 2002, Harding won a cap with the All Blacks against Fiji.
Between 2002 to 2004, Harding played for the Highlanders and spent the following season with the Crusaders where he won his first Super 12 competition. In September 2005, he moved to Northampton Saints and then onto Ulster. He commenced his retirement from the game in 2007 with a one year stint in Italy at Rugby Viadana and then played his final season in Seville, Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="19474884" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19474884" title="The X-Files (composition)">
The X-Files (composition)

"The X-Files" is a 1996 instrumental recorded by American film and television composer Mark Snow. It is a remixed version of the original theme Snow composed for the science fiction television series "The X-Files" in 1993. Released in March 1996 in most countries, it achieved a huge success, particularly in France where it reached number-one on the singles chart.
The composition has since been covered by DJ Dado and Mike Oldfield among others. The song was also used as background music for a sketch in the 1998 Alvin and the Chipmunks album "" where Alvin portrayed "Agent Moldy" and Brittany portrayed "Agent Scuzzy."
Mark Snow version.
Song information.
"The X-Files" typically used more instrumental music score than most hour-long dramas. According to the "Behind the Truth" segment on the Season 1 DVD, Mark Snow created the echo effect on his famous "X-Files" theme song by accident. Snow said that he had gone through several revisions, but Chris Carter felt that something was not quite right. Carter walked out of the room and Snow put his hand and forearm on his keyboard in frustration. Snow said, "this sound was in the keyboard. And that was it."
Chart performances.
The single went straight to #2 on March 30, 1996, on the UK Singles Chart and stayed there for three weeks, then kept on dropping. In France, the single entered the chart at #42 on April 6, 1996, climbed quickly until reaching #2 four weeks later. It remained blocked for five weeks at this position, behind Robert Miles's hit "Children", then topped the chart for a sole week, becoming the second instrumental number-one hit, before climbing. It totaled 12 weeks in the top ten and 30 weeks in the top 50. The single was re-charted from October 1998, but remained in low positions. It is the 754th best-selling single of all time in France. As a result, a remix CD single was released, but is much more uncommon.
DJ Dado version.
At the same time, DJ Dado covered the song in a dance version which became a top ten hit in many countries, including #1 in Denmark, though it failed to reach the top ten in France and Germany.
In the US, this version was featured on the "Pure Moods" compilation album 1997 re-release.
Triple X version.
The song was also covered by Triple X. This version was less successful than the other two, but reached number two in Australia.
"Tubular X" (Mike Oldfield) version.
"The X-Files Theme" was released as a Japan only EP in 1998 from the soundtrack album "" for the "The X-Files" movie.
The maxi-CD includes four remixes of Mark Snow's theme to the television series, "The X-Files". Notably "Tubular X" is part Snow's theme and consists of parts of Mike Oldfield's "Tubular Bells". Another track from Oldfield also appears, "The Source of Secrets", the opening piece from his "Tubular Bells III" album, which also based upon the same theme from the original "Tubular Bells".

</doc>
<doc id="19474888" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19474888" title="Jonathan Solomons">
Jonathan Solomons

Jonathan Solomons (born 16 January 1976 in Cape Town is a South African football (soccer) winger for Vodacom League club Milano United The Cape Town native, who made his professional debut in 1994 at Hellenic, spent 2006-07 struggling with injury at Celtic, and started in only three cup games while there.

</doc>
<doc id="19474898" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19474898" title="1992 Waldbaum's Hamlet Cup – Singles">
1992 Waldbaum's Hamlet Cup – Singles

Ivan Lendl was the defending champion, but Petr Korda defeated him 6–2, 6–2, in the final.

</doc>
<doc id="19474900" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19474900" title="Edward McCullagh">
Edward McCullagh

Edward Vincent McCullagh was a nationalist politician and farmer in Northern Ireland.
McCullagh was a member of Omagh Rural District Council and was active in his local Gaelic Athletic Association. In 1948, he won a by-election in Mid Tyrone and was elected to the Parliament of Northern Ireland for the Nationalist Party. His chief interests in Parliament were farming and rural issues. 
McCullagh held his seat at the 1949 general election, then worked with the Nationalist MPs Cahir Healy and Joe Connellan and the independent Republican Charles McGleenan in lobbying for admission to the Dáil, as elected representatives of territory it claimed. A motion from Con Lehane proposing this was rejected.
McCullagh lost his seat to the Anti-Partition candidate Liam Kelly at the 1953 general election.

</doc>
<doc id="19474901" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19474901" title="George Edmund Byron Bettesworth">
George Edmund Byron Bettesworth

George Edmund Byron Bettesworth (1785 – 16 May 1808) was a British Naval Officer. During his service he participated in a notable single ship action,and had been wounded 24 times, which is probably a record.
HMS "Phoebe".
At an early age he went to sea as midshipman under Captain Robert Barlow, who commanded the frigate HMS "Phoebe". While with "Phoebe" Bettesworth participated in two notable single ship actions. On 21 December 1797 "Phoebe" captured the French 36-gun frigate "Nérëide". Then on 19 February 1801, she captured the 38-gun "Africaine", which was crowded with the 400 soldiers she was carrying to Egypt. In the battle, "Phoebe" had one man killed and 14 wounded. The French had some 200 men killed, and 143 wounded, many of them critically. The high casualty count was due to the soldiers remaining on deck as a point of honor, even though they could not contribute to the battle.
HMS "Centaur" and HMS "Curieux".
Bettesworth remained with "Phoebe" until January 1804 when was he was promoted to lieutenant on HMS "Centaur". On 4 February 1804 he took part in a cutting out expedition that captured the 16-gun French privateer Curieux at Fort Royal harbour, Martinique. Bettesworth received a slight wound in this engagement. The Royal Navy took "Curieux" into service as the sloop-of-war HMS "Curieux". After her first commander, Robert Carhew Reynolds, died of the wounds he had received during her capture, Bettesworth then became her commander.
While captain of the "Curieux", Bettesworth one day took her jolly boat in shore, together with the purser, who played his violin. A local black came out of the undergrowth on shore and held up a pair of fowl, indicating that he sought to sell them. Bettesworth took the bait and had his men row to the shore. The moment the boat touched the beach, a squadron of cavalry burst from the undergrowth. Their gunfire wounded Bettesworth in the thigh, causing substantial loss of blood, and broke the coxswain's arm. At Bettesworth's urging, the crew of his boat got it off the beach and rowed back to "Curieux". On the way back Bettesworth wanted to open a bottle of champagne, but the purser broke it in his nervousness.
On 8 February 1805, "Curieux" chased the French 16-gun privateer "Dame Ernouf" for twelve hours before being able to bring her to action. After forty minutes of hard fighting the Frenchman, which had a larger crew than "Curieux", maneuvered to attempt a boarding. Bettesworth turned with the result that the French vessel got stuck in a position where "Curieux" could rake her deck. Unable to fight back, the "Dame Ernouff" struck. "Curieux" suffered five killed and four wounded, including Bettesworth, whom a musket ball had hit in the head. The Frenchman had 30 killed and 40 wounded. The French recaptured "Dame Ernouf" shortly thereafter, but the British then recaptured her again too.
That same year (1805) he brought home from Antigua despatches from Admiral Nelson, apprising the government of Admiral Villeneuve's homeward flight from the West Indies. On the way Bettesworth spotted the French fleet and alerted the Admiralty. His information led to Rear Admiral Robert Calder's interception of the Franco-Spanish fleet at the Battle of Finisterre. For his services, Lord Barham promoted Bettesworth to Post-Captain.
HMS "Crocodile".
In July 1806, he became captain of the 22-gun "Banterer" class Post-ship HMS "Crocodile", on the Guernsey station, and later Halifax, Nova Scotia. While with "Crocodile", Bettesworth was involved in an unsuccessful claim for salvage rights to the American vessel "Walker". A French privateer had captured "Walker", but her crew has subsequently recaptured their ship when "Crocodile" came on the scene and escorted her to Halifax. For this service, "Crocodile" claimed salvage rights. The court did not agree.
HMS "Tartar".
In October 1807, Bettesworth took command of the 32-gun frigate HMS "Tartar". That month his cousin, the poet Lord Byron, wrote:
The promised voyage never took place and on 16 May 1808 Bettesworth died in the Battle of Alvøen . "Tartar" was watching some vessels outside Bergen and decided to cut some of them off from the protecting gunboats. However, "Tartar" became becalmed amid the rocks, which enabled the schooner "Odin" and five gunboats to attack. Their first shots killed Bettesworth, and in all "Tartar" lost two dead and seven wounded before she could escape. "Tartar" did manage to sink one gunboat.
Personal.
Bettesworth had married Lady Hannah Althea Grey, the second daughter of General Charles Grey, 1st Earl Grey and Elizabeth Grey, on 24 August 1807, while he was captain on "Crocodile". After Bettesworth's death, she married Edward Ellice, a merchant, on 30 October 1809. She died on 28 July 1832.
Betteworth's body was buried at Howick, Northumberland, in the vault of the Grey family, on 27 May 1808. Major Trevanion, "a brother of Captain Bettesworth", was chief mourner. (Byron's grandmother was a Miss Trevanion.)

</doc>
<doc id="19474912" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19474912" title="1994 British Speedway League">
1994 British Speedway League

Final table.
M = Matches; W = Wins; D = Draws; L = Losses; Pts = Total Points

</doc>
<doc id="19474927" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19474927" title="Plateau Valley">
Plateau Valley

Plateau Valley may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19474944" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19474944" title="Theriot">
Theriot

Theriot is a surname, and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19474949" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19474949" title="1993 British Speedway League">
1993 British Speedway League

Final table.
M = Matches; W = Wins; D = Draws; L = Losses; Pts = Total Points

</doc>
<doc id="19474950" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19474950" title="Operation Atlas">
Operation Atlas

Operation Atlas was a terrorist-attack drill/mockup that took place on 4 June 2008, 
at the Logan airport in Boston, Massachusetts. The massive operation involved real 
airplanes and assault teams, as in an authentic case. In the plot, a band of "terrorists", "hell-bent on death and destruction," 
successfully smuggled weapons and explosives onto a commercial airliner, a 
United Airlines Boeing 757 and threatened to use the aircraft as a missile.
Operation Atlas - essentially a war game - was designed to help more than 50 emergency response, law enforcement, and aviation organizations develop coordination and communications in preparation for a real terrorist attack. These included Massport officials, Federal Air Marshals Service (FAMS), the Department of Homeland Security, the Coast Guard Boston Homeland Security, the Federal Aviation Administration 
(FAA), United Airlines, the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI), the 
Transportation Security Administration (TSA), the Red Cross, and others.
Drama.
The fictional drama begins in Paris, where the terrorists start out by kidnapping 
family of the airport security screeners. They then succeed in smuggling weapons on board.

</doc>
<doc id="19474965" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19474965" title="2013 in sports">
2013 in sports

2013 in sports is listing and describing the major sporting events from the current year: by month and by discipline. The year after the 2012 Summer Olympics and the one before the 2014 Winter Olympics.
Mixed martial arts.
The following is a list of major noteworthy MMA events by month.
January
1/19 — 
February
2/2 — ONE Fighting Championship: Return of Warriors
2/2 — UFC 156: Aldo vs. Edgar
2/23 — UFC 157: Rousey vs. Carmouche
March
April
4/5 — ONE Fighting Championship: Kings and Champions
May
5/31 — ONE Fighting Championship: Rise to Power
June
July
August
8/3 — UFC 163: Aldo vs. Korean Zombie
September
9/4 — 
9/13 — ONE Fighting Championship: Champions & Warriors
October
10/18 — ONE Fighting Championship: Total Domination
10/19 — UFC 166: Velasquez vs. Dos Santos 3
November
December
Road cycling.
One Day Races.
Grand Tours.
World Championships.

</doc>
<doc id="19474983" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19474983" title="1992 British Speedway League">
1992 British Speedway League

Final table.
M = Matches; W = Wins; D = Draws; L = Losses; Pts = Total Points

</doc>
<doc id="19474993" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19474993" title="Anime Milwaukee">
Anime Milwaukee

Anime Milwaukee is an annual three day anime convention held during February at the Hyatt Regency Milwaukee & Wisconsin Center in Milwaukee, Wisconsin. It is Wisconsin's largest anime convention. 
Programming.
The convention typically offers anime music videos, an art contest, fashion show, maid cafe, masquerades, movies, rave, tabletop gaming, vendors, and video game tournaments. 
History.
Anime Milwaukee began in 2007 and was founded by the Japanese Animation Association at the University of Wisconsin-Milwaukee. In 2011, the convention moved to the Hyatt Regency & Frontier Airlines Center in Milwaukee, which allowed for 24-hour programming. Attendees who preregistered for Anime Milwaukee in 2013 could receive a discount for the Distant Worlds concert held the day before the convention on February 14th, 2013. The convention shared space in 2014 at the Wisconsin Center with Pheasant Fest, a hunting convention. The combined conventions economic impact were expected to be $1.5 million.

</doc>
<doc id="19474994" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19474994" title="Pro-Wres no Hoshi Aztecaser">
Pro-Wres no Hoshi Aztecaser

This primarily live-action series is unique, in that, during each climactic battle with the weekly demonic menace, the titular wrestling superhero is able to transform his entire live-action surroundings into anime footage, enabling him to perform superhuman wrestling techniques that are otherwise impossible to perform in live-action.

</doc>
<doc id="19475002" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19475002" title="Daniel Gisiger">
Daniel Gisiger

Daniel Gisiger, born 9 October 1954, in Baccarat, was a Swiss road and [[track cycling|track cyclist. He grew up in Bienne, in RC Olympia Biel-Bienne.

</doc>
<doc id="19475020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19475020" title="Deac Sanders">
Deac Sanders

John "Deac" Sanders (born January 11, 1950 in Chicago, Illinois) is a former American football defensive back in the National Football League. Sanders played college football at South Dakota. He was signed by the New England Patriots as an undrafted free agent in 1974 and played with them for 3 years, first as a cornerback and then as a free safety. Sanders then replaced Bill Bradley (American football) as the starting free safety for the Philadelphia Eagles in 1977, Dick Vermeil's second year as the Eagle head coach, and also in 1978. But in 1979, his final year, he played only one game, replaced by Brenard Wilson.
Personal.
Sanders was a schoolteacher when the Patriots signed him in 1974.

</doc>
<doc id="19475023" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19475023" title="HMS Harwich">
HMS Harwich

Five ships of the Royal Navy have borne the name HMS "Harwich", after the town of Harwich. A sixth was planned, but renamed before entering service:

</doc>
<doc id="19475029" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19475029" title="1991 British Speedway League">
1991 British Speedway League

Final table.
M = Matches; W = Wins; D = Draws; L = Losses; Pts = Total Points

</doc>
<doc id="19475034" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19475034" title="Grass Valley (Utah)">
Grass Valley (Utah)

Grass Valley is a long, narrow valley in eastern Piute and Sevier counties, in Utah. It is bounded on the west and southwest by the Sevier Plateau, on the east by the Parker Range, and is connected to Plateau Valley to the north.
It is also the home of Otter Creek Reservoir (and its eponymous state park), and the towns of Angle, Greenwich, and Koosharem.

</doc>
<doc id="19475042" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19475042" title="Cherryville, Pennsylvania">
Cherryville, Pennsylvania

Cherryville is a census-designated place in Lehigh Township, Northampton County, Pennsylvania. It is approximately east of Walnutport, north of Allentown and northwest of Northampton. It is situated along Pennsylvania Route 248, between the villages of Indianland and Pennsville. The zip code is 18035. Its population was 1,580 as of the 2010 United States Census.

</doc>
<doc id="19475043" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19475043" title="Gwanbok">
Gwanbok

Gwanbok is a Korean general term referring to all business attires of government officers given by government, with Rank badge on them to distinguish hierarchies. It began to be worn since Silla period until Joseon Dynasty. There were several types of "gwanbok" according to status, rank, and occasion such as "jobok", "jebok", "sangbok", "gongbok", "yungbok", and "gunbok". "Jobok" was the "gwanbok" worn for special occasions such as national festivals, or announcement of royal decrees. "Jebok" was the "gwanbok" worn while an ancestor veneration ritual called "jesa" was held. "Sangbok" was worn as a daily official clothing while "gongbok" was worn when officers had an audience with the king at the palace. "Yungbok" was related to military affairs. 
However, as the term in a narrow scope only denote the "gongbok" and "sangbok", it means "dallyeong", robe with a round collar.

</doc>
<doc id="19475044" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19475044" title="Tender (album)">
Tender (album)

Tender is a compilation album by British rock artists Wishbone Ash, released in May 2008 by the Talking Elephant label. It features mellow songs by the band and complements the album "Tough", featuring a compilation of rock numbers, that was released at the same time.

</doc>
<doc id="19475059" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19475059" title="The Mole (Australia season 3)">
The Mole (Australia season 3)

The third season of the Australian version of The Mole took place mostly in Gold Coast, Queensland and was hosted by Grant Bowler.
Show Details.
This season was similar to the previous Australian seasons of "The Mole". A twist introduced this season is that not all assignments are assessed on a pass/fail scheme. i.e. In previous seasons a $10,000 assignment resulted in the team successfully adding $10,000 to the pot, or failing, and adding none. In this season depending on the level of the team's success, they may win a portion of the prize, i.e. $4,000. It had an announced maximum prize to be won of $300,000, with the absolute maximum considerably more than that. The main difference was that it had a larger cast, twelve players rather than ten, and as such, two additional rounds of play. A notable and unique assignment in this season occurred during the fourth round of gameplay, and involved the players being blindfolded and taken to the set of "The Weakest Link", with all money won added to the group kitty and the winner of the game given a free pass through to the next round. Filming took place throughout January and February in 2002, including the Weakest Link special episode. This season coincided with the only series of "Australian Survivor" (which airs an hour later on another network) and produced poor ratings, leading to rumours the show would be cancelled.
Contestants.
Due to the series being based on the Gold Coast, no contestants from Queensland were considered. Instead, contestants from New South Wales (seven), South Australia (one) and Victoria (four) were picked. At the time of the airing of this season, seven contestants were under the age of 30, making this group one of the youngest groups on the Australian version of "The Mole". These are the twelve contestants who were on the show:
Episodes.
Episode 1.
Rescue Jump: After meeting for the first time on board a large boat, the players were told to don wetsuits and prepare for their first assignment, for $10,000, which was to board a helicopter and simulate a rescue jump into the ocean, from 10 meters in height. The players went up in the helicopter in pairs, and although a few of them were frightened, particularly Thao, all of them successfully jumped and the money was won.
Luggage Repack: Immediately after the Rescue Jump, the players were told to prepare to take a plan to trip to Gold Coast. They first had to lighten the amount of luggage they were taking on board with them, and were told that the men had a room to change and unpack luggage and the women the same. What they weren't immediately told was that the men were unpacking the women's bags and the women the men's. Each kilogram that they unpacked from the bags was worth $100 for the kitty. Some of the items that were discarded became important as the season went forward, such as Thao's Elmo doll and Joe's bodybuilding food. The men removed 40 kilos from the women's bags, and the women removed 44 kilos from the men's. This was rounded up to $9,000 total winnings.
Whitewater Rafting: The players were taken to the Gwydir River, made more turbulent by releasing water from the Copeton Dam, and told to raft a 1 kilometer section of the river, for $10,000. If all of them, put into three groups of four, remained in their rafts after a kilometer, $10,000 would be won, but for each person who fell out, $2,000 would be lost. Each raft had a guide, but it was up to the contestants to provide the rowing power and most of the steering. Before the assignment properly started, the host offered to allow anyone, even the entire group, to back out and not risk losing $2,000 for falling out of the raft. They all decided to press on. The first two rafts successfully made it to the halfway point, but the one transporting Crystal-Rose, Janet, Joe, and John tipped over after moments, putting all of them in the water and instantly losing $8,000. At the halfway point, the host then offered the eight remaining rafters another opportunity to bail out, but they again declined. Both boats made it to the finish, and $2,000 was won.
Episode 2.
Campout: The players met up with the host at the foot of a small hill. They were told to split into three groups and walk up the hill to the top, where they'd be camping that night. Along the way, they'd find two locations with everything they needed for the night. The players at first thought this sounded suspiciously simple to be a money-winning assignment, but found that at each location there was a choice - take $1,000 for the kitty, or some camping gear. Collectively, they took $2,000 (in form of two pieces of paper with the amount printed on them) and four large duffel bags containing gear, but their inability to contact one another wound up giving them the nearly useless combination of having a tent, but no tent poles or pegs. Midway through the night, the host brought the two bags they'd left behind and offered to give them to the players for $2,000 taken from the kitty, but they immediately declined. He then asked for the two $1,000 vouchers, but only one could be produced, so only $1,000 was added to the kitty. The players, particularly Bob, were livid that the Mole was seemingly able to strike right under their noses.
Snipers: After being selected as the three with the best night vision, Alaina, Pete, and Yasmin were taken to an old, abandoned shopping mall. They were given laser guns with which to shoot their teammates, radios to keep in contact with one another, and some pointers from a professional armorer. The others were also given laser guns upon arriving at the shopping center, and told that "their" task was to shoot the three snipers. For each player from the group of eight that was shot during thirty minutes, $1,000 would be added to the kitty, but if Alaina, Pete, or Yasmin survived the assignment without being shot themselves, they'd earn a free pass through to the next episode. Once the assignment properly started, all the lights in the shopping mall were turned off. Alaina and Yasmin acted only in the interests of their own survival, not shooting anyone or even appearing to try. Pete successfully eliminated Ann-Maree, John, Marc, Crystal-Rose, and Thao before Joe in turn eliminated him. Alaina and Yasmin tried to hole up in an old cinema, but wound up triggering their own alarm wire. They were eliminated by Bob and David with only 30 seconds remaining in the time limit, so $5,000 was won and no one got a free pass.
Trap Shooting: At breakfast the next day, each player received an envelope. Five of them had targets printed on them, meaning those five people would spend the day shooting clay pigeons. They were trained by Olympic champion trap shooter Michael Diamond. The very slight-framed Thao was among the shooters, and she had problems simply lifting the gun, let alone firing it. Yasmin was then separated from the other six and told to, one at a time, match them with a quiz question from a presented category. The player who answered the question then selected a shooter, who took aim at five clay targets, each worth $1,000. Crystal-Rose answered her question correctly, and on her behalf Pete successfully hit three targets, winning $3,000. Joe then shot on behalf of Bob, but missed all five targets. Bob missed his question, so no money was possible in the first place in this round. Ann-Maree selected David to shoot for her, and he hit three targets successfully. Ann-Maree's answer, however, was wrong. Alaina then got her question right and picked John to shoot for her, who hit one target. The last shooter was Thao, who miraculously hit two targets, but Marc got his question wrong, so the money was not won.
Episode 3.
Gold Coast Shopping Spree: After being selected as the player who most likes to shop, Yasmin was sent away to a spa for a day of rest and relaxation. The others were split into three groups of three and told to shop for a house, a car, and a boat that they thought Yasmin would like. Each was given five choices, of varying price. They had to stay in contact with one another and stay within an imaginary two million dollar budget. The boat and house teams quickly made choices that they thought were what Yasmin would most want. The car team of Alaina, Crystal-Rose, and Joe had some disagreement as to whether Yasmin would rather go for a Lamborghini Diablo or a Bentley Arnage. They chose the Lamborghini, and although the boat team of Bob, Marc, and David were out of contact for a time during the assignment, they stayed within the budget. Yasmin was then presented with profiles of each car, boat, and house that the other nine had to choose from, and if her choices matched theirs, $10,000 would be won. Yasmin picked the same boat and house, but opted for the Bentley Arnage instead of the Lamborghini Diablo (stating she told Alaina how much she liked "old" cars), so no money was won.
Toughness: Joe was selected by the group as the one who thinks he's the toughest. He was taken to a separate location and strapped to what was purportedly an electric chair, one that would put an increasing electrical current through his body. The others would come later, and be presented with twenty questions. If they answered all twenty questions, rightly or wrongly, they would win $5,000 for the group kitty. Each time they answered wrongly, the host would call to the person working the chair to administer a higher voltage to Joe. The catch was that Joe was never actually in any pain, and never received even the slightest electrical current. The man running the chair, a professional acting coach, gave him a brief lesson on how to appear to be suffering excruciating pain. Joe's task, with a free pass through to the next episode as his prize, was to put on a performance convincing enough that the other nine players would stop answering questions so he wouldn't have to endure any further voltage. They were able up close to see him on a closed circuit television monitor. The other players indeed stopped in the interest of Joe's well-being, after ten questions and only two answered correctly, so no money was won and Joe got his free pass.
Minefield: A minefield was set up on a beach (metal plates rigged to set off a small explosion were covered with sand). After choosing Bob and Crystal-Rose as the two players with whom the group would entrust their safety, the two of them were given three minutes with a metal detector and a markerboard to find the mines and create a map for their teammates. This map, and guesswork based on those who went before, were the only tools the other eight players would have as they tried to traverse the minefield. They were only allowed to look at the map for one minute. Each player to successfully make it from one end to the other without getting blown up would win $1,000 for the kitty. Only Yasmin succeeded, as the players before her triggered several explosions from squares that had been left blank on Bob and Crystal-Rose's map.
Luggage Reclaim: The players were presented with the opportunity to spend $1,000 from the group kitty to reclaim the luggage they had lost in the first episode of the season. Alaina, Joe, Pete and Thao all took the offer, reducing the kitty by $4,000. The other players were upset to hear the trivial things they sacrificed money from the kitty to reclaim - Alaina wanted matching outfits, Joe wanted his bodybuilding protein food back, Pete wanted the speakers to go with his walkman even though he had a headset, and Thao was desperate to have her stuffed Elmo doll returned to her.
Weakest Link Special Episode.
The Votes.
Joe was first eliminated for not answering any questions correctly. Alaina was next for not banking at a crucial moment and getting the question wrong. Pete followed for annoying everyone. Crystal-Rose was voted out for not answering enough questions correctly. Ann-Maree was eliminated for banking too early. David was next for taking too long to answer a question (although he did get it correct). Marc was voted out for being too big a threat (to Bob), and for stumbling on questions (to Thao). In the end, Bob defeated Thao in the Head-to-Head round. For winning, Bob received a free pass. However, Cornelia Frances left it a cliffhanger by saying "Or have you?"
The final total won was $14,100, the lowest total ever in the Australian version of "The Weakest Link." This episode was watched by a national audience of 1.312 million, however, "Who Wants to Be a Millionaire?", aired one hour later on the same night, achieved a national audience of 1.51 million.
Episode 4.
Cheating Test: In the waiting room of the "Weakest Link" studio, the room was bugged with hidden microphones and cameras. A production folder was left on a table with the answers to all the "Weakest Link" questions on the back. If the players look at the Q and A section, and gave the information to a player still in the game, they would be caught cheating and the prize money won and the free pass would be taken away. Many people looked at and picked up the folder, and Marc (who was at the time still in the game) saw the tab labeled "questions and answers," but it was determined that they didn't attempt to pass any unfair advantage on to players still in the game, so the money and the free pass both stood. The host rounded the total up to $15,000.
Charity: The players were split into three groups of three and told that their assignment was to raise $300 for charity. One group would raise money drawing caricatures, one doing massages, and the other performing as statues. They each got some training appropriate to their tasks, and were given one-hour to, among them, collect the $300. They were sent to three different shopping malls. Thao proved to be extremely skilled at cartooning, pulling in the most money of anyone individually, whilst Crystal-Rose pulled out of her challenge after appearing to suffer from heat exhaustion. In the end, the massage team of Ann-Maree, Bob, and Joe made $109.55, the cartoonists Alaina, Marc, and Thao had $102.25, and the statues Crystal-Rose, David, and Pete made $96.60 (all in change), meaning the challenge was won.
Luggage Drop: Bob, Joe, Marc, and Thao went up in an airplane with everyone's luggage, including the items that certain people had paid $1,000 from the kitty to reclaim just days before. They dropped it in a specific location, and had to rely upon the other five to find it in time. The only help they could give them was an SMS, and it had to be of a 160-character limit, meaning words had to be truncated. If the luggage was found within three hours, $5,000 would be won, but if not, everyone would lose their luggage. The group of five was also took on a meaningless tour of some Gold Coast canals, that were meant to look much the same as all the others and get them lost. The group of four dropped the luggage a kilometer away from the Hinze Dam. The SMS they sent said "NTH WEST FROM BRLH HEADS DAM PAST DAM ENTRNCE RESORT PAST HORSE STUD CLEARING NEAR RST LOOK FOR GREEN ROOF AT ENTRANCE NEAR RST" It should have taken the players in the boat just five minutes to make their way back to their cars, but they got lost and it took them almost an hour. They also misinterpreted directions given to them by someone in a convenience store, and headed in entirely the wrong direction. Though the group of five was confident they'd found the right place, the assignment was failed. Upon the reuniting all nine players at the hotel, the host offered to return the players their bags if they'd pay $5,000 from the group kitty. They agreed, on majority vote, to do this.
Episode 5.
Baby Treasure Hunt: Bob, David, Marc, and Pete volunteered to go on a treasure hunt. Bob and Pete were given a camera and a vehicle, and David and Marc got a map with various points in Gold Coast marked on it, to give directions to the other two. They were told that what they were to photograph would be obvious. What they found were baby pictures and home videos of the eight remaining players in the game. Upon returning to the hotel, they were charged with identifying the person in each photo they'd taken, and each correct answer would be worth $1,000 for the group kitty. They took six photos and correctly identified each of them, missing only Alaina's and Crystal-Rose's.
Surveillance: At the same time as the other four were doing the treasure hunt, Alaina, Ann-Maree, Crystal-Rose, and Joe were given the task of following them. They were to tail them as closely as possible without being seen. If they went the whole day without Bob or Pete seeing them, and were able to identify what their task was, they would win $5,000 for the kitty. This assignment was successfully completed, as they were easily able to discern the task given to the others, who were never aware that they were being followed. However, the $5,000 was revoked because Alaina broke a law during the assignment - she spoke on a cell phone while driving.
Murder Game: After being chosen as the group's most observant player, Alaina was isolated from the other seven players, who were treated to a ride on a fancy cruiser for a day of rest and relaxation, and a black-tie dinner. The host informed them at that dinner that one of them was to be the victim of a faux murder later in the evening, and one of the others was to commit the deed. The roles were selected at random. Alaina's task would be to figure out who the murderer was. She got some training from a detective. If she was successful, she'd win a free pass through to the next episode, and if she was not, the group would win $5,000. The victim ended up being Ann-Maree, who was placed in a realistic-looking crime scene in the boat's engine room. One at a time, the other six all went down to the room and came back up, with the murderer "killing" Ann-Maree when he went down - only the murderer himself knew his role, and the other six thus thought that this was the perfect crime. When Alaina was brought on board the next morning, she was permitted ten questions to any of the other six players. The murderer was permitted to lie, but the innocent players all had to tell the truth. After asking six questions and making no progress, Alaina offered to toss a coin for the free pass if the murderer would give himself up. In her last question, when she asked this of Bob, he replied, "No, I want the money," which indicated that he had the power to make that decision. An innocent player wouldn't be allowed to make this choice, since he couldn't lie and say he was the murderer. Thus, Alaina knew Bob was the murderer, won a free pass and denied the group any money.
Bungee Jumping: The eight players were given the opportunity to bungee jump off a tall crane. Each one of them that jumped would win $500 for the kitty, and if all of them jumped, the prize would be doubled, for a potential total of $8,000. The men all jumped, but of the women, only Alaina would go through with it, meaning only $3,000 was won.
Relative Bungee: The players were then taken to a flatscreen monitor that showed the bungee crane and asked to bet on the likelihood of other people, later revealed to be family members of each of them, going through with the jump. Each correct prediction earned $1,000 for the kitty, and each incorrect prediction took $1,000 away. Crystal-Rose predicted her brother would jump, and he did. Joe predicted the same for his sister, but she didn't jump. David thought his mother would jump, but she didn't. Pete was confident his sister would jump, and she did. Alaina predicted that her mom would jump, but she did not. Marc predicted that his mother wouldn't jump, and she indeed didn't. Bob predicted that his wife would back out, and she did. The only relative the show could find for Ann-Maree was her 82-year-old father, so he wasn't asked to jump. Instead, a young friend of hers was put on the crane. She predicted he would jump, but he didn't. With four correct and four incorrect predictions, the assignment was a push. The players were then allowed some time with their relatives.
Episode 6.
$5,000 Shopping Spree: After Crystal-Rose volunteered to for the Photo Hunt, the remaining players were split into two groups and told to, within three hours, spend exactly $5,000, in order to win $5,000 for the group kitty. To make this rather transparent task more challenging, numerous rules were put in place: the players couldn't own anything at the end of their time, they were not to spend more than $1,000 on anything, and they mustn't waste or give away any of the money. Ann-Maree, Bob, and David took a helicopter ride and later a boat ride. Alaina, Marc, and Pete rented a recording studio, drank expensive bottles of wine, and spent $1,000 on a three-course fancy lunch in a private room, complete with butlers and masseuses. They both had a few hundred dollars left with very little time remaining. After going through a few ideas, Ann-Maree, Bob, and David chose to spend their remaining dollars on scratch tickets, and simply put whatever winnings they'd get back into further scratch tickets until their money was all gone. The other group bought a $400 stamp and posted it to the store from which they bought it. The six of them reunited with the host within the time limit and had receipts for exactly $5,000, so it seemed the assignment was won. However, the $400 stamp was determined to have broken either the rule against wastage or the rule against gifts - a postage fee of less than a dollar needn't be paid by $400 worth of stamps, and an antique stamp that's been posted once is not worthless, but merely worth "less". Since the rules were broken, the $5,000 they spent came from the kitty.
Photo Hunt: During the shopping spree, Crystal-Rose prepared with a professional makeup artist and costumer to hide herself in Warner Bros. Movie World. If she could keep from being photographed by any of the other players for half an hour, she'd win a free pass through to the next episode, but if they spotted her, the group would win $5,000. She had the full complement of theme park costumes available for her choosing to pose as a character, but she chose to pose as a member of a family visiting the park, wearing a wig, eyeglasses, colored contacts, and lots of padding under normal, but different, clothing to make her appear heavier. The others only came close to her once in the hour, when Alaina and Marc in fact got out of the way of Crystal-Rose and her "family" taking a photo themselves. Thus, no money was won and Crystal-Rose won her free pass.
Bike the Mountain: The players were told to travel to Binna Burra, at the top of a long, shallow hill. They started off with four bicycles and two motorized scooters, and had the opportunity three times within their two-hour time limit to answer quiz questions that would get them more scooters and fewer bicycles if answered correctly, but more bicycles and fewer scooters if answered incorrectly. Ann-Maree was permitted to withdraw herself from the assignment, as it would have been too physically taxing for her to have a realistic chance of completing it within the time limit. The host informed them just before they pulled out that the assignment was worth $10,000. At their first stop, they gained an additional scooter by correctly answering 225 as the number obtained by adding together all the odd numbers between 0 and 30. Between that stop and the next, there were signs on the side of the road showing the fifty states of the United States of America, and they had to recall forty of them to get another scooter. During this leg, Alaina complained loudly of Marc telling her to cycle faster, and switched midway through to a scooter, which she needed help to properly ride and nearly wound up crashing and hurting herself. This resulted in the entire group stopping to argue. They successfully recited forty of the U.S. states at the second stop and obtained scooters for everyone. They narrowly succeeded in arriving under the time limit. The host asked them upon arriving in Binna Burra how much the assignment was worth, and they correctly responded $10,000, giving them that amount in the kitty.
Free Pass Refund: During the computer tests, Crystal-Rose was enjoying champagne with Grant as the others were in the testing rooms. Grant offered to add $20,000 to the kitty if she'd give back the free pass she earn from "Photo Hunt", but she refused.
After green screens appeared for Bob and Ann-Maree, the screen turned red when Pete's name was typed in. All of the players, most visibly Marc and Ann-Maree, were distraught to see him leave. Pete thought Marc was the Mole.
Episode 7.
Stunt Driving Relay Race: The players were presented with a relay race involving driving tricks. Ann-Maree and Crystal-Rose would have to slalom through traffic cones - forward and then backward. Alaina and Marc would then have to do a handbrake turn and reverse into a small box marked off by cones. Bob and David would last have to do two figure 8's around cones on a skidpan. The race against the clock was two laps, with each player needing to do their trick once in turn, on a fifteen-minute time limit. After completing their leg, the players had to hand the car off to the next person inside a box marked by blue flags. They were given some training and a dry run, but during the real run, there would be on top of each cone an egg, which, if dislodged, would cost a $500 penalty from the potential $10,000 value of the assignment. The first lap went strongly, with Ann-Maree slaloming perfectly, Marc doing a strong handbrake turn and reversing into the box (but losing time as he didn't back up completely the first time), and David quickly completing his figure 8 laps on the skidpan. The second lap was less fluid - Crystal-Rose slalomed perfectly just as Ann-Maree had (and was cruising instead of racing, losing time), but Alaina knocked over two cones on her handbrake turn and Bob lost several seconds on the skidpan. They completed the race in 13 minutes 35 seconds. David, however, had not had his seatbelt on when he backed the car into the box of blue flags on the changeover to Crystal-Rose, after he had first overshot it. This meant he had to do his part again, in the 1 minute 25 seconds that remained on the clock. He made it with 2 seconds to spare, so $9,000 was won.
Photographic Scavenger Hunt: The host woke the players up in the middle of the night to present them with an assignment. They were split into two groups of three and each presented with a map showing a path through the park in Binna Burra where they were staying, a spotlight, and a camera. The assignment, for $5,000, was to photograph five distinct species of vertebrate animals within the park in one hour. Alaina, Crystal-Rose, and Marc found their first species in minutes, a pademelon. The other three found pademelons themselves shortly thereafter. The first group also found a tawny frogmouth. With the hour up, the groups reunited with the host, who had a wildlife expert with him to judge the footage. It was up to the discretion of the wildlife expert if they had photographed five species. He decided that the two pictures of pademelons were actually two different species, and some desperate shooting by David of a pond, looking for tadpoles, in fact found a few. In their last few minutes, Alaina, Crystal-Rose, and Marc found a yellow robin, bringing the group's total, somewhat serendipitously, to five species and success in the assignment.
Diamond Heist: The players were taken to an emptied warehouse into which five diamonds, behind an intricate laser security fence, were placed. Each of them had a value, from $1,000 to $5,000. If a player could make it through the laser fence with the diamond, the kitty would increase by its value, but if they grabbed a diamond and subsequently tripped a laser wire, the value of the diamond would be penalized from the kitty. They were lowered, one at a time, from a height, and given aerosol sprays with which they could see the laser wires. There was a collective time limit of five minutes. Marc went straight for the $3,000 diamond, but tripped a wire after 35 seconds. Crystal-Rose tripped a wire on the way to the $2,000 diamond after mere moments. Alaina tripped a wire on the way to the $1,000 diamond. David then successfully retrieved both the $1,000 and $2,000 diamonds. Bob then tripped a wire with his hand just in front of the $3,000 diamond. Mere seconds remained for Ann-Maree's run, and though she made it to the $3,000 diamond safely, she did not grab it, because there was not sufficient time for her to make it back out with it.
Episode 8.
Paragliding: Alaina, Ann-Maree, Crystal-Rose, and Marc were given the task of tandem paragliding to a minimum height of 30 meters, and dropping a water balloon onto a six meter by six meter target below. Each time they hit the target, they'd win $1,000 for the group kitty, for a total of $8,000 potential winnings, as each of them had two water balloons to drop. Bob, at the same time, was charged with predicting the outcomes of each drop. Each prediction he got correct would win $1,000, but each one he got incorrect would lose $1,000. He wouldn't know the outcome of any of the drops until the very end of the assignment. Bob predicted Alaina would miss both shots. She did miss the first, but hit the second, so she won $1,000 all told. Ann-Maree dropped her first balloon before she was prepared to take the shot, and it fell well away from the target. Her second shot also missed. Crystal-Rose and Marc missed both shots as well. Bob predicted a miss and a hit for Crystal-Rose and two misses for Ann-Maree and Marc, giving him six correct predictions and two incorrect, for $4,000 on his end of the assignment and $5,000 total winnings.
Stadium Art: After being selected as the two players with an artistic temperament, Crystal-Rose and Marc were taken to ANZ Stadium and told to, within 20 minutes, draw a picture of a platypus at least 80 by 30 meters in chalk with the machines normally used to draw lines and field markers. The others would then have to guess what animal the drawing represented, to win $5,000. The others thought it was either a platypus or a mole, and incorrectly guessed mole since the platypus didn't seem to have a tail.
Aerial I-Spy: While Crystal-Rose and Marc were drawing their platypus, Alaina, Ann-Maree, and Bob went up in light aircraft to take photographs representing specific letters of the alphabet. It was up to them what would best represent a specific letter of the alphabet - they could take a picture of something that physically resembled the letter, or perhaps an object that began with or notably featured their particular letter. Alaina got the letters T and E, Ann-Maree A and R, and Bob was given B and Y. Upon reuniting at the football stadium, Crystal-Rose and Marc had to guess what six-letter word was made from their letters, in order to win $5,000. Bob photographed a bridge and the shape of a Y in a dirt track, Ann-Maree a reservoir and an airport, and Alaina trees and power lines (for "electricity"). Crystal-Rose and Marc were befuddled by the photos and could only guess "chirpy," but the correct word was "betray."
Episode 9.
Parachute Jumping: At 2:00 am the night after the eighth elimination, the host woke Bob in his hotel room to tell him that the next day, each of them would be given the opportunity to do a solo parachute jump. If he could convince each of the other three to "not" go through with it, the group would win $10,000 and Bob would win the game's final free pass. The next morning, the host presented the assignment to all four players, telling them that there was $5,000 to be won for each of them that would do a solo jump. They had to first do a tandem jump before they were permitted to do the solo. Marc was excited to do the tandem jump, and the women both seemed reluctantly willing. Marc and Alaina did the tandem jump, but Crystal-Rose backed out. Once on the ground, Marc decided to go for the solo jump, but Alaina decided against it. Marc indeed did the solo jump, so only $5,000 (and no free pass) was won.
Temptation Island: After a relaxing dinner on Dunk Island, said by the host to be "temptation island," the players were taken away one by one to privately bid with money from the kitty to secure the game's final free pass. Bob bid $15,000, Marc bid $24,000, Alaina refused to bid entirely, and Crystal-Rose bid $5,500. The bids were not immediately revealed, and all were sent to take the computer test.
Jetski Maps: Before the elimination, the players had an assignment where they were split into pairs, by gender, and told to ride a jetski around the island and map it. They were then to pick their more accurate map of the two to submit for evaluation, and if it was at least 50% correct, $5,000 would be won. The women mostly played around on their ride and didn't draw a particularly good map, but the men drew a map that successfully won the money.
Free Pass Refund: At the elimination, Grant revealed that Marc had earned the free pass from "Temptation Island". Alaina, Bob, and Crystal-Rose were shocked by Marc's high bid of $24,000, as they worked very hard and very long to earn that amount. Subsequently, Grant offered Marc $48,000. That was the $24,000 Marc bidded for the free pass and an additional $24,000. If Marc would give back the free pass, that amount would be added to the kitty. Marc said he was extremely unconfident of his chances, but agreed to give back the free pass for the money.
Marc's name was typed in first, and the green screen appeared, relieving him. Bob's name was typed in second, and the screen turned red. He again thought that Marc was the Mole, a suspicion he had been riding on since Episode 3.
Episode 10.
Heartstopper: The players were each presented a frightening challenge: Alaina had to capture and release a wild snake, Crystal-Rose had to pet a leopard shark, and Marc had to swipe eggs from a very protective female saltwater crocodile's nest. They were connected to heart rate monitors and told that they must keep their heart rates below 150 beats per minute all day to succeed in the assignment. Alaina had to find a snake inside a garage, and, once it was captured, drive it out to the wilderness to release it. Her heart rate spiked near 150 only twice, when she "thought" she'd found the snake but in fact found only a bundle of rope, and then later when she touched the snake for the first time. She completed her task. Crystal-Rose also completed hers, scuba diving into a tank containing small sharks and petting one of them. Her heart rate spiked near 150 once as well, when she was nipped on the finger by a shark. Marc refused to attempt his task (he thought it was just too dangerous to even try, and all he had to do was to simply enter the enclosure), and the $5,000 was lost. Alaina and Crystal-Rose were shocked, as their tasks were more risky and dangerous than his.
Trivia Card Game: The players were taken to a casino and given $5,000 apiece in chips. They were to wager on questions the host asked, by placing their chips next to cards the host dealt that represented choices. Each correct answer would give them triple their wager back. They lost $1,000 on the first question, won $1,500 on the second, won $1,700 on the third, lost $3,000 on the fourth question, and lost $2,900 on the fifth and final question. They finished down $5,000 for the assignment, reducing the final kitty to $108,000.
The final computer test took place on Double Island. It revealed Crystal-Rose to be the winner, Alaina the Mole, and Marc the runner-up. Marc was suspicious about Alaina, but he thought Crystal-Rose was the Mole, which led to his defeat. Crystal-Rose thought it was Marc between episodes 2 and 9; no one selected Alaina as the Mole on the computer test until Crystal-Rose did at the very end. In fact, it was revealed that Crystal-Rose and Marc had suspected each other until it seemed Crystal-Rose had changed her mind right at the very last second, almost ending up in no one correctly identifying the Mole for the first time in the history of "The Mole".
Mole Activity.
Sabotage.
Unlike the past two seasons, there was no extra episode dedicated to revealing the Mole, the clues and his/her acts of sabotage. Instead, they were revealed at the end of Episode 10.
The following acts of sabotage were revealed in the final episode:
Campout: Alaina convinced her group to go for the gear both times when the other groups both took one duffel bag and one voucher. Also, as the players suspected at the time, the Mole indeed took the other $1,000 voucher when the host came to collect them. Alaina took the second piece of paper from Bob's pack.
Snipers: Alaina made no attempt to shoot anyone in the laser shootout, and purposely tripped an alarm wire and lead Yasmin into a dead end so they'd be shot by Bob and David.
Gold Coast Shopping Spree: Alaina knew Yasmin would prefer the Bentley, but she insisted on picking the Lamborghini, costing $10,000.
Toughness: Both a sabotage and a clue, Alaina didn't supply the others with the correct answer to the question "Which car manufacturer has a black bull as its logo?" It was Lamborghini, just like the one she'd test-driven earlier that day. This contributed to the loss of $5,000.
Cheating Test: Alaina tried to get Marc to read the folder in the greenroom that contained the questions and answers. Though Marc looked at the tab, he resisted the temptation, so the money from this assignment stood.
Luggage Drop: Alaina asked locals for the wrong directions, deliberately misinterpreting Marc's SMS and costing the team $5,000.
Surveillance: Alaina displayed a little quick thinking here, taking the phone from Ann-Maree in the passenger seat when she threw it at her and, just for a moment, talking on it while driving. It was enough to get the $5,000 for the assignment revoked, and cast suspicion on Ann-Maree. During the computer quiz aired in that episode, Bob says that Ann-Maree is suspicious because, according to him, "the woman turns and can divide this group in a snap of her fingers".
Bungee Jumping: Alaina jumped, but successfully talked Ann-Maree and Crystal-Rose into "not" jumping, costing $1,000 directly and a potential of another $4,000 that would have been won if everyone jumped.
Photo Hunt: Alaina actually recognized Crystal-Rose within Movie World, but stopped Marc from walking straight toward her, keeping $5,000 from being won.
Bike the Mountain: The mishap Alaina had on the scooter was "not" deliberate, but she did milk it for as much time and drama as possible, nearly costing the assignment.
Stunt Driving Relay Race: Alaina was the only one to knock over any cones during the real run, costing $1,000.
Paragliding: After scoring a hit with her second water balloon, Alaina figured out that the proper technique was to drop it while hovering over top of the target. So, she told the others to throw the balloon at the target, ensuring that they'd miss.
Stadium Art: Ann-Maree and Bob both initially thought the drawing on the field was of a platypus, but Alaina convinced them to guess that it was a mole, costing $5,000.
Parachute Jumping: Alaina backed out of the solo jump, even though she desperately wanted to go through with it, after having greatly enjoyed the tandem jump. This cost another $5,000.
Trivia Card Game: Alaina, like Crystal-Rose and Marc, was given $5,000 in chips to start with. She bet $3,500, didn't win anything, but somehow had no chips left at the end of the assignment.
The following acts of sabotage were spotted during the series, but not mentioned in the final episode:
Luggage Reclaim: Alaina bought $1,000 from the kitty to get back the equipment she lost in the first episode of the season.
The Weakest Link: Alaina missed an easy $2,000 question in the second round, breaking the team chain and getting herself eliminated that round.
Charity: Alaina made no decent attempt to perform her charity activity, leaving Marc and Thao to do all the money raising.
Luggage Drop: Along with Crystal-Rose, Marc, Pete and Thao, Alaina voted to have the luggage back, incurring the loss of $5,000 from the team kitty.
Murder Game: Alaina denied the group $5,000 by successfully solving the overnight murder and coming to the conclusion that Bob was the murderer, to which he admitted.
Relative Bungee: Alaina knew that her mother wouldn't jump, but predicted against that, costing another $1,000.
Diamond Heist: Alaina tripped an alarm wire attempting to steal the $1,000 diamond and told Ann-Maree to try to grab the $3,000 diamond as time was running out, costing the kitty another $4,000.
Clues.
The following clues were revealed in the final episode:
Episode 1 Introduction: In the introduction where the players are first introduced, everyone was shown except Alaina, indicating that everyone who was shown was there to win money. Alaina replaced Janet in the episode two introduction.
The Eliminations: At the beginning of episode eight, each of the final five players (Alaina, Ann-Maree, Bob, Crystal-Rose, and Marc) had a confession talking about how nervous they were when seeing their names typed into the computer and how relieved they were when the green screen came up for them. However, Alaina was lying because her name was never once typed in during any of the eliminations.
The following clue was spotted during the series, but not mentioned in the final episode:
Episode 4 Teaser: In the episode 4 teaser shown at the end of episode 3, Grant is heard via voice-over saying: "Who is the Weakest Link?" and the contestants hold up signs saying "Joe". As Grant says "Who is The Mole?", Joe is shown holding up a sign saying "Alaina".

</doc>
<doc id="19475067" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19475067" title="Ouzinkie Airport">
Ouzinkie Airport

Ouzinkie Airport is a state-owned public-use airport serving Ouzinkie, a city on Spruce Island in the Kodiak Island Borough of the U.S. state of Alaska.
The airport received national media attention in 2009 after being slotted to receive $15 million in federal stimulus money to construct a new airstrip. The new airport opened in 2010.
As per Federal Aviation Administration records, Ouzinkie Airport had 2,071 passenger boardings (enplanements) in calendar year 2008, 2,999 enplanements in 2009, and 2,784 in 2010. It is included in the National Plan of Integrated Airport Systems for 2011–2015, which categorized it as a "general aviation" facility based on enplanements in 2008 (the "commercial service" category requires at least 2,500 per year).
Facilities.
Ouzinkie Airport covers an area of 170 acres (69 ha) at an elevation of 100 feet (30 m) above mean sea level. It has one runway designated 8/26 with a gravel surface measuring 3,300 by 60 feet (1,006 x 18 m).
The former location () had one runway designated 11/29 with a gravel surface measuring 2,085 by 80 feet (636 x 24 m). For the 12-month period ending December 31, 2006, it had 42 aircraft operations per month: 60% general aviation and 40% air taxi.
Airline and destinations.
Airlines with scheduled passenger service to non-stop destinations:

</doc>
<doc id="19475079" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19475079" title="Mohamed Omar Dubad">
Mohamed Omar Dubad

Mohamed Omar Dubad (Somali: "Maxaamed Cumar Dubad", Arabicعبدالله يوسف أحم) (circa 1948 – April 14, 2011) was a Somali politician, served as the Somali Charge D'Affaires in the United Nations Embassy in Geneva, Switzerland.
Dubad graduated from the University of Michigan in the 1970s. He taught at the Somali National University in Mogadishu, and was also the head of the Mathematics department. He has been a member of the Somali parliament since 1990.

</doc>
<doc id="19475087" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19475087" title="Bergeforsen">
Bergeforsen

Bergeforsen is a locality situated in Timrå Municipality, Västernorrland County, Sweden with 1,563 inhabitants in 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="19475088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19475088" title="Peter Murnoy">
Peter Murnoy

Peter Murnoy was a nationalist politician and political activist in Northern Ireland.
Murnoy was a farmer and was a volunteer in the Irish Republican Army from 1916 until 1922. In 1926, he was the joint founder of the National Defence Association, which opposed recognition of Stormont. In 1937, Murnoy launched the National Council of Unity, which aimed to apply the new Constitution of Ireland to the whole of the island.
Murnoy was elected to the Parliament of Northern Ireland as the Nationalist Party MP for South Down at the 1945 general election. He was active in the Irish Anti-Partition League, but controversially refused to condemn T. J. Campbell leaving the Parliament to become a judge. Murnoy was defeated at the South Down Nationalist selection convention before the Northern Ireland general election, 1949, and stood down.

</doc>
<doc id="19475097" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19475097" title="Moroni Bing Torgan">
Moroni Bing Torgan

Moroni Bing Torgan (born October 6, 1956) is a Brazilian politician, probably the highest ranking Latter-day Saint politician in Brazil. A member of the National Chamber of Deputies, Torgan is known for having a rhetoric that spins around the fighting of crime and corruption. As of 2001 he was the only Latter-day Saint serving in Brazil's congress.
Biography.
Prior to his election to the National Congress, Torgan served as president of the Fortaleza Brazil Stake. He served in that position from 1985–1991.
As a youth Torgan was on a Brazilian National championship volleyball team. He is from Porto Alegre, Brazil. His great-grandmother on his mother's side was among the first members of the LDS branches in Brazil in 1938. However Torgan himself grew up primarily in the Brazilian state of Rio Grande do Sul and graduated from the Federal University of Rio Grande do Sul.
Torgan served a mission for the LDS Church in a mission based in Sao Paulo. His mission president was Saul Messias.
Prior to entering politics, Torgan was a Brazilian federal police officer in Ceara State. In 1987 he was appointed secretary of public security for this state, in which he served until he was elected to Brazil's congress in 1991.
Torgan is married to the former Rosa Caldas. As of 1989 they had two sons, Mosiah and Jared.
Torgan served in the congress of Brazil from 1991–1995. In 1995 he was elected vice governor of Ceara. He later served in the Brazilian congress again from 1999-2003 and from 2003-2007.
In 2009 Torgan was called to serve as president of the Portugal Lisbon Mission of the Church. On March 31, 2012 Torgan was called as an Area Seventy of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints. At times Torgan has served in other positions in the LDS Church including as a bishop and as a counselor in the Brazilia Brazil Mission Presidency.
On March 31, 2012, almost at the end of his three-year term as a mission president, Moroni Torgan was called as an Area Seventy of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints.
In October 2012, Torgan placed fourth in the election for Mayor of Fortaleza, Brazil.

</doc>
<doc id="19475099" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19475099" title="Dave Leggett">
Dave Leggett

William David "Dave" Leggett (September 18, 1933 – March 26, 2013) is a former American football quarterback in the National Football League. He played collegiately at Ohio State University from 1952–1954. In 1954 he led Ohio State to an undefeated 10–0 season and a berth in the Rose Bowl, where Ohio State defeated USC and Leggett was named MVP. He was drafted by the Chicago Cardinals in the 7th round (74th overall) of the 1955 NFL Draft.
Leggett was most famous for his play in the 1954 Michigan game. Ohio State's undefeated season was on the line, with the score tied 7–7 in the fourth quarter. Michigan was on the Ohio State one yard line with a fourth down and went for it. Michigan pitched the ball to the right and on defense Leggett was a great safety and it was only him and the Michigan ball carrier at the end zone and as the Michigan back leaped for the end zone Leggett went for his legs and flipped the Michigan man over to stop him short of the end zone. With the ball on Ohio State's own one-yard-line, Leggett led the Buckeyes on a drive for the eventual game-winning touchdown.
Leggett, beyond being the most valuable player in that 1955 Rose Bowl win, lettered for coach Woody Hayes and the Buckeyes in 1952, 1953 and 1954.
After graduating from Ohio State in 1955 with a degree in business, Leggett played briefly for the Chicago Cardinals, as mentioned above, before getting called into the military (he was in ROTC at Ohio State). He spent two years in the Air Force and then played football in the Canadian Football League.
He then rejoined the Air Force for a time, and after a three-year military stint in Germany, returned to the United States and spent most of his professional life working in the investment and financial planning business.
Leggett died Tuesday, March 26, 2013 at his home in Colorado Springs, Colorado, after a long illness.

</doc>
<doc id="19475120" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19475120" title="Craig David discography">
Craig David discography

The discography of Craig David, an English R&B singer, consists of five studio albums, one greatest hits album and twenty-three singles.

</doc>
<doc id="19475123" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19475123" title="Back to the Roots (John Mayall album)">
Back to the Roots (John Mayall album)

Back to the Roots is a 1971 double album by John Mayall released on Polydor. Recording sessions took place both in California and London where Mayall invited some former members of his band, notably guitarists Eric Clapton and Mick Taylor. At the end of the 1980s Mayall remixed some tracks and issued them along with some of the older material as "Archive to the Eighties". An expanded two-CD version of "Back to the Roots" now includes both the original and later remixed versions of the tracks.
Besides Mayall, who sang and played piano and guitar, the musicians who
recorded the original tracks were:
For "Archive to the Eighties" Mayall recorded new bass and drums tracks played by Bobby Haynes and Joe Yuele.
Track listing.
The 2001 expanded version has 26 tracks, 8 of them remixes marked here with*; original tracks included in "Archive to the Eighties" are marked here with '. 
Source: John Mayall "Back To The Roots" album cover

</doc>
<doc id="19475155" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19475155" title="Edward George Richardson">
Edward George Richardson

Edward George Richardson (15 April 1903 – 29 December 1987), known as Eddie Richardson, was a nationalist politician in Northern Ireland.
Born in Moybane, near Crossmaglen, Richardson worked as a bricklayer and as a farmer, and was an All-Ireland cycling champion. He attempted to become the Nationalist Party candidate in South Armagh at the Northern Ireland general election, 1945. He was defeated at the local party convention. He was subsequently elected to Armagh County Council. 
Before the 1958 general election, Richardson announced that he would contest South Armagh. A nationalist convention was held in the constituency, but it decided not to put up a candidate against Richardson. As a result, he was elected, and immediately joined the Nationalist Party group.
From 1965 to 1969, Richardson served as the Shadow Minister for Sport. He was the only Nationalist MP not to shadow an actual Minister.

</doc>
<doc id="19475163" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19475163" title="Jozef Peeters">
Jozef Peeters

Jozef Peeters (b. 1895 in Antwerp – d. 1960) is a Belgian painter, engraver and graphic artist.
In 1913, Jozef Peeters attended for a short time the Antwerp Royal Academy of Fine Arts, but was mainly interested by his own experiments. In 1914 he started painting luminist landscapes and portraits. From 1915 to 1917 he turned to symbolistic works inspired by theosophy.
In 1918 he meets Filippo Tommaso Marinetti, who convinced him to join the futurist movement. With Edmond Van Dooren and Jan Cockx, Jozef Peeters established the “Modern Art” group in September 1918. The group was able to establish international contacts with the "Der Sturm" Gallery in Germany. It also organized three art congresses with exhibitions.
In 1920, Jozef Peeters presents his first abstract painting. He is considered to be, next to Karel Maes, one of the first Belgian abstract painters. The next year he published his first album with six linocuts. Jozef Peeters also participated in several international art exhibitions among which the International exhibition in Geneva (1921) and the First exhibition of modern art in Bucharest (1924).
En 1924, he worked on the interior decoration and designed the furniture for his new house.
Jozef Peeters was also committed to art publications. In 1921, in cooperation with Geert Pijnenburg and Michel Seuphor, he publishes the "Het Overzicht" (The Panorama) in Antwerp. In April 1925, Jozef Peeters creates the "De Driehoek" (The Triangle) magazine, supporting constructivist art.
In 1930 he gives up painting and all other artistic activities.

</doc>
<doc id="19475173" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19475173" title="Manada Hill, Pennsylvania">
Manada Hill, Pennsylvania

Manada Hill sometimes Manadahill, is an unincorporated community in East Hanover Township, Dauphin County, Pennsylvania, United States, within the census-designated place of Skyline View.
History.
It has the oldest area of population concentration (it is now a flourishing commercial district of truck stops, restaurants, and convenience stores just off Interstate 81). It was the only village of the township, containing a post office and a few stores and shops to supply the surrounding neighborhood. Traveling peddlers provided incidental needs before the establishment of the country store. Three churches surrounded the community within a radius of three miles (5 km): a small Lutheran congregation; to the southeast the German Baptists built a church taken over in 1860 by the Hanoverdale Church of the Brethren; and to the northeast, the Zion Lutheran Church.

</doc>
<doc id="19475175" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19475175" title="Júlio César Leal">
Júlio César Leal

Júlio César Leal Junior (born April 13, 1951 in Itajuba, Brazil) is an association football manager.
Leal has coached clubs in Kuwait, Brazil, Japan, United States and South Africa.
He parted ways with Orlando Pirates on 4 April 2012, three weeks after being suspended. 

</doc>
<doc id="19475202" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19475202" title="Laurent Piche">
Laurent Piche

Laurent Piche (born 1985) grew up in the small rural town of La Broquerie in
Manitoba, Canada. He has produced, directed and edited sporting event
videos, commercials as well as a handful of short films, many of which
have won numerous prizes in Festivals across Canada and in France.
Laurent's first language is French but is obviously very much
bilingual. To this fact, Larry attributes many of his success.
At the age of 17, he also started writing and acting in a French
Pre-teen CBC televised show called "Clan Destin". One of the many highlights of Laurent's career came in 2003 when his mock documentary
"Deuxieme enfance" was not only nominated but won both the "Best
Picture" and "Public's Choice" awards at the Festival des Videastes in
Winnipeg. Just recently, Laurent finished post-production on a
television pilot written and co-created by Josh Hatfield, "Educated
Guess".
Shortly after, Laurent launched his new Production Company "Hatchway
Entertainment". Further to Producing and Directing his own films,
Laurent continues to work on music videos and indie-features perfecting
his craft as an Assistant Director soon to become a member of the Director's Guild of Canada.
Filmography.
Assistant Director:
Director:
External links.
http://www.linkedin.com/in/lpiche

</doc>
<doc id="19475203" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19475203" title="Enos Kagaba">
Enos Kagaba

Enos Kagaba is a Rwandan businessman who, in 2001, was arrested at the Minneapolis-Saint Paul International Airport when he attempted to gain entry into the United States.
Arrest.
He was initially charged with fraud and attempting to enter the country under false identity. Once the Immigration and Customs Enforcement's Human Rights Violators and Public Safety Unit (HRVPSU) became aware that Rwanda had issued an international arrest warrant against Kagaba for actions of genocide during the 1994 war in Rwanda, genocide charges were also added. A removal order was then issued. 
This was the first incidence in the United States of a removal order for the accusation of genocide. The United States used 18 U.S.C. §2340a to establish jurisdiction over Kagaba. This statute granted jurisdiction over an alleged offender if he: a) is a national of the United States OR b) is present in the United States (regardless of whether he or the victims(s) are/were U.S. nationals).

</doc>
<doc id="19475212" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19475212" title="Chris Fletcher">
Chris Fletcher

Chris Fletcher (born December 25, 1948 in Morristown, New Jersey) is a former American football safety in the National Football League. He was drafted by the San Diego Chargers in the ninth round of the 1970 NFL Draft. He played college football at Temple.
Fletcher played his entire seven-year career for the Chargers from 1970 to 1976.
Early years.
Fletcher attended East Orange High School.

</doc>
<doc id="19475215" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19475215" title="Megali Doxipara">
Megali Doxipara

Megali Doxipara (Greek: Μεγάλη Δοξιπάρα) is a village in the municipality of Orestiada in the northern part of the Evros regional unit in Greece. Megali Doxipara is located about 23 km west of the centre of Orestiada. The nearest villages are Doxa to the south, Chandras to the east and Zoni to the west.
History.
Before 1913 it was ruled by the Ottomans. The village was known as Dugantzi then. After a brief period of Bulgarian rule between 1913 and 1919, it became part of Greece. As a result its Bulgarian and Turkish population was exchanged with Greek refugees, mainly from today's Turkey.

</doc>
<doc id="19475254" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19475254" title="Renault Celtaquatre">
Renault Celtaquatre

The Renault Celtaquatre is a small family car or compact car automobile produced by the French manufacturer Renault between 1934 and 1938. While being French, it looked much like an American car.
Details and evolution.
1934-1938: four-cylinder 1463 cc side-valve engine, 30 hp, bore × stroke of 70×95 mm
In May 1934 the Celtaquatre is presented. It is intended to compete with the Citroen Traction Avant.
Its rounded silhouette gave it the nickname “Celtaboule” ("Celtaball").
In 1935, adjustments are made to the bonnet, with horizontal chrome-lined openings in place of the earlier three shutters.
Two-tone paintwork is standard. A supplement of 400 francs is required for a single color.
In 1936, the Celtaquatre loses its roundness and takes on a more aerodynamic shape. Appearance of two new body types: a Convertible and a Coach. In 1937, the Celtaquatre receives an American-inspired V-shaped grill, which is retained throughout the rest of the model's production.
In 1938, A new bumper design appears to right blades. The coupé is discontinued.
1939: the Celtaquatre is replaced by the Juvaquatre after production of 44,000 units.
1940: Most of the Celtaquatre cars remaining in stock are delivered to the French Army.
1941 (July): The very last 13 Celtaquatre cars are transformed into a small series of Novaquatre.

</doc>
<doc id="19475257" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19475257" title="William Stearns Davis">
William Stearns Davis

William Stearns Davis (April 30, 1877 – February 15, 1930) was an American educator, historian, and author. He has been cited as one who “contributed to history as a scholarly discipline, . . . was intrigued by the human side of history, which, at the time, was neglected by the discipline.” After first experimenting with short stories, he turned while still a college undergraduate to longer forms to relate, from an involved (fictional) character’s view, a number of critical turns of history. This faculty for humanizing, even dramatizing, history characterized Davis’ later academic and professional writings as well, making them particularly suitable for secondary and higher education during the first half of the twentieth century in a field which, according to one editor, had “lost the freshness and robustness . . . the congeniality” that should mark the study of history. Both Davis’ fiction and non-fiction are found in public and academic libraries today.
Life.
Davis was born April 30, 1877 in the presidential mansion of Amherst College, Amherst, Massachusetts, where his mother's father had been president for the twenty-two years preceding his birth. His father was Congregational minister William Vail Wilson Davis; his mother Francis Stearns. Due both to childhood illnesses and to family moves occasioned by his father's call to new congregations, Davis was largely educated at home until he entered Worcester Academy in 1895. In 1897 he matriculated at Harvard. Fascinated by maps and by historical figures, he had begun writing stories for himself while still at home. He now turned this experience and his desire to humanize history to writing historical novels, the first of which, "A Friend of Caesar", was published in the year he graduated as a member of Phi Beta Kappa. He continued at Harvard, being the first first-year graduate student to receive the Harvard Thayer Graduate Scholarship, and earning his A.M. in 1901 and his PhD in 1905. During these same years he continued publishing historical fiction.
In 1904, Davis began his formal teaching career, beginning as a lecturer at Radcliffe College while finishing his doctorate. He continued thereafter at Beloit College (instructor, 1906–07), Oberlin College (Assistant Professor of Medieval and Modern European History, 1907–1909), and finally at the University of Minnesota (Professor of History, 1909–1927). “He was an excellent teacher with the ability to put life into his lectures.” His steady output of non-fiction in both history and the historical background to contemporary world affairs began with his time at Minnesota. Professionally, he was a member of the American Historical Association.
In 1911, he married Alice Williams Redfield of Minneapolis. He retired from teaching in 1927, moving back to New England and taking up residence in Exeter, New Hampshire, with the intention of devoting all of his time to writing. However, he died of pneumonia following an operation at the age of 52 on February 15, 1930.
Writings.
Fiction.
Davis’ books are characterized by his desire to tell a story. For his historical fiction, he chose subjects with dramatic flavor, such as the battles of Thermopylae and Salamis, the coming to power of Julius Caesar, Leo the Isaurian’s defense of Constantinople, the beginning of the Protestant Reformation, and the start of the American Revolution. Stylistically, they use narrative of the kind which Josephine Tey called “history-with-conversation”, and his earliest novels have some of the attributes of scholarly publication, including meticulous (and copious) footnotes or appendices. Indeed, a reviewer of a later fictional work noted that previously “Mr. Davis has erred in overabundance of detail. Knowing much is sometimes more troublesome than knowing little, and Mr. Davis's knowledge has in times past seemed too large for his story. In "Falaise," however, this fault is to a most felicitous degree overcome . . . .” The "American National Biography" noted that his fictional works “were not classics, . . . but they were accurate and maintained an interesting story line.” He himself would become deeply involved in such writings, to the point of depression when one was finished.
Non-fiction.
In a similar manner, the elements of narrative and drama are part of his non-fiction, much of which was written for teaching purposes. His 1910 work on wealth and money in first-century Rome begins with an almost journalistic daily-weekly narrative of bank failures and trading house suspensions leading to a financial panic in 33 AD (which must have read all too familiarly to those who had just weathered the 1907 crash). The opening of "The Roots of the War", perhaps his most contemporaneously widely read nonfiction book, portrays Bismarck, Moltke, and Roon at dinner in 1870, planning what would become the Franco-Prussian War. Among his last works, "Europe Since Waterloo" (and all the revisions based upon it) begins with a narrative picture of Napoleon on the deck of the British man-o'-war transporting him to his final exile in St. Helena. Forty years later, Kurt Schmeller, producing the latest revision of that work, would say that he “sought to retain the powerful and dramatic narrative of earlier editions”, and Theodore H. Von Laue’s foreword to the same edition would cite Davis’ “forceful, lively, and down-to-earth style” as a motive to retain the core of a work then moving towards a half-century of use.
Davis’ strong anti-German sentiment colored much of his later non-fiction writing, particularly in his articles and letters to various periodicals. He was a forceful advocate of military preparedness in the years leading up to World War I, for which he was duly criticized in the widely pacifistic feeling of the times (see for example the 1916 exchange of letters in "The Survey"). During World War I, Davis and many other academic historians desired to support the war but hesitated between a professionally ethical approach to history and a firm belief in President Wilson’s expressed ideals in advocating American intervention in the War. Davis chose to participate in the work of the government-sponsored Committee on Public Information (CPI). Davis in particular provided historical background and context to the Committee's pamphlet on Wilson’s war message to Congress. For this work, in the years following the War, he and the other participants were criticized by some contemporaries belonging to the "revisionist" historical school, such as Harry Elmer Barnes. Succeeding next-generation scholars in the same tradition were equally critical. A particularly outspoken critic, C. Hartley Gratton, said of Davis' CPI efforts and of his 1918 "The Roots of the War" that there was "free use of gossip, and the 'revelations' of the Creel Bureau are accepted as definitive truth". Davis himself would write in 1926 of the earlier work that “very little of hastily prepared material has endured under the cold scrutiny demanded by added information and years of retrospect.”. In view of Davis' retirement and early death, what long-term effect such criticisms might have had upon him is unknowable. Blakey sums up the revisionists' efforts by saying that, however they changed the practice of historical writing, "their impact on the subsequent lives and careers of the embattled historians was slight to the point of being negligible," and this could apply fairly to Davis.
Historical approach.
Throughout his writing career, both of fiction and non-fiction, Davis’ "angle" to history, as he himself put it in his preface to "Europe Since Waterloo", included:
“a belief in a just form of "nationalism", and that a devoted loyalty to native land is entirely reconcilable with an ardent love for wide humanity.
“an intense belief in "democracy", . . . and that the modern age is bound to resume the old, old battle against the vicious assumption that some select group of men . . . is competent to decree the destinies of an entire people.
“Finally, . . . a matured belief that only as "the spirit of Christianity" penetrates the hearts of men will human brotherhood and wide-spread, enduring happiness be achieved . . . . If the so-called Christian nations and rulers have all too often failed unworthily, their failure has been because they knew not the essence of Christianity, however eagerly they have usurped the name.”
Stylistically, Davis never gave up on writing "stories" as a medium to convey his love for history as he saw it, and his intense conviction that the knowledge of history should matter to his contemporaries. He had a faculty for describing critical scenes, such as the expulsion of the tribunes in "A Friend of Caesar" or Luther before the Diet of Worms in "The Friar of Wittenberg". In his day, he was known for his “vivid, almost melodramatic prose style”. "Twentieth Century Authors" would credit him with having welded “fact and fiction without loss of narrative intensity or historical plausibility.”

</doc>
<doc id="19475291" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19475291" title="Global Sprint Challenge">
Global Sprint Challenge

The Global Sprint Challenge is a Thoroughbred horse racing series inaugurated in 2005 as a series of six sprint races run across three racing jurisdictions in Australia, England and Japan. In 2006 the series expanded to seven races across four racing jurisdictions with the inclusion of a race in Hong Kong. In 2008 the series expanded to eight races when an additional race in England became part of the series and in 2011 the series expands to nine races with the inclusion of a race in Singapore.
Challenge history.
2005 – Inauguration of six race series<br>
2006 – Series expanded to seven races with the inclusion of the Hong Kong International Sprint<br>
2006 – $US1,000,000 bonus incentive added to series<br>
2008 – King's Stand Stakes upgraded to Group 1 from Group 2<br>
2008 – Series expanded to eight races with the inclusion of the July Cup<br>
2008 – The Age Classic replaces the Australia Stakes as the second Australian leg of the series<br>
2011 – Series expanded to nine races with the inclusion of the KrisFlyer International Sprint <br>
2011 – The Takamatsunomiya Kinen replaces the Centaur Stakes as the first Japanese leg of the series<br>
2012 – Series expanded to ten races with the inclusion of the Dubai Golden Shaheen
Global Sprint Challenge races.
All races are Group / Grade One event.
Lightning Stakes at Flemington Racecourse<br>
Takamatsunomiya Kinen at Chukyo Racecourse (2011 run at Hanshin Racecourse)<br>
Dubai Golden Shaheen at Meydan Racecourse<br >
KrisFlyer International Sprint at Kranji Racecourse<br >
King's Stand Stakes at Royal Ascot<br>
Diamond Jubilee Stakes at Royal Ascot <br>
July Cup at Newmarket Racecourse<br>
Sprinters Stakes at Nakayama Racecourse<br>
The Age Classic at Flemington Racecourse<br>
Hong Kong International Sprint at Sha Tin Racecourse

</doc>
<doc id="19475313" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19475313" title="All by Myself (disambiguation)">
All by Myself (disambiguation)

"All by Myself" is a 1975 song by Eric Carmen, covered by many artists.
All by Myself may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19475314" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19475314" title="Travian Smith">
Travian Smith

Travian Smith (born August 26, 1975 in Shepherd, Texas) is a former American football linebacker in the National Football League. He was drafted by the Oakland Raiders in the fifth round of the 1998 NFL Draft. He played college football at Oklahoma. 
Smith played for the Raiders from 1998 to 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="19475315" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19475315" title="Sons of Angels (Norwegian band)">
Sons of Angels (Norwegian band)

Sons of Angels are a Norwegian Rock Band from 1990. They released their first self-titled album in 1990 on May 11. They weren't very well known but their first record managed to sell over 150 000 copies. 
They had a bit of success with the album's single and first track - "Cowgirl" - they also made a music video of that song. They returned in 2001 with a 2nd album - "Slumber With The Lion".
Notes.
American / Japanese rock group Crush 40 (the main artists behind well known theme songs to Sonic the Hedgehog video games such as "Open Your Heart" from Sonic Adventure) were originally known as Sons of Angels.
They did release an album entitled "Sons of Angels - Thrill of the feel" in 2000. It is only available in Japan and it is very rare but it is also available on Amazon.com
The band had to change their name later to Crush 40 due to the fact that there were already another Sons of Angels band in existence.

</doc>
<doc id="19475329" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19475329" title="National Register of Historic Places listings in Ashland County, Wisconsin">
National Register of Historic Places listings in Ashland County, Wisconsin

__NOTOC__
Buildings, sites, districts, and objects in Ashland County listed on the National Register of Historic Places

</doc>
<doc id="19475336" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19475336" title="Christoforos Nezer">
Christoforos Nezer

Christoforos Nezer may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19475362" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19475362" title="1955 Rose Bowl">
1955 Rose Bowl

The 1955 Rose Bowl was a college football game played between the University of Southern California (USC) and the Ohio State University. Ohio State won the game, 20–7.
Woody Hayes came into his first Rose Bowl tied for the National Championship with PCC champion UCLA. However, #2 UCLA was locked out of the game because of the "no-repeat" rule.
Teams.
Ohio State.
The quarterback for Ohio State was Dave Leggett. Mr. Leggett threw eleven passes, completing six, one a touchdown pass to Bob Watkins. Hopalong Cassady ran for 92 yards and led the Bucks to 304 yards on the ground and an overall advantage of 360-206 yards in total offense.
University of Southern California.
The only touchdown by USC was an 86-yard punt return by Aramis Dandoy.
Game Summary.
The teams played in the first rainstorm to hit Pasadena during a Rose Bowl in more than 50 years.

</doc>
<doc id="19475378" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19475378" title="Bill Nye (disambiguation)">
Bill Nye (disambiguation)

Bill Nye (born 1955) is an American scientist known for his role in "Bill Nye the Science Guy".
Bill Nye may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19475379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19475379" title="Lasher (disambiguation)">
Lasher (disambiguation)

Lasher is the second novel in the series "Lives of the Mayfair Witches".
Lasher may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19475380" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19475380" title="Uncial 088">
Uncial 088

Uncial 088 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), α 1021 (Soden), is a Greek uncial manuscript of the New Testament, dated paleographically to the 5th or 6th century. 
Description.
To the present day survived only two parchment leaves of this codex (23.5 cm by 20 cm). The leaves are arranged in quarto in quire. They contain a small parts of the 1 Corinthians 15:53-16:9, and the Titus 1:1-13. The text is written in two columns per page, 24 lines per page, in very large uncial letters.
It is a palimpsest, the upper text is in Georgian from 10th century.
Text.
The Greek text of this codex is a representative of the Alexandrian text-type with some alien readings. Aland placed it in Category II.
In 1 Corinthians 15:52 it reads εγερθησονται (as p46, Sinaiticus, B C Ψ 075 0121a 0243 Byz); other manuscripts read αναστησονται (as A D F G P);
In 1 Corinthians 15:53 it has singular reading την αθανασιαν for αθανασιαν;
In 1 Corinthians 15:54 it lacks το φθαρτον τουτο ενδυσηται αφθαρσιαν και along with 0121a, 0243, 1175, 1739;
In 1 Corinthians 16:2 it has reading σαββατου (A, B, C, D, F, G, P, Ψ, 33) against σαββατων (075, 0121a, 0243, and Byzantine manuscripts);
History.
Currently it is dated by the INTF to the 5th or 6th century.
The text of the manuscript was edited by Constantin von Tischendorf. It was examined and described by Kurt Treu.
The codex currently is located at the Russian National Library (Gr. 6, II, fol. 5-6) at Saint Petersburg.

</doc>
<doc id="19475385" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19475385" title="Theo Rossi">
Theo Rossi

John Theodore "Theo" Rossi (born June 4, 1975) is an American actor, best known for his role on the FX series "Sons of Anarchy" as Juan Carlos "Juice" Ortiz.
Early life.
Rossi was born in Staten Island, New York. Growing up, he loved to ride dirt bikes. Rossi studied acting at The Lee Strasberg Theatre Institute in New York where he appeared in several theatre productions in the short time he was there.
Career.
Rossi moved to Los Angeles in 1999, and showcased his acting versatility by first appearing in commercials for McDonald's, Nissan, and Bud Light. Since 2001, Rossi has guest starred in multiple television shows such as "Veronica Mars", "Bones", "Boston Public", "American Dreams", "Heist", "Las Vegas" and "Grey's Anatomy" and "Law and Order SVU".
As a film actor he starred in the movie "The Challenge" with Mary-Kate and Ashley Olsen, "Code Breakers", and had a small part in "Cloverfield". He also appeared in the films "Kill Theory", "The Informers" and "Fencewalker".
In 2008, he was cast as the recurring role of "Juice" Ortiz in the series "Sons of Anarchy", his best known role to date. Due to popular response, Rossi was upgraded to regular castmember in the second season.
Rossi attended SUNY Albany during 1994–1998.
Personal life.
In addition to acting and developing other projects, Rossi gets involved with the men and women of the military, with fellow co-stars, Kim Coates, Dayton Callie and Ron Perlman. Since Rossi is an Ambassador to the "Boot Campaign", he directly works with multiple organizations that help raise money for wounded soldiers and those returning with PTSD. Throughout the off-season, Rossi travels to different bases to visit U.S. military men and women on a regular basis.
Within days of Hurricane Sandy hitting Staten Island, Rossi, with other friends and family, founded "Staten Strong", a Program administered by the "Boot Campaign". "Staten Strong" shot their first Public Service Announcement a week after Hurricane Sandy hit. Over the last six months, "Staten Strong" has rebuilt two homes for Hurricane Sandy victims on Staten Island, and currently working on a third.
Rossi also founded "Dos Dudes Pictures" with several of his friends, in 2011. There is currently a documentary and their first feature film in the works this year.

</doc>
<doc id="19475407" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19475407" title="Marshall Browne">
Marshall Browne

Marshall Browne (born 27 November 1935 in Melbourne) is an Australian crime fiction writer.
A merchant banker he has lived in Hong Kong, London, and Bhutan. He now lives in Melbourne. He also served as a commando in the Australian forces, and as a paratrooper in the British forces.
Notes.
Browne's novels include "The Melbourne Trilogy" series of historical novels ("The Gilded Cage", "The Burnt City", and "The Trumpeting Angel"), the Inspector Anders series of crime novels ("The Wooden Leg of Inspector Anders", "Inspector Anders and the Ship of Fools" and "Inspector Anders and the Blood Vendetta"), and the Frank Scmidt series ("Eye of the Abyss" and "The Iron Heart").
The author has stated that he intends to write further works featuring Hideo Aoki, the Tokyo Metropolitan Police detective from "Rendezvous at Kamakura Inn".

</doc>
<doc id="19475415" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19475415" title="Méier, Rio de Janeiro">
Méier, Rio de Janeiro

"For other uses, see Meier."
Méier is a neighborhood in the North Zone of Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.
Education and leisure.
The neighborhood has some private universities, several private schools (some almost centenary), state and municipal schools. The best known schools are private, Immaculate Heart of Mary School (sagrado Coração de Maria) based in 1914 in the former Imperial Street, current Aristides Caire Street Immaculate Heart of Mary College and Metropolitan College (Colégio Metropolitano) founded in 1932 in street Dias da Cruz (where today is the Méier Shopping Mall) and has three units in the neighborhood. There are several language private courses like CCAA, Brasas, Cultura Inglesa and Ibeu) and other courses (such as Kumon). There are also academies of traditional dance (Rio Dance Center) and Sport Club Mackenzie.
Meiér has some good restaurants like Boi Bão at Lopez da Cruz Street and Casa do Bacalhau at Dias da Cruz Street.
Dias da Cruz Street is closed and turned into a recreation area on Sundays and holidays from 8 a.m. to 6 p.m. between Hermengarda Street and Magalhães Couto Street.
Health.
Salgado Filho Municipal Hospital is located in Méier. The hospital began its activities on October 12, 1920 under the name "Auxiliary Service of the First Aid Méier". On November 28, 1951, changed its name to Méier dispensary. Only on March 27, 1963 it finally opened as Salgado Filho State Hospital. On March 17, 1977, the new Municipal Hospital Salgado Filho, with a main block (and 7 underground floors), with two annexes (with a 3 and another with 2 floors) is inaugurated by Mayor Marcos Tamoya and his Secretary of Health, Dr. Felippe Cardoso Filho. Ana Barbosa on the street is located the post of Municipal CALL Caesar Pernetta.
The Todos os Santos neighborhood near Méier has the Pasteur Hospital, which opened in 2005. The hospital, with 24 hour care, has emergency, gynecology/obstetrics, general surgery, orthopedic and radiology departments.
Culture.
The neighborhood was once a cultural center but past the year this scenario has changed. It used to have four movie theaters. The most famous of them was the Imperator. The others were: Art Méier and Bruni Méier (both on the Silva Rabelo street) and Paratodos (on the Arquias Cordeiro Street). In 1991, Imperator was transformed into a dance club, but it was closed in 1995.
The neighborhood has the Rio Dance Center, founded in 1973, which had among its students actress Adriana Esteves and presenter Fátima Bernardes.
Transport.
Supervia.
The neighborhood has a SuperVia station: the Méier station. Only the trains of Deodoro Line stop at this station, but it is possible to reach other available lines (Japeri and Santa Cruz) at Engenho de Dentro station.
Bus lines.
The neighborhood has two buses terminals: the Bus Terminal Americo Ayres (end point / line regulator of 8 and 16 routes) and Bus Terminal Architect Gelton Pacciello da Motta (end point / regulator, 7 lines and 15 itineraries). There are 93 routes and 55 lines operated by 23 companies that allow access to several other neighborhoods in the city.
Taxi.
The neighborhood has 9 taxi stops controlled by the Municipality of Rio de Janeiro. Other stops (like Engenho de Dentro and Norte Shopping) at nearby areas facilitate the use of this mean of transportation. Méier has some taxi cooperatives, and Taxi Méier is one of the most famous and used by the population.

</doc>
<doc id="19475419" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19475419" title="CaribVision">
CaribVision

CaribVision is an internationally broadcast English-language television channel run by the Caribbean Media Corporation (CMC)'s national broadcast centre on the island of Barbados. The main focus of the channel is Caribbean culture, news, current affairs, sports, lifestyle, opinions, and entertainment from an Anglophone Caribbean perspective.
CaribVision is currently available in over 27 Caribbean territories and North America, where it broadcasts to the Caribbean-diaspora.
It is available in the United States on Cablevision.

</doc>
<doc id="19475431" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19475431" title="George Zarnecki">
George Zarnecki

George Jerzy Zarnecki, CBE, FBA, FSA (12 September 1915 – 8 September 2008) was a Polish-English Professor of Art history. He was a scholar of Medieval art and English Romanesque sculpture, an area of study where he did pioneering research.
Early life.
Zarnecki was born in Stara Osota, then in Russia, but now part of the Ukraine. His parents were Polish speaking, his father was a Polish convert from Judaism and his mother was Russian Catholic.
World War II.
At the outbreak of war with Nazi Germany, Zarnecki, his sister and parents headed for Bucharest. He made his way to France via Italy, joined a Polish regiment and fought in Alsace, France. He was captured in 1940 and escaped twice, recaptured both times he spent two years as a Prisoner of War. He narrowly avoided being sent to a concentration camp as a suspected Jew. The fact he was not circumcised and was wearing a crucifix his mother had given him, saved him from that fate. Using forged documents Zarnecki escaped to Vichy France and thence into Franco's Spain where his was interned for a year before being allowed to go to England. Zarnecki escaped Spain and made his way to England in 1943. He joined the Free Polish Forces, attaining the rank of Lance Corporal. He spent time compiling an index of the cultural losses that Poland was suffering as a result of the German invasion. Zarnecki was later awarded the French Croix de guerre and the Polish Cross of Valor (two bars) for his military service.
Career.
After the war, Zarnecki stayed on in England and in 1945 attained a position as assistant at the Courtauld Institute of Art's Conway library. He got the job thanks to an earlier association with Anthony Blunt, to whom he had been introduced in 1944. Zarnecki became a naturalised British citizen on 1 July 1949. Whilst at the Courtauld he studied for his PhD, under the supervision of Fritz Saxl director of the Warburg Institute, University of London. He was awarded his PhD in 1950, his thesis had been on the subject of 'Regional Schools in English Sculpture in the 12th century'. In 1949 Zarnecki was promoted to librarian of the Courtauld's Conway library, taking charge of its collection of photographs of sculpture and architecture. He helped organize, and embarked on, expeditions around Europe to build up the library’s photographic holdings. In 1959, after serving 10 years as the Conway librarian, Zarnecki was appointed to the Courtauld's academic staff as a Reader. During the academic year 1960 to 61 he held the position of Oxford University's Slade Professor of Fine Art.
In 1961 Zarnecki was made deputy director of the Courtauld Institute serving under the directorship of Anthony Blunt. His role as deputy was largely administrative, he was mainly responsible for the day-to-day running of the Institute. He was appointed a Commander of the Order of the British Empire (CBE) in the 1970 New Year Honours, and was appointed to the Royal Commission on the Historical Monuments of England on 1 January 1972, and was later re-appointed for a further five years on 1 January 1979. He remained deputy director at the Courtauld for 13 years, until 1974, when Blunt retired as director. Zarnecki was widely expected to be appointed director but he did not apply for the position, preferring instead to return to academic teaching and research. It was revealed in 1979 that Blunt had been a spy for the Soviet Union. Despite working with Blunt for almost 30 years Zarnecki described him as elusive, and was horrified by the spying revelation.
Zarnecki officially retired in 1982, though he still continued to do much scholarly work. In 1984 he was the chairman of the committee that organized the Arts Council's major exhibition on English Romanesque art, held at The Hayward art gallery. This exhibition was the first time the subject matter had received such a wide audience. In 1987, Zarnecki and French scholar Jean Bony conceived the idea of creating a publicly available digital archive of British and Irish Romanesque stone sculpture at the British Academy. This was one of the first such projects of its type.
Personal life.
Zarnecki was married to Anne Leslie Frith in 1945. They first met in 1944 during an air raid when they both took shelter together in Regent's Park tube station. She claimed to be impressed by his ostentatious uniform, thinking that he must be a General. The marriage produced a son and daughter.
Honours and memberships.
Zarnecki has received various honours and awards:
Selected bibliography.
Amongst Zarnecki's published works are:

</doc>
<doc id="19475462" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19475462" title="HaKirya">
HaKirya

HaKirya, or The Kirya (, "lit." The Campus), is an area in central Tel Aviv, containing the Tel-Aviv District government center and the major Israel Defense Forces base, Camp Rabin (, "Mahaneh Rabin"), named for Yitzhak Rabin. It was one of the first IDF bases and has served as the IDF headquarters since its founding in 1948.
History.
Much of the Kirya today is located on the lands of Sarona, a Templer settlement founded in the 19th Century. Sarona was an agricultural colony, and kept this nature despite the expansion of Tel Aviv and attempts by the city to buy some of Sarona's lands. In World War II, the British forces took control of Sarona and converted it into a prison camp for Germans. After the war, the German prisoners were deported, mostly to Australia, and Sarona became a British military and police base. The base was the site of the first ever unconcealed Haganah attack on a British installation.
The base was taken over by the Haganah on December 16, 1947, and renamed to Camp Yehoshu'a, after Yehoshu'a Globerman, who was killed near Latrun while returning from a mission to Jerusalem. It was the first independent Jewish military base in modern history. The base was dubbed "HaKirya" because it contained the government offices in Tel Aviv, the provisional capital of Israel at the time, until Jerusalem was secured and declared the capital. The Haganah and then Israel Defense Forces also used the Templer buildings as their first headquarters, including the headquarters of the Sherut Avir (later Israeli Air Force) and the Kiryati Brigade. The Givati Brigade was also founded at the base.
Over the years, the military base's land area has been decreasing, due to the high land value and sale to private companies, although the government retains many of its offices in the Kirya Tower in the southern Kirya. As of 2009 however, Camp Rabin remains the base with the largest amount of regular soldiers. In 2012, the IDF announced that they believe that, in the next war, HaKirya could be targeted by enemy GPS-guided missiles, in particular the M-300 missiles installed in Syria.
Geography and structures.
The Kirya today consists of a northern section, used for the military base, and the southern, a business district mostly under construction as of 2008, which includes the Kirya Tower. These sections are separated by Kaplan Street. The military base is home to the Matcal Tower and Marganit Tower, and serves as the headquarters of the IDF's General Staff. From 1951 to 1998, the former new school of Sarona was home to a large birthing center (HaKirya Maternity Hospital), closed when the newer Lis Maternity Hospital was opened in the adjacent Tel Aviv Sourasky Medical Center. The hospital building, erected by architect Theo Wieland as the new school in 1930 in Bauhaus style, was torn down in 2002 to give way for the Matcal Tower, however, its cornerstone box of documents was retrieved by Professor Reuven Peyser. 
There are plans to evacuate parts of the northern section (military base), including the dining room, in favor of the Tel Aviv Light Rail and private development. Plans also exist to build five new towers in the base, including new structures for the Military Intelligence Directorate and Navy.  In August 2013, The Tel Aviv Local Committee approved plans for the Keren Hakirya mixed use complex, composed of 80 and 50 story commercial towers, two 45 story residential towers, on a base consisting of a two story retail mall, at the intersection of Menachem Begin and Shaul HaMelech and Boulevards.  

</doc>
<doc id="19475465" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19475465" title="Wedge Island">
Wedge Island

Wedge Island may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19475472" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19475472" title="Don Davey">
Don Davey

Donald Vincent "Don" Davey (born April 8, 1968 in Scottsville, New York) is a former American football defensive tackle in the National Football League. He was drafted by the Green Bay Packers in the third round of the 1991 NFL Draft. He attended Manitowoc Lincoln High School where he played football. He played college football at Wisconsin. He currently owns Firehouse Subs in Madison, WI.
Davey also played for the Jacksonville Jaguars.

</doc>
<doc id="19475477" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19475477" title="Rescueman">
Rescueman

Episodes.
1980年2月2日（土）16時30分～19時00分放送
1980年2月9日（土）16時30分～19時00分放送
1980年2月16日（土）16時30分～19時00分放送
1980年2月23日（土）16時30分～19時00分放送
1980年3月1日（土）16時30分～19時00分放送
1980年3月8日（土）16時30分～19時00分放送
1980年3月15日（土）16時30分～19時00分放送
1980年3月22日（土）16時30分～19時00分放送
1980年3月29日（土）16時30分～19時00分放送
第10話　アヤマリのロレンス？！ 
1980年4月5日（土）16時30分～19時00分放送
第11話　アターシャのライバル？！ 
1980年4月12日（土）16時30分～19時00分放送
第12話　ロダンのにらめっこする人？！ 
1980年4月19日（土）16時30分～19時00分放送
第13話　オジャママン４号誕生？！ 
1980年4月26日（土）16時30分～19時00分放送
第14話　奈良の都の逆立ち大仏？！ 
1980年5月3日（土）16時30分～19時00分放送
第15話　新撰組スエズ運河へ？！ 
1980年5月10日（土）16時30分～19時00分放送
第16話　人魚使いアンデルセン？！ 
1980年5月17日（土）16時30分～19時00分放送
第17話　フランクリンのタコあげ？！ 
1980年5月24日（土）16時30分～19時00分放送
第18話　翼よあれはウソの灯だ？！ 
1980年5月31日（土）16時30分～19時00分放送
第19話　酒場の天使ナイチンゲール？！ 
1980年6月7日（土）16時30分～19時00分放送
第20話　文左衛門の燈油船？！ 
1980年6月14日（土）16時30分～19時00分放送
第21話　謎の怪物メエーリアン？！ 
1980年6月21日（土）16時30分～19時00分放送
第22話　花の大陸中断鉄道？！ 
1980年6月28日（土）16時30分～19時00分放送
第23話　セコビッチのタイム家出？！ 
1980年7月5日（土）16時30分～19時00分放送
第24話　消えた武田信玄？！ 
1980年7月12日（土）16時30分～19時00分放送
第25話　長官の宝箱をとりもどせ？！ 
1980年7月19日（土）16時30分～19時00分放送
第26話　パトロール隊の夏休み 
1980年7月26日（土）16時30分～19時00分放送
第27話　恐怖のドラキュラ城？！ 
1980年8月2日（土）16時30分～19時00分放送
第28話　世紀の美女全員集合？！ 
1980年8月9日（土）16時30分～19時00分放送
第29話　ヒネボットのお父さん？！ 
1980年8月16日（土）16時30分～19時00分放送
第30話　家康のタヌキ武者？！ 
1980年8月23日（土）16時30分～19時00分放送
第31話　ＵＦＯ強盗怪事件？！ 
1980年8月30日（土）16時30分～19時00分放送
第32話　海賊王オジャママン？！ 
1980年9月6日（土）16時30分～19時00分放送
第33話　２００１文宇宙のタビ？！ 
1980年9月13日（土）16時30分～19時00分放送
第34話　アターシャ母子涙の再開 
1980年9月20日（土）16時30分～19時00分放送
第35話　東南長官のちゃっかり娘 
1980年9月27日（土）16時30分～19時00分放送
第36話　珍味トンマのサンド？！ 
1980年10月4日（土）16時30分～19時00分放送
第37話　パトロール隊の大運動会 
1980年10月11日（土）16時30分～19時00分放送
第38話　ノストラダマスの大予言？！ 
1980年10月18日（土）16時30分～19時00分放送
第39話　珍剣トンマノ三刀流？！ 
1980年10月25日（土）16時30分～19時00分放送
第40話　ゲキガスキーの先祖は？！ 
1980年11月1日（土）16時30分～19時00分放送
第41話　ドワルスキーの初手柄？！ 
1980年11月8日（土）16時30分～19時00分放送
第42話　セコビッチ花のお見合い？！ 
1980年11月15日（土）16時30分～19時00分放送
第43話　西郷ドンのしりとり遊び？！ 
1980年11月22日（土）16時30分～19時00分放送
第44話　長官がトンマノマント？！ 
1980年11月29日（土）16時30分～19時00分放送
第45話　オタスケマンは大泥棒？！ 
1980年12月6日（土）16時30分～19時00分放送
第46話　決戦！オジャマウォーズ 
1980年12月13日（土）16時30分～19時00分放送
第47話　西部の勇者ゲキガスキー？！ 
1980年12月20日（土）16時30分～19時00分放送
第48話　ヒカルがナナの未来の夫？ 
1980年12月27日（土）16時30分～19時00分放送
第49話　アターシャたち全員クビ！ 
1980年1月3日（土）16時30分～19時00分放送
第50話　パトロール隊のタイム遠足 
1980年1月10日（土）16時30分～19時00分放送
第51話　月面着陸アポロは２番？ 
1980年1月17日（土）16時30分～19時00分放送
第52話　オタスケマン大ピンチ！ 
1980年1月24日（土）16時30分～19時00分放送
第53話　輝け！世界のオタスケマン 
1980年1月31日（土）16時30分～19時00分放送

</doc>
<doc id="19475478" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19475478" title="Thuladurlung">
Thuladurlung

Thuladurlung is a village development committee in Lalitpur District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1811.

</doc>
<doc id="19475486" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19475486" title="Sunakothi">
Sunakothi

Sunakothi is a village development committee located about 5 km south of the main Lalitpur town in Lalitpur District. According to 2011 Nepal census, Sunakothi has a population of 10092 living in 2397 individual households. The offshoot road near the Satdobato segment of the Ring Road leads to Sunakothi. This road ultimately leads to Lele and is referred to as Satdobato-Tika Bhairab Road.
Geography.
The VDC is spread over an area of 3.08 km2.. On the north of Sunakothi lies Lalitpur Sub Metropolitan City. On the west, Nakhu River separates Sunakothi from Sainbu and Bungamati. Sunakothi is bounded by Dhapakhel on the east and Thecho on the south.
Etymology.
The old name of Sunakothi was "Bhringar Grama" named after the temple of Bhringareshwor Mahadev. There are two myths regarding how the name ‘Sunakothi’ came into being
‘Sana’ refers to funeral procession in Newari. The village is said to have been inhabited by people who helped in funeral works. They hence had a social group of families or Guthi called "Sanaguthi". According to popular saying, the ‘Sunakothi’ word evolved from ‘Sanaguthi’
According to another myth, when the local temple of Swornapur Mandir Mahadev was worshipped wearing a Kush Ring (a ring made out of Hay), it turned into a gold ring which translates to "Sunko Authi" in Nepali. Thus the name of the place is said to have gradually changed into Sunakothi from Sunko Authi.  
History.
The stone inscription around the Bhringareshwor temple indicates that it was built during Lichhavi period. The 5th century stone describes about Managriha and Kailashkut Bhawan and the location was then called "Bhringar Grama". Proper settlement however is said to have be established by King Ratna Malla.  He is said to have established a settlement of 300 houses with families and also started the "Chaitra Purnima" Jatra. The boundary of old settlement was marked by Marker stones on north and south road.
Major Attractions.
Bhringareshwor Mahadev: Bhringeshwor Mahadev is the main temple of Sunakothi. The temple is believed to have been established by King Bishnu Singha in memory of his father King Kusum Singha in 1554 AD . Initial form of the temple is believed to be 3 storied pagoda whose huge artistic struts are still present in the complex. It was rebuilt in present day domed style after the earthquake of 1934AD.
Balkumari Temple: It is a two storey temple dedicated to goddess Balkumari.
Administrative Division.
The Sunakothi VDC is divided into 9 wards. The wards and locality they contains are:
Ward No. → Name of toles
1 → Chautara, Bangedhara, Phongashi
2 → Okhat
3 → Chhansatole, Chokob, Dampak, Hitiphusa
4 → Dhokashi, Darancha
5 → Kulaphal, Janaikhel, Lanko, kalpata:, Chiwala, Pawa, Pancho, Nani chi bahal
6 → Bhramhatole, Utujhol, Tegacha, Chokiba
7 → Dhathutole, Chapaphal, Dewal, Dekiba, Darancha
8 → Dholahiti, Janaikhel
9 → Chokhel, Choyavinayak
Culture.
Festivals and culture observed here are similar to those celebrated in Kathmandu. However, the highlights are the "Gojamari Jatra" celebrated during "Yomari Punhi" in Manshir moon of December and "Bal kumara Jatra" celebrated in Chaitra
The festival in Yomari Punhi is celebrated for 3 days. In the festival, Balkumari goddess is carried on a chariot throughout the inner settlement.
Other such festival is the one in Chaitra. During this festival, Yonsi or wooden pole is erected in chowk, in front of Balkumari temple and other along the main street. Also, during this festival four chariots are taken around the core town.

</doc>
<doc id="19475494" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19475494" title="Paddy O'Hare">
Paddy O'Hare

Paddy O'Hare was a journalist and Irish nationalist politician.
O'Hare became the editor of the "Fermanagh Herald". In 1945, he established a branch of the Irish Anti-Partition League in County Fermanagh. He became a Nationalist Party member of the Senate of Northern Ireland in 1949, and remained a Senator until the proroguement of the Senate in 1972. In 1965, he served as the party's Chief Whip.

</doc>
<doc id="19475499" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19475499" title="Baker, Donelson, Bearman, Caldwell &amp; Berkowitz">
Baker, Donelson, Bearman, Caldwell &amp; Berkowitz

Baker, Donelson, Bearman, Caldwell & Berkowitz P.C. is a large U.S. law firm and lobbying group with offices in the Southeastern United States, Washington, D.C. and London, England. According to the National Law Journal's 2013 rankings, it is the 66th largest law firm in the United States, and the largest in the state of Tennessee. "Fortune" has selected Baker Donelson as one of the 100 Best Companies to Work For five times, citing the firm's commitment to diversity, public service and pro bono work.
History.
Baker, Donelson, Bearman, Caldwell & Berkowitz traces its roots back to the firm of Baker, Worthington, Crossley & Stansberry, founded in 1888. The current firm is the result of a complex series of mergers of many different predecessor firms spread throughout the Southern United States.
Practice areas.
In addition to its broad-based litigation and lobbying practices, the firm has practices in corporate law, mergers & acquisitions, labor and employment, real estate, bankruptcy, health law, intellectual property, and tax law.

</doc>
<doc id="19475501" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19475501" title="Doing It to Death (album)">
Doing It to Death (album)

Doing It to Death is an album by The J.B.'s, released in 1973 by People Records. The album includes a ten-minute version of the #1 R&B hit "Doing It to Death", which is led by Danny Ray's introduction to simulate his MC in concerts.
Track listing.
All songs were written by James Brown.

</doc>
<doc id="19475508" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19475508" title="Chronoperates">
Chronoperates

Chronoperates (meaning "time wanderer" in Greek) is an extinct genus of probable mammal whose remains have been found in a late Paleocene deposit in Alberta, Canada. It is represented by the type species Chronoperates paradoxus and known only from a partial left lower jaw. It was first identified in 1992 as a non-mammalian cynodont, implying a ghost lineage of over 100 million years since the previously youngest known record of non-mammalian cynodonts, which at that time was in the Jurassic period (some non-mammalian cynodonts are now known to have persisted until the Early Cretaceous). More recently, "Chronoperates" has been interpreted as a late-surviving symmetrodont mammal.
References.
http://darrennaish.blogspot.com/2006/05/time-wandering-cynodonts-and-docodonts.html
http://www.palaeos.com/Vertebrates/Units/410Cynodontia/410.400.html

</doc>
<doc id="19475524" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19475524" title="Defektno Efektni">
Defektno Efektni

Defektno Efektni (Serbian Cyrillic: Дефектно Ефектни; trans. "Defective-Effective") were a Serbian New Wave/punk rock band from Belgrade, notable as the participant of the "Artistička Radna Akcija" project in 1981.
History.
The band was formed by Urbana Gerila 13-year-old guitarist Slobodan Nešović "Loka", with the bassist Branko Petrović "Bane" and drummer Dejan Ignjatović. The band had only four songs written and two of them, "A" and "D" appeared on the "Artistička Radna Akcija" compilation featuring the second generation of New Wave and punk rock bands in Belgrade. The reason why they gave the song titles with alphabet letters was because they did not like the names they came up for the tracks. In an interview, Nešović stated that he was not satisfied with the recordings due to the band's inexperience in the studio. In the meantime, the band had made several appearances at the "Petkom u 22" ("Friday at 22") television show.
After the release of "Artistička Radna Akcija" the band split up and Nešović formed the band Berliner Strasse with his former bandmates from Urbana Gerila. He was also the member of Radost Evrope (which later evolved to Toni Montano and his backing band), and San Vila, which was influenced by Paul Weller's works, but lasted for a short period of time (1986–1987). He was also working in studio and played a guitar on a few concerts with his former bandmate from Berliner Strasse Petar Ilić "Cirilo" in a short lived band Bourbon B. He worked as a B92 host from 1989 until 1992. He was also a TV host on the NTV Studio B for the "Videodrom" show, which was the first independent musical TV show and as a DJ, organizing Acid-House parties in Belgrade. During wartime he emigrated and founded the Red Luna Records and in 1996 he returned to Belgrade and formed Automatik Records. Ignjatović later joined the band Aja Sofia and Branko Petrović stopped performing.
The song "A" appeared on the Serbian bootleg record label Cheerokie Sound various artists compilation "Yugoslavia punk 1977-1991".
Legacy.
The song "D" was covered by the Croatian band Falkofbolan on their 1998 album "Jedini dokaz". They reentitled the song "Sarajevo".

</doc>
<doc id="19475551" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19475551" title="Düzqışlaq">
Düzqışlaq

Düzqışlaq or Dyuz-Kyshlag or Dyuzkhshlak or Dyuzkyshlak may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19475567" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19475567" title="List of bridges in Burma">
List of bridges in Burma

This is a list of bridges in Burma (Myanmar).

</doc>
<doc id="19475579" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19475579" title="Kris Kristofferson discography">
Kris Kristofferson discography

This is a discography for American singer-songwriter Kris Kristofferson.

</doc>
<doc id="19475597" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19475597" title="Stratos Dionysiou">
Stratos Dionysiou

Stratos Dionysiou (November 8, 1935 - May 11, 1990), was a Greek laika and elafro-laika singer who featured predominantly in the 1960s, 1970s, and 1980s.
Early life.
Dionysiou was born in Nigrita, Serres prefecture, to Asia Minor refugees Angelos and Stasa Dionysiou. At age 13, he lost his father. These early childhood experiences would have a deep impact on the style of Stratos' music, and were a great influence to him.
Dionysiou went to work as a tailor and was married, at age 20, to Georgia Laveni. The couple would have four children. While still working as a tailor, he also appeared in night clubs in Thessaloniki where he had moved.
Singing career.
Dionysiou left Thessaloniki for Athens to further his singing career. He appeared in Nikaia night club "Asteras" with well-established singer Kaity Grey and in 1959 recorded his first song. The 24-year old singer was signed by recording company "Columbia" and started singing songs by Babis Bakalis, Kostas Virvos and others with some success. He next re-recorded older songs by laika masters such as Vassilis Tsitsanis, Yiannis Papaioannou, Giorgos Mitsakis and Manolis Chiotis. Success, however would not come until the late 1960s when he turned several Akis Panos songs into hits: "Και τι δεν κάνω" (What don't I do), "Γιατί καλέ γειτόνισσα" (Why, my good neighbour?), "Του κόσμου το περίγελο" (The laughing stock of the World), "Εγώ καλά σου τα 'λεγα" (I told you so), "Στο σταθμό του Μονάχου" (At Munich Station), "Ήταν ψεύτικα" (They were false) and many others.
Composer Mimis Plessas then came into the picture and gave him his mega hit "Βρέχει φωτιά στη στράτα μου" (Fire is raining down my path), a song whose lyrics were written by Lefteris Papadopoulos. Dionysiou toured the United States with great success. He was rising to stardom, when his career was abruptly haulted by his arrest. He was sentenced to two years imprisonment which he served in Tiryntha, Argolis prefecture.
Dionysiou recorded even in prison and continued after his release in 1976. He successfully switched from laika to a more western "elafro-laiko" type of music and enjoyed great popularity even with the younger crowd into the 1980s.
Death.
He died on May 11, 1990 at age 54.

</doc>
<doc id="19475608" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19475608" title="Wedge Island (Tasmania)">
Wedge Island (Tasmania)

 
Wedge Island is an island, with an area of 43 ha, in south-eastern Australia. It is part of the Tasman Island Group, lying close to the south-eastern coast of Tasmania around the Tasman Peninsula. It is formed of Jurassic dolerite.
Fauna.
Recorded breeding seabird species are Little Penguin and Short-tailed Shearwater. The island was previously used for sheep grazing, and was regularly burnt. The sheep were removed in 1986. There were also large numbers of European Rabbits, now exterminated. Cats were introduced in the 1970s to control the rabbits, and a population of feral cats remains on the island.

</doc>
<doc id="19475638" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19475638" title="Gerry Lennon">
Gerry Lennon

James Gerrard Lennon (1907–February 1976), known as Gerry Lennon, was a solicitor and Irish nationalist politician.
Lennon stood unsuccessfully for the National League of the North in South Armagh at the Northern Ireland general election, 1933. In 1944, he was appointed to the Senate of Northern Ireland, serving as a Senator until the body was prorouged in 1972. From 1948 until 1950, he served as a Deputy Speaker.
He was active in the Irish Anti-Partition League, and in 1951 became the Vice President of the Ancient Order of Hibernians (AOH), serving until 1975. From 1962 to 63, he participated in the "Orange and Green" talks with George Clark, Grand Master of the Grand Orange Lodge of Ireland.
In 1965, Lennon became the Nationalist leader in the Senate, and in 1975 he became the President of the AOH. He was also active in the Northern Irish Civil Rights Association, and in July 1969, took part in a sit-down protest in Armagh City Hall.

</doc>
<doc id="19475643" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19475643" title="Periyapet">
Periyapet

Periyapet is a locality of Vaniyambadi in Vellore District, TamilNadu. It is located near to the branch of river Palar. There are 4 mosques and 1 temple located here. Azhagu Perumal Temple is one of the famous temple of Vaniyambadi is located here. Villages like Old Vaniyambadi, Nadupettarai etc. are located next to the branch of river Palar. Periyapet is located nearly 1.5 km from Vaniyambadi Bus stand and Vaniyambadi Railway Station
Click here to see the map of periyapet. [http://wikimapia.org/7197586/Periyapet]
Periyapet community
Educational Institutions at Periyapet.
The following list of schools are present at Periyapet
1. Madarasa -e- faizul aam
2. Madarasatul-banath
3. Municipal Elementary School
Places to see at Periyapet.
Masthan Dargah one of the most old and famous dargah of Vaniyambadi is located here. Each year the birth of the saint Masthan Baba is celebrated here. Peoples are coming from all over Tamilnadu to see this Dargah.
Transportation at Periyapet.
Mini Bus facility is available from here to go to Vaniyambadi and villages like Ramanaickenpettai, Ambalur, Kodayanchi, Dasiriyappanur etc.,

</doc>
<doc id="19475647" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19475647" title="Minuscule 3">
Minuscule 3

Minuscule 3 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), δ 253 (von Soden). It is a Greek minuscule manuscript of the New Testament, on a parchment. Palaeographically it has been assigned to the 12th century. It was one of the manuscripts used by Erasmus.
Formerly it was known as Codex Cosendocensis.
Description.
The codex contains the entirety of the New Testament except the Book of Revelation in the order: Gospels, Acts of the Apostles, General epistles, and Pauline epistles on 451 parchment leaves, with size . The text is written in one column per page, 24 lines per page (), in black ink. It uses iota adscript.
The text is divided according to the ("chapters"), whose numbes are given at the margin, with the ("titles of chapters") at the top of the pages. The text of the Gospels has also another division according to the smaller Ammonian Sections (in Mark 234, 16:19), with references to the Eusebian Canons.
It contains the Epistula ad Carpianum, Eusebian Canon tables, tables of the ("tables of contents") before each book, Prolegomena, pictures (in John with Prochorus), and the Euthalian Apparatus to the Acts and General epistles. 
Subscriptions at the end of each book were added by a later hand.
Text.
The Greek text of the codex is a representative of the Byzantine text-type with exception for the Catholic epistles. Hermann von Soden classified it to the textual family Family Kx. Aland placed it in Category V.
According to the Claremont Profile Method it represents Kx in Luke 1 and Luke 20. In Luke 10 no Profile was made.
The text of the Pericope Adulterae (John 7:53-8:11) is omitted without any mark.
History.
The manuscript is dated by the INTF to the 12th century.
Radulph or Roland de Rivo presented this manuscript to the monastery of Virgin Mary in the village Corsendonck near Turnhout. Later it belonged to the monastery of Dominican Order in Basel.
It was used by Erasmus in his second edition of "Novum Testamentum" in 1519. It had been collated by J. Walker for Bentley. This collation was never published. It was also collated by Wettstein. Wettstein charges it with being altered from the Latin.
The manuscript was also examined by Treschow, Alter and John Wordsworth. The manuscript was not cited in Nestle-Aland editions of Novum Testamentum Graece. 
Alter used it in his edition of the Greek text of the New Testament.
The codex is located now at the Austrian National Library (Cod. Suppl. Gr. 52) at Vienna.

</doc>
<doc id="19475656" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19475656" title="Westinghouse J46">
Westinghouse J46

The Westinghouse J46 was an afterburning turbojet engine that was developed to power several United States Navy aircraft in the 1950s. It was intended to power the improved, swept wing, F3D-3 Skyknight (swept-wing version ultimately canceled). It also powered the F2Y Sea Dart and the F7U Cutlass jets, and Walt Arfon's Wingfoot Express land speed-record car.
Development and Design.
The J46 engine was developed as a larger, more powerful version of Westinghouse's J34 engine, about 50% larger. The development program ran into many problems with this engine, including combustion instability and control issues at altitude.
The engine featured an 11-stage compressor that was driven by two turbine stages on a single spool. The engine also featured an early afterburner, which was a simple "eyelid" design that was actuated by a long control rod that ran the length of the engine.

</doc>
<doc id="19475661" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19475661" title="Ənvər Məmmədxanlı">
Ənvər Məmmədxanlı

Ənvər Məmmədxanlı may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19475686" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19475686" title="Cheetah Math">
Cheetah Math

Cheetah Math: Learning About Division from Baby Cheetahs is a math book published by Henry Holt and Co. in 2007. Cheetah Math was designed to help students understand division. Ann Whitehead Nagda wrote the book with the cooperation of the San Diego Zoo. The book follows the lives of two baby cheetahs, Majani and Kubali and relates their story to the principles of division. Sally Woolsey called the book "well done" and it is a popular item in many elementary school libraries. "Kirkus Reviews" called the book "A great addition to both the math and wild-animal conservation bookshelves". The School Library Journal also gave a favorable review, saying Cheetah Math "is a wonderful cross-curricular book and an appealing way to introduce math".

</doc>
<doc id="19475694" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19475694" title="Christoforos Nezer (d. 1970)">
Christoforos Nezer (d. 1970)

Christoforos Nezer (; 1887 – 19 February 1970) was a Greek actor.
He was descended from the Bavarian Nezer family, who came to Greece with King Otto, and the cousin of actress Marika Nezer. He was a self-taught actor and played a leading role in the establishment of National Theatre of Greece.

</doc>
<doc id="19475707" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19475707" title="There Will Be a Day">
There Will Be a Day

"There Will Be a Day" is the lead single by CCM musician Jeremy Camp from his fifth studio album, "Speaking Louder Than Before". It was released to radio in mid-September 2008 and as a digital download on September 23, 2008.
The song was included on the compilation album "WOW Hits 2010", and a live version is available on the 2009 album "Jeremy Camp Live".
Charts.
After being released in September 2008, "There Will Be a Day" became a number-one hit on "R&R"'s Christian CHR chart in early December. It stayed at the top position for nine consecutive weeks. During January 2009, it stayed at number one for three weeks on the Christian AC chart.

</doc>
<doc id="19475746" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19475746" title="New South Wales AD60 class locomotive">
New South Wales AD60 class locomotive

The AD60 class were Beyer-Garratt patent articulated four-cylinder, simple, non-condensing, coal-fired superheated, 4-8-4+4-8-4 heavy goods steam locomotives built by Beyer, Peacock and Company for the New South Wales Government Railways in Australia.
Design.
The 4-8-4+4-8-4 Beyer-Garratt patent consists of a boiler carried on a separate frame in the centre of the locomotive and supported by the frames of the two engines, one at each end. The locomotive thus consists of three parts: a water tank, a fixed chassis supporting a boiler and a rear engine unit carrying a coal bunker and water tank. Coupled axle loading of 16 tons and able to negotiate 6 chain curves.
The design incorporated the most modern technology to minimise maintenance and repairs, including:
Introduction.
This was the only type of Garratt locomotive to operate on the New South Wales Government Railways. Designed to a light axle load of only 16 tons (16.3 t), they were intended for hauling feeder branch-line services to the main lines where heavier main-line locomotives could continue with the load.
In 1949 twenty-five were initially ordered from Beyer, Peacock and Company, followed by a further twenty-five. Following a change of policy in favour of diesel traction, attempts were made to cancel part of the order. Forty-two complete locomotives were delivered, together with spare parts equating to approximately five further locomotives. The last three locomotives manufactured were sold to South African Railways by Beyer Peacock. Being composed of three distinct sections with live steam connections between, some assembly was required subsequent to delivery.
Locomotive 6002 was the first to enter service in July 1952 with the last delivered in January 1957. The locomotive was the most powerful engine to operate in Australia if not the Southern Hemisphere 
Improvements.
Early trials established that the 14 ton bunker was insufficient to allow the locomotives to operate from Enfield to Goulburn resulting in the bunkers being enlarged to carry 18 tons. Ventilation of the cabs caused considerable concern. Consequently, the class was banned from working through single-line tunnels, this ban also being in response to the difficulty crews would have climbing out in the event of failure within such tunnels. Amongst attempts to improve cab ventilation, 6011 was experimentally fitted in September 1952 with a large tube along the front bunker and boiler to funnel air from the front of the locomotive into the cab. It was unsuccessful and was removed in 1955. Some improvement was obtained by running the locomotives bunker first.
Owing to the length and noise of the locomotive, crews found difficulty in hearing warning detonators. To rectify the situation, tubes were fitted to convey the sound from the leading wheels to the cab.
When it became apparent that the Garratts would see more service on main lines than on the lighter branch lines, it was decided to increase the tractive effort of a number of the class by enlarging the cylinder diameter and by altering the weight distribution by removing liners from the bogies. This increased the axleload on each of the driving wheels by approximately 2 tons with 30 locomotives treated. To distinguish these improvements the double plus sign ++ was painted after the number and nicknamed Super Garratt's. These 30 were also fitted with dual controls for bunker first running and denoted DC. To accommodate them, 105 foot turntables were installed at Broadmeadow, Enfield and Werris Creek depots.
Operation.
The class initially entered service on the Main North and Main South and later Main Western line as far as Dubbo and Parkes. Because of their light axle load they were cleared to operate on the Crookwell, Captains Flat, Temora, Narrandera and Bourke lines.
Typical workings in the mid 1960s would consist of bulk export coal and general goods movements :
Demise and Preservation.
The last withdrawn was 6042 which operated the final New South Wales Government Railways steam service on 2 March 1973.

</doc>
<doc id="19475753" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19475753" title="Pasta ZZ">
Pasta ZZ

Pasta ZZ was a former Yugoslav New Wave band from Belgrade, notable as participants in the "Artistička Radna Akcija" project in 1981.
History.
The band was formed by guitarists Branislav Petrović "Banana" and Srđan Debeljković, bass guitarist Višeslav Orinčić, drummer Dragoslav Radojković and vocalist Đorđe Lukić. The only recordings the band released were two songs, "F.G. & Acreppy", written by Petrović and Lukić, and "Drakula" ("Dracula"), written by Petrović, released on the "Artistička radna akcija" ("Artistic Work Action") compilation of various artists in 1981, featuring the second generation of the Belgrade New Wave and punk rock bands.
After the release of the compilation, the band split up. Dragan Petrović joined the band Slomljena Stakla. Branislav Petrović joined Bezobrazno Zeleno and with them released their debut album "BZ1". After the disbandment of Bezobrazno Zeleno, in 1985, he joined Električni Orgazam and has been a band member ever since. Throughout his career, he appeared as guest on numerous notable releases including the Partibrejkers debut and second album, playing harmonica, "Ledeno doba" ("Ice Age") and "Sloboda ili ništa" ("Freedom or Nothing") doing backing vocals, Srđan Gojković "Gile"'s solo album "Evo sada vidiš da može" ("Now You See It Can") as guest guitarist and Disciplina Kičme's albums "Svi za mnom!" ("Everybody, Follow Me!") and "Kada kažeš muzika, na šta tačno misliš, reci mi?" ("When You Say Music, What Exactly Do You Mean, Tell Me?") doing backing vocals.
Radojković joined Kazimirov Kazneni Korpus, releasing their one and only split studio album, "Kazimirov Kazneni Korpus / Profili Profili". He also performed with Laibach, appearing on their first studio album. In 1986, with Partibrejkers guitarist Nebojša Antonijević "Anton", former Urbana Gerila bassist Srđan Marković "Đile" and Profili Profili and Kazimirov Kazneni Korpus bassist and vocalist Miodrag "Čeza" Stojanović, he formed the band Plaćenici. The band appeared with four songs on the "Beogradski grafiti" ("Belgrade Graffiti") compilation of various artists, and disbanded. In 2006, he appeared as guest drummer on Marković's band Supernaut's fourth studio album "Eli".
In 2004, a live version of the band's song "Moje mladosti" ("My Youths") appeared on the Croatian compilation of various artists "Tutti Pazzi Vol. 11".
Legacy.
In the "SpongeBob SquarePants" episode "Missing Identity" Patrick finds a record of the band Sting Ray 5000 in a dumpster. In a Serbian language version of the episode, the name of the band is translated as Pasta ZZ.

</doc>
<doc id="19475756" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19475756" title="Speaking Louder Than Before">
Speaking Louder Than Before

Speaking Louder Than Before is the sixth studio album from contemporary Christian musician Jeremy Camp. It was released on November 25, 2008, and entered the "Billboard" 200 at #38. The album's first single, "There Will Be a Day", was released to Christian radio two months before, and became a number one hit by the end of November.
Background.
In May 2008, Camp went in to the studio to begin recording the album. "Speaking Louder Than Before" was recorded over five days, with Camp spending 12 hours in the studio each day. He co-produced the album with Brown Bannister.
Camp has said that "Speaking Louder Than Before" has a different theme to his previous releases and that he has "a more clear-cut purpose and vision of what I'm meant to do ... I see the hurt, the lack of direction, in this new generation. I always had a passion for youth, but this album is really aimed at them." Referring to the album's title and theme, he said, "I have walked through the valleys, the mountains, and plains. That's why I'm speaking up, that's why I'm speaking now and loud."
Promotion and release.
The first single "There Will Be a Day" was released around early September. It was the most-added song at "R&R"'s AC and CHR charts, and it was also the highest-debuting track in its first week of entering the chart. The song was digitally released on September 23.
The album itself was subsequently released in the United States on November 25, 2008. It debuted at #38 on the "Billboard" 200, with 32,700 copies sold in the first week. "Speaking Louder Than Before" also reached number one at "Billboard"'s Top Christian Albums, and in its first week became Camp's highest-charting album to date. "There Will Be a Day" reached number one at Christian CHR radio on November 28, and stayed at the top of the chart for two weeks.
A special edition of the album was released on December 5, which included a DVD with an hour of in-studio video footage, a booklet containing journal entries from Camp, a sticker, three art cards and a silicone bracelet.
Awards.
In 2010, the album was nominated for a Dove Award for Pop/Contemporary Album of the Year at the 41st GMA Dove Awards.

</doc>
<doc id="19475771" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19475771" title="Free boundary condition">
Free boundary condition

In image processing, the free boundary condition is the convention used when applying a convolution kernel to a digital image in which pixel locations that lie outside the image boundaries are interpreted as having a value of zero.[https://engineering.purdue.edu/~bouman/grad-labs/lab1/pdf/lab.pdf] The question of what value to assign out-of-bounds pixels may arise, for instance, when applying a 3×3 kernel to the corner pixel in an image.

</doc>
<doc id="19475772" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19475772" title="Merchant plug-in">
Merchant plug-in

A Merchant plug-in (MPI) is a software module designed to facilitate 3D-Secure verifications to help prevent credit card fraud. The MPI identifies the account number and queries card issuer (Visa, MasterCard, or JCB International) servers to determine if it is enrolled in a 3D-Secure program and returns the web site address of the issuer "access control server" (ACS) if it is found. Merchants are responsible for installing an SSL/TLS MPI at their servers.
Each card issuer is required to maintain an ACS used to support cardholder authentication. A customer authenticates to this ACS by providing their username and password and the ACS signs the result (success or failure). This signature is then passed through the customer's browser and to the MPI. The plug-in verifies the ACS signature and decides if it wishes to proceed with the transaction.
Commercial MPI software is available from a number of vendors.

</doc>
<doc id="19475795" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19475795" title="List of Cash Box Top 100 number-one singles of 1973">
List of Cash Box Top 100 number-one singles of 1973

These are the Top 100 singles of 1973 from Cash Box magazine

</doc>
<doc id="19475836" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19475836" title="Christoforos Nezer (d. 1996)">
Christoforos Nezer (d. 1996)

Christoforos Nezer (; 1903 – 1996) was a Greek actor and brother of Marika Nezer.
He was descended from the Bavarian Nezer family, which came to Greece with King Otto. He took part in several movies under the director Theodoros Angelopoulos.

</doc>
<doc id="19475845" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19475845" title="Fostoria Metropolitan Airport">
Fostoria Metropolitan Airport

Fostoria Metropolitan Airport is a city-owned public airport two miles northeast of Fostoria, Ohio. The FAA's National Plan of Integrated Airport Systems for 2009-2013 classified it as a "general aviation" airport.
Most U.S. airports use the same three-letter location identifier for the FAA and IATA, but this airport is FZI to the FAA and has no IATA code.
Facilities.
The airport covers at an elevation of 752 feet (229 m) above sea level. Its one runway, 9/27, is 5,000 by 100 feet (1,524 x 30 m) asphalt.
In the year ending May 19, 2008 the airport had 7,900 aircraft operations, average 21 per day: 95% general aviation and 5% air taxi. 14 aircraft were then based at this airport: 93% single-engine and 7% jet.
Awards.
Recently the Fixed Based Operator (FBO) David Sniffen III was recognized by the Ohio Aviation Association as the 2010 Airport Manager of the year for the state of Ohio.

</doc>
<doc id="19475865" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19475865" title="American Merchant Marine Library Association">
American Merchant Marine Library Association

The American Merchant Marine Library Association is an organization dedicated to placing a library on every United States Merchant Marine ship.

</doc>
<doc id="19475886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19475886" title="Lamont Toronto">
Lamont Toronto

Lamont Felt Toronto (1914–1970) was a Utah politician. He was Secretary of State of Utah from 1953 to 1963.
Toronto was a member of the Republican Party. He served in the Utah Legislature in 1947.
Toronto was a member of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church), a grandson of Joseph Toronto and the brother of Wallace F. Toronto. In 1914, Toronto married Helen Davidson (died 2009). From 1965 to 1968, Toronto served as president of the LDS Church's Canadian Mission, based in Toronto, Ontario.

</doc>
<doc id="19475905" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19475905" title="Love Is Gonna Get You (album)">
Love Is Gonna Get You (album)

Love Is Gonna Get You is the 2007 release from Ben E. King. This album is identical to the album "Soul Masters", but has a different track order.

</doc>
<doc id="19475909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19475909" title="KRKA (FM)">
KRKA (FM)

KRKA (103.9 FM) is a radio station licensed to Severance, Colorado, USA. The station serves the Ft. Collins - Greeley area. The station is owned by the Educational Media Foundation.

</doc>
<doc id="19475914" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19475914" title="Alan H. Fishman">
Alan H. Fishman

Alan H. Fishman (born 16 March 1946 ) was the last CEO of Washington Mutual (WaMu) for 17 days before its banking assets were seized by federal regulators on September 25, 2008 in the largest bank failure in American history. WaMu's banking operations were sold to JPMorgan Chase for $1.836 billion, while the remainder of WaMu declared bankruptcy the next day. 
Fishman joined WaMu on 8 September 2008, replacing outgoing CEO Kerry Killinger as part of that bank's restructuring in the face of the subprime mortgage crisis of 2008. 
According to C-Span on 26 September 2008, Alan H. Fishman was ultimately paid $19 million for three weeks of being with Washington Mutual, including severance pay. Meanwhile, the company's stock price dwindled to only pennies after trading as high as $45 a share in 2007. The previous CEO was paid $14 million for one year on the job.
Fishman holds a bachelor's degree from Brown University and a master's degree in economics from Columbia University. He was previously president and chief operating officer of Sovereign Bank and president and chief executive officer of Independence Community Bank. He has served as chairman of Meridian Capital Group (beginning in 2007), one of the nation's largest commercial mortgage brokerage firms. He has been a private equity investor, focusing on financial services at Neuberger & Berman, Adler & Shaykin and at his own firm Columbia Financial Partners. In addition, he held senior executive positions at Chemical Bank and ContiFinancial Corporation. 
Mr. Fishman has been chairman of the Brooklyn Academy of Music. 

</doc>
<doc id="19475922" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19475922" title="Kung Fu High School">
Kung Fu High School

Kung Fu High School is a brutally descriptive action, romance, fiction novel written Ryan Gattis. The book explores the mind of a young girl named Jen, who along with her brother Cue, and legendary martial artist cousin, Jimmy Chang, attend Kung Fu High School, where a powerful drug kingpin named Ridley pits all students against each other in order to maintain control over his corrupt business he runs using the students he controls. Jimmy Chang, just having come from the most prestigious martial arts academy in Hong Kong with a record of 2,412 wins and zero losses and no hits scored on him on all of his tournaments, is pulled into the mess that is Kung Fu High School, and Jen's life.. However, Jimmy has promised his mother never to engage in a fight, after leaving four thugs on the ground during an attempted assault. The only thing wrong with that promise, is the fact that Kung Fu High School's acceptance rule is to get "kicked in", a violent ritual where all students, being a martial artist in one way or another, gang up to beat on you, and nobody, not even the legendary Jimmy Chang can get past this rule.
Plot.
Jen, a teenage girl, and her brother Kyuzo, or Cue as she calls him, attend Martin Luther King High School. However due to the notorious Ridley's drug trafficking through the school, it has become a run down war zone for both his workers, and those who despise him. The only thing things these students at Kung Fu have in common are their ability to fight, or rather survive, and the fact that they've all been "kicked in". A welcoming practice at Kung Fu where you are beaten by everyone in order to teach you you're in the school.
The story starts off with Jen living an already irregular life, having to literally put on armor before going to school. One day Jen's long lost cousin arrives at her front door, sent by her late mother's sister.

</doc>
<doc id="19475931" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19475931" title="KAMV-LP">
KAMV-LP

KAMV-LP (101.9 FM) is a silent, low-power radio station licensed to serve Brighton, Colorado, USA. The station is owned by Alianza Ministerial Vision Milenial. 
It formerly broadcast a religious radio format for the Ft. Collins-Greeley area. The station has been silent since November 6, 2007.
History.
This station received its original construction permit from the Federal Communications Commission on December 12, 2003. The new station was assigned the call letters KAMV-LP by the FCC on January 7, 2004. KAMV-LP received its license to cover from the FCC on December 8, 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="19475953" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19475953" title="KELS-LP">
KELS-LP

KELS-LP (104.7 FM), also known as "The Pirate", is a low-power radio station licensed to Greeley, Colorado, USA. The station serves the Ft. Collins-Greeley area and is currently owned by Plymouth Gathering, Inc.
In early 2011, the station aired a commentary regarding Martin Luther King, Jr. that caused national controversy. The commentary was based on information provided by a listener regarding moral concerns with the civil rights leader. Though the commentary was reported to be generally factual and has been aired in previous years, the controversy developed because the station owner, Brett Reese, is currently a member of the local school board. Reese has repeatedly denied any racial intent and has voiced his support of the civil rights movement. Reese says that his intent is that the truth should be known regarding those that are held up as role models.

</doc>
<doc id="19475987" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19475987" title="2008 Stanford Cardinal football team">
2008 Stanford Cardinal football team

The 2008 Stanford Cardinal football team represented Stanford University in the college football season of 2008–2009. The team's head coach was Jim Harbaugh, who entered his second year at Stanford. The team played their home games at Stanford Stadium in Stanford, California and competed in the Pacific-10 Conference. The Cardinal improved on their a 4-8 record from the 2007 season by going 5-7. After winning back the Stanford Axe from rival California in 2007 for the first time in five years, Stanford lost the Axe to Cal in the 2008 Big Game.
Game Summaries.
UCLA.
The week before, the Cardinal beat Arizona 24-23 in an exciting conference game, while the Bruins lost a close game to the Ducks. UCLA had a record of 44-31-3 on the Cardinal before game time.
With ten seconds left in this UCLA's homecoming game and the Bruins behind by four points, Bruin quarterback Kevin Craft passed to freshman Cory Harkey for a 7-yard touchdown to win the game, 23-20, over the Stanford Cardinal in the northeast corner of the Rose Bowl Saturday afternoon. Two turnovers by the Bruins led to the 14 Stanford points in the first half.
In the game, Craft had 285 passing yards and Taylor Embree caught 72 yards, while Stanford's Toby Gerhart rushed for 138 yards.
California.
The Cardinal traveled up to Berkeley in an attempt to hold onto the Axe and earn a bowl berth with a sixth win. The Bears led 10-3 at the half and ran up 20 unanswered points in the third quarter. Stanford was able to score two quick back to back touchdowns in the fourth quarter but could not close a 21-point deficit. Tavita Pritchard threw for 306 yards and a score while Toby Gerhart rushed for 103 yards and a score. Although the loss relinquished the Axe to Cal and prevented Stanford from becoming bowl eligible, Harbaugh set the standards even higher for 2009 by declaring that "Bowl Championship Series eligible is what we’re aiming for."

</doc>
<doc id="19476015" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19476015" title="List of psych folk artists">
List of psych folk artists

Following is a list of psych folk artists. Psychedelic folk or psych folk is a loosely defined form of psychedelic music that originated in the 1960s through the fusion of folk music and psychedelic rock. It retained the largely acoustic instrumentation of folk, but added musical influences common to psychedelic rock and the psychedelic experience. The term only evolved in the 2000s (decade).

</doc>
<doc id="19476016" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19476016" title="Meridian Capital Group">
Meridian Capital Group

Founded in 1991, by Ralph Herzka Meridian Capital Group is a commercial mortgage brokerage firm, headquartered in Manhattan with key offices in major markets such as New Jersey, Pennsylvania, Maryland, Florida, Illinois, California and Texas.

</doc>
<doc id="19476023" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19476023" title="William Carr (biographer)">
William Carr (biographer)

William Carr (14 June 1862 – 28 January 1925) was a biographer for the Dictionary of National Biography, historian, magistrate and Deputy Lieutenant for Norfolk, England.
William Carr was born in Gomersal House, Yorkshire, to William Carr, magistrate and local squire. He was educated, first at Marlborough College, and then in 1882 to University College, Oxford. His strength was in history where he won the three historical essay prizes: Stanhope (1884); Lothian (1888); and Arnold (1890).
In 1886 he married Margaret, eldest daughter of the Rev. Dr James Franck Bright, Master of University College, and read for the Bar, and having read with Lord Robson he joined the North-Eastern Circuit. He was a strong Conservative, and contested the Morley Division of Yorkshire in 1892 and 1895. To the "Dictionary of National Biography" he was a large contributor, and later in life became a connoisseur especially of silver, furniture, pictures and Greek coins. During the war he was indefatigable in supporting the Volunteer force in the rank of Major. He was a Magistrate of many years standing, for Norfolk, Suffolk, and the West Riding, chairman of the Norfolk Quarter Sessions, vice-chairman of the Norfolk County Council, and a Deputy Lieutenant for Norfolk. His real interest was primarily in the land, managing his own estates, he was a practical farmer of great experience and exact knowledge, both of Yorkshire and of Norfolk.
Owing to ill-health Carr had been advised to give up his heavy county work, but the end came unexpectedly when Carr died at Ditchingham Hall, Norfolk on 28 January 1925. He was survived by his wife and five children, his only son being William G. Carr, of the 12th Lancers and four daughters. Three daughters were married, respectively, Margaret to then Air Vice-Marshal, later Air Chief Marshal, Sir Geoffrey Salmond, another daughter to Colonel Newman and Alice to Major Lawrence Athill.

</doc>
<doc id="19476030" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19476030" title="Golden Cavalry of St George">
Golden Cavalry of St George

The Golden Cavalry of St George was the colloquial name of subsidies paid out by the British government to other European states in the eighteenth and nineteenth centuries, through particularly during the Napoleonic Wars. The name comes from the image of Saint George, the patron saint of England, on the British golden guinea coin.
During the War of the Austrian Succession Britain kept Austria afloat by large subsidies owing to the Anglo-Austrian Alliance. Eight years later in the Seven Years War they did the same for Prussia, who were now their allies against the Austrians. The Anglo-Prussian Convention signed in April 1757 guaranteed Prussia a payment of £670,000 a year.
Napoleonic Wars.
During the Napoleonic Wars a number of European states were allied with the British against France. Britain, which had a large navy but a small army, was unable to deploy major forces on the European continent. As Britain was a wealthy commercial power, they were able to pay out millions of pounds to Allied nations, who could field much larger armies against the French. An example is the £1,500,000 paid to Austria to commit troops to the campaign against the French in the Netherlands in 1793, an expedition to which the British could contribute only men. Adjusted for inflation, this is equivalent to £273,000,000 in 2011.
Large sums were made available for the purpose, sometimes as formal subsidies and sometimes as bribes for European statesman. This was partly funded by the introduction of the Income Tax by Prime Minister William Pitt. Though the policy was extremely costly, it ultimately proved successful as a coalition of European nations eventually defeated France in 1814.

</doc>
<doc id="19476043" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19476043" title="Sixty Lights">
Sixty Lights

Sixty Lights is a 2004 novel by Australian author Gail Jones. 
Themes.
The novel explores the themes of the family relationships, marriage, death and loss.
Dedication.
"For my brothers, Peter and Kevin Jones."

</doc>
<doc id="19476070" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19476070" title="Alojzije Mišić">
Alojzije Mišić

Alojzije Mišić (born 10 November 1859, Bosanska Gradiška - died 26 March 1942, Mostar) was the Bishop of Mostar-Duvno and Apostolic Administrator of Trebinje-Mrkan from 1912 to 1942.
He attended elementary school in his hometown of Bosanska Gradiška from 1866 to 1870 and attended gymnasium in Ivanjska from 1870 to 1874. He joined the Franciscan novitiate in Fojnica in 1874. In Guča Gora he studied philosophy from 1875 to 1878. In Ostrogon, Hungary he studied theology from 1878 to 1882. 
He was ordained on 7 July 1882. Pope Pius X named him as Bishop of Mostar-Duvno on 12 February 1912. 

</doc>
<doc id="19476087" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19476087" title="Cinco Minutos (song)">
Cinco Minutos (song)

Cinco Minutos () is a pop song written by singer-songwriters Erika Ender and Amerika Jiménez, and interpreted by the Mexican singer Gloria Trevi. It was produced by Armando Ávila, and is the second single from the artist's seventh studio album "Una Rosa Blu" (2007).
"Cinco Minutos" was released in March 2008 in Mexico and the United States. It stayed in the popularity lists and top spots of Billboard Magazine and Monitor Latino for 45 consecutive weeks. For this song, co-writer Erika Ender received in 2009 and 2010 the SESAC award in the category "Song of the Year". and a new nomination in the female category of 2010, "Artista Regional Mexicano Airplay del Año", for the duranguense remix with Los Horóscopos de Durango.
Background.
After the moderate success of her previous single, "Psicofonía", in the charts, "Inmaculada" was announced as the second single of the album, in support of a campaign against the Female homicides in Ciudad Juárez. Despite what was said through the talk show "La Oreja" in November 2007, this decision was modified a few months later and announced on her website, naming "Cinco Minutos" and "El Favor de la Soledad" as the following singles: the first in Mexico and the latter in the United States.
"Cinco Minutos" received its official debut into mainstream Mexican radio in March 2008, accompanied by the music video, filmed in Tenerife, Spain, and as part of the setlist for her "Una Rosa Blu" concert tour. A small controversy did arise over a possible plagiarism of the name of Madonna's single, "4 Minutes".
To garner a greater airplay in Mexican folk music radio stations, the melody was remixed into Duranguense with the group Los Horóscopos de Durango. Trevi traveled to Miami to meet with the vocalists of the group, Marisol and Vicky Terrazas, with whom the remix was recorded during the night of April 17, 2008. The remix was a commercial success both in radio play, and digital versions.
Promotion and Critical Reception.
Mexico.
"Cinco Minutos" started to grow slowly in Mexican radio stations durin January 2008. Its diffusion peaked in April and May of the same year, during which time it reached peak positions in the national charts.
Only days after its release, the radio stations "Oye!" 89.7 FM, "Génesis" 98.1 FM, and "Tú" 103.7 FM, placed the song in the number one position, and thanks to national audience programs "Noche de Estrellas" and "Hoy" (both belonging to Televisa), the public demand increased, placing the song in the top 20. Trevi´s participation in the massive event Los 40 Principales México, where she performed the single before over 100,000 expectators in the Estadio Azteca, placed "Cinco Minutos" in the third spot of the popular radio countdown.
The entertainment magazine "Monitor Latino" registered its best position in second place both in the general "Top 20" list as well as the "Top 20 Pop". Also, the monitoring system Nielsen SoundScan placed Trevi at number 4 in the list "Pop en Español". The song also reached peak positions in various Latin American cities, while the music video was one of the most requested in music channels internationally.
United States.
The single was released simultaneously in 60 percent of all Latin radio stations of the United States, surpassing the debuts of Luis Miguel and Thalía, after a week of being released in American Radio.
Radio & Records, a predecessor of Billboard Magazine, placed the song in number one of the most played Latin songs in the country. Not only did the song profile itself as the biggest debut, it also turned into the song with the highest audience increase, rotation, and digital downloads. The almost instant entrance represented her best debut and most popular song since "Todos Me Miran", which in July 2006 peaked at number 21 in the " Top 40 Spanish AC/Pop Chart".
The song debuted on Billboard's Latin Pop Airplay in July 2008 in the 40th spot on its first week. IT was the first time it appeared in the charts under Universal Latino. It advanced 7 positions on its fourth week, reaching #15. After a month in the charts, it peaked at #4.
At the same time, during the second-to-last week of 2008, it reached the top 5 of Billboard's Hot Latin Tracks, as well as the Top 10 of the Latin Hits in Mexico. The duranguense remix managed to stay within the Top 20 of Billboard's Latin Regional Mexican Airplay Chart.
Music Video.
After her participation in the Drag Queen's Gala of the Carnival of Las Palmas on February 1, 2008, Gloria Trevi and her team took advantage of their stay in Tenerife, Spain, to film the second music video for "Una Rosa Blu".
The filming was done in the south side of the island during a long work day; different locations were used, such as the island's seaport and the skirts of Mount Teide, hidden at over 2,000 ft above sea level. Wearing a space suit, the singer finalized the last scenes in below freezing-point temperatures, volcanic lava, and the desert top of the volcano.
Ritmoson Latino released the music video on March 31, 2008 in a half-hour special episode, alongside an interview and a behind-the-scenes.

</doc>
<doc id="19476092" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19476092" title="Bradanicline">
Bradanicline

Bradanicline (TC-5619) is an experimental pharmaceutical drug being developed by Targacept that acts as a partial agonist at the α7 subtype of the neural nicotinic acetylcholine receptors. It showed cognitive enhancing effects in animal studies, and is currently being developed through a collaboration between Targacept and AstraZeneca as a potential treatment for schizophrenia and attention deficit disorder. Phase I clinical trials have been completed successfully, and it is currently in Phase II trials.
In May 2011, AstraZeneca declined to exercise its right to license the compound. In September 2012, Targacept ended its development of badanicline for the purpose of treating ADHD in adults. It is currently being studied for cognitive and memory enhancement.

</doc>
<doc id="19476142" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19476142" title="Donald Shanks (bass-baritone)">
Donald Shanks (bass-baritone)

Donald Robert Shanks AO OBE (5 July 19408 April 2011) was an Australian bass-baritone singer who sang over 65 principal roles with Opera Australia and other companies in Australia and overseas. Moffatt Oxenbould said that he had "an immensely important place in the history of opera in this country".
Career.
Donald Shanks was born in Brisbane, Queensland, and started singing in Methodist church choirs. He went to the prestigious Brisbane State High School. His first experience of a staged work was Gilbert and Sullivan’s "The Mikado", the opera with which he also chose to end his career in 2004.
He joined the Elizabethan Theatre Trust Opera Company (as Opera Australia was then known) in 1964, aged 23. Over the years, he built a reputation as one of the most versatile figures in Australian opera, performing in all the major comic roles, from the title role in "Don Pasquale" and Bartolo in "The Marriage of Figaro", to "The Italian Girl in Algiers" to bel canto roles such as "Lucia di Lammermoor" and "Norma", to the key dramatic roles, particularly in Wagner heavyweights such as "Tannhäuser", "Lohengrin" and "Tristan und Isolde". He sang in "Lucia di Lammermoor", "Il trovatore" and "Norma" with Dame Joan Sutherland, "La bohème" with Luciano Pavarotti, and Banquo in "Macbeth" with Sherrill Milnes.
Other roles he became associated with were Zaccharia in "Nabucco", Rocco in "Fidelio", Osmin in "The Abduction from the Seraglio", Pimen in "Boris Godunov", Timur in "Turandot", Ramphis in "Aida", Pistol in "Falstaff", Kekal in "The Bartered Bride", Baron Ochs in "Der Rosenkavalier", Nourabad in "The Pearl Fishers", the Commendatore in "Don Giovanni", and a major role in Leoš Janáček's "The Cunning Little Vixen".
He also performed regularly with the Lyric Opera of Queensland and the Victoria State Opera, as well as opera companies overseas including the Royal Opera, Covent Garden, the Paris Opera 1976–77 and the Canadian Opera 1983–86.
Honours.
Donald Shanks was made an Officer (OBE) of the Order of the British Empire in the 1977 New Years Day Honours, and an Officer (AO) of the Order of Australia in the 1987 Australia Day Honours.
He died on 8 April 2011 at his home in Frenchs Forest, aged 70, of a heart attack; his memorial service was held in St. Andrew's Anglican church, Roseville. He is survived by his wife Pamela née Moffatt, whom he married in 1964; two sons Murray and Jonathan, both Baptist ministers; and eight grandchildren.

</doc>
<doc id="19476171" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19476171" title="Nacer Chadli">
Nacer Chadli

Nacer Chadli (born 2 August 1989) is a Belgian footballer of Moroccan descent who plays for Tottenham Hotspur and the Belgium national football team as a winger. He can also play as a second striker.
Club career.
Apeldoorn.
Chadli played his youth football at JS Thier-à-Liège, Standard Liège and MVV Maastricht.
In the summer of 2007, he was contracted by Dutch second division club AGOVV Apeldoorn, who scouted him at MVV's youth academy. Here he was considered an emerging talent. When Chadli was tested for the first time by AGOVV, he went under the alias ""Kaliffe"", because technical manager Ted van Leeuwen was afraid other clubs would show their interest. Chadli scored his first goal in professional football for AGOVV, in a match against FC Volendam.
FC Twente.
In the summer of 2010, Chadli signed with FC Twente, and in the ensuing season became a first team player for the then reigning Eredivisie champions.
His first Eredivisie goal was the winning one away at title rivals PSV.
He made his European and Champions League debut in a 2-2 home draw against Internazionale on 14 September.
On 29 September he scored his first Champions League goal away at Tottenham Hotspur, and on 2 November got his second at Werder Bremen. He scored against Tottenham Hotspur with a free kick on 7 December in the Champions league.
Tottenham Hotspur.
On 21 July 2013, Tottenham Hotspur agreed a deal with Twente to sign Chadli for a fee of £7 million. The club confirmed that subject to agreement of personal terms and a medical Chadli would join up with the squad for pre-season training in Hong Kong. On 23 July, the club confirmed that Chadli had joined the squad which was participating in training sessions prior to the club taking part in the 2013 Premier League Asia Trophy. Chadli finally agreed terms on 26 July and became an official Tottenham player. He made his Spurs debut in a 5–2 friendly defeat to Monaco on 3 August. He made his Premier League debut at 18 August 2013 against Crystal Palace in a 1–0 win. He scored his first Premier League goal on 12 February 2014, in a 4-0 win away to Newcastle United.
International career.
A dual citizen of Belgium and Morocco, Chadli was thus able to represent either nation. On 28 January 2011, he announced his intention to represent Belgium at international level, and made his debut for the national squad for a 9 February friendly match against Finland.
This call-up comes despite having already played for the Moroccan side, as this game was a non-competitive game.
Chadli has played as a striker for the Belgian national team. He scored his first international goal in the UEFA Euro 2012 qualifier against Azerbaijan in the King Baudouin Stadium in Brussels.
Playing Style.
Nacer Chadli is a versatile midfielder, who can play as an attacking midfielder in a number 10 role or as a winger on either flanks. He is comfortable on both feet and has a decent shot at his disposal. 

</doc>
