<doc id="18722996" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18722996" title="Israeli Basketball State Cup 2007–08">
Israeli Basketball State Cup 2007–08

The Israeli Basketball State Cup 2007-08 was organized by the IBA. 24 teams that took part in the competition. The semifinals and finals were played at Yad Eliyahu Arena in Tel Aviv, Israel. Hapoel Jerusalem won their 4th cup title, beating Maccabi Tel Aviv 93-89 in the final.
First Preliminary Round (07/10/07-10/10/07).
Hapoel Holon - Ironi Kiryat Ata 2:0 (106:84;89:79)
Maccabi Elizur Netanya - Beitar Biniamina 2:0 (92:70;77:62)
Second Preliminary Round (21/10/07-24/10/07).
Hapoel Galil Elyon - Elizur Yavne 2:0 (105:94;89:70)
Hapoel Gilboa/Afula - Maccabi Shoham 2:0 (95:71;102:75)
Ironi Naharia - Maccabi Ashdod 2:0 (104:72;82:58)
Hapoel Holon - Elitzur Maccabi Netanya 2:0 (94:82;97:62)
Ironi Ramat Gan - Maccabi Givat Shmuel 2:0 (89:82;93:86)

</doc>
<doc id="18723005" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18723005" title="Left Fraction">
Left Fraction

The Left Fraction, sometimes calling itself the Left Fraction, British Section of the Fourth International (In Opposition), was a Trotskyist organisation in the United Kingdom.
The group formed as a tendency of the Revolutionary Socialist League (RSL) in 1940. It was described by other tendencies in the disintegrating organisation as pacifist. The group opposed Trotsky's Proletarian Military Policy, and were expelled in 1943. One the first day of conference held by the Fourth International in 1944, the Left Fraction and also the Trotskyist Opposition and the Left Fraction were reunited with the RSL. Despite the objections of the Left Fraction, the second day saw the reformed RSL unified with the rival Workers International League – on the WIL's terms – to form the new Revolutionary Communist Party (RCP).
The Left Fraction initially remained within the RCP, but refused to accept the authority of its leadership. They published their own newspaper, the "Militant Miner", aimed at coalminers, and determined instead to pursue a policy of entrism within the Labour Party. As a result, they were expelled in 1945.
Outside the RCP, the Left Fraction began publishing a general entrist newspaper, the "Voice of Labour". The Labour Party opposed this, and expelled two Fraction members, Tom Mercer and Harry Selby, for contributing to it. This led to a split within the organisation over tactics, with the group's leadership deciding to join the newly formed Socialist Fellowship. They dissolved the organisation in 1948.
A majority of the organisation opposed the group's dissolution, but only a small rump based in Glasgow actually continued under the Left Fraction name. Some members left to join a new Revolutionary Socialist League in 1956. After a failed attempt to work with the International Group, the remainder determined to continue alone, publishing the journal "Politics".
In 1966, the Left Fraction - by now possibly consisting solely of Selby - discussed a joint publication with the tiny Socialist Current organisation, but this was not pursued.
The Left Fraction finally ceased operations in 1967. Selby later became a Labour Member of Parliament.

</doc>
<doc id="18723010" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18723010" title="Jim Eyles">
Jim Eyles

James Roy (Jim) Eyles OBE (1926–2004) was a New Zealand archaeologist.
Born in 1926, Jim spent his early years living with his family at the Wairau Bar near Blenheim where, in 1939 as a schoolboy, he discovered early human skeletons and associated artefacts including necklaces, stone tools and moa egg. Jim discovered several more burials on the bar, and assisted with the exacavtions carried out by Roger Duff from the Canterbury Museum. The site is regarded as one of the oldest and most important archaeological sites in New Zealand.
Eyles continued his association with Duff during the excavations of Pyramid Valley Swamp in the 1940s. Duff recognised his contribution by naming an extinct hawk found in the swamp the Eyles' Harrier.
A descendant of pioneer whaler Jimmy Jackson, Eyles worked at Canterbury, Hokitika and Nelson Museums, as well as in whaling and farming.

</doc>
<doc id="18723015" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18723015" title="Northern Kentucky TC Stars">
Northern Kentucky TC Stars

Northern Kentucky TC Stars were a W-League club based in Wilder, Kentucky, USA. The team folded after the 2003 season.

</doc>
<doc id="18723024" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18723024" title="Tonoki Station">
Tonoki Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR West

</doc>
<doc id="18723030" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18723030" title="Hutter">
Hutter

Hutter or Hütter is a surname of German origin that refers to:

</doc>
<doc id="18723054" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18723054" title="Kita-Shinoda Station">
Kita-Shinoda Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR West

</doc>
<doc id="18723055" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18723055" title="Harry Olaussen">
Harry Olaussen

Harry Magnus Olaussen (born 8 October 1929 at Shanghai, China) was a New Democratic Party member of the Canadian House of Commons. He was a merchant seaman, stationary engineer and steam engineer by career.
He was first elected at the Coast Chilcotin riding in the 1972 general election. After serving one term, the 29th Canadian Parliament, he was defeated at Coast Chilcotin by Jack Pearsall of the Liberal party in the 1974 election. He also campaigned in the 1979 and 1980 federal elections at Cariboo—Chilcotin, but was defeated by Lorne Greenaway of the Progressive Conservative party.

</doc>
<doc id="18723060" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18723060" title="KNIP">
KNIP

KNIP may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18723072" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18723072" title="Shinodayama Station">
Shinodayama Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR West

</doc>
<doc id="18723086" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18723086" title="Revaz">
Revaz

Revaz may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18723094" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18723094" title="49th New Zealand Parliament">
49th New Zealand Parliament

The 49th New Zealand Parliament was elected at the 2008 election. It comprised 122 members, including an overhang of two seats (an increase of one from the 48th Parliament) caused by the Māori Party having won two more electorate seats than its share of the party vote would otherwise have given it. The Parliament served from 2008 until the November .
New Zealand uses the Mixed Member Proportional (MMP) system to elect its parliaments. Seventy of the members of the 49th Parliament represented geographical electorates: sixteen in the South Island, 47 in the North Island (one more than for the 48th Parliament) and seven Māori electorates. The remaining 52 (increased from fifty by the overhang) were elected from nationwide party vote candidate lists to realise proportionality.
There were 10 resignations leading to Electoral Commission replacement selections for new list Candidates from four parliamentary parties. Lockwood Smith was the Speaker in the 49th Parliament.
Electorate boundaries for 49th Parliament.
The Representation Commission altered many of the boundaries of New Zealand's parliamentary electorates following the 2006 Census; the large growth in population between censuses lead to significant boundary changes, particularly in Auckland, the area around Christchurch and the central North Island. In May 2007, the Representation Commission announced the boundary changes to take effect for the next general election, with the boundaries finalised in September 2007.
The Commission announced the formation of a new electorate in Greater Auckland, bringing the number of geographical constituencies to 70. The new electorate, originally dubbed "Howick" (after the Auckland suburb), would have included parts of the existing Pakuranga, Manukau East and Clevedon electorates. After Pakuranga electors strongly objected to the proposed changes (which would have seen the inclusion of the population centres Panmure, Point England and Glen Innes into the electorate) the Commission largely reverted proposed changes to the boundaries of the Pakuranga electorate. The Commission opted to alleviate population pressures by moving the Auckland City suburb of Otahuhu into Manukau East. The revised new electorate received the name Botany to reflect its focus on the growing population-centres of Botany Downs–Dannemora. On paper, Botany counts as a safe National seat.
Even though the number of South Island electorates remains fixed, the decline in the population of electorates south of Christchurch resulted in the boundaries of electorates from Invercargill north to Rakaia shifting northwards. The electorates of Aoraki, Otago, Rakaia and Banks Peninsula all gravitated towards Christchurch. In the process:
Other electorates in the lower South Island increased substantially in size.
2008 election results.
The figures below are based on official results A decrease of 7 MPs is shown for "Other Parties" because the New Zealand First Party of Winston Peters did not win an electorate seat or 5% of the party vote, and hence was not allocated any seats in the new Parliament.
By-elections during 49th Parliament.
There were a number of changes during the term of the 49th Parliament.

</doc>
<doc id="18723100" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18723100" title="Leticia Dolera">
Leticia Dolera

Leticia Dolera is a Spanish actress. She was born in 1981 in Barcelona, Spain. She is best known for her roles as Clara in the Spanish horror film "" and Teresa in the 2003 film "Imagining Argentina".
Career.
Her career began with the series "Al salir de clase" ("When class is over"), in which she played the role of Angela between 2000 and 2002.
From there she began a successful film career with titles such as "El otro lado de la cama" ("The other side of the bed"), Imagining Argentina, "Semen, una historia de amor" ("Semen, a history of love") and "Un café en cualquier esquina" ("Man Push Cart"), a movie which received three nominations at the Independent Spirit Awards.
In 2012 she starred in the third installment of the "REC" series, receiving critical praise for her performance.
In the UK she is best known for playing the character Carmen in the Sky series "Mad Dogs" from 2012-13.

</doc>
<doc id="18723101" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18723101" title="Secondary banking crisis of 1973–75">
Secondary banking crisis of 1973–75

The Secondary Banking Crisis of 1973–75 was a dramatic crash in property prices in Great Britain which caused dozens of small ("secondary") lending banks to be threatened with bankruptcy.
Crisis.
These secondary banks, like the larger institutions, had been lending based on the then recently rising housing prices in the late 1960s and early 1970s, and borrowing heavily to hold the loan assets. The rise in housing prices was seen as the last hurrah of the British Post-War boom. A sudden downturn in housing market prices coupled with hikes in interest rates, well before the November oil shock, left these smaller institutions holding many loans secured by property with lower value than the loans. The Bank of England bailed out around thirty of these smaller banks, and intervened to assist some thirty others. While none of these banks were left unable to pay depositors, the Bank of England lost an estimated £100 million. The downturn was exacerbated by the global 1973–1974 stock market crash, which hit the UK when it was already in the midst of the housing price crash.
Recovery.
On 19 December 1974, a 1971 rent freeze by the Heath government was rescinded, and the Bank of England, which had severely restricted the supply of credit for housing in 1971, released greater funds. While housing prices and lending recovered in 1975, inflation continued to rise, leading to greater economic, labour and political problems for Britain. The Bank of England's regulatory powers over lenders were increased in the 1979 Banking Act to prevent a repeat of the crisis.
Causes.
The causes of the Banking Crisis remain a source of debate. Some blame the lax regulation of lenders, and policy driven inflationary pressures (the so-called "Barber Boom", after Chancellor of the Exchequer Anthony Barber) which failed to even correct its initial target: high unemployment rates. A sudden tightening of credit (interest rates were raised to 13% in October 1973), is laid at the feet of the Bank of England.Andrew Sheng. Role of the Central Bank in Banking Crisis: An Overview. in Patrick Downes, Reza Vaez-Zadeh, International Monetary Fund Central Banking Dept, (eds.) The Evolving Role of Central Banks: Papers Presented at the Fifth Seminar on Central Banking, Washington, D.C., November 5–15, 1990. International Monetary Fund, (1991) ISBN 978-1-55775-185-0 "The English secondary banking crisis of 1973–75 was mainly the result of overborrowing on the part of real estate and securities firms and by the collapse of property and share prices following tight monetary policy in the wake of the 1973 oil crisis." p. 204</ref> Others blame the Heath government's fixing of rent price rises in 1971. The only book length study of the crisis by Reid (1982) blames all these factors, a bubble of housing prices that saw a 50% increase in London real estate prices over 1971 and the financial uncertainty caused by the end of the Bretton Woods agreement and the inconclusive general elections of February 28, 1974. This period was also marked by a series of crises, including the political uncertainty of the Heath government, waves of public sector and industrial strikes, and oil shortages which for a time lead to government institution of a three day work week. But Reid also blames the entire market culture of the London banking institutions from the late 1960s, which in her view made market speculation (and pursuant crashes) inevitable.
These conclusions may be treated with some caution, as Reid's study makes no attempt to deal with the root causes of the economic instability of the early 1970s, which lay in unsustainable economic policies of the 1960s that were feeding through in the latter part of the economic cycle. By 1971, the cycle had reached a stage where the Government had little effective control over the medium and long term consequences, which were rooted in the devaluation crisis of 1967 and the economic downturn of 1968.

</doc>
<doc id="18723102" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18723102" title="Convento Building (Mission San Fernando)">
Convento Building (Mission San Fernando)

The Convento Building, known for its iconic arched portico or colonnade, was built between 1808 and 1822 and is the only original building remaining at the Mission San Fernando Rey de España in the Mission Hills section of San Fernando Valley in California in the United States. It was also the largest adobe building in California and the largest original building at any of the California missions.
The building.
The Convento is a large two-story building, measuring approximately long and wide. It has four-foot-thick adobe walls and was built in stages between approximately 1808 and 1822. The long portico, sometimes referred to as the colonnade, in front of the building has 20 arches and is the most recognized image of the Mission San Fernando. It was and is the largest adobe structure in California and is also the largest original building in California's missions. The Convento also has a library with 1,760 volumes, dating from the 16th to the 19th centuries.
History.
During the days of the Mission, the Convento was used as a residential building for the missionaries, including temporary accommodations for the missionaries as they traveled between the missions along the Camino Real. California's first bishop, Diego Garcia, lived at the Convento from 1820 to 1835.
In 1846, the Mexican government confiscated the missions and secularized the properties. Pio Pico became the owner of the Mission San Fernando, selling it in 1846 to Elogio de Chelis.
When John C. Fremont led an American military force into California in 1847, he occupied the Convento and used it as a base of operations. Between 1857 and 1861, the Convento was used as a station for the Butterfield Stage Line between Los Angeles and San Francisco. The "Los Angeles Times" visited the Mission in 1883 and found it "rapidly going to decay." The one building that was reported to be in fair shape was the Convento, which the "Times" described as follows:"The priest's quarters is a large structure, about three hundred feet long by fifty wide, with a broad portico or porch, supported by brick pillars, and extending the whole length of the building. The rafters are rough poles, thatched over with wild cane, and over this is a roof of burnt tile. ... This large building is in a fair state of preservation, and is tenanted by several Spanish families. Some carpenters (Spanish) are fitting up one end of the place for a Catholic church ..."
For most of the last half of the 19th Century, the Convento was left to decay. In 1896, the Landmarks Club (led by Charles Fletcher Lummis) signed a ten-year lease on the Mission, planning to restore it. A celebration attended by 500 people was held on the Mission's centennial in 1897. The "Times" reported at that time that the "old convent" building, "being strongly built," had "withstood more successfully the ravages of time." The "Times" report continued:"The convent itself is in fairly good repair. The building is long by 60 deep, and is entered by doors from the corridor that runs its whole length. The tiled roof is nearly intact, and the window gratings and heavy doors are still strong enough to defy hostile entry. The floor of the corridor is simply the packed earth that has been trodden by thousands of feet, and its outer wall is pierced by a succession of low arches, in the familiar style of mission architecture."
In 1963, the church undertook a restoration of the Convento, including removal of the roof, waterproofing of the structure, and replacement of the beams and original tile. During the 1963 restoration, workers found the old beams "firmly tied with strips of tough rawhide, revealing the craftsmanship of the Shoshone Indians who worked on the landmark in the early 1800s."
In February 1971, the Mission sustained major damage from the 1971 San Fernando earthquake. The Mission's chapel was completely destroyed, and a massive fireplace in the center of the Convento shook loose and cracked several interior walls. Though the chapel was beyond repair, the Convento was restored in 1973, making it the only original building remaining from the original mission. As part of the repair process, the Convento was also reinforced, replastered, and painted inside and out. As the only original building remaining at the Mission San Fernando, the Convento was singled out in 1988 for inclusion on the National Register of Historic Places.

</doc>
<doc id="18723107" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18723107" title="Izumi-Fuchū Station">
Izumi-Fuchū Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR West

</doc>
<doc id="18723123" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18723123" title="Tesla's Egg of Columbus">
Tesla's Egg of Columbus

Nikola Tesla, at the 1893 World's Columbian Exposition, demonstrated a device he constructed known as the "Egg of Columbus." It was used to demonstrate and explain the principles of the rotating magnetic field model and the induction motor. Tesla's Egg of Columbus performed the feat of Columbus with a copper egg in a rotating magnetic field. The egg spins on its major axis, standing on end due to gyroscopic action.
Tesla's device used a toroidal iron core stator on which four coils were wound. The device was powered by a two-phase alternating current source (such as a variable speed alternator) to create the rotating magnetic field. The device operated on 25 to 300 hertz frequency. The ideal operating frequency was described as being between 35 and 40 hertz. Reproductions of the device are displayed at the Nikola Tesla Museum in Belgrade, the Memorial Centre "Nikola Tesla" in Smiljan, the Technical Museum in Zagreb, the Croatian History Museum in Zagreb and in the Ann Arbor Hands-On Museum.

</doc>
<doc id="18723124" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18723124" title="Roanoke Downtown Historic District (Roanoke, Virginia)">
Roanoke Downtown Historic District (Roanoke, Virginia)

The Roanoke Downtown Historic District is a is a national historic district located in the Downtown Roanoke area of Roanoke, Virginia. It encompasses 122 contributing buildings. It includes a variety of commercial, institutional, social, and governmental buildings and structures from the late 19th century to the mid-20th century. Notable buildings include the Roanoke City Public Library, the YMCA Central Branch Building, First Christian Church (1925), the Central Church of the Brethren (1924), Tomnes Cawley Funeral Home (1928), Thomas B. Mason Building (1961), Peerless Candy Co. (c. 1916), City Hall / Municipal Building (1915), Roanoke Times Building (1892), Anchor Building / Shenandoah Building (1910), Greene Memorial Methodist Church (1890), and United States Post Office and Courthouse (1930). Located in the district are the separately listed Patrick Henry Hotel, the Boxley Building, the Campbell Avenue Complex Historic District, Colonial National Bank, and First National Bank.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="18723129" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18723129" title="Kumeda Station">
Kumeda Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR West

</doc>
<doc id="18723135" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18723135" title="Charles Keith Taylor">
Charles Keith Taylor

Charles Keith Taylor (born 23 June 1931 at Portage La Prairie, Manitoba) was a Progressive Conservative party member of the Canadian House of Commons. He was a barrister and solicitor and lawyer by career.
Keith Taylor was first elected at the Churchill riding in the 1972 general election. He served his term in the 29th Parliament, but did not campaign for a second term in that office in the 1974 election.

</doc>
<doc id="18723138" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18723138" title="Game">
Game

A game is structured playing, usually undertaken for enjoyment and sometimes used as an educational tool. Games are distinct from work, which is usually carried out for remuneration, and from art, which is more often an expression of aesthetic or ideological elements. However, the distinction is not clear-cut, and many games are also considered to be work (such as professional players of spectator sports/games) or art (such as jigsaw puzzles or games involving an artistic layout such as Mahjong, solitaire, or some video games).
Key components of games are goals, rules, challenge, and interaction. Games generally involve mental or physical stimulation, and often both. Many games help develop practical skills, serve as a form of exercise, or otherwise perform an educational, simulational, or psychological role.
Attested as early as 2600 BC, games are a universal part of human experience and present in all cultures. The Royal Game of Ur, Senet, and Mancala are some of the oldest known games.
Definitions.
Ludwig Wittgenstein.
Ludwig Wittgenstein was probably the first academic philosopher to address the definition of the word "game". In his "Philosophical Investigations", Wittgenstein argued that the elements of games, such as play, rules, and competition, all fail to adequately define what games are. From this, Wittgenstein concluded that people apply the term "game" to a range of disparate human activities that bear to one another only what one might call family resemblances. As the following game definitions show, this conclusion was not a final one and today many philosophers, like Thomas Hurka, think that Wittgenstein was wrong and that Bernard Suits' definition is a good answer to the problem.
Roger Caillois.
French sociologist Roger Caillois, in his book "Les jeux et les hommes (Games and Men)", defined a game as an activity that must have the following characteristics:
Chris Crawford.
Computer game designer Chris Crawford, founder of The Journal of Computer Game Design, has attempted to define the term "game" using a series of dichotomies:
Crawford's definition may thus be rendered as: an interactive, goal-oriented activity, with active agents to play against, in which players (including active agents) can interfere with each other.
Gameplay elements and classification.
Games can be characterized by "what the player does." This is often referred to as gameplay. Major key elements identified in this context are tools and rules that define the overall context of game.
Tools.
Games are often classified by the components required to play them (e.g. miniatures, a ball, cards, a board and pieces, or a computer). In places where the use of leather is well established, the ball has been a popular game piece throughout recorded history, resulting in a worldwide popularity of ball games such as rugby, basketball, football, cricket, tennis, and volleyball. Other tools are more idiosyncratic to a certain region. Many countries in Europe, for instance, have unique standard decks of playing cards. Other games such as chess may be traced primarily through the development and evolution of its game pieces.
Many game tools are tokens, meant to represent other things. A token may be a pawn on a board, play money, or an intangible item such as a point scored.
Games such as hide-and-seek or tag do not utilise any obvious tool; rather, their interactivity is defined by the environment. Games with the same or similar rules may have different gameplay if the environment is altered. For example, hide-and-seek in a school building differs from the same game in a park; an auto race can be radically different depending on the track or street course, even with the same cars.
Rules.
Whereas games are often characterized by their tools, they are often defined by their rules. While rules are subject to variations and changes, enough change in the rules usually results in a "new" game. For instance, baseball can be played with "real" baseballs or with wiffleballs. However, if the players decide to play with only three bases, they are arguably playing a different game. There are exceptions to this in that some games deliberately involve the changing of their own rules, but even then there are often immutable meta-rules.
Rules generally determine turn order, the rights and responsibilities of the players, and each player’s goals. Player rights may include when they may spend resources or move tokens. Common win conditions are being first to amass a certain quota of points or tokens (as in Settlers of Catan), having the greatest number of tokens at the end of the game (as in Monopoly), or some relationship of one’s game tokens to those of one’s opponent (as in chess's checkmate).
Skill, strategy, and chance.
A game’s tools and rules will result in its requiring skill, strategy, luck, or a combination thereof, and are classified accordingly.
Games of skill include games of physical skill, such as wrestling, tug of war, hopscotch, target shooting, and stake, and games of mental skill such as checkers and chess. Games of strategy include checkers, chess, go, arimaa, and tic-tac-toe, and often require special equipment to play them. Games of chance include gambling games (blackjack, mah-jongg, roulette, etc.), as well as snakes and ladders and rock, paper, scissors; most require equipment such as cards or dice. However, most games contain two or all three of these elements. For example, American football and baseball involve both physical skill and strategy while tiddlywinks, poker, and Monopoly combine strategy and chance. Many card and board games combine all three; most trick-taking games involve mental skill, strategy, and an element of chance, as do many strategic board games such as Risk, Settlers of Catan, and Carcassonne.
Single-player games.
Most games require multiple players. However, single-player games are unique in respect to the type of challenges a player faces. Unlike a game with multiple players competing with or against each other to reach the game's goal, a one-player game is a battle solely against an element of the environment (an artificial opponent), against one's own skills, against time, or against chance. Playing with a yo-yo or playing tennis against a wall is not generally recognized as playing a game due to the lack of any formidable opposition.
It is not valid to describe a computer game as single-player where the computer provides opposition. If the computer is merely record-keeping, then the game may be validly single-player.
Many games described as "single-player" may be termed actually puzzles or recreations.
Types.
Games can take a variety of forms, from competitive sports to board games and video games.
Sports.
Many sports require special equipment and dedicated playing fields, leading to the involvement of a community much larger than the group of players. A city or town may set aside such resources for the organization of sports leagues.
Popular sports may have spectators who are entertained just by watching games. A community will often align itself with a local sports team that supposedly represents it (even if the team or most of its players only recently moved in); they often align themselves against their opponents or have traditional rivalries. The concept of fandom began with sports fans.
Stanley Fish cited the balls and strikes of baseball as a clear example of social construction, the operation of rules on the game's tools. While the strike zone target is governed by the rules of the game, it epitomizes the category of things that exist only because people have agreed to treat them as real. No pitch is a ball or a strike until it has been labeled as such by an appropriate authority, the plate umpire, whose judgment on this matter cannot be challenged within the current game.
Certain competitive sports, such as racing and gymnastics, are not games by definitions such as Crawford's (see above) – despite the inclusion of many in the Olympic Games – because competitors do not interact with their opponents; they simply challenge each other in indirect ways.
Lawn games.
Lawn games are outdoor games that can be played on a lawn; an area of mowed grass (or alternately, on graded soil) generally smaller than a "field" or pitch. Variations of many games that are traditionally played on a pitch are marketed as "lawn games" for home use in a front or back yard. Common lawn games include horseshoes, sholf, croquet, bocce, lawn bowls, and stake.
Tabletop games.
A tabletop game generally refers to any game where the elements of play are confined to a small area and that require little physical exertion, usually simply placing, picking up and moving game pieces. Most of these games are, thus, played at a table around which the players are seated and on which the game's elements are located. A variety of major game types generally fall under the heading of tabletop games. It is worth noting that many games falling into this category, particularly party games, are more free-form in their play and can involve physical activity such as mime, however the basic premise is still that the game does not require a large area in which to play it, large amounts of strength or stamina, or specialized equipment other than what comes in the box (games sometimes require additional materials like pencil and paper that are easy to procure).
Dexterity and coordination games.
This class of games includes any game in which the skill element involved relates to manual dexterity or hand-eye coordination, but excludes the class of video games (see below). Games such as jacks, paper football, and Jenga require only very portable or improvised equipment and can be played on any flat level surface, while other examples, such as pinball, billiards, air hockey, foosball, and table hockey require specialized tables or other self-contained modules on which the game is played. The advent of home video game systems largely replaced some of these, such as table hockey, however air hockey, billiards, pinball and foosball remain popular fixtures in private and public game rooms. These games and others, as they require reflexes and coordination, are generally performed more poorly by intoxicated persons but are unlikely to result in injury because of this; as such the games are popular as drinking games. In addition, dedicated drinking games such as quarters and beer pong also involve physical coordination and are popular for similar reasons.
Board games.
Board games use as a central tool a board on which the players' status, resources, and progress are tracked using physical tokens. Many also involve dice and/or cards. Most games that simulate war are board games (though a large number of video games have been created to simulate strategic combat; see "Video Games" below), and the board may be a map on which the players' tokens move. Virtually all board games involve "turn-based" play; one player contemplates and then makes a move, then the next player does the same, and a player can only act on their turn. This is opposed to "real-time" play as is found in some card games, most sports and most video games.
Some games, such as chess and Go, are entirely deterministic, relying only on the strategy element for their interest. Such games are usually described as having "perfect information"; the only unknown is the exact thought processes of one's opponent, not the outcome of any unknown event inherent in the game (such as a card draw or die roll). Children's games, on the other hand, tend to be very luck-based, with games such as Candy Land and Chutes and Ladders having virtually no decisions to be made. By some definitions, such as that by (Greg Costikyan), they are not games since there are no decisions to make to effect the outcome. Many other games involving a high degree of luck do not allow direct attacks between opponents; the random event simply determines a gain or loss in the standing of the current player within the game, which is independent of any other player; the "game" then is actually a "race" by definitions such as Crawford's.
Most other board games combine strategy and luck factors; the game of backgammon requires players to decide the best strategic move based on the roll of two dice. Trivia games have a great deal of randomness based on the questions a person gets. German-style board games are notable for often having rather less of a luck factor than many board games.
Board game groups include race games, roll-and-move games, abstract strategy games, word games, and wargames, as well as the trivia and German-style board games mentioned above. Some board games fall into multiple groups and even incorporate elements of other genres: Cranium is one popular example, where players must succeed in each of four main skills: artistry, live performance, trivia, and language skill.
Card games.
Card games use a deck of cards as their central tool. These cards may be a standard Anglo-American (52-card) deck of playing cards (such as for bridge, poker, Rummy, etc.), a regional deck using 32, 36 or 40 cards and different suit signs (such as for the popular German game skat), a tarot deck of 78 cards (used in Europe to play a variety of trick-taking games collectively known as Tarot, Tarock, and/or Tarocchi games), or a deck specific to the individual game (such as "Set" or 1000 Blank White Cards). Uno and Rook are examples of games that were originally played with a standard deck and have since been commercialized with customized decks. Some collectible card games such as "" are played with a small selection of cards that have been collected or purchased individually from large available sets.
Some board games include a deck of cards as a gameplay element, normally for randomization and/or to keep track of game progress. Conversely, some card games such as Cribbage use a board with movers, normally to keep score. The differentiation between the two genres in such cases depends on which element of the game is foremost in its play; a board game using cards for random actions can usually use some other method of randomization, while Cribbage can just as easily be scored on paper. These elements as used are simply the traditional and easiest methods to achieve their purpose.
Dice games.
Dice games use a number of dice as their central element. Board games often use dice for a randomization element, and thus each roll of the dice has a profound impact on the outcome of the game, however dice games are differentiated in that the dice do not determine the success or failure of some other element of the game; they instead are the central indicator of the person's standing in the game. Popular dice games include "Yahtzee", Farkle, Bunco, Liar's dice/Perudo, and Poker dice. As dice are, by their very nature, designed to produce apparently random numbers, these games usually involve a high degree of luck, which can be directed to some extent by the player through more strategic elements of play and through tenets of probability theory. Such games are thus popular as gambling games; the game of Craps is perhaps the most famous example, though Liar's dice and Poker dice were originally conceived of as gambling games.
Domino and tile games.
Domino games are similar in many respects to card games, but the generic device is instead a set of tiles called dominoes, which traditionally each have two ends, each with a given number of dots, or "pips", and each combination of two possible end values as it appears on a tile is unique in the set. The games played with dominoes largely center around playing a domino from the player's "hand" onto the matching end of another domino, and the overall object could be to always be able to make a play, to make all open endpoints sum to a given number or multiple, or simply to play all dominoes from one's hand onto the board. Sets vary in the number of possible dots on one end, and thus of the number of combinations and pieces; the most common set historically is "double-six", though in more recent times "extended" sets such as "double-nine" have been introduced to increase the number of dominoes available, which allows larger hands and more players in a game. Muggins, Mexican Train, and Chicken Foot are very popular domino games. Texas 42 is a domino game more similar in its play to a "trick-taking" card game.
Variations of traditional dominoes abound: Triominoes are similar in theory but are triangular and thus have three values per tile. Similarly, a game known as Quad-Ominos uses four-sided tiles.
Some other games use tiles in place of cards; Rummikub is a variant of the Rummy card game family that uses tiles numbered in ascending rank among four colors, very similar in makeup to a 2-deck "pack" of Anglo-American playing cards. Mah-Jongg is another game very similar to Rummy that uses a set of tiles with card-like values and art.
Lastly, some games use graphical tiles to form a board layout, on which other elements of the game are played. Settlers of Catan and Carcassonne are examples. In each, the "board" is made up of a series of tiles; in Settlers of Catan the starting layout is random but static, while in Carcassonne the game is played by "building" the board tile-by-tile. Hive, an abstract strategy game using tiles as moving pieces, has mechanical and strategic elements similar to chess, although it has no board; the pieces themselves both form the layout and can move within it.
Pencil and paper games.
Pencil and paper games require little or no specialized equipment other than writing materials, though some such games have been commercialized as board games ("Scrabble", for instance, is based on the idea of a crossword puzzle, and tic-tac-toe sets with a boxed grid and pieces are available commercially). These games vary widely, from games centering on a design being drawn such as "Pictionary" and "connect-the-dots" games like sprouts, to letter and word games such as "Boggle" and "Scattergories", to solitaire and logic puzzle games such as Sudoku and crossword puzzles.
Guessing games.
A guessing game has as its core a piece of information that one player knows, and the object is to coerce others into guessing that piece of information without actually divulging it in text or spoken word. Charades is probably the most well-known game of this type, and has spawned numerous commercial variants that involve differing rules on the type of communication to be given, such as "Catch Phrase", "Taboo", "Pictionary", and similar. The genre also includes many game shows such as "Win, Lose or Draw", "Password" and "$25,000 Pyramid".
Video games.
Video games are computer- or microprocessor-controlled games. Computers can create virtual spaces for a wide variety of game types. Some video games simulate conventional game objects like cards or dice, while others can simulate environs either grounded in reality or fantastical in design, each with its own set of rules or goals.
A computer or video game uses one or more input devices, typically a button/joystick combination (on arcade games); a keyboard, mouse and/or trackball (computer games); or a controller or a motion sensitive tool. (console games). More esoteric devices such as paddle controllers have also been used for input.
There are many genres of video game; the first commercial video game, "Pong", was a simple simulation of table tennis. As processing power increased, new genres such as adventure and action games were developed that involved a player guiding a character from a third person perspective through a series of obstacles. This "real-time" element cannot be easily reproduced by a board game, which is generally limited to "turn-based" strategy; this advantage allows video games to simulate situations such as combat more realistically. Additionally, the playing of a video game does not require the same physical skill, strength and/or danger as a real-world representation of the game, and can provide either very realistic, exaggerated or impossible physics, allowing for elements of a fantastical nature, games involving physical violence, or simulations of sports. Lastly, a computer can, with varying degrees of success, simulate one or more human opponents in traditional table games such as chess, leading to simulations of such games that can be played by a single player.
In more open-ended computer simulations, also known as sandbox-style games, the game provides a virtual environment in which the player may be free to do whatever they like within the confines of this universe. Sometimes, there is a lack of goals or opposition, which has stirred some debate on whether these should be considered "games" or "toys". (Crawford specifically mentions Will Wright's "SimCity" as an example of a toy.)
Online games.
From the very earliest days of networked and time-shared computers, online games have been part of the culture. Early commercial systems such as Plato were at least as widely famous for their games as for their strictly educational value. In 1958, "Tennis for Two" dominated Visitor's Day and drew attention to the oscilloscope at the Brookhaven National Laboratory; during the 1980s, Xerox PARC was known mainly for "Maze War", which was offered as a hands-on demo to visitors.
Modern online games are played using an Internet connection; some have dedicated client programs, while others require only a web browser. Some simpler browser games appeal to demographic groups (notably women and the middle-aged) that otherwise play very few video games.
Role-playing games.
Role-playing games, often abbreviated as RPGs, are a type of game in which the participants (usually) assume the roles of characters acting in a fictional setting. The original role playing games—or at least those explicitly marketed as such—are played with a handful of participants, usually face-to-face, and keep track of the developing fiction with pen and paper. Together, the players may collaborate on a story involving those characters; create, develop, and "explore" the setting; or vicariously experience an adventure outside the bounds of everyday life. Pen-and-paper role-playing games include, for example, "Dungeons & Dragons" and "GURPS".
The term "role-playing game" has also been appropriated by the video game industry to describe a genre of video games. These may be single-player games where one player experiences a programmed environment and story, or they may allow players to interact through the internet. The experience is usually quite different from traditional role-playing games. Single-player games include "Final Fantasy", "Fable", "The Elder Scrolls", and "Mass Effect". Online multi-player games, often referred to as Massively Multiplayer Online role playing games, or MMORPGs, include "RuneScape", "EverQuest 2", "Guild Wars", "MapleStory", "Anarchy Online", and "Dofus". , the most successful MMORPG has been "World of Warcraft", which controls the vast majority of the market.
Business games.
Business games can take a variety of forms, from interactive board games to interactive games involving different props (balls, ropes, hoops, etc.) and different kinds of activities. The purpose of these games is to link to some aspect of organizational performance and to generate discussions about business improvement. Many business games focus on organizational behaviors. Some of these are computer simulations while others are simple designs for play and debriefing. Team building is a common focus of such activities.
Simulation.
The term "game" can include simulation or re-enactment of various activities or use in "real life" for various purposes: e.g., training, analysis, prediction. Well-known examples are war games and roleplaying. The root of this meaning may originate in the human prehistory of games deduced by anthropology from observing primitive cultures, in which children's games mimic the activities of adults to a significant degree: hunting, warring, nursing, etc. These kinds of games are preserved in modern times.

</doc>
<doc id="18723139" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18723139" title="Shimomatsu Station">
Shimomatsu Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR West

</doc>
<doc id="18723141" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18723141" title="Bittinger, Maryland">
Bittinger, Maryland

Bittinger is an unincorporated community in northeastern Garrett County, Maryland, United States, on the western edge of the Savage River State Forest. It lies along Maryland Route 495 northeast of the city of Oakland, the county seat of Garrett County. Its elevation is 2,690 feet (820 m). Although Bittinger is unincorporated, it has a post office, with the ZIP code of 21522. The post office was established in 1885.

</doc>
<doc id="18723144" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18723144" title="I Want to Work for Diddy (season 1)">
I Want to Work for Diddy (season 1)

I Want To Work For Diddy was a reality show on VH1. Co-executive produced and directed by Mark Jacobs, the 13 contestants are brought together to see who can become Sean Combs' assistant. The show premiered on August 4, 2008. In the end, Suzanne Siegel was chosen to be his assistant and Mike Barber was hired in an undisclosed role.
Episodes.
Welcome to Bad Boy.
"First aired August 4, 2008
No Bitchassness.
"First aired August 11, 2008
Go Get the Model.
"First aired August 18, 2008
Diddy.com.
"First aired August 25, 2008
Hooray for Hollywood.
"First aired September 1, 2008
Unforgivable Hustle.
"First aired September 8, 2008
One Night Only.
"First aired September 15, 2008
New York Hustle.
"First aired September 22, 2008
Show Me the Monae.
"First aired September 29, 2008
Season Finale.
"First aired October 6, 2008
Season 2.
A second season of "I Want to Work for Diddy" was confirmed by VH1. The second season premiered on November 2, 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="18723148" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18723148" title="Nottingham, Maryland">
Nottingham, Maryland

Nottingham is an unincorporated community in Baltimore County, Maryland, United States. Its elevation is 62 feet (19 m). Although Nottingham is unincorporated, it has a post office, with the ZIP code of 21236. Nottingham is often considered a broad area in Baltimore County, encompassing many census-designated places (CDPs) and unincorporated communities.
Its total population at the time of the 2000 U.S. Ccensus was 37,779.

</doc>
<doc id="18723150" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18723150" title="Keith Taylor">
Keith Taylor

Keith Taylor may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18723154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18723154" title="Roanoke City Market Historic District">
Roanoke City Market Historic District

Roanoke City Market Historic District, also known as City Market District, is a national historic district located in the Downtown Roanoke area of Roanoke, Virginia.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983, with an area "Roughly bounded by Williamson Rd., Norfolk Ave., S. Jefferson St., and Church Ave. The district area was increased to include 302 Campbell Ave., SE, and 9 Church Ave, SE, in 2002. The district encompasses 51 contributing buildings and 1 contributing object. The focal point of the area's grid-plan is the City Market Building (1922) set in the middle of the central Market Square. Other notable buildings include the Lampros Building (1909), the McGuire Building (1914), Goria Brothers Grocery Building (1924), and the E & M Market (1946). Located in the district is the separately listed Fire Station No. 1.

</doc>
<doc id="18723155" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18723155" title="Murdock, Illinois">
Murdock, Illinois

Murdock is an unincorporated community in Douglas County, Illinois, United States. Its elevation is 640 feet (195 m). Although Murdock is unincorporated, it has a post office, with the ZIP code of 61941.
Murdock was the site of a notable train derailment on September 2, 1983. A Baltimore and Ohio Railroad train derailed at 3:30 p.m., starting a fire. The fire heated tanks filled with liquefied petroleum gas, resulting in two large boiling liquid expanding vapor explosions. One of the tanker cars was blasted away from the derailment.

</doc>
<doc id="18723167" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18723167" title="Goodwine, Illinois">
Goodwine, Illinois

Goodwine is an unincorporated community in southern Iroquois County, Illinois, United States. It lies along local roads south of the city of Watseka, the county seat of Iroquois County. Its elevation is 659 feet (201 m), and it is located at (40.5672584, -87.7844742). Although Goodwine is unincorporated, it has a post office, with the ZIP code of 60939.

</doc>
<doc id="18723169" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18723169" title="Higashi-Kishiwada Station">
Higashi-Kishiwada Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR West

</doc>
<doc id="18723192" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18723192" title="Iron Springs, Arizona">
Iron Springs, Arizona

Iron Springs (also Ironsprings) is an unincorporated community in central Yavapai County, Arizona, United States, in the Prescott National Forest. It lies along Iron Springs Road northwest of the city of Prescott, the county seat of Yavapai County. Its elevation is 6,073 feet (1,851 m). Although Iron Springs is unincorporated, it has a post office, with the ZIP code of 86330.
Originally summer homes, it continues to be a summer retreat.

</doc>
<doc id="18723199" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18723199" title="Cenderawasih languages">
Cenderawasih languages

The Cenderawasih languages, also known as West New Guinea languages, are a branch of Austronesian languages of Indonesia, found in the islands and shoreline of Cenderawasih Bay in the provinces of West Papua and Papua.
Most of the languages are only known from short word lists, but Biak and Waropen are fairly well attested.
Classification.
Excluding Raja Ampat, "Ethnologue" 17 classifies the languages as follows: 
None of the branches of Cenderawasih Bay are particularly close.
It is not clear if Bedoanas–Erokwanas is closer to Cenderawasih or to Raja Ampat. (See Halmahera–Cenderawasih languages.)

</doc>
<doc id="18723203" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18723203" title="Higashi-Kaizuka Station">
Higashi-Kaizuka Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR West

</doc>
<doc id="18723204" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18723204" title="Kirkland, Arizona">
Kirkland, Arizona

Kirkland is an unincorporated community in central Yavapai County, Arizona, United States, near the Weaver Mountains. It lies along State Route 96 southwest of the city of Prescott, the county seat of Yavapai County. Its elevation is 3,930 feet (1,198 m). Although Kirkland is unincorporated, it has a post office, with the ZIP code of 86332.

</doc>
<doc id="18723220" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18723220" title="Crash Investigation Unit">
Crash Investigation Unit

Crash Investigation Unit is an Australian factual television series on the Seven Network hosted by Damian Walshe-Howling. The series premiered on 27 August 2008.
The series follows the Metropolitan Crash Investigation Unit to uncover the causes behind a car crash. The program is similar to New Zealand's "", which has previously aired on Seven to strong ratings.
So far the series has attracted an average of 1.3 million viewers.
On 22 September 2008, Channel Seven confirmed it had commissioned a second series of Crash Investigation Unit.

</doc>
<doc id="18723226" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18723226" title="1931 Chatham Cup">
1931 Chatham Cup

The 1931 Chatham Cup was the ninth annual nationwide knockout football competition in New Zealand.
The competition was run on a regional basis, with six regional associations (Auckland, Walkato, Wellington, Manawatu, Canterbury, and Otago) each holding separate qualifying rounds. In all, 30 teams took part in the competition, though some reports suggest there may have been 31 teams, and for the first time the majority came from the South Island. This was an improvements over previous years, but still a tiny number considering that 514 teams were affiliated to the regional associations nationwide. Participation by Auckland teams was particularly poor, with only three sides from that city taking part.
Participants.
The following 30 teams are known to have taken part in the competition:
The 1931 final.
The final was won by Tramurewa, a recent amalgamation of former winners Tramways and Manurewa, soon to be renamed Manurewa AFC. In all, six of Tramurewa's player had played for Tramways in the 1929 final. In the final almost all of the action occurred in the second half. A. Wilson was the first scorer for Nomads, followed two minutes later by G. Goode. Clem Bell then scored twice to leave the scores tied at 2-2. Nomads defended stoutly to keep the scores tied until full time, but in the first period of extra time both H., Donaldson and Arthur Spong scored for the Auckland team. The goal tally was completed just before the end of the second period of extra time by Bell's third goal.
Tramurewa's Clem Bell was the second player in Chatham Cup history to score a final hat-trick, and also the second player to score in two separate finals (he scored in Tramways' win in 1929). The tally of seven goals scored in the game was the highest aggregate until 1940.

</doc>
<doc id="18723227" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18723227" title="Quintus Valerius Orca">
Quintus Valerius Orca

Quintus Valerius Orca ("fl." 50s–40s BC) was a Roman praetor, a governor of the Roman province of Africa, and a commanding officer under Julius Caesar in the civil war against Pompeius Magnus and the senatorial elite. The main sources for Orca's life are letters written to him by Cicero and passages in Caesar's "Bellum Civile".
Life and career.
Orca is generally regarded as the son of Quintus Valerius Soranus, a partisan of Gaius Marius who was executed during the Sullan proscriptions of 82 BC, allegedly for violating a religious prohibition against revealing the secret name of Rome. The family came from the municipality of Sora, near Cicero's native Arpinum. Cicero refers to the Valerii Sorani as his friends and neighbors.
Next to nothing is known of Orca's early career. As praetor in 57 BC, he actively supported Cicero's return from exile, and in 56, while governor in Africa, he was the recipient of two letters of recommendation from Cicero. Orca and Cicero had close enough relations that they had agreed upon the use of a sign or symbol to mark their correspondence as authentic and trustworthy. Orca then disappears from the historical record for several years. The length of his term in Africa is undetermined; the next known governor, P. Attius Varus, was there in 52 and probably earlier. It has been conjectured, though the dating of his governorship might argue to the contrary, that he was among those attending the conference held April 56 BC in Luca by Julius Caesar, Pompeius Magnus, and Marcus Crassus; in the company of a number of supporters the three worked out the strategic political alliance that led to the extension of Caesar's command in Gaul and the joint election of Pompey and Crassus to their second consulship.
Role in civil war.
During the Roman civil wars of the 40s, Valerius Orca resurfaces as one of Caesar's legates. Early in 49 BC, Orca was sent to occupy Sardinia. Caesar claims that the inhabitants of Caralis (modern Cagliari), the capital, were so roused by word of Orca's approach that on their own initiative ("sua sponte") they threw out the Pompey-allied governor, who fled to Africa. The Greek historian Appian implies that part of Sardinia's strategic significance in the conflict was its importance as a center of grain production; Cassius Dio says little about the occupation of Sardinia by the Caesarians, noting merely that it was uncontested.
Land distribution in Volaterrae.
After Caesar came into the dictatorship, Orca was given a commission to confiscate land in the area around Volaterrae in Etruria, which was to be redistributed to Caesar's veterans as a reward for their service. The history of these land distributions is vexed, and the degree of Orca's success is unclear. In the earlier civil war between Marius and Sulla, Volaterrae had sided with Marius, who supported greater extension of rights to Rome's allies than did the conservative Sulla. The Sullans lay siege to the town in 80 BC, and as a result of their defeat, the Volaterreans had suffered a reduction of rights and territory. This event had ended the Etruscan era for the city-state, but by 63 BC the previously confiscated lands still had not been distributed. Cicero successfully opposed this redistribution, and blocked another in 60. The issue seems to have remained unresolved for another fifteen years, until Caesar's decision to establish a colony there in 45.
Although an inscription provides evidence that Volaterrae had the legal status of "colonia" in the early Principate, there are few archaeological traces to indicate that veterans actually received and inhabited the land. It has been conjectured that the Volaterreans were able to negotiate a less radical reorganization from Orca, perhaps through the network of friendships, family ties and connections left from his pro-Marian father and his friend Cicero.

</doc>
<doc id="18723232" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18723232" title="Montalba, Texas">
Montalba, Texas

Montalba is an unincorporated community in central Anderson County, Texas, United States. It lies along State Highway 19 northwest of the city of Palestine, the county seat of Anderson County. Its elevation is 427 feet (130 m). Although Montalba is unincorporated, it has a post office, with the ZIP code of 75853.
Elton Bomer, formerly state representative and Texas Secretary of State, resides in Montalba.

</doc>
<doc id="18723239" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18723239" title="Donie, Texas">
Donie, Texas

Donie is an unincorporated community in southern Freestone County, Texas, United States. It lies along State Highway 164 south of the city of Fairfield, the county seat of Freestone County. Its elevation is 489 feet (149 m). Although Donie is unincorporated, it has a post office, with the ZIP code of 75838.

</doc>
<doc id="18723242" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18723242" title="Flint, Texas">
Flint, Texas

Flint is an unincorporated community in southwestern Smith County, Texas, United States. It lies along State F.M. 2493 south of the city of Tyler, the county seat of Smith County. Its elevation is 522 feet (159 m). Although Flint is unincorporated, it has a post office, with the ZIP code of 75762.
History.
The town was named for Robert P. Flynt, a local landowner but the post office began operations in 1887 under the spelling "Flint" when postmaster Charles B. Brown misspelled the name on application forms.
Climate.
Flint is considered to be part of the humid subtropical region.

</doc>
<doc id="18723243" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18723243" title="Izumi-Hashimoto Station">
Izumi-Hashimoto Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR West

</doc>
<doc id="18723244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18723244" title="Doucette, Texas">
Doucette, Texas

Doucette is an unincorporated community in central Tyler County, Texas, United States. It lies along U.S. Route 69 north of the town of Woodville, the county seat of Tyler County. Its elevation is 331 feet (101 m). Although Doucette is unincorporated, it has a post office, with the ZIP code of 75942.

</doc>
<doc id="18723245" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18723245" title="Colman Andrews">
Colman Andrews

Colman Robert Hardy Andrews (born February 18, 1945) is an American writer and editor and authority on food and wine. In culinary circles, he is best known for his association with "Saveur" magazine, which he founded with Dorothy Kalins, Michael Grossman, and Christopher Hirsheimer in 1994 and where he served as editor-in-chief from 2001 until 2006. After resigning from the magazine in 2006, he became the restaurant columnist for "Gourmet". In 2010, he helped launch a food and drink website, The Daily Meal, and serves as its editorial director. He is considered one of the world’s foremost experts on Spanish cuisine, particularly that of the Catalonia region.
Early life.
Born in Santa Monica, California. His father, Charles Robert Hardy Douglas Andrews, born in Effingham, Kansas, was a newspaperman, pioneering radio soap opera writer, novelist, and screenwriter. Andrews’ mother was Irene Colman (née Bressette), an actress of French-Canadian descent born in Nashua, New Hampshire. She played a chorus girl in several "Gold Diggers movies" and had ingenue roles in a number of other movies. Andrews and his sister, Ann Merry Victoria Andrews (two years his junior) and his older half-sister Joy grew up in the West Los Angeles neighborhood of Holmby Hills. The family moved to Ojai, north of Los Angeles, in 1959, and Andrews attended Villanova Preparatory School in the same town. 
Early career.
After high school, Andrews went on to Loyola University — now Loyola Marymount University — in Los Angeles as an English major. Kicked out of Loyola after one year for ignoring his studies in favor of the campus radio station, Andrews spent the next year-and-a-half working and traveling, living for brief periods in Atlanta and Cambridge, Massachusetts. Returning to Los Angeles, he enrolled at Los Angeles City College in 1965. He took a job in the bookshop at the Los Angeles County Museum of Art the same year. In 1968, after a year-and-a-half at Los Angeles City College and a year at California State University at Los Angeles, Andrews was accepted at the University of California at Los Angeles. He graduated in 1969 with degrees in history and philosophy.
Andrews’ first restaurant reviewing job was for "The Staff", an offshoot of the "LA Free Press". In early 1972, Andrews, a music lover and amateur singer and songwriter, was hired by the publicity department of Atlantic Records and penned press releases for such albums as Bette Midler’s and Jackson Browne’s debuts. Still writing restaurant reviews on the side, he began to seriously study wine and was a fan in particular of the wine writer Roy Brady, who espoused the notion that a wine should be judged not by its reputation or price but instead by what it smells and tastes like. Brady became his mentor in wine matters.
Magazine Life.
Andrews left Atlantic before a year had passed to become the editor of "Coast", a Los Angeles-based lifestyle magazine; he held the position until 1975. Meanwhile, Andrews continued reviewing records for "Creem", where Lester Bangs was his editor, and covering live music in the LA area for "The Hollywood Reporter" . He also wrote liner notes for numerous albums, receiving a Grammy nomination in 1972 for notes on a special edition of Miles Davis reissues. In 1975, Lois Dwan, restaurant reviewer for The Los Angeles Times, asked Andrews to substitute for her while she went on vacation. This began his long association with the newspaper; though not officially on staff, he was alternately a restaurant reviewer and columnist, book reviewer and travel writer, and the editor of the paper’s travel magazine, "Traveling in Style". In 1978, Andrews, was hired as an associate editor at "New West" magazine, a bi-weekly California publication started by Clay Felker as a parallel to his seminal "New York" magazine. He was promoted a year later to senior editor. During this time he met Ruth Reichl, then the restaurant columnist for the Northern California edition of "New West", who would go on to become the restaurant critic of the "New York Times" from 1993 to 1999, and, later, the editor-in-chief of "Gourmet" magazine. For a period the two were lovers, their relationship chronicled in Reichl’s memoir "Comfort Me with Apples" (Random House, 2002).
Andrews left "New West" in 1980 and began writing for "Apartment Life", an urbane lifestyle magazine helmed by Dorothy Kalins. A year later that magazine was transformed into "Metropolitan Home". Over the course of that magazine’s first decade . Andrews wrote about restaurants all over the world; he was the first American reporter to introduce readers to the great French chef Guy Savoy. Perhaps most significantly, Andrews got a contract to write a book on Catalan cuisine based on an article he’d written for "Met Home". Throughout the eighties he spent a great deal of time traveling to Barcelona and vicinity. The resulting book, "Catalan Cuisine", published in 1988 and still in print, has become the standard reference book for restaurant kitchens in that region, and is revered by the top local chefs, including the world-renowned Ferran Adria.
"Saveur".
After finishing his Catalan book, Andrews worked as a freelancer, writing articles for the "Los Angeles Times" and for "Bon Appetit", "Food & Wine", "Travel & Leisure", and many other publications. In 1992, Andrews published his second book, "Everything on the Table: Plain Talk About Food and Wine", a collection of new and revised short pieces, and shortly thereafter he began work on a book about the cuisines of Genoa and Nice, "Flavors of the Riviera: Discovering Real Mediterranean Cuisine", published in 1996. Meanwhile, in 1994, Andrews had become a co- founder of "Saveur" magazine, and in late 1995, he moved from Los Angeles to New York City. The magazine was the first of its kind to delve beyond recipes and formulas and tell the stories of the people and cultures behind the food. During his tenure, Andrews won six James Beard Journalism Awards, and in 2000, "Saveur" became the first food magazine to win the American Society of Magazine Editors’ award for General Excellence. The following year, after the magazine changed ownership, Kalins left to work for "Newsweek" and Andrews took over as editor-in-chief. He left "Saveur" in 2006, becoming the restaurant columnist for "Gourmet" and undertaking new book projects—the first of which, "The Country Cooking of Ireland", was published in 2009 by Chronicle Books.
Personal life.
Marriages: Leslie Ward, 1979–1989; Paula Fritz, 1989–2002; Erin Walker, 2006–present
Children: Madeleine Cartwright Andrews (born April 17, 1990); Isabelle Scott Andrews (born April 5, 1993)

</doc>
<doc id="18723248" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18723248" title="Hillister, Texas">
Hillister, Texas

Hillister is an unincorporated community in southern Tyler County, Texas, United States. It lies along the concurrent U.S. Routes 69 and 287 south of the town of Woodville, the county seat of Tyler County. Its elevation is 190 feet (58 m). Although Hillister is unincorporated, it has a post office, with the ZIP code of 77624.
Hillister is the residence of State Representative James E. White of District 19, which encompasses Polk, Hardin, Jasper, Newton, and Tyler counties. 

</doc>
<doc id="18723249" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18723249" title="Sacul, Texas">
Sacul, Texas

Sacul is an unincorporated community in Nacogdoches County, Texas, United States. According to the Handbook of Texas, the community had an estimated population of 170 in both 1990 and 2000.
Geography.
Sacul is located at (31.8248953, -94.9188271) in northwestern Nacogdoches County. It is situated at the junction of State Highway 204 and FM 1648, approximately 21 miles northwest of Nacogdoches and 25 miles southeast of Jacksonville.
History.
The areas was initially part of a dispersed settlement called Tolivar. The community of Tolivar had a post office that was located midway between the present-day towns of Cushing and Sacul. It was located in the home of B.W. Pye, who served as postmaster.
The Texas and New Orleans Railroad, which provided passenger services and freight hauling between Dallas and Beaumont, constructed a rail stop a few miles from Tolivar shortly after 1900. It was at that location that a town site was laid out on land owned by the Lucas family and W.T. Williamson. The founders originally wanted to call the new community Lucas after one of the area's principal land owners, but postal officials denied the application because there was already another town in the state with that name – Lucas in Collin County. The application was resubmitted with the name Sacul, a backwards spelling of Lucas, and was approved. Similarly, the nearby town of Reklaw was also named with a spelling reversal.
Sacul's post office was established in 1903. That same year, a Town Center – also called the "Blue Building" or "Boardwalk" by locals – was built. It housed a bank, mercantile store, and a pharmacy. In 1904, a school opened in the community. Sacul experienced rapid growth in the coming years. By 1914, around 400 people lived in the community with a number of business establishments including six general stores, three grocers, two cotton gins, a blacksmith, hardware store, and a bank. There were also two churches in Sacul, one Baptist and the other Methodist. The community continued to prosper throughout the 1920s, but the Great Depression precipitated a decline and many businesses were closed. By the mid-1930s, the population had fallen to 250 and the number of businesses dwindled to ten.
Increased mobility after World War II accelerated the community's steep decline. By the mid-1960s, Sacul had 170 residents and four businesses. During the remainder of the twentieth century, the population continued to hover around 170.
Events.
Sacul hosted the first of its annual Folk Festivals in June 1986. On the fourth Saturday of each month, a Bluegrass music festival known as the "Sacul Opry" attracts hundreds of fans to the community.
Education.
Public education in the community of Sacul is provided by the Cushing Independent School District. All of the district's campuses are located in the city of Cushing.

</doc>
<doc id="18723250" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18723250" title="Bivins, Texas">
Bivins, Texas

Bivins is an unincorporated community in eastern Cass County, Texas, United States. It lies along State Highway 43 east of the city of Linden, the county seat of Cass County. Its elevation is 318 feet (97 m), and it is located at (33.0195772, -94.1990757). Although Bivins is unincorporated, it has a post office, with the ZIP code of 75555.

</doc>
<doc id="18723251" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18723251" title="Cookville, Texas">
Cookville, Texas

Cookville is an unincorporated community in eastern Titus County, Texas, United States. It lies along U.S. Route 67 east of the city of Mount Pleasant, the county seat of Titus County. Its elevation is 433 feet (132 m). Although Cookville is unincorporated, it has a post office, with the ZIP code of 75558, located at the junction of US 67 and Farm to Market Road 1000.

</doc>
<doc id="18723252" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18723252" title="Salt Flat, Texas">
Salt Flat, Texas

Salt Flat is an unincorporated community in northeastern Hudspeth County, Texas, United States. It lies along the concurrent U.S. Routes 62 and 180 north of the CDP of Sierra Blanca, the county seat of Hudspeth County. Its elevation is 3,730 feet (1,137 m). Although Salt Flat is unincorporated, it has a ZIP code of 79847. The headquarters of the nearby Guadalupe Mountains National Park uses this ZIP Code although it is located closer to Pine Springs, which has no post office.
Salt deposits.
Just outside of the community there is a dry salt pan. The San Elizario Salt War was a dispute over ownership and access to these salt deposits.

</doc>
<doc id="18723253" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18723253" title="Call, Texas">
Call, Texas

Call is an unincorporated community in central Newton County, Texas, United States. It lies along State Highway 87 south of the city of Newton, the county seat of Newton County. Its elevation is 95 feet (29 m), and it is located at (30.6124261, -93.8743461). Although Call is unincorporated, it has a post office, with the ZIP code of 75933.
Call Texas is ran and governed by the Shelby/Armstrong Family
Climate.
The climate in this area is characterized by hot, humid summers and generally mild to cool winters. According to the Köppen Climate Classification system, Call has a humid subtropical climate, abbreviated "Cfa" on climate maps.

</doc>
<doc id="18723255" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18723255" title="Dinero, Texas">
Dinero, Texas

Dinero is an unincorporated community in eastern Live Oak County, Texas, United States. It lies along local roads south of Interstate 37, southeast of the city of George West, the county seat of Live Oak County. Its elevation is 112 feet (34 m). Though there used to be a post office, it was shut down in 2008 and the 78350 zip code was removed.
Former State Senator Cyndi Taylor Krier spent part of her girlhood in Dinero, where her maternal grandfather and then her grandmother were the postmasters, long before the closing of the facility.

</doc>
<doc id="18723256" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18723256" title="Higashi-Sano Station">
Higashi-Sano Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR West

</doc>
<doc id="18723257" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18723257" title="Annapurna Sanctuary">
Annapurna Sanctuary

The Annapurna Sanctuary is “high glacial basin lying forty km directly north of Pokhara. This oval-shaped plateau sits at an altitude of over 4000 metres, and is surrounded by a ring of mountains, the Annapurna range, most of which are over 7000 metres. With the only entrance a narrow pass between the peaks of Hiunchuli and Machapuchare, where run-off from glaciers drain into Modi Khola River, the Sanctuary was not penetrated by outsiders until 1956. Because of high mountains on all sides, the Annapurna Sanctuary receives only 7 hours of sunlight a day at the height of summer. The unique combination of heights and depths in the Annapurna Sanctuary give rise to an extraordinary variety of ecosystems. The south-facing slopes are “covered in dense tropical jungles of rhododendron and bamboo”, while the north-facing slopes, in the rain shadow, have “a drier colder climate similar to that of the near-by Tibetan Plateau.”
The entire sanctuary was held as sacred to the Gurung people, one of the many native people to inhabit the area. They believed it was the repository of gold and various treasures left by the Nāgas, the serpent-gods known in India. The sanctuary was believed to be the home of several deities, from Hinduism and Buddhism as well the older animistic gods. The peak of Machapuchare at the entrance was believed to be the home of the god Shiva, and the daily plumes of snow were thought the smoke of his divine incense. Until recently, the local Gurang people forbade anyone from bringing eggs or meat into the Annapurna Sanctuary, and women and untouchables were prohibited from going there as well.
In recent years, the number of trekkers to the Sanctuary has increased substantially, in part because the Sanctuary forms the base of one of the major routes to the peaks of the Annapurna range. The Annapurna Sanctuary is now part of the Annapurna Conservation Area Project, which places restrictions on number of outside travelers, gathering of firewood, and domestic animal grazing.

</doc>
<doc id="18723258" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18723258" title="Corral, Idaho">
Corral, Idaho

Corral is an unincorporated community in southwestern Camas County, Idaho, United States. It lies along U.S. Route 20 west of the city of Fairfield, the county seat of Camas County. Its elevation is 5,098 feet (1,554 m). Although Corral is unincorporated, it has a post office, with the ZIP code of 83322.

</doc>
<doc id="18723259" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18723259" title="Transitional Bulgarian dialects">
Transitional Bulgarian dialects

The Transitional Bulgarian dialects are a group of Bulgarian dialects, whose speakers are located west of the yat boundary and are part of the Western Bulgarian dialects. On Bulgarian territory, the Transitional dialects occupy a narrow strip of land along the Bulgarian border with Serbia, including the regions of Tran, Breznik, Godech and Belogradchik. They also cross the border to include the dialects or subdialects of the Bulgarian minority in the Western Outlands (the regions of Tsaribrod and Bosilegrad), Bulgarian territories transferred to Serbia by the Treaty of Neuilly as punishment for Bulgarian participation in World War I on the side of the Central Powers. The Transitional dialects are part of the Torlak dialectal group also spoken in southeastern Serbia and Republic of Macedonia and are part of the gradual transition from Bulgarian to Serbian. The Bulgarian Transitional dialects and the Serbian Prizren-Timok dialects are loosely characterised by mixed, predominantly Serbian phonology and predominantly Bulgarian morphology.
Grammatical and morphological characteristics.
For the phonological and morphological characteristics of the individual dialects included in the dialectal group, cf. individual articles.

</doc>
<doc id="18723262" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18723262" title="Southern California Gas Company Complex">
Southern California Gas Company Complex

The Southern California Gas Company Complex is a group of buildings on Flower Street in Downtown Los Angeles. The complex was originally used as offices by the Southern California Gas Company, but was later converted to lofts. 
The six story extension at 820 S. Flower Street was designed by Robert V. Derrah in the Art Deco style in 1942; the two concrete side sections curve into the recessed glass center. 
The buildings were added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="18723273" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18723273" title="List of Premiers of Western Australia by time in office">
List of Premiers of Western Australia by time in office

This is a list of Premiers of Western Australia by time in office. The basis of the list is the inclusive number of days between dates.
Rank by time in office.
"No. indicates the chronological order of Premiers"

</doc>
<doc id="18723282" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18723282" title="Kumatori Station">
Kumatori Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR West

</doc>
<doc id="18723302" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18723302" title="Altermodern">
Altermodern

Altermodern, a portmanteau word defined by Nicolas Bourriaud, is an attempt at contextualizing art made in today's global context as a reaction against standardisation and commercialism. It is also the title of the Tate Britain's fourth Triennial exhibition curated by Bourriaud.
Concept.
In his keynote speech to the 2005 Art Association of Australia & New Zealand Conference, Nicolas Bourriaud explained: 
Artists are looking for a new modernity that would be based on translation: What matters today is to translate the cultural values of cultural groups and to connect them to the world network. This “reloading process” of modernism according to the twenty-first-century issues could be called altermodernism, a movement connected to the creolisation of cultures and the fight for autonomy, but also the possibility of producing singularities in a more and more standardized world.
Altermodern can essentially be read as an artist working in a hypermodern world or with supermodern ideas or themes.
Exhibitions.
Tate Britain 2009.
The Tate exhibition includes a series of four one-day events (called "Prologues"), aiming to "introduce and provoke debate" around the Triennial’s themes. Each Prologue includes lectures, performances, film and a manifesto text and attempts to define what the curator sees as the four main facets of Altermodern

</doc>
<doc id="18723306" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18723306" title="Hang Sao">
Hang Sao

Hang Sao (1939–2004) (Haam Choj, a given Mong name) was a prominent figure in the Laotian Civil War. He was raised in the city of Pah Leong, Xieng Khoua. Hang Sao served in the Royal Lao Army from 1961 to 1975. In 1969, he was appointed to the post of Lieutenant Colonel by General Oun Latikun and Prime Minister Souvanhna. He also served as an advisor to General Vang Pao during the conflict. Hang Sao and his family emigrated from Laos to France in 1976, and then to the United States: first to Seattle, Washington in 1978, and finally to Detroit, Michigan in 1984. In 1982, Hang Sao was appointed as Deputy Minister of Interior by the Royal Lao Government in Exile and in 1992, he was appointed as an advisor to the King of Laos in-exile, LangXang Houng Kau. Hang Sao earned his Bachelor of Arts in political science in 1995, and was elected to ten Hmong churches. He was active in the Hmong American community until his death in 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="18723307" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18723307" title="Hineno Station">
Hineno Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR West

</doc>
<doc id="18723318" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18723318" title="The Outdoor Room">
The Outdoor Room

The Outdoor Room was an Australian television program, hosted by Jamie Durie, that aired on the Seven Network in late 2008. Repeats are currently broadcast on 7Two.
In January 2009, it was announced that "The Outdoor Room" has got the axe and would not return due to budgetary constraints to produce each episode. Durie is currently filming an American version of the show.
Overview.
Similar to Durie's previous show "Backyard Blitz", "The Outdoor Room" was a backyard improvement show that saw Durie design a new backyard for a worthy family. The series followed Durie as he travelled to various countries around the world to seek inspiration and gain new ideas before coming home to start work on the design with his team.
HGTV picked up the series with Jamie Durie. Produced by Scout Productions, Emmy Award winning producers of Queer Eye for the Straight Guy. Running 4 seasons, 52 episodes, the series was produced by show runner, Michael Hauser. 
Along with reuniting with former "Backyard Blitz" horticulturist Jody Rigby, each week Durie was also joined by a prominent Australian chef who serves up a dish from each episode's country of inspiration.
Episodes.
Ratings are based on the average of the total ratings for Australian mainland capital cities.<br>
This episode was a one hour series premiere.<br>
This episode aired half an hour later at 7pm due to a Seven News special in its regular timeslot.

</doc>
<doc id="18723321" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18723321" title="Zhang Lei (cyclist)">
Zhang Lei (cyclist)

Zhang Lei (born April 4, 1981 in Shandong) is a male Chinese racing cyclist.

</doc>
<doc id="18723322" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18723322" title="Booker T (wrestler)">
Booker T (wrestler)

Booker Tio Huffman, Jr. (born March 1, 1965), is an American semi-retired professional wrestler currently signed with WWE. He is also founder/owner of the independent promotion Reality of Wrestling (RoW) in his hometown of Houston, Texas. He is better known by his ring names Booker T and King Booker.
Booker is best known for his time in World Championship Wrestling (WCW), the World Wrestling Federation / Entertainment (WWF/E), and Total Nonstop Action Wrestling (TNA), holding 35 championships between those organizations. He is the most decorated wrestler in WCW history, having held 21 titles including a record six WCW World Television Championships, and a record ten WCW World Tag Team Championships as one half of Harlem Heat with his brother, Lash "Stevie Ray" Huffman (he had an eleventh reign in the WWF with Test).
Booker headlined many pay-per-view events in WCW, the WWF/E and TNA between 1993 and 2008 and is a six time world champion, having won the WCW World Heavyweight Championship five times (four times in WCW, with the fourth reign commencing on the 2001 final WCW broadcast under the ownership of the WWF and continuing in that company; and once within the WWF itself) and a World Heavyweight Championship in WWE. He is the first pure African American to become a world champion in WWE, and was voted the greatest WCW/World Heavyweight Champion of all time in a 2013 WWE viewer poll. Booker has also gained notable success as a tag team wrestler, being a fifteen time World Tag Team Champion between WCW (ten times), WWF/E (four times), and TNA (once). Additionally, he was the winner of the WWE King of the Ring tournament in 2006, the sixteenth WWE Triple Crown Champion and the tenth WWE Grand Slam Champion. As the ninth (and final) WCW Triple Crown Champion, Booker is the most recent of four men in history to achieve both the WWE and WCW Triple Crown Championships.
Booker was inducted into the WWE Hall of Fame on April 6, 2013 by his brother, Lash Huffman.
Early life.
Booker was born the youngest of eight children, in Houston's South Park neighborhood. By the time Booker was fourteen, both of his parents had died, and his brother Lash "Stevie Ray" Huffman stepped in to raise him and his siblings. In high school, Booker Huffman was a drum major. He also played touch football and basketball.
Professional wrestling career.
Early career.
As a single father working at a storage company in Houston, Texas, Huffman was looking to make a better life for himself and his son. His brother Lash suggested that he and Booker check out a new wrestling school being opened, run by Ivan Putski, in conjunction with his Western Wrestling Alliance organization. The name Booker came from his inspiration Kilian Tennyson. His boss from the storage company loaned him the money to pay for the wrestling lessons. Booker trained under Scott Casey, who helped to turn Booker's background as a gangster and dancer into "sports entertainment", teaching the newcomer in-ring psychology and ring generalship.
Eight weeks later, Booker debuted as "G.I. Bro" on Putski's "Western Wrestling Alliance Live!" program. The character was a tie-in to the raging Gulf War and the WWF's Sgt. Slaughter angle. Even though the WWA met its demise some time later, Booker continued to wrestle on the Texas independent circuit, often with his brother Lash, who performed as Stevie Ray. They were spotted by Skandor Akbar who hired them to work for the Global Wrestling Federation (GWF), where he and Eddie Gilbert were involved. Gilbert teamed Stevie Ray and Booker T together as the Ebony Experience, and they won the GWF Tag Team Championship on July 31, 1992. During their time with GWF, they held the tag title a total of three times. Subsequently, Booker T and Stevie Ray left the GWF to work for World Championship Wrestling.
World Championship Wrestling (1993-2001).
Harlem Heat (1993–1997).
Booker and his brother Lash signed with World Championship Wrestling (WCW) after Sid Vicious recommended they sign with the company. In August 1993, they debuted as the tag team Harlem Heat, with Booker renamed Kole and Lash renamed Kane. They became heels and were on Harley Race and Col. Rob Parker's team in the WarGames match at Fall Brawl on September 19 against Sting, Davey Boy Smith, Dustin Rhodes, and The Shockmaster. They lost the match but were over as heels because of the caliber of faces they wrestled.
In 1994, they acquired the services of Sensational Sherri, dubbed 'Sister' Sherri, as their manager and changed their names back to Booker T and Stevie Ray, at their request. By the end of 1994, they held the WCW Tag Team Championship after defeating Stars and Stripes (The Patriot and Marcus Alexander Bagwell) in December. After dropping the title to The Nasty Boys, Harlem Heat regained the belts on June 24, 1995.
Afterward, Harlem Heat got into a feud with Col. Parker's "Stud Stable" of "Dirty" Dick Slater and Bunkhouse Buck. Parker and Sherri were carrying on a love affair and Parker eventually left the Stud Stable in favor of the Heat to be with Sherri. Harlem Heat won the WCW World Tag Team titles at Fall Brawl 1995, defeating Dick Slater and Bunkhouse Buck. Their third title reign only lasted one day, but the duo regained the tag team title nine days later from The American Males (Buff Bagwell and Scotty Riggs). On the June 24, 1996 "Nitro", Harlem Heat defeated Lex Luger and Sting to capture their fifth WCW World Tag Team titles.
Three days after losing the tag team titles to the Steiner Brothers, Harlem Heat regained the straps back from the Steiners on July 27. On September 23, Booker T and Stevie Ray were defeated by Public Enemy (Rocco Rock and Johnny Grunge) but took the titles back for the seventh time on October 1.
They lost the Tag Team Championship to the Outsiders (Kevin Nash and Scott Hall) on October 27. Subsequently, they fired Col. Parker and beat him up and became full-fledged faces. They then entered into a brief feud against Col. Parker's newest team The Amazing French Canadians, a feud they won. In 1997, they feuded with Public Enemy (Grunge & Rocco), The Steiners, and the nWo. In fall 1997, they fired Sherri and added a new manager, Jacqueline. They were briefly put out of action by the nWo and returned to feud with the Faces of Fear (Meng and The Barbarian). Stevie then took five months off from WCW to recover from an ankle injury and Jacqueline left for the WWF.
World Television Champion (1997–1999).
Booker made the transition into singles action and won the WCW World Television Championship from Disco Inferno on the December 29, 1997 episode of "Nitro". Booker feuded over the title with Perry Saturn and Rick Martel culminating in a gauntlet match at SuperBrawl VIII. Martel, the man that was originally supposed to win the match, went down early due to a knee injury, meaning the finish and the remainder of the match had to be called in the ring.
During spring 1998, Booker began feuding with Chris Benoit. Benoit cost Booker the TV title during a match against Fit Finlay. As a result, Booker and Benoit engaged in a "best-of-seven series" with the winner meeting Finlay for the title. After seven matches and interference from Bret Hart and Stevie Ray, Booker T won the series, and on June 14, regained the Television Championship. He was the first African American to hold the WCW World Television Championship and the only one to legitimately win the title (Stevie Ray also held and defended the title while Booker was injured).
Booker scored a clean pinfall victory over Bret Hart on the February 22 edition of "Nitro". The following month, he regained the TV Championship from Scott Steiner, who, in turn, defeated Booker in the finals of the WCW United States Heavyweight Championship tournament. Booker lost the Television title to Rick Steiner a month later at Slamboree.
Harlem Heat reunion (1999–2000).
By mid-1999, Booker had convinced his brother, Stevie Ray, to leave the nWo and reunite Harlem Heat. Harlem Heat defeated Bam Bam Bigelow and Kanyon for the WCW World Tag Team titles at Road Wild. They lost the WCW World Tag Team titles to Barry and Kendall Windham on August 23, but Harlem Heat regained them about a month later at Fall Brawl. When the Filthy Animals were stripped of the WCW World Tag Team belts due to an injury suffered by Rey Mysterio Jr., the title was put up in a three-way dance at Halloween Havoc. Harlem Heat claimed their tenth WCW World Tag Team title defeating Hugh Morrus and Brian Knobs and Konnan and Kidman. By late 1999, a female bodybuilder named Midnight had joined Harlem Heat. Stevie neglected her help and started disputing with Booker over her.
Stevie Ray eventually challenged Midnight in a match that decided whether or not she would stay with Harlem Heat. After being defeated with a surprise small package, Stevie Ray turned on both Booker and Midnight to form Harlem Heat, Inc. with Big T, Kash, and J. Biggs. Stevie Ray and Big T dubbed themselves Harlem Heat 2000. Throughout this period, Huffman was referred to simply as Booker, as Harlem Heat 2000 won the rights to the name "T" in a match with Big T against Booker on February 20, 2000 at SuperBrawl X. Kidman and Booker T defeated Harlem Heat 2000 (Ray and Big T) at Uncensored 2000.
When Vince Russo and Eric Bischoff formed The New Blood, Huffman eventually completely changed his in-ring persona, joining General Rection's military-themed Misfits In Action stable as G.I. Bro, reprising his gimmick from his days in the WWA. He defeated Shawn Stasiak at the Great American Bash in a Boot Camp match. He later returned to the Booker T name.
WCW World Heavyweight Champion (2000–2001).
Huffman was elevated to main event status in 2000. After WCW booker Vince Russo grew disgruntled with Hulk Hogan's politics, he fired Hogan during the live broadcast of Bash at the Beach and announced an impromptu match between Jeff Jarrett and Huffman for the World Title. Huffman won the match, in the process becoming the second ever African American champion in WCW after Ron Simmons. He was then defeated by Kevin Nash on August 28 on "Nitro". He regained the title a few weeks later in a steel cage match with Nash at Fall Brawl, but again lost the title, this time to Vince Russo himself in a cage match (Russo was speared out of the cage by Goldberg and won the title), Russo vacated the title and Booker won it for the third time in a San Francisco 49er Box Match against Jeff Jarrett on the October 2 episode of "Nitro".
Booker's next feud was with Scott Steiner, to whom he eventually lost the title in a Straitjacket steel cage match. Steiner won by TKO when he put an unconscious Booker into the Steiner Recliner at Mayhem. Steiner was WCW's longest reigning champion in years, whilst Booker was briefly out with an injury. Booker returned to the roster and defeated Rick Steiner for the WCW United States Heavyweight Championship at Greed. This made Booker the ninth (and final) WCW Triple Crown winner. On the final episode of "Nitro", he defeated Scott Steiner to win the World title for the fourth time.
Huffman won a total of twenty-one (two more title wins in the WWF making twenty-three) titles in WCW, making him the most decorated athlete in the history of the organization. Booker was also the reigning WCW United States Heavyweight Champion and WCW World Heavyweight Champion when he accepted a contract with the World Wrestling Federation (WWF).
World Wrestling Federation / Entertainment (2001-2007).
The Alliance (2001–2002).
After WCW was bought by the World Wrestling Federation in March 2001, Booker T made his debut at the King of the Ring pay-per-view in 2001 attacking WWF Champion Stone Cold Steve Austin during his match, promptly injuring him in his very first move in the WWF. He later turned heel and became a leading member of The Alliance during the Invasion storyline. During July 2001, in his debut match in the company, Booker defended his WCW World Heavyweight Championship against Buff Bagwell. At InVasion, The Alliance defeated Team WWF when Steve Austin joined the Alliance. On July 26, Booker gave up his WCW United States Title and handed it over to Chris Kanyon. He later lost the WCW World title to Kurt Angle, but he went on to win the title back on the July 30 episode of "Raw". Booker kept the title until SummerSlam, when he lost it to The Rock after feuding with him over the similarity in their gimmicks and their identical finishing moves, the Book End/Rock Bottom. Booker T won the WCW World Tag Team Championship for an eleventh time, this time with Test, and he also had a WWF Tag Team Championship reign with Test. At the Survivor Series, Booker T was eliminated third by The Rock after a roll-up and eventually The Alliance was defeated, causing them to disband.
In its aftermath, Booker remained a heel, and he joined forces with Vince McMahon and The Boss Man in December to feud with Stone Cold Steve Austin. After Booker T cost Austin a match against Chris Jericho for the WWF Undisputed Championship at Vengeance, Austin gained revenge by attacking Booker T in a grocery store by covering him in food.
Booker T's first WrestleMania appearance was at WrestleMania X8 against Edge. They feuded over who would appear in a fictional Japanese shampoo commercial. When the brand extension was introduced in March, Booker T was drafted to the Raw brand. Booker held the Hardcore Championship twice in May 2002, defeating Stevie Richards only to lose it to Crash Holly seconds later. He then re-defeated Crash and dropped the Belt to Stevie Richards a couple minutes later.
Teaming with Goldust (2002–2003).
Goldust began trying to start a tag team with Booker, but Goldust kept costing Booker matches. With the nWo now operating in WWE, Booker T was eventually invited into the faction. His time there was short-lived, when he got (literally) kicked out of the group by Shawn Michaels, who believed Booker T was taking away from his own spotlight. Booker then turned face and found a partnership with Goldust and the pair teamed to battle the nWo. Booker and Goldust had a title shot against The Un-Americans (Christian and Lance Storm) at SummerSlam, but The Un-Americans retained after interference from Test. At No Mercy, Booker and Goldust battled Chris Jericho and Christian for the tag titles, but they lost the match with Jericho using the title belt on Goldust.
He spent the rest of 2002 teaming with Goldust. They won the World Tag Team Championship at Armageddon in a Tag Team Elimination match defeating the teams of Christian and Chris Jericho, Lance Storm and William Regal, and the Dudley Boyz. They held the belts for about three weeks, when they lost them to Regal and Storm. Booker and Goldust lost the rematch and decided to go their separate ways. The gimmick for Booker and Goldust was Goldust being a strange, yet dependable ally who Booker eventually warmed up to after initial skepticism. By 2003, however, Booker T's popularity had soared and he amicably separated from Goldust, at Goldust's request, in order to pursue the World Heavyweight Championship. In February 2003, he eliminated The Rock to win a battle royal for the number one contendership, granting him a title shot at WrestleMania XIX.
Booker targeted Evolution after Batista and Randy Orton attacked Booker's former partner, Goldust. Several weeks before WrestleMania, the incumbent champion and Evolution's leader, Triple H, cut a controversial promo on Booker T. Triple H downplayed Booker T's WCW success, pointing out that the WCW Championship had been held by non-wrestlers like Vince Russo and actor David Arquette calling WCW and its title "a joke". He said that "people like" Booker T would never win world championships in WWE. This promo is also often interpreted as racist as Triple H also made reference to Booker T's "nappy" hair and comments implying that Booker T was just in WWE to dance and entertain for "people like" Triple H. During the WrestleMania XIX press conference Michael Cole asked Triple H as to whether he had deliberately cut a racist promo, Triple H claimed this was not the case and that he was just referring to Booker's criminal past. A week later, Booker attacked Triple H in the bathroom, laying him out. However, Booker T lost to Triple H at WrestleMania XIX. For several weeks, he teamed with Shawn Michaels and Kevin Nash in a feud against Triple H, Ric Flair, and Chris Jericho. At Backlash, Booker's team lost when Triple H pinned Nash after a sledgehammer shot.
Intercontinental Champion (2003–2005).
Afterward, Booker set his sights on the Intercontinental Championship. After losing a battle royal for the title at Judgment Day, Booker feuded with the champion Christian. After a few matches, Booker defeated him to become the new champion. About a month later, because of a nagging back injury, Booker lost the Intercontinental title back to Christian at a non-televised house show. Booker, meanwhile, was out of action until October.
When Booker returned in 2003, he announced he would be on Team Austin at the Survivor Series which would determine if Eric Bischoff or Steve Austin would be the General Manager of "Raw". Booker's team lost the match, so Austin lost his position as Co-General Manager of "Raw". Booker then entered a feud with Mark Henry, the man who eliminated him in the Survivor Series match. Booker defeated Henry at Armageddon.
On the February 16, 2004 episode of "Raw", Booker T and Rob Van Dam defeated Ric Flair and Batista for the World Tag Team Championship. Booker and Van Dam held the titles for a month, even defending the belts at WrestleMania XX in a 4 Corners tag team match. Eight days later on the March 22 episode of "Raw", they lost tag team titles to Flair and Batista. He ended up turning on Rob Van Dam, turning heel in the process.
On March 23, 2004 he was "traded" (along with the Dudley Boyz) to the "SmackDown!" brand in exchange for Triple H, but as part of a new storyline, he appeared unhappy with the move. Later on, Booker T bragged about how he was the biggest star on "SmackDown!" and feuded with The Undertaker. Booker tried to utilize voodoo magic to try to overcome his "supernatural" foe; however, it did nothing to prevent him from losing to the Undertaker at Judgment Day.
In mid-2004, Booker T set his sights on the United States Championship along with its champion, John Cena. After Cena got on the bad side of General Manager Kurt Angle, he did his best to get the title away from Cena. Cena successfully defended the title at The Great American Bash in a four-way elimination match against Booker, René Duprée, and Rob Van Dam. After Cena was stripped of his title by Angle for "laying a hand" on the GM, Booker took advantage of the situation and won an eight-man elimination match to win the vacant United States Championship, in a match that also featured Cena, Dupree, Billy Gunn, Charlie Haas, Luther Reigns, Kenzo Suzuki and Van Dam. Booker won by last eliminating both Cena and Van Dam in the course of less than 10 seconds After Angle was fired by Mr. McMahon for embellishing his injuries, Theodore Long began his first tenure as Smackdown GM, and booked a best-of-five series of matches for the United States Championship between Booker and Cena. The first match took place at SummerSlam in Toronto and saw Cena gain the pinfall victory to go up 1-0 in the series. Booker would bounce back and win the next two matches, on the August 24 edition of Smackdown in Fresno, CA and a live event the next night in Sydney, AU, to take a 2-1 lead. The next match in the series wouldn't come until the September 16 Smackdown from Spokane, WA, where Cena won and tied the series at two apiece. The series culminated at No Mercy, where Cena won the series 3-2, and thusly, the US Title.
On October 21, "SmackDown!" General Manager Theodore Long placed Booker in a six man tag team match with Rob Van Dam and Rey Mysterio against John "Bradshaw" Layfield (JBL), René Duprée, and Kenzo Suzuki. JBL expected Booker to betray his partners, but instead Booker pinned him, thus turning face again. Booker T faced JBL for the WWE Championship at the Survivor Series on November 14, but lost after he was hit in the head with the championship belt. The next night, Booker T demanded a rematch, citing Orlando Jordan's interference. He was then joined by Eddie Guerrero and The Undertaker who also wanted a shot at JBL's title, prompting Theodore Long to make a Fatal Four way match for the WWE Championship at Armageddon. Once again, Booker failed to win the title, as JBL retained it. He then briefly teamed with Eddie Guerrero and feuded with Heidenreich.
Booker won a 30-Man Battle Royal dark match at WrestleMania 21 last eliminating Raw's Viscera and "The Masterpiece" Chris Masters. Subsequently, Booker was part of the tournament to name a new number one contender and made it to the Final Four. After Kurt Angle eliminated Booker, he returned the favor, costing Angle the match against JBL. The storyline then turned to a sexual nature, as Angle began stalking Booker's new wife, Sharmell. Booker defeated Angle at Judgment Day. On the May 26 episode of "SmackDown!", Booker participated in a "Winners Choice" Battle Royal, with the winner choosing his opponent for the next week. Kurt Angle won and wanted to wrestle Sharmell. Booker protested, and the match was made into a Handicap match. Angle won by pinning Sharmell in a sexual position. The next week, Booker gained revenge on Angle, defeating him with a Scissors Kick.
United States Champion (2005–2006).
Booker T began teaming with Chris Benoit, eying the United States Championship again. Meanwhile, after a series of matches with MNM, Sharmell introduced some villainous characteristics unknown to Booker. Benoit was allowed to pick his next challenger to see who would face him at No Mercy, so Booker, Christian, and Orlando Jordan tried to impress Benoit by winning matches. He could not choose, so he made it a Fatal Four-way for No Mercy, where Benoit successfully defended his title. On the October 21 episode of "SmackDown!", Booker T defeated Benoit for the United States Championship, due to an unseen assist from Sharmell. Theodore Long later showed footage of Sharmell interfering in Booker's matches. Later, Booker and Sharmell went to apologize to Benoit and give him a rematch, but instead, he attacked Benoit, and busted him open with the U.S. title officially turning heel once again. Booker then boasted that he had been fully aware of what Sharmell had been doing and had been playing dumb to fool everyone.
On November 25, Booker T fought against Benoit for the United States Championship. The match ended when Benoit superplexed Booker and two referees made a three count on either competitor, claiming that their wrestler had won. Booker was stripped of the belt by Theodore Long, because of the confusion of who won since they pinned each other at the same time. Long decided to put Benoit and Booker against each other in a best of seven series, just as the two had in their WCW days. Booker took an early 3–0 lead. In a must win match during Armageddon, Benoit was able to defeat Booker T to bring the series to 3–1. At a house show on December 2, however, Booker was injured, and he did not wrestle again until after the "Best of Seven" series with Benoit was completed. Booker was scheduled to face Benoit in Match 5 of the Best of Seven Series at the "SmackDown!" tapings the following night. At the beginning of the show, General Manager Theodore Long said that Booker would have to forfeit. Both Booker and Benoit protested, with Benoit not wanting a cheap victory. Booker managed to persuade Long to allow him to choose a stand-in for the matches. At the time, Orlando Jordan had been feuding most with Benoit and wanted another shot at him. However, Booker instead chose Randy Orton as his replacement. Benoit was able to beat Orton in two matches. Orton, however, was able to defeat Benoit in the final match to win the series and the title for Booker T, who held the title until No Way Out where Benoit won it back.
After losing the title, Booker was involved in a feud with The Boogeyman, who continually scared Booker and Sharmell over the next few weeks. The feud culminated in a match at WrestleMania 22 on April 2, where both Booker and Sharmell lost to the Boogeyman in a handicap match. The feud came to an end on the April 7 episode of "SmackDown!" where it was announced that Booker and his wife had taken out a restraining order on the Boogeyman.
King of the Ring and World Heavyweight Champion (2006–2007).
Booker next entered the King of the Ring tournament on "SmackDown!", advancing through to the finals due to a bye as his semi-final opponent, Kurt Angle, was unable to wrestle. The finals were held at Judgment Day where Booker defeated Bobby Lashley. Upon winning the King of the Ring tournament, Booker began wrestling as "King Booker" and began acting like he was an actual monarch ruling of "The SmackDown! Kingdom". Booker formed a royal court which included his wife, Queen Sharmell, Sir William Regal, and Sir Finlay, and began including the mannerisms and attire of a stereotypical English-style king as part of the character, all the way down to wearing a crown and cape and speaking in a fake English accent. (It was perhaps, then, fitting that Booker's court was composed of a native Englishman (Regal) and a native Northern Irishman (Finlay); both England and Northern Ireland are part of the United Kingdom.) However, whenever King Booker would get angry he would launch into a tirade in the style of Booker T, which lent some comedic aspect to the character as well. King Booker even went as far as having Lashley kiss his "royal" feet.
After gaining his title of King, Booker continued to feud with Lashley. After Lashley defeated JBL for the United States Championship at the end of May, Booker began chasing after the title and even resorted to making Lashley kiss his "royal feet" on the June 2 "SmackDown". The feud ended after a steel cage match on the June 30 "SmackDown" where Lashley escaped to retain the United States title.
The next week, King Booker entered a battle royal on "SmackDown" with the winner to challenge Rey Mysterio for his World Heavyweight Championship at The Great American Bash. Booker won the match and then defeated Mysterio after Chavo Guerrero turned on the champion by hitting him with a steel chair. This was Booker's first world championship since joining WWE and the win caused him to proclaim himself as the ""King of the World"". This win would also make Booker the sixteenth Triple Crown Champion and eighth Grand Slam Champion in the history of the WWE.
After Booker won, he began a rivalry with the returning former champion Batista, who vowed to regain the title he was forced to forfeit due to injury. King Booker lost to Batista by disqualification at SummerSlam after Queen Sharmell interfered on his behalf. However, he defeated Batista at No Mercy in a match that also included Finlay and Bobby Lashley. After the match, King Booker assaulted Sir Regal, resulting in the complete breakup of the King's Court and leaving Booker alone.
In spite of the break-up of his Court, King Booker defeated Batista on the October 20 episode on "SmackDown", due to interference from WWE Champion John Cena from "Raw" and ECW World Champion Big Show, the two of whom King Booker was to face at Cyber Sunday in a "champion of champions" match. The fans voted for the king's World Heavyweight Championship to be on the line, and Booker retained after defeating Cena with help from Kevin Federline.
After "Cyber Sunday", the feud between King Booker and Batista continued with Batista unable to wrest the title from Booker. Eventually this led to a match at Survivor Series on November 26, where King Booker declared that if Batista failed to defeat him this time, it would be the last World Heavyweight Championship match he would receive. On the night of the show, an additional stipulation was added by "SmackDown" General Manager Theodore Long where if King Booker got counted out or disqualified, Batista would become champion. Late in the match, Queen Sharmell handed King Booker his title belt while referee Nick Patrick was not looking. While she had Patrick distracted, the King attempted to hit Batista with the belt. Batista moved out of the way, knocked the belt out of Booker's hands, picked it back up, and used it himself to hit the champion in the head. An unconscious King Booker was pinned shortly afterward and lost his World Heavyweight Championship. After losing the World title, Booker feuded alongside former royal court member Finlay against Batista and John Cena, which led up to Armageddon where they lost.
While competing in the Royal Rumble match, Booker was eliminated by Kane. A frustrated Booker returned to the ring illegally and eliminated Kane. This started a short feud between the two resulting in a match at No Way Out, which Kane won. King Booker won a Money in the Bank qualifying match, defeating Kane (with assistance from The Great Khali) and earned himself a spot in the match at WrestleMania 23. At WrestleMania, Matt Hardy set up Sharmell for a Twist of Fate during the Money in the Bank match with the briefcase in King Booker's grasp - thus forcing him to choose between a guaranteed title shot and his wife. He chose to defend his Queen and lost the match. On the April 6 episode of "SmackDown!", Booker attempted to take revenge. However, he lost the match against Matt Hardy, and Sharmell declared her disappointment in him and slapped him. In an attempt to impress his Queen, King Booker attacked The Undertaker but was Tombstoned on an announce table. Booker was removed from television to deal with a knee injury.
Feud with Triple H (2007).
On the June 11 episode of "Raw", King Booker (along with Queen Sharmell) was drafted from "SmackDown!" to "Raw" as part of the WWE Draft. On July 16, King Booker came to the ring using Triple H's theme music ""The King of Kings"", even using his video. King Booker declared that neither Triple H nor Jerry Lawler could be known as "The King". Booker began a feud with Lawler, defeating him on the August 6 episode of "Raw" where the loser had to crown the winner the next week. When the time came, Lawler refused, declaring that Triple H was still a king and announcing that King Booker would battle Triple H at SummerSlam. Booker attacked Lawler, throwing him into the ring post and hitting him with a TV monitor. At SummerSlam, Booker lost to the returning Triple H. On the August 27 episode of "Raw", Booker wrestled his last match in WWE against WWE Champion John Cena in a non-title match, which he lost by disqualification when Randy Orton interfered.
In August, he was linked to Signature Pharmacy, a company thought to be distributing performance enhancing drugs. He was suspended by WWE for violating its Wellness Policy. He denied using any drugs and being a customer of Signature Pharmacy. In October 2007, Booker T requested his and Sharmell's release from their WWE contracts, which WWE granted.
Total Nonstop Action Wrestling (2007-2010).
Feud with Robert Roode (2007–2008).
At the Genesis pay-per-view on November 11, 2007, Huffman debuted in Total Nonstop Action Wrestling (TNA) as Sting's mystery partner in a tag team match against Kurt Angle and Kevin Nash for the World Heavyweight Championship, reverting to his Booker T character. His wife, Sharmell also debuted, interfering in the match on Booker and Sting's behalf when Karen Angle interfered on behalf of Kurt Angle and Nash.
On the November 29 episode of "Impact!", Booker said he came to TNA to test his skills against the young talent, take TNA to a higher level, and win the World Heavyweight Championship. Robert Roode came to the ring and challenged Booker to a match, claiming he has been pushed down by washed-up wrestlers and has-beens. Booker won his "Impact!" debut match, but afterwards, Christian Cage and Robert Roode beat down Booker until Kaz made the save. At Turning Point, Booker and Kaz defeated Roode and Cage when Booker pinned Cage. Booker and Sharmell won a mixed tag team match against Robert Roode and Ms. Brooks at Final Resolution. After the match, Roode punched Sharmell in the face, leading to a match at Against All Odds. While the punch was intended to be a work, Roode had in fact made contact with Sharmell during the punch, dislocating her jaw and causing her to be off TV for a few weeks, therefore making it into a shoot. The rivalry, however, went ahead as planned where Booker and Roode wrestled to a double-countout at Against All Odds, which saw them brawl to the parking lot. Roode defeated Booker in strap match at Destination X after hitting Booker with a pair of handcuffs. In a special live episode of "Impact!", Booker T and Robert Roode had another outing, this time with the fans being able to vote on the stipulation of the match. At Booker's request during a pre-match promo, the match became a First Blood Match, beating the Last Man Standing and I Quit stipulations. Booker T would go on to win the match-up. At Lockdown, Booker T and Sharmell defeated Robert Roode and Payton Banks after Sharmell pinned Banks with a roll-up.
The Main Event Mafia (2008–2009).
Booker T turned heel for the first time in TNA at Sacrifice by attacking Christian Cage and Rhino from behind with a steel chair. This came about as a result of losing a tag team match up against Christian Cage and Rhino, with them furthering themselves in the Deuces Wild Tag Team Tournament. Booker then competed in the King of the Mountain match for the World Heavyweight Championship at Slammiversary. He was seconds away from winning the match, when Kevin Nash stopped him and performed a Jackknife Powerbomb; Samoa Joe would later go on to win the match. On the next "Impact!", Booker challenged Joe to a title match at Victory Road, which Joe would later accept. Also around this time he reverted to a gimmick similar to his King Booker gimmick albeit while proclaiming himself a supposed king of Africa. The match at Victory Road ended in a draw after Sharmell replaced the referee and counted after the match was already over. At Hard Justice, Samoa Joe defeated Booker after a guitar shot, thus reclaiming physical possession of the title belt, which Booker had kept after Victory Road. Later he introduced the TNA Legends Championship (which is now the TNA Television Championship) and became the first official champion and defended it on numerous occasions before losing it to A.J. Styles.
Booker would then go on to form the Mafia's resident tag team with Scott Steiner, and at Victory Road, Steiner and Booker defeated Beer Money, Inc. to win the TNA World Tag Team Championship (marking Booker's 15th World Tag Team title reign overall). Then at Hard Justice, Booker T and Steiner retained the World Tag Team Championship against Team 3D. Prior to No Surrender, Booker and Steiner and British Invasion won a match to gain the man advantage at No Surrender's Lethal Lockdown match against Team 3D and Beer Money, Inc. Even with the man advantage, Booker T and Scott Steiner along with British Invasion lost to Team 3D and Beer Money at No Surrender when James Storm of Beer Money pinned Doug Williams of The British Invasion. At Bound for Glory Booker and Steiner lost the TNA World Tag Team Titles to the British Invasion in a four way Full Metal Mayhem Tag Team match, which also included Team 3D and Beer Money; during the match Booker was taken out on a stretcher. Afterwards it was reported that the PPV had been Booker's final appearance with the company, and his and Sharmell's profiles were removed from the official TNA roster. On May 21, 2010, Booker T made a one night return to TNA at a live event in Lake Charles, Louisiana, replacing A.J. Styles, who was unable to attend the event due to travel issues, and wrestling Rob Van Dam for the TNA World Heavyweight Championship in a losing effort.
Puerto Rico and Mexico (2009–2010).
Booker T debuted in the International Wrestling Association on "Histeria Boricua", a special event held on January 6, 2009. There he was booked against Chicano, the incumbent IWA Undisputed Heavyweight Champion. The match was won by Cotto, who reversed a "Book End" attempt and scored a pinfall victory. On July 11, 2010, Booker T was booked by World Wrestling Council in a match against Carlito who also involved Orlando Colón and El Mesias. On September 16, 2010, Booker T made his debut for Mexican promotion Perros del Mal. In the main event of the evening he teamed up with Dr. Wagner, Jr. and El Mesías, who represented rival promotion Asistencia Asesoría y Administración (AAA), against El Hijo del Perro Aguayo, Damián 666 and Halloween. After Aguayo had pinned El Mesías, Booker turned on Wagner, unmasked him and joined Perros del Mal.
Return to WWE (2011-presents).
Commentator and feud with Cody Rhodes (2011–2012).
On January 30, 2011 Booker T returned to WWE to take part in the Royal Rumble. Booker entered the match at number 21 and was eliminated by Mason Ryan.
At the February 1 taping of "SmackDown", Huffman debuted as the show's new color commentator, working beside Josh Mathews and Michael Cole, replacing Matt Striker. He works as a Face character. He was also announced as a coach for the returning "Tough Enough" competition, and at Elimination Chamber he introduced Trish Stratus as a fellow coach. On the June 6 episode of "Raw", Booker wrestled his first match on the brand in four years, gaining a victory against Jack Swagger by count out.
On the November 21 episode of "Raw", Cody Rhodes threw water in Booker T’s face after Rhodes allegedly heard Booker T criticize him, thus starting a conflict between the two. On the November 29 episode of "SmackDown" Booker was scheduled to face Rhodes in a match but it did not happen after Rhodes attacked him from behind him during a backstage interview. On the December 9 episode of '"SmackDown", Rhodes attacked Booker again while heading to the announcer's table leaving him with paramedics. Later that night, Booker T attacked Rhodes during his match with Daniel Bryan, leading to an Intercontinental Championship match at , which Rhodes won. On the December 26 episode of "Raw", Booker defeated Rhodes in a non-title match. On the January 6, 2012, episode of "SmackDown", Booker challenged Rhodes a second time for the Intercontinental Championship, but once again failed to win the title. Booker T along with fellow commentators Jerry Lawler and Michael Cole all participated in the "2012 Royal Rumble."
On the March 26, 2012 episode of "Raw", Booker T saved Teddy Long from an attempted attack by Mark Henry, thus becoming the sixth and final member of Team Teddy at WrestleMania XXVIII, where Team Johnny emerged victorious. On the July 9 episode of "Raw", Jerry Lawler won by pinfall against Michael Cole in a WrestleMania XXVII rematch. However, Booker, who was subbing for Lawler on commentary, threw Cole back into the ring after he tried to escape. This caused the anonymous Raw General Manager to reverse the decision and give Cole the win as a result of a disqualification.
SmackDown General Manager and Hall of Famer (2012–present).
On July 31, 2012, it was announced on WWE.com that Booker T was the new General Manager of "SmackDown". Booker would quickly add Eve Torres and Theodore Long to his staff, as his assistant and senior adviser respectively. It was announced on the March 18, 2013 episode of "Raw" that Booker would be inducted into the WWE Hall of Fame. He was inducted by his brother, Stevie Ray the night before Wrestlemania XXIX. On the April 19 episode of "SmackDown", Booker became angry with Long for making matches without his consent, only for Big Show to arrive and thank Long for doing a better job than Booker, further infuriating him. On the April 22 episode of "Raw", he again became upset with Long for making a match for the World Heavyweight Championship at Extreme Rules, retaliating by making it a triple threat match. Booker then went on hiatus due to a torn distal triceps, on which he had surgery to repair it on June 12. On the July 19 episode of "SmackDown", Booker returned to continue his duties as "SmackDown" General Manager, only to lose the position to Vickie Guerrero after an announcement by Vince McMahon. After losing his position as the general manager, Booker T has mostly done pre-show commentary from time to time.
Other media.
In 2000, Booker appeared in the film "Ready to Rumble" as himself. He has appeared in an episode of "Charmed", called "Wrestling with Demons" alongside Buff Bagwell and Scott Steiner. In 2001, along with several other WWF superstars, Booker competed on an episode of "The Weakest Link", being eliminated second from the show. He also has appeared on Comedy Central and MTV.
On January 13, 2004, the album "WWE Originals" was released, featuring Booker T performing "Can You Dig It?". On April 21, 2007, Booker began hosting a radio show titled "Tea Time with King Booker" on KBME 790 AM in Houston. During the week of November 5, 2007, he appeared on "Family Feud" with several other WWE superstars.
Video games.
Booker T has appeared in twenty-four video games, those being ', "TNA IMPACT!", "WCW Nitro", "WCW/nWo Thunder", "WCW/nWo Revenge", "WCW Mayhem", "WCW Backstage Assault", "WWE Raw 2", "WWE SmackDown! Shut Your Mouth", "WWE SmackDown! Here Comes the Pain", "WWE Crush Hour", "WWE SmackDown! vs. RAW", "WWE SmackDown! vs. RAW 2006", "WWE SmackDown vs. Raw 2007", "WWE SmackDown vs. Raw 2008", "WWE Road to WrestleMania X8", WWE Survivor Series, "WWE WrestleMania X8", "WWE WrestleMania XIX", "WWE WrestleMania 21", "WWE Day of Reckoning", "WWE Day of Reckoning 2", "WWE '12'WWE '13".
Books.
On September 1, 2012, Booker released his first autobiography, "Booker T: From Prison to Promise", with Medallion Press. Booker T made appearances to promote the book with The Score Television Network with Arda Ocal which aired on August 29, 2012. He conducted a sixteen-page interview with "Pro Wrestling Illustrated" in the 2012 volume #50 issue.
Personal life.
Relationships and family.
Booker married his first wife Levestia on May 23, 1996. Booker presented her to the "Nitro" crowd the night after his WCW World Heavyweight Championship win at Bash at the Beach. Levestia was also used to further the feud between himself and Jeff Jarrett when Jarrett hit her in the head with a guitar. However, they divorced on May 8, 2001.
Booker has a son from a previous marriage, Brandon, with whom he has a strained relationship due to his time spent on the road. Booker married his girlfriend of five years, Sharmell Sullivan, in February 2005. The couple welcomed their twins, a boy and a girl, on August 5, 2010. Booker and his brother Lash opened a wrestling school in Houston in 2005. Booker T is also a big fan of Formula One, and was in attendance at the 2012 U.S Grand Prix to support the 2008 Formula One World Champion Lewis Hamilton.
Backstage problems.
Huffman had backstage problems in 2006 at a SummerSlam pay-per-view commercial shoot. It was reported on WWE.com that Huffman got into a real life fist fight with Dave Batista. The fight was believed to stem from the idea that Batista considered himself to be better than the rest of the roster due to his main event status and relatively quick climb to achieve it. According to sources backstage, both men were left bloodied and bruised, however Booker was said to have won and been praised by many wrestlers in the back for speaking his mind to Batista about his attitude.
Championships and accomplishments.
1Booker T's fifth WCW World Heavyweight Championship reign overall and first under the WWF banner, where it was known as the WCW Championship.
2Booker T's eleventh WCW World Tag Team Championship reign overall and first under the WWF banner.

</doc>
<doc id="18723340" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18723340" title="Montalba">
Montalba

Montalba may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18723341" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18723341" title="Sacul">
Sacul

Sacul may refer to the following:

</doc>
<doc id="18723349" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18723349" title="Bivins">
Bivins

Bivins is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="18723408" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18723408" title="River View Observer">
River View Observer

River View Observer is a monthly newspaper, published in Hudson County, New Jersey, and owned by Ad Vantage Publishing Inc., which also publishes the Bayonne Observer newspaper. It began publication in 1998.
The River View Observer is one of the first niche publications to cover the Hudson County waterfront market.
The Observer devotes a substantial amount of space to editorial contributions from readers.
It includes sections such as Art Views (which highlights unknown and emerging artists), Live on Stage (which highlights new playwrights and theater groups), and River View Profile (which gives a voice to independent film directors, actors, and politicians). The Business Profile column highlights small business owners.
The River View Observer's focus of coverage is on what is commonly referred to as the "Gold Coast Area", a stretch of waterfront land running from Bayonne, Jersey City, Hoboken, West New York, North Bergen and Guttenberg with Cliffside Park and Edgwater to the north of Hudson County. It also covers the waterfront of Secaucus New Jersey, and in recent years has also moved with distribution and mail to inner city locations.
The River View Observer is an associate member of the New Jersey Press Association.

</doc>
<doc id="18723419" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18723419" title="Lamon Records">
Lamon Records

Lamon Records is an indie record label, originally established in North Carolina, now based in Nashville, Tennessee. Known primarily as an artist development label, Lamon Records Nashville usually concentrates its efforts in Country, Bluegrass, Alternative and Americana music genres, as well as all forms of Christian music.
History.
Lamon Records was started in 1962 by Dwight and Lucille (Cathy) Moody. The label's first record was a 4-song EP fundraiser for a local church where Dwight Moody was the pastor. The Moodys' sons, Carlton Moody, Dave Moody and Trent Moody, known as The Moody Brothers were nominated for a Grammy Award for their instrumental performance of the classic fiddle tune "Cotton Eyed Joe". This record established Lamon as an international label. The trio of brothers would be nominated for a second Grammy on the Lamon family label in 1990 and win three International Country Music Awards in Europe. 
Then, Disney offered The Moody Brothers a featured concert performance role at Disneyland Paris in France when the park and entertainment complex opened in 1992. The Moody Brothers performed for over 50 million guests during their time with Disney in France. 
Dave Moody returned to America in 1998 to head up the family label. The company moved its headquarters from Charlotte, NC to Nashville, TN in 2008.
In 2004, celebrating the company's multi Dove Award nominations, three generations of the Moody family performed on the Grand Ole Opry, when founder Fiddlin' Dwight Moody joined his sons and grandchildren Joshua and Rebecca for a performance. 
Lamon Records celebrated 50 years as an indie label in 2012 with performances by several of its label artists on WSM Radio's Midnite Jamboree, broadcast live from the Ernest Tubb Record Shop in Nashville.
Notable Awards and Releases.
In addition to the Moody Brothers' two Grammy Award nominations, Lamon's artists, producers and songwriters have won eight Dove Awards and over sixty Dove Award nominations from the members of the Gospel Music Association since 2002.
In 1989, the Moodys and Lamon recorded an album in Prague, Czechoslovakia with Jiri Brabec and Country Beat. The album "Friends" was the first such cooperative production between an American company and what was then a communist state-owned record label Supraphon. The project won the artists, producers, engineers and studios the Ampex Golden Reel Award.
In 2007, Lamon's Americana recording artist Chris Berardo and the DesBerardos had their album "Ignoring All The Warning Signs..." produced by Dave Moody and Dick Neal, recognized on XM Radio's Year-end Top 40 X-Country Album Chart.
Since 2009, Lamon has released original motion picture soundtrack albums for Elevating Entertainment Motion Pictures, including ', ', and "Season of Miracles". 
In 2010, producers Dave Moody and Colin Elliott from the Irish group Live Issue recorded the album "Old Fashioned Hymns and Gospel Songs...for Those Who Miss Them" with George Hamilton IV and musical guests Ricky Skaggs, Marty Stuart, Gail Davis, Pat Boone, Del McCoury, Charlie Pride, Bill Anderson, Connie Smith, Tommy Cash, Cliff Barrows, George Beverly Shea and many others. The track "I'm Using My Bible for a Roadmap" featuring Del McCoury and The Moody Brothers was nominated for a 2011 Dove Award by the members of the Gospel Music Association.
In 2012 and 2013, Lamon Records was nominated as Country Record Label of the Year by New Music Weekly, a nationally distributed trade magazine for the radio and music industries. 

</doc>
<doc id="18723430" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18723430" title="Tepastenam">
Tepastenam

Tepastenam was a respected leader of the Pimicikamak indigenous people in the 19th century. He was born about 1805. From oral history accounts he may have been a Midewiwin leader or Kiseman. The record of his baptism in 1875 describes him as "A noted conjurer for many years, who long resisted the teachings of Christianity."
Family.
Tepastenam's family had its wintering grounds at "John Scott's Lake". This has been identified as Setting Lake on the Grass River. He and his family members traded at Nelson House until 1843. Later he began trading at Norway House. Beginning in 1861, some of his children and grandchildren were baptized at Rossville.
English name.
In 1875, Tepastenam was baptized Donald William Sinclair Ross. He was listed in the 1881 register of the Cross Lake Methodist congregation as "chief" and his wife May was listed as "chiefess". He first appears on the government of Canada paylist as "chief" in 1876. However, he "was a leader both before and after entered treaty.".
Treaty 5.
Tepastenam was notable as the lead signatory to Treaty 5 on behalf of the Pimicikamak people on September 24, 1875 in Norway House. Neither of the other two signatories matched his stature as a leader of the Pimicikamak people. His mark X granted Treaty rights to the Crown in an area of the Northwest Territories that was twice the size of the Province of Manitoba at the time.

</doc>
<doc id="18723433" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18723433" title="Duncan Free">
Duncan Free

Duncan Free, (born 25 May 1973) is an Australian rower and Olympic medallist. Free was born in Hobart, Tasmania but currently lives on Queensland's Gold Coast.
Free was a member of Australia's quad sculls team at the 1996, 2000 and 2004 Olympic Games winning a bronze medal at Atlanta in 1996. After the Athens Games, he took a year off before switching to sweep rowing and establishing a partnership with gold medallist Drew Ginn in the coxless pair. They won the world championships in 2006 and 2007 and the gold medal at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing. Free also won the Henley Diamond Sculls in 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="18723452" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18723452" title="Feng Yong">
Feng Yong

Feng Yong (born 1985-12-19 in Henan) is a male Chinese Olympic racing cyclist, who will competed for China at the 2008 Summer Olympics in the team sprint event.

</doc>
<doc id="18723454" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18723454" title="Balakend">
Balakend

Balakend or Balakənd may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18723467" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18723467" title="Li Wenhao">
Li Wenhao

Li Wenhao (; born 26 May 1989 in Tieling, Liaoning) is a male Chinese Olympic cyclist. He competed for Team China at the 2008 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="18723468" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18723468" title="Cortlandt F. Bishop">
Cortlandt F. Bishop

Cortlandt Field Bishop (November 24, 1870 – March 30, 1935) was an American pioneer aviator, balloonist, autoist, book collector, and traveler.
Biography.
He was born on November 24, 1870.
He earned an A.B. from Columbia University in 1891, an A.M. in 1892, a Ph.D. in 1893, and an LL.B. in 1894. 
In 1893 he published a book on American colonial voting practices.
As president of the Aero Club of America, Bishop offered a $250 prize in 1909 to the first four persons who could fly one kilometer.
He died on March 30, 1935 in Lenox, Massachusetts.
Legacy.
His book collection was sold after his death.

</doc>
<doc id="18723474" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18723474" title="Henri Guillaume Galeotti">
Henri Guillaume Galeotti

Henri Guillaume Galeotti (10 September 1814 – 1858) was a French-Belgian botanist and geologist of Italian parentage born in Paris. He specialized in the study of the family Cactaceae.
He studied geology and natural history at the "Etablissement Géographique de Bruxelles", where he graduated in 1835 with an award-winning dissertation on the geology of Brabant. After graduation, he spent the next five years in Mexico performing geological and botanical research. Here he collected numerous new species of plants, particularly cacti. 
In 1840 Galeotti was offered a position teaching botany at the University of Brussels, but turned down the offer, preferring to work at his nursery outside of Brussels, from where he imported Mexican flora for sell in Europe. During this time period, he collaborated with botanist Martin Martens (1797-1863) on scientific study of species native to Mexico. In 1853 he became director of the "Jardin botanique de Bruxelles" (Botanical Garden of Brussels), a position he maintained until his death in 1858 from tuberculosis.
In 1852 he became editor of the "Journal d'Horticulture Pratique", and in 1857 created the "Bulletin de la Société Royale d’Horticulture de Belgique et du Jardin botanique de Bruxelles". After Galeotti's death in 1858, his personal Mexican herbarium was purchased from his widow by the "Jardin botanique de Bruxelles".
In August 1838, while in Mexico, he and a group of other botanists explored the slopes of Pico de Orizaba, the tallest mountain in Mexico. The genus "Galeottia" of the family Orchidaceae is named in his honor.

</doc>
<doc id="18723496" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18723496" title="International rankings of India">
International rankings of India

The following are international rankings of India.
Communications.
Following rankings involving technological advances in communication are taken from the CIA World Factbook.

</doc>
<doc id="18723501" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18723501" title="Cerebellothalamic tract">
Cerebellothalamic tract

The cerebellothalamic tract also known as the "dentatothalamic tract" or the "tractus cerebellothalamicus", is part of the superior cerebellar peduncle. It originates in the cerebellar nuclei, crosses completely in the decussation of the brachium conjunctivum, bypasses the red nucleus, and terminates in parts of the ventral anterior nucleus, ventral intermediate, ventral posterolateral nucleus, and central lateral nuclei of the thalamus. 
It is mostly separated from the pallidothalamic tracts.
It can play a role in mediating symptoms in hereditary dystonia.
The term "cerebellothalamocortical pathway" is used to indicate termination in the cerebral cortex.
Function.
The cerebellothalamic tract transmits information from the cerebellum to the thalamus via neural impulses for the sensory systems.

</doc>
<doc id="18723504" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18723504" title="Jerry Horan">
Jerry Horan

Jeremiah J. Horan (aka Jerry Horan) (May 1886-April 28, 1937) was an organized crime figure and President of the Building Service Employees International Union from 1927 until his death in 1937. Although praised by newspapers for reducing the level of overt violence and graft which plagued the union under his predecessor, William Quesse, Horan nonetheless still engaged in bribery, extortion, physical intimidation, and other crimes, and permitted George Scalise (his successor) to enter and rise within the organization. Horan established the kickback scheme whereby Scalise would eventually loot the union treasury of millions of dollars in member dues.
Early years.
Jerry Horan was born to John and Mary Horan McLeod in May 1886. He was one of eight children, and raised a Roman Catholic.
He married the former Nonie Corbett, and the couple had a daughter, Helen.
He became a lifelong member of the Loyal Order of Moose, the Knights of Columbus, and the Benevolent and Protective Order of Elks.
Early organized crime involvement.
By the time he was in his mid 30s, Jerry Horan had been heavily involved in organized crime for several years. He owned a saloon near the corner of South Wood Street and West Van Buren Street in Chicago (the site is now a parking lot opposite Malcolm X College). Horan led a gang of bombers, gunmen and "sluggers" (men who would beat others to intimidate them) which was in the employ of various organized crime outfits and labor unions. Among his clients were mobster and labor leader Timothy "Big Tim" Murphy, mobster Fred Mader, and mobster and labor leader Cornelius Shea (who was international president of the International Brotherhood of Teamsters).
Horan was hired by his uncle, BSEIU President William Quesse, as an organizer in 1921. His primary job, however, was to act as Quesse's chauffeur.
On May 6, 1922, Horan, Shea, Murphy, and five other labor leaders and labor racketeers were arrested and charged with the murder of a Chicago police officer. Horan was accidentally released, and went into hiding—although the press reported that he had turned state's evidence and been freed for rendering assistance. On May 24, the state asked for nolle prosequi and the court agreed to withdraw the indictments. Horan was indicted a second time a short time later on the same charges. Although Horan was later identified by eyewitness testimony as a co-conspirator with Murphy, Shea and Mader in planning bombings, murders, and beatings, the state withdrew these charges as well.
By 1924, Horan had become a Republican and was active in GOP politics in Illinois, supporting Governor Len Small.
BSEIU presidency.
Oscar Nelson, who had succeeded Quesse as president of BSEIU in February 1927, resigned his union office for health reasons on September 3, 1927. Jerry Horan was formally elected Nelson's successor on September 6, 1927. Horan's brother-in-law, local Sheet Metal Workers' International Association president William J. "Wild Bill" Rooney—an alleged murderer and noted crime figure in the city—engineered Horan's accession to the union presidency.
Horan quickly began a campaign of Americanism in BSEIU, pushing his members to learn English and become American citizens.
By the fall of 1929, his political fortunes within the American Federation of Labor (AFL) had risen to the point where he was named a member of the AFL delegation to the annual meeting of the British Trades Union Congress.
Horan's political activity also continued. He took over the Cook County Wage Earner's League, a quasi-political action committee established by William Quesse in 1924 to promote pro-labor candidates for office. He was a prominent supporter of Republican William "Big Bill" Thompson during his successful run for Mayor of Chicago in 1927, and was elected chairman of the Republican Party's 27th Ward Committee in November 1929. He backed Republican Governor Louis Emmerson's plan to pass a state constitutional amendment legalizing an income tax, and supported Charles W. Brooks in that candidate's unsuccessful run as the Republican candidate for governor of Illinois in 1936. However, Horan used the Wage Earners' League to not only promote candidates for office (allegedly through intimidation and vote-rigging) but also to run an illegal gambling operation near Chicago City Hall.
New member organizing was initially not very high on Horan's list of priorities. He established a union of maids and butlers in December 1927, but shuttered it less than six months later. He also established a council of trade union leaders to identify and respond to the open shop movement, but the council never engaged in any activity.
Organized crime infiltration of BSEIU.
Although Horan won praise from Chicago newspapers for eliminating the worst and most obvious forms of violence, intimidation, and graft in the union, his ties to organized crime actually deepened. Horan's uncle, "Wild Bill" Rooney, had virtually taken control of the BSEIU's Chicago locals with Horan's approval within by the end of 1928. In 1933, Horan was accused by former Illinois Attorney General Edward J. Brundage of consorting with gangster Al Capone and seeking to improperly influence James H. Wilkerson, the judge overseeing Capone's 1931 tax evasion trial.
Horan, however, initially attempted to avoid being put under the influence of Capone and his Chicago Outfit. Capone sought control BSEIU in order to embezzle funds from the national union's treasury. But Big Tim Murphy had been gunned down in 1928, leaving Horan without protection. Horan could not turn to Chicago Mayor Bill Thompson, either, for Thompson was closely linked to the Capone mob. Although labor leaders like the now-deceased William Rooney had broken with Thompson, Horan had not—and could not expect Thompson to protect him from Capone. In desperation, Horan moved to Chicago's northwest suburbs in the late 1920s in an attempt to escape Capone's influence. But when Capone sought him out again, Horan turned to bootlegger and gangster Roger Touhy, who controlled Chicago's northwest suburbs and was already engaged in a battle with Capone. According to Touhy and other sources, Horan and leaders of the Teamsters, Painters and other unions approached Touhy in 1929 and sought protection from Capone. Horan brought $125,000 in cash (raised from the union leaders) to buy Touhy's assistance, which Touhy agreed to provide.
But after Wild Bill Rooney's murder in March 1931, a frightened Horan (who was terrified even of his own bodyguards) made peace with Capone. In April 1933, Horan met with North Side Gang member Ted Newberry and turned over control of BSEIU over to Capone—taking his day-to-day orders from Murray "The Camel" Humphreys, Capone's liaison to unions.
In 1934, the Capone mob forced Horan to hire George Scalise as a union organizer. Scalise, a 38-year-old from New York City, had been involved in interstate prostitution, labor racketeering and other organized crime activities since the early 1920s. A protégé of Anthony "Little Augie Pisano" Carfano, a former Capone associate who had moved to New York City and joined what was then known as the Luciano crime family, Scalise had used his mob connections to establish several small union locals with the Teamsters. With Carfano's help, he then built several large locals of building janitors and elevator operators, began skimming members' dues and receiving kickbacks from employers, and then affiliated the locals with the BSEIU. In 1934, Scalise asked Carfano to use his Chicago Outfit connections to help Scalise become the Eastern Representative for BSEIU, a position which put him in control of all BSEIU locals on the East Coast. Horan agreed to the deal, and Scalise was not only appointed to the position but Scalise also received 50 percent of the dues from any newly organized members in the East. In 1935, when the Fifth Vice President position on the BSEIU Board of Directors opened up due to a retirement, Scalise worked with Carfano and Horan to win appointment to the position.
Despite Horan's deepening relationship with organized crime, he was warmly embraced by the AFL. In December 1935, AFL President William Green was the keynote speaker at a testimonial dinner in Horan's honor.
Because of Horan's mob connections, BSEIU grew tremendously during Horan's presidency. The mob received more money the more union members there were, so there was every incentive to bring in new members. Mob enforcers intimidated employers into permitting unionization of their employees, and existing locals swelled with members while new locals proliferated. BSEIU grew from 10,000 members in 1932 to 40,000 members in 1936 and 75,000 members in 1939.
The union also grew through affiliations. Many of these affiliations were coerced, however. In one notorious case, Horan raided a Chicago local of the International Union of Elevator Constructors led by Matthew Taylor. Horan wanted the elevator operators to support strikes by building workers, and he wanted Taylor's union in BSEIU. Horan sent mobster Louis Schiavone to threaten Taylor in 1936, but this tactic failed. In early 1937, Horan and mobster Louis Campagna met Taylor at the Bismarck Hotel (171 West Randolph Street in Chicago) and offered him $50,000 in cash to voluntarily affiliate his union with BSEIU. Taylor refused the offer. Horan kept up the pressure on Taylor in various ways, and Taylor finally gave in. Horan arranged for Taylor to meet with Oscar Nelson, George Scalise, Harry Bates (president of the Bricklayers union), and AFL President William Green after a meeting of the AFL executive council in Atlantic City, New Jersey, in August 1937. At the meeting, Green told Taylor that the AFL also believed the elevator operators should affiliate to BSEIU. Convinced that Horan had managed to intimidate even the powerful AFL president, Taylor agreed to affiliate his localwith BSEIU in September 1937. Green and Nelson later denied that any such meeting had occurred.
New York City strike.
A major event during Horan's presidency was a strike that BSEIU conducted in 1936 in New York City. But despite being International President, Horan played only a minor role in the strike. The strike began on March 1, 1936, with the union seeking a closed shop and a $2-a-week pay increased. Although only 5,000 workers initially walked off the job, five days later another 11,000 BSEIU members had joined them. The strike was so important and widespread that Mayor Fiorello H. La Guardia became personally involved in the negotiations. On March 6, the strike spread to 17 hotels in New York City in addition to the 1,964 apartment buildings which were affected.
Horan did not become publicly involved in the strike until the fifth day. He issued no press releases, made no speeches, and pledged no support. When Horan finally did make a statement, he pledged to lead all building workers nationwide out on strike in support of the New York City workers. His statement was considered so preposterous, however, that a day later he withdrew his promise and said that BSEIU would merely pledge "unlimited" funds to support the strike (yet another claim few believed).
On the sixth day of the strike it became clear that George Scalise and not Jerry Horan was in control of BSEIU. Scalise forced the owners of 45 buildings to settled on his terms late on March 6. The press, meanwhile, accused Horan of being in cahoots with Al Capone and recently deceased Louis "Two Guns" Alterie, forcing Horan to stay in Boston in order to avoid tainting the strikers' cause. Horan weakly claimed that he had purposefully flown to Boston to avoid any appearance that the strike was being run from Chicago and not New York. The strike spread to another 50 hotels on March 8 as Scalise announced that the union had signed another 1,814 apartment buildings to contracts. Local union officials said it would not look good if the stirke were perceived to be led from Chicago.
On March 9, both sides agreed to settle the strike—which still affected more than 300 buildings out of more than 2,195 struck—by arbitration (a proposal the union had made on March 2). Mayor LaGuardia was named the arbitrator, and within 24 hours he proposed a "preferential shop." This time, Horan was at least consulted before the arbitration proposal was agreed to. But when the employers balked at LaGuardia's solution, the strike continued. Scalise struck all buildings and hotels around Grand Central Station and Times Square on March 10 (adding another 300 buildings to those struck, bringing the total to more than 2,500). The strike's expansion proved too much for the employers, and an agreement on the union's terms was reached on March 14.
Death.
In April 1937, Horan fell seriously ill and was thought to be dying. Scalise contacted Carfano, who agreed to try to have Scalise appointed president of BSEIU if Horan died.
The week before Horan's death, a group of gangsters—which included Mike Carozza, Frank Diamond, Charles Fischetti, and labor racketeer Thomas J. Burke—met with George Scalise at the Café Capri restaurant at 123 North Clark Street in Chicago (a favorite hangout of Chicago Outfit leader Frank Nitti). The meeting had been called to decide who should be the next president of the BSEIU in the event of Horan's death. The conspirators supported Burke, who was the Third Vice President of BSEIU, and a well-known labor racketeer. Burke had the backing of a majority of the mob figures, but the group felt he would be opposed by a majority of the BSEIU Board of Directors due to his public ties with organized crime. William McFetridge, BSEIU First Vice President, was believed to be the choice of the Board. McFetridge was known for his scrupulous honesty, and although he had served on the Board for many years he was a figurehead and not part of the mob's inner circle of decision-makers. The mob, however, felt he was not acceptable because he was not under the control of organized crime. During the meeting, the conspirators settled on Scalise as Horan's successor. Scalise's ties to the Chicago Outfit were not well known to the members of the Board or the public, and this became the reason why he was chosen as the compromise candidate. The mob council told Scalise he would draw a salary of $1,000 a month, and he was told to kick back $500 a month to the Chicago Outfit. Scalise later denied being at the meeting as well as knowing Fischetti or Burke, but union documents proved him wrong.
On April 20, 1937, Jerry Horan was removed by ambulance from his apartment home at the Cornelia Apartments at 3500 N. Lake Shore Drive and taken to Passavant Hospital. Jerry Horan died there on April 27, 1937, of liver failure.
Five thousand people attended his funeral at Our Lady of Mount Carmel Church in Chicago. He was buried at Calvary Cemetery, where more than 30 automobiles were needed to deliver flowers to the grave.
The afternoon of the funeral, the BSEIU board of directors met to elect the next president of the union. Included in the meeting were First Vice President McFetridge; Second Vice President Gus Van Heck; Third Vice President Burke; Fourth Vice President Charles Hardy; Fifth Vice President Scalise; Secretary-Treasurer Paul David; and International Union Trustee Elizabeth Grady. Also in attendance was Oscar Nelson, now a circuit court judge. Nelson put forward Scalise's name, and George Scalise was elected president of the Building Service Employees International Union.

</doc>
<doc id="18723505" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18723505" title="Ji Jianhua">
Ji Jianhua

Ji Jianhua (born 1982-01-29 in Xinjiang) is a male Chinese Olympic cyclist, who has competed for Team China at the 2008 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="18723518" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18723518" title="Lex Shrapnel">
Lex Shrapnel

Alexander Carey "Lex" Shrapnel (born 6 October 1979) is an English actor and voice actor.
Early life.
Shrapnel was born in London, the son of Francesca Ann (née Bartley) and actor John Shrapnel. He is the brother of actor/producer Tom Shrapnel and writer Joe Shrapnel and the grandson of Academy Award-honoured Scottish actress Deborah Kerr. He graduated from the Guildhall School of Music & Drama.
Career.
He has appeared in many film and television roles such as, "", "Nine Lives", "Thunderbirds", "Breakfast on Pluto", "Flyboys", "Ministry of Mayhem" and "The Last Detective". He also appeared in the Doctor Who audio play, "Shadow of the Past".
He also has appeared on stage in 2011 in Terence Rattigan’s "The Deep Blue Sea" performed at the West Yorkshire Playhouse. He is quoted as saying "Before going in you set a high bar for yourself, but you’ve just got to get into rehearsals, do the work and hope it comes together".
According to actress Emily Blunt on "The Late Late Show with Craig Ferguson", he once played Romeo to her Juliet in a production of the Shakespeare play.

</doc>
<doc id="18723520" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18723520" title="Consulate-General of Russia in Houston">
Consulate-General of Russia in Houston

The Consulate-General of the Russian Federation in Houston () "General'noe konsul'stvo Rossijskoj Federatsii v H'justone") is Russia's diplomatic office in Houston, Texas, United States. It is located in Suite 1300 at Park Towers South.
The facility serves Alabama, Arkansas, Kansas, Louisiana, Mississippi, Missouri, Oklahoma, and Texas. As of 2010 the consul general is Alexander Konstantinovich Zakharov.
History.
In October 2001 the U.S. and Russia formally agreed to establish a Houston consulate. The Russian government approved the establishment on February 12, 2003. On May 9 of that year the United States Department of State confirmed the appointment of the consul general. The facility opened on August 4, 2004.
Russia opened a consulate in Houston due to the proximity to aerospace and petroleum industries. In a 2004 "Houston Chronicle" article Nikolai V. Sofinskiy, the first consul general, stated that the Houston area had around 40,000 Russian speakers and that Houston's consulate could easily serve the southeastern United States.

</doc>
<doc id="18723525" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18723525" title="Zhang Liang (cyclist)">
Zhang Liang (cyclist)

Zhang Liang (born 1983-03-01 in Ningxia) is a male Chinese Olympic racing cyclist, who competed for China at the 2008 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="18723527" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18723527" title="Michael Bowyer">
Michael Bowyer

Michael Bowyer (1599–1645) was an actor in English Renaissance theatre in the Jacobean and Caroline eras. He spent most of his maturity with Queen Henrietta's Men, but finished his career with the King's Men. With the former company, he was one of "those of principal note," according to James Wright's "Historia Histrionica" (1699), one of the troupe's "eminent actors."
Bowyer, the son of a John Bowyer, was christened on September 20, 1599 in Kidderminster, Worcestershire. He played a series of important roles through his career, including:
Robert Davenport dedicated his poem "Too Late to Call Back Yesterday" to Bowyer and Richard Robinson.
The Queen's Men were disrupted by a long theatre closure due to bubonic plague, which lasted from May 1636 to October 1637. Bowyer, along with three other veterans of that troupe, may have been with James Shirley at the Werburgh Street Theatre in Dublin from 1637 to 1640.
Bowyer was a member of the King's Men by January 1640. He was one of the six members of that company who were named Grooms of the Chamber on 22 January 1641, indicating that he was a sharer in the troupe by that time.
As with many actors, his fortunes passed into eclipse after the London theatres were closed in September 1642 at the start of the English Civil War. According to a 1655 lawsuit filed by fellow Queen Henrietta's and King's Man Theophilus Bird, Bowyer, along with Thomas Pollard and other members of the King's Men, sold off the company's play scripts and costumes sometime after the theatres closed. By the time of Bird's suit, Bowyer was a decade dead.
Little is known of Bowyer's personal life. He and his wife christened and then buried a son named William in 1621; and they christened and buried another son of the same name the following year, 1622.

</doc>
<doc id="18723540" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18723540" title="Anthony Edwards (rower)">
Anthony Edwards (rower)

Anthony John Edwards (born 22 December 1972) is an Australian rower, five time Olympian and triple Olympic medallist. He was born in Ballarat, Victoria but currently lives in Hobart, Tasmania.
A member of the Wendouree-Ballarat Club Rowing Club, Edwards first competed at the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta as part of the men's lightweight double scull team which finished third. In 2000 and 2004, he won silver medals as part of the lightweight four team and he was selected in the same event for the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing where his crew were knocked out in the Semi-finals. He was again selected in the men's lightweight four for the 2012 Summer Olympics in London finishing in fourth place. He announced his retirement from the sport at the close of the event.
Anthony works as the State Development Officer for Rowing Tasmania, and has extensive involvement in the selection of Tasmanian state crews.
In 2010 he was inducted as a member of the Rowing Victoria Hall of Fame.

</doc>
<doc id="18723546" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18723546" title="Aladdin, Wyoming">
Aladdin, Wyoming

Aladdin is an unincorporated community in eastern Crook County, Wyoming, United States. It lies at the junction of WYO 24 and WYO 111 northeast of the town of Sundance, the county seat of Crook County. Its elevation is 3,688 feet (1,124 m), and it is located at (44.6399866, -104.1835510). Although Aladdin is unincorporated, it has a post office, with the ZIP code of 82710.
Public education in the community of Aladdin is provided by Crook County School District #1.
The 2009 U.S. Census reports that there are 15 people and 5 families in the community.

</doc>
<doc id="18723551" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18723551" title="Dave Noble">
Dave Noble

David Gordon Noble (July 29, 1900 – January 24, 1983), nicknamed "Big Moose", was an American football running back. He played college football for the University of Nebraska, where he scored the first touchdown in Memorial Stadium history. After his college years, Noble played three seasons in the National Football League (NFL) and one in the American Football League (AFL), and was voted to the NFL All-Pro team in 1925.
Career.
College.
Born in Omaha, Nebraska, Noble attended the University of Wisconsin, but he spent most of his college career with the University of Nebraska. Playing for the Cornhuskers from 1921–1923, he helped the team win three consecutive Missouri Valley Conference (MVC) championships. Two of Noble's most notable college performances came in 1923. On October 13, the Cornhuskers opened Memorial Stadium with a game against the University of Oklahoma Sooners. In the second half, Noble scored the first touchdown in the new stadium, the first of two touchdowns by him in a 24–0 Nebraska win. Later in the season, Noble scored two touchdowns in a 14–7 Cornhuskers victory over Knute Rockne's University of Notre Dame team; it was the Fighting Irish's only loss of the 1923 season. Noble was named to the 1923 All-MVC team.
Professional.
After turning pro, Noble signed with the NFL's Cleveland Bulldogs for 1924. On October 12, he scored his first NFL touchdown in a Bulldogs win against the Akron Pros. Two weeks later, he posted three touchdowns in a game against the Rochester Jeffersons. Playing in all nine of the team's games, and starting in eight, he totalled four rushing and two receiving touchdowns, helping the 7–1–1 Bulldogs win the NFL championship. For his performance, Noble was named to the All-NFL second team after the season. In 1925, Noble earned NFL All-Pro honors after recording three rushing and three receiving touchdowns during the season; he started all but one game in Cleveland's 5–8–1 season.
The following year, Noble stayed in Cleveland but changed teams, playing for the Cleveland Panthers of the new AFL. In 
five games, he scored four rushing touchdowns and caught one touchdown pass. After a 6–0 loss to the Los Angeles Wildcats on October 31, 1926, the Panthers left the league, unsuccessfully attempting to gain admission into the NFL. The Bulldogs finished with a final record of 3–2, and Noble was second in the league in rushing touchdowns despite his team's reduced schedule. It would prove to be Noble's final professional season.
Post-retirement.
Following his playing career, Noble became an official and worked for the Big Ten Conference. In later years, he became an executive for an insurance company. In 1972, Noble was inducted into the Nebraska Football Hall of Fame. He suffered a stroke on January 24, 1983, and died at the age of 82.

</doc>
<doc id="18723552" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18723552" title="Alva, Wyoming">
Alva, Wyoming

Alva is an unincorporated community in north central Crook County, Wyoming, United States. It lies along WYO 24 34.9 miles north of the town of Sundance, the county seat of Crook County and 9.7 miles away from Hulett, Wyoming. Its elevation is 3,993 feet (1,217 m), and it is located at (44.694707, -104.441342). Although Alva is unincorporated, it has a post office, with the ZIP code of 82711.
Public education in the community of Alva is provided by Crook County School District #1.

</doc>
<doc id="18723556" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18723556" title="Arminto, Wyoming">
Arminto, Wyoming

Arminto is an unincorporated community in northwestern Natrona County, Wyoming, United States. It lies along local roads west of the city of Casper, the county seat of Natrona County. Its elevation is 6,053 feet (1,845 m). Although Arminto is unincorporated, it had a post office, that closed in 1964.

</doc>
<doc id="18723557" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18723557" title="Banner, Wyoming">
Banner, Wyoming

Banner is an unincorporated community in southern Sheridan County, Wyoming, United States. It lies along local roads near Interstate 90, south of the city of Sheridan, the county seat of Sheridan County. Its elevation is 4,580 feet (1,396 m). Although Banner is unincorporated, it had a post office, with the ZIP code of 82832, which closed in 2004. Public education in the community of Banner is provided by Sheridan County School District #2.

</doc>
<doc id="18723559" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18723559" title="Beulah, Wyoming">
Beulah, Wyoming

Beulah is a census-designated place (CDP) in eastern Crook County, Wyoming, United States, along Sand Creek, a tributary of the Belle Fourche River. The population is 33.
Geography.
Beulah lies along local roads near Interstate 90, northeast of the town of Sundance, the county seat of Crook County. Its elevation is 3,520 feet (1,073 m), and it is located at (44.5444299, -104.0891020). Although Beulah is unincorporated, it has a post office, with the ZIP code of 82712.
According to the United States Census Bureau, the CDP has a total area of 0.55 square miles (1.4 km2), all of it land.
Beulah has gained some notoriety for holding an un-documented World Record breaking series of motorcycle burnout competitions while the motorcycles are lifted to forty foot plus heights with construction equipment.
Education.
Public education in the community of Beulah is provided by Crook County School District #1.

</doc>
<doc id="18723563" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18723563" title="Bosler, Wyoming">
Bosler, Wyoming

Bosler is an unincorporated community in central Albany County, Wyoming, United States, along the Laramie River. It lies along the concurrent U.S. Routes 30 and 287 north of the city of Laramie, the county seat of Albany County. Its elevation is 7,080 feet (2,158 m). Although Bosler is unincorporated, it has a post office, with the ZIP code of 82051. 
Public education in the community of Bosler is provided by Albany County School District #1. 
In the Jalan Crossland song, "Bosler", Crossland describes his idyllic dreams of life in Bosler, WY, presumably while living in a distant city. Among other things, Crossland describes the simple pleasures of watching children play in the streets and living in the simple trailer-life.

</doc>
<doc id="18723569" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18723569" title="Carpenter, Wyoming">
Carpenter, Wyoming

Carpenter is an unincorporated community and census-designated place in southeastern Laramie County, Wyoming, United States. As of the 2010 census it had a population of 94. It lies along WYO 214 east of the city of Cheyenne, the county seat of Laramie County and capital of Wyoming. Its elevation is 5,440 feet (1,658 m). Although Carpenter is unincorporated, it has a post office since 1907, with the ZIP code of 82054.
History.
The community, formed in 1907 with a population of 15, was a rail stop on the Chicago, Burlington and Quincy Railroad. The now defunct rail road line ran from Hereford, Colorado through Arcola and Campstool, both now virtual ghost towns, through Carpenter then on to Cheyenne. In 1910, 50 people called Carpenter home.
Carpenter, Wyoming was named after J. Ross Carpenter (7 Aug 1867 - 27 Jan 1943), land developer. Carpenter was born as James Ross Carpenter, the second son of George Daniel Carpenter (1832 - 1881) and Margery Ann Pollock (1836 - 1920). Carpenter became the president and general manager of the "The Federal Land Company" which opened up one hundred and forty-six thousand acres of land to settlers in Wyoming. Carpenter later became a Wyoming District Judge.
Education.
Public education in the community of Carpenter is provided by Laramie County School District #2. One of the district's campuses, Carpenter Elementary School (grades K-6), is located in Carpenter.
The latitude of Carpenter is 41.045N. The longitude is -104.366W.
See also.
Bindweed or Bluegrass - Carpenter Wyoming, then and now

</doc>
<doc id="18723572" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18723572" title="Garrett, Wyoming">
Garrett, Wyoming

Garrett is an unincorporated community in northern Albany County, Wyoming, United States, along the North Laramie River. It lies along local roads north of the city of Laramie, the county seat of Albany County. Its elevation is , and it is located at . Although Garrett is unincorporated, it has a post office, with the ZIP code of 82058. Garrett is also home to River Bridge School, a one room schoolhouse that is part of Albany County School District #1.

</doc>
<doc id="18723575" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18723575" title="Granite, Wyoming">
Granite, Wyoming

Granite (also Granite Canon or Granite Canyon) is an unincorporated community in Laramie County, Wyoming, United States. Its elevation is 7,336 feet (2,236 m). Although Granite is unincorporated, it has a post office (under the name of Granite Canon) with the ZIP code of 82059.
Public education in the community of Granite is provided by Laramie County School District #1. 

</doc>
<doc id="18723576" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18723576" title="Liu Ying (cyclist)">
Liu Ying (cyclist)

Liu Ying (born 23 November 1985 in Jiangsu) is a female Chinese Olympic cross-country mountain bike racer, who competed for Team China at the 2008 Summer Olympics in where she finished 12th in the cross-country event.

</doc>
<doc id="18723577" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18723577" title="Un Mas Dos">
Un Mas Dos

Un Mas Dos is the second EP by American indie rock band Straylight Run, released on September 16, 2008. The EP is the band's first release since they were dropped by Universal Republic and since the departure of vocalist, guitarist and pianist Michelle DaRosa. Straylight Run entered the studio on June 10 and was expected to finish work on the EP in around early August, 2008.
Reception.
AbsolutePunk reviewer Adrian Villagomez awarded the album a rating of 75%. Commenting on the three songs, he noted opener "Wait and Watch" as the "angriest song on the EP, but it’s also the weakest", "Ten Ton Shoes" "is the anchor of Un Mas Dos, and the band sticks to the message already familiar to the listener – the world will beat you down and eat you alive", whilst labelling "Try" as the standout track "it deserves repeat listens... it’s tough to resist singing along to his (vocalist John Nolan's) earnest and frustrated voice as the hook grabs hold." Villagomez stated, "Switching between this EP and the band's previous material, I'm inclined to blame the production for keeping Nolan's voice too far from the forefront – this is my chief criticism with the release."

</doc>
<doc id="18723579" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18723579" title="Hiland, Wyoming">
Hiland, Wyoming

Hiland (also Poison Creek Station or Wolton) is an unincorporated community in western Natrona County, Wyoming, United States. It lies along the concurrent U.S. Routes 20 and 26, west of the city of Casper, the county seat of Natrona County. Its elevation is 6,004 feet (1,830 m). Although Hiland is unincorporated, it has a post office, with the ZIP code of 82638. Hiland is so named because it formed the highest elevation point within the Wyoming portion of the Chicago and Northwestern Railroad.

</doc>
<doc id="18723582" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18723582" title="Hillsdale, Wyoming">
Hillsdale, Wyoming

Hillsdale is an unincorporated community and census-designated place in southeastern Laramie County, Wyoming, United States. As of the 2010 census, it had a population of 47. It lies along local roads east of the city of Cheyenne, the county seat of Laramie County. Its elevation is above sea level. Although Hillsdale is unincorporated, it has a post office, with the ZIP code of 82060. Public education in the community of Hillsdale is provided by Laramie County School District #2.

</doc>
<doc id="18723584" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18723584" title="Horse Creek, Wyoming">
Horse Creek, Wyoming

Horse Creek is an unincorporated community in western Laramie County, Wyoming, United States. It lies along WYO 211 northwest of the city of Cheyenne, the county seat of Laramie County. Its elevation is 6,506 feet (1,983 m). Although Horse Creek is unincorporated, it has a post office, with the ZIP code of 82061.
Public education in the community of Horse Creek is provided by Laramie County School District #1.

</doc>
<doc id="18723587" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18723587" title="Breznik dialect">
Breznik dialect

The Breznik dialect is a Bulgarian dialect, member of the Transitional dialects, which is spoken in the region of Graovo in central western Bulgaria. It borders on the Tran dialect to the west and north, the Kyustendil dialect to the south and the Sofia dialect to the northeast and features characteristics typical for the Southwestern Bulgarian dialects.
Phonological and morphological characteristics.
For other phonological and morphological characteristics typical for all Transitional dialects, cf. Transitional Bulgarian dialects.
Sources.
Стойков, Стойко: Българска диалектология, Акад. изд. "Проф. Марин Дринов", 2006 [http://www.promacedonia.org/jchorb/st/st_2_b_zap_3.htm#breznishki]

</doc>
<doc id="18723588" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18723588" title="Jay Em, Wyoming">
Jay Em, Wyoming

Jay Em is an unincorporated community in northern Goshen County, Wyoming, United States, just below the headwaters of the Rawhide Creek. It lies along U.S. Route 85 north of the city of Torrington, the county seat of Goshen County. Its elevation is 4,590 feet (1,399 m). Although Jay Em is unincorporated, it has a post office, with the ZIP code of 82219. 
The center of the community is included in the Jay Em Historic District.
Public education in the community of Jay Em is provided by Goshen County School District #1. 

</doc>
<doc id="18723590" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18723590" title="Leiter, Wyoming">
Leiter, Wyoming

Leiter is an unincorporated community in eastern Sheridan County, Wyoming, United States, along Clear Creek. It lies along the concurrent U.S. Routes 14 and 16, east of the city of Sheridan, the county seat of Sheridan County. Its elevation is 3,779 feet (1,152 m). Although Leiter is unincorporated, it has a post office, with the ZIP code of 82837. Public education in the community of Clearmont is provided by Sheridan County School District #3.
The location is named after Levi Z. Leiter (by reference to the Leiter estate) who owned a large ranch in the area.

</doc>
<doc id="18723592" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18723592" title="Linch, Wyoming">
Linch, Wyoming

Linch is an unincorporated community in southeastern Johnson County, Wyoming, United States. It lies along WYO 192 southeast of the city of Buffalo, the county seat of Johnson County. Its elevation is 4,957 feet (1,511 m). Although Linch is unincorporated, it has a post office, with the ZIP code of 82640.
Public education in the community of Linch is provided by Johnson County School District #1. Linch also has a branch of the Johnson County Library.
Linch was named for a local pioneer family. Oil was discovered near Linch in 1947, and is the primary business.
The approximately 3 sections of land around the town of Linch is currently owned by Ronald Bruce Linch Sr. whose father Wilfred Bruce Linch and wife Dixie Linch homesteaded the land in the early 1900s. Ronald Bruce Linch owns and operates the town's only business-Linch Contractors and Sierra Construction.

</doc>
<doc id="18723595" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18723595" title="Lysite, Wyoming">
Lysite, Wyoming

Lysite (also Lysaght) is an unincorporated community in northeastern Fremont County, Wyoming, United States. It lies along local roads northeast of the city of Lander, the county seat of Fremont County. Its elevation is 5,276 feet (1,608 m). Although Lysite is unincorporated, it has a post office, with the ZIP code of 82642. The Bridger Trail passed near Lysite on its way north to the gold fields of Montana in the 19th century.
Public education in the community of Lysite is provided by Fremont County School District #24. The district has three campuses – Shoshoni Elementary School (grades PK-6), Shoshoni Junior High School (grades 7-8) and Shoshoni High School (grades 9-12).

</doc>
<doc id="18723596" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18723596" title="Natrona, Wyoming">
Natrona, Wyoming

Natrona is an unincorporated community in central Natrona County, Wyoming, United States. It lies along the concurrent U.S. Routes 20 and 26, west of the city of Casper, the county seat of Natrona County. Its elevation is 5,604 feet (1,708 m). Although Natrona is unincorporated, it had a post office, with the ZIP code of 82646, that closed in 1984.

</doc>
<doc id="18723598" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18723598" title="Saddlestring, Wyoming">
Saddlestring, Wyoming

Saddlestring is an unincorporated community in northwestern Johnson County, Wyoming, United States, on the eastern edge of the Bighorn National Forest. It lies along local roads northwest of the city of Buffalo, the county seat of Johnson County. Its elevation is 5,440 feet (1,658 m). Saddlestring possessed its own post office from 1946 to 1965, and from 1967 to 1999; although the post office is now closed, Saddlestring retains its old ZIP Code of 82840. The post office building still exists; located on the HF Bar Ranch, it is a contributing property to a historic district located on the ranch. Public education in the community of Saddlestring is provided by Johnson County School District #1.

</doc>
<doc id="18723602" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18723602" title="Savery, Wyoming">
Savery, Wyoming

Savery is an unincorporated community in southeastern Carbon County, Wyoming, United States, on the upper Little Snake River. It lies along WYO 70 south of the city of Rawlins, the county seat of Carbon County. Its elevation is 6,473 feet (1,973 m). Although Savery is unincorporated, it has a post office, with the ZIP code of 82332.
Public education in the community of Savery is provided by Carbon County School District #1.
Two recent state representatives, the late George R. Salisbury, Jr., and his son-in-law, Patrick F. O'Toole, both Democrats, came from Savery. O'Toole and his wife, Sharon Salisbury O'Toole, still operate the Ladder Ranch, founded by George Salisbury's ancestors.

</doc>
<doc id="18723603" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18723603" title="Ren Chengyuan">
Ren Chengyuan

Ren Chengyuan (born 1986-09-20 in Jiangsu) is a female Chinese Olympic cyclist, who competed for Team China at the 2008 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="18723606" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18723606" title="Shawnee, Wyoming">
Shawnee, Wyoming

Shawnee is an unincorporated community in southeastern Converse County, Wyoming, United States. It lies along the concurrent U.S. Routes 18 and 20 east of the city of Douglas, the county seat of Converse County. Its elevation is 5,059 feet (1,542 m). Although Shawnee is unincorporated, it had a post office, with the ZIP code of 82229 that closed in 2007.
Education.
Public education in the community of Shawnee is provided by Converse County School District #1. Zoned campuses include Shawnee School (grades K-8) and Douglas High School (grades 9-12).

</doc>
<doc id="18723608" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18723608" title="Walcott, Wyoming">
Walcott, Wyoming

Walcott is an unincorporated community in central Carbon County, Wyoming, United States. It lies along local roads near Interstate 80 and the concurrent U.S. Routes 30 and 287, east of the city of Rawlins, the county seat of Carbon County. Its elevation is 6,627 feet (2,020 m). Although Walcott is unincorporated, it had a post office, with the ZIP code of 82335 that closed in 2007.
Public education in the community of Walcott is provided by Carbon County School District #2.

</doc>
<doc id="18723614" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18723614" title="Wyarno, Wyoming">
Wyarno, Wyoming

Wyarno is an unincorporated community in central Sheridan County, Wyoming, United States. It lies along WYO 336 east of the city of Sheridan, the county seat of Sheridan County. Its elevation is 3,786 feet (1,154 m). Although Wyarno is unincorporated, it has a post office, with the ZIP code of 82845. Public education in the community of Wyarno is provided by Sheridan County School District #2.

</doc>
<doc id="18723615" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18723615" title="Jo Gilbert">
Jo Gilbert

Jo Gilbert is a film producer and casting director based in Holywood, near Belfast, Northern Ireland and runs Real Holywood Productions.
As Producer / Associate Producer.
Jo Gilbert is currently in pre-production with the movie "The Ribbon" with Ed Burns and starring Julia Stiles and is currently producing the 40-part documentary series "Great West End Theatres" for Great Productions. In their review of the series, the "British Theatre Guide" said "This film is as close as one can get to standing on the stage taking an ovation. This series is beautifully filmed and gets the balance exactly right between classy camera work, history, reminiscence and gossip."
She produced the film "Closing the Ring", directed by Richard Attenborough, which was released in 2007. 
Her previous film credits as Associate Producer are "Puckoon" (2002), directed by Terence Ryan; "Darkness Falls" (1999) directed by Gerry Lively; "The Brylcreem Boys" (1998) directed and produced by Terence Ryan and "The Mystery of Edwin Drood" (1993).
She was also instrumental in originally creating the Paint Hall Film Studios in Belfast, now known as the Titanic Studios, in the Titanic Quarter, Belfast.
As Casting Director.
As Casting Director, her credits include "The Jungle Book 2" (2003); "" (1997) and "The Harpist" (1997).
As a casting director working on the 1997 film "The Brylcreem Boys" for the Producer/Director Terence Ryan, they were the first film to choose the Isle of Man as a location since the 1936 film "No Limit" starring George Formby. Ryan based his movie there and used various locations on the island to stand-in for Ireland. As a result of the success and the islands subsequent tax-breaks put in place for filmmakers, many movies have since used the island as a location.
She appeared on ITV's "Airline" as a disgruntled airline passenger who missed her easyJet flight.

</doc>
<doc id="18723619" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18723619" title="Weston, Wyoming">
Weston, Wyoming

Weston is an unincorporated community in northern Campbell County, Wyoming, United States, along the upper Little Powder River on the southeastern edge of the Thunder Basin National Grassland. It lies along WYO 59 north of the city of Gillette, the county seat of Campbell County. Its elevation is 3,802 feet (1,159 m). Although Weston is unincorporated, it has a post office, with the ZIP code of 82731.
Education.
Public education in the community of Weston is provided by Campbell County School District #1.

</doc>
<doc id="18723623" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18723623" title="Wolf, Wyoming">
Wolf, Wyoming

Wolf is an unincorporated community in Sheridan County, Wyoming, United States. Its elevation is 4,626 feet (1,410 m). Although Wolf is unincorporated, it had a post office, with the ZIP code of 82844 which closed in 1993. Public education in the community of Wolf is provided by Sheridan County School District #2.

</doc>
<doc id="18723630" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18723630" title="Okakarara">
Okakarara

Okakarara is a town in Otjozondjupa Region, Namibia, located 50 km southeast of Waterberg National Park. It has an estimated population of 7000 and is currently growing by 1500 inhabitants annually.
Okakarara consists of the residential areas of "Opamue", the former whites-only area, and "Okakarara Proper", the former black residential area. It is the district capital of the Okakarara electoral constituency that includes surrounding settlements.
Formerly part of the Apartheid-era bantustan Hereroland, the area is still mainly populated by the Herero people. Because of this, Okakarara is one of the few towns in Namibia where the otherwise dominant SWAPO party came only second in the 2004 elections, and the Herero-dominated NUDO won. Due to a very unusual coalition between SWAPO and DTA, the elected town mayor "Ehrnst Katjiku" has SWAPO affiliation.
History.
Okakarara has been the main battle ground of the Herero and Nama War between the local Herero tribe and the Germans, which took place between 1904 - 1908. This war left thousands of Hereros dead, almost 80% of the tribe perished in this genocide. The place where the war heroes are buried is called Ohamakari. A lot of graves of the German victims of that war are also visible and well maintained at Ohamakari. Ohamakari constitue a very big farming area of more than 10 000 ha and is still owned by the descendants of the Germans who killed the Hereros during the 1904 war, the infamous Diekmann clan.
The first house was built by "Salathiel Kambamba Kambazembi" and "Reinard Tjerije" who arrived in the area in 1923. That was coincidentally the same year in which the Legendary Paramount Chief of the Hereros, Samuel Katjiikumbua Maharero died in exile in South Africa - and was buried in Botswana. His remains were exhumed the same year and got re-buried at Okahandja, Namibia at the request of Chief Hosea Kutako, his successor as a Herero Paramount Chief. The settlement grew over time and was proclaimed a town in 1992. Other strong families and clans started arriving and settling at and around Okakarara after the infamous Luderitz concentration camps were abandoned by Chief Hosea Kutako.
Amongst those who arrived in 1932 after the well documented drought in Omaruru were the Ombandi clan which arrived under the leadership of three elders of the Hukununa-Tjihozu clan, amongst them Uncle Carl Katume Tjihozu, Ismael Kaupuka Hukununa and their elder brother Reverend Kefas Maiseuanaani-Hukununa. They settled at Orunahi with the remaining offsprings of the royal Maharero clan under Chief Trougott Mbandaze Maharero, who later moved to the present day Okondjatu. then followed the ouzemba clan of the Havarua, Mavenjono and others. Then followed Otjikaoko clans of Kaura, Tjakuva, Tjavara, Tjipura, Tjivikua and Tjikuua. Tjiseseta and Tjipepa and others followed thereafter. Ongoneko clan was already in the area - these are the Ruhumba, Ndungaua, Nganjone and many others and so was Onguatjindu royal house and Maharero royal houses and other prominent Herero clans who consisted mainly of the remainders of 1904 war. A large number of these communities consists of light-skinned mixtures of Herero-German offsprings, a clear testimony of sexual abuses of Herero women enslaved by their German masters as well as those captured and kept by German soldiers in captivities in concentration camps and at farms.
Okakarara became the centre of the Herero Tribal Authority in the early seventies. The famous Chief Maveipi Kambazembi followed by Uaminike Tjerije and later by the legendary Ludwig Ndinda of Okahitua with tribal stalwarts such as Konjainja Kaveterua, Jaezere David Kambepera, Heinrich Tjarukuru of Okaepe, John Tjikuua, Muvi Tjiho, Corporal Rupembo Mujeu were all residing at Okakarara. The first ever radio Station to broadcast in itjiherero language under SAUK (Suid Afrikanse Uitsaai Korporasie -SABC) was set up and operating from Okakarara. Famous first ever broadcasters such as Naomi Kazombiaze, Jarimbovandu Kaputu amongst others operated from the heart of Okakarara.
Economy.
Since 2007, Okakarara houses an annual trade fair. This initiative also led to the erection of a trade centre and an SME park.
The town further features a secondary school,a government hospital, a vocational training centre, and an abbatoir.
Okakarara Trade Fair.
The Okakarara trade fair is an annual four-day trade fair event which was first started in 2007 as a way to bring the breeders of the communal area around the town together to showcase the animals and as well as share ideas on how they can help improve farming methods. Marquees are erected at the Okakarara Community Cultural Centre which was built with funding from Germany, to accommodate the increased number of exhibitors, as the existing hall is too small to cater to all the exhibitors. Exhibitors include automobile dealers who showcase their latest models. Farmers showcasing their livestock, food stalls, beverages and many other stalls are available. Other exhibitors engaged in the selling of agricultural equipment and vehicles are placed around the fairground on open stands. Because Okakarara is in a rural area, agriculture is important and so the trade fair is a great opportunity to attract investment to the town and it also allows communal farmers to showcase their breeds.
Twin towns.
Okakarara has twinning agreements with the following Namibian towns:

</doc>
<doc id="18723631" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18723631" title="Gao Min (cyclist)">
Gao Min (cyclist)

Gao Min, born (26 January 1982, Hebei) is a Chinese road racing cyclist. She finished 16th in the Women's road race at the 2008 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="18723638" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18723638" title="John Mitchell (baseball)">
John Mitchell (baseball)

John Kyle Mitchell (born August 11, 1965, Dickson, Tennessee) is a former professional baseball pitcher. He pitched in parts of five Major League Baseball seasons, from through , for the New York Mets and Baltimore Orioles.
Boating accident.
Mitchell was originally drafted by the Boston Red Sox in the 1983 Major League Baseball Draft. On October 30, , after completing his first professional season with the New York-Penn League's Elmira Pioneers, Mitchell and two fellow Red Sox farmhands, Anthony Latham and Scott Skripko, were deep-sea fishing off the coast of Florida when their boat capsized. Boat owner Mark Zastrowmy and Latham drowned. Skripko and Mitchell survived over twenty hours in the water by clinging to debris; Skripko held onto a cooler for 20 hours and Mitchell a bucket for 22 hours.
Professional career.
Ojeda trade.
After two more seasons with the Red sox organization, Mitchell was traded to the Mets along with Bob Ojeda, Tom McCarthy and Chris Bayer for Calvin Schiraldi, John Christensen, Wes Gardner and La Schelle Tarver on November 15, . Mitchell went 12–9 with a 3.39 earned run average in his first season with the Tidewater Tides, and received a call-up to the majors that September. His major league debut came on September 8, against the Montreal Expos at Shea Stadium.
Mitchell enjoyed his most prominent season in the majors in . Despite winning just three games, he pitched decently in 19 starts. He spent most of the next two seasons at Tidewater, pitching just three games and four innings at the major league level.
Baltimore Orioles.
Following the 1989 season, Mitchell and Joaquin Contreras were traded to the Baltimore Orioles for Cesar Mejia and Keith Hughes. In Baltimore, Mitchell set his career high in wins with six, but his ERA was a sub-par 4.64. He never again pitched in the majors.
Later minor league career.
Mitchell signed with the Seattle Mariners organization in , but appeared in just two games for the Calgary Cannons before suffering a season-ending injury. He sat out the entire 1992 season, then started with the independent Sioux Falls Canaries. He pitched well enough to earn another chance from the Red Sox. He moved on to the Texas Rangers organization in , then spent with the Ottawa Lynx in the Montreal Expos farm system. After being let go by the Expos, he pitched three seasons in the independent leagues before retiring in . Overall, Mitchell went 97–82 with a 3.34 ERA as a minor leaguer.
Personal life.
Mitchell lives in Nashville, Tennessee where he works for a company that makes municipal castings. He is married with three children, one of whom is named Johnny Latham Mitchell in memory of his fallen teammate. His brother is former Red Sox pitcher Charlie Mitchell.

</doc>
<doc id="18723639" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18723639" title="Lancaster County Courthouse">
Lancaster County Courthouse

Lancaster County Courthouse may refer to a building in the United States:

</doc>
<doc id="18723641" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18723641" title="Jaal (1973 film)">
Jaal (1973 film)

Jaal, a 1973 Pakistani Urdu colour film, is a musical and romantic film produced by Waheed Murad and directed by Iftikhar Khan. It was the first colour movie that was produced by Waheed Murad. The film was released on 31 August 1973. It starred Waheed Murad, Nisho, Husna, Shaista Qaiser and Nanna. It was the second film of Waheed Murad with Nisho, first being "Mulaqat" (released during the same year).
Release.
"Jaal" was released by Film Arts on 31 August 1973 on Karachi and Lahore cinemas. The film ran 13 weeks in main cinemas and 39 weeks on other cinemas in Karachi, and proved to be an average hit film of the year. The film completed its consecutive 25 weeks on cinemas and attain the status of 'Silver Jubilee film'.
Music.
The music of the film was directed by Nazeer Ali. Songs were written by Khwaja Pervaiz. The songs esp. "Dil ki dharkan..." became very popular sung by Ahmed Rushdi and Runa Laila:

</doc>
<doc id="18723651" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18723651" title="Meng Lang">
Meng Lang

Meng Lang (born 1984-03-06 in Heilongjiang) is a female Chinese racing cyclist, who competed for Team China at the 2008 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="18723660" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18723660" title="Masada Live at Tonic 1999">
Masada Live at Tonic 1999

Masada Live at Tonic is a DVD of a live performance by John Zorn's Masada filmed at Tonic in the summer of 1999.

</doc>
<doc id="18723663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18723663" title="Granny Alston">
Granny Alston

Hallam Newton Egerton "Granny" Alston, born at Cheltenham on 10 June 1908 and died at Gloucester on 20 October 1985, was an English cricketer who played one first-class cricket match for Somerset.
Alston made one appearance for Somerset during the 1933 season, against Surrey at The Oval. While he scored just two runs in the first innings of the game and four in the second, his bowling figures of 1-6 from seven overs were economical, and his only first-class wicket was that of 50-year-old former Test cricketer Jack Hobbs, though Hobbs had made 117 by the time he was out.
Alston was a right-handed middle-order batsman and a right-arm off-break bowler.
In the Second World War, he was commissioned as a second lieutenant in the Somerset Light Infantry. While on service, he played a non-first-class war-time cricket match for the Combined Services cricket team at Hull and took five London Counties wickets for 31 runs with his off-spin.

</doc>
<doc id="18723664" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18723664" title="Cyril Baily">
Cyril Baily

Cyril Alexander Highett Baily (17 July 1880 – 21 September 1924) was an English cricketer. He was a right-handed batsman who played for Somerset. He was born in Glastonbury and died in Burnham-on-Sea, both in Somerset.
Baily made a single first-class appearance for Somerset, during the 1902 season, against Surrey. Playing as a tailender, he picked up four runs in both innings in which he batted, finishing not out in the second innings. He took two catches in the match and did not bowl.

</doc>
<doc id="18723665" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18723665" title="Frederick Baitup">
Frederick Baitup

Frederick Henry Baitup (January 9, 1896 — February 3, 1991) was an English cricketer who played for Somerset. He was born in Tunbridge Wells and died in Whipps Cross.
Baitup made a single first-class appearance for Somerset, during the 1924 season, against Derbyshire at Burton-upon-Trent. Playing as a tailender, Baitup picked up eleven runs in the only innings in which he batted, as Somerset picked up an innings victory thanks to a century and a double-century from Jack MacBryan and Dar Lyon respectively. Baitup bowled two overs Derbyshire's first innings, including one maiden, conceding eight runs. He also took one catch.

</doc>
<doc id="18723666" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18723666" title="George Barne (bishop)">
George Barne (bishop)

The Rt Rev George Dunsford Barne, OBE, DD (6 May 1879 — 18 June 1954) was a Jamaican-born cricketer who played for Somerset and was later the Bishop of Lahore from 1932 until 1949. Educated at Clifton College and Oriel College, Oxford, Barne picked up a single first-class appearance for Somerset against Oxford University in 1904. Somerset lost the match by an innings margin, with Barne picking up one run in the first innings and nine in the second. A tailend batsman, Barne's brothers-in-laws, Alexander Streatfeild-Moore and Edward Streatfeild played first-class cricket in the late 19th century: the former playing county cricket for Kent, the latter for Surrey. After a short period as a schoolmaster he was ordained in 1904 and after a curacy at St John the Baptist Summertown, Oxford he became a Missionary in India, eventually rising to be Principal of the Lawrence Royal Military School, Sanawar before elevation to the episcopate. His last post was as Vicar of Harthill, South Yorkshire, although he died in Hammersmith.

</doc>
<doc id="18723667" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18723667" title="Alexander Barrett">
Alexander Barrett

Alexander Gould Barrett (17 November 1866 – 12 March 1954) was an English cricketer who played for Somerset. He was born in North Curry and died in Galmington.
Barrett made a single first-class appearance for Somerset, playing as a lower-order batsman against Cambridge University at Cambridge in 1896. He scored six runs in his first innings and a duck in his second, both times being bowled by Horace Gray. Three other players made their first-class debuts for Somerset in this match: like Barrett, two of them, Harry MacDonald and Douglas McLean never played first-class cricket again.

</doc>
<doc id="18723668" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18723668" title="Laurie Lever">
Laurie Lever

Laurie Lever (born 12 October 1947 in Manchester, England) is an Olympic-level equestrian rider, who competes for Australia. He was selected for the 2008 Summer Olympics at the age of 60, making him the oldest member of Australia's 2008 team and one of the oldest people to make an Olympic debut. He will compete in jumping at Beijing aboard "Ashleigh Drossel Dan". He finished in 23rd position in the individual event, and 7th in the teams event.

</doc>
<doc id="18723671" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18723671" title="For Every Punk Bitch and Arsehole">
For Every Punk Bitch and Arsehole

For Every Punk Bitch and Arse Hole by Hang on the Box was released on 6 October 2003 licensed by Sister Benten Online on the labels Arrivederci Baby! and Cherry Red. It was the band's European debut, made up of some of the best material from their previous albums, "Yellow Banana" and "Di Di Di", complemented by the addition of an unreleased live recording.

</doc>
<doc id="18723677" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18723677" title="Something Wicked Saga">
Something Wicked Saga

The Something Wicked Saga is a fictional story featured in the works of American heavy metal guitarist Jon Schaffer from the band Iced Earth. The saga is a tale that begins with the origins of man, by way of descension upon the primitive Setian race, all the way to its downfall as paved by the Setians' act of vengeance. It discusses humanity's evil intentions that begin to backfire in their last days, with the Setian messiah Set Abominae serving as the catalyst to its self-destruction. Events parallel to those in the Bible (similarly the Tower of Babel), and elsewhere throughout history, occurred in order to further bring about humanity's downfall.
Overview.
The saga was first revealed in the final three tracks of Iced Earth's fifth studio album, 1998's "Something Wicked This Way Comes", known as the Something Wicked trilogy. These three songs, "Prophecy," "Birth of the Wicked," and the "Coming Curse," served as the backbone to the Jon Schaffer's Something Wicked story, as well as concert staples.
In December 2006, Jon Schaffer posted a journal announcing that Iced Earth's new album, then titled ', would be released in September/October 2007. The follow-up album, then titled ', would be released in January/February 2008, with both albums serving to further explain the story within the Something Wicked Trilogy. He later announced the final tracklist, and that the album would be renamed to "", with a new target release of August or September. On June 25, Schaffer uploaded the cover of the album on icedearth.com. Audio samples of all the tracks have been posted at spv.de, the official site of the band's record label. In addition to providing prospective album titles and track titles, he updates the band's mixing status on a new single entitled the "Overture of the Wicked" EP, which was then released in June 2007. The EP, which featured vocalist Matt Barlow's then-replacement Tim "Ripper" Owens, contained the single to the upcoming song entitled "Ten Thousand Strong", as well as a re-recording of the Something Wicked trilogy that showcased the band's more modern sound which was something to be expected for the upcoming release.
"Framing Armageddon", released September 11, 2007, is the band's first studio album featuring lead guitarist Troy Seele, and drummer Brent Smedley, who never played on an Iced Earth studio album during his previous stints with the group. Tim "Ripper" Owens makes his final appearance as lead singer on this record, as well. Also, this was bassist Dennis Hayes' first appearance on an Iced Earth album, though he only appears on two songs. Former Iced Earth lead guitarist Tim Mills is featured on "Reflections", and co-wrote both that song and "Infiltrate and Assimilate" (as well as "I Walk Alone" on the next album).
A music video for "Ten Thousand Strong" has been released, though lead guitarist Troy Seele was not yet with the band when it was filmed. The video features special effects to make the live action video resemble animation.
Following the release and tour in support of "Something Wicked Part 1", Jon Schaffer announced that former vocalist Matt Barlow would return to the band, causing Ripper to front for Yngwie Malmsteen. Due to his long-awaited return, the release date for Part 2 was to be held back to around the same time that Part 1 was released in Autumn 2008. In June 2008, the single "I Walk Among You" was released, which featured a track from the upcoming song "I Walk Alone," including various re-recordings of tracks from "Something Wicked Part 1". Also during June 2008, the final tracklist was revealed, and that the album title would be changed from Revelation Abomination to "", with a new target release of September 2008.
"The Crucible Of Man" was released on September 9, 2008 in the United States. This is the second and last Iced Earth album to feature Dennis Hayes on bass. Dennis plays on five songs, despite having been fired along with Tim Owens in late 2007. Iced Earth's current bassist Freddie Vidales appears in the booklet for the album, however he does not play on the disc (all remaining bass parts on both albums are played by Jon Schaffer). This is the first time since Matt Barlow's initial departure that showcases a writing collaboration with Barlow and Schaffer, with "Minions of the Watch," "Crucify the King," "Sacrificial Kingdoms," and "Something Wicked (Part 3), written solely by Barlow. Immediately following its release, it was revealed that Jon Schaffer intends to release both of the Something Wicked albums in one boxed set, with Matt Barlow contributing the vocals on both albums for the sake of continuity. He intends to add at least four songs to The Crucible of Man, including various segues between songs, and remix Framing Armageddon. Schaffer believes this boxed set will be available around Christmas 2008 or later in 2009. This release never ended up happening, but a boxset entitled "Box of the Wicked" was released containing "Framing Armageddon", "The Crucible of Man", "Overture of the Wicked", "I Walk Among You", and a bonus disc featuring a re-recording of "A Charge to Keep" with Matt Barlow on vocals and three live tracks.
To date, six releases have featured the story circulating Set Abominae:
In an interview on The Aebyss, Schaffer was asked if "Tragedy and Triumph" will be the end of the Something Wicked Saga, to which he replied:
He also appears in the artwork of several other Iced Earth albums. Schaffer also plans to write a graphic novel based on the adventures of the all-powerful Set Abominae.
Story.
Part one.
"Framing Armageddon: Something Wicked Part 1" tells the story of the Setians, who were the original inhabitants of Earth, and are directly descended from the "Great Architect". They are said to have nearly omniscient knowledge. Humans, who originate on a distant planet and have developed space travel, invade Earth in a bid for "ultimate power and ultimate knowledge", killing all but ten thousand Setians.
The remaining ten thousand go into hiding in the mountains in the east. The Setian High Council, which consists of the twelve Elders and the High Priest, make a plan to get revenge on the invading human race. They plan to initiate "The Clouding", which involves brainwashing all the humans and making them forget their origins. Once completed, the Setians will assimilate into the human race and manipulate history, as deemed by the Domino Decree, by creating religions such as Christianity and Islam to divide the humans. Division would then cause man to succumb to worldly intentions and in doing so, bring about conflicts that would only make them weaker. Once human kind is sufficiently divided after ten thousand years, the Setians will await, as the prophecy told millennia ago, the birth of the Antichrist, Set Abominae. It was predicted that Set Abominae would destroy all of the human race and execute the revenge the Setians have long awaited.
Events parallel those in the Bible (particularly the story of the Tower of Babel).
"Framing Armageddon" tells the story from the prophecy to the events right before the birth of Set Abominae.
Part two.
The album tells the story of the Antichrist, Set Abominae, starting with his birth: on the sixth hour of the sixth day of the sixth month (666). He grows up within the Setian community, known as the Minions of the Watch, who would raise the boy and put him on the path to his destiny. It was with this "undying love" that taught Set about the death of his ancestors and how he is their savior from the invading Humans. While learning the arts of the ancients such as time manipulation and shape shifting, he goes through many trials and tribulations and encounters self-doubt about who he is and whether or not he can actually fulfill the Setian prophecy. In the end, he pulls through and emerges complete and confident about his purpose. Upon passing through the Dimension Gauntlet as his final test, he is crowned as the Astral Beast, whose wrath would be the catalyst to Setian salvation.
Set starts his work with the assassination of Jesus Christ, punishing him for the gift of second sight, and moves on to other great leaders and foreseers throughout history. Over the course of the next two thousand years he crushes kingdoms under their own greed, deceit, and thirst for conquest, controls the weak with divisive tools such as religion, and declares his own godhood by appealing to the lies and self-deceit in every human being.
The album ends on an open-ended note, with the song Come What May. As Set observes humanity through the ages, he acknowledges humans as a race with much potential despite its flawed nature. Set makes a requisition for humanity to overcome its imperfections to be thus saved from their destructive fate.

</doc>
<doc id="18723689" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18723689" title="Natrona">
Natrona

Natrona may refer to the following in the United States and Egypt:
In Pennsylvania:
In Illinois:
In Kansas:
In Wyoming:
In Egypt:
Navy ship:

</doc>
<doc id="18723691" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18723691" title="Ma Liyun">
Ma Liyun

Ma Liyun (; born July 1, 1988 in Guangdong) is a female Chinese BMX racer, who competed for Team China at the 2008 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="18723694" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18723694" title="Mark M. Smith">
Mark M. Smith

Mark M. Smith is an American historian and the Carolina Distinguished Professor of History at the University of South Carolina. Smith holds a B.A. University of Southampton (1988) & M.A. University of South Carolina (1991) and a Ph.D. University of South Carolina (1995).
Smith is a scholar of sensory history, which he described to an interviewer as stressing “the role of the senses-—including sight and vision-—in shaping people's experiences in the past and shows how they understood their worlds and why.”

</doc>
<doc id="18723740" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18723740" title="Sneakacydal">
Sneakacydal

Sneakacydal is the debut solo album by rapper, Keak da Sneak. It sold 1,500 copies in its first week out, and did not chart.

</doc>
<doc id="18723764" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18723764" title="Belogradchik dialect">
Belogradchik dialect

The Belogradchik dialect is a Bulgarian dialect, member of the Transitional dialects, which is spoken on the westernmost northern slopes of the Balkan mountains in northwestern Bulgaria. It borders on the Northwestern Byala Slatina-Pleven and Vidin-Lom dialect and north, the Sofia dialect to the southeast and the Serbian Torlak dialect to the southwest.
Phonological and morphological characteristics.
For other phonological and morphological characteristics typical for all Transitional dialects, cf. Transitional Bulgarian dialects.
Sources.
Стойков, Стойко: Българска диалектология, Акад. изд. "Проф. Марин Дринов", 2006 [http://www.promacedonia.org/jchorb/st/st_2_b_zap_3.htm#belogradchishki]

</doc>
<doc id="18723768" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18723768" title="Benn Harradine">
Benn Harradine

Benn Harradine (born 14 October 1982 in Newcastle, New South Wales) is an Australian discus thrower who was selected to compete at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing.
Harradine made the final of the discus at the 2006 Commonwealth Games in Melbourne where he finished eighth. Since then he has broken the Australian record three times, his current personal best being 68.20 metres thrown in Townsville in May 2013.
He is a proud indigenous athlete from the Wotjobaluk tribe in the Wimmera district of Victoria. He cites land rights activist Vincent Lingiari as one of the people he admires.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18723773" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18723773" title="Melanie Schlanger">
Melanie Schlanger

Melanie Renee Schlanger OAM (born 31 August 1986 in Nambour) is an Australian freestyle swimmer. She trains at the Commercial Swimming Club under Stephan Widmar.
She was a member of the Australian 4 × 100 m freestyle relay team that won gold at the 2007 World Championships.
At the 2008 Australian Swimming Championships she qualified as a member of the 4 × 100 m and 4 × 200 m freestyle relay teams by coming third and fifth in the respective individual events.
At the Swimming at the 2008 Summer Olympics, she swam the third leg in both the heats and the final of the 4 × 100 m freestyle relay as Australia qualified sixth before claiming the bronze in the final. She swam in the heats of the 4 × 200 m freestyle relay and collected a gold when the first-choice quartet won the final in a world record time.
Schlanger anchored the 4×100 meter relay team to overcome a late surge by the Netherlands to win the gold medal for Australia, the only gold medal for the Australian swimming team at the 2012 London Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="18723786" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18723786" title="Barbeau">
Barbeau

Barbeau is a surname of French origin. The name refers to:

</doc>
<doc id="18723787" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18723787" title="Alexander Ezer">
Alexander Ezer

Alexander Ezer (1894–1973) was a Zionist activist and a leading developer of commerce, tourism and industry in the pre-state Yishuv and newly established State of Israel. Ezer served as chief adviser on tourism for the first government of Israel. He was the chief designer of the Middle East pavilion at the 1939 New York World's Fair and the organizer of the 1928 and 1934 Levant Industrial Fairs ("Yerid Hamizrach"). He was the founder of Binyanei HaUma and organized its first international exhibition, "Kibush Hashmama" (Conquering the Desert), in 1953.
Biography.
Alexander Yevzerov (later Ezer), son of Miriam née Silifka and Manuel Yevzerov (the nephew of "Hamagid Hayadua" Yehuda Tzvi Yevzerov), was born in May 10, 1894 in Pryluky, Russia. In 1913-1915 he attended the Psychoneurological Institute in Saint Petersburg. In 1915 he transferred to the University of Tomsk in Siberia to complete his law degree. In St. Petersburg he established a Zionist student organization called “The Friend” and was the editor of a magazine distributed to Jewish students throughout Russia. Then, while living in Siberia, the Russian Revolution broke out, and Alexander was involved in Zionist activities and support for Jewish political prisoners sent to Siberia. The Bolshevik revolution and the oppression of Jews led Yevzerov to escaped from Siberia. He journeyed by trains, horses and seventeen days on a camel back through the Gobi Desert to reach Harbin, China in October, 1920, and then to Shanghai. He found a thriving community of Jewish refugees in China. Together with another Zionist activist, Moishe Novomeiski (Chairman of the National Counsel of the Far East Jews), Alexander Yevzerov establish the weekly periodical "Siberia-Palestine" that later was renamed "Jewish Life"; the publication continued until 1943 under the editorship of Dr. Abraham Kaufman. Alexander was also active in the “underground rail-road” to help Russian refugees in China get certificates to allow them to immigrate to the Land of Israel (which was under the British mandate at the time).
On June 12, 1921, together with 44 other members of the Siberian Zionist Organization, Alexander boarded the Lloyd Triestino “Nippon” cargo ship. After 40 days at sea they arrived at Port Said, Egypt and then took another ship to Jaffa, Palestine. In Jaffa Alexander joined the "Siberian Group" of new immigrants that set to pave the new road between Haifa and Geda and then built British constructions in Jenin. Laborers at that group remember Alexander as the crazy guy who after a long working day would march around the encampment reciting Russian poetry while others were entirely worn out trying to rest.
When Alexander fell ill with Malaria, he was sent to the hospital in Tel Aviv and fell in love with the nurse, which later became his wife, Rebecca Volkenstein (b. Chita, Siberia, 1897–1981). Rebecca herself was active in establishing the Hadassah Nursing School in Tel Aviv; she was the head nurse in that school and after moving to Jerusalem continued to work in Hadassah Medical Center and in other care centers until her 80s. Alexander and Rebecca had two children, Manuela Fuller and Gabriel (Gabbi) Ezer, 6 grandchildren and 14 great-grandchildren. In 1973, Alexander died after a long battle with cancer. Alexander and Rebecca are buried in Israel's Har HaMenuchot Cemetery in Givat Shaul, Jerusalem.
Promoting Industry.
Alexander developed a vision of making Israel an industrial powerhouse. He began to organize local industrial exhibitions in 1923 and 1924, which later were expanded into an international Fairs, the 1928 and 1934 “Levant Fairs” (or “Eastern Fairs”). The symbol of the fairs was the flying camel, envisioned by Ezer and designed by the architect Arie Elchanani. These fairs grew rapidly: in the Levant Fair of 1934, 820 international companies were represented and 600,000 people from around the world came to see the public exhibitions. At the time, Tel Aviv was only populated by about 35,000 people. To accommodate the fair, Alexander and Meir Dizengoff (the first mayor of Tel Aviv) established the company "Mischar Ve Taasia" (Trade and Industry Publishing and Exhibition Co.), which purchased land north of Tel Aviv to develop the fair grounds (). They also published a bi-weekly magazine, "Mischar Ve Taasia", starting in 1925, with Ezer serving as its editor (). In 1927, Ezer published "Palestine from the Air", one of the first aerial photography ever taken in this region. Unfortunately, an Arab upheaval erupted in 1939, which made Tel Aviv a dangerous place for an international fair to be held. As a result, the Levant Fairs had to be canceled and instead Alexander organized the Middle-East pavilion of the 1939 World Fair held in New York City.
Origin of the Name Ezer.
After Israel fought and won its War of Independence, Alexander Yevserov and his good friend Moshe Shertok wanted new names to go along with their new state. They decided to make their new names synonyms of each other. Shertok changed his name to Sharet, which means “to serve” in Hebrew. Yevserov changed his name to Ezer, which means “to help” in Hebrew. Sharet eventually became the first Israeli Minister of Foreign Affairs and the second Prime Minister of Israel after the first Prime Minister David Ben Gurion resigned.
Other work.
Ezer’s next vision was to make Jerusalem, the new capital, a center for commerce, industry and culture for Israel and the world's Jews. In 1950, he built the National Conference Center of Jerusalem (“Binyanei HaUmah” in Hebrew). Among the famous events held at the center were the Zionist Congress, a 1953's exhibition of Israel's achievements "blooming desert" and the 1958 exhibition for the 10th anniversary of Israel. Ezer helped in the publication of the first Israeli Encyclopedia, and he founded the International Club of Hebrew Literature. He thought that the best way to help the economy of the young state was to establish a strong tourism industry. He founded the Ministry of Tourism and became the first government adviser of tourism. Additionally, he authored books and newspaper articles about the history of the Zionist movement, politics, art, culture and more. He started a radio broadcast for Russian Jews who under the communist regime were not allowed any communications with the outside world. His radio provided the Russian Jews with accurate information about Israel in contradiction to official Russian propaganda. His radio pseudonym was Asaf-Tal-Or, a combination of the names of his three grandsons.
Awards and recognition.
He was listed as one of the 2,000 most influential men in the world and appears in Who's Who of World Jewry.
The mayor of Jerusalem Teddy Kollek gave him the honorary Medallion of the City.

</doc>
<doc id="18723792" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18723792" title="Macrotermitinae">
Macrotermitinae

Macrotermitinae constitute a subfamily of the harvester termites and allies (family Termitidae). The termites are traditionally classified as order Isoptera, but have been found to be a subgroup of the Blattaria (roaches and allies) and consequently should be treated as part of this group; what taxonomy entomologists eventually will settle upon has not been decided yet.
This subfamily consists of 14 genera and about 350 species. They include "Macrotermes bellicosus", whose huge queen can attain a length of 10.6 cm (4.2 in) and breadth of 5.5 cm (2.2 in), making them the largest existing termites. The other adults, on the other hand, are about a third of the size.

</doc>
<doc id="18723793" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18723793" title="Shayne Reese">
Shayne Reese

Shayne Leanne Reese OAM (born 15 September 1982 in Ballarat, Victoria, Australia) is an Australian medley and freestyle swimmer.
She competed in the 4 × 200 m freestyle relay at the 2004 Summer Olympics, in which Australia placed fourth.
She was a member of the Australian 4 × 100 m freestyle relay team since 2005, thereby participating in a quartet that won gold at the World Championships in 2005 and 2007 and the 2006 Commonwealth Games.
At the 2008 Australian Swimming Championships she qualified as a member of the 4 × 100 m freestyle relay team.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18723794" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18723794" title="Lysaght">
Lysaght

Lysaght can refer to

</doc>
<doc id="18723816" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18723816" title="Pursuit Channel">
Pursuit Channel

Pursuit Channel is a specialty television channel that airs programming geared to hunting, fishing, and outdoor recreation. It is based in Luverne, Alabama and launched on DirecTV April 23, 2008. It gained additional coverage on cable and broadcast systems before launching on Dish Network in Jan 2011. Its tag line is "IT'S A WAY OF LIFE". Founder of this channel is Rusty Faulk/CEO, who is a renowned leader in the outdoor community. According to its website, Pursuit is currently delivered to over 37 million viewers, over 20 million of them being DirecTV customers. and 14 million on Dish Network. The remainder of the viewers are various cable and broadcasting stations.
Availability.
Satellite.
Pursuit Channel is available via Satellite AMC-18, and on DirecTV and Dish Network.
Cable.
On cable, it is available on Troy Cablevision in Troy, Alabama and Luverne, Alabama, and on the cable systems that carry its broadcast affiliates.
Broadcast stations.
Pursuit Channel is also available on some broadcast stations. Most of them are either Class A or low power stations which only carry the channel part-time in conjunction with other small networks or local programming. Some of these stations are also former affiliates of competitor The Sportsman Channel, which is no longer available over-the-air.
Competitors.
Channels with content similar to Pursuit Channel include Sportsman Channel and sister network Outdoor Channel.

</doc>
<doc id="18723820" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18723820" title="Hayden Stoeckel">
Hayden Stoeckel

Hayden Ernest Stoeckel (born 10 August 1984 in Kingscliff, New South Wales, Australia) is an Olympic and National Record holding backstroke swimmer from Australia. He swam for Australia at the 2008 Olympics where he tied with Russia's Arkady Vyatchanin for the bronze medal in the 100m backstroke; in semifinals of the event he also set a new Australian and Commonwealth Record (52.97).
Stoeckel is a member of South Australia's Norwood Swimming Club.
Stoeckel started his swimming with the Berri Swimming Club in South Australia. The swimming pool in Berri was renamed the Hayden Stoeckel Swimming Pool after he won two medals at the 2008 Olympics.
At the 2007 World Championships, Stoeckel failed to advance from the preliminary heats of the 50m backstroke after coming 21st in a time of 26.38, failing to progress by 0.14 seconds. In the 100m event, he missed out on the semifinals by 0.01, placing 17th in the heats in a time of 55.64. However, one of the swimmers ahead of him withdrew from the semifinals, so he swam, finishing last in 55.51. He was eliminated in the heats of the 200m backstroke, finishing 24th in a time of 2:02.32. He competed in the heats of the 4×100m medley relay, posting the fastest backstroke leg in a time of 55.18, as Australia qualified fourth. He was dropped in favour of Matt Welsh in the final, which Australia won.
At the 2008 Australian Swimming Championships he qualified in the 100m and 200m backstrokes for Australia's 2008 Olympic Team, placing second and first respectively.
In the 100m backstroke at the 2008 Olympics, Stoeckel won his heat and was seventh fastest going into the semifinals in a time of 53.93. He won the second semifinal in a time of 52.97, setting an Olympic, Commonwealth and Australian record to qualify fastest for the final. In the final, he finished third in a time of 53.18, tying for the bronze medal. Aaron Peirsol broke the world record in 52.54 s to defend his Olympic title.
Stoeckel came sixth in the 200m back and was part of Australia's a silver-medal winning medley relay.
In early 2009, he qualified to swim at the 2009 World Championships; however, two weeks before championships he withdrew from the Australian team due to an injury.

</doc>
<doc id="18723831" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18723831" title="Periklis Dorkofikis">
Periklis Dorkofikis

Periklis Dorkofikis (in ; born in 1980) is a Greek professional basketball player. He is tall and he plays at the power forward position. He is currently playing for AEK Athens BC from 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="18723839" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18723839" title="Ashley Delaney">
Ashley Delaney

Ashley Jason Delaney (born 11 April 1986 in Sale, Victoria, Australia) is a national-record holding and Olympic and World Championship medal-winning swimmer from Australia. He swam for Australia at the 2008 Summer Olympics.
Career.
His first international success came at the 2006 Oceania Championships, where he set the Championships Records in the 50 m, 100 m and 200 m backstroke.
At the 2008 Telstra Trials he qualified in the 100 m and the 200 m backstroke, placing first and second respectively to qualify for the Olympics in Beijing. He left Beijing with a silver in the 4 × 100 m medley relay, and a fifth place finish in the 100m backstroke.
In 2009, he won all three backstroke events at the 2009 Telstra Trials, setting national records in the 50 and 200 m. At the World Championships, with arguably Australia's strongest leg absent (freestyler Eamon Sullivan), the medley relay team was overhauled by Germany, finishing with bronze.
In 2010 Delany was bested by longtime rival Hayden Stoeckel in all three backstrokes at the Australian Championships. At the 2010 Pan Pacific Swimming Championships, Delaney won bronze in the 100 m backstroke. He backed up his form on the second night, taking silver in the 50 m. Night 3 saw him finish 4th in the 200m backstroke. On the final night Delaney collected another bronze in the medley relay.

</doc>
<doc id="18723847" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18723847" title="Brianne Moncrief">
Brianne Moncrief

Brianne Hughes Moncrief (born January 13, 1983) is an American soap opera actress. She was best known for the role of Colby Chandler on "All My Children".
Brianne was born in San Jose, CA but grew up in Mission Viejo. She has trained at Lincoln Center, the London Dramatic Academy, and Fordham University, where she earned a degree in performing arts. The role of Colby Chandler on All My Children was Moncrief's first television job as a series regular, she first aired on May 7, 2008 and contract was not picked up in November 2009. She lives in New York.

</doc>
<doc id="18723850" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18723850" title="HLA-B44">
HLA-B44

HLA-B44 (B44) is an HLA-B serotype. The serotype identifies the B*44 gene-allele protein products of HLA-B. 
B44 is a split antigen of the broad antigen B12, and is a sister type of B45.
Disease.
HLA-B44 increases recurrent sinopulmonary infections. Protective effects: HLA-B44 appears to be protective against autoimmune lymphoproliferative syndrome in patients with C95 defect (ALPS type Ia). B44 may be a cofactor in ankylosing spondylitis

</doc>
<doc id="18723874" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18723874" title="Christian Sprenger">
Christian Sprenger

Christian David Sprenger (born 19 December 1985) is an Australian breaststroke swimmer. He trains at the Commercial Swimming Club under Simon Cusack
Swimming career.
At the 2008 Australian Swimming Championships he qualified in the 100 m and the 200 m breaststroke, placing second in both events to qualify for the Olympics in Beijing. He failed to make the finals in either event but picked up a silver after swimming in the heats of the medley relay. Later on in the year he won nine individual FINA World Cup races during the 2008 series. He also won seven silvers and three bronze.
Sprenger had his first individual success at global level in 2009, breaking Kosuke Kitajima's world record in the semifinals of the 200m breaststroke, and took taking two bronze medals at the World Championships in Rome.
He had more international success in 2010, as he captured a silver in the 100 m breaststroke at the 2010 Pan Pacific Swimming Championships and a bronze in the medley relay. Along with 3 medals at the Commonwealth games.
A career highlight, Sprenger won silver in the 100 m breaststroke at the 2012 London Olympics with a new personal best of 58.93. In the Semi-Final Sprenger committed an illegal fly kick in his final stroke into the wall but due to FINA not permitting underwater cameras for judging he was not disqualified and allowed to swim in the final
At the 2013 World Aquatics, Sprenger captured gold in the 100m breaststroke in a new personal best time. He also collected silver in the 50m breaststroke.
Personal life.
Sprenger is of German descent. His cousin Nicholas Sprenger is a freestyler who represented Australia at the 2004 and 2008 Olympics.
Career Best Times.
Sprenger has broken 2 world records in his career

</doc>
<doc id="18723876" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18723876" title="Giannis Kyriakopoulos">
Giannis Kyriakopoulos

Giannis Kyriakopoulos, AKA Ioannis Kyriakopoulos (in ; born 1983) is a Greek professional basketball player. He is 1.88 m (6'2") in height and he plays at the point guard position. He has played for AEK Athens BC. He was named Guard of the Year for the All-Greek A2 2005-06 Season Awards.

</doc>
<doc id="18723883" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18723883" title="Conklin, Alberta">
Conklin, Alberta

Conklin is a hamlet in northern Alberta, Canada within the Regional Municipality (R.M.) of Wood Buffalo. It is located on Highway 881 between Fort McMurray and Lac La Biche. It has an elevation of .
The hamlet is located in census division No. 16 and in the federal riding of Fort McMurray-Athabasca.
Demographics.
The population of Conklin in 2012 was 318 according to a municipal census conducted by the R.M of Wood Buffalo.
As a designated place in the 2011 Census, Conklin had a population of 211 living in 66 of its 86 total dwellings, a 6% change from its 2006 population of 199. With a land area of , it had a population density of in 2011.
As of 2006, Conklin had a total population of 199 living in 60 dwellings. With a land area of , it has a population density of .

</doc>
<doc id="18723923" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18723923" title="Stacey Porter">
Stacey Porter

Stacey Porter (born 29 March 1982) is an Australian professional softball first/third baseman. She represented New South Wales in Australian national competitions, where she won several national championships on the junior team. She played university softball for the University of Hawaii from 2001 to 2003 where she set several records and was named to the All-American team. She has played professional softball in Japan. She represented Australia at the junior and senior level and competed at the 2004 Summer Olympics where she won a silver medal and the 2008 Summer Olympics where she won a bronze medal.
Personal.
Porter, an Indigenous Australian, was born on 29 March 1982 in Tamworth, New South Wales. She is tall. She attended Peel Technology High School, while playing club field hockey. She later attended the University of Hawaii at Manoa and was a freshman in 2001, and a junior in 2003. Growing up, she wanted to be a travel agent.
Porter has moved around. From 2001 to 2003, she was in Hawaii, U.S., where she attended the University of Hawaii at Manoa. In 2006, she was living in Stanhope Gardens, New South Wales and in 2008, she was living in Glenwood, New South Wales. She moved to the Sydney area from Tamworth to gain access to better training facilities.
Softball.
Porter plays first and third base. The "Eastern Reporter" and "Stirling Times" describe her as the "woman regarded as the worlds best batter". In 2008, she played for had a scholarship with and played for the Australian Institute of Sport team. In 2012, she coached the Western Desert softball team in an exhibition match in Perth, Western Australia. The Desert team was created by Indigenous Sports Program, part of the Western Australian Department of Sport and Recreation (DSR) run with Softball Western Australia and Newcrest Mining. The team she coached drew players from Parnngurr, Warralong, Jigalong, Kiwirrkurra, Nullagine and Punmu. She plays Australian club softball for the Hills Softball Club. In 2008, she was playing professionally in the Japanese Softball League.
Porter was the first indigenous Australian to represent the country at softball in the Olympics, when she competed in the 2004 Summer Olympics. In March 2012, it was announced that she and Vanessa Stokes would be part of a programme funded by Softball Australia and the federal government to increase aboriginal involvement in the sport.
University team.
Porter, playing third base, joined the University of Hawaii team in 2001, where she started in 49 games and played in 53 total games. While there, she had six home runs, scoring the sixth in a game against Texas Tech and in the process broke the university's freshman home run record. That season, she finished second on the team the number of runs batted and total home runs. She was honoured with being the WAC Player of the Week in the fifth on 7 May 2001. She was twice named to all-tournaments teams, once for the Malihini Tourney and the second time for the Hawai`i Invitational.
Porter played with the university again for their 2002 season, where she started all 60 games. This season, she played first base and hit in the clean-up position. At the end of the season, her statistics included a hitting 47 RBIs with 24 coming against conference opponents, 15 home runs overall and seven against conference opponents, and having a batting average of .347 against conference opponents. In a 30 March game against San Jose State University, she set a personal career-high four hits in a single game. That season, she had a streak of having hits nine games in a row.
Porter returned for the university's 2003 season. She started every game that season. She was named to the Louisville Slugger/NFCA Division I All-America first team. At the end of the season, she broke her own school and conference record for the number of home runs in a single season having batted 17 of them and had a batting average of .479. She was also named to the Western Athletic Conference first team, named the conferences player of the year and was named to a NFCA/Louisville Slugger first-team All-American, only the eighth player from her university to earn that recognition. She sat out her senior year to spend more time with the Australian national team.
State team.
Porter represents New South Wales in national competitions. In 1997, she represented the state at the U16 national championships where her team finished first. She was with the U16 team again in 1998 and 1999 at the national competition. In all three years, she was named the Batter of the Series. She then moved up to the U19 team, where at one tournament she was named the "Most Valuable Player" after having tournament stats of batting average of .607, with five doubles, five homers, and 17 runs scored.
Junior national team.
Porter has represented Australia at the junior national level. In 1998, she was a member of the Australian Junior Superball Team and accompanied the team on a tour of the United States. In 1999, she represented Australia as a member of the U19 team at the Junior World Championships in Taipei.
Senior national team.
Porter made her debut on the senior national team in 2002, as a twenty year old. She was in a possible for the 2004 Summer Olympics team. In January 2004, she was named to the Australian Institute of Sport squad and given a scholarship. The team had 25 players and was the one that Olympic selectors would chose from to compete at the Games. She represented Australia at the 2004 Summer Olympics and 2008 Summer Olympics, winning a silver medal at the 2004 Games. In the gold medal match, she hit a double that allowed Sandra Allen to score. This was the only time at the 2004 Games where an opposition hitter scored a run off an American pitcher. She played in the 2008 Olympic Games march against Canada. She played in the 3–1 victory over Taiwan. In the game, she got to base after having been walked and then made it to base to score one of Australia's runs. She won a Bronze at the 2008 Games.
Porter has also won a gold medal at the World Championships. In 2008, she earned a silver medal at the Canada Cup. She represented Australia at the 2009 World Cup of Softball. In the second game against the Americans at the World Cup, she had a home run. Australia took home a silver in the competition. She competed at the 2010 World Championships in Venezuela, where she captained the Australian side. In 2011, she was a member of the Australian side that competed at the World Cup of Softball. She played in game at the Cup against the United States in which Australia lost 5–2. It was her second loss on the day, also having played in a game in which Australia lost to Japan. She is a member of the 2012 Australia women's national softball team and is trying to secure a spot on the roster so she will be able compete at the 2012 ISF XIII Women's World Championships . She competed in a March 2012 test series against the Japan women's national softball team in Canberra.
Recognition.
Porter has been recognised for her softball play. She has been named the Australian Softballer of the Year in 2005. That year, she was also recognised by being named Blacktown City's 2005 Sportsperson of the Year, and the 2005 Deadly Awards in the category of female sportswoman of the year. In 2008, she was the NAIDOC Sportsperson of the Year.

</doc>
<doc id="18723937" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18723937" title="Order of Olga">
Order of Olga

The Order of Olga (Württemberg) "(German:Olga-Orden)" was created by Karl I, King of Württemberg, on June 27, 1871, to honor his queen consort, Olga Nikolaevna of Russia. Its primary purpose was to honor women who cared for wounded soldiers in the Franco-Prussian War of 1870 – 1871. While it was conferred on a few men, it remained largely a women’s order. 
The insignia was a cross of silver with the interlocking cipher of the King Karl and Queen Olga on the obverse and the years 1870-71 on the reverse. This emblem was suspended from a red and black ribbon. Men, including the king, wore it from the button hole of his coat or as a military medal, while ladies wore it suspended form a large bow on their left breast. 
In 1889, a similar medal was created – the Karl Olga Medal – for service to the Red Cross. This decoration was, incidentally, also given primarily to women, but was not part of the Order of Olga.

</doc>
<doc id="18723946" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18723946" title="D. J. Thompson">
D. J. Thompson

D.J. Thompson (born May 2, 1985) is an American professional basketball player. He is 1.74 m (5 ft 8 ½ in) in height and he plays the point guard position. He currently plays with the pro club Balıkesir in the Turkish Basketball Second League.
Amateur career.
Thompson played his high school basketball in Raleigh, North Carolina at Leesville Road High School and he played collegiality at Appalachian State University, where he had career averages of 13.0 points per game, 4.1 assists per game and 2.8 rebounds per game. In his senior year of college, he averaged 15.6 points per game, 4.9 assists per game and 3.3 rebounds per game. He led the Mountaineers to a 25-8 record, to the Southern Conference North Division title, and to a National Invitation Tournament (NIT) bid. During his senior year his team managed to get wins over Davidson College, Wichita State University, the University of Virginia, Virginia Commonwealth University and Vanderbilt University.

</doc>
<doc id="18723947" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18723947" title="Neil Hartman">
Neil Hartman

Neil Hartman is an award-winning sports personality for Comcast SportsNet Philadelphia. 
Hartman was honored by the National Sportscasters and Sportswriters Association as the state's Sportscaster of the Year in 2000. Hartman's career spans over 30 years. Before joining CSN, Hartman was sports anchor and reporter for KYW-TV as well as WPHL-TV. 
He received two Mid-Atlantic Emmy Awards and a "Philadelphia" magazine "Best of Philly" Sports Talk Show Award while working for 1210 AM. Hartman has been the primetime anchor for Comcast SportsNet since its inception in 1997. 
Family.
He resides in Mount Laurel, New Jersey with his wife and two children, Owen and Talia.

</doc>
<doc id="18723957" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18723957" title="Angelman syndrome">
Angelman syndrome

Angelman syndrome (; abbreviated AS) is a neuro-genetic disorder characterized by severe intellectual and developmental disability, sleep disturbance, seizures, jerky movements (especially hand-flapping), frequent laughter or smiling, and usually a happy demeanor.
AS is a classic example of genomic imprinting in that it is caused by deletion or inactivation of genes on the maternally inherited chromosome 15 while the paternal copy, which may be of normal sequence, is imprinted and therefore silenced. The sister syndrome, Prader-Willi syndrome, is caused by a similar loss of paternally inherited genes and maternal imprinting. AS is named after a British pediatrician, Dr. Harry Angelman, who first described the syndrome in 1965. An older, alternative term for AS, "happy puppet syndrome", is generally considered pejorative and stigmatizing so it is no longer the accepted term, though it is sometimes still used as an informal term of diagnosis. People with AS are sometimes known as "angels", both because of the syndrome's name and because of their youthful, happy appearance.
Signs and symptoms.
The following text lists signs and symptoms of Angelman syndrome and their relative frequency in affected individuals.
Consistent (100%)
Frequent (more than 80%)
Associated (20–80%)
Pathophysiology.
Angelman syndrome is caused by the loss of the normal maternal contribution to a region of chromosome 15, most commonly by deletion of a segment of that chromosome. Other causes include uniparental disomy, translocation, or single gene mutation in that region. A healthy person receives two copies of chromosome 15, one from the mother, the other from the father. However, in the region of the chromosome that is critical for Angelman syndrome, the maternal and paternal contribution express certain genes very differently. This is due to sex-specific epigenetic imprinting; the biochemical mechanism is DNA methylation. In a normal individual, the maternal allele is expressed and the paternal allele is specifically silenced in the developing brain. If the maternal contribution is lost or mutated, the result is Angelman syndrome. (When the paternal contribution is lost, by similar mechanisms, the result is Prader-Willi syndrome.) It should be noted that the methylation test that is performed for Angelman syndrome (a defect in UBE3A) is actually looking for methylation on the gene's neighbor SNRPN (which is silenced by methylation on the maternal copy of the gene).
Angelman syndrome can also be the result of mutation of a single gene. This gene ("UBE3A", part of the ubiquitin pathway) is present on both the maternal and paternal chromosomes, but differs in the pattern of methylation (imprinting). The paternal silencing of the "UBE3A" gene occurs in a brain region-specific manner; in the hippocampus and cerebellum, the maternal allele is almost exclusively the active one. The most common genetic defect leading to Angelman syndrome is an ~4Mb (mega base) maternal deletion in chromosomal region 15q11-13 causing an absence of "UBE3A" expression in the paternally imprinted brain regions. "UBE3A" codes for an E6-AP ubiquitin ligase, which chooses its substrates very selectively, and the four identified E6-AP substrates have shed little light on the possible molecular mechanisms underlying Angelman syndrome in humans.
Initial studies of mice that do not express maternal "UBE3A" show severe impairments in hippocampal memory formation. Most notably, there is a deficit in a learning paradigm that involves hippocampus-dependent contextual fear conditioning. In addition, maintenance of long-term synaptic plasticity in hippocampal area CA1 "in vitro" is disrupted in "Ube3a"-/- mice. These results provide links amongst hippocampal synaptic plasticity "in vitro", formation of hippocampus-dependent memory "in vivo", and the molecular pathology of Angelman syndrome.
Neurophysiology.
One of the more notable features of Angelman Syndrome (AS) is the syndrome’s pathognomonic neurophysiological findings. The electroencephalogram (EEG) in AS is usually very abnormal, and more abnormal than clinically expected. Three distinct interictal patterns are seen in these patients. The most common pattern is a very large amplitude 2–3 Hz rhythm most prominent in prefrontal leads. Next most common is a symmetrical 4–6 Hz high voltage rhythm. The third pattern, 3–6 Hz activity punctuated by spikes and sharp waves in occipital leads, is associated with eye closure. Paroxysms of laughter have no relation to the EEG, ruling out this feature as a gelastic phenomenon.
It appears that the neurons of patients with Angelman syndrome are formed correctly, but they cannot function properly.
Diagnosis.
The diagnosis of Angelman syndrome is based on:
Diagnostic criteria for the disorder were initially established in 1995 in collaboration with the Angelman syndrome Foundation (USA); these criteria have undergone revision in 2005.
Treatment.
There is currently no cure available. The epilepsy can be controlled by the use of one or more types of anticonvulsant medications. However, there are difficulties in ascertaining the levels and types of anticonvulsant medications needed to establish control, because AS is usually associated with having multiple varieties of seizures, rather than just the one as in normal cases of epilepsy. Many families use melatonin to promote sleep in a condition which often affects sleep patterns. Many individuals with Angelman syndrome sleep for a maximum of 5 hours at any one time. Mild laxatives are also used frequently to encourage regular bowel movements, and early intervention with physiotherapy is important to encourage joint mobility and prevent stiffening of the joints.
Those with the syndrome are generally happy and contented people who like human contact and play. People with AS exhibit a profound desire for personal interaction with others. Communication can be difficult at first, but as a child with AS develops, there is a definite character and ability to make themselves understood. People with AS tend to develop strong non-verbal skills to compensate for their limited use of speech. It is widely accepted that their understanding of communication directed to them is much larger than their ability to return conversation. Most afflicted people will not develop more than 5–10 words, if any at all.
Seizures are a consequence, but so is excessive laughter, which is a major hindrance to early diagnosis.
Prognosis.
The severity of the symptoms associated with Angelman syndrome varies significantly across the population of those affected. Some speech and a greater degree of self-care are possible among the least profoundly affected. Unfortunately, walking and the use of simple sign language may be beyond the reach of the more profoundly affected. Early and continued participation in physical, occupational (related to the development of fine-motor control skills), and communication (speech) therapies are believed to improve significantly the prognosis (in the areas of cognition and communication) of individuals affected by AS. Further, the specific genetic mechanism underlying the condition is thought to correlate to the general prognosis of the affected person. On one end of the spectrum, a mutation to the UBE3A gene is thought to correlate to the least affected, whereas larger deletions on chromosome 15 are thought to correspond to the most affected.
The clinical features of Angelman syndrome alter with age. As adulthood approaches, hyperactivity and poor sleep patterns improve. The seizures decrease in frequency and often cease altogether and the EEG abnormalities are less obvious. Medication is typically advisable to those with seizure disorders. Often overlooked is the contribution of the poor sleep patterns to the frequency and/or severity of the seizures. Medication may be worthwhile to help deal with this issue and improve the prognosis with respect to seizures and sleep. Also noteworthy are the reports that the frequency and severity of seizures temporarily escalate in pubescent Angelman syndrome girls, but do not seem to affect long-term health.
The facial features remain recognizable with age, but many adults with AS look remarkably youthful for their age.
Puberty and menstruation begin at around the average age. Sexual development is thought to be unaffected, as evidenced by a single reported case of a woman with Angelman syndrome conceiving a female child who also had Angelman syndrome.
The majority of those with AS achieve continence by day and some by night. Angelman syndrome is not a degenerative syndrome. Many people with AS improve their living skills with support.
Dressing skills are variable and usually limited to items of clothing without buttons or zippers. Most adults can eat with a knife or spoon and fork, and can learn to perform simple household tasks. General health is fairly good and life-span near average. Particular problems which have arisen in adults are a tendency to obesity (more in females), and worsening of scoliosis if it is present. The affectionate nature which is also a positive aspect in the younger children may also persist into adult life where it can pose a problem socially, but this problem is not insurmountable.
History.
Harry Angelman, a pediatrician working in Warrington, England, first reported three children with this condition in 1965. Angelman later described his choice of the title "Puppet Children" to describe these cases as being related to an oil painting he had seen while vacationing in Italy:
Case reports from the United States first began appearing in the medical literature in the early 1980s. In 1987, it was first noted that around half of the children with AS have a small piece of chromosome 15 missing ("chromosome 15q partial deletion").
Epidemiology.
Though the prevalence of Angelman syndrome is not precisely known, there are some estimates. The best data available are from studies of school age children, ages 6–13 years, living in Sweden and from Denmark where the diagnosis of AS children in medical clinics was compared to an 8-year period of about 45,000 births. The Swedish study showed an AS prevalence of about 1/20,000 and the Danish study showed a minimum AS prevalence of about 1/10,000.
Research.
Two researchers are working on therapeutic treatments for Angelman Syndrome: Dr Edwin Weeber is seeking to begin human clinical trials in 2012 and Dr Ben Philpot's research is showing promise in the mouse model. Each are seeking to test compounds that have been previously approved for use in humans, but not as a therapeutic treatment for Angelman Syndrome.
In popular culture.
In the 2011 Philippine drama series "Budoy", the titular character and main protagonist Budoy Maniego (played by Filipino actor Gerald Anderson) is diagnosed with Angelman Syndrome.

</doc>
<doc id="18723958" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18723958" title="Battle of Al Faw">
Battle of Al Faw

Battle of Al Faw may refer to one of the following:

</doc>
<doc id="18723960" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18723960" title="Matthias Brandner">
Matthias Brandner

Matthias Brandner is a fictional character from the German soap opera "Verbotene Liebe (Forbidden Love)" portrayed by actor and entertainer Thomas Ohrner. He made his first appearance on screen on January 15, 2008.
Storylines.
The arrival.
Matthias comes together with his wife Katja to Düsseldorf, after his cousin Arno Brandner invited them. What only was planned as a short visit, became more, when Matthias found out that his daughter Lydia has a new job in this town. Katja begged him to stay and after his company, what he worked for in his old hometown Flensburg, he agreed to stay and begin a new life. Arno tells them that they can stay as long as they want. The family soon later is joined by Matthias and Katja's youngest son Fabian. 
When Matthias loses his job in Flensburg, Arno wants to help his cousin and gives him work at his own construction company 'Brandner Bau'. But then it comes to first tensions between Arno and Matthias when he helps Arno's daughter Susanne to get enough money from his ex-wife Elisabeth to save the company. Arno doesn't want the help of his ex-wife and loses almost his company to Adrian Degenhardt out of pride. But then it is one of Arno's worst enemies, Sebastian von Lahnstein, who is also Lydia's new boyfriend helps him get his company back and fixes also the money problem Arno was in.
The betrayal.
Matthias is impressed with Sebastian and thinks that he is the right guy for his daughter. But the young couple has many problems to solve. Matthias' own marriage falls apart when his wife Katja confesses to him that she slept with another man and eventually that she is pregnant. Matthias has problems to deal with all that, but tries to rescue his marriage over and over again. Then he is even willing to accept Katja's unborn child, in case it isn't his. 
Matthias gets credit from his family for working things with Katja out, when he has the suspicion that the man Katja might have slept with is Lydia's boyfriend Sebastian. But his son Fabian tells him, that this would be insane and that Katja would never do this to Lydia. Matthias thinks Fabian is right and is on a business trip for the next few days. 
When he comes back, he soon learns that his instinct was right. Katja slept with Sebastian and destroyed with that one-night-stand the whole family. Matthias is angry and can't believe that Katja would betray him and Lydia like that. He throws her out of the house with the announcement that he wants a divorce. When David, Matthias' other son, returns from Australia he tries to talk to his parents and get them back together, but their decision seems final.
But in the end, Matthias can't stay away from her and sees that Katja is his great love and he never will get over her. He takes her back and wants to give her another chance, which Lydia doesn't understand and fears to lose her father. But with time, Lydia begins to miss Katja too. Matthias hopes that he sooner or later can reunite his family. When Lydia helps Katja to give birth to her daughter Christina, the two finally reconcile. Matthias first doesn't know how to deal with Christina, still not knowing if she really is his daughter, but after a moment of soul searching he accepts Christina as his daughter. Together with David, Lydia and Christina, Matthias and Katja celebrate Christmas, before Katja starts to feel sick. Matthias is worried and wants her to see a doctor, but she won't listen. Short time later, Lydia promises her mother to take care of the family, before Katja dies in Matthias' arms.
The new love.
He tries to move on and finds a good new friend in Nathalie Käppler.While she becomes a friend of the family, Nathalie starts to realize that she develops strong feelings for Matthias. He surprises Nathalie to spend the day with him and Christina at a baby swimming class. A day that ends with the two sharing a kiss. They eventually become a couple, but have to deal with the jealousy of Nathalie's former husband Ansgar von Lahnstein. He tries to ruin the construction company Brandner Bau in order to get Nathalie back. When she tries to stop him and gets into one of his schemes, Ansgar makes it seem like Nathalie cheated on Matthias with him. But it doesn't take Matthias long to see that Ansgar only tries to separate them and do whatever it takes to be successful. Ansgar almost can ruin the company though, but thanks to a new project, Arno and Matthias can rescue Brandner Bau. Nathalie and Matthias look into their bright future with now expecting their first child together.
Fighting for Christina.
Sebastian and Matthias both try to avoid to subject of Christina's paternity, but when she has an accident on Sebastian's wedding with Lydia and needs a blood donation, Matthias finds out that he isn't a match and not Christina's father. Lydia and Sebastian are shocked and Lydia can't believe that her father and husband lied to her before, by telling her that they already had a paternity test with Matthias as biological father. Sebastian tries to handle to situation in staying away from his daughter in order to save his marriage. But with time and his involvement in the Brandner family, Sebastian comes close to Christina and can't hide his fatherly feelings for long. When Matthias realizes that Sebastian wants to be a part of his daughter's life, he is alarmed and fears to lose her to the man who once slept with his deceased wife. The two get into fights over and over again and Sebastian even plans to get custody, when he needs to realize that because of Katja and Matthias' marriage he has no legal claim on Christina. Matthias and Sebastian then try to work out a visit agreement, but Sebastian oversteps by getting to much fatherly feelings for the girl.

</doc>
<doc id="18723962" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18723962" title="Consulate-General of Indonesia, Houston">
Consulate-General of Indonesia, Houston

The Consulate-General of Indonesia in Houston () is Indonesia's diplomatic facility in Houston, Texas, United States.
The building is located at 10900 Richmond Avenue in the Westchase district. The facility serves the U.S. states of Arkansas, Alabama, Florida, Georgia, Louisiana, Mississippi, New Mexico, Oklahoma, Tennessee, and Texas. In addition the Houston consulate serves Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands. The consulate includes an exhibit of Indonesian culture.
As of 2004 Houston had the fifth largest Indonesian population in the United States; this helps sustain the consulate.
History.
The Indonesian consulate opened on May 25, 1982 with Rachadi Iskandar as the first consul general. From its founding until March 1988 the consulate existed on the 19th floor of Three Post Oak Central, an Uptown Houston skyscraper part of the Post Oak Central complex. In April 1988 the consulate moved to 5633 Richmond Avenue. In 1993, consul general Achmad Surjadi purchased the building located at 10900 Richmond Avenue.
The consulate coordinated some relief efforts for victims of the Banda Aceh tsunami generated by the 2004 Indian Ocean earthquake and, later in 2005, Hurricane Katrina. For the typhoon victims, nearly 500 boxes of clothing and other supplies were shipped to Medan and more than $50,000 U.S. dollars in cash donations was received. Fund-raising events for Hurricane Katrina victims raised $7,500.

</doc>
<doc id="18723972" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18723972" title="St George Cricket Club">
St George Cricket Club

St George Cricket Club is a cricket club based in the St. George area that competes in Sydney Grade Cricket. The club's home ground is Hurstville Oval. Many famous Australian Test cricketers have represented the club.

</doc>
<doc id="18724033" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18724033" title="Indravarman V">
Indravarman V

Indravarman V was a king of Champa whose reign began in 1265 by declining to give his respects in person to the Mongol Khan, Kublai Khan. He died, however, before he could face the wrath of Mongolia, leaving his son, Chế Mân, to face the challenge.

</doc>
<doc id="18724041" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18724041" title="MV Malibu Princess">
MV Malibu Princess

MV "Malibu Princess" is a passenger vessel privately owned by Young Life and which also owns and operates the Malibu Club in Canada located at Malibu, British Columbia, adjacent to the narrow entrance of Princess Louisa Inlet. The ship is used specifically to transport people and freight to Malibu.
History.
During those early years, Young Life was reliant on charter freight boats to transport their young passengers from Vancouver to Malibu. By 1965, Young Life was faced with a challenge when their stable chartered freight hauler would no longer be in business.
A suitable vessel would need to be designed and built per Young Life's needs and a letter of intent was issued. Once approved, Philip F. Spaulding and Associates of Seattle was selected to design the vessel and the False Creek shipyard selected was Allied Shipbuilders Ltd. who would build the ship. The name of the ship would be called the "Malibu Princess" after a large yacht Young Life sold to help finance it which would be renamed the "Weatherly". 
The overall cost of the ship was $335,000 with $135,000 coming from the Canadian Maritime Commission Ship Subsidy and from the proceeds from the sale of the soon-to-be "Weatherly". The remaining funds were through a loan that Mr. C.D. Weyerhaeuser was able to secure. Eventually, the boat was paid off through fund raising and major donations. 
When she was launched, the "Malibu Princess" was based out of, the North Vancouver waterfront, around the site of the current SeaBus Terminal, at the foot of Chesterfield Ave., then from 1972, she used a pier, just West from the old Pier B-C, which is now the location of Canada Place and the thriving cruise ship facility of Vancouver. The "Princess" would make its 16+ hour round trip from Vancouver to Malibu, taking campers and supplies to "The Bu" then returning with finished campers, this trip was done once a week. But in 1992, the "Princess" was moved to her new berth at Egmont which helped cut down the travel time by more than 60%, thereby reducing the overall wear & tear on the ship plus reduced significantly the fuel costs. Campers heading to "The Bu" are now brought to Egmont on charter bus, along the scenic Sunshine Coast highway, via B.C. Ferries Horseshoe Bay to Langdale Terminal. 

</doc>
<doc id="18724047" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18724047" title="Wild Wood High School (disambiguation)">
Wild Wood High School (disambiguation)


</doc>
<doc id="18724055" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18724055" title="Thomas Crump">
Thomas Crump

Thomas Crump (5 July 1845 – 8 January 1907) was an English cricketer. He was a right-handed batsman and underarm bowler who played for Somerset. Crump was born in Bristol and died in East Pennard.
Crump made a single first-class appearance, against Hampshire in 1885, scoring 8 runs in the only innings in which he batted.
Crump was a lower-order batsman.

</doc>
<doc id="18724056" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18724056" title="Western Philippines University">
Western Philippines University

The Western Philippines University is a state higher education institution located at Aborlan, Palawan. The University began as the Aborlan Farm Settlement School for the Tagbanuas (an indigenous cultural community of Palawan) in 1910. It became the Aborlan Agricultural High School in 1928, and the Palawan Regional Agricultural School in 1960. It was renamed Palawan National School in 1962, and became the Palawan National Agricultural College. Its name was again changed to State Polytechnic College of Palawan in 1995 by virtue of R.A. 8012, and in 2004 President Gloria Macapagal-Arroyo signed the R.A. 9260 converting it to Western Philippines University.
Vision.
The Western Philippines University (WPU) will be recognized internationally as a knowledge center for sustainable resource development and management.
Mission.
The Western Philippines University commits to develop quality human resource and green technologies for a dynamic economy and sustainable development through relevant instruction, research, extension and extension services
Curricular Offerings.
Baccalaureate Courses.
Laboratory High School
Laboratory Elementary School
Pre-School
Awards & Citations.
1. The Western Philippines University has seven campuses and three technology resource centers all over the province. It is the Center of Excellence in Fisheries in Region IV, Center for Information Communication and Technology in Region IV-B, and the Maritime and Ocean Affairs Center of the Department of Foreign Affairs in the province.<br>
2. The university is awarded Center of Excellence in Fisheries in Region IV by the Commission on Higher Education from 1999 to present.<br>
3. WPU is also the Affiliated Non-Conventional Energy Center (ANEC) of the Department of Energy in Palawan. This special project is nominated for the 2006 Green Energy Awards sponsored by the Department of Energy (DOE) & Capacity Building to Remove Barriers in Renewable Energy Development (CBRED) Project.<br>
4. The university ranks second to UPLB among 81 HEIs in the CHED Zonal Research Survey for Regions IV and V in terms of Research Management Information System (RMIS) Productivity from 1999-2005.<br>
5. WPU has developed 32 product lines from cashew and one of the initiators of the roasted cashew whole nut industry in Palawan. Recently, it is nominated by the Southern Tagalog Regional Research and Development Consortium (STARRDEC) to be the Center of Excellence for Cashew Research and Development.<br>
6. It has invented eight agricultural machinery utility models, namely: motor-driven banana chipper, mechanized peanut sheller, village-type coco coir decorticator, cashew sheller, mechanized paddy gatherer, cassava puller, cassava chipper, and multi-purpose dryer.<br>
7. As an advocate of sustainable resource development and management, WPU has always been in the forefront for environmental concerns and serves as a partner of various line agencies and non-government organizations for research and extension undertakings. WPU is seriously undertaking the expansion of its curricular offerings, land reservation holdings, other programs and projects and modernizing its facilities to serve better the poor but deserving bright students of Palawan, the region and the country.<br>
8. No. 18 in the top 50 performing institutions in the Philippines in the Licensure Examination for Teachers (2000-2002).<br>
9. Tops the institutions with 10-20 examinees and ranks 3rd in the whole country in the 2003 Licensure Examination for Foresters.<br>
10. Lead agency in Cashew and Cocozone Development Program in Palawan.<br>
11. Provincial Center for Human Rights Education.
Key Officials.
Dr. Elsa P. Manarpaac (University President)
Dr. Julie Hope Timotea P. Evina (Vice President for Academic Affairs)
Dr. Benjamin J. Gonzales (Vice President for Research and Extension)
Dr. Oscar G. Nalzaro (Campus Administrator, WPU PPC Campus)
Dr. Marcelino Jojo Tabago (Dean, Graduate School)
Dr. Eulenia C. Pizana (Dean, College of Agriculture)
Dr. Rosali S. Nostratis (Dean, College of Business Economics and Management)
Prof. Merline B. Rabaya (Dean, College of Teacher Education)
Eng'r. Mirriam P. Banlawe (Dean, College of Engineering Architecture and Technology)
Dr. Lita B. Sopsop (Dean, College of Arts and Sciences)
Prof. Agustin C. Padul (Dean, College of Forestry and Environmental Sciences)
Prof. Efipanio C. Untalan (Dean, College of Community Development)
Dr. Lota A. Creencia (Dean, College Fisheries and Maritime Technology)
Dr. David R. Perez (Dean, College of Arts Sciences Technology)
Prof. Bienvenido E. Desamito (Dean, External Campuses)
Mr. Esagani G. Sarsagat (Chief Administrative Officer)
Dr. Virginta O. Dela Cruz (Dean, Office of the Student Services)
Address and contact information.
Western Philippines University Main Campus<br>
Aborlan, Palawan<br>
5302 Philippines<br>
Phone: (048) 723-0072 to 73<br>
Cellphone: +639193836791<br>
Website: <br>
Email: wpu webmail@yahoo.com
WPU Puerto Princesa Campus<br>
Sta. Monica, Puerto Princesa City<br>
5300 Philippines<br>
Telefax: (048) 433-4367<br>
Phone: (048) 434-3908/433-4480<br>
Website: <br>
Email: wpuppc.ict@gmail.com
"WPU Liaison Office"<br>
Dian Cor. Diesel Streets, Palanan, Makati City<br>
Phone: (02)831-2014

</doc>
<doc id="18724071" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18724071" title="Charles Allen (cricketer)">
Charles Allen (cricketer)

Charles Allen (31 May 1878 – 22 May 1958) was an English first class cricketer who played for Gloucestershire County Cricket Club. Both of the games that he played were for Gloucestershire. He was born and died in Cirencester.

</doc>
<doc id="18724093" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18724093" title="Curau">
Curau

Curau () is a Brazilian sweet custard-like dessert made from the expressed juice of unripe maize, cooked with milk and sugar.
The term "curau" is used mostly the southern states such as São Paulo, Mato Grosso and Mato Grosso do Sul. It is also called "corá" () in Minas Gerais, "papa-de-milho" "corn porridge" in Rio de Janeiro, and "canjica" in the northern half of Brazil (Northeast and North regions).
Typical recipes.
Curau recipes typically call for about 1/2 to 2 liters of milk and 1 to 3 cups of sugar for 10 ears of unripe maize or sweet corn. Other ingredients may be added, such as a pinch of salt, a tablespoon of butter, etc.. The milk may be replaced in part by coconut milk or condensed milk.
To prepare the curau, the corn kernels are grated off the ears and put into a cloth bag. The bag is then squeezed while adding the milk little by little, so as to extract as much juice as possible from the ground corn mass. Alternatively, the ground corn and milk may be processed with a blender and then passed through fine sieve.
The extracted liquid is combined with the sugar and any other ingredients, and thickened to a creamy consistency by cooking on the stove for about 45 minutes (or in the microwave oven for 12–15 minutes), stirring frequently. The cream is then poured into appropriate containers (dessert cups, muffin molds, shallow baking pans, etc.)
The curau may be served warm or cool (when it acquires a firm custard-like consistency). It is typically dusted with powdered cinnamon.
Curau in popular culture.
A giant canjica has been prepared every year since 1999 in the town of São João de Caruaru in northeast Brazil; the 2008 issue was 35 meters long and used 4,500 ears of corn.
In the southern states, the word "canjica" is used for a different dessert, made with ripe unground white maize kernels, cooked in milk until soft, and which is called "mungunzá doce" in the northern half of Brazil.

</doc>
<doc id="18724103" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18724103" title="Thorny skate">
Thorny skate

The thorny skate ("Amblyraja radiata") is a species of fish in Rajidae family. It mainly lives near the bottom of the coastline of North Atlantic Ocean in depths ranging from 20 to 1000 metres and temperatures from 1 to 10 degrees Celsius. It was also located in Lake Melville, near Goose Bay, Labrador. Rivers empty into the lake and the lake bottom is mostly made up of sand. Thorny skates have been caught in this lake in the 1980s by ice fishermen when outside temperatures were -30 degrees C.
Species Description.
The length of its body and tail is generally slightly less than 1 meter and width is about half a meter. Its underside is smooth, but the upper side is, as the name suggest, very rough with many small thorns all over and 13-17 larger ones in line from the back of the head to end of the tail. The top side is brown with possibly black spots and the underside is white. It has a hard, roughly triangular snout and a tail, which is shorter than its body. It eats crustaceans, small fishes and worms. It produces egg capsules, which are 3.4-8.9 cm long and 2.3-6.8 cm wide, which hatch outside the body. It was originally named "Raja radiata".
Conservation status.
Thorny skate are taken as bycatch in some fisheries. It is a U.S. National Marine Fisheries Service Species of Concern. Species of Concern are those species about which the U.S. Government’s National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, National Marine Fisheries Service (NMFS), has some concerns regarding status and threats, but for which insufficient information is available to indicate a need to list the species under the U.S. Endangered Species Act.

</doc>
<doc id="18724109" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18724109" title="Violet Blue">
Violet Blue

Violet Blue is an American journalist, author, editor, advisor, and educator.
Blue wrote a weekly sex column for the "San Francisco Chronicle" until 2010. In her podcast, Open Source Sex, she reads erotica and discusses topics such as fetishes and oral sex. She also has a video blog. She lectures at San Francisco Sex Information on the topics of oral sex and fetish. Blue is the author of several books on sex and has edited several volumes of erotica anthologies. Her first book, an erotic anthology she edited, was titled "Sweet Life: Erotic Fantasies for Couples". It was published in December 2001 by Cleis Press.
Controversies.
Name.
Violet Blue is the author's legal name. In an online article, she has stated:
My name really is Violet Blue. Despite any rubbish you’ve seen by my harassers and detractors, Violet Blue is the name on my passport, social security card, all my ID, and it is who I am.
Violet Blue has registered her name as a trademark with the United States Patent and Trademark Office. The request was filed on March 2, 2007, and registered as a service mark on March 4, 2008.
On August 19, 2011, Blue's Google+ account was suspended for failing to comply with the Google+ real name policy, but this decision was reversed three days later.
Litigation.
In October 2007, Blue filed a lawsuit against adult actress Ada Mae Johnson, who had performed as "Violet Blue" since 2000, alleging that Johnson had adopted Blue's persona, and her recently trademarked (in 2007) name, "Violet Blue." She said she had been using the name in writings since 1999. The lawsuit alleged trademark violation and dilution, as well as unfair business practices. Pursuant to a preliminary injunction and court order granted in 2007 to cease using "names, trademarks and Internet domains confusingly similar to, or identical to, Plaintiff's trademark VIOLET BLUE," Johnson changed her stage name to Noname Jane. The lawsuit was settled in
October 2008.
In July 2008, Blue sought restraining orders against online critics David Burch (aka Ben Burch) and Nina Alter to prohibit them from e-mailing her, editing her Wikipedia page, or writing unkindly about her online. Both motions were dismissed but she is allowed to file again.
Boing Boing deletions.
Around June 2008, there was controversy in the blogosphere after Violet Blue posted on her blog claiming that the blog Boing Boing had removed all posts referring to the author (estimated by a Los Angeles Times blogger to number at least 70) from the site. A heated debate ensued after a brief statement on the Boing Boing site regarding this action stated: "Violet behaved in a way that made us reconsider whether we wanted to lend her any credibility or associate with her. It's our blog and so we made an editorial decision, like we do every single day". Boing Boing editor Xeni Jardin said that she hoped she would not have to make the reasons public.
vb.ly URL shortener.
In August 2009, Violet Blue and Ben Metcalfe launched a URL shortening service with the domain name codice_1, which was described as "the Internet's first and only sex-positive URL shortener." The site was hosted on the .ly top-level domain, and the main page showed Violet Blue holding a bottle of beer. In October 2010, the site was shut down following a letter to Violet Blue from Libya Telecom & Technology, saying that the site was contrary to the principles of Sharia law and stating: "The issue of offensive imagery is quite subjective, as what I may deem as offensive you might not, but I think you'll agree that a picture of a scantily clad lady with some bottle in her hand isn't exactly what most would consider decent or family friendly at the least." Ben Metcalfe responded by stating, "We're very clear that the site did not have pornographic or adult content hosted on it; but even if we did, my bigger concern is that the domain registry is trying to regulate against the content of a website. A domain and a website are two extricably decoupled and separate entities."
Security Bsides talk cancellation.
In February 2013, Violet Blue cancelled her Security B-Sides talk "sex +/- drugs: known vulns and exploits" due to a complaint from the Ada Initiative that the talk was off-topic and might contain rape triggers.

</doc>
<doc id="18724113" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18724113" title="Doomtree (album)">
Doomtree (album)

Doomtree is the first official album from Minneapolis indie hip hop collective Doomtree. It was released in 2008. After putting a series of "False Hopes" albums, the crew decided it was finally time to release a true album.

</doc>
<doc id="18724130" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18724130" title="Everybody Wants to Go to Heaven">
Everybody Wants to Go to Heaven

"Everybody Wants to Go to Heaven" is a country music song co-written by American songwriters Jim Collins and Marty Dodson. The song was initially to have been recorded by singer George Strait for his 2008 album "Troubadour", but after Strait decided not to include the song on this album, it was recorded by Kenny Chesney instead. Released in August 2008, Chesney's rendition is his thirty-eighth Top 40 country hit and his fifteenth Number One hit. Chesney's version is the first single from his album "Lucky Old Sun", which was released on his own Blue Chair label in association with BNA Records.
The song is part of the tracklist for "Now That's What I Call Country Volume 2".
History and content.
"Everybody Wants to Go to Heaven" was co-written by Marty Dodson and Jim Collins, the latter of whom has previously co-written two other singles for Chesney: "She Thinks My Tractor's Sexy" from late 1999-early 2000, and "The Good Stuff" from mid-2002. Initially, George Strait had recorded the song for his 2008 album "Troubadour". Although Strait's version did not make the album's final cut, he nonetheless made his own rendition available as a digital download. Chesney then recorded his own version of the song, and released it as the first single from his studio album "Lucky Old Sun", his first project for his personal Blue Chair label (in association with BNA Records, the label to which he has been signed since 1995).
Chesney's rendition of the song is a mid-tempo, set in a calypso orchestration with a slight reggae feel, and is backed by the The Wailers, who also sing the final chorus on the album version. Its lyrics find the narrator detailing his life to a preacher who has told him to forgo a lifestyle of drinking alcohol and pursuing sexual desires, in favor of a more religious-oriented style. In the chorus, the narrator responds with "Everybody wants to go to heaven / But nobody wants to go now".
Reception.
Matt C., a reviewer for the country music blog The 9513, gave "Everybody Wants to Go to Heaven" a "thumbs down" rating. Although his review makes note of the song's "carefree sentiment that characterizes standards like 'Live Fast, Love Hard, Die Young'", he considered the calypso orchestration "patently offensive".
Alison Bonaguro, who contributes to the blog for the television network CMT, gave the song a more positive review. Although she referred to the instrumentation as "not-so-country", she described the song's sentiment favorably, comparing it to Tim McGraw's "Live Like You Were Dying", but without a "preachy feel".
Kevin John Coyne, reviewing the song for Country Universe, gave it a B rating. He said the only problem with the song is the production. He went on to say "the calypso trimmings used to be a distinctive trademark of Kenny Chesney records, but by now, they’re a crutch." 
Music video.
In August 2008, Chesney traveled to Jamaica to film the song's music video. The Wailers are featured in the video as well.
Charts.
"Everybody Wants to Go to Heaven" debuted at number 22 on the "Billboard" Hot Country Songs chart dated for the week of August 16, 2008. For the chart week of October 18, 2008, it has become his fifteenth Number One hit. The next week, its second and final week at Number One, the song was credited as "Kenny Chesney with The Wailers". Prior to this, it had been credited to Chesney alone.

</doc>
<doc id="18724202" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18724202" title="Melissa Lawson">
Melissa Lawson

Melissa Ann Lawson (born April 10, 1976) is an American country music singer. On August 4, 2008, she was declared the winner of the television program "Nashville Star", a country music singing competition which aired on NBC. Signed to Warner Bros. Records Nashville, she released her debut single "What If It All Goes Right" that year, and charted on Hot Country Songs with it. Although Lawson's label released her before she debuted her first album, she is currently performing and just released her new Praise and Worship CD: "CONSTANT".
Biography.
Born in Dallas, Texas, she grew up in Arlington, TX where she continues to make her home. Lawson is a working mother with 5 sons. She is married to Rick Lawson who is also a musician and singer. He owns a successful roofing company he started in 2001. in November 2009 he became the General Manager for the state of Texas for a large commercial roofing company. In 2004, she tried out for the fourth season of American Idol, and made it to Hollywood week, eventually being cut in the top 75.
Lawson was to appear on an episode of the NBC 2010 summer series "Breakthrough with Tony Robbins" dealing with personal issues with her husband in the wake of her fame. However the program was canceled from airing on television before Lawson's episode could air due to low ratings, and it instead premiered in mid-August 2010 for video-on-demand streaming via NBC.com for a limited one month period.
Music career.
2008-present: "What If It All Goes Right" and label release.
Following her win on "Nashville Star", Lawsons' debut single, "What If It All Goes Right", was released on August 5, 2008 to radio. It debuted and peaked at No. 49 on the U.S. "Billboard" Hot Country Songs chart as well as No. 79 on the "Billboard" Hot 100, due to legal music downloads. It was then re-released in November 2008, where it re-entered the country charts at No. 55, and eventually reached No. 43. It was the number one Country music download on iTunes and Top 10 for all genres within 24 hours of release.
Warner Brothers, as a major label, was experiencing challenges in the industry which led them to the decision to not promote new artists. In a mutually acceptable agreement, Melissa Lawson was released by Warner to pursue other opportunities. John Rich successfully produced a number of tracks for an upcoming release. Melissa was able to secure the rights to the recordings for future release.
"Nashville Star".
Melissa Lawson was the oldest contestant among the ten finalists. She has lost almost 100 pounds since first auditioning for the show.
She is the sixth "Nashville Star", following previous winners Buddy Jewell, Brad Cotter, Erika Jo, Chris Young and Angela Hacker. The sixth season marked the first time "Nashville Star" was featured on NBC, after five seasons on USA Network.

</doc>
<doc id="18724213" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18724213" title="Thomas Ballard">
Thomas Ballard

Colonel Thomas Ballard (1630/1–March 24, 1689/90) was a prominent colonial Virginia landowner and politician who played a controversial role in Bacon's Rebellion. He served on the Governor's Council 1670–79 and was Speaker of the Virginia House of Burgesses 1680–82.
Early life.
Ballard was probably born in England in approximately 1630. Despite extensive research over the past 30 years no evidence has yet been found to identify Ballard's parentage, birthplace or birth date. Previously published hypotheses concerning the ancestry of Ballard were analysed and disproven over a decade ago.
Early career.
Ballard married Anne Thomas in 1650; they had eight children. From about July 1652–March 1663 he was clerk of York County, where he owned land. He also patented land in Gloucester County along the Mattaponi River and Propotank Creek. He actively bought and sold land throughout the colony for most of his adult life.
By 1666 Ballard had moved to James City County, which first elected him to the House of Burgesses that year. He became a close associate of Governor Sir William Berkeley, and was appointed to the Council in June 1670. He was active in the bar, and served as High Sheriff of James City County in 1674. He also became a customs collector. In 1675 he bought a farm in Middle Plantation, the future site of Williamsburg, Virginia.
Bacon's Rebellion.
Ballard sold a tract of land in Henrico County to Nathaniel Bacon in 1675. The following year, as Bacon's public hostility to Berkeley's governorship grew, Ballard attempted to mediate the dispute. In June, he negotiated a brief reconciliation between the two, persuading Berkeley to award Bacon a commission to fight Indians. Bacon went into open rebellion in July, forcing Berkeley to flee to the Eastern Shore of Virginia. On July 30, Bacon declared Ballard a "wicked and pernitious counsellor."
Four days later, on August 3, Bacon held a meeting at Middle Plantation at which Ballard, among many others, signed an oath of loyalty to him. Ballard also signed papers urging Bacon to call an election and convene the General Assembly.
In September, Bacon used Anna Ballard and other councillors' wives as human shields in a clash with Berkeley's forces at Jamestown. After Bacon's death in October, the rebellion collapsed. Ballard served on a number of the ensuing courts-martial that condemned the surviving rebels.
In 1677 Berkeley was removed as governor. Lieutenant Governor Herbert Jeffreys removed Ballard from the Council and his customs post, citing his oath to Bacon as proof of his "mutinous Spirit".
Later life.
Anna Ballard died in 1678. Thomas Ballard later married Alice Hilliard; they had two children.
In 1679, instructions from London confirmed that Ballard and Philip Ludwell, two members of the "Green Spring faction" of diehard Berkeley loyalists, were barred from the Council. Ballard was returned to the House of Burgesses from James City County, and the House chose him as Speaker for the session of 1680–82. After his service as Speaker, he remained in the House until 1686. He also commanded the county militia during this period.
Ballard was a vestryman of Bruton Parish in Middle Plantation when it built its first brick church in 1682–83. He spent his final years pursuing a lawsuit against Nathaniel Bacon's estate, trying to recover the balance due on the 1675 land sale.
Ballard died and was buried at Bruton Parish Church on March 24, 1689.
Aftermath.
Ballard's oldest son and heir, Thomas Ballard, Jr., sold the Middle Plantation estate shortly after his father's death. Most of it went to form the campus of the College of William and Mary.

</doc>
<doc id="18724244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18724244" title="Cross Keys Confederate order of battle">
Cross Keys Confederate order of battle

The following Confederate States Army units and commanders fought in the Battle of Cross Keys of the American Civil War. The Union order of battle is listed separately.
Department of the Valley.
MG Thomas J. Jackson
Forces at Cross Keys.
MG Richard S. Ewell

</doc>
<doc id="18724245" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18724245" title="Now That Summer is Gone">
Now That Summer is Gone

Now That Summer is Gone is a 1938 "Merrie Melodies" cartoon short about a lazy squirrel who gambles for winter nuts against the other squirrels instead of gathering them himself.
Plot.
Despite his father's advice not to gamble, the young squirrel still insists on the "easy way" on getting his nuts for winter. Before the first snow comes, the young squirrel is told to get their winter supply of nuts from the First Nutional Bank, and just before he leaves the front door, his father reminds him "And remember; no gambling!". On his way home with the nuts, the young squirrel sees a stranger who offers him a game of chance, and the foolish young squirrel (ignorning his father's warning) quickly jumps at the chance. The foolish young squirrel loses at every chance game.
The squirrel is out of luck and now out of the entire supply of winter nuts. The snow starts to fall and the foolish squirrel heads home with no nuts and no luck in telling his father the truth. So, as he enters his home he makes up a lie and tells his father that he was robbed by bandits, jumped and badly attacked by them. But his lying ends very quickly as he discovers that the stranger who won the nuts from him is none other than his own father, who did it to teach his gambling son a lesson. The lesson, however, does not work. When his father is about to give his son ten lashes, he tells his father "I'll flip you for it, double or nothing". The episode ends with the foolish squirrel getting spanked.

</doc>
<doc id="18724262" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18724262" title="Catalina Yue">
Catalina Yue

Catalina Yue (born May 19 in Toronto, Ontario) is a Canadian and American singer, songwriter, actress, model and businesswoman. She is a former delegate in the Miss Universe Canada competition in 2006. She is of Indonesian-Chinese-Japanese and English background.
Biography.
Yue worked as a model and graduated from the Arts and Business Program at the University of Waterloo in Waterloo, Ontario. For her debut album, Yue partnered with the UN Office of the High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR) of Canada, a United Nations agency mandated to protect and support refugees. An agency where Angelina Jolie serves as UN Ambassador. A portion of the proceeds made from the album goes towards protecting refugees worldwide. Yue's album, "Eternally", was released internationally in HMV Stores. She is a highly recognized Asian Canadian singer and artist across North America and is especially prominent in the Asian Canadian community.

</doc>
<doc id="18724283" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18724283" title="Javad Davari">
Javad Davari

Javad Davari (, born April 25, 1983 in Isfahan, Iran) is an Iranian professional basketball player, currently playing as a point guard for Foolad Mahan in the Iranian Basketball Super League. He is 6'1" in height. He is also a member of the Iranian national basketball team and competed at the 2008 Olympic Basketball Tournament. Davari previously played for Zob Ahan before joining Petrochimi.

</doc>
<doc id="18724294" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18724294" title="Modes (Unix)">
Modes (Unix)

Modes are the permissions given to users, groups and/or the 'other' class to access files.
Modes are shown when listing files in long format, or, if Access Control Lists are in use, using getfacl.
Modes can be changed with chmod (for traditional Unix permissions) or with setfacl (for Access Control Lists).
For traditional Unix permissions, the symbolic mode is composed of three components, which are combined to form a single string of text:
The references (or classes) are used to distinguish the users to whom the permissions apply. If no references are specified it defaults to "all". They are represented by one or more of the following letters:
The chmod program uses an operator to specify how the modes of a file should be adjusted. The following operators are accepted: 
The modes indicate which permissions are to be granted or taken away from the specified classes. There are three basic modes which correspond to the basic permissions: 
The combination of these three components produces a string that is understood by the chmod command. Multiple changes can be specified by separating multiple symbolic modes with commas.
String mode examples.
For example, the following command would be used to add the read and write permissions to the user and group classes of a file or directory named sample:
This command removes all permissions, allowing no one to read, write, or execute the file named sample.
The following command changes the permissions for the user and the group to read and execute only (no write permission) on sample.

</doc>
<doc id="18724307" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18724307" title="Christopher Allen">
Christopher Allen

Christopher Wynyard Allen (7 May 1944 – 18 October 2012) was an English cricketer. Allen was a right-handed batsman who bowled slow left-arm orthodox. He was born at Southampton, Hampshire.
Allen moved to Lymington, Hampshire in 1964, when his parents took over The Mayflower pub in the town. Shortly after moving there, he began playing for Lymington Cricket Club, where he was initially encouraged to be a seam bowler. While bowling slow left-arm orthodox in the nets at the County Ground, Southampton, he was spotted by Arthur Holt who encouraged him to stick with that bowling style. Having impressed in club cricket for Lymington, Allen briefly played for the Hampshire Second XI, before being selected to play minor counties cricket for Dorset, making his debut for the county in the 1976 Minor Counties Championship against Cornwall. From 1976 to 1983, Allen played a total of 66 Minor Counties Championship matches, the last of which came against Shropshire. He also made a single appearance for the county in the 1983 MCCA Knockout Trophy against Oxfordshire. He took a total of 252 wickets for Dorset. Allen also made a sole List A appearance for Dorset in the 1983 NatWest Trophy against first-class opponents Essex at Dean Park, Bournemouth. In Dorset's innings 111 all out, Allen was dismissed for 7 runs by Neil Foster, while in Essex's innings he bowled 6 wicketless overs and caught Keith Fletcher, with Essex winning by 7 wickets.
In club cricket, he took a total of 253 wickets in the Southern League for Lymington and the Southampton based Deanery Cricket Club, as well as hundreds more in friendly matches across Hampshire. He went on to become the eighth leading wicket taker in the Southern League. He played a key role in Lymington's victory in the Southern league, taking 32 wickets. He also fulfilled the roles of Lymington captain, chairman and fixture secretary. He died on 18 October 2012, following a battle with bowel cancer.

</doc>
<doc id="18724309" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18724309" title="Cecil C. Steiner">
Cecil C. Steiner

Cecil C. Steiner (1896-1989) was a dentist and one of Edward H. Angle's first students in 1921.
He developed a form of cephalometric analysis, presented in 1953, referred to as the Steiner method of analysis.

</doc>
<doc id="18724315" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18724315" title="Domenico Tripodo">
Domenico Tripodo

Domenico Tripodo (Reggio Calabria, ca. 1923 − Naples, August 26, 1976) was an Italian criminal and a historical and charismatic boss of the 'Ndrangheta dominating the city of Reggio Calabria and the surrounding areas. Also known as Don Mico Tripodo he was one of the most powerful 'Ndrangheta bosses of his time, held in high respect by his criminal associates. 
Powerful ‘Ndrangheta boss.
Tripodo rose to power by ousting the old Reggio boss Domenico Strati after a two-year conflict in 1958-59. In the 1960s, he formed a sort of triumvirate with Antonio Macrì, the boss of the city of Siderno and Girolamo "Mommo" Piromalli, head of the most powerful '"ndrina" on the Tyrrhenian coast. The triumvirate’s senior position was recognized by all other family chiefs and their advice was in most cases followed without protest.
Tripodo acquired considerable financial resources through tobacco smuggling. He had relations with the Sicilian Mafia and was the "compare d’anello" (a kind of best man and trusted friend) of Mafia boss Totò Riina at his wedding in 1974. According to Enzo Ciconte, a specialist on the 'Ndrangheta and a consultant for the Antimafia Commission, that would only be possible if they would be considered to be of the same rank.
Leadership challenged.
Don Mico was a traditional 'Ndrangheta capobastone who, together with Macrì, opposed to new developments in the organisation such as the entry into kidnapping and drug trafficking, as well as the formation of the Santa, a secret society within the 'Ndrangheta established in the early 1970s to maximize the power and invisibility of the most important bosses.
Tripodo was opposed by his former underbosses in Reggio, the De Stefano brothers. They won a monopoly of construction work in northern Reggio Calabria, moving the rival Tripodo group out of the market of public work contracts with the support of the Piromalli and Mammolito clans. They also robbed a shipment of smuggled tobacco belonging to Tripodo. The various disagreement led to bloodshed in the so-called first 'Ndrangheta war, which took place in 1974-76. Tripodo tried to strike first, killing Giovanni De Stefano in 1974.
Arrest and death.
Tripodo did not see the end of the conflict. He was arrested on February 21, 1975, and incarcerated in the Poggioreale prison in Naples. On August 26, 1976, he was stabbed to death in prison on the request of the De Stefano’s with the help of Camorra boss Raffaele Cutolo, the boss of the Nuova Camorra Organizzata (NCO) who worked with the De Stefano’s in drug trafficking. Paolo De Stefano emerged as the new leader of the Reggio Calabria 'Ndrangheta.
After the defeat, his son Carmelo Tripodo first moved to north Italy, later to Caserta in Campania, and finally in 1992 to Fondi in Lazio. He allied himself with the Calabrian Imerti-Condello clan, historical enemies of the De Stefanos. He was arrested on October 30, 1996, in Rome on charges of extortion and usury.

</doc>
<doc id="18724326" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18724326" title="Brian X. Foley">
Brian X. Foley

Brian X. Foley (born December 5, 1957) was a State Senator representing the 3rd District of the New York State Senate. He was elected to his first political office in 1993, representing the Seventh District in the Suffolk County Legislature. He was re-elected five times to the seat once held by his father, John Foley. In 2005, he was elected Supervisor for the Town of Brookhaven, New York. In 2008 he was elected to the State Senate, after defeating 36-year (18 term) incumbent Republican, Caesar Trunzo. He was the first Democrat elected to the State Senate from Suffolk County since 1902.
Foley resides in his native Blue Point, New York with his wife and their two children. A graduate of St. Anthony's High School, Foley continued his education at Saint Michael's College in Colchester, Vermont where he earned a Bachelor of Arts degree in American Studies.
He has served on the Brookhaven Roe YMCA Board of Directors, Brookhaven Memorial Hospital Advisory Board, Patchogue Chamber of Commerce, Suffolk County Community Mediation Center, Sunrise District Boy Scouts of America and the Suffolk County Coalition Against Domestic Violence. In 2004, the Bayport Blue Point Chamber of Commerce presented Foley with its Dedicated Public Service Award. He has been recognized as Person of the Year by the Medford Youth Athletic Association Award in 2000 and the Farmingville Historical Society in 1999. 
Marriage Equality Debate 2009.
Brian X. Foley was seen as a key swing senate vote in the 2009 Marriage Equality debate in New York State. In April 2009, Gov. 
David Paterson announced that he would introduce a Marriage Equality bill in the New York State Legislature. Foley voted in favor of Marriage Equality legislation on December 2, 2009, but the bill was defeated.
MTA Bailout proposal.
Foley supported an MTA bailout that included a controversial payroll tax on employers. Foley, had balked at the payroll tax because it affected school districts and would likely raise property taxes.
Foley eventually agreed to support the MTA bailout; 
2010 defeat.
Foley was defeated by Republican Lee Zeldin on November 2, 2010.
Senator-Elect Zeldin received 57% of votes cast, defeating Brian Foley by 14 points.

</doc>
<doc id="18724332" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18724332" title="Jaya Paramesvaravarman II">
Jaya Paramesvaravarman II

Jaya Paramesvaravarman II, born Prince Angsaraja of Turai-vijaya, was the king of Champa from 1220 to 1254. In 1252, nonstop territorial growth by Champa caused the Vietnamese king Tran Thai Tong to retaliate. In the process, he captured Jaya Paramesvaravarman II's concubine, Bo La Gia, and took other prisoners as well.

</doc>
<doc id="18724346" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18724346" title="Antithrombotic">
Antithrombotic

An antithrombotic agent is a drug that reduces thrombus formation. They can be used therapeutically for primary prevention, secondary prevention, or treatment of an acute thrombus. In the U.S., the American College of Chest Physicians publish clinical guidelines for clinicians the use of these drugs to treat and prevent a variety of diseases.
Processes.
Different antithrombotics affect different blood clotting processes:

</doc>
<doc id="18724348" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18724348" title="Gaye Delorme">
Gaye Delorme

Gaye James Delorme (March 20, 1947 – June 24, 2011) was a Canadian songwriter, composer and guitar player.
History.
Born in Thunder Bay, Ontario, Gaye Delorme grew up in Edmonton, Alberta, and lived primarily in western Canada, until his death.
Delorme was able to play many styles of guitar music including flamenco, classical, jazz (in the styles of Django Reinhardt and Wes Montgomery), country, blues, rock and heavy metal. His wide-ranging skill as a guitarist included the ability to emulate other instruments such as the sitar and the koto. Stevie Ray Vaughan described Delorme as "one of the best".
Delorme was entirely self-taught, having picked up the guitar at age fifteen, during a stint in juvenile detention. In the 1990s, he first learned how to read music.
By 1967, at the age of 19, Delorme had already developed a reputation as a professional musician in Edmonton. At that time, he left for the music scene in Toronto.
In the early 1970s, Delorme led a Jimi Hendrix-styled power trio called The Window in Edmonton, Alberta. Delorme later moved from Edmonton to Calgary, and played in country bands there for a few years. He then formed another trio to play his original rock and blues-oriented tunes, to play the dance club scene in Alberta. Delorme also became a record producer, producing the first demos for Calgary-based band Fosterchild, at Edmonton's Sundown Recorders, owned by Wes Dakus.
After a brief move to Vancouver, Delorme returned to Edmonton in the 90s, and was a mainstay at the Sidetrack Cafe, where he developed a Latin fusion style that at one point featured Gaye leading a 10 piece band with a horn section. From roughly 2000 to 2009, Gaye lived in Vancouver, and focused on his writing, recordings and concerts, often appearing solo. All of Delorme's recordings were released on his own label, Aqua Tarta Music. He also performed as a studio musician for a variety of recording artists. In 2009, Gaye moved back to Edmonton.
Collaborations.
Delorme played with many musicians and groups including Jann Arden, the Powder Blues Band, Lenny Breau, David Foster, Airto Moreira, Billy Cobham and Stanley Clarke. In 2006 he was accompanied by the Edmonton Symphony Orchestra for his performance of Joaquín Rodrigo's Concierto de Aranjuez. 1986 saw Delorme record a one-hour special for CBC television entitled "Gaye Delorme in Concert". As well as composing and playing guitar, he produced k.d. lang's first album "A Truly Western Experience", in addition to his previously referenced production work with Fosterchild.
The LA Years.
Delorme first came to Los Angeles at the initiative of David Foster, then a member of Skylark. The band had lost its guitarist, and Delorme was selected as the replacement. During the 1970s and 1980s, Delorme lived in Los Angeles, collaborating frequently with Cheech and Chong, most notably writing the music for Cheech and Chong's anthem "Earache My Eye". The immediately recognizable guitar riff became part of the modern musical lexicon, with numerous covers of "Earache My Eye" recorded by heavy metal, punk and even hip-hop artists. His long-running association with Cheech and Chong included musical contributions to Cheech and Chong's Next Movie (1980), and culminated with Delorme scoring their film Things Are Tough All Over (1982). The drug and alcohol fueled atmosphere of LA was taking a heavy toll on Delorme by the mid-1980s, so he moved back to his native Canada.
Comedy.
Delorme was often involved in Cheech and Chong's improvised writing process, and humor was integral to his audience rapport during live performances. His own comedy caused a buzz in 1980 when "The Rodeo Song" was released by Garry Lee and the Showdown. The single resulted in a CRIA double-platinum record. The song quickly became a cult favorite and was compiled by Dr. Demento on Demento's Mementos, and was used in the Stephen King film "Sleepwalkers" (1992). Delorme's own version of "The Rodeo Song" was released on the album "Rodeo Songs", in 2002.
Till his death Cheech And Chong Never gave him tickets to their reunion shows when they came to Vancouver they never acknowledged the fact he wrote Ear Ache My Eye and this hurt him dearly. One night after a gig leaving New Westminster Skytrain station he was robbed of his Guitar which cause his stroke.The boys that stole his Beautiful Guitar still have it.He was beat within an inch of his life.The Yale hotel held some benefits for him. Since that night he was never the same.
Awards.
Delorme was nominated for a Grammy Award, and received the Alberta Premier's Award For Excellence, for his lifelong commitment to furthering Alberta musical talent.
Later Life and Death.
In 2000, Delorme was the inaugural artist to be honoured ty the Pacific Coast Music Association in its "Celebrate" series. Delorme was a diabetic and had become legally blind from the disease, as of 2008. Delorme died of a heart attack in Calgary, during the early hours of June 24, 2011, while staying at the home of a friend. He was 64. Delorme was to perform at the Calgary Bluesfest Warmup on June 25, 2011, with his long time sideman, keyboardist Peter Sweetzir.
Discography.
American Jumbo - Beautiful Guitar vol. 2 (2008) Aqua Tarta
Borderline (2002) Aqua Tarta
Delorme (2002) Aqua Tarta
Rodeo Songs (2002) Aqua Tarta
The Best of Gaye Delorme (1999) Aqua Tarta
Beautiful Guitar (1998) Aqua Tarta
Blue Wave Sessions (1990) Aqua Tarta

</doc>
<doc id="18724376" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18724376" title="Screen Play (blog)">
Screen Play (blog)

Screen Play is an Australian videogame culture blog, written by journalist James "DexX" Dominguez, and founded by Jason Hill, for the Fairfax Media newspapers The Age (Melbourne), The Sydney Morning Herald, The Brisbane Times and WA Today. The latter two online newspapers began mirroring the blog on 26 June 2009.
Screen Play was launched on 5 May 2006.
In an initial post, Mr Hill wrote that the blog would: 
"...provide lively and entertaining coverage of the burgeoning games industry... a place where you can debate and share your thoughts on this exciting new medium. And hopefully, have plenty of fun."
Recurring stories/issues.
Some of the issues that Screen Play has revisited on a regular basis include:
Your Turn.
In March 2008, Screen Play launched Your Turn, an initiative to encourage the blog's visitors to contribute their own essays on videogame culture. Another incentive to would-be writers was a monthly prize of a Sony PlayStation 3, the current prize for contributors is a PlayStation Vita.
Your Turn winning essays have included themes such as "passing videogaming onto your children", "how to game when you've hurt one arm" & an intensive investigation comparing Australia's game pricing to pricing in other territories.
Two Player Mode.
In March 2009, Screen Play launched Two Player Mode, an inter-blog debate feature. Each month, a gaming issue is debated between Jason Hill (Screen Play) and David Wildgoose (Kotaku Australia). The debate is mirrored across both blogs.
Split Screen.
In June 2009, Screen Play announced that "Your Turn" contributor James "DexX" Dominguez would be writing a new weekly column, titled "Split Screen". James was described as "one of the Screen Play community's brightest stars" with an "astonishing reservoir of gaming and pop culture". Mr Dominguez is the first Screen Play reader to have been promoted to a regular writing role on the blog. James "DexX" Dominguez took over managing and writing for Screen Play in October 2012, writing Tuesdays through to Fridays.
Game Taco.
In March 2010, four of Screen Play's most prolific contributors launched their own gaming podcast, called Game Taco. James “DexX” Dominguez, Mark “Mr Ak” Johnson, Tim “Wall” Saitta and Steve “Smoolander” Smoothy discuss gaming issues, and interview guests involved in many aspects of videogames. This podcast ended in early 2013 as the contributors faced conflicting priorities.
Critical response.
Jason Hill was awarded "Best Gaming Journalist" in the 2006 Sun Microsystems IT Journalism Awards 

</doc>
<doc id="18724390" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18724390" title="Garry Thomson">
Garry Thomson

Robert Howard Garry Thomson CBE, (13 September 1925 – 23 May 2007) was a conservator and a Buddhist.
Biography.
Robert Howard Garry Thomson (known as Garry Thomson) was born on Carey Island, Malaya, where his father was a planter producing palm oil.
He attended Charterhouse School, in England, after which he served with the Royal Electrical and Mechanical Engineers in India at the end of the Second World War before going on to Magdalene College, Cambridge, where he read Chemistry.
From 1951 to 1955, he worked on the editorial staff of ‘A History of Technology’, then began his long association with the National Gallery in London, where he started as a research chemist. 
Professional life.
Garry Thomson began his career as a Research Chemist, at the National Gallery (London), a post he held from 1955 to 1960, when he was promoted to Scientific Adviser to the Trustees and Head of the Scientific Department at the National Gallery from 1960 a post he held until his retirement in 1985.
In 1968 Garry organized the first conference on museum climatology for the International Institute for Conservation (IIC) in London. He also served as President of the International Institute for Conservation (IIC), from 1983 to 1986.
He undertook various missions for ICCROM, including to Algeria, India and Lebanon. With colleagues, he conceived the ICCROM course on 'Scientific Principles of Conservation', which was launched in Rome in 1974, and in which he also taught.
In 1976 he contributed to the new ICCROM course on 'Preventive Conservation' and was a regular lecturer at ICCROM until 1989. 
Following his retirement he was a trustee of the National Museums and Galleries on Merseyside from 1986 to 1991. In 1999 he received the first Plowden Gold Medal, awarded by the Royal Warrant Holders' Association to recognise the most significant contributions to the advancement of the conservation profession.
The Museum Environment.
Garry Thomson made a significant contribution to Conservation science, Preventive conservation, and Art conservation as a whole with his publication ‘The Museum Environment’ first published in 1978, and revised in 1986. This book became the major source of information regarding recommendations for environmental conditions in museums around the world, and although the guidelines are no longer followed as rigidly as they once were it continues to be a significant guiding book for the discipline. Its popularity continues at least in part due to the way in which he explained complicated scientific concepts in simple terms. The Museum Environment set out parameters for the best conditions in which objects could be stored and displayed within the Museum Environment.
Personal life.
Garry Thomson married, in 1954, Mom Rajawongse Saisvasdi Svasti (known as Noy), the daughter of a Thai prince. They had four sons. 
Outside of his family and professional life the other consuming interest of Thomson's life was Buddhism, which dated back to his time as an undergraduate at Cambridge, where he started a Buddhist group.
For several decades he was a member of the Buddhist Society of London, one of Europe's earliest Buddhist organisations, serving on its council and as vice-president (1978–88); he also taught its basic meditation class. He gave public talks and wrote articles and book reviews for the society's journal Middle Way, and was a regular and enthusiastic contributor to the society's summer school. Producing numerous talks. 
Thomson proved a very influential teacher at a time when interest in Buddhist practice was growing rapidly. Not only was he unassuming, kind and generous with his time; he also brought to the practice of meditation a mind trained in science — intelligent, open, objective and questioning.

</doc>
<doc id="18724399" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18724399" title="Brad Pattison">
Brad Pattison

Brad Pattison is best known for his television series, "At the End of My Leash" which aired as "In the Dog House" in the United States and in South America on Discovery/Animal Planet. The show aired its sixth season in Canada in 2010, where it aired on Slice. It is unclear if the show will be returning, as no episodes have been taped since 2010 and Slice Canada no longer appears to be airing the show. "At the End of My Leash" also aired on Animal Planet in the UK, the Home Channel in South Africa, Norway on FEM, Sweden on SVT2, and Finland on MTV3. It also appears in Italy and Germany, across South America and in over 100 other countries. The first season of new series called "PUPPY SOS" aired in Canada in 2011. It is unclear if Puppy S.O.S. show will return to air on Slice, as they are currently advertising no upcoming season or episodes.
Pattison is the author of four books, "Dog Babysitting Course for Kids", "Synergy between Man and Dog", and "Unleashed" . "Synergy" is available in print through Lulu.com. Unleashed is published by Random House. The Puppy Book is published by Random House and was released in 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="18724406" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18724406" title="Never Miss a Beat">
Never Miss a Beat

"Never Miss a Beat" is a song by the British indie rock band Kaiser Chiefs that was released as the lead single from the band's third album "Off with Their Heads" on 6 October 2008. The song was produced by Mark Ronson and features backing vocals from Lily Allen and members of the rock group New Young Pony Club. It was premiered on 27 August 2008 on the Chris Moyles Show on BBC Radio 1.
On 17 September 2008, the song was added to BBC Radio 1's A-List.
On 12 October 2008, the song entered the UK Singles Chart at #5, therefore marking the band's second UK Top 5 single as well as their fifth to enter the UK Top 10.
The song was used on the Official Formula One website as the background music for the video highlights of the 2008 Japanese Grand Prix
This song was used for the soundtrack in the games , Tap Tap Revenge, and PES 2010. It is playable in Guitar Hero 5, and was in the film "Diary of a Wimpy Kid".
Channel Ten used the song during advertisements promoting its 2009 Australian Football League coverage on its main channel as well as its High Definition channel One HD
Tracklisting.
CD
7"
Music video.
The music video was directed by Goodtimes and was released on 6 October 2008.
The video shows the band performing in The Barge Pole Public House, based in Abbey Wood, South East London, with sporadic glimpses of people wearing masks occurring frequently throughout. These scenes were filmed around the Tavy Bridge area of Thamesmead, South East London.
Ricky Wilson plays a weather man and appears on a television next to the band.

</doc>
<doc id="18724438" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18724438" title="Fred Allen (cricketer)">
Fred Allen (cricketer)

"For other uses, see Fred Allen (disambiguation)."
Frederick Esmond "Fred" Allen (born July 28, 1935 in Carshalton, Surrey) is a former English cricketer who played for Durham County Cricket Club. Having made his recorded Minor Counties Championship debut in 1960, he played one further match before taking a break from 1962, in which he played no Minor Counties matches, to 1965. A top order batsman, he made his name as a number 3 batsman and occasional off spin bowler.
Durham were only awarded first-class status in 1991. Prior to this they played as a "Minor County" against several of the first-class counties' Second XI. Allen's greatest bowling performance was in his third Minor County match, against Warwickshire Second XI taking seven wickets for 53 runs. This was not enough to win the match, as Durham were unable to match Warwickshire's 223, losing the match by an innings and 23 runs. Allen was a regular in the side from 1965–1968 and made his sole List A appearance in 1968, playing in the first round of the Gillette Cup, scoring two runs before being bowled out by seven-time Test cricketer Len Coldwell, in his penultimate year before retiring from first-class cricket.
Allen took part in a single-innings match between Durham and the USA, at Ashbrooke, in which he scored 48 runs. The following week, Allen hit his only century, 123 runs, nearly double his second-best score, against Cumberland in August 1968.
Between 1968 and 1970, Allen continued to play Minor Counties cricket, before retiring at the end of the 1970 season.

</doc>
<doc id="18724439" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18724439" title="Ageratina herbacea">
Ageratina herbacea

Ageratina herbacea is a species of flowering plant in the daisy family known by the common names fragrant snakeroot and Apache snakeroot. It is native to the southwestern United States and northern Mexico, where it grows in several habitat types. This is a perennial herb growing a green, fuzzy stem from a woody caudex to heights between about 50 and 70 centimeters. The leaves are yellow to green or grayish and are triangular to heart-shaped. The inflorescence is a cluster of fuzzy flower heads under a centimeter long containing long, protruding white disc florets and no ray florets. The fruit is an achene a few millimeters long with a rough bristly pappus.

</doc>
<doc id="18724446" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18724446" title="Dead Children Playing">
Dead Children Playing

Dead Children Playing (first edition titled 'Dead Children Playing: A Picture Book') is a picture book by Stanley Donwood and Thom Yorke (under the alias of "Dr. Tchock") featuring artwork that has been used on English alternative rock band Radiohead's albums between 1996 and 2003, and on Thom Yorke's album "The Eraser". The book also contains works of art that have not previously been released, made between 1999 and 2005.
Editions.
The first edition of "Dead Children Playing" was released in 2006, designed to accompany Donwood and Yorke's art exhibition at the Iguapop Gallery in Barcelona, Spain, from November 26 to December 16. The book quickly sold out and was re-released in 2007. 
The second edition was released on 1 October 2007 by Verso Publishing. This edition included 12 more pages than the original printing, containing writings that are also available on Donwood's website. The second edition also had a different cover: "Manhattan" from the series of artwork that accompanied Radiohead's 2003 album "Hail to the Thief".

</doc>
<doc id="18724451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18724451" title="Tay Bee Aye">
Tay Bee Aye

Tay Bee Aye () is a Singaporean multidisciplinary visual artist. Specializing in creating public installations, Tay directly engages her audiences with the societal themes to do with the Singapore society. She is also a pioneer in innovative and interactive contemporary work for children in Singapore.
Born the 3rd of 7 children, Tay's passion for art was very much in her blood since young. As she could not afford herself an art education, art took a backseat, and she joined the workforce soon after finishing her Cambridge GCE O Level Examinations, to help support her family. During her career, she had opportunities to backpack and travel to other countries. With each travel experience of different life and culture, her calling growing stronger. In 1997, Tay quit her job as an accounts executive to study art full-time at Lasalle-SIA College of the Arts, under the Georgette Chen Art Scholarship funded by the College. From the time she graduated in 1999, Tay participated in many arts activities and festivals, such as the 2000 & 2004 Art Festival projects at Clifford Pier for "Tracking Time" and St James Power Station for the exhibition "Reconstruction of a City". Tay had also received two Honorable Mentions at Philip Morris Singapore Art Award in 2002 and 1999, and a Commendation Award at the Singapore Power Ltd Art Competition in 1998.
Tay is passionate with creating works that engage social thinking in Singapore. Her strong tone of self-expression is found in notable works such as the "Her World" series featured in her 2nd solo exhibition in 2005; her steel sculpture, entitled "Caterpillar", echoed her concerns for the environment and the society. In "Her World", Tay critiqued women's obsession towards the beauty standards defined by magazines and the fashion/beauty industry. As a result of this obsession, consumerism created an addiction for women seeking to beautify themselves for the pleasure of men; women seek to empower themselves as independent, modern, and free from the dependence of men. This, she believed, leads to a false sense of beauty and self-esteem in themselves. The "Caterpillar" sculpture is another work of art by Tay, commissioned under partnership programme between National Arts Council and City Developments Ltd. The 15-metre long and 2.3-metre high steel sculpture is lined with 30 poster boxes to look like a caterpillar. The sculpture also has a pragmatic function, serving as a publicity platform to promote arts and cultural activities in a community setting. Tay's ingenuity intends to remind us that caterpillars are tiny environmental indicators of nature, and because their sightings are increasingly rare due to urbanization, humans need to learn to become even more environmentally-conscious.<br>
In 2013, her installation "Knot, Play, Rest" encouraged people to come together to "meet, communicate and play", in her fabric rope playground in the real world, as people are becoming more detached in this age of technology. This work is one of the installation works featured in the 2013 Singapore Biennale.
As much as Tay's works resonate well with her audiences, her works had also sparked a controversy in the arts fraternity. In 2002, her installation of 600 small handcrafted lip-shaped fabric cushions was on display at the atrium of Suntec City, as part of Nokia Singapore Art 2001 exhibition. Unfortunately, the installation became too well-received, resulting with a majority of her small cushions being stolen by the public during the exhibition period. In spite of obstacles in her career, Tay continues to believe in communicating a 'social voice' through her fabrics, and at the same time, transform the lives of her audience by instilling self-confidence and creative expression. This spirit was demonstrated in her work with the Asian Women’s Welfare Association (AWWA), and mentioned at a speech delivered by Acting Minister Lawrence Wong, at The 2013 Committee Of Supply Debate at the Parliament.

</doc>
<doc id="18724476" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18724476" title="The Reading Room">
The Reading Room

The Reading Room is a 2005 television film that originally premiered on Hallmark Channel. It is directed by Georg Stanford Brown.
Plot.
William Campbell (James Earl Jones) is a wealthy businessman who has just lost his wife. He decides to make good on a promise he made her by opening a free reading room in an inner-city neighborhood where he grew up. Despite his good intentions, problems in the neighborhood threaten his establishment, especially from local gang members and a preacher (Georg Stanford Brown) who questions Campbell's motives.

</doc>
<doc id="18724498" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18724498" title="List of New York hardcore bands">
List of New York hardcore bands

This is a list of notable New York hardcore bands.

</doc>
<doc id="18724510" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18724510" title="Port Republic Confederate order of battle">
Port Republic Confederate order of battle

The following Confederate States Army units and commanders fought in the Battle of Port Republic of the American Civil War. The Union order of battle is listed separately.
Department of the Valley.
MG Thomas J. Jackson

</doc>
<doc id="18724570" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18724570" title="Baby Doll (Girlicious song)">
Baby Doll (Girlicious song)

"Baby Doll" is the third single to be released by American pop group Girlicious. The whole song was performed for the first time by Girlicious on television, when they were on Live @ Much on August 6, 2008. This was the last single of Girlicious having four girls in the band. As of Tiffanie's departure, Natalie now sings Tiffanie's verse.
Release.
A 1:30 preview of "Baby Doll" premiered on the web on August 1, 2008. It was confirmed by Natalie Mejia that the song was the group's third single. The single will be released on iTunes Canada in November. It was also stated by Tiffanie that "Baby Doll" will hit the US in the beginning of the 2009. However the music video was already available on iTunes in the US since 2008.
It first entered the Canadian Hot 100 at #75 due to digital downloads during the week the album was released. It re-entered the chart and peaked at #55 after approximately 4 months due to its single release.
Music video.
According to Chrystina Sayers' official MySpace page, Girlicious will be going to the US to shoot a music video for "Baby Doll". Bandmate, Tiffanie Anderson confirmed on her MySpace blog that they will be shooting the video on October 6.
The music video premiered on the show "OnSet" on popular Canadian music station, Much Music, which takes viewers behind the scenes on the set of "Baby Doll". It was directed by Matt Mcdermitt.
The video starts off with the girls in metallic mini dresses and fur, singing in a green Cadillac with hydraulics. They move on to singing in separate scenes and clips of them dancing outside of the Cadillac with the hood up. Girlicious then goes onto "the party scene," performing with male back-up dancers and ends in the "party-scene" with the Girlicious girls laughing with pink money falling from above. The video was shot in Los Angeles, at the Quixtoe Studios and was overseen by Robin Antin and Mikey Minden.
The music video was released to iTunes on Nov 20, 2008, which caused confusion as to if the single was released everywhere as well. However it is only a single in Canada for the time being.
"Baby Doll" also reached #4 on Canada's MuchMusic Countdown.

</doc>
<doc id="18724594" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18724594" title="John Allen (cricketer, born 1974)">
John Allen (cricketer, born 1974)

John Aubrey Allen is an Australian-born first-class cricketer who played for Oxford University Cricket Club. Both his first class games were for Oxford University, one of which was a varsity match 
He was born on 19 July 1974.

</doc>
<doc id="18724599" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18724599" title="Annychka">
Annychka

Annychka () is a 1968 Ukrainian drama. 
The film, which was produced at the Dovzhenko Film Studios, takes place in 1943 and is about a Hutsul girl played by Lyubov Rumyantseva. In 1969 it received a "Golden Tower" award at the Phnom Penh Film Festival in Cambodia. The director received a special prize at the Kyiv Film Festival. In USSR alone, in 1969 25.1 million people saw it. 
Synopsis.
The film dwells of the love story in the midst of the Second World War in 1943. A Hutsul girl Annychka finds herself in the middle of hostilities and gets acquainted with a wounded soldier in the forest. Looking after the soldier, she falls in love with him and turns against her boyfriend in the village, who became a Nazi collaborator. Having told her father of the decision to elope with the soldier she drives her father to despair and eventual insanity. The story ends on a tragic note, when the father kills his daughter.
See also.
Propala Hramota (1972) - other work of Borys Ivchenko

</doc>
<doc id="18724619" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18724619" title="Standard Brands">
Standard Brands

Standard Brands was formed in 1929 by J. P. Morgan with the merger of:
By 1940 it was the number two brand of packaged goods after General Foods. By 1955 the company was listed as 75 in the Fortune 500.
Standard Brands made several acquisitions. It bought Planters in 1960, and the Curtiss Candy Company in 1964. In 1979, it acquired Inver House scotch.
The company merged with Nabisco in 1981 to form Nabisco Brands, Inc.

</doc>
<doc id="18724621" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18724621" title="Tales from the City">
Tales from the City

Tales from the City is the second studio album by Canadian alternative rock band Mobile. It was released on October 7, 2008, in Canada. The debut single from the album, "The Killer", was released on July 1, 2008.
The album was written and recorded in late 2007 and early 2008. The album's sound has some differences than "Tomorrow Starts Today", Mobile's debut album. The songs in this album mesh together better than the previous album, for one. In July 2007 Christian's mother was diagnosed with breast cancer and some of the music in this album was inspired by that event. According to Mat the album "will show a different side of Mobile".
The opening track of "Tales from the City", "Daylight Breaks", was actually written in 2000 and was not recorded until this album. Mobile considers the song "the perfect bridge between" "Tomorrow Starts Today" and "Tales from the City".
Six of the songs from the album can be listened to on MTV's website [http://www.mtv.ca/?id=1595875]. MTV has these songs available to listen to because the band was part of the leak live tour done by MTV from September 22 until October 6, 2008.
It debuted in the Canadian Album Charts at #26.

</doc>
<doc id="18724642" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18724642" title="Foods of the World">
Foods of the World

Foods of the World was a popular series of 27 cookbooks published by Time-Life, beginning in 1968 and extending through the early 1970s, that provided a broad survey of many of the world's major cuisines. The individual volumes were written by well-known experts on the various cuisines and included significant contemporary food writers, including Craig Claiborne, Pierre Franey, James Beard, Julia Child, and M.F.K. Fisher, and was overseen by food writer Michael Field who died before the series was complete. The series combined recipes with food-themed travelogues in an attempt to show the cultural context from which each recipe sprang. 
Each volume came in two parts -- the main book was a large-format, photograph-heavy hardcover book, while extra recipes were presented in a spiralbound booklet with cover artwork to complement the main book. The individual volumes remain collector's items and are widely available on the secondhand market.
The 27 volumes (in alphabetical, not chronological order) include:
The Supplements included:
External links.
recipes of food

</doc>
<doc id="18724644" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18724644" title="In Search of a Song">
In Search of a Song

In Search of a Song is a 1971 album by country singer and songwriter, Tom T. Hall. The album includes eleven songs based on Hall's observations of rural life. It became a number eight top country album and the opening track, "The Year That Clayton Delaney Died" became a number one country single.
History.
"In Search of a Song" was released amid Hall's years with Mercury Records (1969–1977) during which he released one or more albums each year (see Tom T. Hall discography). It is the first full album to result from one of Hall's "song-hunting" trips to Kentucky. Hall was known to make periodic visits to rural Kentucky. He didn't actually write songs on these trips so much as take notes and gather raw material that he would later write about. He typically traveled backroads by car, sometimes with a photographer, to find inspiration by observing and visiting with the common people of his home state.
Track listing.
All songs by Tom T. Hall

</doc>
<doc id="18724652" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18724652" title="Devil's Coulee Dinosaur Heritage Museum">
Devil's Coulee Dinosaur Heritage Museum

Devil's Coulee Dinosaur Heritage Museum, located in Warner, Alberta, Canada, is a key historic site in southern Alberta. In 1997, ten fossilized dinosaur eggs, believed to have come from a Hadrosaur, specifically a Hypacrosaurus were found at Devil's Coulee site. ref></ref> These were not the first fossils to be found in what was often called the Fossil Coulee region of the province and as a result the town of Warner established the museum to help interpret the story.
Affiliations.
The Museum is affiliated with: CMA, CHIN, and Virtual Museum of Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="18724655" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18724655" title="Stalking horse offer">
Stalking horse offer

A stalking horse offer, agreement, or bid is an attempt by a debtor to test the market in advance of an auction. The intent is to maximize the value of its assets as part of (or before) a court auction in case of bankruptcy.
Procedure.
While entering a stalking horse offer, the debtor can offer bidding protections such as breakup fees to its best bidder before the auction. These incentives enhance the value of the offering for the bidder which might lead to a better price offer before the auction begins. This higher offer is now the starting offer for the auction and may result in benefiting the debtor and its estate.
Examples.
On October 22, 2007, technology company SCO asked a bankruptcy court to approve a deal whereby a purchaser would acquire "substantially all assets used by the Company in connection with its SCO UNIX Business and certain related claims in litigation." The agreement included a "stalking horse" provision: If the purchaser, York Capital Management, were to be designated as a stalking horse in subsequent bidding for SCO's assets, and if others outbid York, then SCO would have to pay York a $780,000 breakup fee and reimbursement of all expenses incurred by York up to $300,000. In this way, York would earn its expenses and $780,000 by acting as the stalking horse and preventing other bidders from making lowball offers.
On 4 August 2008, Steve and Barry's LLC, a retailer of casual apparel, filed a stalking horse agreement with the U.S. Bankruptcy Court for the Southern District of New York. Their partner in this asset purchase agreement was BH S&B Holding LLC, a subsidiary of Bay Harbor Management.
On 27 July 2009, "The Wall Street Journal" reported that Telefon AB L.M. Ericsson had won a stalking horse bid to acquire Nortel Networks Corp's CDMA division, for $1.13 billion. 
On July 8, 2010, the Texas Rangers Major League Baseball team announced a potential stalking horse deal. "'An auction with a stalking horse, or minimum, bid is more frequently used than a so-called “naked” auction without a floor price,' William K. Snyder, the court-appointed restructuring officer, said. 'Moreover, the stalking horse bidder commonly receives a “reasonable” break-up fee if unsuccessful in the auction,' said Snyder. Under the scrapped plan, the $304 million in cash portion of the Greenberg-Ryan group’s May 24 deal with owner Tom Hicks would serve as a minimum bid, with the next bid at least $20 million higher. Greenberg-Ryan would have received $15 million if it lost." 
On 21 February 2011, "Reuters" reported Blockbuster's intention to pursue a $290 million stalking horse offer with Cobalt Video Holdco. 
On 4 April 2011, "TechCrunch" reported Google's intention to pursue a $900 million stalking horse bid for Nortel's patents.
In 2013, Hostess Brands used a stalking horse auction to sell off its assets in bankruptcy.
On April 15th, 2013 Eastman Kodak proposed a stalking horse deal of $210 million whereby Brother Industries would acquire Kodak's Document Imaging division ahead of Kodak's bankruptcy court approval slated for June 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="18724673" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18724673" title="PRESat">
PRESat

The PharmaSat Risk Evaluation (PRESat) nanosatellite was about the size of a loaf of bread, weighed about 10 pounds and was constructed in just six months. PRESat contained a micro-laboratory with a controlled environment packed with sensors and optical systems that could have detected the growth, density and health of yeast cells in orbit.
The satellite was lost in the failure of the third Falcon 1 launch.

</doc>
<doc id="18724675" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18724675" title="RRE Ventures">
RRE Ventures

RRE Ventures is a venture capital firm focused on investments across several disciplines, including software, internet, mobile, financial services, environmental, and other related technologies, primarily within the United States, and especially in and around New York. The firm was founded in 1994.
RRE Ventures has provided more than $1 billion of venture capital financing for over 125 companies. Among the firm's notable investments are Achex, Apriva, Concur, Extricity, eMachines, Giga Information Group, Goldpocket, iCrossing, Loudeye, MaMaMedia, Massive, MessageOne, Metapath, Netcentives, Qpass, Recyclebank, Revolution Money, Rubric, ScreamingMedia, Telocity, Vastera, Vocera, Watchguard, WeddingChannel, and Wisdomtree.
The firm's founders include James D. Robinson IV, a venture capitalist and entrepreneur previously with JP Morgan Chase and Hambrecht & Quist, Stuart J. Ellman, a former investment banker at Dillon, Read and Morgan Stanley, and a professor at Columbia Business School, and James D. Robinson III, former Chairman & CEO of American Express, and former Chairman of Bristol-Myers Squibb.
The firm has a group of Fortune 500 executives and entrepreneurs as Senior Advisors, including Larry Bossidy, former Chairman & CEO of Honeywell and Allied Signal; David Coulter, former BankAmerica Corporation CEO; Joseph H. Flom, Senior Partner of Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom; Michael Jordan, CEO of Electronic Data Systems and former CEO of CBS; Shelly Lazarus, Chairman & CEO of Ogilvy & Mather; Sam Nunn, former US Senator from Georgia; Ric Duques, former Chairman & CEO of First Data; and Terry Semel, former Chairman & CEO of Yahoo! and of Warner Brothers. 
Public data indicate the firm's primary outside investors include Pension Funds, Endowments, public corporations, and other private investors. The firm is one of the largest, most active early-stage venture capital firms in New York.

</doc>
<doc id="18724706" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18724706" title="Before You Love Me">
Before You Love Me

"Before You Love Me" is a song by Alsou, her first single released from her first album, "Alsou". It was released on April 30, 2001 in Australia and the United Kingdom, and a few weeks later in May, 2001 in various countries throughout Europe.
The single failed to chart in Australia. It also enjoyed mild success in the United Kingdom where it peaked at number twenty seven.
Much to the dismay of fans, a lack of promotional support from Alsou's record company meant that no further releases occurred in either Australia or the United Kingdom, with the impending release of the "Alsou" album cancelled in both regions. The single was, however, effective in producing the hype in needed throughout Europe for the album to be released and proper promotion to take place.

</doc>
<doc id="18724755" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18724755" title="Tembien">
Tembien

Tembien is one of the former provinces of Ethiopia. It is a mountainous area of that country.
The name Tembien has also been used for:

</doc>
<doc id="18724783" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18724783" title="Ageratina occidentalis">
Ageratina occidentalis

Ageratina occidentalis is a species of flowering plant in the daisy family known by the common name western snakeroot or western eupatorium. It is native to the western United States where it grows in several types of habitat. This is a rhizomatous perennial herb growing fuzzy green or purple stems to a maximum height near 70 centimeters. The glandular leaves are triangular in shape with serrated edges. The inflorescence is a dense cluster of fuzzy flower heads containing long, protruding disc florets in shades of white, pink, and blue. There are no ray florets. The fruit is an achene a few millimeters long with a rough, bristly pappus.
Uses.
Among the Zuni people, this plant is used as an ingredient of "schumaakwe cakes" and used externally for rheumatism and swelling. 

</doc>
<doc id="18724785" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18724785" title="United States House of Representatives elections in Nebraska, 2008">
United States House of Representatives elections in Nebraska, 2008

The 2008 congressional elections in Nebraska were held on November 4, 2008 to determine who would represent the state of Nebraska in the United States House of Representatives, coinciding with the presidential and senatorial elections. Representatives are elected for two-year terms; those elected will serve in the 111th Congress from January 3, 2009 until January 3, 2011.
Nebraska has three seats in the House, apportioned according to the 2000 United States Census. Its 2007-2008 congressional delegation consisted of three Republicans. No district changed hands, although "CQ Politics" had forecasted district 2 to be at some risk for the incumbent party.
The party primary elections were held May 13.
District 1.
This district encompasses most of the eastern quarter of the state. Republican incumbent Jeff Fortenberry (campaign website) won against Democratic nominee Max Yashirin (campaign website). CQ Politics forecasted the race as 'Safe Republican'.
District 2.
This district encompasses the core of the Omaha metropolitan area. Republican incumbent Lee Terry won against Democratic nominee Jim Esch, an Omaha businessman. "CQ Politics" forecasts the race as 'Leans Republican'. "The Cook Political Report" ranks it 'Republican Toss Up'. "The Rothenberg Political Report" rates it 'Toss-Up/Tilt Democratic'.
In 1999, then freshman incumbent Republican Lee Terry announced that he would break the term-limits pledge he made in his 1998 campaign. This garnered some bad press, but he won three more terms with little trouble. However, in 2006, he won by 55% to 45%, much less than expected in a solidly Republican district. His Democratic opponent in that race, Jim Esch, faced him again in 2008. 
District 3.
This district encompasses the western three-fourths of the state. Republican incumbent Adrian Smith (campaign website) won against Democratic nominee Jay C. Stoddard (campaign website). CQ Politics forecasts the race as 'Safe Republican'.

</doc>
<doc id="18724795" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18724795" title="Christopher Stubbs">
Christopher Stubbs

Christopher Stubbs (born March 12, 1958) is an experimental physicist currently on the faculty at Harvard University in both the Department of Physics and the Department of Astronomy. He is a former Chair of Harvard's Department of Physics.
Biography.
Stubbs received an International Baccalaureate degree from Iranzamin International School in Tehran and received a B.Sc. in physics from the University of Virginia in 1981. He received his Ph.D. in physics from the University of Washington in 1988 working with Professor Eric Adelberger on experimental tests of gravity. His Ph.D. thesis ruled out the idea of a fifth force, a proposed long range modification of gravity.

</doc>
<doc id="18724829" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18724829" title="Uihlein">
Uihlein

Uihlein may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18724832" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18724832" title="Mike Richards (television personality)">
Mike Richards (television personality)

Michael G. Richards (born July 5, 1975 in Burbank, California), also known as Mike Richards, is a television personality and producer.
Richards is best known as the second host of "Beauty and the Geek", and has produced numerous game shows including "Weakest Link". Richards is currently the executive producer of "The Price Is Right" and "Let's Make a Deal" and was a candidate to host "Price" before Drew Carey was chosen. Richards hosted GSN's 2012 revival of "The Pyramid".

</doc>
<doc id="18724840" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18724840" title="Angelo Paoli">
Angelo Paoli

Blessed Angelo Paoli (1 September 1642 - 17 January 1720) was an Italian Carmelite, known as "the father of the poor".
Life.
He was born at Argigliano, Tuscany, the son of Angelo Paoli and Santa Morelli, as a young man he spent the greater part of his leisure time in teaching Catholic doctrine to the poor children of Argigliano. At eighteen, he was admitted to the novitiate of the Calced Carmelites at Siena.
After making his vows he spent six years at his studies, was ordained priest, and appointed to the community at Pisa. He was subsequently transferred to Cupoli, Monte Catino, and Fivizzano. Specially devoted to the Passion, he caused wooden crosses to be erected on the hills around Fivizzano (and afterwards in the Coliseum at Rome) to bring the sacred tragedy more vividly before the minds of the inhabitants.
In 1687, he was called to Rome and stationed at the Convent of St. Martin. The remaining years of his life were divided between the care of the sick poor in the city hospitals and the office of Master of Novices.
Veneration.
His virtues were declared by Pope Pius VI in 1781 to be heroic. In a July 2009 meeting with the Prefect of the Sacred Congregation for the Causes of Saints, Archbishop Angelo Amato, a miracle (that had been separately reviewed and voted by the medical, theological, and then prelate members of the Congregation as valid) was formally approved by Pope Benedict XVI. The beatification was held at the Basilica of St John Lateran in Rome, on April 25, 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="18724850" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18724850" title="Come, Holy Spirit">
Come, Holy Spirit

Come, Holy Spirit is a Roman Catholic prayer for guidance.
It is discussed in Catechism of the Catholic Church 2670-2672.
The Prayer.
Come, Holy Spirit, fill the hearts of Thy faithful and enkindle in them the fire of Thy love.
V. Send forth Thy Spirit and they shall be created.
R. And Thou shalt renew the face of the earth.
Let us pray. O God, Who didst instruct the hearts of the faithful by the light of the Holy Spirit, grant us in the same Spirit to be truly wise, and ever to rejoice in His consolation. Through Christ our Lord.
or in Latin
Veni, Sancte Spiritus, reple tuorum corda fidelium: et tui amoris in eis ignem accende.
V. Emitte Spiritum tuum, et creabuntur.
R. Et renovabis faciem terrae.
Oremus. Deus, qui corda fidelium Sancti Spiritus illustratione docuisti: da nobis in eodem Spiritu recta sapere; et de eius semper consolatione gaudere. Per Christum, Dominum nostrum.

</doc>
<doc id="18724851" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18724851" title="Guo Kexin">
Guo Kexin

GUO Kexin (; 1923~2006), also known as Ke-Xin Guo or K.H.Kuo (Ke-Hsin Kuo), was an important physicist, metallurgist and crystallographer in People's Republic of China. Guo was a senior academician of the Chinese Academy of Sciences. Guo is considered as the main pioneer of electron microscopy of China.
Life.
August 23, 1923, Guo was born in Fuzhou, Fujian Province. 1941, Guo graduated from the Chongqing Nankai Middle School. Guo graduated (B.Eng) from the Department of Chemical Engineering, Zhejiang University in 1946. After graduation, Guo went to study in Sweden in 1947.
Guo was the Director and a senior researcher at the prestigious Beijing Electron Microscope Open Laboratory (aka Beijing Laboratory of Electron Microscopy) and the Center for Condensed Matter Physics and Institute of Physics, Chinese Academy of Sciences. Guo was the main founder of the Chinese Society for Electron Microscopy (aka Chinese Electron Microscopy Society, CEMS; 中国电子显微镜会), and served as its Director/President from 1982 to 1996.
Recognition.
1980, Guo was elected as a member of the Chinese Academy of Sciences. Guo also was a foreign member of the Royal Swedish Academy of Engineering Sciences (IVA). He also received an Honorary Doctorate from the Royal Institute of Technology (KTH), Sweden.
The renowned K.H.Kuo Education Fund is named after him.

</doc>
<doc id="18724860" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18724860" title="Roman Catholic Diocese of Myitkyina">
Roman Catholic Diocese of Myitkyina

The Roman Catholic Diocese of Myitkyina (Lat: "Dioecesis Myitkyinaensis") is a diocese of the Latin Rite of the Roman Catholic Church in Burma. 
Erected in 1939 as the Apostolic Prefecture of Bhamo, the prefecture was created from territory in the Apostolic Vicariate of Northern Burma. 
In 1961, the Prefecture was elevated to a full diocese, suffragan to the Archdiocese of Mandalay. 
The current bishop is Francis Daw Tang, appointed in 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="18724865" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18724865" title="Antonio Munguambe">
Antonio Munguambe

Antonio Francisco Munguambe is a Mozambican politician.
Munguambe served as Deputy Minister of Trade in the early 1990s,
and was appointed as Minister of Transport and Communication by President Armando Guebuza on February 3, 2005, when Guebuza named his new government shortly after taking office.
He was removed from office (along with foreign minister Alcinda Abreu and justice minister Esperança Machavela) on March 10, 2008, and was succeeded by Paulo Zucula, the former director of Mozambique's National Disasters Management Institute.
Although Guebuza offered no official reason for Munguambe's dismissal from office,
various news reports suggested
that it was tied to the transportation-related riots in Maputo in February that caused between four
and six deaths.
The riots were sparked by increases of up to 50 percent in the fares for the "chapas" (privately owned minibus taxis)
that account for a significant portion of the capital's passenger transport. According to the Mozambique Workers' Organization, the country's largest national trade union centre, Mozambican workers spend an average of 35 percent of their income on transportation.
The hike was negotiated by Munguambe and the Federation of Road Transport Associations following an increase in the fuel costs (the government raised the price of diesel by 14 percent on January 23).
After the outbreak of rioting on February 5, Munguambe declared that "he increase is fair and also the complaints by commuters are fair", and promised to renegotiate with transport operators. On February 6, the government rescinded the fares increase,
and in exchange promised to provide fuel subsidies to licensed transport operators, so that they could in effect purchase diesel at the price prior to January 23 (31.0 meticais per litre, as opposed to 35.35 per litre).

</doc>
<doc id="18724874" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18724874" title="Cosculluela">
Cosculluela

José Fernando Cosculluela Suárez (born October 15, 1980) is a singer from Puerto Rico.
Biography.
Jose Fernando Cosculluela Suarez was born on October 15, 1980, to a Cuban father and a Puerto Rican mother. Cosculluela was raised in the exclusive gated community of Palmas del Mar in Humacao on the East Coast of Puerto Rico. From a young age he became interested in tennis representing his high school Colegio San Antonio Abad's tennis team in many tournaments. He also shared a passion for golf and surfing. At 16 he began making underground mixtapes with his brother Jaime and a group of friends. After a couple of years recording underground, he was discovered in a studio in San Juan by Buddha, a well-known Reggaeton producer. With the help of Buddha and other producers, Cosculluela was able to make his first appearance on Don Omar's Bandoleros, and later that year (2006) on Buddha's Family 2, with the hit song "Te Va A Ir Mal."
After this, Cosculluela moved up in the ranks of Reggaeton, appearing on such CDs as Los Bandoleros: Reloaded, Invasion, Gargolas, Los Bravos, El Pentagono, El Pentagono Return, Los Brother, Talento de Barrio and many more. Cosculluela is known to many as "El Principe del Verso" dionis (The Prince of the Verse).
"El Príncipe".
In 2009, Cosculluela released his first album. The album was announced a year earlier and it was named one of his nicknames: "El principe" (The prince). It peaked at number three on the "Billboard" Top Latin Albums chart and spawned the hit singles "Na Na Nau", "Prrrum", and "Plaka Plaka". It also reached number eight on the "Billboard" Rap Albums chart. A few tracks were left out of the final production. El Principe was one of the most successful reggaeton albums of the year, gathering praise from critics for its diversity of style and lyrical content.
El Principe: Ghost Edition.
In 2010, Cosculluela released his second album called "El Principe: Ghost Edition", this album was a review of his first album, but with 5 new tracks. These 5 tracks were Cuidau Au Au, Humo, Prrrum Remix Ft Nardo Ranks, Another Prrrum Remix but this time with Wisin & Yandel and the last track was De Noche y De Dia Ft Yandel. This album faced some adversity before its release, because two of the three main song-writers, "Endo" and "Lele" were no longer available, as "Endo" moved to another company and "Lele" was killed.
El Niño.
This album comes with a lot of romantic, rap and reggaeton lyrics. Collaborations that have been announced so far are: Wisin & Yandel, Demus & Curly, Los Mafiaboyz. Two singles have been released so far, this are: "Blam Blam" and "Si Tú No Estás", which remix of this song will feature Puerto-Rican artist Farruko, Colombian sensation "J-Balvin" and the duo Ñejo & Dalmata.
Album Singles.
-El Príncipe
-El Príncipe: Ghost Edition
-El Niño
-War Kingz

</doc>
<doc id="18724875" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18724875" title="Our Lady of Arcachon">
Our Lady of Arcachon

Our Lady of Arcachon is a three-dimensional religious image venerated at Arcachon in southwestern France and credited with working miracles. To all appearances a work of the thirteenth century, it is carved from a block of alabaster about twenty inches in height and represents Mary, the mother of Jesus, clad in Oriental drapery and holding the Divine Infant on her right arm. 
Blessed Thomas Illyricus of Osimo (born about the middle of the fifteenth century), a Franciscan monk who had retired to the forest solitude of Arcachon, is said to have found this statue, much battered by the waves, on the seashore. He immediately constructed a wooden chapel which was replaced, a century later, by a spacious stone sanctuary. This, in turn, was so menaced by the drifting sands of the dunes as to necessitate the erection in 1723 of a new church on a neighbouring hill overlooking the Bay of Arcachon. The statue survived both revolutions and was granted the honour of a coronation, by a brief of Pope Pius IX, on 15 July 1870. 
Devotion to Our Lady of Arcachon spread far and wide, and the shrine became a centre of pilgrimage. Before 1842 the church had been surrounded only by a few fishermen's huts, but with the erection of villas and the discovery of the salubrious climate of the area people began to flock to the spot, which is now the centre of a flourishing town.

</doc>
<doc id="18724886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18724886" title="The Obama Nation">
The Obama Nation

The Obama Nation: Leftist Politics and the Cult of Personality is a controversial bestselling book by Jerome Corsi intended by its author to oppose Barack Obama's candidacy for President of the United States. The book alleges Obama's "extreme leftism", "extensive connections with Islam and radical politics", "naïve... foreign policy", past drug use and connections to corrupt backers, among other things. The book has been criticized for containing factual errors, for being racially charged, and for being a political "attack book" containing smears, falsehoods, and innuendo.
Content.
Corsi said his purpose in writing the book was to defeat Obama in the 2008 United States presidential election. In the book, he recounts Barack Obama's upbringing and early political career in Chicago and argues that Obama is an "extreme leftis" who should not be elected president. The book claims to document "Obama's extensive connections with Islam and radical politics", his "religious affiliation with ... black-liberation theology", and his associations with controversial pastor Jeremiah Wright, fundraiser Tony Rezko, and radical activists Bill Ayers and Bernadine Dohrn, formerly of the Weather Underground. The book also argues that Obama supports "far-left domestic policy" and "naïve... foreign policy predicated on the reduction of the military", and that he is therefore unsuitable to be the President of the United States.
The book opens with a quote by Andy Martin, who "The Nation", "The Washington Post", and "The New York Times" have identified as the primary source for the allegations that Obama is concealing an alleged Muslim faith, rumors which began shortly after his keynote speech at the 2004 Democratic National Convention.
Author and publication.
The book's author, Jerome Corsi, has written on a number of controversial topics. In 2007 he wrote a book exposing a supposed plot to replace the United States dollar with international currency. He has accused a "Muslim terrorist group" of supporting John McCain, and has called for the impeachment of George W. Bush." He endorsed the 9/11 Truth Movement, which questions official and mainstream accounts of the September 11, 2001 attacks. During the 2004 United States presidential election, he co-wrote "Unfit for Command", a book associated with Swift Vets and POWs for Truth that was critical of Democratic candidate John Kerry. He is a regular contributor at conservative internet publication "WorldNetDaily", which is well-known for publicizing conspiracy theories about Obama's citizenship.
The book was published by Threshold Editions, a division of CBS-owned Simon & Schuster, whose chief editor is Republican party political strategist Mary Matalin. The title is intentionally assonant with "abomination".
Corsi was detained by Kenyan immigration officials and then deported for attempting to promote the book without a work permit.
Responses.
Obama campaign response.
In response to the book, the Obama campaign issued a 40-page response, "unfit for publication" (playing on the Corsi co-authored 2004 book "Unfit for Command") on the campaign website fightthesmears.com, objecting to assertions made in the book and alleging factual errors. The campaign also issued a press release, reading in part:
The Obama campaign also said it would "push back against this year's vicious Republican attack book." In addition, the Democratic National Committee joined the "counteroffensive" telling its supporters by email: "The media have shown that they aren't going to stop him. It's up to you to spread the truth, so here it is. Below you will find the facts about Corsi and his desperate fabrications."
Other responses.
When asked for a comment about the book, John McCain said, "Gotta keep your sense of humor," but his campaign said McCain did not hear the question, and the campaign had no comment. In response to the book's publication, Senator John Kerry, the subject of a previous book by Corsi during his 2004 campaign for presidency, launched the website "Truth Fights Back" to rebut the claims. Media Matters for America, which describes itself as a progressive organization dedicated to countering "conservative misinformation in the U.S. media", has given details of what it says are numerous instances of inaccuracies in the book and in Corsi's statements promoting the work. Paul Waldman of Media Matters appeared with Corsi on "Larry King Live" when they discussed the claims. MSNBC's Contessa Brewer confronted Corsi with these alleged inaccuracies; Corsi disputed Media Matters' allegations.
Reception and critical review.
Released on August 1, 2008, the book was #4 in sales in nonfiction during the first week of its release and subsequently rose to #1 on the New York Times Best Seller list for hardcover non-fiction books within two weeks, due in part to higher bulk sales. This has led some Obama supporters to suspect that conservative groups have made bulk purchases to inflate sales, something Corsi denies. On September, 8 it was second to Tori Spelling's book. Corsi posted his first Obamabucks from the sale of his book on the wall of a coffee shop in Washington.
Corsi's book has been criticized for inaccuracies by news organizations such as "The New York Times", the "Los Angeles Times", U.S. News and World Report, the Associated Press, "Time" magazine, "Newsweek", "The Daily Telegraph", "Editor & Publisher", "The Guardian", CNN, "The Independent", Politifact.com, and "The Boston Globe". According to "The New York Times", "several of the book's accusations, in fact, are unsubstantiated, misleading or inaccurate." Peter Wehner of "Commentary" wrote: "conservatives should not hitch their hopes to" Corsi's book because "it seems to be riddled with factual errors — some relatively minor (like asserting that Obama does not mention the birth of his half-sister, Maya Soetoro-Ng, in "Dreams from My Father"; Obama does mention her), and some significant (suggesting that Obama favors withdrawing troops from Afghanistan; he wants to do the opposite)."
"The Washington Post" called it an "innuendo-filled, mistake-riddled biography" in its online election diary "The Trail". Kate Linthicum of the "Los Angeles Times" wrote "being No. 1 the best seller list doesn't necessarily mean being accurate" in regard to Corsi's claims about Obama's religious faith. The Politico reported that Corsi's book "left a trail of wild theories, vitriol and dogma that have called into question his credibility." The British newspaper "The Independent" called Corsi's book "a hatchet job on Obama". According to "Slate", "neither Corsi nor Matalin responded to e-mails from me asking whether they intended to correct "any" errors in "The Obama Nation" – it would be a miracle if there were "none"" in original.
The book also contains what "The Washington Post" describes as "potentially offensive passages" about Barack Obama's personal and family life, such as one stating that Obama is less identified with his American roots than his "African blood". Corsi also writes: "Obama's mother chose another Third World prospect for her second husband, a second man of color, to be her mate", noted by CNN as "lines some might consider racially insensitive." The "L.A. Times" also pointed to a line by Corsi claiming "Obama wants to will all the white blood out of himself so he can become pure black," citing "bigoted comments." The "Chicago Sun-Times" called it "an abomination," and said the book "exploits racial fears hate in [an effort to scare white America." Corsi has drawn criticism for scheduling an appearance to promote the book on the "The Political Cesspool", a "pro-White" radio talk show described as "white nationalist" by the Southern Poverty Law Center. He previously appeared on the show on July 20, but he cancelled his August 17 appearance, citing a change of "travel plans."
Disputed accuracy.
"The New York Times" noted the book's assertion that Obama attended an incendiary sermon by the Rev. Jeremiah Wright in Chicago on a date when Obama was in fact giving a speech in Florida. The article further noted Corsi's assertion that Obama had "yet to answer" if he had stopped using drugs. "The State Journal-Register" of Springfield, Illinois reported Obama's response to a question about his drug use: "I haven't done anything since I was 20 years old." Corsi told the "Times" that "self-reporting, by people who have used drugs, as to when they stopped is inherently unreliable." (Obama has also answered the question in the autobiography that Corsi reviews in his book.) In the book, Corsi says that Obama may still be using drugs today, but does not provide evidence for this claim.
The "Times" further noted that while Obama is a Christian, the book contains statements arguing that he has "extensive connections to Islam". One of Corsi's statements is that Obama's childhood friend, Zulfin Adi, had stated that Obama was a practicing Muslim. Contradicting that, Kim Barker, a foreign correspondent for "The Chicago Tribune" reported: "Interviews with dozens of former classmates, teachers, neighbors and friends show that Obama was not a regular practicing Muslim when he was in Indonesia". Corsi also fails to reveal that Adi later said he couldn't be certain about his claims and confessed to knowing Obama for only a few months.
Corsi provided the wrong date of the Obamas' marriage, according to the Obama campaign.
When discussing the house Barack and Michelle Obama bought in 2005, Corsi cites a February 1, 2008 Salon.com article for the claim that Chicago businessman Tony Rezko "found the house for Obama." In a 2007 interview with the staff of the "Chicago Sun-Times", Barack Obama asserted that it was his wife who found the house.
FactCheck described the book as "a mishmash of unsupported conjecture, half-truths, logical fallacies and outright falsehoods." FactCheck's review also stated that, "A comprehensive review of all the false claims in Corsi's book would itself be a book."

</doc>
<doc id="18724890" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18724890" title="Roman Catholic Diocese of Kengtung">
Roman Catholic Diocese of Kengtung

The Roman Catholic Diocese of Kengtung (Lat: "Diocesis Kengtunghensis") is a diocese of the Latin Rite of the Roman Catholic Church in Burma. 
Erected in 1927 as the Apostolic Prefecture of Kengtung, the prefecture was created from territory in the Apostolic Vicariate of Eastern Burma. 
In 1950, the Prefecture was elevated to an apostolic vicariate. In 1955, the vicariate was elevated to a full diocese and became suffragan to the Archdiocese of Taunggyi.
With the increases in the Catholic population, in 1975 the apostolic prefecture of Lashio was split off from the diocese of Kengtung, eventually expanding to the Diocese of Lashio. 
The current bishop is Peter Louis Cakü, appointed in 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="18724892" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18724892" title="List of number-one Billboard Top Latin Albums of 2007">
List of number-one Billboard Top Latin Albums of 2007

The "Billboard" Top Latin albums chart, published in "Billboard" magazine, is a record chart that features Latin music sales information. This data are compiled by Nielsen SoundScan from a sample that includes music stores, music departments at electronics and department stores, internet sales (both physical and digital) and verifiable sales from concert venues in the United States.
There were twenty-two number-one albums in 2007, including two releases by Mexican band RBD: "Celestial" and "Empezar Desde Cero". "Celestial", the last number-one album of 2006, spent five weeks at number one and sold 498,000 units; this album became the best-selling Latin album of 2007. "Empezar Desde Cero" debuted at the top of the chart and sold 102,000 units. "Vencedor", the last recording by Mexican performer Valentín Elizalde, who was killed at the age of 27 on November 25, 2006 in the city of Reynosa, Tamaulipas, spent three non-consecutive weeks at the top of the chart. "La Llave de Mi Corazón" by Dominican singer-songwriter Juan Luis Guerra spent one week at number one and won five Latin Grammy Awards, including Album of the Year and the Grammy Award for Best Tropical Latin Album. The greatest hits collection "Historia de un Idolo" by Vicente Fernández became the first album to peak at number one in 2001 and 2007.
The first Spanish-language release by Jennifer Lopez, "Como Ama una Mujer", debuted at number 10 in the "Billboard" 200 and also peaked at number one on the chart for four consecutive weeks. "La Radiolina" by Manu Chao debuted within the Top 10 in the album charts from Austria, Belgium, France, Italy, México, The Netherlands, Norway, Spain, Sweden and Switzerland; it also spent one week at number one in the chart during the week of September 22, 2007. The soundtrack for the movie "El Cantante", mainly performed by Marc Anthony, was the second soundtrack to peak at number one, ten years after the compilation album for the movie "Dance with Me" did so in 1997 (see: Top Latin Albums of 1997). Reggaeton performer Daddy Yankee had his first top 10 album on the "Billboard" 200, as "" debuted at number nine with 82,000 units sold, enough to be the number-one album on the chart during the week of June 23, 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="18724915" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18724915" title="Aurora Lucis Rutilat">
Aurora Lucis Rutilat

Aurora Lucis Rutilat is one of the Ambrosian hymns, but its author is unknown. It has been revised and separated into three hymns for the Roman Breviary. The first sixteen lines form the hymn for Lauds from Low Sunday to the Ascension, and begin in the revised form, "Aurora Caelum Purpurat". There are many English versions in use among Protestants. Dr. J.M. Neale's translation begins "Dawn purples all the east with light". The hymn "Tristes Erant Apostoli" (lines 17-32 of the original text) is in the Office, Common of Apostles and Evangelists for paschal time at the first and second Vespers and Matins. This hymn has also been translated into English. The Gregorian melody is in the third mode and may be found in the "Vesperale Romanum". Lines 33 to the end of the ancient hymn form "Paschale Mundo Gaudium," the hymn at Lauds in the Common of Apostles in paschal time. Among the English versions, besides Dr. Neale's are those of J.A. Johnston in his "English Hymnal (1852), "with sparkling rays morn decks the sky";. E. Caswall, "Lyra Catholica" (1849), "The dawn was purpling o'er the sky"; J. D. Chambers, "Lauda Syon" (1857), "Light's very morn its beams displays".

</doc>
<doc id="18724916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18724916" title="Roman Catholic Diocese of Loikaw">
Roman Catholic Diocese of Loikaw

The Roman Catholic Diocese of Loikaw (Lat: "Diocesis Loikavensis") is a diocese of the Latin Rite of the Roman Catholic Church in Burma. 
Erected in 1988, the diocese was created from the Archdiocese of Taunggyi, and remains a suffragan of the parent. 
Sotero Phamo, appointed in 1988 is the first and only bishop of the diocese.

</doc>
<doc id="18724929" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18724929" title="James Allen (cricketer)">
James Allen (cricketer)

James Allen (4 November 1881 – 4 April 1958) was an English first class cricketer who played for Northamptonshire. Both his games were for Northamptonshire.

</doc>
<doc id="18724933" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18724933" title="Permanent Assembly for Human Rights">
Permanent Assembly for Human Rights

The Permanent Assembly for Human Rights (in Spanish, La Asamblea Permanente por los Derechos Humanos (APDH)) is an Argentine non-governmental human rights organization; founded in 1975.
History.
The Permanent Assembly for Human Rights was founded on December 18, 1975, three months before the military coup that marked the beginning of the dictatorship known as the National Reorganization Process (1976–1983), in the House of Spiritual Exercises within the Church of Santa Cruz, as a result of an initiative of Rosa Pantaleón. Other founders included the Bishop of Neuquén, Jaime de Nevares; Rabbi Marshall Meyer; Bishop Carlos Gatinoni; Alicia Moreau de Justo; Raúl Alfonsín; Oscar Alende; Susana Pérez Gallart; Adolfo Pérez Esquivel and Alfredo Bravo.
The APDH played an important role in the defense of human rights during the military dictatorship. Later it supported the work of CONADEP fights against the impunity of the crimes against humanity committed during the National Reorganization Process.
At Present.
Currently, the APDH works to consolidate democracy, defending the protection of life, human dignity, and social coexistence. In order to ensure the legal protection of human rights, the APDH participates in the following organizations:
• The United Nations (with Category II Consultative Status) 
• UNESCO´s Memory of the World Register: documental heritage of the APDH
• IEM Space for the Memory Institute
• INADI National Institute Against Discrimination, Xenophobia, and Racism 
• PIDHDD Argentine Chapter of the Interamerican Platform for Human Rights, Democracy and Development 
• National Network NO A LA TRATA (an organization which works to stop trafficking, slave trade, and commercial sexual exploitation of children and adolescents)
How It Works.
The APDH follows current events in Argentina and analyzes them with regard to human rights. These tasks include:
• Denouncing human rights violations
• Negotiating before public authorities, institutions and entities specifically relevant to these rights
• Developing educational initiatives aimed at educating individuals about these rights
• Spreading National Constitution rulings : pacts, declarations, conventions, etc.
• Advising victims of human rights violations
• Working with brother organizations to ensure that human rights are respected
• Promoting the sanction of those laws necessary to ensure the protection of human rights
Activities.
The APDH is primarily made up of volunteers. Its headquarters are located in Buenos Aires and the organization has subsidiaries in other cities throughout Argentina.
Its principle tasks include:
• Watching over the prosecutions of crimes against humanity committed between 1976 and 1983;
• Keeping the memory of this period alive as a reminder of the necessity of civic action;
• Organizing documentation from and about the mechanisms of repression;
• Collaborating in the improvement of national and international standards of human rights;
• Permanently acting before the government to prevent and denounce human rights violations.
Authorities.
• Presidents’s Council: A body composed of members from various sectors of society: the church, politics, human rights, sciences, culture, and labor. They meet annually. They examine the reports of the Secretaries and set the Assembly’s agenda.
• Board of Directors: Made up of members from the Presidents’s Council. They meet monthly. They examine the reports of the Secretaries. They also determine what actions to take in order to fulfill the objectives set out by the Presidents’s Council’s agenda.
• Executive Committee: Composed of the presidents, vice-presidents, secretaries on the board of directors, the treasurer, and the coordinating secretary. It meets weekly. It carries out tasks established by the Board of Directors and keeps them updated on their progress. 
• Committees: Specialized groups composed of specific commissions which carry out the committees´ aims. They gather information about the state of the nation, carry out studies, and produce reports and proposals of documents. They organize conferences, debates, seminars, and publications.
In 2008, the three co-presidents of the APDH are Methodist Bishop Aldo M. Etchegoyen, Sister Martha Pelloni, and Mr. Miguel Monserrat.
Some of the individuals that compose the APDH are: journalists Santo Biasatti and Luisa Valmaggia, writer Ernesto Sábato, religious leaders Monsignor Justo Laguna and Rabbi Daniel Goldman, painter Noé Jitrik, singer León Gieco, scientist Federico Westerkamp, lawyer Raúl Zaffaroni, and labor unionist Marta Maffei.
Publications.
The APDH has produced numerous publications (in Spanish) related to human rights. Amongst these are:
• National Security, a republican system of government and individual rights (Seguridad Nacional, sistema republicano de Gobierno y derechos individuales)
• The Forced Disappearance of Persons (La Desaparición forzada de Personas)
• The Disappearance as a crime against humanity (La desaparición como crimen de lesa humanidad)
• “Racism and violence” (about ethnic groups in history within scholarly texts) (Racismo y violencia (sobre la historia y las etnias en los textos escolares))
• The working woman and her rights (La mujer trabajadora y sus derechos)
• Domestic violence – Battered women (Violencia familiar-Mujer golpeada)
• Drug addicts, Victims or Culprits? (Drogadictos, ¿víctimas o culpables?) 
• Life Workshops “Human Rights Education” (Talleres de Vida" Educación por los derechos humanos)
• Women’s human rights 50 years after the Universal Declaration (Los derechos humanos de la mujer a los 50 años de la Declaración Universal)
• Found guilty by society, unpunished by the law (Culpables para la sociedad, impunes por la ley)
• Women’s rights, are they human rights? (Los derechos de la mujer, son derechos humanos?)
• Estimates of the Dirty War (Las cifras de la guerra sucia)
• Reproductive rights are human rights (Los derechos reproductivos son derechos humanos)
• Economic issues and human rights (Orden económico y derechos humanos)
• Fundamentals of human rights (Fundamentos de los derechos humanos)
The following publications (in Spanish) can be viewed on-line:
• Memory and the Dictatorship (Memoria y Dictadura), 2006
• Discrimination: A didactic perspective from human rights (Discriminación: un abordaje didáctico desde los Derechos Humanos), 2006
Delegations.
• Buenos Aires: Azul, Campana, Chascomùs, Berazategui, La Costa, La Matanza, Lomas de Zamora, Mar del Plata, Olavaria, San Miguel, Tres Arroyos. 
• Córdoba: Córdoba (city), Río Tercero, Villa María. 
• Entre Ríos: Concepción del Uruguay. 
• Formosa: Formosa (city). 
• Mendoza: San Rafael. 
• Misiones: Posadas. 
• Río Negro: Bariloche, El Bolsón. 
• San Luis: Merlo, San Luis (city). 
• San Juan: San Juan (city). 
• Santa Fe: Rosario. 
• Santiago del Estero: Santiago del Estero (city). 
• Tierra del Fuego: Ushuaia. 
• Tucumán: San Miguel de Tucumán (city).
External links.
• Official site of the APDH

</doc>
<doc id="18724937" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18724937" title="Lecky">
Lecky

Lecky is a surname, and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18724944" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18724944" title="Aristaces Azaria">
Aristaces Azaria

Aristaces Azaria, M.O.M.V. (b. at Constantinople, 18 July 1782; d. at Vienna, 6 May 1854), was an Armenian Catholic abbot and archbishop.
Life.
Azaria was sent at the age of fifteen to the Collegio Urbano of Propaganda Fidei in Rome, but his studies were interrupted in 1798 by the invasion of Italy by the French Revolutionary Army. He fled Rome and took refuge at the monastery of the Armenian Mechitarists of Trieste, and entered their Order in 1801. In the same year he was ordained a Catholic priest.
The authorities of the short-lived Kingdom of Illyria, set up as a client state of the Austrian Empire, confiscated the property of his monastery in 1810. After futile attempts to obtain restitution, the monks moved to Austria and established the Mekhitarist Monastery of Vienna. There they lived by the instruction of Armenian youth and the revenue from a printing press they set up to provide liturgical and scholarly books in the Armenian language. Azaria was henceforth active as a missionary among his compatriots and a servant of the Holy See.
In 1826 he was made Abbot General of the Order, and in 1827 he was name the Titular Archbishop of Caesarea. Under him the Mechitarist community in Vienna prospered, its library was increased, a bookstore added to the printing press, and an abundant religious literature created, in Armenian and in German. Azaria opened houses of his community in Rome, Triest, and Stamboul, founded the Armenian journal "Europa", established an academy for the literary and political improvement of his people, and in 1830 obtained from the Holy See the creation of an independent Catholic Armenian patriarchate. After a visit to Rome (1850) in the interest of monastic reform, he returned to Vienna (1852) where he died after the celebration of his golden jubilee.
Works.
Azaria wrote several (mostly anonymous) works, among them "De Vitâ Communi Perfecta Religiosorum Utriusque Sexus", in which he criticizes the condition of many Austrian religious houses, and "Die Erziehung im Geiste des Christenthumes" (Vienna, 1839).

</doc>
<doc id="18724950" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18724950" title="Come Holy Spirit">
Come Holy Spirit

Come Holy Spirit may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18724963" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18724963" title="Martin Martens">
Martin Martens

Martin Martens (December 8, 1797 – February 8, 1863) was a Belgian botanist and chemist born in Maastricht, Netherlands.
He studied medicine in Liege, afterwards serving as a physician in Maastricht from 1823 to 1835. From 1835 to 1863 he was a professor of chemistry at the Catholic University of Louvain.
With Henri Guillaume Galeotti (1814-1858), he was the binomial author of many botanical species. In 1842, with Galeotti, he published an important treatise on ferns of Mexico titled "Memoire sur les Fougères du Mexique, et considérations sur la géographie botanique de cette contrée". With Galeotti, he was also co-author of works on the botanical families Gesneriaceae and Solanaceae.
The mycological genera "Martensiomyces" and "Martensella" are named in his honor, the latter genus being circumscribed by Henri Eugène Lucien Gaëtan Coemans (1825–1871).

</doc>
<doc id="18724975" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18724975" title="Julio Torri">
Julio Torri

Julio Torri Maynes (*Saltillo, Coahuila, June 27, 1889 — ↑Mexico City, May 11, 1970) was a Mexican writer and teacher who formed part of the Ateneo de la Juventud (1909–1914). He wrote principally in the essay form, although his limited production included short stories and scholarly works as well. Considered one of the best prose stylists of his generation, he was admitted to the Academia Mexicana de la Lengua in 1952. 
His parents were Julio S. Torri and Sofía Maynes de Torri.
Biography.
Education.
He began his schooling in Colegio Torreón and later in the Escuela Juan Antonio de la Fuente, both in Saltillo. In 1908 he travelled to Mexico City and in 1913 obtained a law degree from the National Law School; in 1933 he was awarded a doctorate in letters from the Universidad Nacional Autónoma de México (UNAM).
Career.
He formed part of the Ateneo de la Juventud, a literary generation that also included Jesus T. Acevedo, Alfonso Cravioto, Antonio Caso, Ricardo Gómez Robledo, Enrique González Martínez, Pedro Henríquez Ureña, Salvador Novo, Alfonso Reyes, Diego Rivera, José Vasconcelos, and Luis G. Urbina. He engaged from 1914-22 in voluminous correspondence with Alfonso Reyes, who during that time was residing in Europe. From 1916-23 he co-edited with Agustín Loera the editorial Cultura. He was founder and director of the SEP's Departamento de Bibliotecas (Department of Libraries) and served as its literary classics editor. In 1921 he founded, along with Xavier Guerrero, José Clemente Orozco, and Vicente Lombardo Toledano, the syndicalist Grupo Solidario del Movimiento Obrero. He taught literature for nearly half a century at several institutions, including the National Preparatory School, the UNAM, and for various summers at the University of Texas, holding from 1953 onward the title of UNAM Emeritus Professor. He undertook poetic and pedagogical ambassadorships to countries like Argentina, Brazil, and the United States, while a trip to Europe in 1952 inspired some of his writing. In 2001 CONACULTA and the Coahuilan Institute of Culture (Icocult) established the Premio Nacional de Cuento Joven Julio Torri, a prize for young writers that honors Julio Torri.
Family.
His nephew, Julio Torri Cervi, (1932–2003) was a famous eccentric who lived for a time in Tulancingo.
Literary oeuvre.
Torri's oeuvre was distinctly influenced by his readings of Charles Lamb, Marcel Schwob, Jules Renard, Jules Laforgue, Stéphane Mallarmé, and above all Oscar Wilde. He produced notable essays on Aeschylus, Maeterlinck, Proust, Tolstoy, Aldous Huxley, José Juan Tablada, Reyes, and Luis Gonzaga Urbina. He was a translator of works by Pascal and Heinrich Heine. As an author his preferred forms were the essay (which put on display his impressive learning and culture) and the short story. He is credited with being one of the earliest practitioners of prose poetry and writers of "estampas" (literary sketches) in Mexico; he is also noted for his mastery of the epigraph. He was a fastidious writer who endlessly polished and refined his words, clarity and purity were the hallmarks of his style. His most important works are "Ensayos y Poemas" (Essays and Poems) (1917), "De fusilamientos" (On Executions ) (1940), "Tres libros" (Three Books) (1964), "Diálogo de los libros" (Dialogue of the Books) (1980, posthumous).

</doc>
<doc id="18724980" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18724980" title="Minimized extracorporeal circulation">
Minimized extracorporeal circulation

Minimized extracorporeal circulation (MECC) is a kind of cardiopulmonary bypass (heart-lung machine), a part of heart surgery. The introduction of extracorporeal circulation has facilitated open heart surgery. The development of modern techniques in extracorporeal circulation is the result of the combined efforts of physiologists, physicians, and engineers. During the first half of the 20th century scientists refined their methods in the development of extracorporeal circulation so that it could be used in humans.
In 1937 Gibbon reports the first successful use of extracorporeal circulation in animals (in this case, cats). On May 6, 1953 Gibbon performed his first successful operation using an extracorporeal circuit in an 18-year-old woman who had a large atrial septum defect with a large left-to-right shunt. It was Lillehei who one year later introduced the bubble oxygenator, simple and inexpensive, opening the doors of open heart surgery to all surgeons around the world.
The first commercial minimized extracorporeal circulation was the CorX System from Cardiovention, a start-up company from the USA. This system included an integrated centrifugal pump – polypropylene oxygenator, a complete heparin-coated surface and a low priming volume. One of the most effective Mini-Systems (MECC Maquet) was introduced almost at the same time (1999). The increasing application in clinical practice explains this machine's success. The benefits of this type of extracorporeal circulation are that a lower consumption of blood and blood products is observed in the peri-operative and post-operative phase and that a lower inflammatory response is being measured in peri-operative blood samples in comparison to conventional cardiopulmonary bypass.

</doc>
<doc id="18724982" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18724982" title="Battle of Karbala (2003)">
Battle of Karbala (2003)

The Battle of Karbala took place during the 2003 invasion of Iraq as American troops fought to clear the city of Iraqi forces. The city had been bypassed during the advance on Baghdad, leaving American units to clear it in two days of street fighting against Iraqi irregular forces.
Bypassing the city.
Lead elements of the U.S. 3rd Infantry Division had reached the Karbala area on March 31. After fighting through Republican Guard forces southeast of the city, these forces bypassed the city and attacked through the Karbala Gap towards Baghdad. The task of clearing the city was left to the 101st Airborne Division, supported by the 2nd Battalion, 70th Armored Regiment with Charlie Company, 1st Battalion, 41st Infantry Regiment, 1st Armored Division. 
On April 2, a U.S. Army UH-60 Blackhawk helicopter was shot down by small arms fire near Karbala, killing 7 soldiers. Four other soldiers onboard were wounded.
Capturing Karbala.
The 101st planned to use helicopter-borne forces to seize three landing zones on the outskirts of the city (codenamed Sparrow, Finch and Robin) and then use an armored force of M1 Abrams tanks and M2 Bradley fighting vehicles to link up with these forces.
At 11:00 a.m. on April 5, the 101st Airborne began its push to clear Karbala when airstrikes hit several targets around the city. This was followed by a helicopter assault in which 23 UH-60 Blackhawk and 5 CH-47 Chinook helicopters ferried three battalions of infantry from the 502nd Infantry Regiment to their designated landing zones. 
3rd Battalion, 502nd Infantry at LZ Sparrow met heavy but disorganized resistance as they moved into the city. To the south, 2/502 at LZ Robin was also moving street by street, and discovered several arms caches hidden in schools. They also discovered a suspected terrorist training camp. By nightfall, 2/502 had cleared 13 of their 30 assigned sectors. 1/502, advancing from LZ Finch in the southeast, captured several weapons caches. Air support from helicopter gunships was used heavily during this operation, and artillery support was also used. Over 100 smoke shells were fired from supporting artillery to screen infantry moving through Karbala's streets. At the same time, 2/70 Armored Regiment and C Co 1/41 IN (Mechanized) had reached Karbala and were engaged in combat, losing 1 man killed from small arms fire and a Bradley to an RPG hit.
The next day, the units continued to clear their sectors. Resistance evaporated by 5:00 PM on April 6. At 5:30, a large statue of Saddam Hussein was torn down by members of the 2/70, 1st Armored Division.
For their actions in Karbala, 3rd Battalion was awarded the Valorous Unit Award.

</doc>
<doc id="18725017" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18725017" title="Perfect Timing (McAuley Schenker Group album)">
Perfect Timing (McAuley Schenker Group album)

Perfect Timing is the first album by the McAuley Schenker Group. It was the first collaboration between Michael Schenker and Robin McAuley (ex-Grand Prix and Far Corporation), resulting in Schenker's first top 100 US hit with the song "Gimme Your Love".
Charts.
Album - Billboard (North America)
Singles - Billboard (North America)
Singles - UK Singles Chart

</doc>
<doc id="18725019" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18725019" title="Roman Catholic Diocese of Taungngu">
Roman Catholic Diocese of Taungngu

The Roman Catholic Diocese of Taungngu (Lat: "Diocesis Tunguensis") is a diocese of the Latin Rite of the Roman Catholic Church in Burma. 
Erected in 1870, the diocese has the distinction of being one of the oldest in all of Burma. Originally established as the Apostolic Vicariate of Eastern Burma, in 1927 the Vicariate was subdivided, and the Apostolic Prefecture of Kentung established. The Prefecture would eventually become the Diocese of Kengtung. At the same time, the old Vicariate was renamed the Apostolic Vicariate of Toungoo. 
In 1955, the Vicariate was elevated to a full diocese. In 1961, the diocese would be again subdivided, and the diocese of Taunggyi, the future Archdiocese of Taunggyi established. 
Finally in 1996, the diocese was renamed to the diocese of Taungngu. The diocese is currently suffragan to the Archdiocese of Taunggyi.
The current bishop is Isaac Danu, appointed in 1989. 

</doc>
<doc id="18725021" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18725021" title="Foxy Lady (Hang on the Box album)">
Foxy Lady (Hang on the Box album)

Foxy Lady () is a studio album released by Chinese pop/rock group Hang on the Box.

</doc>
<doc id="18725031" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18725031" title="Reginald Allen (Yorkshire cricketer)">
Reginald Allen (Yorkshire cricketer)

William Reginald Allen (14 April 1893 – 14 October 1950) is an English first-class cricketer, who played for Yorkshire County Cricket Club between 1921 and 1925. All of his first-class games were for Yorkshire. Allen also played forty three Minor Counties Cricket Championship for Yorkshire Second XI.
A huge man with hands to match, he was a capable wicket-keeper and hard-hitting batsman who was reserve to Arthur Dolphin, and was considered the favourite to take over from that player in 1928. However, Arthur Wood was preferred, so Allen continued to play in League cricket, mainly with Castleford Cricket Club for whom he first appeared in 1919.
A Coal Board clerk at Whitwood, he was a prolific run-scorer in League cricket and led Castleford to the Yorkshire Council Championship in 1935.

</doc>
<doc id="18725055" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18725055" title="George Balch Nevin">
George Balch Nevin

George Balch Nevin (March 15, 1859-April 17, 1933) was an American composer and businessman. A member of the Nevin musical family, his cousins were the composers Ethelbert and Arthur Nevin; his son, Gordon Balch Nevin, also became a composer.
Nevin was born in Shippensburg, Pennsylvania, and spent most of his life in the town of Easton. His output consisted mainly of cantatas, and included such works as "The Crown of Life" and "The Incarnation"; he was also known for his setting of Sidney Lanier's poem "A Ballad of Trees and the Master", and wrote a number of hymns as well. For nearly thirty years, he ran a wholesale paper business in addition to composing.
Nevin was also a historian and lecturer, and would sometimes give lectures on subjects related to music history to local historical societies. Some of these have survived in manuscript form.
Nevin died in 1933.

</doc>
<doc id="18725068" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18725068" title="Derek Pagel">
Derek Pagel

Derek L. Pagel (born October 24, 1979 in Plainfield, IA, and) is a former American football safety of the National Football League. He was drafted by the New York Jets in the fifth round of the 2003 NFL Draft. He played college football at Iowa.
Pagel was also a member of the Dallas Cowboys.
Pagel is currently working as a sales representative for Ikon Office Solutions in Des Moines, Iowa (1/09).

</doc>
<doc id="18725081" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18725081" title="Otto Schuhart">
Otto Schuhart

Otto Schuhart (1 April 1909 – 10 March 1990) was a "Korvettenkapitän" with the "Kriegsmarine" during World War II. He was also a recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross (). The Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross was awarded to recognise extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership. Schuhart commanded the , sinking twelve ships on nine patrols, for a total of of Allied merchant shipping. Schuhart is credited for the sinking of the aircraft carrier on 17 September 1939, the first British warship to be lost in the war.
Early life and pre-war service.
Schuhart was born on 1 April 1909 in Hamburg, then in the German Empire. He began his naval career with the Reichsmarine on 1 April 1929 as a member "Crew 1929" (the incoming class of 1929).. He underwent basic military training in the 2nd department of the standing ship division of the Baltic Sea in Stralsund (1 April 1929 – 30 June 1929). After training on the sailing ship he entered the Naval Academy at Mürwik. He served on the light cruiser , which served as a school ship and in the light cruiser . In 1932 Schuhart was assigned to the old pre-dreadnought . After service as a company commander in the II. Marine-Artillerieabteilung, Schuhart joined Unterseebootsflottille "Weddingen" as officer of the watch on board of , based in Wilhelmshaven. In 1938 he became commander of in the "U-Bootschule". In December 1938 he was given command of "U-25". On 4 April 1939 Schuhart was transferred to "U-29" in the Unterseebootsflottille "Saltzwedel".
World War II.
"U-29" left Wilhelmshaven on 19 August 1939, 12 days before the German Invasion of Poland which marked the beginning of World War II in Europe. "Oberleutnant zur See" Georg Lassen, who had joined "U-29" four days earlier, was Schuhart's I. "Wachoffizier" (first watch officer) on all of his seven war patrols. Right after the outbreak World War II, on 17 September 1939, Schuhart encountered the British carrier HMS "Courageous". After stalking her for two hours, Schuhart saw his opportunity when "Courageous" turned into the wind to launch her aircraft. This manoeuvre put the ship right across the bow of the "U-29", which then fired three torpedoes. Two of the torpedoes struck the ship on her port side, and she capsized and sank in 15 minutes with the loss of 518 of her crew, including her captain. During the war Schuhart sank twelve ships on nine patrols, for a total of 67,277 tons of Allied merchant shipping. After transferring back to land, Schuhart became commander of "1. U-Lehr Division" ("1st U-boat Training Division") and later of "21st U-boat Flotilla" in Pillau. From 1944-1945 he was commander of I./Marineschule Flensburg-Mürwik. After the German capitulation he commanded a marine battalion until August 1945. Until December 1945 he served in the German mine clearing service.
In 1955 Schuhart entered the "Bundeswehr" where he served in various land based capacities. Upon his retirement on 30 September 1967, he received the Bundesverdienstkreuz I class.
Summary of career.
Ships attacked.
As a U-boat commander of Schuhart is credited with the sinking of 12 ships for a total of and one warship, the , of .

</doc>
<doc id="18725093" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18725093" title="Cecil Allenby">
Cecil Allenby

Marmaduke Cecil Allenby is an English first class cricketer who played for Hampshire County Cricket Club. He also played for Devon County Cricket Club on two occasions in the Minor Counties Cricket Championship.
He was born on the 30 August 1873 and died on the 16 April 1932.

</doc>
<doc id="18725096" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18725096" title="Saitama City Cup">
Saitama City Cup

The Saitama City Cup is an International Friendly Tournament held in Saitama, Saitama Prefecture, Japan. It has been hosted by Urawa Red Diamonds annually since 2003 at Saitama Stadium 2002 until 2008 edition. 2009 event was also planned and announced but cancelled later due to 2009 flu pandemic. 2010 and 2011 edition were hosted by Omiya Ardija thus held at NACK5 Stadium Ōmiya. After absence in 2012, 2013 event will be hosted by Urawa again and Arsenal F.C. will be non-Japanese invitees, while previous edition in 2011 was competed by Omiya and Urawa, without non-Japanese invitees first time.

</doc>
<doc id="18725108" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18725108" title="Thomas Dingley">
Thomas Dingley

Sir Thomas Dingley (executed 9 or 10 July 1539) was an English prior of the Knights of St. John of Jerusalem. He is a Catholic martyr.
Sir Thomas was the son of John Dingley of Boston, Lincolnshire and his wife, Mabel, daughter of Edmund Weston. He was included in a bill of attainder passed under Henry VIII of England; another person on the same bill was Margaret Pole, Countess of Salisbury. He was accused, together with Robert Granceter, merchant, of "going to several foreign princes and persuading them to make war with the King". He had no trial, and no proof of treasonable practices was ever brought against him. He was found guilty of high treason 28 April 1539, and beheaded on Tower Hill, together with Sir Adrian Fortescue.
There is a discrepancy among the chroniclers as to the date of the execution. Stow gives 10 July, the Gray Friars' "Chronicle" and Wriothesley, 9 July.

</doc>
<doc id="18725115" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18725115" title="Edward Keith-Roach">
Edward Keith-Roach

Edward Keith-Roach‏ (OBE) (Born 1885 Gloucester, England - died 1954). British Colonial administrator during the British mandate on Palestine. served as the governor of Jerusalem from 1926 to 1945 (excluding a period in the 1930s awhen he was governor of the Galilee). Nicknamed "Pasha of Jerusalem". He was considered by the Jewish population to be implacably hostile to them.
Wrote a number of books about Palestine, and an Autobiography:

</doc>
<doc id="18725124" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18725124" title="Roman Catholic Diocese of Mawlamyine">
Roman Catholic Diocese of Mawlamyine

The Roman Catholic Diocese of Mawlamyine (Lat: "Diocesis Maulamyinensis") is a diocese of the Latin Rite of the Roman Catholic Church in Burma. 
The diocese was erected in 1993, from its metropolitan, the Archdiocese of Yangon. 
The first and only bishop of the diocese is Raymond Saw Po Ray, appointed in 1993. 

</doc>
<doc id="18725127" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18725127" title="Philip Brunelle">
Philip Brunelle

Philip Brunelle is an American conductor and organist. He was born in Faribault, Minnesota on July 1, 1943. He founded VocalEssence (previously known as the Plymouth Music Series) in 1969 and remains the artistic director today. Brunelle has conducted such noted groups as the BBC Singers, the Houston Symphony, the Hollywood Bowl Orchestra, the New York Philharmonic, the Minnesota Orchestra, the Seattle Symphony and the Cleveland Orchestra among others. He has also been a guest conductor at several notable music festivals including the Berkshire Choral Festival and the Oregon Bach Festival. His engagements have taken him across the United States, South America and Europe. Brunelle served for many years on the board of directors of Chorus America and the National Council on the Arts and he currently serves on the Board of Regents at St. Olaf College and the Board of Directors of the Greater Minneapolis Convention and Visitors Association. In 2001, he was inducted into the Minnesota Music Hall of Fame and he has won a myriad of awards including the Kodaly Medal from the government of Hungary, the Stig Andersson Award for contributions to Swedish music and the Minneapolis Award presented to him by Mayor Sharon Sayles Belton. He has served as choirmaster and organist of Plymouth Congregational Church in Minneapolis for over 40 years.
In 2002, he was honored with the U.S. Bank Sally Ordway Irvine Award for Commitment, recognizing lifetime achievement, contribution and leadership in culture and the arts. Also that year, Brunelle served as president of the Sixth World Symposium on Choral Music, which took place in Minneapolis-St. Paul. He served on the Artistic Advisory Committee for the Eighth World Choral Symposium, which took place in Denmark in 2008. In 2005, British Ambassador Sir David Manning invested Brunelle as an Honorary Member of the Order of the British Empire (MBE) for "his record of musical achievement; his promotion of musical links between Britain and the U.S.; and his introduction to the U.S. of some exceptional British music."In 2006, he served as artistic director and conductor of "America Sings!", a concert held in Washington, DC to launch the National Endowment for the Arts initiative, American Masterpieces: Choral Music. He also helped organize the 2008 American Guild of Organists national convention held in the Twin Cities.

</doc>
<doc id="18725139" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18725139" title="Hard Hearted Hannah (The Vamp of Savannah)">
Hard Hearted Hannah (The Vamp of Savannah)

Hard Hearted Hannah, the Vamp of Savannah is a popular song with words and music by Jack Yellen, Bob Bigelow (Robert Wilcox Bigelow), and Charles Bates. The song was published in June 1924 by Ager, Yellen & Bornstein, inc., New York.
"Hard Hearted Hannah" tells in humorous fashion the story of a "vamp" or femme fatale from Savannah, Georgia "the meanest gal in town." Hannah is "a gal who loves to see men suffer."
It had early recordings by vocalists Lucille Hegamin and Dolly Kay, Herb Wiedoeft's band (1924) and by Paul Whiteman and His Orchestra. A quarter century later Peggy Lee revived "Hannah" very successfully for Capitol Records, and the Ray Charles Singers made a hit version for Decca.
The song has been recorded numerous times by such performers as Patti Austin, Belle Baker, The Buffalo Bills, The Bronson Singers, Jim Croce, Bobby Darin, Cliff "Ukelele Ike" Edwards, Ella Fitzgerald, Stacey Kent, Joyce Moody, Turk Murphy, Nancy Sinatra, Kay Starr, The Nitty Gritty Dirt Band, The Temperance Seven, Toni Tennille, Julie London, Mary Testa, Sophie Tucker, and Margaret Whiting.
Memorable television or film performances of the song include those by Carol Burnett, Peggy Lee, Ella Fitzgerald (on "Pete Kelly's Blues"), and Beatrice Arthur on "Maude (TV series)" and "The Golden Girls". The song was performed by vampire Bill Compton (played by Stephen Moyer) in the sixth episode of the second season of the HBO show True Blood, also called Hard-Hearted Hannah; Dolly Kay's recording of the song plays over the final credits.
It is known that the Soviet poet Vladimir Mayakovsky was fond of this song. He heard it during his first trip to the United States and later referred to it in his influential essay "How to Make Poems". He also asked his friend, the translator Rita Rait-Kovaleva, to translate the song for him, but due to his heavy accent, she couldn't understand a word of what he was singing. In season 1 of American Idol, contestant Nikki McKibbin sang this song in the finals where she ended up in the Bottom 3. 

</doc>
<doc id="18725150" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18725150" title="Peyre de Rius">
Peyre de Rius

Peyre de Rius ("fl."1344–86) was an Occitan troubadour from Foix. He wrote under the patronage of Gaston Phoebus, Count of Foix, and Peter the Ceremonious, King of Aragon. He is one of the few troubadours known by name who lived for a time at Peter's court in Barcelona. His name in standardised Occitan is "Peire" or "Pèire", in Catalan it is "Pere", and in modern French "Pierre". 
An obscure reference to a Pere Riu among some "jongleurs" from Puigcerdà near Foix in October 1344 may be to Peyre, but it is impossible to tell. The Pedro who was a "jongleur" of the count of Foix, mentioned in an Aragonese register of June 1357, may be Peyre de Rius. So may be Pere Ruiç (perhaps an error for Riuç), minstrel of the count of Foix, of July 1368. Peyre appears frequently in the court registers of Aragon for the years between 1361 and 1381, often changing his precise occupation and his patron. His first recorded appearance at the Aragonese court was 16 September 1361, when he was paid as a minstrel in the service of Gaston Phoebus. The first reference to him as a troubadour is in a document of 19 January 1372, when the court was at Alcañiz; he was again in the service of the count of Foix. In February 1373 he and Jacme Fluvia, both titled "trobador de danses" (or "dançes", "composers of "dansas""), received gifts from the queen, Eleanor of Sicily. By 11 May 1373 he was again in the household of the king himself, and as a minstrel. On 25 June 1380 he was in the service of Foix and a troubadour. In his last appearance in documents, he was gifted by the new queen, Sibil·la de Fortià, for service as a "trobador de cançons de casa del comte de Foix" (troubadour of "cansos" of the House of Foix). 
Of Peyre's work only one "canso" survives, in the Cançoner Vega-Aguiló compiled in the 1420s. Martín de Riquer, who gave the piece its first modern edition, could not identify Peyre's dialect nor his place of origin on the basis of his language. The poem is dedicated to Gaston Phoebus and is an extended gloss on the three things which delight the count, according to the prologue of Gaston's "Livre de la chass": "tout mon temps me suis délité par espécial en trois chose: l'une est en armes, l'autre est en amours, et l'autre si est en chasse." Peyre opens the work thus:
The count is named explicitly later ("Febus, le coms"). If the song is to be dated to the time when Peyre was consistently in or around Foix it would seem to pertain to the period 1344–57 or as late as 1373. 
De Riquer has suggested that Peyre may be the Pere de Rius who was a "fidèle boutiller de notre chère fille l'infante Jeanne" (faithful butler of our dear daughter the "infanta" Joanna) under John I of Aragon, called The Hunter. This Joanna (Juana de Daroca), the eldest daughter of John I, married Mathieu de Castelbon (on 24 March 1392), who had succeeded his uncle Gaston as count of Foix in 1391.

</doc>
<doc id="18725151" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18725151" title="M.S.G. (McAuley Schenker Group album)">
M.S.G. (McAuley Schenker Group album)

M.S.G. is the third and final studio album from Michael Schenker and Robin McAuley's project, the McAuley Schenker Group. It was released in 1991 in Japan and 1992 in Europe.
Bass guitarist Jeff Pilson and drummer James Kottak previously played together in Michael Lee Firkins's backing band and Wild Horses. Drummer James Kottak, who had also previously played in the original line-up of Kingdom Come, later joined Schenker's former band Scorpions, with which he is currently playing.
Track listing.
All songs written by Michael Schenker and Robin McAuley except where noted.

</doc>
<doc id="18725161" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18725161" title="Roman Catholic Diocese of Pathein">
Roman Catholic Diocese of Pathein

The Roman Catholic Diocese of Pathein (Lat: "Diocesis Patheinensis") is a diocese of the Latin Rite of the Roman Catholic Church in Burma. 
The diocese was erected as the diocese of Bassein in 1955, from the vicariate apostolic of Rangoon, which eventually became the Archdiocese of Yangon. 
In 1991, the name of the diocese was changed to the diocese of Pathein. The diocese is a suffragan of the Archdiocese of Yangon.
The current bishop of the diocese is John Hsane Hgyi, appointed in 2003. 

</doc>
<doc id="18725164" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18725164" title="Solomon Bates">
Solomon Bates

Solomon Augustus Bates (born December 23, 1981 in Culver City, California) is a former American football linebacker of the National Football League. He was drafted by the Seattle Seahawks in the fourth round of the 2003 NFL Draft. He played college football at Arizona State.

</doc>
<doc id="18725182" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18725182" title="Takia">
Takia

Takia may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18725309" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18725309" title="Roman Catholic Diocese of Pyay">
Roman Catholic Diocese of Pyay

The Roman Catholic Diocese of Pyay (Lat: "Diocesis Pyayensis") is a diocese of the Latin Rite of the Roman Catholic Church in Burma. 
Originally erected in 1940 as the apostolic prefecture of Akyab, the prefecture has the distinction of being the only ecclesisiastical territory in Burma created from the Diocese of Chittagong. 
In 1957, the name was changed to the apostolic prefecture of Prome. 
In 1961, the prefecture was elevated to a full diocese. 
Finally in 1991, the diocese was renamed the Diocese of Pyay and became a suffragan of the Archdiocese of Yangon
The most recent head of the diocese, who served up until mid-2010, was Auxiliary Bishop Gregory Taik Maung, appointed in 1991 and who was serving as Apostolic Administrator. His resignation as Apostolic Administrator was accepted by Pope Benedict XVI on Friday, July 16, 2010. On Friday, December 3, 2010, Pope Benedict XVI accepted the resignation of Bishop Joseph Devellerez Thaung Shwe as Bishop. The Pope appointed a Burmese priest, Alexander Pyone Cho, a native of the Pyay Diocese (on loan "fidei donum" to the Roman Catholic Diocese of Salina, Kansas), as the Bishop-elect of Pyay. 

</doc>
<doc id="18725312" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18725312" title="Lance Nimmo">
Lance Nimmo

Lance Nimmo (born September 13, 1982) is a former American football offensive tackle of the National Football League. He was drafted by the Tampa Bay Buccaneers in the fourth round of the 2003 NFL Draft. He played college football at West Virginia.
Nimmo was also a member of the New York Jets, Cologne Centurions, Cleveland Browns and New England Patriots.
Nimmo is currently a computer technology teacher at Sharpsville Area High School, in Sharpsville, Pennsylvania.

</doc>
<doc id="18725331" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18725331" title="McEwan Hall">
McEwan Hall

The McEwan Hall is the graduating hall of the University of Edinburgh, in Edinburgh, the capital of Scotland. It was presented to the University in 1897 by William McEwan, brewer and politician, at a cost of £115,000. Sir Robert Rowand Anderson was the architect.
The exterior of the D-shaped hall was completed in 1894. The interior, finished in 1897, is built in Italian Renaissance style, and features mural decorations from the hand of William Palin. The central piece of art is a large painted work known as "The Temple of Fame" depicting a great number of philosophers and students. The McEwan Hall organ was built in 1897 by Robert Hope-Jones, and has been rebuilt and modified on various occasions afterwards.
Another striking feature of the McEwan Hall is its large dome. On the inside of the dome is a biblical inscription: "Wisdom is the principal thing, therefore get wisdom, and with all thy getting, get understanding. Exalt her and she shall bring thee to honour." (Proverbs 4:7).

</doc>
<doc id="18725366" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18725366" title="Dynamite Kablammo">
Dynamite Kablammo

Dynamite Kablammo (also referred to as DK) is a sketch comedy group based in the San Fernando Valley, established in 2006 by Greg Kaczynski, Matt DeNoto, and Candida Rodriguez. Dana DeRuyck, Dane Biren and Meredith Rensa are also members. DeNoto and Kaczynski write the shows with DeRuyck occasionally contributing.
DK's shows have a heavy technical side, requiring many visual and audio cues, and so they also maintain an audio/visual technician in the group, initially John Nobori, but replaced by Adam Neubauer in August 2007.
Style & Influences.
Their style takes typical sketch comedy basics and keeps the time of each sketch down to a minimum. Sketches will run as short as 30 seconds to occasionally as long as four minutes, with an average of 20+ sketches being produced in an hour long show, often showcasing "premises that splinter off in clever and unexpected directions.". Their writing style precludes any and all topical humor, striving instead for absurdity, literary sketches, and cleverness. Every show contains at least one song written and composed by DeNoto.
Among their influences, the members cite Monty Python, The Kids in the Hall, The State, The Simpsons, and Arrested Development.
History and Acclaim.
Their first show premiered at Zombie Joe's Underground in North Hollywood on August 17, 2006. Even though Rodriguez is no longer with the group, as of August 2008, Dynamite Kablammo has put up 5 original shows, several "Best Of" shows, participated in the North Hollywood Arts festival, and attended the Rogue Festival in Fresno, CA. These shows have been critically acclaimed from such notable news outlets as the LA Weekly and Back Stage West.
That initial show was nominated for three Artistic Director Achievement Awards in the North Hollywood arts district including Best Director, Best Ensemble (comedy), and Best Production (comedy). The original song from the first show, "Everybody Hates", was featured on the Huffington Post.
The second show, which opened January 18, 2007, was extended because of sold-out crowds.
Before the third show was finished, Candida Rodriguez left the group and the acting industry behind completely. The following two shows were run with the remaining four members.
In January 2008, the fourth show was mounted with a title, something Dynamite Kablammo had not done before. It was called "Are You Delicious?", received critical praise, and decent box office.
In March 2008, Dynamite Kablammo went to the Rogue Festival in Fresno where they had a 6-show sold-out run. The show was also a critical success receiving glowing reviews 
In July 2008, they returned to having five members by recruiting Meredith Rensa. They also debuted their fifth original show, "You Will Most Likely Die", which also received critical acclaim from the Los Angeles press.
After five acclaimed shows, Dynamite Kablammo hung up their pens and costumes and officially disbanded on January 1, 2009. Internal disagreements over funds and vision were central to the split accompanied by burn-out. Since the split, members have gone on to do remarkable solo work. Greg Kaczynski continues to work in theater around Los Angeles, he writes and teaches full-time. Matt DeNoto continues to write, working on screenplays and creating short comedic videos under the monkier Furious Molecules while still active with his band, Hollywood Trash. Candi Rodriguez has returned to acting and is very active in Los Angeles theater, working on solo projects; in the fall of 2008, she and Kaczynski collaborated on a critically acclaimed and financially successful clown show, "Nose Tales". Dana DeRuyck is very active in theater and film in the Los Angeles area, never having a moment to rest. Dane Biren is very active in Los Angeles theater, hoping to break into Broadway. After a period of being very active in local theater, Meredith Rensa is now raising a family. She intends on returning to acting when settled.
In the spring of 2010, Matt DeNoto finished the lengthy project of compiling, editing, and organizing DVDs of the group's five original shows. On Saturday, March 27, 2010, he gathered - for the first time ever - every single member of the Dynamite Kablammo creative team (including Neubauer and Nobori) to record a commentary track for the DVD set.
There are no current plans for Dynamite Kablammo to reunite.
Other media.
Over the years, they have also produced several shorts which have garnered hundreds of thousands of viewers on sites like YouTube. In addition, the group is currently posting classic sketches taped during the live shows every week on their dedicated DK YouTube channel.

</doc>
<doc id="18725375" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18725375" title="Eagle Beach">
Eagle Beach

Eagle Beach is a beach and neighborhood of Oranjestad, Aruba. The neighborhood is famous for its many low-rise resorts and wide public beach. It has soft white sand and has been rated one of the best beaches in the world. It is one of two beaches in Aruba that allow nudity, the other being Baby Beach.

</doc>
<doc id="18725383" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18725383" title="Cameron Boyce">
Cameron Boyce

Cameron Boyce (born May 28, 1999) is an American actor and dancer best known for his roles in the feature films "Mirrors", "Eagle Eye", "Grown Ups", and "Grown Ups 2", as well as for his co-starring role as Luke Ross on the Disney Channel comedy series, "Jessie". Cameron is also the voice of Jake on the Disney Junior show Jake and the Neverland Pirates.
Personal life.
Boyce lives in the Los Angeles area with his mother, father, younger sister, and dog, Cienna. He is an accomplished dancer and his favorite style of dance is break. Along with four of his friends, he is a member of the breakdancing crew "X Mob"
Career.
In May 2008, Cameron Boyce made his television debut on the Panic! At The Disco music video, That Green Gentleman (Things Have Changed), appearing as a kid version of the guitarist Ryan Ross. Then, in July, he appeared as a recurring role, "Michael 'Stone' Cates Jr." on the nighttime soap opera "". In August of that year, he made his feature film debut with a co-starring role in the horror film "Mirrors", as well as appearing in the mystery-thriller film "Eagle Eye" that fall. In June 2010, Boyce co-starred as Keith Feder, the spoiled son of Adam Sandler's character, in the comedy film "Grown Ups", and appeared later that same year showing off his dance skills on the web series. "The Legion of Extraordinary Dancers".
In April 2011, Boyce made a guest-appearance on the Disney Channel series, "Good Luck Charlie" and later that same month he was one of the featured dancers in a Royal Wedding tribute on ABC's "Dancing with the Stars". In June 2011, he had a small role as one of Judy's classmates in the family comedy film "Judy Moody and the Not Bummer Summer" and in August, he was one of the featured dancers on the Disney Channel series "Shake It Up". 
In September 2011, Boyce was cast in a co-starring role on the Disney Channel comedy series, "Jessie" in the role of "Luke Ross". During pre-production of the show, the role of "Luke" was originally intended to be a boy named "Hiro" adopted from Korea, but casting directors were impressed with Boyce during the audition process, and ultimately decided to recreate the role specifically for him.

</doc>
<doc id="18725387" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18725387" title="Roman Catholic Diocese of Malacca-Johor">
Roman Catholic Diocese of Malacca-Johor

The Roman Catholic Diocese of Malacca-Johor (Latin: "Dioecesis Melakanus-Giohoranus") is a diocese of the Latin Rite of the Roman Catholic Church in the Ecclesiastical province of Kuala Lumpur in Malaysia. It is located in the southern region of Malaysia, administering 2 states, namely Malacca and Johor.
List of parishes.
This is a list of parishes in the Diocese of Malacca-Johor. There are 3 districts: South Johor, North Johor and Malacca. There are currently 20 churches being administered under 17 parishes.

</doc>
<doc id="18725391" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18725391" title="Paul K. Dayton">
Paul K. Dayton

Paul K. Dayton is a biological oceanographer and marine ecologist at Scripps Institution of Oceanography. Dayton works in Benthic Ecology, Marine Conservation & Policy, Evolution & Natural History, and General Ecology.
During a 35 year career at Scripps, Dayton has researched coastal Antarctic habitats and the rocky shore habitats of Washington in order to better understand marine ecosystems. He has also documented the environmental impacts of overfishing, and phenomena such as El Niño on coastal ecology.
Dayton is the only person to win both the George Mercer Award (1974) and the WS Cooper Award (2000) from the Ecological Society of America. In 2002. he received the Scientific Diving Lifetime Achievement Award from the American Academy of Underwater Sciences; in 2004 he was honored with the Edward O. Wilson Naturalist Award from the American Society of Naturalists, and in 2006 was the first recipient of the Ramon Margalef Prize in Ecology, awarded by a jury of scientists representing Catalonia, the European Union, and the international ecology community. Dayton has been director of The Ocean Conservancy and the National Research Council Panel on Marine Protected Areas.
He has been a frequent contributor to "Science" magazine.
Important Papers.
Dayton's 1971 paper titled Competition, disturbance and community organization: The provision and subsequent utilization of space in a rocky intertidal community published in Ecological Monograph has been cited over 1800 times as of 25/4/2012, an impressive number considering that most ecology papers only get cited 2-3 times per year.
Education.
Dayton received his B.S. from the University of Arizona, Tucson, in 1963. He then earned a doctorate in Zoology at the University of Washington under Robert T. Paine, known for the Keystone species concept.

</doc>
<doc id="18725399" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18725399" title="Complejo Municipal">
Complejo Municipal

Complejo Municipal San Juan Opico is a sports complex which local soccer team Juventud Independiente use as their home field in the Primera Division de Futbol Professional in El Salvador. The stadium's maximum capacity is estimated at about 5,000.

</doc>
<doc id="18725412" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18725412" title="Swan Songs (Hollywood Undead album)">
Swan Songs (Hollywood Undead album)

Swan Songs is the debut album by Hollywood Undead, released through Octone Records. The album was released on September 2, 2008. "Everywhere I Go" was the first single to be released, it was a web single and was available for download only on iTunes. The band released four music videos for four songs on the album, "No.5", "Undead", "Young", and "Everywhere I Go" When purchased through Amazon.com and at some other retailers, the album includes a bonus track and an option to unlock music videos. "Swan Songs" is the only studio album to feature vocalist Deuce, excluding the half-studio album Desperate Measures.
Overview.
"Swan Songs" was supposed to be released on the band's original label, MySpace Records in 2007, however it was postponed by the record label when they requested to have some of the songs removed and others censored. The band declined and switched labels to Octone which wouldn't require them to censor their songs. The album peaked at #22 on the Billboard 200 and sold 21,000 copies on its debut week. "Swan Songs" was released by Polydor Records on May 18, 2009 in the United Kingdom with two bonus tracks. After 64 weeks, the album fell off of the "Billboard" Top 200, but returned four weeks later at #154. Swan Songs ended up spending 82 weeks in total on the Billboard 200. In 2009, it was certified gold by the RIAA. On January 18th, 2013 it reached the Platinum sales mark.
The song "Undead" is featured in the video game "UFC Undisputed 2009". The song "Young" is featured as downloadable content for "Rock Band 2". According to an e-mail sent out to fans from the official website April 4, 2011, the album has been re-released on iTunes as a Collector's Edition. This features all the tracks available on the original "Swan Songs" plus "Swan Songs B-Sides EP", "Swan Songs Rarities EP", and the "Black Dahlia Remixes" ep.
Reception.
"Swan Songs" received mostly mixed reviews. Dave Donnelly of Allmusic gave the album a 2 out of 5 stars, saying that the lyrics were uninteresting and that the album was "given over to ironic frat-boy party rap" (using the singles "Everywhere I go" and "No. 5" as examples).
Censorship.
There are two versions of the albums, including the explicit version and the clean/censored version.
The explicit leaves profanity and other content uncensored after the release of the album. The clean/censored version removes some profanity and content, leaving out the words "bitch", "ass", and "shit" uncensored.
Track listing.
† indicates song is from Swan Songs Rarities EP
§ indicates song is from Black Dahlia Remixes
Personnel.
Credits for "Swan Songs" adapted from Allmusic.

</doc>
<doc id="18725423" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18725423" title="Steve Mouzakis">
Steve Mouzakis

Steve Mouzakis is an Australian actor who has had numerous television and film roles. He is best known for his roles as Rolf in Very Small Business, Andrew Petrious in The Slap and Chris Baros in Killing Time.
He is also known for his roles as Theo Kallergis in Blue Heelers and Paolo in The Secret Life of Us.

</doc>
<doc id="18725426" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18725426" title="Roman Catholic Diocese of Keningau">
Roman Catholic Diocese of Keningau

The Roman Catholic Diocese of Keningau (Lat: "Dioecesis Keningauensis") is a diocese of the Latin Rite of the Roman Catholic Church in Malaysia.
Erected in 1992, from the Archdiocese of Kota Kinabalu, on May 23 of 2008; the diocese became a suffragan of the newly elevated Archdiocese of Kota Kinabalu.
The first and only bishop is Cornelius Piong, appointed in 1992.

</doc>
<doc id="18725457" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18725457" title="Ken Balendra">
Ken Balendra

Kandiah (Ken) Balendra (born 1940) is a Sri Lankan corporate leader and executive, who holds and has held many corporate positions in Sri Lanka and the region. He served as the first Sri Lankan chairman of John Keells Holdings Ltd., the largest conglomerate in the island. Currently he is the chairman of Brandix Lanka Ltd. and the South Asia Regional Fund of the Commonwealth Development Corporation.
Biography.
Early life and education.
Born into a well-to-do, Tamil family in Colombo, his father was a revenue inspector. He was educated at the prestigious Royal College Colombo, where he excelled in sports. He participated in the Royalist team at the 1958 Bradby Shield Encounter, where Trinity was defeated to end their streak of 6 consecutive victories.
Family.
He married Swyrie, a doctor, in 1969. They have a son named Krishan, who has served as the chairman of the Colombo Stock Exchange since mid-2011. Krishan was educated at INSEAD in France and the University of London.
Career.
Balendra began his career in 1963 as a planter at Finlays, an independent tea and horticultural product trader. He joined John Keells Holdings in 1969 (then known as John Keell Thompson White Ltd) and following a successful stint as a tea broker he was appointed as a company director in 1974. From 1990 until his retirement from the company in 2000 he served as its chairman, the first Sri Lankan to hold the position, overseeing a period of rapid growth and diversification. He has served as chairman of the Bank of Ceylon (2000–2002), the Ceylon Tobacco Company (2003–2008), the Securities and Exchange Commission (2000–2002), the Insurance Board of Sri Lanka, and the Ceylon Chamber of Commerce.
In April 2000 Balendra was appointed as the first president of the Sri Lanka Institute of Directors. He was a director at Chevron Lubricants Lanka until his resignation in 2011, having served over 10 years.
In 2011 The Sunday Leader named Balendra as one of "The 20 Billionaires of Sri Lanka’s Stock Market". He was featured in 11th place, with holdings said to be worth nearly 2.5 billion Rupees.

</doc>
<doc id="18725460" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18725460" title="Tourism in Chile">
Tourism in Chile

Tourism in Chile has experienced sustained growth over the last decades. Chile received about 1.25 million foreign visitors in 2006, up to 2.50 million in 2007
The percentages of foreign tourists arrivals by land, air and sea were, respectively, 55.3%, 40.5% and 4.2% for that year. The two main gateways for international tourists visiting Chile are Comodoro Arturo Merino Benítez International Airport and Paso Los Libertadores.
Chile has a great diversity of natural landscapes, from the Mars-like landscapes of the hyperarid Atacama Desert to the glacier-fed fjords of the Chilean Patagonia, passing by the winelands backdropped by the Andes of the Central Valley and the old-growth forests of the Lakes District. Easter Island and Juan Fernández Archipelago, including Robinson Crusoe Island, are also major attractions.
Many of the most visited attractions in Chile are protected areas. The extensive Chilean protected areas system includes 32 national parks, 48 natural reserves and 15 natural monuments.
Since 2005 local people groups have been working on a project, Sendero de Chile, to create an 8,000 km trail throughout Zona Sur for bicycling and hiking. This trail demonstrates a shift from traditional tourism to ecotourism, and when complete will travel through various provinces and regions, primarily south of Zona Central.
Norte Grande.
Atacama Desert, which has been inhabited for several thousand years, makes up the main portion of Norte Grande. A myriad of geoglyphs, petroglyphs and pictographs attest the presence of ancient cultures in the area. Among the most remarkable are those of Azapa Valley, Lluta Valley, the Atacama Giant and Pintados Geoglyphs, these latter are protected within Pampa del Tamarugal National Reserve. R. P. Gustavo Le Paige Archaeological Museum and Archaeological Museum of San Miguel de Azapa are home to the most important collections of artifacts and mummies in Chile, including the famous Chinchorro mummies, the oldest mummies in the world. The extreme aridity of the Atacama has been a key factor in the preservation of such archaeological remains.
Arica is a coastal city with beautiful beaches and is also a starting point for travelers heading east to Putre for enjoying the majestic Puna landscape of Lauca National Park. Southward from Lauca, Volcán Isluga National Park includes ceremonial sites for the Aymara people.
Inland from Iquique, the desolate pampas are home to a few scattered towns and villages. Among those, the most interesting is the ghost town of Humberstone. In this area the tamarugo forests of the Pampa del Tamarugal break the barren monotony of the landscape.
The altiplano of Norte Grande has a wide variety of natural scenery including salt flats, volcanoes, lakes and geysers. San Pedro de Atacama and surrounding area offer one of most spectacular combinations of archeology and awe-inspiring natural sights. San Pedro was the cradle of the Atacameño Culture. Villages with interesting cultural past are Caspana, Toconao, Socaire and Chiu Chiu. Notable are also the pre-Hispanic fortresses of Quitor, Lasana and Turi. Two popular destinations in this area are Valley of the Moon, so-named because its landscape resembles the moon, and El Tatio Geysers.
Antofagasta is the largest city in Norte Grande. La Portada, a stunning natural arch, is located a short drive from Antofagasta.
Pan de Azúcar National Park is a park where sea and desert meet.
Norte Chico.
The Andes of Norte Chico are home to many of the highest volcanoes in the world, the highlight being Ojos del Salado. Apart from Ojos del Salado and the rest of the volcanoes, attractions in this portion of the Andes include Nevado Tres Cruces National Park and Laguna Verde.
Norte Chico boasts some of the best beaches and exclusive coastal resorts in the country, such as Bahía Inglesa and those of La Serena.
The clear skies of Norte Chico and its world-renowned infrastructure have made it ideal for astronomical tourism.
Elqui Valley is a very popular destination. Here, the dazzling green of the valley floor contrasts nicely with the barren brown slopes of the mountains that flank it.
Zona Central.
This area is home to the main ski resorts in Chile, which attract a significant number of tourists from the northern hemisphere because the reversed alpine skiing season. They are Chapa Verde, Portillo, Valle Nevado and Termas de Chillán. Furthermore, Wine tourism is common in Zona Central, and the Wine Routes of the Casablanca, Cachapoal and Colchagua valleys are some of the finest in Chile.
Apart from the national capital itself and its many attractions, the metropolitan region surrounding Santiago includes several attractions such as the Cajón del Maipo, Pomaire, and some of the oldest vineyards in the country, as well as various archaeological sites.
West of Santiago, Valparaíso is a wonderful, amphitheater-shaped city, whose historic quarter has been recognized as a World Heritage Site. Its neighboring city, Viña del Mar, attracts a large number of foreign tourists, particularly from Argentina.
The O'Higgins Region, south of Santiago, is known as "Huaso country" for its rural "criollo" culture. Pichilemu, in the O'Higgins Region, is reputed to have the best beaches for Surfing in Chile, if not the world. Other tourist sites in the O'Higgins region include the historically significant city of Rancagua, Sewell and the Rio de los Cipreses nature reserve.
Further south in the Maule and Bio Bio regions are the Radal Siete Tazas National Reserve and Laguna del Laja National Park.
Zona Sur.
Araucanía Region is the heartland of the Mapuche people. This area exhibits an incipient development of Indigenous tourism, in differents sectors. in the coastal area of Araucania Ethnological tourism is developed on the banks Mapuche Budi Lake.
The Andean sector of Araucania, highlight the great national parks, such as Conguillio National Park the forest of araucarias, Villarrica National Park, huerquehue National Park, Tolhuaca National Park besides the national reserves as Alto Biobio National Reserve, Malalcahuello National Reserve, Nalcas National Reserve, Malleco National Reserve, China Muerta National Reserve.
The capital of Araucania is Temuco, city of differents service, hotels, turist circuits, airport, markest, and the simbolics and historics sectors, the Cerro Ñielol Natural Monument is an icons of this city, and the most important tourist point.
The Lake District is characterized by piedmont lakes crowned by snowcapped volcanoes, whose lower flanks are covered with lush forests of native trees. Lovely towns and villages dot the lakesides, chiefly Pucón, Villarrica, Frutillar and Puerto Varas. Puerto Montt is the tourist hub of the region.
The most visited national parks include Puyehue National Park and Vicente Pérez Rosales National Park, the latter is Chile's oldest national park.
Valdivia is one of Chile's most beautiful cities, recognition received mainly because of its lush natural surrounding. South from the city lies the colonial Valdivian Fort System.
The almost perfect cone of Osorno Volcano is an iconic landmark in the region. Alike Villarrica Volcano, which is one of the few volcanoes in the world that have an active Lava lake.
As an added bonus, this zone includes the granite domes of the Cochamó Valley.
Zona Austral.
Zona Austral is a premier destination for Ecotourism and Adventure travel. It features countless islands and islets, a maze of steep-sided fjords and channels, large glaciers and icefields and exuberant unspoilt temperate rainforests. Turbulent rivers descend from the Andes, chief of those being the Futaleufú River, which is widely considered one of the world's most challenging rivers for whitewater kayaking and rafting. Other opportunities for outdoor recreation, include hiking, cycling, sea kayaking and flyfishing.
Chiloé is characterized by having a rolling green countryside, but is better known for its peculiar wooden architecture and for its culture, which is full of myths and traditions. Also is remarkable its temperate rainforests.
The scenic Carretera Austral crosses or is nearby to many of the most popular destinations in this portion of Chile. Those include Pumalín Park, Yelcho Lake, Queulat National Park, Cerro Castillo National Reserve, General Carrera Lake and Caleta Tortel.
Laguna San Rafael National Park is the only park where visitors can contemplate at the same time the huge glaciers of Patagonia and the rich diversity of plants of the Valdivian Ecoregion.
Pío XI Glacier, one of the few advancing glaciers in the world, is a must-see in the Chilean Inside Passage.
Torres del Paine National Park is the main attraction in Zona Austral and one of the most beautiful national parks in the world.
The sprawling glaciers of the Cordillera Darwin, which is contained within Alberto de Agostini National Park, are reachable only by boat. Other typical destinations are Puerto Williams and Cape Horn.
Easter Island.
Easter Island is world-renowned for its "cultural, unique and natural heritage". It is named Easter Island because it was discovered on Easter Sunday in 1722. It also has mysterious statues which have been shrouded in mystery since their discovery.
Juan Fernández Islands.
Juan Fernández Archipelago is also well known for its jungles and endemic flora. The Juan Fen´nadez islands are also known for being inhabited by Alexander Selkirk, the man who inspired the Robinson Crusoe novel. In 1966 the Chilean government renamed Isla Más Afuera to Alejandro Selkirk and Isla Más a Tierra to Robinson Crusoe, in order to promote tourism. Incidentally, Selkirk never set foot on Más Afuera, only on Más a Tierra.
Ethical Traveler Destination.
Chile has been included in the 2010, 2011 and 2012 lists of ""The Developing World's 10 Best Ethical Destinations"." This is an annual ranking produced by Ethical Traveler magazine, which is based on a study of developing nations from around the world to identify the best tourism destinations among them. The benchmarking uses categories such as environmental protection, social welfare, and human rights.

</doc>
<doc id="18725465" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18725465" title="Charito">
Charito

Charito (mid 4th century CE) was a Roman Empress, consort of Jovian, Roman Emperor. Some historians doubt whether Charito was granted the title of Augusta as no archaeological evidence as yet confirms it.
Name.
Charito's name does not appear in Ammianus Marcellinus, one of the main sources for the reign of her husband. The earliest source recording her name appears to be the "Chronographikon syntomon" of Nikephoros I of Constantinople. The earliest Latin source doing so was a translation of the chronographikon by Anastasius Bibliothecarius. Timothy Barnes considers her absence from the account of Ammianus to reflect her lack of political influence. Barnes notes that Ammianus does not name Albia Dominica, wife of Valens, whose influence was also limited.
Family.
According to Ammianus and Zosimus, Charito was a daughter of Lucillianus. Lucillianus was a military commander situated in Sirmium during the late reign of Constantius II. He had served as a commander in a conflict with the Sassanid Empire in 350. He then served as comes domesticorum under Constantius Gallus.:
In 358 -359, Lucillianus and Procopius formed the second embassy sent by Constantius to Shapur II, negotiating terms of peace and returning without results. Lucillianus later attempted to counter the advance of Julian the Apostate and his forces against Constantius. He was defeated however and was dismissed from the Roman army when Julian rose to the throne. 
Ammianus and Zosimus give two slightly different accounts on the role of the imperial father-in-law in the brief reign of Jovian. Lucillianus was reinstated and received orders to move to Mediolanum. In secret, Jovianus also asked him to ""take with him some men selected for their tried vigour and loyalty, with the view of making use of their support as the condition of affairs might suggest"". 
The return of Lucillianus to action would result in his death sometime later. He was killed by his own men after a false rumour indicated that Julian was still alive. 
According to Zosimus, Lucillianus was murdered for being the bearer of the bad news about the death of Julian. The two accounts differ in the location of the death, Rheims or Sirmium, and on which units were responsible. Ammianus leaves it vague while Zosimus points at specific units.
Empress.
Charito married Jovian, a son of Varronianus. Her father-in-law was tribune of the Jovians and comes domesticorum. Varronianus retired into private life during the reign of Julian. Jovian had also pursued a military career, serving as "primicerius domesticorum" under Julian. They had at least one son, also named Varronianus. Philostorgius claims that Varronianus was one of two sons. The other son is not named. However this brief mention is the only source mentioning or suggesting the existence of a second son.
On 26 June 363, Julian was mortally wounded in the Battle of Samarra. He died a few hours following the end of the conflict. He was childless and had never designated an heir. On 27 June, the remaining officers of the campaign proceeded to elect a new emperor, selecting Jovian for unclear reasons. Charito became the new empress.
Jovianus and the younger Varronianus served as Roman Consuls in 364. The "Dictionary of Christian Biography and Literature to the End of the Sixth Century" by Henry Wace notes Charito and their son had joined the Emperor by the end of 363, a fact that can be determined by a passage of Themistius. But Joannes Zonaras reports that Charito and Jovian did not met each other during his reign, a possible error according to the Dictionary. On 17 February 364, Jovian died at Dadastana and various accounts have survived debating the manner of his death. Ammianus, for instance, compares his death with that of Scipio Aemilianus Africanus and seems to have suspected murder.
Eutropius reports that Jovian "by the kindness of the emperors that succeeded him, was enrolled among the gods". Which indicates the practice of the Imperial cult continued at least to this point in time. Zonaras reports both Jovian and Charito buried in the Church of the Holy Apostles, Constantinople.
Widow.
"The History of the Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire" by Edward Gibbon reports that:
The reference to Varronianus being half-blind comes from the "Homilies on Philippians" by John Chrysostom. "Another again, his successor, was destroyed by noxious drugs, and his cup was to him no longer drink, but death. And his son had an eye put out, from fear of what was to follow, though he had done no wrong." Louis-Sébastien Le Nain de Tillemont was the first to identify the poisoned emperor with Jovian and the son with Varronianus. Gibbon and others have followed this interpretation. Tillemont assumed that Varronianus was eventually executed but there is no ancient or medieval text supporting the notion.
The reference to the fate of Charito comes from the "Letter to a Young Widow" by John Chrysostom, written c. 380. 
The original passage is quite vague in not actually naming the emperors or empresses mentioned. The interpretation given by Gibbon and others identifies the two emperors who died of natural causes with Constantine I and Constantius II. The one slain by a usurper was Constans, assassinated by orders of rival emperor Magnentius. The one killed in battle is thought to be Constantine II. The one assassinated by his guards was Jovian, since Chrysostom expressed the same belief in another of his texts. The one killed by the man who elevated him to the purple was Constantius Gallus, created Caesar by Constantius II and later executed by orders of the same emperor. The empress trembling for the life of her son is thought to be Charito. The one returning from exile is tentatively identified with Marina Severa, first wife of Valentinian I and mother of Gratian. However the identification is very doubtful in this case as her life following her divorce is not recorded by other sources.
Bleterie considered Charito to have been a Christian and comments "no one had ever more need of the solid consolations which Christianity alone can give".

</doc>
<doc id="18725473" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18725473" title="Tapestry Dance Company">
Tapestry Dance Company

The Tapestry Dance Company is a professional non-profit dance company in Austin, Texas. Founded in 1989, the company performs repertoire from a variety of dance genres and often blends different types of dance within their choreography. Initially a performing company of three, the organization has sense expanded to seven resident artists, a diversified administrative and production support staff and a pre-professional and adult training facility. Tapestry Dance Company is supported by numerous organizations including the Texas Commission on the Arts and the National Endowment of the Arts.

</doc>
<doc id="18725495" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18725495" title="Roger Ashton">
Roger Ashton

Roger Ashton (executed at Tyburn, 23 June 1592) was an English Roman Catholic soldier. He is a Catholic martyr.
Life.
He was the third son of Richard Ashton of Croston, in Lancashire. In 1585 he had gone to serve in the Low Countries under the Earl of Leicester against the Spanish. Sir William Stanley having been placed on guard over the town of Deventer, which had revolted from the Spaniards, he, with the assistance of Ashton, gave the town back to Spain and went over to their side (29 January 1587). 
Cardinal William Allen published a "Defence" of this act in the form of a letter addressed to one "R.A.". Stanley next entrusted to Ashton the task of bringing over his wife from Ireland, but she was already under arrest. 
At the close of the year 1587 he returned to England and was apprehended in Kent with a marriage dispensation; Richard Challoner says it was a papal dispensation to marry his second cousin. In January, 1588, he was in the Tower of London. Ill towards the close of the year, he was transferred to easier confinement in the Marshalsea. From this he managed to escape and fled to his brothers in Lancashire. He was arrested later, at Shields near Newcastle, while trying to escape overseas. 
Transferred to Durham and York, he was tried and sentenced at Canterbury. He was hanged, drawn, and quartered; his indictment is not preserved. He died a "very resolute" Catholic, making profession of his faith.

</doc>
<doc id="18725497" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18725497" title="Leonard Shepherd">
Leonard Shepherd

Leonard Alec Shepherd (February 18, 1897 – December 10, 1969) was a politician and businessman mostly connected with the City of Surrey, British Columbia, Canada. He was a Member of the Legislative Assembly (MLA) for the riding of Delta from 1937 until 1945 as a member of the Co-operative Commonwealth Federation.
He was born in Tiddington, Oxfordshire, England and moved to the Lower Mainland of British Columbia in 1910 with his family. The Shepherd family are now considered pioneers in Surrey. Shepherd served overseas during World War I. After the war, he worked as a wireless operator on coastal steamships. In 1921, he established a farm machinery business. Mr. Shepherd was also a member of the Surrey City Council and a member of the Surrey School Board. Len Shepherd Secondary was named in his honour. Len Shepherd died in New Westminster, British Columbia at the age of 71.

</doc>
<doc id="18725525" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18725525" title="Buttertubs Marsh">
Buttertubs Marsh

Buttertubs Marsh is a bird sanctuary in Nanaimo, British Columbia, Canada. 
Located in the middle of the city of Nanaimo, the marsh covers approximately 100 acres (40 hectares). Within this is the 46 acre (18.7 hectare) "Buttertubs Marsh Conservation Area", owned by the Nature Trust of British Columbia.
The marsh is man-made and is home to Great Blue Heron, Mallard, Canada geese, Ring-necked duck, Hooded Merganser, American Widgeon, Violet-green swallow and Red-winged Blackbirds. 
The sanctuary is Vancouver Island's only documented breeding site of American Bittern.
Approximately half of the wetland area is privately owned, and efforts are underway to purchase the remaining land to protect it against development. Some residential development has already taken place on the eastern edge of the site. 

</doc>
<doc id="18725533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18725533" title="Roman Catholic Diocese of Miri">
Roman Catholic Diocese of Miri

The Roman Catholic Diocese of Miri (Lat: "Dioecesis Mirensis") is a diocese of the Latin Rite of the Roman Catholic Church in Malaysia. Situated north-eastern region of the Archdiocese of Kuching, of which it is a suffragan diocese of.
History.
Originally erected in 1959, as the Apostolic Vicariate of Miri, the diocese was formed from the Vicariate of Kuching. 
The present Catholic community in the country finds its roots in the ministry of the Missionary Society of St. Joseph (Mill Hill Missionaries) They started schools all throughout Miri, starting with Good Shepherd School, at Claude Town,(or present day Marudi).
After the Vicariate of Miri was established and, in the following year, Father Anthony D. Galvin (who was a Mill Hill Father himself) was consecrated the first bishop of the Miri Vicariate. He was ordained by Pope John XXIII in Rome on May 5, 1960.
Approximately 6 years later, on January 2, 1966, Father Anthony Lee (who was the first priest from Miri at that time) was ordained.
Pope Paul VI then established a new Church province in East Malaysia on May 31, 1976, and Miri Vicariate was raised to the level of a Diocese.
On May 20, 1977, Pope Paul VI appointed Father Anthony Lee as the first bishop of the Diocese of Miri, and he was ordained bishop in St. Joseph's Cathedral, Miri, on Nov. 20 and the Diocese of Miri was officially proclaimed on the same day. The diocese is currently a suffragan of the Archdiocese of Kuching.
On 11 November 1997, it lost its territory to the North of it (Brunei), to establish Apostolic Prefecture of Brunei. (Currently the Apostolic Vicariate of Brunei)
The current bishop is Newly ordained Bishop Richard Ng, appointed in 2013, Ordained and Installed in January 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="18725536" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18725536" title="Dan Curley">
Dan Curley

Daniel Lawrence Curley (born September 25, 1978 in Tacoma, Washington) is a former American football tight end and Fullback of the National Football League. He was drafted by the St. Louis Rams in the fifth round of the 2003 NFL Draft. He played college football at Eastern Washington. He attended Anacortes High School in Anacortes, WA.
Curley was also a member of the New Orleans Saints and Carolina Panthers.

</doc>
<doc id="18725575" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18725575" title="Rezki Amrouche">
Rezki Amrouche

Rezki Amrouche (born on November 17, 1970) is an Algerian football manager and former player. As a player, he played 34 times for the Algerian National Team, scoring 2 goals.
Managerial career.
On October 24, 2011, Amrouche was appointed as manager of Algerian Ligue Professionnelle 2 side USM Blida.
Honours.
Club:
Country:

</doc>
<doc id="18725594" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18725594" title="8Ball &amp; MJG discography">
8Ball &amp; MJG discography

The discography of 8Ball & MJG, an American hip hop duo, consists of ten studio albums, one mixtape and ten singles.

</doc>
<doc id="18725616" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18725616" title="Alex Tsitsopoulos">
Alex Tsitsopoulos

Alex Tsitsopoulos is an Australian actor.
Alex developed a passion for performing at an early age acting in numerous plays with the Victorian Youth Theatre. At 17 he starred in the AFI award-winning teen dramedy "Short Cuts" and would go on to guest in other TV productions including "Wentworth, Neighbours, Tangle, Lowdown and Wilfred". Alex has also performed in independent theatre across Melbourne including shows for the Fringe and Big-West arts festivals.
After a short hiatus Alex returned to acting, training at 16th Street and participating in masterclasses with Ellen Burstyn and Larry Moss. Alex is currently set to play Milad Mokbel in the highly-anticipated new drama "Fat Tony %26 Co."

</doc>
<doc id="18725657" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18725657" title="Roman Catholic Diocese of Sibu">
Roman Catholic Diocese of Sibu

The Roman Catholic Diocese of Sibu (Lat: "Dioecesis Sibuensis") is a diocese of the Latin Rite of the Roman Catholic Church in Malaysia. 
Erected in 1986, from the Archdiocese of Kuching, the diocese remains a suffragan of its parent. 
The first bishop was Dominic Su Haw Chiu, appointed in 1986, and requested for early retirement in December 2011 for health reasons. In 2008, due to growing number of Catholics in the diocese, the Pope appointed Msgr. Joseph Hii Teck Kwong as the Auxiliary Bishop of the Diocese of Sibu. Bishop Joseph Hii Teck Kwong is the current bishop of Sibu
History.
The Sibu Mission started in 1899 when Fr. Cornelius Keet first arrived. A small hut was built for the priest to stay on his travels to Bintangor and Sari (Sarikei). Although it was only a short stay, he managed to convert a few hundred persons to the Catholic faith before he was recalled to Kuching.
Fr. Vincent Halder arrived in Sibu in 1906. He built the old Sacred Heart Church on stilts which served the Catholic community until 1954. Fr. Halder is described as a most lovable character. He was extremely well liked by his boys and by all the people in Sibu. A new convent school was opened in 1929 and 13 churches were built in the lower Rejang area as the Mission was called. Fr. Halder left for Europe on 1 March 1931 and on his return, he fell ill and died in Singapore on 16 August 1936 at the age of 57. The Catholics from Sibu had his body brought back and he was buried in the mission compound. When his body was exhumed 28 years later to make way for development, it was found to be incorrupt, so he was given a second funeral around Sibu town.
Fr. Keet returned to Sibu and was assisted by Fr. Aloysius Hopfgartner. This was the first push in the Rejang District towards work among the Chinese. Education was of primary concern. Fr. Hopfgartner founded the Sacred Heart School and became its principal until he was transferred to Sandakan in 1908. 
Fr. William van Odijk took over from Fr. Halder and the mission continued to flourish, looking also after the Lower Rejang area. Since 1910 Sibu is mentioned as a separate mission. Fr. Odijk died in 1936, aged 55. 
Fr John Vos arrived and was mainly involved in school work. His stay in Sibu was short before moving to Kuching. He was succeeded by Fr James Buis in 1938. As the Sacred Heart School grew, priests like Fr. Thomas Delaney (1933–1937), Fr. William Wagenaar (1935–1938), Fr. Gerard Bruggeman (1937–1940), Fr. Francis Hulsbosch (1938–1939), Fr. John Dekker (1940–1942) were assigned to take up teaching posts. Besides school work they were also engaged in pastoral work.
In May 1942, the European priests were interned by the Japanese at Batu Lintang camp, Kuching. Fr. Joseph Chin was the only remaining local priest in the whole of the Rejang region, and had to go underground to carry out his priestly duties. He went house to house offering Mass secretly. Twice he was caught and was flogged and jailed. He was highly esteemed by all who know him. He was the builder of St Mary's church and was its first Priest (1967–1968). He died of cancer in 1969.
The Japanese surrendered in 1945. The interned priests were flown from Kuching to Labuan in September to recuperate for a short time. It was decided that some priests would go to Europe for long leave, others would start to re-open the mission stations. Fr. Buis returned to Sibu. So the mission revived and continued to flourish. Fr. Dekker revived the Sacred Heart School at the end of 1945. In a couple of years the schools and mission were back to a healthy growth. Fr. John Maher came in 1946 and taught for 5 years in Sacred Heart School.
Fr. James Buis was appointed Prefect for North Borneo (now Sabah) on 18 January 1947. Frs. John Dekker and William Wagenaar were appointed acting rectors during 1947-1950. During those years Fr. Clement Epping and Charles Reiterer arrived at Sibu to perform pastoral and educational work. 
Fr. Adrian de Vos became the new rector of Sibu Mission in January 1950. He also became the principal of Sacred Heart School which by this time had 600 students. In 1954 the Mill Hill Fathers realised they could not cope with their missionary work and the school as well, so they invited de La Salle Brothers to take over the running of Sacred Heart School. Brother Fridolin became the principal.
Fr. Dominic Su was ordained by Pope John Paul II as Bishop of Sibu on 6 January 1987 in St. Peter's Basilica, Rome. Sibu became a new diocese. Fr. David Bingham has worked hard for 14 years mostly in the Selangau area. Selangau mission has undergone a lot of development, not only in buildings but also the stations of the cross on the hill slope. Fr. William Bos served Sibu Mission in looking after the Than Catholics in town, along the Oya and Igan. He served the diocese as Vicar General from 1987. BEC was established in Sibu on 27 July 1987. They were divided into 5 zones. In 2008, Pope Benedict XVI appointed Fr. Joseph Hii to be the Auxiliary Bishop of Sibu. He was ordained in May 2008.
List of parishes.
There are 12 parishes administering 672 outstations around the diocese.

</doc>
<doc id="18725667" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18725667" title="Dundas Valley Conservation Area">
Dundas Valley Conservation Area

Dundas Valley Conservation Area is located on the Niagara Escarpment in Dundas, Ontario, a constituent community of Hamilton, Ontario, and is owned and operated by the Hamilton Conservation Authority. Its 40-kilometre trail system provides a connection to the Bruce Trail. The area contains a trailhead of the Hamilton-Brantford-Cambridge Trails, Canada's first fully developed interurban multi-use trail system, which is a part of the Trans Canada Trail.
Landform.
The origins of the Dundas Valley, the main feature of the area, date back to the pre-glacial times, when the Niagara Escarpment was deeply incised by erosion. The Wisconsin Glaciation furthered the erosion processes and resulted in deposition of glacial and glaciolacustrine sediments, forming the hummocky kame and kettle topography of the present.
Cultural heritage.
Sulphur Springs Hotel.
A sulphurous spring found in the area was the site of the Sulphur Springs Hotel built during the late 1880s. As sulphur was believed to possess wondrous curative powers, the hotel's mineral spa was a very popular summertime destination. The hotel closed down in 1910 after it was ravaged by two fires. The spring flows from a fountain first built in 1820 from cast iron. In 1850, it was replaced by a cement fountain. Having crumbled, it was restored in 1972.
The Hermitage.
A magnificent stone mansion was built in 1855 by George Gordon Browne Leith, an immigrant from Scotland. Construction materials were obtained locally. Bricks originated from the Dundas Valley clay; limestone was quarried at the Credit River valley. The Hermitage burned down in 1934. After that, Leith's daughter built a much smaller house among the ruins and lived there until her death in 1942. To prevent further deterioration, the ruins were stabilized using wooden braces.
Trail Centre.
A modern replica of a Victorian railway station serves as the area's Trail Centre. Adjacent to it is a remnant of the Toronto, Hamilton and Buffalo Railway track, with a 1929 executive coach car and a 1931 baggage car donated by the Canadian Pacific Railway. The track was converted into an interurban rail trail, having been abandoned in 1988.
The Giant Rib Discovery Centre is located in the Trail Centre. Open on weekends, the Centre features natural history displays and education programs about the Niagara Valley Escarpment.

</doc>
<doc id="18725671" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18725671" title="Makhta">
Makhta

Makhta may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18725674" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18725674" title="Fabian Brandner">
Fabian Brandner

Fabian Brandner is a fictional character on the German soap opera "Verbotene Liebe (Forbidden Love)". The character was portrayed by Shai Hoffmann from January 22, 2008 to August 14, 2008 and in guest appearances from January 12, 2009 to January 22, 2009.
Character's background.
Fabian is a young artist and his dream is it to learn at a design school in Tokyo. When his parents, Matthias (Thomas Ohrner) and Katja (Diana Frank), move to Düsseldorf, after Lydia (Theresa Underberg), Fabian's older sister found a job there, he believes that this only is a short stop for him and he hopes to write a good application so that his dream can come true. After his arrival he soon gets attention from Lisa (Lilli Hollunder), who begins to fall for him. But Fabian refuses the flirtation with her and wants to concentrate on his future. But Lisa make him believe that she wants just a little bit fun with him. They end up kissing and Lisa hopes that sooner or later will come more out of this. But then Fabian meets Judith Hagendorf (Katrin Heß) and shows interest for her as Judith as well for him. 
Lisa sees a really competition in Judith and tries to talk to Fabian out of her. When this doesn't work, Lisa becomes more a vixen and tells Judith that she was too late and Fabian would be already her boyfriend. Judith backed off, but soon later finds out that Lisa and Fabian aren't together. But Lisa doesn't give up yet and forces herself to Fabian, when she shows up completely naked in his room. The spend one night together. The next day, Lisa thinks that she finally has one Fabian for herself now, but he saw that only as a one-time thing and doesn't want to repeat that. Meanwhile, Judith finds out about Fabian's little adventure with Lisa and can't believe what kind of a guy Fabian might really be. In her eyes, Fabian should have seen that Lisa is more interested in him as just friends or a little affair. But Fabian refuses to know about Lisa's feelings for him. 
Lisa can't believe that her plan didn't work and puts up a lie, when she tells her grandfather Arno (Konrad Krauss) that Fabian seduced her. Arno is furious with Fabian and wants him to apologizes to Lisa. After the tension in the Brandner house, Fabian can prove to Judith that he doesn't want to be with Lisa, but with her. They eventually become a couple, which doesn't let Lisa to back off. She wants to destroy the new couple and sees an opportunity, when Fabian wants to send his application for the design school to Tokyo. He gives the important letter to his father, who leaves the application on the desk for a few minutes, where Lisa comes into the scene and destroys the papers. After her little skin, Matthias gives Judith the application to bring it into the mail box, as she promised before, what Lisa heard.
Later Fabian and Judith become a couple, but their happiness is short lived, when Fabian discovers that his mother had a one-night-stand with Sebastian von Lahnstein (Joscha Kiefer), the boyfriend of his sister Lydia. Judith knew about it and didn't tell Fabian. He can't forgive her and breaks up with her. Fabian also can't forgive Katja and leaves the country to live with his brother David Brandner (Sven Koller) in Australia.
On Katja's birthday in December 2008, he calls his mother and congratulates her. That will be the last conversation they both have. Short time after, Katja dies after she gave birth to her baby girl Christina. Fabian returns for her funeral in January, before he leaves again and returns to Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="18725676" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18725676" title="No Limit (Hardstyle Remix)">
No Limit (Hardstyle Remix)

"No Limit (Hardstyle Remix)" is a promo record by Dutch Eurodance band 2 Unlimited.
Release and reception.
No Limit (Hardstyle Remix) was only released in the UK through Hardstyle bootleg label Attitude Records. 
The remix was re-released by the label on a sampler featuring another bootleg remix. And then sold exclusively as a CD-R through Attitude's website, alongside another bootleg release made by the label in the same year. The remix of Twilight Zone is not a remix of 2 Unlimited's hit song of the same name, but was also remixed by D&G. 
Content.
This hardstyle remix was produced by Dj Darren Jones under his "D&G" guise. It is undisclosed whether rights to release this track were given to the label since the matter has not been chased up. It is still classed as a bootleg because of the unclean samples taken from the original extended mix of No Limit, and because the remix wasn't officially announced by the original label for 2 Unlimited as a 2006 remix.

</doc>
<doc id="18725678" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18725678" title="Agoseris apargioides">
Agoseris apargioides

Agoseris apargioides is a species in the Asteraceae or sunflower family, and is commonly called seaside agoseris or seaside false-dandelion. It is native to the west coast of the United States from Washington to California, where it grows primarily on coastal dunes. This is a low-growing, perennial herb with milky or orange sap, that may be stemless or with long, rhizome-like stems that are buried by drifting sand. The leaves form low rosettes on the ground. They are slender to broad, up to 15 centimeters long, and usually with 3-5 pairs of lobes along the margins (these sometimes lacking). The peduncle of the inflorescence can be as tall as 45 centimeters but is usually much shorter. The flower head is up to 2 centimeters wide, surrounded by glabrous to hairy phyllaries, and contains yellow ray florets (the outer ones often have a purple strip on the lower surface) but no disc florets. The fruit is an achene between 5-12 millimeters long; the lower part of the achene contains a single seed, while the upper portion of the achene forms a slender beak that possesses a terminal, white pappus.

</doc>
<doc id="18725688" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18725688" title="Aruch">
Aruch

Aruch (; until 1970, Talish) is a town in the Aragatsotn Province of Armenia. It is located on the southern part of Mount Aragats. The town dates back to the 6th century when it was the winter camp of the royal armies. It was later made to a permanent base by Grigor Mamikonian (661-682). The village is the location of the 7th century Armenian monastic complex Aruchavank. There are also remains of the Mamikonians' palace.

</doc>
<doc id="18725689" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18725689" title="Letters to Olga">
Letters to Olga

Letters to Olga ("Czech:Dopisy Olze") is a book of compiled letters written by Czech playwright, dissident, and future president, Václav Havel to his wife Olga Havlová during his nearly four-year imprisonment from May 1979 to March 1983. (Havel was released when he came down with a high fever and received a medical discharge). Havel was imprisoned by the communist regime of then Czechoslovakia for being one of the leaders of The Committee for the Defense of the Unjustly Prosecuted (VONS) - most of whom had been signatories of the human rights document Charter 77.
Author Salman Rushdie stated in a 1999 interview, that "Letters to Olga" was among a small handful of books that he carried with him everywhere he went during his years of hiding from possible execution.

</doc>
<doc id="18725710" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18725710" title="Dwayne Mitchell">
Dwayne Mitchell

Dwayne Mitchell (born August 24, 1982) is a 6'5" shooting guard formerly from the University of Louisiana at Lafayette.
Dwayne played with the Iowa Energy in the NBADL until August 1, 2008 when he was signed as a free agent by the Los Angeles Lakers, who on October 8, 2008 waived Mitchell, who later signed with the Los Angeles D-Fenders of the NBA Development League.
In June 2009 Mitchell signed with Hapoel Holon, Israeli Super league Champion in 2007-2008, for the 2009-10 season.He finished the season averaging 16.1 points and 3 assists per game.In the following summer Mitchell returned to Israel for a second season, this time with Maccabi Rishon LeZion. However this stint was cut short, as Mitchell was released from the team two games into the season.

</doc>
<doc id="18725712" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18725712" title="Port of Tilbury">
Port of Tilbury

The Port of Tilbury is located on the River Thames at Tilbury in Essex, England. It is the principal port for London; as well as being the main United Kingdom port for handling the importation of paper. There are extensive facilities for containers, grain, and other bulk cargoes. There are also facilities for the importation of cars. It forms part of the wider Port of London.
Geography.
The Port of Tilbury lies on the north shore of the River Thames, below London Bridge, at a point where the river makes a loop southwards, and where its width narrows to 800 yards. The loop is part of the Thames lower reaches: within the meander was a huge area of marshland. Gravesend on the opposite shore had long been a port of entry for shipping, all of which had used the river itself for loading and unloading of cargo and passengers. There was also a naval dockyard at Northfleet. The new deepwater docks were an extension of all that maritime activity.
Construction.
The original docks of London, all built close to the City, were opened in stages by what was to become the East and West India Docks Company (E&WIDC) at the beginning of the 19th century. With the coming of the railways and increasing ship size, location close to the centre of London became less important than access to deep water, unrestricted sites and reduction in time spent travelling up the winding Thames. The Company had long been in competition with their rival, the London and St Katherine Dock Company (L&StKDC), and had been doing all it could to dominate it. The opening of the Royal Albert Dock by the L&StKDC, with its deepwater quayage, in 1880 had given access to the Thames at Gallions Reach, by river below London Bridge and downstream of the then principal London docks. The E&WIDC were forced to retaliate.
In 1882, an Act of Parliament allowed the latter to construct the docks at Tilbury; work began a fortnight later, and the first vessel to enter the docks was on 17 April 1886. This was the "Glenfruin" carrying the official party for the opening ceremony The opening of the dock took place at the beginning of the steamship era, and its location soon proved to be the correct one.
The new docks.
The original docks consisted of a tidal basin on Gravesend Reach opposite Northfleet, connected by a lock to a main dock with three side branches named East, Central and West Branch docks. Between the tidal basin and Main Dock were two dry docks.
Docks expansion.
In 1909 Tilbury, along with the upstream docks, became part of the newly established Port of London Authority (PLA).
In 1921, and again in 1929, the PLA carried out major improvements. These included a new lock long and wide, linking the docks directly to the Thames to the west at Northfleet Hope, and a third dry dock, and .
During the 1960s, at the time when the upstream docks were closing, the PLA further extended the Tilbury dock facilities. Between 1963–1966
a huge fourth branch dock, running north from Main Dock for nearly a mile, was constructed. The tidal basin was closed and eventually filled in. In 1969 a £6m riverside grain terminal on Northfleet Hope (at the time the largest in Europe) was brought into use. By the early 1980s Tilbury was the last set of enclosed docks in operation by the PLA.
The first container service began in 1970, and Tilbury was soon to become the largest container port in the UK; in 1978 a deep water riverside berth was opened for large container ships on reclaimed land at Northfleet Hope.
Acquisition of Tilbury Container Terminal.
On 25 January 2012 Otter Ports Holdings Ltd, owner of Forth Ports, acquired from DP World Limited (“DP World") and Associated British Ports Ltd (“AB Ports") the 67% ownership of Tilbury Container Services Ltd (“TCS") not already owned by Forth Ports in a cash transaction.
Forth Ports had been a one third shareholder in TCS since 1998 along with partners DP World and AB Ports. TCS is located within the Port of Tilbury, which is wholly owned by Forth Ports.
The port today.
In 1992 the port was privatised and is part of the Forth Ports organisation, the PLA retaining the role of managing the tidal Thames.
Today the port handles a variety of bulk cargo, timber, cars and container traffic and remains, along with Southampton and Felixstowe, one of Britain's three major container ports. It is the main UK port for importing paper including newsprint.
The Port of Tilbury Police, among the oldest of such forces in the UK, are responsible for the security of the Port.
The port is also a base of operations of Thurrock Sea Cadets, who operate out of the HMS Iveston (a Coniston class minesweeper ).
London Cruise Terminal.
One of the shipping lines using the docks was the P&O. Tilbury became the only port in the PLA to serve cruise liners, when, in 1916, it opened berths specifically for the P&O within the dock complex. With the need for expanded facilities, a large new passenger landing stage was constructed in the Thames jointly by the PLA and the London Midland and Scottish Railway, with rail connections. It was opened in May 1930 by Ramsay MacDonald.
Tilbury operated as London's passenger liner terminal until the 1960s. For many people Tilbury was their point of emigration to Australia under an assisted passage scheme established and operated by the Australian Government. The 'Ten Pound Poms' as they were known in Australia, embarked on to ships such as RMS Mooltan and set off for a new life. Tilbury was also a port of entry for many immigrants; among them being a large group of West Indians on the Empire Windrush in 1948.
The passenger landing stage was reopened by the Port of Tilbury group as the London Cruise Terminal in 1995, though no longer served by the railway. Smaller cruise ships often dock or moor up-river in London. When tides or construction compromises their scheduled arrival, they may use this terminal instead.
People.
Near the Dockmaster's office, on New Lock, is a memorial to Captain Peter de Neumann, GM, who was killed there in an accident on 16 September 1972. Rolf Harris visited the Docks during a TV episode of "Rolf on Art", when he recreated J M W Turner's famous painting The Fighting Temeraire.
Tilbury Docks in film.
The port has been used as a location for several films.
The Docks stood in for Venetian waterways during the boat-chase scene in Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade; and scenes from Batman Begins were also filmed there, as was a scene in the 2004 Jude Law film Alfie. The Docks were also used in 1975 as the setting of John Wayne's smuggler-busting operation in "Brannigan".

</doc>
<doc id="18725715" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18725715" title="Cantemus">
Cantemus

Cantemus is a Lithuanian chamber choir. It was founded in 1986 in Vilnius, Lithuania. Its first concert was held that same year on December 31 at St. Casimir's Church. In a short time the choir became winner of many competitions and was awarded the title of an "Exemplary Choir".
The choir is conducted by its founder, Laurynas Vakaris Lopas. The repertoire of the choir consists of about 300 items by over 100 composers.
Since 1988 the choir has participated in various international competitions of choral music and won awards and prizes: Bela Bartok's (Hungary), Tours (France), Tolosa (Spain), Arezzo (Italy), Gorizia (Italy), Tallinn (Estonia).
Cantemus is an active participant in the Church Choir Festivals in Marijampolė and Šiauliai, the vocal jazz festival in Panevėžys, the festival of modern Jewish music, the concerts of the music of Jeronimas Kačinskas, and many other musical events in Lithuania.

</doc>
<doc id="18725730" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18725730" title="Velká Dobrá">
Velká Dobrá

Velká Dobrá is a village in the Central Bohemian Region (Středočeský kraj) of the Czech Republic.
Location.
The village is located in central Bohemia, 4 kilometres from Kladno, the local administrative capital. It is 409 metres above sea level. It is situated on the old route to Eger (part of the old Kingdom of Bohemia, known now in Czech as Cheb), and today is linked by road to Karlovy Vary (German: "Karlsbad"). The village once contained nine ponds, but today only one remains, on the village green.
Origin of village name.
Until 1935, the village was regarded as two separate settlements, Mala Dobrá and Velká Dobrá; these had earlier been called Horejsi and Dolejsi Dobra. During the Protectorate of Bohemia and Moravia (1939–1945) the village was called "Groß Dobray". In English, "velká" means "large" or "great" and "dobrá" means "good"; the name of the village refers to "good water" or "fertile land".
Demographics.
As of 2008, the population of Velká Dobrá is 1033.
History.
There is evidence of human inhabitation in the region of Velká Dobrá since prehistory. A late 19th century archaeological investigation led by Josef Szombathy discovered a large middle Bronze Age (ca.1200 BCE) grave site near the village in the forest of Hora. A monument constructed over 50 years stood over the largest grave mound. Around sixty graves were investigated, yielding bronze weapons, tools and utensils, several of which were sent for display at museums in Prague and Vienna.
The first written records of Dobrá date from 1328, when two strongholds existed in the area, the lower at the site of the modern school on J.A. Komensky Square and the upper stronghold (still standing in 2008) at the junction of the Kladno and Karlovy Vary roads. During the Hussite Wars the settlement, located on an important trade route through Bohemia, was badly damaged. In 1548 Malá Dobrá had 8 settlers and Velká Dobrá nine.
The village sustained extensive damage during the Thirty Years' War (1618–1648). Protestant troops under Fridrich Falcký marched through Dobrá from Rakovnik on August 26, 1619, and looted the village. During the war many residents were slaughtered, died of epidemic disease, or fled into the forests. In 1662, reports stated that six out of 14 farms at the settlement were still empty, and the lower village stronghold of Zdarsti ze Zdaru, used for accommodation during the 16th century, had been turned into farm land. In 1688, though, the former upper defensive stronghold was converted into a granary, suggesting a recovering population. This building is still standing in 2008.
Around 1753 the village erected a statue to Jan Nepomucky, followed by a church in 1765. The church was remodelled to its current form in 1816 and dedicated by Antonin Hertzok z Adlersbergu, dean of Smečno, on October 12, 1817.
Until the mid-19th century the Kladno region was largely agricultural, and most Velká Dobrá residents were farmers. In 1843 Malá Dobrá's population numbered 326 persons in 42 households, with another 291 persons in 36 households (average eight residents per household) at Velká Dobrá. New employment opportunities emerged when the first black coal mines were opened in the Kladno region, and expanded when Adalbert Works, a steelworks and predecessor of the modern company Poldi, opened at Kladno. The population rose by 115 between 1843 and 1857, and reached a total of 748 across Malá and Velká Dobrá in 1870, despite a cholera outbreak that killed 30 in 1866, following the stationing of Prussian troops at the village during the Austro-Prussian War.
In 1929 the Unhošť administrative district was abolished and Malá and Velká Dobrá became part of Kladno district.
Notable inhabitants.
Václav Nosek, a founder of the Czechoslovak Communist Party and StB (communist secret police) and Minister of the Interior during the communist putsch in February 1948, was born at 161 Carlsbad Street.

</doc>
<doc id="18725735" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18725735" title="Randy Hill">
Randy Hill

Randal W. Hill (born September 26, 1967 in Dallas, TX) is a West Texas entrepreneur, business leader and current president of Advanced Trailer and Equipment, L.P. Randy Hill gained his reputation as entrepreneur after spearheading the use of semi trailers that had been converted to transport, as well as dry agricultural products. Winner of the Texas Businessman of the award, he also ownes a NASCAR racing team.
Early life.
Hill was born in Dallas, TX and raised in the Dallas areas of Oak Cliff and Garland. He graduated from Dallas Christian High School in 1986 and enrolled in Abilene Christian University. While attending ACU, he played on the football team as a defensive tackle. Upon graduation with a degree in Journalism/Mass Communication, Randy moved back to the Dallas area and married Chellee, a fellow ACU graduate.
Career.
Hill learned the inner workings of the semi trailer trade as a sales representative for Transport International Pool, a subsidiary of GE Capital. The company leased and sold trailers that were marketed exclusively as a mode of transport. In 1995, Hill left TIP to start Advanced Trailer.
In the mid-1990s, retailers began seeking large storage spaces for seasonal increases in inventories. Knowing that GE Capital and Trans America retired trailers after their use as transport, Hill began purchasing the retired trailers and converting them to storage trailers. Advanced Trailer was also amongst the first to convert ocean containers from steam ship lines for public use as storage facilities. The ability to recognize potential in what other industries regarded as cast offs allowed Hill to bring a break through concept to practical application.
In 1996, researchers at Texas Tech University in Lubbock developed a more efficient method of transporting and drying peanuts. For generations, the important process of drying peanuts after harvest was done in small steel wagons called "buggies" that were often pulled by farm trucks. The idea of using semi trailers expanded after Advanced Trailer sold the first trailers for modification to farmers in West Texas. Advanced Trailer filled orders from West Texas to the Southeastern United States, eventually opening a facility in Vienna, GA. Since designing the drying trailer, Advanced Trailer has filled orders in eleven states and four countries.
Hill has continued to develop possibilities beyond current usage of the trailers. In addition to peanuts, the trailers have been used to dry grass seed, hay, almonds, and macadamia nuts. His most recent work has been with heavy haul transportation and large equipment trailers used in oil and gas exploration, wind energy, and military use. Hill's current patents include provisions for drying key products in the development of biofuel; biomass energy generation in western Texas is an issue Hill is attempting to spearhead.
Personal life.
Randy and Chellee Hill have three daughters and live in Baird, TX. Randy has a lifelong interest in ranching and enjoys hunting and fishing in West Texas in his spare time. He is a member of the ACU Letterman's Association and the Abilene Chamber of Commerce.
Randy enjoys numerous philanthropic efforts, including significant participation in community projects at Abilene Christian University and Dallas Christian School.
Hill also started Randy Hill Racing, a racing team competing in the ARCA Racing Series and NASCAR Nationwide Series, in 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="18725747" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18725747" title="Roman Catholic Diocese of Islamabad-Rawalpindi">
Roman Catholic Diocese of Islamabad-Rawalpindi

The Roman Catholic Diocese of Islamabad-Rawalpindi (Lat: "Dioecesis Islamabadensis-Ravalpindensis") is a diocese of the Latin Rite of the Roman Catholic Church in Pakistan.
The diocese has a long history, as it was originally erected in 1887, as the Apostolic Prefecture of Kafiristan and Kashmir. The prefecture was erected from the Diocese of Lahore.
In 1947, the Apostolic prefecture was elevated to a full diocese, and renamed the diocese of Rawalpindi.
In 1952, Kashmir was lost to the diocese, and a new diocese created from territory in Rawalpindi and Lahore to create the Apostolic Prefecture of Kashmir and Jammu.
In 1979, the name was changed to the Diocese of Islamabad-Rawalpindi. The diocese is a suffragan of the Archdiocese of Lahore. It comprises the Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa Province, the Federally Administrated Tribal Areas, Azad Kashmir and the Northern Areas, Gujrat District of Gujranwala Division, the Rawalpindi Division, the Sargodha Division. At the time there were only 16 priests to minister to the Catholics in the diocese.
The principal church of the diocese is the St. Joseph's Cathedral, Rawalpindi.
The Diocese has a population of about 35 million, including 250,000 Catholics many of whom are committed to education (through its more than 70 schools like the Catholic Public High School in Sangota, in the Swat Valley), training institutes and hospitals.
In 1996 the Diocese opened Our Lady of Lourdes Minor Seminary which is its preparatory seminary.
In 2009, 31 priests served a declining population of 180,000 Catholics. The third largest Catholic diocese of Pakistan is divided into 19 parishes.
The former vicar general of Faisalabad diocese, Father Rufin Anthony, was appointed Coadjutor Bishop to Bishop Anthony Theodore Lobo of the Diocese of Islamabad-Rawalpindi by Pope Benedict XVI on August 4, 2009. He succeeded Bishop Lobo as Bishop of Islamabad-Rawalpindi upon the acceptance by Benedict of Lobo's resignation on Thursday, February 18, 2010.
In August 2010 the heaviest rains in 80 years caused the worst flooding the country has ever seen, affecting much of the Diocese. Catholic Relief Services, Pakistan had to evacuate staff quarters in the Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa region due to the flooding in the province. A team of Caritas Pakistan also travelled to Peshawar to assess the situation and follow up with relief aid. The Sisters of the Daughters of St. Paul congregation also distributed religious as well as food items in Nowshera, one of the 10 districts in Pakistan most severely affected by the floods.
Communal violence.
St. Thomas’ Church, Wah Cantt was attacked by a group of armed men on 28 March 2011 which resulted in damages. It is believed that the incident was related to the recent episode of the burning of the Quran by Pastor Terry Jones in the U.S.

</doc>
<doc id="18725750" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18725750" title="Melbourne Steam Traction Engine Club">
Melbourne Steam Traction Engine Club

The protection, preservation, conservation and restoration of industrial heritage and related machinery is often overlooked in social histories. As the importance of the industrial heritage of Victoria and Australia has become more prominent, the Melbourne Steam Traction Engine Club (MSTEC) was established by volunteers to enable like-minded volunteers to preserve this part of our history. The Melbourne Steam Traction Engine Club was established in Melbourne over 45 years ago and is located at 1200 Ferntree Gully Rd Scoresby, Victoria, Australia. On site there is an extensive collection of Mobile Steam, Stationary Steam Engines, Stationary IC Engines, Diesel engines, Diesel Generator sets, Tractors and other mobile machinery.
History.
Formed in 1963 the MSTEC has been at its present 6½ hectare site in Scoresby, Victoria since 1986 when the land was leased from the Beamish Heavy Haulage at Wantirna. The site was originally a depot used for the tunnelling of the main trunk sewer and was a desolate waste land when the club took it over. Since occupation, the site as been developed with landscaping, tree planting, installation of the rail track, construction of the 9 sheds and toilet block and a man made lake.
National Steam Centre display.
The engines on display at the National Steam Centre represent many years of collection and restoration efforts by the members. In addition to the engines owned by the club, a number of members' privately owned engines are kept at the centre. A particular effort has gone in to ensure Australian steam and industrial heritage is preserved for Australians, in Australia, rather than allowing local heritage to be shipped overseas.
Run days.
Many of the engines on display are operated on the last Sunday of each month. This unique opportunity allows visitors to see many of the steam and diesel stationary engines running, including several steam Traction engines, steam rollers and tractors operating in the central arena. Rides aboard the miniature steam railway are a highlight! 
Annual rally.
The club's annual rally, known as the Scoresby Steamfest is held on the long week end in March each year when many of the beautifully restored MSTEC engines are exhibited and operated. Particular emphasis is placed on exhibiting engines as they were intended to be used, driving industrial or agricultural implements for example. Exhibits from many other associated clubs and historic machinery associations are also displayed and operated, as well as that from private collectors and enthusiasts. More recently, exhibits at the Scoresby Steamfest have grown to encompass many other hobbies and collections, including model and experimantal engineering and crafting, collections of antique engineering artifacts and tools, oil lamps, mechanical music, and other items from bygone eras.
Railway.
The miniature railway operates every Sunday, weather permitting, from 11 am to 4 pm, except for the Christmas - New Year period. The track runs for about 1 km around the perimeter of the site. On the trip you pass the lake complete with numerous ducks and other water birds, you see the cattle grazing on the nearby farmland and you view some of the museum machinery around the track.
The line is only set up to run a single train at any one time. On the last Sunday of the month the train is pulled by a 4-4-2 steam locomotive. On other Sundays the diesel outline engine is used.
The grounds have shady trees, picnic tables and wood-fired barbecues for a picnic outing. There is no charge for admission to the grounds except for some special events like the annual rally.

</doc>
<doc id="18725837" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18725837" title="Nancy Sweezy">
Nancy Sweezy

Nancy Sweezy (October 14, 1921 – February 6, 2010) was an American artist, author, folklorist, advocate, scholar, and preservationist. Known initially for her work as a potter in the 1950s, Sweezy became a scholar of the history and creation of pottery and wrote several authoritative texts and books on U.S. and international folk pottery. She was a major figure in the establishment of markets for folk and traditional crafts. Other major accomplishments in her extensive career included the founding of the crafts organization Country Roads, the revival of North Carolina's historic Jugtown Pottery, and the creation of the Refugee Arts Group in Massachusetts for immigrant folk artists. Her advocacy work also included developing apprenticeship programs. She also was involved with Club 47, a famous performing scene in the American folk music revival. In 2006, she was awarded the Bess Lomax Hawes Award and a National Heritage Fellowship Award by the National Endowment for the Arts. She was the author of two books, "Raised in Clay" and "Armenian Folk Arts, Culture and Identity".
She was married to the economist Paul Sweezy, whom she divorced in 1960. She died in Cambridge, Massachusetts on February 6, 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="18725843" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18725843" title="Priests' Communion League">
Priests' Communion League

The Priests' Communion League is an association of Roman Catholic priests established at Rome on 20 July 1906. Its object is to spread the practice of frequent and daily Communion among the Catholic faithful in conformity with the Decree "Sacra Tridentina Synodus" of 20 December 1905.
It was raised by Pope Pius X to the dignity of an archconfraternity, and was placed in the charge of the Fathers of the Blessed Sacrament.
The conditions for joining the league were: 

</doc>
<doc id="18725850" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18725850" title="David Brandner">
David Brandner

David Brandner is a fictional character on the German soap opera "Verbotene Liebe (Forbidden Love)" portrayed by actor Sven Koller from September 11, 2008 to June 15, 2010.
Storyline.
David lived in Australia and worked there as a surf teacher. He comes to Düsseldorf, when he hears about the breakup of their parents, that his mother Katja (Diana Frank) had a one-night-stand with Lydia's boyfriend and is currently expecting a baby. He reunites with his mother and is the only one from his family, who wants to have contact with her. But the reunion with his mother, David also meets Sebastian von Lahnstein (Joscha Kiefer), the potential father of his mother's child, for the first time.
But the first one he meets in town is Judith Hagendorf (Katrin Heß), who works for his father Matthias (Thomas Ohrner) at the construction company 'Brandner Bau'. Judith first thinks that David is a Swedish man, who wants to know more about their current project. She is shocked, when she soon later finds out that David is Matthias' son and the brother of her ex-boyfriend Fabian (Shai Hoffmann). In spite of that, Judith begins to fall for him, but David isn't the type for a serious relationship, according to his sister Lydia (Theresa Underberg), who is worried that Judith might get hurt. Judith wants to be near him anyway, but when they actually have some kind of a date, David is asked by Olivia Schneider (Kristina Dörfer) to take a model job. Because he needs the money, David takes Olivia's offer and promises Judith to hang out with her another time. Later, at the photo shooting, David isn't needed anymore and wants to chill some time by the pool, when he discovers Tanja von Lahnstein (Miriam Lahnstein), who he becomes totally fascinate over her. The two have a little chat, before David tries to flirt with her. Tanja takes him on that and he soon lands in the pool, after Tanja pushed him. After that David is sure about one thing: Tanja is a hell of a woman.

</doc>
<doc id="18725852" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18725852" title="Roman Catholic Diocese of Multan">
Roman Catholic Diocese of Multan

The Roman Catholic Diocese of Multan (Lat: "Dioecesis Multanensis") is a diocese of the Latin Rite of the Roman Catholic Church in Pakistan. 
The diocese is located in the southern Punjab in a central part of Pakistan. The total population of the diocese is about 7.5 million, out of which Christians are about 200,000. The diocese of Multan covers an area of 100,705 km2 and comprises the following civil boundaries. The whole of Multan Division and district of Multan, Vihari and hanewal. In the Bahawalpur Division, the district of Bahawalnagar, Lodhran and Rahim Yar Khan. In the Dera Ghazi Khan Division the districts of Dera Ghazi Khan, Muzaffargarh, Layyah and Rajanpur.
In 1936 some adjacent districts of Multan and the State of Bahawalpur were detached from Lahore to form the prefecture Apostolic of Multan. In 1939 this area was detached from Lahore to become a separate diocese. In 1960 the diocese was divided and Bishop Cialeo moved to Faislabad as the first bishop of the newly erected diocese of Faisalabad. Bishop Louis Scheerer was appointed the second bishop of Multan. In 1966 Bishop Louis Scheerer died and Bertrand Boland became the Bishop of Multan diocese. In 1984 Bishop Boland retired and handed over to his auxiliary Bishop Patras Yusaf. The diocese is a suffragan of the Archdiocese of Lahore.
The Cathedral of the Holy Redeemer is the main church of the Diocese.
The diocese is also home to the Pastoral Institute of Multan which serves the Church at a national level.
On 3 October 1989, Pope John Paul II sent congratulations on the 50th anniversary of the diocese. The diocese had 10 parishes with about 50,000 Catholics at the time. By June 2008 this had grown to 18 parishes.
On September 17, 1998, Pope John Paul II appointed Father Raymond Saeed apostolic administrator for the Diocese.
On January 10, 2000, Pope John Paul II proclaimed Fr. Andrew Francis from the Archdiocese of Lahore as the new bishop.
On October 29, 2001 four gunmen entered St. Dominic’s Church, Bahawalpur in the Diocese and shot and killed 15 worshippers and a police guard.
On 29 April 2010 Pope Benedict XVI elevated the Apostolic Prefecture of Quetta to the rank of apostolic vicariate. He appointed Fr. Victor Gnanapragasam as apostolic vicar of the new ecclesiastical circumscription and the titular bishop of Timida. Fr. Victor was parish priest at Khanewal in the Multan Diocese from 1979-1985.
Schools.
St Albans High School, Multan
La Salle Higher Secondary School
St Mary's Higher Secondary School
Sacred Heart Girls High School
Dominican Convent Bahawalpur
Dominican Study Center Bahawalpur
St. Joseph’s High School 
Saeed Colony Multan
St. Joseph’s High School 
Bishop’s House Multan
St. Anthony’s High School Louis Colony Multan
St. Peter’s Primary School Gulzeb Colony Vehari Road, Multan
St. Joseph’s High School Civil Lines, Khanewal
St. Vincent’s High School Chak 133/16-L Distt. Khanewal
St. John Primary School Chak # 120/T.D.A. Distt. Layyah
Dar-ul-Tarbiat (Ibn-e-Mariam) High School Chak # 270/T.D.A. Loretto, Distt. Layyah
St. Joseph’s High School Chak # 75/B Tehsil Karore Distt. Layyah
Mission High School Chak # 270/T.D.A. Loretto Distt. Layyah
Holy Cross High School Church Road, Rahimyar Khan
St. Dominic High School Model Town-A Bahawalpur
St. Joseph’s High School, Yousaf Town, Bahawalpur
St. Joseph’s Convent High School Chak 133/16-L Distt. Khanewal
St. Raphael’s Primary School Christian Colony, Muzaffargarh
St. Jude’s High School Chak # 5/4-L Rungpur Distt. Muzaffargarh
St. Joseph’s Middle School Chak # 11/W.B. Catholic Church Vehari
St. Michael’s English Medium High School (Regd) # 571/T.D.A Chowk Munda, Derekabad
St. Mary’s Middle School Chak # 587/T.D.A Derekabad
Good Shepherd Convent School, Naqasband Colony Rasheedabad, Multan
Dominican’s Primary School, Razabad Colony, Multan

</doc>
