<doc id="18594937" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18594937" title="Historiography of the Volyn tragedy">
Historiography of the Volyn tragedy

This article presents the historiography of the Volyn tragedy as presented by historians in Poland and Ukraine after World War II. The Massacres of Poles in Volhynia were part of the ethnic cleansing operation in the Polish province of Eastern Galicia and Volhynia (now in western Ukraine) that took place beginning in March 1943 and lasted until the end of 1944. According to political scientist Nathaniel Copsey, research into this event is quite partisan (with some exceptions) and dominated by Polish researchers, some of whom lived there at the time or are descended from those who did. The most thorough is the work of Ewa and Władysław Siemaszko, the result of years of research conducted with the goal of demonstrating that the Poles were victims of genocide. Nonetheless, the 45 years of state censorship resulted in an excessive supply of works described as "heavy in narrative", "light in analysis" and "inherently - though perhaps unconsciously - biased against Ukrainians."
Polish historiography.
Communist Poland.
The Polish historiography of the Volyn tragedy during the dictatorship of the communist party can be broken down into 3 periods: 
In the early People's Republic of Poland, the question of the Polish-Ukrainian conflict was never a subject of independent studies. Ukrainian historian Roman Hrytskiv believes that Polish Communists avoided this subject as it could raise questions regarding the Polish population in Western Ukraine. 
Paweł Machcewicz from the Polish Institute of National Remembrance suggests two reasons why, up until the collapse of communism, censorship blocked the subject of the massacres of Poles in Volhynia and Eastern Galicia perpetrated by the OUN-UPA: 
As the subject matter of the anti-Polish action in Volhynia and Eastern Galica was prohibited, in Polish popular remembrance of the Ukrainian Insurgent Army (UPA), the site of the mass killings was transferred to Bieszczady and Eastern Lubelszczyzna; and thus communists were able to portray Operation Vistula as the only effective way of liquidating the UPA network. The theme of UPA "terrorism" was occasionally brought up in order to affirm the actions of the "people's government". According to Hrytskiv, Polish studies branded all Ukrainian nationalist organizations as anti-Polish, criminal and collaborationist. 
New studies were initiated in the early 1970s based on factual information. Under the influence of the Soviet historiography, Polish historians continued to expound the mistaken Soviet concept of Ukrainian bourgeoise nationalists, viewed in their own specific manner. This category includes the works of Ryszard Torzecki, who explained the reason for the conflict as Hitlerite politics based on the tenet of divide and conquer, the chauvinism of Ukrainian nationalists, and Ukrainian-Polish disagreements in the interbellum, which were used by the Nazis in their interests. Similar concepts were formulated by A. Szczesiak and W. Szota in a publication that was soon removed form sale and libraries. Officially the book was dedicated to the activities of the Ukrainian nationalists in the interbellum but it also explained that the conflict had its origins in the late 19th century, and that the Volyn tragedy was a continuation of the terror campaigns of 1918-1939. This work investigated in detail the Ukrainian-Polish negotiations from 1942-45 to stop the conflict and to unite to fight a common foe - the USSR. This study brought about a re-evaluation of the UPA within the USSR itself.
The next significant study was published in the mid-1980s by Edward Prus - "Heroes under the sign of the Trident" (1985), which employed a journalistic and propagandistic style. Prus was the first to introduce the terms and concepts such as the Ukrainian "slaughter" of Poles. He compares the anti-Polish actions in Volyn and Galicia without the use of academic citations. According to Hryckiw, Prus's work has no scientific merit. In his opinion, the use of a journalistic style, falsification, and manipulation reflect the state of Polish historiography in the last years of the communist Poland. 
Independent Poland.
1989 marked the end of the Polish totalitarian state and a new era in Polish historiography. In the light of Polish independence the subject of Ukrainian-Polish relations became a growing concern. The first study to be published was Tadeusz Olszański's 1989 article article which shattered previous understandings of the OUN. He ascribes the reason for the Volyn tragedy to the inadequate policies of the Polish government in the interbellum and the destruction of moral society during the Soviet and German occupations. Olszański notes that in pre-war Poland, a Ukrainian nationalist movement could develop relatively freely even in the most radical forms, including the use of terror, and that the Polish state wasn't able to solve the problems concerning coexistence of Poles and Ukrainians, which resulted in popularization of nationalist and communist movements among the Ukrainians.
Olszański introduces the term "de-polonisation". Olszański suggests that the OUN expected a return to the situation as it was from 1918, when Poles and Ukrainians fought over disputed territories, and that the Ukrainian leadership wanted an absence of Polish population and Polish military activity. "De-polonization" action started in March 1943. Contrary to what Ukrainian emigree authors claim, the fact of Ukrainian initiative and the unprovoked character of the action is confirmed by the German documents. In the article from 1991, he divides "Volhynian terror" into the following stages: 
Olszański underlines the influence of numerous provocations by the NKVD and Soviet partisans in the occupied zones in directing conflict against the UPA. Retaliatory actions by Polish forces and the negative view of the Polish underground to Ukrainian independence were also factors. In the second period Olszański states that the Polish underground and the communists initiated a number of anti-Ukrainian terrorist actions. Ukrainian responses were restrained as at this time negotiations were being undertaken for a united Ukrainian-Polish front against Moscow. This was the first step to an understanding with the Poles, which in 1945 was affirmed by the tactical understanding between the UIA and AK. In the words of Olszawski, this was the end of conflict between these national movements, who would now wage a joint battle against the communist regime in Poland. 
The UPA was unable to conduct the action alone. It mobilized Ukrainian peasants on a large scale, who were later given Polish properties. Vast numbers of peasants participating in anti-Polish attacks, together with UPA units or individually, were also motivated by numerous Banderist agitators and by communist agents from the north of Volhynia. Olszański sees the role of Soviets in the events as insufficiently explained. He points that field organizations of the OUN were penetrated by communist agents and in some instances Soviet units disguised as UPA murdered Poles to gain support of local Polish population.
According to Olszański, the responsibility for the terror lies mostly on the OUN-B leadership, which decided to perform the large-scale anti-Polish action. 
Olszański expressed view that the goal of the action was to expel Poles and not to exterminate them. Ten years later, in the post script to his previous article, he admitted that he was wrong: "More and more documents prove not only that the de-polonization action was a planned military operation and that the order from OUN-UPA leadership existed (though still not found), but also that the purpose of this operation was physical extermination (murder) of at least most of the Polish population of these lands, and not only - as I erroneously believed - expulsion. Thus it was the crime of genocide." 
Zbigniew Kowalewski's study (1993) stated that the role of the auxiliary police and its collaboration with Soviet Polish diversionist-partisan groups provoked the Ukrainians to use force. These actions were not just those of the OUN and UPA, but also Soviet partisans, auxiliary police and other independent groups. Kowalewski introduces the thesis that the reason why OUN changed its strategy regarding the Poles in 1944-45 was in order to form a unified Polish-Ukrainian front against the USSR. This would explain the waves of OUN propaganda that were spread in the Polish population regarding the formation of a unified front and the cessation of retributive actions. The Ukrainian and some sections of the Polish population understood that without an independent Poland there could not be an independent Ukraine. 
The destruction of the totalitarian system in Poland allowed another direction in Polish historical studies fuelled by the previous studies published under the Communist regime. One of the first such studies was undertaken by J. Turowski and Władysław Siemaszko in 1990, based on 350 eyewitness accounts from veterans of the Polish Home army regarding the anti-Polish terror in Volyn. Subsequently, Władysław with daughter Ewa Siemaszko – in their own ten-year long research project – went on to document murders committed on Polish citizens by Ukrainian Insurgents in some 1,865 villages and towns of Volhynia during the Nazi and Soviet occupations. Their books were based on witness accounts, court documents including transcripts from trials of Ukrainian war criminals, as well as the Polish national archives and statistical censuses. In 2010 the Institute of National Remembrance (Bulletin No. 7–8, 116–117) published an overview by Ewa Siemaszko of their joint research with the following up-to-date table of collected data. 
The fall of the Communist system in Poland gave fuel to two directions in Polish historiography regarding the Ukrainian-Polish conflicts: liberal-democrаtic and nationalistic. The first group has focused on the reasons for the inter-ethnic conflict in Western Ukraine. This group is subscribed to by most professional historians. The second group focuses on the problems of anti-Polish terror by the UPA. This movement is supported by former inhabitants of Volyn and Galicia and members of the various Kresy societies.
Тhe Polish emigre centre in London at this time began to actively support a nationalist view on the Volyn tragedy. In 1992, a magazine called "Na rubieży" began publishing studies by W. Siemaszko, E. Prus and Wiktor Poliszczuk. Attempts were made to document the Polish victims of Ukrainian nationalists, with the inclusion of unverified or even falsified information. Numerous memoirs were published, dominated by the works of E. Prus. Many of these publications were printed by the newly established Nortom publishing house in Wrocław. 
The liberal-democratic movement is represented by the works of Ryszard Torzecki which reviewed the thesis put forward during the communist administration and developed a framework for further scholarship. Torzecki argues that the territorial integrity of Volyn lay in the Polish population. From this point of view the author examines anti-Polish actions, the spontaneous actions of the peasants, and the influence of OUN propaganda on their fight for social justice. Describing concrete incidence of terror in Volyn, he states that the pivotal moment for the development of bloodshed came with the transfer of armed Ukrainian police into the forests. This act raised the number of OUN-B dependent groups with people who had experience in the ethnic cleansing of Jews. Secondly it initiated a mass movement of Poles into the ranks of the auxiliary police, which further escalated the situation. The author postulates that anti-Polish terror may have been planned, it had as its main purpose to chase out the Poles. Torzecki states that the raid by Sydir Kovpak introduced a significant destabilizing factor to the region and initiated the formation of Ukrainian National Defence - the group which first initiated the anti-Polish actions. The discussions between the Polish and Ukrainian sides were doomed to failure because they were based on tactical considerations. 
Although Torzecki states that in 1943-44 the attempts to curtail the conflict between Ukrainian and Polish nationalism were doomed to failure, in his opinion it was OUN-UPA that could have stopped the conflict and did not. He lays blame personally on Roman Shukhevych, who was accustomed to dealing with problems from a position of force, and would consider using terror on the civilian population. 
In his 1997 study, Filar came to the conclusion that the sole result of the actions of OUN and UPA were to destroy the Polish population. This he bases on a command given by Klym Savur regarding the liquidation of the urban Polish population. Information about this command was obtained from a criminal deposition of Yuri Stelmashchuk which existed in the archive of the SBU in Volyn. The command was a secret one given orally by D. Kliachkivsky to liquidate all Polish elements in the region. Filar comes to the conclusion that UPA consciously aimed their actions against the civilian Polish population. He also concludes that the UPA made its priority the extermination of Polish elements rather than fighting the occupiers.
Filar's arguments were aimed at providing credible reasons for the undertaking of Operation Vistula by the Polish Communist government.
Filar's thesis was criticized as being tantamount to rehabilitating the acts of the communist administration and as being politically incorrect by Grzegorz Motyka and Rafał Wnuk. The authors put forward the thesis that in order not to have a repetition of the acts following 1918, the leaders of the UPA proclaimed to the Polish population that they were to leave Ukrainian territories by July 1943; and in order to speed up this exodus a "planned restricted terror" was launched. However, due to certain conditions (in particular the Soviet aligned partisans) the situation in Volyn went out of control. Mass murders began on July 11, 1943 when in 167 population centres simultaneous actions were launched. This created a panic in the Polish population. Rather than the expected results of population migration many Poles joined partisan groups or the auxiliary police and organised defense leagues. As a result the actions of the OUN and UPA provoked the Poles to "bloody counter actions". 
G. Motyka and R. Wnuk point out that at the end of World War II there was a real potential for Polish-Ukrainian dialogue and understanding. As a result the two anti-communist forces UPA and WiN signed tactical agreements regarding further cooperation. A new era in Polish-Ukrainian relations for the struggle for freedom meant that former conflicts lost their principle meaning.
In a further study in 1999 Motyka states that the conflict between the Ukrainian and Polish peoples ended in 1945. After that UPA fought against the Communist government in Poland and not against the Polish population, as opposed to the Poles, who continued their terror against the Ukrainian population and the Polish communists who under the guise of fighting the Ukrainian nationalist underground deported the Ukrainian population in 1947. Motyka states that the anti-Polish terror in the Fall of 1943 and the conflict in the Lublin area in January–March 1944 were a result of the "Vilyn massacre" and attempts by the Poles to make a Polish corridor to Lviv in their "Storm" (Burza) operation.
After the marking of the "Wisla" action the thesis of a planned "Volyn terror" became mainstream in Polish historiography. Attempts were made to blame OUN and UPA for crimes against the civilian population. More eyewitness accounts were collected and published in 2000 (edited by W. and E. Siemaszkos) in the collection "Genocide, done by Ukrainian nationalists against the Polish population of Volyn 1939-1945".
Using a solid documentary base, the authors attempt to convince the reader of the genocidal character of the anti-Polish actions of the UPA. The first volume gives a chronological and geographical listing of 1686 witnesses, archival information, and other facts. The second volume gives the authors' interpretation of these events, a summation of Polish casualties, names of the perpetrators, and other documents.
The authors put their academism aside when they included numerous unsupported statements such as that the anti-Polish terror was part of a wider plan, apparently devised at the III conference of the OUN. Despite numerous criticisms, until recently the work has been the most thorough study in the Polish-Ukrainian conflict of this period.
With the 60th anniversary of the Volyn tragedy in 2003, a third era in the study of Ukrainian-Polish conflict started.
In 2002 Grzegorz Motyka, finding all the previous concepts regarding the anti-Polish actions of the UPA inadequate, suggested viewing the Ukrainian-Polish relations from the point of view of the question of Ukrainian insurrection during the war. Encouraged by the mass desertion of the Ukrainian police, Dmytro Kliachkivsky initiated a wave of UPA attacks against the Nazi and the Soviet partisan forces in February 1943, despite the contrary decisions of the III Conference of the OUN. In order to '"optimize conditions'", "unwanted elements" which allegedly collaborated with the Germans and the Soviets were "removed". According to Motyka, Klym Savur gave the liquidation order on July 11. The initial attacks were directed against the Polish underground. In February 1944, because of the collaboration of the Poles with the Soviets, the decision was made to resettle the Polish population back to within its ethnic borders. In cases where this did not happen the Ukrainians were to liquidate all males (Motyka notes that in all the commands it is noted that women, children and the elderly were to be left untouched) and burn property. By Autumn 1944 anti-Polish actions stopped and terror was used only against those who co-operated with the NKVD, and the Ukrainians leaders had understood that it was time to unite with the Poles against the USSR. Polish actions against the Ukrainian civilian population were restricted and punitive in their nature according to Motyka. They were done by the Polish auxiliary police, the self-defense leagues, the AK, and by Red partisan units formed from ethnic Poles. In his latest studies, Motyka attempts to synthesize the main concepts of both current directions in Polish historiography, analyzing and understanding the problem of anti-Polish terror in Volyn, the reasons and the results, in order to induce the Ukrainians to officially condemn the activities of the OUN and UPA.
According to Roman Hrytskiv a characteristic of Polish historiography is the national component in its understanding of the problem. This is evident by the treatment of the Ukrainian-Polish conflict as an episode of purely Polish history; focusing attention to the anti-Polish terror of the UPA and demanding that the Ukrainians condemn these actions. The treatment of the anti-Ukrainian actions of the Polish underground is relegated to a secondary position, and the moral and emotional style of exposition of materials, the inclusion of materials whose authenticity is questionable (memoirs, eye witness accounts, works of literature etc.). At the same time, it is in Poland that the professional study of Ukrainian-Polish conflict was started. Polish historians were the first to thoroughly study and analyse the facts of this conflict, developed a periodization, collected a significant number of Polish historic sources and developed a number of alternative methods of studying the problem.
Ukrainian historiography.
The issue of the Volyn massacres was largely non-existent in Ukrainian scholarly literature for many years, and until very recently, Ukrainian historiography did not undertake any objective research of the events in Volyn. Until 1991 any independent Ukrainian historic research was only possible abroad, mainly in the USA and the Canadian diaspora. Despite publishing a number of works devoted to the history of UPA, the Ukrainian emigration researchers (with only few exceptions) remained completely mute about the Volyn events for many years. Until very recently much of the remaining documentation was closed in Ukrainian state archives, unavailable to researchers. As a result, Ukrainian historiography lacks broader reliable research of the events and the presence of the issue in Ukrainian publications is still very limited. The young generation of Ukrainian historians is often infected with Ukrainocentism, and often borrows the stereotypes and myths about Poland and Poles from the biased publications of the Ukrainian diaspora.
The active collection and publication of information regarding the Volyn Tragedy began in the summer of 2002 after it became known that Kresy organizations (made up of AK veterans and various Associations) were planning to hold commemorations in memory of only the Polish victims of the conflict. The I. Krypiakevych Institute of the Academy of Sciences of Ukraine began to collect accounts. Tetiana Kostenko has been focusing on the region of Dubno, Ivan Pusko on the regions of Volyn, and Volodymyr Sobchuk, the area around Kremenets. Yaroslav Tsaruk began collecting accounts from the area around Volodymyr-Volyns'k in 1985 and became more active in the 1990s, stimulated by the writings of Yu. Turovsky and V. Siemaszko, when he noticed that the accounts in their writings did not correspond with his own findings. Travelling by bicycle throughout the area, he collected accounts from those who remembered the events, and made lists of those who died or were wounded during the war, including accounts about Poles, Ukrainians and others. He counterchecked the accounts against information that was collected immediately after the war and again in 1976. The post war account paralleled his findings, whereas the 1976 account was specially written to show all anti-soviet actions in a negative light.
According to the Ukrainian historian Yaroslav Tsaruk, who studied the materials collected by Siemaszko from Polish villagers, the number of ethnic Poles given by them in some of the villages he is familiar with, does not correspond to recorded Ukrainian statistical data. According to Tsaruk, Siemaszko included in the number of Polish casualties those who emigrated before the commencement of these hostilities, and that Siemaszko included colonies, subdivisions of villages and population points which were never separate administrative units, enlarging the number of Polish population points.
According to the information collected by the Siemaszkos in the Volodymyr-Volynsk region only 80 Ukrainians were murdered. According to materials collected by Ya. Tsaruk 1454 Ukrainians died from the hands of Polish paramilitary groups (the names of 1244 victims have been collected). Tsaruk stated that in the Volodymyr region initially there were attacks on Ukrainian villages by Polish-German police units which were retaliated in self-defence. According to Siemaszko 1915 Poles died at the hands of Ukrainian Nationalists. According to Tsaruk there were 430.
In the village of Biskupychy Verkhni (Nekhvoroshchi) Ya. Tsaruk notes 11 murdered Ukrainians (including a 3 year old girl and a 95 year old grandmother) which happened May 20, 1943. Siemaszko's book mentions the murder of 90 Poles on July 11, but doesn't mention the murder of the Ukrainians that, according to Tsaruk, took place on May 20. Tsaruk gives the names of 9 Ukrainians murdered on May 20 in the village of Khmeliv; among the victims were an 18 month old child. Siemaszko states that 11 Poles were murdered there at the beginning of August, again neglecting, according to Tsaruk, to mention the previous Ukrainian victims.
Ya. Tsaruk gives hundreds of examples of Siemaszko's selective use of information where previously Ukrainian civilians were murdered by Polish military units such as Radekhiv, Mokrets, Zashkovychi, Volytsia, Koluna, Oryshchi, Zavydiv, and Rykovychi, which Siemaszko did not mention at all.
Władysław Siemaszko stated that Tsaruk isn't a historian or a reliable source, and that his research is based on reports from the locals long after war, while Siemaszko's sources were published and are widely available. He further stated that "almost every Ukrainian family in Volhynia was involved in the murder of Poles", and that "there is a desperate attempt to paint a completely false picture of the number of the alleged Ukrainian victims at the hands of Poles, explained by psychological defence mechanisms, which in some appear as the denial of crimes".
According to the Polish historian Grzegorz Motyka Tsaruk's research didn't change his point of view on Volhynia events: that the Ukrainian nationalists were responsible for beginning and escalating the massacres of Poles. Motyka points out that Tsaruk mistakenly blames Poles for crimes perpetrated by Germans. Another Polish historian Grzegorz Hryciuk writes that Tsaruk's work has marks of "literary talent of the author which went too far".
Tsaruk's criticism of Polish historiography was echoed by Ihor Ilyushin, a prominent Ukrainian historian tasked with investigating the events in Volhynia. Ilyushn questions whether the Polish approach typified by Siemaszko can be scholarly, objective, or impartial, and considered an approach to be flawed when it is based primarily on the testimony of one, Polish, side. He also questions Siemaszko's credibility because Siemaszko was a participant at the height of the conflict himself. Ilyushin notes that Siemaszko's large tome used only three OUN-UPA documents and fails to make use of any Soviet or German materials. As an example of inaccuracy that Siemaszko' approach leads to, Ilyushin described a case discussed in Siemaszko's work in which, based on AK testimony, Siemaszko claimed that 9 Poles were killed by Ukrainian nationalists in September 1939. The same event was described in the NKVD archives in Ukraine and according to those records the perpetrators were western Ukrainian communists.

</doc>
<doc id="18594949" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18594949" title="Ole Johannesen Staff">
Ole Johannesen Staff

Ole Johannesen Staff (1789–??) was a Norwegian politician.
He was elected to the Norwegian Parliament in 1836, 1839 and 1842, representing the rural constituency of "Christians Amt" (today named Oppland). He worked as a farmer.

</doc>
<doc id="18594952" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18594952" title="Marcin Kaczmarek (swimmer)">
Marcin Kaczmarek (swimmer)

Marcin Kaczmarek (born June 25, 1977 in Pisz, Warmińsko-Mazurskie) is a retired butterfly swimmer from Poland, who competed for his native country at the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney, Australia.
A member of AZS-AWF Gdańsk he is best known for winning the bronze medal at the 1997 European Swimming Championships in the men's 4×100 m medley relay, alongside Mariusz Siembida, Marek Krawczyk and Bartosz Kizierowski.

</doc>
<doc id="18594971" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18594971" title="Symphony No. 10 (Myaskovsky)">
Symphony No. 10 (Myaskovsky)

The Symphony No. 10 in F minor, Op. 30 by Nikolai Myaskovsky is among the more remarkable of the Russian composer's large output of 27 symphonies.
Composed in Moscow in 1926–27, it was inspired by Alexander Pushkin's poem "The Bronze Horseman", which tells of a young man whose fiancée is drowned by the disastrous flooding of Saint Petersburg by the River Neva in 1824 and who curses the prominent equestrian statue of Peter the Great, only to be pursued through the city by the statue until he too is drowned. 
The basic events of the poem may be discerned in Miaskovsky’s music, notably the flood in the opening passage (marked "Tumultuoso"), plus themes for the principal characters (the sole lyrical element, played "Patetico" on solo woodwind or violin, symbolizes the drowned fiancée) and the pursuit by the statue, a "Presto Tempestoso" fugue on a subject using ten of the twelve pitches of the chromatic scale. In fact Miaskovsky was not so much inspired by the poem as by Alexander Benois's illustrations to it.
In its form Miaskovsky's Tenth Symphony "collapses the elements of a four-movement symphony into a densely argued single-movement form lasting little more than quarter of an hour". 
It requires a large orchestra, rich in brass instruments. Miaskovsky commented that the symphony was "filled with the deafening racket of four trumpets, eight horns and so on" and described it to Sergei Prokofiev as being "as massive as if it were made of iron". 
The premiere was given in Moscow on 2 April 1928 by the conductorless orchestra Persimfans, but the complexity of the music defeated them. In 1930 Prokofiev managed to persuade Leopold Stokowski to give a well-received U.S. premiere in Philadelphia.

</doc>
<doc id="18594989" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18594989" title="Sōgen-ji">
Sōgen-ji

In 1496, memorial tablets representing the kings of the Ryūkyū Kingdom were installed in the temple, establishing it as a royal mausoleum. Anyone entering the temple grounds, including the king himself, had to dismount and enter the temple on foot out of respect for the prior sovereigns. The temple grounds were expanded at this time as well, with the construction of the massive stone gates and walls which remain today. Though these royal memorial tablets continued to be enshrined in the Sōgen-ji for many centuries, beginning in 1521, the actual royal remains were entombed in the Tamaudun mausoleum completed that year a short distance from Shuri Castle.
All the temple buildings were destroyed in the Battle of Okinawa in 1945; only the stone walls and gates, foundations and steps, and some tablets and steles survived. Of two stone tablets erected outside the gates warning visitors to dismount, one remains today. The site is today a public park.

</doc>
<doc id="18594994" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18594994" title="Marian Dale Scott">
Marian Dale Scott

Marian Dale Scott (26 June 1906 – 28 November 1993) was a Canadian painter.
She was born Marian Mildred Dale in Montreal. She showed talent at an early age, her first works being exhibited in 1918. After study in Paris and London she returned to her home city, where in 1928 she married the poet and law professor F. R. Scott. They had one son, the diplomat Peter Dale Scott.
Her career began with landscapes, followed by cityscapes which reflected her social concerns. In the 1940s she turned to abstraction, seeking inspiration in scientific literature.
She was a founding member of the short-lived but influential Contemporary Arts Society of Montreal ("Société d'art contemporain", 1939–48), and was elected to the Royal Canadian Academy of Arts in 1973.

</doc>
<doc id="18594998" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18594998" title="SLCU">
SLCU

SLCU can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18595004" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18595004" title="Chelsie Hightower">
Chelsie Hightower

Chelsie Kay Hightower (born July 21, 1989) is a ballroom dancer, who is best known for being a regular dance partner, trainer and choreographer on the ABC competition show "Dancing with the Stars".
Biography.
Born Chelsie Kay Hightower in Las Vegas, Nevada, and raised in Orem, Utah with five older brothers and her mother and father until they divorced in 2006. Chelsie was born with a hole in her heart. She started dancing when she was nine years old and received conventional training since the age of 14. She has been trained in ballroom, jazz, ballet, and hip-hop. Hightower has performed in musical theaters across the United States and won her first national title when she was 11. She was a U.S. Worlds finalist in 2005, and competed on Team USA during the British Open in Blackpool, England. She graduated from Timpanogos High School, then attended Utah Valley University.
So You Think You Can Dance.
At age 18, she made her television debut on season four of "So You Think You Can Dance". She is highly remembered for her Emmy nominated performances with Mark Kanemura to a revision of "Bleeding Love" by Leona Lewis choreographed by NappyTabs and with Joshua Allen to "A Los Amigas" choreographed by Dimitry Chaplin. She was eliminated from the U.S. reality TV show on July 31, 2008 after making it to the top six. Hightower was one of two contestants who were never in the bottom 3. After season 4, Chelsie has since returned in season 8 as an All-Star and in season 10 as a choreographer and All-Star.
Dancing With The Stars.
Hightower joined the season eight cast of "Dancing with the Stars" as a professional dancer, and was partnered with Ty Murray, a nine-time World Champion rodeo cowboy. On May 12, 2009, she and Murray were eliminated from the competition with a 4th place finish. Her partner for season nine was professional snowboarder Louie Vito. They were eliminated in week six of the competition, and came in eighth place. For season ten she was partnered with "The Bachelor" star Jake Pavelka. They were voted off in week six of the competition, and came in seventh place. She was paired with Michael Bolton in season 11. The couple were eliminated in week two. For season 12 she was partnered with rapper and actor Romeo Miller. They were eliminated in week eight of the competition, and came in fifth place. She was not on season 13 (Fall 2011), but returned in season 14 (Spring 2012) partnered with Disney Channel star Roshon Fegan. The couple was eliminated on week eight, finishing in sixth place. For season 15 (the first "all-stars" season), she was partnered with season five winner Hélio Castroneves. They were voted off during a double elimination in week three and finished in 10th place.
Hightower made an appearance in "Sports Illustrated" Swimsuit Winter 2010 edition (pages 152 and 153) along with three other couples from "Dancing with the Stars". On July 8, 2010, she received an Emmy nomination for the "Paso Doble/Malagueña" dance that she and Derek Hough performed and co-choreographed for season ten.
Hightower has performed with singer/songwriter Jewel (Ty Murray's wife) in concert on Jewel's hit "Hands."
"Dancing With the Stars" performances.
Chelsie's average score from all her partners is 21.03 points.
Season 9 : with Louie Vito (average : 18.8).
Due to Len Goodman's absence in week 2 the 7 was awarded by stand-in guest judge Baz Luhrmann.

</doc>
<doc id="18595007" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18595007" title="HMS Carcass">
HMS Carcass

Three ships of the Royal Navy have borne the name HMS "Carcass", named after the carcass, an early form of incendiary bomb or shell:

</doc>
<doc id="18595012" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18595012" title="Marek Krawczyk">
Marek Krawczyk

Marek Krawczyk (born March 23, 1976 in Gdańsk, Pomorskie) is a retired breaststroke swimmer from Poland, who competed for his native country at two consecutive Summer Olympics, starting in 1996 (Atlanta, Georgia). 
A member of AZS-AWF Gdańsk he is best known for winning the bronze medal at the 1997 European Swimming Championships in the men's 4×100 m medley relay, alongside Mariusz Siembida, Marcin Kaczmarek and Bartosz Kizierowski.

</doc>
<doc id="18595013" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18595013" title="John Ray (disambiguation)">
John Ray (disambiguation)

John Ray may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18595015" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18595015" title="Marin Držić Avenue">
Marin Držić Avenue

Marin Držić Avenue () is an important north-south avenue in the central-eastern part of Zagreb, Croatia. It is named after Marin Držić, a famous Croatian poet from the 16th century.
It starts at the Petar Krešimir IV Square where it continues south from Pavao Šubić Avenue. It intersects with the Branimirova Avenue, Vukovarska Avenue, Slavonska Avenue (cloverstack interchange), Milka Trnina Street, Sajmišna Road (parclo interchange) and ends at Dubrovnik Avenue (roundabout interchange), continuing south as Sarajevska Road. The avenue carries ZET tram tracks in the median through the entire route. Zagreb's main bus station ("Autobusni kolodvor Zagreb") is also located on the avenue.
It passes through city districts Trnje and Novi Zagreb - istok, at parts serving as a border between Trnje and Peščenica - Žitnjak.

</doc>
<doc id="18595022" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18595022" title="Landhi Dairy Colony">
Landhi Dairy Colony

Landhi Dairy Colony (also known as Bhains Colony or Landhi Cattle Colony), is world’s largest buffalo colony, located in Bin Qasim Town in Karachi, Sindh, Pakistan. The New Zealand Agency for International Development funded a pilot scheme to turn animal waste into energy and fertilizer according to NZAID website the project is "designed to bring substantial economic and environmental benefits to the people of Landhi". The purpose of the project was not only to "pollution problem caused by animal waste, but also to lift the living standards and improve the environment of the local people."
History.
The Landhi Dairy Colony (LDC), located in the suburbs of Karachi. It was established in 1958 within an area of for 15,000 animals.
But, today it has about 1,500 farms spread over . It has a dairy animals population of about 400,000 (around 95% buffaloes and 5% cows, as well as an unknown number of sheep and goats), with a daily yield of about four million litres of milk and 7,200 tones of dung making it world's largest dairy colony. Buffaloes are the biggest source of milk here, just as they are in rest of Pakistan. Individual farmers often own up to 200 animals each (2010)
The majority of the milking animals in LDC are kept only for one lactation phase and consequently approximately 10 to 12 percent of the population is replaced every month. After the lactation period the majority of the animals are sold to breeders or for slaughter and only a few are kept by the dairy farmers for re-breeding. Most of the animals are brought to and from the animal rich districts of Punjab and Sindh.
Waste to energy project.
The first gobar gas-fired power plant (25 MW) in Landhi Bhains Colony is on the cards. This will not only take care of a part of Colony dung - turning a negative feature into a positive one - but also yield 1,500 tons of natural fertilizer daily.
The project will resolve a significant environmental problem and simultaneously produce badly needed electricity in the city of Karachi, which is an immediate and pressing need. The importance and scale of the project is underscored by the inauguration of the project by H.E. Mr. Phil Goff, Minister for Trade, Government of New Zealand together with the Karachi City Nazim, Syed Mustafa Kamal
On 15 April 2007 the inauguration of a project to convert the animal waste to fuel and fertiliser took place. The cattle produce 7,200 tons of waste per day, the lack of treatment caused enormous problems. The project prevented the dumping of waste in the sea and instead used the dung to produce methane gas for power generation (25 MW) as well as producing 1,400 tons of dried fertiliser per day.
The project was inaugurated by Phil Goff, the New Zealand Minister of Trade and the Karachi City nazim, Syed Mustafa Kamal. The project provides badly needed electricity to the city of Karachi as well as eliminating the environmental problems that had been caused by the waste. The project site is 20 km from the centre of Karachi.
Syed Feroz Shah the director of the National Engineer Corporation in a joint briefing with Tony Woods and Ann McLean of Empower Consultants said it was the second ever Carbon credit project for Pakistan.
The project started in 2005 when NZAID provided up to $500,000 in funding and according to Phil Goff, after the inauguration of the project in April 2007, the "New Zealand organisations and others that have played a central role in developing this important project can be justly proud of their achievement and the project will also add another important dimension to our growing bilateral relationship with Pakistan”

</doc>
<doc id="18595026" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18595026" title="Wang Ch'ung-hui">
Wang Ch'ung-hui

Wang Ch'ung-hui (, 1881–1958) was a prominent Chinese jurist, diplomat and politician who served the Republic of China from its foundation in 1912 until his death in 1958. He was a close associate of the republic's founding father, Sun Yat-sen, an active member of the Kuomintang ("Chinese Nationalist Party"), and a judge on the Permanent Court of International Justice in the Hague.
Early life.
Wang was born in Hong Kong in 1881, and graduated in 1900 from Peiyang University where he studied law. After briefly teaching at Nanyang Public School, in 1901 he continued his study in Japan, and later traveled to the United States attending the University of California and Yale. He received the degree of Doctor of Civil Law from Yale Law School in 1905. Wang was called to the bar by the Middle Temple in 1907. In the same year, his translation of the German Civil Code (of 1896) into English was published. During 1907 and 1911, he studied comparative law in Germany and France.
He returned to China from London in the autumn of 1911, and when the anti-dynastic Xinhai Revolution of October 10 began, he became adviser to Chen Qimei, the revolutionary military governor of Shanghai. He represented Guangdong at the Nanking convention which elected Dr. Sun Yat-sen provisional president of the Republic of China.
Shanghai.
In 1912, Wang was designated first minister of foreign affairs of the Republic of China. After the rise of Yuan Shih-k'ai, Wang was named minister of justice in the cabinet of T'ang Shao-yi. He participated in drafting the republic's provisional constitution of 1912. Tang resigned in June 1912, and a month later Wang did the same. He moved to Shanghai and assumed the roles of vice-chancellor of Futan University and chief editor of the Chunghua Book Company.
Guangzhou.
Though he stayed out of some major political events during the early anti-Yuan era, in May 1916 he became deputy commissioner for foreign affairs of the military council in Canton, headed by Liang Ch'i-ch'ao and Ts'ai O.
Wang served as chief justice of the Chinese supreme court in 1920 and justice minister of the "Peking" or "northern" government of Li Yuan-hung in June 1922. He briefly served as acting prime minister from September to November 1922. It was amid continued political power struggles and warlord rivalries that Wang gladly accepted an appointment as deputy judge of the Permanent Court of International Justice in the Hage from 1923–1925.
Beijing.
Wang returned to Peking in 1925. In 1926, he was elected to the Central Supervisory Committee of the northern government and he also briefly served as minister of education under prime minister W.W. Yen. In mid-1927, he left Peking and joined Chiang Kai-shek's Nanking government, serving as justice minister. He was fundamental in formulating the principles underlying the Republic of China's criminal and civil codes. When the Judicial Yuan was created in 1928, Wang was its first president. He retained that post, and became a member of the State Council, from 1928–31. During these years, he worked to rid China of the extraterritoriality imposed by European powers and Japan. A loyal follower of Sun Yat-sen, Wang also worked to move China into the "political tutelage" phase of the revolution which would pave the way for China to become a constitutional democracy.
In 1930, Wang was elected judge on the Permanent Court of International Justice, but he delayed his acceptance as he was guiding the process of drawing up the provisional constitution of 1931. He assumed his post in the Hague in 1931, and served out his term until 1936. He returned to China that year and was seen as a moderating influence in Nanking during the Sian Incident in December of that year.
Wang Ch'ung-hui served as foreign minister from March 1937 - April 1941, a painful time during which Japanese invasion would kill millions of Chinese civilians and force the ROC government to relocate from Nanking to a provisional capital in Chungking. On August 21, 1937, he signed the Sino-Soviet Non-Aggression Pact with Soviet foreign minister Bogomoloff. This guaranteed the Soviet Union's financial support to the Kuomintang government, though they continued supporting Communist insurgents too.
In 1942, Wang became secretary general of the Chinese Supreme Defense Council. In this capacity, he accompanied President Chiang Kai-shek to India in 1942 and the Cairo Conference in 1943. In 1943, he also began serving on the People's Political Council.
Taipei.
Dr. Wang was a member of the Chinese delegation to the United Nations in San Francisco in 1945. Upon his return to China, he served as director of the Far Eastern Branch Committee of the Commission for the Investigation of Pacific War Crimes. Wang then worked on the framing of the Republic of China's constitution, which was promulgated on January 1, 1947. In 1948, he was elected member of the Academia Sinica and once again became minister of justice. As mainland China fell to Communist insurgency in 1949, Wang relocated to Taipei.
Upon his resettlement in Taiwan, Wang served on the Kuomintang's Central Reform Committee and its successor, the Central Advisory Committee. He continued to serve as president of the Judicial Yuan until his death on March 15, 1958. He was survived by his wife and a son, named Ta-hung.

</doc>
<doc id="18595030" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18595030" title="Tore Brovold">
Tore Brovold

Tore Brovold (born June 12, 1970) is a Norwegian sport shooter competing in Skeet. Brovold is one of the Norwegian athletes competing in the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing, where he won a silver medal. Later the same year, he won the 2008 ISSF World Cup Final.
Brovold started shooting in 1977, when he was only 7 years, and participated in his first competition two years later. He started with Skeet in 1996.

</doc>
<doc id="18595033" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18595033" title="Arnie Zane">
Arnie Zane

Arnie Zane (September 26, 1948 – March 30, 1988) was an American photographer, choreographer, and dancer. He is best known as the co-founder and co-artistic director of the Bill T. Jones/Arnie Zane Dance Company.
Early years.
The second son of an Italian-Jewish family, Zane was born in the Bronx, New York on September 26, 1948. Zane graduated from State University of New York at Binghamton (SUNY) with a degree in theater and art history. Not long afterward, Zane began pursuing an interest in photography. Though he is best known for being a dancer and choreographer, Zane began his career as a photographer. Zane was immensely interested in the human body, particularly its gestures, its movement, and its essence. Critic Jeffrey Green has characterized Zane’s portraits as “breaking down boundaries of race and age”. Zane's exploration of these themes is evidenced in his famous pictorials of a dancing Bill T. Jones. He met Jones, the man who would later become his lifelong partner, while visiting his Alma mater. The story goes that the 22-year-old Zane was immediately enamored of Bill T. Jones (a freshman studying dance and theater at SUNY) when he spied him across campus in 1971. During that spring semester, Zane convinced Jones to travel to Amsterdam with him and explore their burgeoning romantic relationship. After living and working together in Amsterdam, Zane and Jones eventually returned to New York.
Career in Dance and Choreography.
Zane’s interest in dance began when he and Jones took Lois Welk’s contact improvisation class at SUNY/Brockport. Welk’s improvisational workshop stressing the physical interdependence between dancers, fascinated Zane and sparked his passion for dance. The three (Zane, Jones, Welk) collaborated and formed the American Dance Asylum which was heavily influenced by the work of experimental dancers of the time, namely Yvonne Rainer and other members of Grand Union. Zane’s photographic interest in the body and his interest in visual design shaped his approach to choreography. Zane and Jones would utilize their physical differences (Zane was short and white, and moved with an agitated energy; Jones was tall and black, and moved with a generous grace) to create an image that was beautiful in its oddity. Their pieces would fuse Jones' power and grace with Zane’s quick and wiry movement. Indeed, the still pictures of their dances together are especially striking and memorable.
After touring internationally for two years as a modern dance duo with the American Dance Asylum, they formed the Bill T. Jones-Arnie Zane Company in 1982. The next year, their company would appear at the Next Wave festival at the Brooklyn Academy of Music. Over the years, the Bill T. Jones-Arnie Zane company has garnered much admiration for its creation of its own brand of postmodern dance which has become known for energetic dances set to narrative texts and postmodern music.
Zane and Jones choreography often explored issues such as racism, religion, sexism, and the nuclear age. They created the trilogy: "Monkey Run Road", "Blauvelt Mountain" (both 1979), and "Valley Cottage" (1980). In 1984, Zane and Jones achieved box office success and created "Secret Pastures". In "Secret Pastures", Zane played a mad scientist who creates a fabricated man (Jones). Zane and Jones also collaborated on "Ritual Ruckus (How to Walk an Elephant)" for the Alvin Ailey American Dance Theater in 1985.
Awards.
Zane received his first award in the arts for photography when he received a Creative Artists Public Service (CAPS) Fellowship in 1973. He was also the recipient of a second CAPS Fellowship in 1981 for choreography, as well as two Choreographic Fellowships from the National Endowment for the Arts (1983 and 1984). In 1980, Zane was co-recipient, with Bill T. Jones, of the German Critics Award for his work, "Blauvelt Mountain".
Death.
Zane died on March 30, 1988 at the age of 39 of AIDS-related lymphoma at his home in Valley Cottage, N.Y. Following his death, Jones choreographed "Absence", a piece that evoked the memory of his late lover and partner Arnie Zane. "Absence" addresses the varied feelings associated with mourning. After a 1989 performance of "Absence", writer Robert Jones described the piece as "a shimmering, ecstatic quality that was euphoric and almost unbearably moving." Tobi Tobias, dance critic for" New York", said that the work took "its shape from Zane's special loves: still images and highly wrought, emotion-saturated vocal music."

</doc>
<doc id="18595050" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18595050" title="Peder Jensen Fauchald">
Peder Jensen Fauchald

Peder Jensen Fauchald (15 November 1791 – 1 July 1856) was a Norwegian politician.
He was elected to the Norwegian Parliament in 1830, 1833, 1836, 1839, 1842 1845, 1848 and 1851, representing the rural constituency of "Christians Amt" (today named Oppland).
He was born in Østre Toten. He advocated freedom of religion in general and especially the right of Jews to enter Norway (which was granted in 1851). Locally he became mayor of Østre Toten municipality in 1837, was appointed county auditor, and founded the local savings bank. He sat as mayor from 1837 to 1847 and 1850 to 1856, being succeeded by Ole Larsen Hammerstad. He worked as a farmer.

</doc>
<doc id="18595052" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18595052" title="Afro-Bolivian">
Afro-Bolivian

Afro-Bolivians are Bolivians of African ancestry, and therefore the descriptive "Afro-Bolivian" may refer to historical or cultural elements in Bolivia thought to emanate from their community. It can also refer to the combining of African and other cultural elements found in Bolivian society such as religion, music, language, the arts, and class culture. The Afro-Bolivians are recognized as one of the constituent ethnic groups of Bolivia by the country's government, and are ceremonially led by a king who traces his descent back to a line of monarchs that reigned in Africa during the medieval period.
History of slavery in Bolivia.
In 1544, the Spanish Conquistadors discovered the silver mines in a city now called Potosí, which is on the base of Cerro Rico (Rich Mountain) in Bolivia. Almost immediately, they began enslaving the natives as workers in the mines. However, the health of the natives working in the mines became very poor, which is why the Spanish began to look towards a new group for labor. By the beginning of the Seventeenth Century, the Spanish mine owners and barons began bringing in African slaves in high numbers to help work the mines with the natives who were still able. 
Slaves were put to work in difficult conditions. Some slaves working in the mines survived no more than a few months. Potosí is 4,000 metres in elevation, making it the highest city in the world. Initially, the slaves were not used to working at such a high altitude. Also many of the lives of these Native and African workers fell short because of the toxic smelter fumes and the mercury vapors that they were inhaling while working the mines. Also, because the slaves had to work in the very dark mines for about four months, once they finally left these dark mines, they had to be blindfolded to protect their eyes from the sunlight, which they hadn’t seen in a long time.
Although it was a requirement for the Natives and Africans over 18 years of age to work in the mines for 12 back-breaking hours, younger children were still reputed to be put to work in the mines. These children worked fewer hours; however, they were still exposed to the extremely harsh conditions of all the miners: ncluding asbestos, toxic gases, cave-ins, and explosions. It is estimated that as many as eight million Africans and Natives died from working in the harsh conditions of the mines from a time span of 1545, when the Spaniards first put the Natives to work, until 1825, the end of the colonial period. This colonial period is certainly the worst human rights abuse of Europe’s colonial era.
The Spaniards' way of fortifying the slaves against the harsh conditions in the mines was to chew coca leaves. Coca, which would eventually become a very important element of Bolivian culture, is an agricultural product that is consumed in Bolivia, but can also be processed into cocaine. By chewing the coca leaves, the slaves numbed their senses to the cold, as well as preventing the feeling of hunger and alleviating altitude sickness.
The Yungas.
After their emancipation in the 19th century, Afro-Bolivians would relocate to a place called the Yungas. The Yungas, which is not far north from the city of La Paz, is where most of the country’s coca is grown. In parts of the Yungas such as Coroico, Mururata, Chicaloma, Calacala-Coscoma, and Irupana are a large number of Bolivians of African heritage. Before the Bolivians relocated to the Yungas, it was a place mostly inhabited by indigenous Aymara people and mestizos (European and Native mixed people). It is believed that the Natives thought that darker skin was more attractive, which is why they were impressed with the skin of the Africans when they first began arriving to Bolivia. For this reason, it is no surprise that many of the Afro-Bolivians would intermarry with the Aymara, adopt many of their cultural elements such as their style of dressing, and even become an Aymaran speaking subculture.
Some black Indians with drums of African origin.
Although these Afro-Bolivians were free, they still had a difficult battle in trying to maintain their culture. Many elements of their culture began to disappear, such as their feast, language, and spiritual sense to name a few. They had to fight very strongly against the colonial aggression and exclusion of their post-emancipation culture. One of the ways that they were able to hold onto this culture was through their music and dance. 
Saya music.
The biggest African influence in Bolivian culture is Saya music or La Saya. Saya, which is growing in popularity in Bolivia, is still very misunderstood. The reason for this lack of understanding of saya is because the interpretation of the instruments as well as the rhythm is very peculiar. It involves Andean instruments incorporated with African percussion. The primary instrument is the drum, which was passed on by their African ancestors, along with gourds, shakers, and even jingles bells that are attached to their clothing on the ankle area.
During the performance of saya, the Afro-Bolivians wear Aymara style clothing. The women wear a bright multi-colored blouse with ribbons, a multi-colored skirt called a “pollera”, with a “manta” (back cover) in their hand, and a bowler hat. The men on the other hand, wear a hat, feast shirt, an Aymara style slash around the waist, woolen thick cloth pants called “bayeta pants”, and sandals.
Every rhythm of Saya begins with the beating of a jingle bell by the Caporal (foreman) who guides the dance. This Caporal (also called capataz) guides the dancers with a cudgel (whip) in hand, decorated pants, and jingle bells near the ankles. The women, who have their own guide during this dance, sing while moving their hips, shaking their hands, as well as dialoguing with the men who play the bass drum and coancha.
Afro-Bolivians today.
Even though Bolivia had the richest silver mine in the world in the 17th century, it is currently the 2nd poorest country in South America. The majority of the Bolivians lives in rural areas, are unable to acquire basic needs, and depend on farming for their survival. In fact, it was reported at Bolivia’s national referendum in 2004, that Afro-Bolivians (as well as the indigenous people) face discrimination, disadvantages in health, life expectancy, education, income, literacy, and work under brutal conditions. 
It has been estimated that 25,000 Afro-Bolivians live in the Yungas. One thing we do know is that the Afro-Bolivians are proud of their culture and have fought very hard to preserve it. In fact, in the town of Mururata, the Afro-Bolivians managed to maintain their traditional culture, to the point of maintaining a continuous Afro-Bolivian monarchy currently led by Julio Pinedo. Afro-bolivan spread to east in Cochabamba and Santa Cruz de la Sierra, But in Santa Cruz there is more Afro-Brazilian than Afro-Bolivian. Not only that, but they are also in the process of trying to put together African culture classes for the young people, in an attempt to maintain their African culture. 

</doc>
<doc id="18595053" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18595053" title="Ministry of Parliamentary Affairs">
Ministry of Parliamentary Affairs

Ministry of Parliamentary Affairs may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18595067" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18595067" title="Q (programming language from Kx Systems)">
Q (programming language from Kx Systems)

Q is a proprietary array processing language developed by Arthur Whitney and commercialized by Kx Systems. The language serves as the query language for kdb+, a disk based and in-memory, column-based database. kdb+ is based upon K, a terse variant of APL. Q is a thin wrapper around K, providing a more readable, English-like interface.
Overview.
The fundamental building blocks of Q are "atoms", "lists" and "functions". Atoms are scalars and include numeric, character and temporal data types. Lists are ordered collections of atoms (or other lists) upon which the higher level data structures "dictionaries" and "tables" are internally constructed. A dictionary is a map of a list of keys to a list of values. A table is a transposed dictionary of symbol keys and equal length lists (columns) as values. A "keyed table", analogous to a table with a primary key placed on it, is a dictionary where the keys and values are arranged as two tables.
The following code demonstrates the relationships of the data structures (expressions to be evaluated appear prefixed with the "q)" prompt, with the output of the evaluation shown beneath):
These entities are manipulated via functions, which include the built-in functions that come with Q (which are actually defined as K macros) and user-defined functions. Functions are themselves a data type, and can be placed into lists, dictionaries and tables, or passed into other functions as parameters.
Examples.
Like K, Q is interpreted and the result of the evaluation of an expression is immediately displayed, unless terminated with a semi-colon. The Hello world program is therefore trivial:
The following expression sorts a list of strings stored in the variable x descending by their lengths:
The expression is evaluated from right to left as follows:
The factorial function can be implemented directly in Q as
or recursively as
Note that in both cases the function implicitly takes a single argument called x - in general it is possible to use up to three implicit arguments, named x, y and z, or to give arguments local variable bindings explicitly.
In the direct implementation, the expression "til x" enumerates the integers from 0 to x-1, "1+" adds 1 to every element of the list and "prd" returns the product of the list.
In the recursive implementation, the syntax "$expr1; expr2" is a ternary conditional - if the condition is true then expr1 is returned; otherwise expr2 is returned. The expression ".z.s" is loosely equivalent to 'this' in Java or 'self' in Python - it is a reference to the containing object, and enables functions in q to call themselves.
A function to determine if a number is prime can be written as:
The function is evaluated from right to left:
The Q programming language contains its own table query syntax called "q-sql", which resembles traditional SQL but has important differences, mainly due to the fact that the underlying tables are column, rather than row, oriented.

</doc>
<doc id="18595075" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18595075" title="Ajuga chamaepitys">
Ajuga chamaepitys

Ajuga chamaepitys is a species of flowering plant of the family Lamiaceae. Popularly known as Yellow bugle or Ground pine, the plant has many of the same characteristics and properties as "Ajuga reptans". "A. chamaepitys" can be found in Europe, the Eastern part of the Mediterranean, and North Africa.
Characteristics.
"A. chamaepitys" is a small herbaceous perennial that reaches 10–40 cm in height. The leaves have an opposite arrangement. It's flowering season is generally in late spring. Ground pine is a plant whose richness has been severely reduced by changes to downland farming.
At first sight, "A. chamaepitys" looks like a tiny pine tree with a reddish purple four-cornered hairy stem. The leaves can get up to 4 cm long, and the leaves are divided into three linear lobes which, when crushed, has a smell similar to pine needles. Ground pine sheds its shiny black seeds close to the parent plant and the seeds can remain alive in the soil for up to 50 years.
Herbal use.
"A. chamaepitys" has stimulant, diuretic and emmenagogue action and is considered by herbalists to form a good remedy for gout and rheumatism and also to be useful in female disorders. Ground pine is a plant well known to Tudor herbalists who exploited the resins contained within the leaves. The herb was formerly regarded almost as a specific in gouty and rheumatic affections. The plant leaves were dried and reduced to powder. It formed an ingredient of the once famous gout remedy, Portland Powder. It was composed of the leaves of "A. Chamaepitys", which has a slightly turpentine-like smell and a rough taste, with properties described as being similar to diluted alcohol.

</doc>
<doc id="18595077" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18595077" title="Mariusz Siembida">
Mariusz Siembida

Mariusz Siembida (born March 21, 1975 in Puławy, Lubelskie) is a retired backstroke swimmer from Poland, who competed for his native country at two consecutive Summer Olympics, starting in 1996 (Atlanta, Georgia).
A member of Lublinianki he is best known for winning the bronze medal at the 1997 European Swimming Championships in the men's 4×100 m medley relay, alongside Marek Krawczyk, Marcin Kaczmarek and Bartosz Kizierowski.

</doc>
<doc id="18595079" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18595079" title="Christian Halvorsen Svenkerud">
Christian Halvorsen Svenkerud

Christian Halvorsen Svenkerud (25 August 1798 - 2 April 1886) was a Norwegian politician.
He hailed from Solør.
He was elected to the Norwegian Parliament in 1839, 1842, 1848 and 1851, representing the rural constituency of "Hedemarkens Amt" (today named Hedmark). He worked as a farmer.

</doc>
<doc id="18595080" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18595080" title="Sabatia Constituency">
Sabatia Constituency

Sabatia Constituency is an electoral constituency in Kenya. It is one of four constituencies in Vihiga District. The constituency was established for the 1988 elections.

</doc>
<doc id="18595091" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18595091" title="Ole Arntzen Lützow">
Ole Arntzen Lützow

Ole Arntzen Lützow (14 November 1801 – 2 November 1871) was a Norwegian politician.
He was elected to the Parliament of Norway in 1839, 1842 and 1845, representing the rural constituency of "Hedemarkens Amt". He worked as a farmer.

</doc>
<doc id="18595099" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18595099" title="Battle of Ballynahinch">
Battle of Ballynahinch

The Battle of Ballynahinch was fought outside Ballynahinch, County Down, on 12 June, during the Irish rebellion of 1798 between British forces led by Major-General George Nugent and the local United Irishmen led by Henry Munro (1758–98).
Background.
Munro was a Lisburn linen merchant and Presbyterian United Irishman who had no military experience but had taken over command of the Down organisation following the arrest of the designated leader, Rev. Willam Steel Dickson on June 5. Upon hearing of the victory at Saintfield on June 9, Munro joined the rebel camp there and then moved to Ednavady Hill, Ballynahinch to join the thousands who had gathered in support of the rebellion. The response of the British garrisons was to converge on Ballynahinch from Belfast and Downpatrick in two columns accompanied by several pieces of cannon.
Battle of Ballynahinch.
The battle began on the night of 12 June when two hills to the left and right of Ballynahinch were occupied by the British who pounded the town with their cannon. During a pause when night fell, some rebel officers were said to have pressed Munro for a night attack but he refused on the grounds that it was unchivalrous. As a consequence many disillusioned rebels slipped away during the night.
As dawn broke the battle recommenced with the rebels attacked from two sides and although achieving some initial success, confusion in the rebel army saw the United Irishmen retreat in chaos, pursued by regrouping British forces who quickly took advantage by turning retreat into massacre. Initial reports claimed four hundred rebels were killed, while British losses were around forty.
Aftermath.
Munro escaped the field of battle but was betrayed by a farmer who he had paid to conceal him and was hanged in front of his own house in Lisburn on 16 June. Ballynahinch was sacked by the victorious military after the battle with sixty-three houses being burned down. Cavalry scoured the surrounding countryside for rebels, raiding homes and killing indiscriminately, the 22nd Dragoons being guilty of some of the worst atrocities. The most famous victim was Betsy Gray, a young female rebel who, with her two brothers, was slaughtered in the post-battle massacre, ensuring her place in legend to this day.
Because of his family's involvement in this event, Robert Stewart, the future Lord Castlereagh, was made chief secreaty of Ireland.

</doc>
<doc id="18595110" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18595110" title="Anatole Taubman">
Anatole Taubman

Anatole Taubman (born 23 December 1970) is a Swiss actor, who has appeared in many films, such as a henchman in the James Bond movie "Quantum of Solace" and as the monk Remigius in the TV miniseries "The Pillars of the Earth". In 2012, he played also a bigger role in "Fünf Freunde" an adaptation of one of the famous books of Enid Blyton's Famous Five. He made an appearance as a Jewish prisoner in the TV miniseries "Band of Brothers". He is the executive producer of the movie She's Funny That Way, with Jennifer Aniston and Owen Wilson.

</doc>
<doc id="18595112" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18595112" title="Ole Christensen Walstad">
Ole Christensen Walstad

Ole Christensen Walstad (11 August 1799 - 22 July 1877) was a Norwegian politician.
He was elected to the Norwegian Parliament in 1836, 1842, 1845, 1848, 1851, 1854, 1857, 1859, 1862, 1865 and 1868, representing the rural constituency of "Akershus Amt" (today named Akershus). He worked as a farmer.

</doc>
<doc id="18595114" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18595114" title="Dunkel, Illinois">
Dunkel, Illinois

Dunkle is an unincorporated community in Christian County, Illinois, United States. It lies at .
Dunkel's post office was established May 4, 1877 and disestablished August 31, 1902; the community is now served by the Pana post office. It was situated along the Illinois Central Railroad. It was named for Elias Dunkel, an early postmaster. All that remains of Dunkel today are a few houses and a grain elevator operated by nearby Assumption Co-Op.

</doc>
<doc id="18595125" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18595125" title="ATMA (electronic musician)">
ATMA (electronic musician)

Andrei Oliver Braşovean aka ATMA (born 20 August 1979 in Sibiu) is a Romanian composer, performer and electronic music producer.
Andrei Oliver Brasovean is one of the pioneers of electronic music in Eastern Europe.
Born in Sibiu (Romania) and now living in Germany, he started to produce electronic music in 1991. Few years later he focused his productions mostly on trance, techno, downtempo and epic music.
Known around the globe for his unique style, and with more than 20 years of electronic music production and hundreds of live performances, ATMA made his entrance between the most established names in the electronic music scene.
With his long musical background and the experience of working different musical styles he developed a totally unique style of electronic dance music. Deep melodies, perfect harmonies, psychedelic sounds and pumping basslines, it's his "new definition" of the trance dance music.
After the great success of his first two solo albums, "Beyond Good & Evil" (Geomagnetic.Tv) and "The Secrets Of Meditation" (Millennium Records)
Atma is back in business with his brand new album, "Music Revolution", released in December 2011 on the German label BMSS.
Beside his trance projects, Andrei works as music composer for commercial bands (house, techno, dance, pop, rock, hip hop..) but also as a film music producer.
On the international scene he performed on over 500 festivals and music events all around the world: Dubai (U.A.E), Germany, United Kingdom, Swiss, Denmark, Austria, Italy, Sweden, Bulgaria, Romania, Macedonia, Serbia, Chile, Slovakia, Czech Republic, Poland, Hungary, Portugal, Russia, Ireland, Spain, Turkey, Greece and many more.
External links.
<br>http://www.facebook.com/ATMASTUDIO
<br>http://www.millenniumrecords.de
<br>http://bmss.eu/?t=con_artists&id=7
<br>http://geomagnetic.tv/artists/Atma.htm

</doc>
<doc id="18595127" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18595127" title="Lars Thorstensen Tønsager">
Lars Thorstensen Tønsager

Lars Thorstensen Tønsager (1788 - ??) was a Norwegian politician.
He was elected to the Norwegian Parliament in 1830, 1836, 1842, 1845, 1848 and 1851, representing the rural constituency of "Akershus Amt". He was also a deputy representative in 1833. He worked as a farmer. He was also mayor of Eidsvoll.
He is an ancestor of Alf R. Bjercke.

</doc>
<doc id="18595150" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18595150" title="Hans Pedersen Herrefosser">
Hans Pedersen Herrefosser

Hans Pedersen Herrefosser (1800 - ??) was a Norwegian politician.
He was elected to the Norwegian Parliament in 1842, representing the rural constituency of "Smaalenenes Amt" (today named Østfold). He worked as a farmer. He sat through one term.

</doc>
<doc id="18595151" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18595151" title="Methanesulfonic acid">
Methanesulfonic acid

Methanesulfonic acid is a colorless liquid with the chemical formula CH3SO3H. It is the simplest of the alkylsulfonic acids. Salts and esters of methanesulfonic acid are known as mesylates. Methanesulfonic acid is used as an acid catalyst in organic reactions because it is a non-volatile, strong acid that is soluble in organic solvents. Methanesulfonic acid is convenient for industrial applications because it is liquid at ambient temperature, while the closely related "p"-toluenesulfonic acid (PTSA) is solid. However, in a laboratory setting, solid PTSA is more convenient.
Methanesulfonic acid may be considered an intermediate compound between sulfuric acid (H2SO4), and methylsulfonylmethane ((CH3)2SO2), effectively replacing an -OH group with a -CH3 group at each step. This pattern can extend no further in either direction without breaking down the -SO2 group.
Methanesulfonic acid can be used in the generation of borane (BH3). By reacting methanesulfonic acid with NaBH4 in an aprotic solvent such as THF or DMS, the complex of BH3 and the solvent is formed.

</doc>
<doc id="18595160" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18595160" title="Hewittsville, Illinois">
Hewittsville, Illinois

Hewittsville is an unincorporated community in Christian County, Illinois, United States. It lies at .

</doc>
<doc id="18595170" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18595170" title="Colegio de San Bartolome de Novaliches">
Colegio de San Bartolome de Novaliches

History.
The Colegio de San Bartolome de Novaliches (commonly abbreviated as CSBN) was set up following a development plan of the San Bartolome de Novaliches Parish Pastoral Council. A 1-hectare property was bought, and 4,000 square meters of it were allotted for the school. The Pre-school Department opened in June 1995 with 12 enrollees at the old site. Former parish priest Anselmo P. Pamintuan set up the Elementary Department in June 1996, with 250 students. Because of its notable increase in mid-1996, upon the instructions of the archbishop of ManilaJaime L. Cardinal Sin, the school was housed in the basement of the new church. As the CSBN grew, in the summer of 1997 a single-floor building with 5 classrooms was built to house the High School Department. By school year 1999-2000 the first students graduated at secondary level.
In May 2003 Father Albert N. Delvo was appointed by the bishop emeritus of Novaliches, Teodoro C. Bacani, Jr. as superintendent, to succeed Rev. Msgr. Pamintuan as the school director. In July 2004 he was succeeded by Fr. Victor Emmanuel I. Clemen, who led the school for 3 years.
On May 2007 bishop of Novaliches Antonio R. Tobias, DD assigned Rev. Fr. Delvo to be the director and superintendent of all the member schools of the Parochial Schools Association in Novaliches (PSA - Nova).
In the 2012 the Colegio de San Bartolome de Novaliches was handled by Fr.Delvo.
Courses.
Elementary.
In addition to basic subjects such as language, science, mathematics, physical education, etc.:
High school.
In addition to mathematics, science, technology, music, art, etc.:

</doc>
<doc id="18595172" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18595172" title="Andy Gallinagh">
Andy Gallinagh

Andrew Anthony R. Gallinagh (born 16 March 1985) is an English footballer who plays for Bath City. He plays in the position of a defender or central midfielder.
Gallinagh spent a year in Coventry City's youth system, before leaving and signing for Stratford Town after an unsuccessful trial with Crewe Alexandra. He broke into the first team squad when he was 17. A year later, in 2003, he joined the Cheltenham Town Centre of Excellence, and signed a professional contract in 2004. He made his full debut for Cheltenham in the Robins' 5-0 win over Mansfield Town on the final day of the 2005-06 season.
In the 2007-08 season he made 25 first team appearances and won Cheltenham's 'Young Player of the Year' award. In May 2008, Gallinagh signed a new two year contract with Cheltenham. Gallinagh has said in an interview in 2009 he supports Aston Villa F.C..
In September 2011 Gallinagh joined Bath City on a one month emergency loan that was extended to another month on the 28th of October. He scored his first goal for the club in the fourth qualifying round of the F.A. Cup against Dover Athletic.
On 20 July 2012 Gallinagh joined Hereford United on a free transfer from Bath City after impressing in pre-season.
Despite being a regular in the first team line up until the turn of the year Gallinagh was released at the end of the season after missing the majority of the final three months of the campaign through injury.
In June 2013, he re-joined Bath City permanently.
Gallinagh's nickname is 'Jesus', because of his cosmetic resemblance to popular religious figure Jesus Christ.

</doc>
<doc id="18595173" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18595173" title="Mohamed Gad-el-Hak">
Mohamed Gad-el-Hak

Mohamed Gad-el-Hak is the Inez Caudill Eminent Professor of Biomedical Engineering and former chair of mechanical engineering at Virginia Commonwealth University. He received Ph.D. from the Johns Hopkins University, and has since taught and conducted research at the University of Southern California, University of Virginia, University of Notre Dame, Institut National Polytechnique de Grenoble, Université de Poitiers, Friedrich-Alexander-Universität Erlangen-Nürnberg, Technische Universität München, and Technische Universität Berlin.
Dr. Gad-el-Hak is the author of the book “Flow Control: Passive, Active, and Reactive Flow Management,” and editor of the books “Frontiers in Experimental Fluid Mechanics,” “Advances in Fluid Mechanics Measurements,” “Flow Control: Fundamentals and Practices,” “The MEMS Handbook” (first and second editions), “Transition and Turbulence Control,” and “Large-Scale Disasters: Prediction, Control, and Mitigation.”
Professor Gad-el-Hak is a fellow of the American Association for the Advancement of Science, the American Physical Society, the American Society of Mechanical Engineers, and the American Academy of Mechanics.
In 1998, Gad-el-Hak was named the fourteenth ASME Freeman Scholar. In 1999, he was awarded the prestigious Alexander von Humboldt Prize, Germany’s highest research award for senior U.S. scientists and scholars in all disciplines. In 2002, Gad-el-Hak was named ASME Distinguished Lecturer, as well as inducted into the Johns Hopkins University Society of Scholars.
Home Page: http://www.people.vcu.edu/~gadelhak/

</doc>
<doc id="18595175" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18595175" title="South Carolina Highway 170">
South Carolina Highway 170

South Carolina Highway 170 (SC 170) is a state highway, connecting northern Beaufort County with southern portions of Beaufort and Jasper counties. Due to increased population growth in both areas, the majority of the road is four lanes wide, with certain areas retaining the original two lane configuration.
Route description.
The route travels generally in a northeast to southwest direction, beginning in Beaufort and ending at the Georgia state line at the Savannah River, where it continues as Georgia State Route 25 into Port Wentworth.
Beginning in Beaufort at an angular intersection with US 21 Business, the road is known as Robert Smalls Parkway for approximately five miles as it travels in a southwesterly direction across Port Royal Island. After intersecting with US 21 and SC 128, SC 170 crosses the Broad River over a four-lane bridge built in 2004, replacing a previous 2-lane drawbridge. The route crosses Lemon Island and surrounding marshes before crossing over the smaller Chechesee River and enters the southern portion of Beaufort County. This particular stretch is quite scenic, with panoramas of marshes and surrounding islands extending for miles.
Shortly after the intersection with Snake Road and Callawassie Island's entrance road, the route crosses briefly into Jasper County before running exactly along the boundary between Beaufort and Jasper County for approximately eight miles. The route is mostly rural, though new commercial and light industrial development has begun to appear along the Jasper County side of the road.
The route crosses fully into Beaufort County and passes under US 278 at an intersection known locally as McGarvey's Corner and shortly after that intersection is reduced from four to two lanes. It skirts the eastern edge of the Sun City Hilton Head development before intersecting with Bluffton Parkway, which provides direct access to Bluffton. It continues for another two miles (3 km) before reaching SC 46 at a traffic circle.
SC 170 and SC 46 are co-signed for approximately three miles as they cross into Jasper County before splitting at an intersection five miles (8 km) southeast of downtown Hardeeville. Shortly past that intersection, SC 315 (formerly SC 170 Alternate) splits from the road by continuing straight while SC 170 makes a right onto Freedom Parkway. SC 170 continues along the extent of the road before intersecting with US 17 in the unincorporated Limehouse community.
US 17 and SC 170 are co-signed for approximately two miles on a four lane, divided highway configuration. The highways split after passing by a former truck weigh station, with US 17 continuing to Savannah and SC 170 heading into the Savannah National Wildlife Refuge. The route emerges from a densely wooded area and crosses nearly two miles of marshes before reaching the Savannah River and the Georgia state line. The road continues onward to Port Wentworth as Georgia State Route 25.
History.
Established around 1931 as a new primary routing from US 17 (today Levy Road S-27-34) to SC 33 (today SC 46). In 1939, it was extended north to where US 278 exists today. In 1940, it was extended north again to SC 368, near Coosawhatchie; and again by 1942 to US 17 in Coosawhatchie. In 1949, SC 170 was extended west from Coosawhatchie to SC 128, near Gillisonville, a renumbering of SC 366. In 1958, SC 170 was rerouted to US 21 in Beaufort, via the Broad River Bridge, replacing part of SC 169; its old alignment north through Coosawhatchie was renumbered to SC 462. Around 1975, SC 170 was extended slightly south over an old alignment of US 17 as mainline US 17 was placed on a new bypass west of Limehouse. In 1995, SC 170 was extended south into Georgia, replacing of mainline US 17. 
Bannered routes.
Levy alternate route.
Established around 1972 as a new primary routing from US 17 Alt to SC 170; an upgrade to secondary road S-27-117 (built in the late 1950s) and part of S-27-92 (Belinger Hill Road). Its existence created a rare alternate spur, but provided a more direct routing between Bluffton and Savannah. In 2010, it was renumbered as SC 315.

</doc>
<doc id="18595177" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18595177" title="Jacob Roll (born 1794)">
Jacob Roll (born 1794)

Jacob Roll (10 January 1794 – 23 November 1857) was a Norwegian politician.
He was elected to the Parliament of Norway in 1839, 1842, 1845, 1848 and 1851, representing the rural constituency of Smaalenenes Amt. He was also a deputy representative in 1836. He worked as a farmer, and owned a sawmill and a mill.

</doc>
<doc id="18595191" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18595191" title="Mayu Kuroda">
Mayu Kuroda

She was named to the 2008 Japanese Olympic Team and placed 5th in the team competition.

</doc>
<doc id="18595194" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18595194" title="William Wingfield">
William Wingfield

William Wingfield may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18595200" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18595200" title="Rosemarie Schuder">
Rosemarie Schuder

Rosemarie Schuder (married Rosemarie Hirsch born July 24, 1928) is a German writer.
Life.
Rosemarie Schuder came from a Middle class family in Jena. She attended a girl's school and took the Abitur in 1947. Subsequently she worked as a freelance journalist for the East German newspaper "Tägliche Rundschau" and "Neue Zeit". She interned for hands on experience at the Jena Glassworks in 1952. From 1957 to 1959, she underwent a study abroad in Italy. Since 1958, she has been married to writer Rudolf Hirsch and lives as a freelance writer in Berlin.
Rosemarie Schuder is the writer of numerous historical novels in which she deals with primarily themes from German history like the Münster Rebellion of 1534 or the fate of important people like Paracelsus, Johannes Kepler and Michelangelo.
Rosemarie Schuder has belonged to the P.E.N.-Zentrum of East Germany since 1978 being a member of the PEN-Zentrums Deutschland today as well as the Deutsche Schillergesellschaft. Since 1951 she has belonged to the Ost-CDU ending with her withdrawal from the party in March 1990. She has received the 1958 Heinrich Mann Prize, the National Prize of East Germany in each 1969, 1978 and 1988, the 1976 Lion Feuchtwanger Prize as well as the 1988 Goethe Prize of the East German Capital.

</doc>
<doc id="18595202" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18595202" title="Nils Christensen Ringnæs">
Nils Christensen Ringnæs

Nils Christensen Ringnæs (1792 - ??) was a Norwegian politician.
He was elected to the Norwegian Parliament in 1842 and 1845, representing the rural constituency of "Hedemarkens Amt" (today named Hedmark). He worked as a farmer and bailiff.

</doc>
<doc id="18595204" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18595204" title="Langleyville, Illinois">
Langleyville, Illinois

Langleyville is an unincorporated census-designated place in Christian County, Illinois, United States. It lies at . As of the 2010 census, its population was 432. Langleyville has an area of , all of it land.

</doc>
<doc id="18595207" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18595207" title="European Combined Geodetic Network">
European Combined Geodetic Network

European Combined Geodetic Network (ECGN) is a research project aimed at high accuracy geoid determination. The purpose of ECGN is to connect the height systems obtained via geometric positioning by GNSS with gravity-referenced heights with a cm-level accuracy. The effects of the atmosphere, the oceans and time-dependent parameters of the solid Earth on the gravity field are investigated. ECGN uses the data of satellite gravity missions CHAMP, GRACE and GOCE to model the Earth's gravity field and is linked to other gravity-related projects (GMES, GEOSS, GGOS). The ECGN is considered as a European contribution to the International Association of Geodesy (IAG) project Global Geodetic Observation System (GGOS). ECGN is managed by EUREF.

</doc>
<doc id="18595216" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18595216" title="Mikkel Johannesen Borge">
Mikkel Johannesen Borge

Mikkel Johannesen Borge (1791 - ??) was a Norwegian politician.
He was elected to the Norwegian Parliament in 1836, 1839 and 1842, representing the rural constituency of "Søndre Bergenhus Amt" (today named Hordaland). He worked as a farmer and bailiff.

</doc>
<doc id="18595220" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18595220" title="Millersville, Illinois">
Millersville, Illinois

Millersville is an unincorporated community in Christian County, Illinois, United States. It lies at .

</doc>
<doc id="18595223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18595223" title="Tom Gorrio">
Tom Gorrio

Tom Gorrio is a Peruvian-American singer-songwriter based in Miami, Florida. Tom expressed early interest in music while growing up in the United States and traveling back and forth from Lima, Peru. His family worked in various industries before becoming involved in the Karaoke industry in the United States. Spanish music and Latin dance were a large part of Tom's life growing up and have had an influence on his music, which has a distinctly Spanish and world music themes. Tom's parents are avid dancers in the Miami Salsa and Meringue communities and great supporters of his music. 
Gorrio is the primary songwriter and performer for Baby Calendar, Call it Radar, and former project Lasso the Moon. Since 2004, he has performed as Tom Gorrio and has released 2 EP's as part of this project, which in the past has featured guest Miami musicians including Jackie Biver and Arik Dayan of Baby Calendar. Gorrio is scheduled to perform at the 2008 Athens Popfest and is affiliated with Happy Happy Birthday To Me Records. 

</doc>
<doc id="18595227" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18595227" title="Lars Johannesen Aga">
Lars Johannesen Aga

Lars Johannesen Aga (1800 - ??) was a Norwegian politician.
He was elected to the Norwegian Parliament in 1842 and 1845, representing the rural constituency of "Søndre Bergenhus Amt" (today named Hordaland). He worked as a farmer and bailiff.

</doc>
<doc id="18595236" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18595236" title="Old Stonington, Illinois">
Old Stonington, Illinois

Old Stonington is an unincorporated community in Christian County, Illinois, United States. It lies at .

</doc>
<doc id="18595238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18595238" title="Peder Paulsen Anzjøn">
Peder Paulsen Anzjøn

Peder Paulsen Anzjøn (born 1806) was a Norwegian politician.
He was elected to the Norwegian Parliament in 1842, representing the rural constituency of "Søndre Trondhjems Amt" (today named Sør-Trøndelag). He worked as a farmer and bailiff. He sat through one term.

</doc>
<doc id="18595252" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18595252" title="Lucy Russell (actress)">
Lucy Russell (actress)

Lucy Russell (born 1972) is an English actress, possibly best known for starring as Grace Elliott in Éric Rohmer's "L'Anglaise et le duc" (English: The Lady and the Duke). Her first starring role was in Christopher Nolan's "Following". Russell and Nolan met as fellow students at University College, London, where she studied Italian.
In 2002 she was named as one of European films' "Shooting Stars".

</doc>
<doc id="18595261" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18595261" title="Radford, Illinois">
Radford, Illinois

Radford is an unincorporated community in Christian County, Illinois, United States. It lies at .

</doc>
<doc id="18595278" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18595278" title="Pennsylvania House of Representatives, District 3">
Pennsylvania House of Representatives, District 3

The 3rd District an electoral district for the Pennsylvania House of Representatives that is represented by Democrat John Hornaman. The district is located in Erie County and includes the following areas:

</doc>
<doc id="18595289" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18595289" title="Peder Strand Rygh">
Peder Strand Rygh

Peder Strand Rygh (1800–1868) was a Norwegian politician.
He was elected to the Norwegian Parliament in 1839, 1842, 1845, 1851, 1854, 1857, 1862 and 1865, representing the rural constituency of "Nordre Trondhjems Amt" (today named Nord-Trøndelag). He worked as a bailiff, and later bank director.
He hailed from Verdalen. Together with Ingeborg Marie Bentsen (1809–1878) he had a son Oluf Rygh, who achieved recognition as an archeologist and historian.

</doc>
<doc id="18595295" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18595295" title="Methanesulfonic anhydride">
Methanesulfonic anhydride

Methanesulfonic anhydride is the acid anhydride of methanesulfonic acid. Like methanesulfonyl chloride, it may be used to generate mesylates (methanesulfonyl esters).

</doc>
<doc id="18595322" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18595322" title="Elsie Maréchal">
Elsie Maréchal

Elsie Maréchal was an English woman who became active in the Belgian Resistance helping Allied airmen to escape from the German forces. Having been betrayed, she was sentenced to death and subjected to the 'Nacht und Nebel' policy designed to make such opponents of the Nazis 'disappear'. She survived to tell her story to her family back in England and to receive awards for her work.
Early life.
Elsie Mary Bell was born on 21 June 1894 in Acton, Middlesex, the daughter of Robert Edward Bell and Alice Mary (née Gowen). After attending school in Great Yarmouth, Elsie trained at Norwich Teacher Training College and, on leaving in 1915, was accepted as a teacher by the London County Council.
While working in London during the First World War she met a young Belgian soldier, Georges Maréchal, who had been sent to a hospital in London to recover after contracting pneumonia while serving in the water-logged trenches of South West Belgium.
They were married on 21 June 1920 and started married life in Koblenz, Germany where Georges was working in the High Commission. They had three children: Lilian Grace, who died as a toddler, Elsie and Robert. In 1929 Georges returned with his family to Brussels.
World War II.
From early 1941 the family were involved in the Belgian Resistance, the two Elsies being part of the 'Comet' network which helped many Allied airmen who had been shot down over enemy territory to evade capture and reach safety by smuggling them through France to neutral Spain. Like many others involved in such networks, they were eventually betrayed by someone who had been captured and interrogated by the Germans. On 18 November 1942 the whole family was arrested and taken for questioning. Robert, who was only sixteen, was eventually released in January 1943.
The rest of the family were kept in solitary confinement and repeatedly, and often brutally, questioned. They refused to reveal what they knew and on 15 April 1943 they were tried, found guilty and sentenced to death. On 20 October 1943 Georges and several other men were executed by firing squad.
On New Year's Day 1944 the two Elsies left the in Brussels and began nearly eighteen months of being moved around between various prisons and concentration camps. This was meant to make them impossible for the Allies to trace, a system known as 'Nacht und Nebel' (Night and Fog). They survived and were eventually rescued from captivity by the Swiss Red Cross.
In due course both the Elsies (and Georges posthumously) received a number of awards and honours from the British, American, and Belgian governments in recognition of their work.
Elsie died on 25 March 1969 in Uccle, Belgium.

</doc>
<doc id="18595347" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18595347" title="Lars Bastian Ridder Stabell">
Lars Bastian Ridder Stabell

Lars Bastian Ridder Stabell (1798–1860) was a Norwegian politician.
From 1834 to 18487 he was County Governor of "Nordlands Amt" (today named Nordland).
He was elected to the Norwegian Parliament in 1842, representing "Nordlands Amt". He sat only one term.

</doc>
<doc id="18595350" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18595350" title="Craigavon Area Hospital">
Craigavon Area Hospital

Craigavon Area Hospital (CAH) is a large teaching hospital in Craigavon, County Armagh, Northern Ireland. It serves an estimated 241,000 people from the boroughs/districts of Craigavon, Banbridge, Armagh and Dungannon–South Tyrone. It is within the townland of Lisnisky, beside the A27 road, at the edge of Portadown.
History.
The hospital opened in 1972, as a foresight of the demands of the Craigavon new town, replacing Carleton House, Lurgan Hospital, Banbridge Hospital amongst others as the main acute centre in the region. Until the 2006 reform of the Northern Ireland Health and Social Care trusts, the hospital was the main centre of the "Craigavon and Banbridge Health and Social Care Trust", which was amalgamated with several other trusts to form the "Southern Health and Social Care Trust".
In June 2011, CAH was granted University Teaching Hospital status by Queen's University, Belfast, alongside the creation of an Undergraduate sub-deanery within the Southern Trust.

</doc>
<doc id="18595351" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18595351" title="Sands of Oblivion">
Sands of Oblivion

Sands of Oblivion is a 2007 Sci-Fi Channel original movie starring Morena Baccarin, Adam Baldwin, Victor Webster, George Kennedy, Richard Kind and Dan Castellaneta. It was directed by David Flores and premiered July 28, 2007 on the Sci Fi Channel.
Synopsis.
The film tells the story of a prop from the 1923 movie "The Ten Commandments" that was actually an authentic artifact from antiquity with cursed powers. In the modern day these resurface leading to murder and mayhem.
Cast.
Baccarin and Baldwin previously starred together on the 2002 sci-fi series "Firefly" and the 2005 follow-up movie "Serenity".

</doc>
<doc id="18595353" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18595353" title="Du Xi">
Du Xi

Du Xi, courtesy name Zixu (子绪), was a military general serving under the warlord Cao Cao in the late Eastern Han Dynasty. He was a subordinate of Cao's general Xiahou Yuan. Du proposed to the troops that Zhang He take command after Xiahou Yuan was killed at the Battle of Mount Dingjun.

</doc>
<doc id="18595357" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18595357" title="Tony Taccone">
Tony Taccone

Tony Taccone (born July 4, 1951) is an American theater director, and currently the artistic director of Berkeley Repertory Theatre in Berkeley, California.
Early life.
Tony Taccone was born on July 4, 1951 in Queens, New York to an Italian-American father and a Puerto Rican mother. They encouraged their children to go into the arts; their daughter became a photographer, and both sons found careers in theater.
Taccone, attended Boston College as an English major. He frequently participated in poetry readings, which led to performance art. After marrying, he accompanied his wife to the University of Colorado and became involved in the drama department. His acting troupe asked him to fill in for their sick director and stage the next play. Taccone called the gig the "closest thing I ever had to an epiphany," and permanently went behind the curtain. After graduating, Taccone enrolled in UC Berkeley in the doctoral directing program, where he became close friends with fellow student Richard E.T. White.
Career.
When White became artistic director of the Eureka Theatre, a converted warehouse in San Francisco's Mission District, he invited Taccone along. In 1981, White left and Taccone replaced him as the artistic director. It was there that Taccone began his partnership with Tony Kushner, who he commissioned to write what Kushner thought would be a short chamber piece called "Angels in America". Over Taccone's tenure there, the Eureka's annual budget grew from $60,000 to $780,000 as their subscriber number grew to 2,400 and the repertory moved to a new building because their theater was destroyed by an arsonist. Despite the growth, they required $1.3 million in order to stay afloat, and talks began that the repertory could not sustain its artists with growing families. Taccone was extremely reluctant to leave, but announced his resignation in 1988.
That year, Taccone became the associate artistic director of Berkeley Rep under Sharon Ott, again replacing White. Right around that time, "Angels in America", which ended up becoming a two-part, seven-hour epic, was becoming a national sensation critically and otherwise, and a boon to the Eureka. Four years later (in 1992), he and Oskar Eustis co-directed the world premiere of the complete work at the Mark Taper Forum. In 1997, Berkeley Rep won a Tony for Best Regional Theater. That year, Ott left to become artistic director of Seattle Repertory, and Taccone became full artistic director, where he has staged more than 35 shows, including the world premieres of Continental Divide and Culture Clash in AmeriCCa. He has collaborated with Kushner on six projects. Their latest piece featured designs by beloved children’s author, "Maurice Sendak: Brundibar" debuted at Berkeley Rep and then traveled to Yale Rep and the New Victory Theater in New York City. Taccone made his Broadway debut with Sarah Jones’s "Bridge & Tunnel". He also staged the show’s record-breaking off-Broadway run at Culture Project, workshopped it for Broadway at Berkeley Rep and directed Jones’ previous hit, "Surface Transit". Taccone frequently works at Ashland’s Oregon Shakespeare Festival, where he has directed Coriolanus, Othello, Pentecost, the American premiere of Seamus Heaney’s The Cure at Troy, and his production of David Edgar’s Continental Divide, which also played at the Berkeley Rep and in England at Birmingham Rep and London’s Barbican Centre. His other regional credits include noted theatres such as Actors Theatre of Louisville, Arizona Rep, La Jolla Playhouse, San Jose Rep, Seattle Rep and San Francisco’s Eureka Theatre, where he served six years as artistic director before coming to Berkeley Rep. Taccone has served on the faculty of U.C. Berkeley, sat on the board of Theatre Communications Group and acted as a regional representative for the Stage Directors and Choreographers Society.
Playbill recently asserted that "Tony Taccone may very well be the most prominent artistic director in America right now." During his tenure, Berkeley Rep has emerged as the source of many important Broadway shows, including Green Day's"American Idiot," Sarah Ruhl's "In the Next Room, or the vibrator play," Carrie Fisher's "Wishful Drinking," Sarah Jones' "Bridge & Tunnel," and "Passing Strange." Two of Taccone’s recent shows also transferred to London: "Continental Divide" played the Barbican in 2004, and "Tiny Kushner" played the Tricycle Theatre in 2010. 
Taccone's professional career has included fostering clowning, a fascination he developed when he went to take his small family to see the Pickle Family Circus in the 1980s. He favors clown artistry that is a reaction to tragedy.
Taccone has been called a "theatrical midwife" because he often encourages and fosters new talent. Examples include his work with Sarah Jones on "Surface Transit" and the aforementioned Tony Kushner.
In 2009, Taccone participated in "A Night With the Stars", a play performed by persons who were previously homeless. The play was done as a fundraiser for Community Housing Partnerships in San Francisco.
Taccone made his playwriting debut in May 2011 with his solo show for Rita Moreno and followed this up with his show "Ghost Light" at the Oregon Shakespeare Festival in 2011, which he co-created with Jonathan Moscone.
Personal life.
Taccone credits the success of "Angels in America" with triggering a personal bout of narcissm that coincided with middle age. He says he eventually returned to the person he wanted to be, and found his friends and family still there, although his marriage was over.
Taccone's children include Jorma Taccone, a member of the sketch-comedy troupe the Lonely Island and a writer for "Saturday Night Live" and Asa Taccone, a musician and sometimes collaborator with his brother. Asa is a founding member of indie rock band Electric Guest and has composed music for his father's productions, such as for "Bridge & Tunnel" and Taking Over. Taccone currently lives in Berkeley with his companion, lawyer Morgan Forsey, and her son Conor.

</doc>
<doc id="18595397" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18595397" title="Johan Ernst Berg">
Johan Ernst Berg

Johan Ernst Berg (1768–1828) was a Norwegian politician.
From 1815 to 1828 he was County Governor of "Nordlands Amt" (today named Nordland).
He was elected to the Norwegian Parliament in 1815 and 1826, representing "Nordlands Amt".

</doc>
<doc id="18595415" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18595415" title="2006 Shelbourne F.C. season">
2006 Shelbourne F.C. season

In the 2006 season, Shelbourne were crowned League of Ireland Premier Division champions.
Personnel.
Managerial/Backroom Staff.
Manager: Pat Fenlon<br>
Assistant Manager: Eamon Collins
Transfers In.
The following players joined Shelbourne for the 2006 campaign:
Results/League Tables.
UEFA Intertoto Cup.
First Round.
Shelbourne won 5 - 0 on aggregate
Second Round.
OB Odense won 3 - 1 on aggregate
2006 Season Statistics.
Player Appearances/Goals.
"As of November 17, 2006."

</doc>
<doc id="18595420" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18595420" title="Paul Peter Vilhelm Breder">
Paul Peter Vilhelm Breder

Paul Peter Vilhelm Breder (1816–1890) was a Norwegian politician.
From 1854 to 1858 he was County Governor of "Nordlands Amt" (today named Nordland).
He was elected to the Norwegian Parliament in 1857, representing "Nordlands Amt". He sat only one term.

</doc>
<doc id="18595430" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18595430" title="Henry Bull (MP)">
Henry Bull (MP)

Henry Bull (1630 – 28 January 1692) was an English lawyer and politician who sat in the House of Commons at various times between 1660 and 1692.
Bull was the eldest surviving son of William Bull, barrister of Shapwick, Somerset and his wife Jane Southworth, daughter of Henry Southworth, merchant of London and Wells. He was baptised on 8 October 1630. He was admitted at Inner Temple in 1651 and called to the bar in 1658. 
In April 1660, Bull was elected Member of Parliament for Wells in the Convention Parliament. He succeeded his father in 1676 and was appointed High Sheriff of Somerset for 1683–84.
He was elected MP for Milborne Port for the Second Exclusion Parliament in 1679 and again in 1681 and 1685. In 1689 he was elected MP for Bridgwater and was re-elected for the seat in 1690.
Bull died suddenly at the age of about 61 and was buried at Shapwick.
Bull married Elizabeth Hunt, daughter of Robert Hunt of Compton Pauncefoot, Somerset on 14 April 1658 and had three sons and two daughters.

</doc>
<doc id="18595439" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18595439" title="Michael Gallagher (writer)">
Michael Gallagher (writer)

Michael Gallagher (born in New York) is an American writer who has contributed to several comic books, as well as to the satire magazine "Mad", to which he has contributed several two-page gags since the mid-1990s. He is the son of cartoonist John Gallagher, as well as the nephew of George Gately, creator of the comic strip "Heathcliff". Besides "Mad", Gallagher has contributed to "Sonic the Hedgehog" (especially in its earlier, more slapstick years), as well as a comic book series based on the TV show "ALF", and several works for both Marvel Comics and Archie Comics.

</doc>
<doc id="18595443" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18595443" title="Belmont Middle School">
Belmont Middle School

Belmont Middle School is a public middle school in the Gaston County Schools school district located in Belmont, North Carolina, United States.
The campus of Belmont Middle School is one of only five sites in the United States of "The Spirit of the Fighting Yank," a sculpture by Ernest Moore Viquesney. Based on the original created in 1943, this cast-zinc statue portrays a determined-looking GI carrying a Thompson sub-machine gun by his left side (later lost in the case of this statue, now sporting a wooden block), about to lob a grenade with his right hand. While Viquesney produced many GI-themed pieces with the coming of World War II, most of them were miniatures and this was the only one produced as a life-size monument. It is believed to have been cast by the Raphael Groppi Studio of Chicago, Illinois. This particular statue was dedicated in 1946 after Viquesney's death.
Belmont Middle is recognized as a North Carolina School of Distinction.
Sports.
In 2009, the middle school had an outstanding year on the athletic field. Starting in the spring of 2009, the baseball team recorded a perfect 12-0 season capped off by winning the Gaston County Championship. 
The girls fast-itch softball team followed in the fall and also had a perfect 12-0 season.
The Lady Wildcats defeated arch-rival Chavis Middle School 5 to 4 in the county championship game. This is the first time the Lady Wildcats finished the season with a perfect record. 
One week later Belmont Middle School defeated Southwest Middle School to win the county championship and finish the season with another 12-0 perfect record. 
This may be the first time in history that a Gaston County middle school had three sports teams complete back to back to back perfect seasons.

</doc>
<doc id="18595467" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18595467" title="John Chavis Middle School">
John Chavis Middle School

John Chavis Middle School is a public middle school in the Gaston County Schools school district located in Cherryville, North Carolina, United States. It is named for John Chavis (c. 1763-1838), African-American educator and Presbyterian minister 
John Chavis Middle School was formerly John Chavis High School, a racially-segregated school for African-American students from western Gaston County. The school graduated its first students in 1938. It originally housed grades one through eleven in the one main building. An addition was added in 1954. After a fire destroyed the main building in 1964, classes were temporarily held in two black churches and the Rhyne Houser Recreational Building. The class of 1964 held graduation exercises at Lincoln High School in Bessemer City. Classes resumed at the new school in the fall of 1964. Only two classes graduated from the new John Chavis High School. During the summer of 1966, the Cherryville School System became fully integrated.
From 1966, John Chavis School became Cherryville South Elementary School, housing students in grades three and four. In 1973, grades five and six were added. With the start of the 1997 school year, the building was remodeled and became a middle school for grades 6 to 8 and reclaimed the name of John Chavis.
Bryan Denton serves as principal. Allison Rhyne is the assistant principal.

</doc>
<doc id="18595475" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18595475" title="Hideomi Yamamoto">
Hideomi Yamamoto


</doc>
<doc id="18595479" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18595479" title="Henry Bull">
Henry Bull

Henry Bull may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18595506" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18595506" title="Hugh Conaghan">
Hugh Conaghan

Hugh Conaghan (born 6 May 1926) is a former Irish Fianna Fáil politician and transport official. He was an unsuccessful candidate at the Donegal North–East by-election on 10 June 1976. He was elected to Dáil Éireann as Fianna Fáil Teachta Dála (TD) for the Donegal constituency at the 1977 general election. He was elected at the 1981 general election for the Donegal North–East constituency and was re-elected for this constituency until he lost his seat at the 1989 general election. He was an unsuccessful candidate at the 1992 general election.

</doc>
<doc id="18595508" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18595508" title="Konstantin Kuzakov">
Konstantin Kuzakov

Konstantin Stepanovich Kuzakov (1911-1996) () was possibly the illegitimate second child of Joseph Stalin. Konstantin's mother was Maria Kuzakova, who was Stalin's landlady during his 1911 exile in Solvychegodsk, with whom he had an affair. His mother was still pregnant when Stalin left his exile.
Konstantin was enrolled into Leningrad University, possibly with the discreet help of his father. In 1932, the NKVD forced him to sign a statement promising never to reveal the truth of his parentage.
For a while, he taught philosophy at the Leningrad Military Mechanical Institute. Afterward, he got a job in the Central Committee's "apparat" in Moscow. He served as a colonel during World War II. In 1947, while working for Andrei Zhdanov, a very close ally of Stalin, he and his deputy were accused of being American spies. While he was never officially introduced to his possible father, Konstantin claimed that on one occasion while working in the Kremlin he said, "Stalin stopped and looked at me and I felt he wanted to tell me something. I wanted to rush to him, but something stopped me. He waved his pipe and moved on." Although Stalin prevented his arrest, he was nonetheless dismissed from the Communist Party. 
After Stalin's death and the arrest of Lavrentiy Beria, he was restored in the Party and in Soviet "apparat", holding various positions associated with culture, a member of the collegium of Gosteleradio, chief of a department in the Ministry of Culture, etc. He died in 1996.

</doc>
<doc id="18595512" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18595512" title="Shinya Kawashima">
Shinya Kawashima


</doc>
<doc id="18595527" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18595527" title="2005 Shelbourne F.C. season">
2005 Shelbourne F.C. season

In the 2005 season, Shelbourne finished 3rd in the League of Ireland Premier Division.
Personnel.
Managerial/Backroom Staff.
Manager: Pat Fenlon<br>
Assistant Manager: Eamon Collins
Results/League Tables.
UEFA Champions League.
First Qualifying Round.
Shelbourne won 6 - 2 on aggregate
Second Qualifying Round.
Steaua Bucharest won 4 - 1 on aggregate
2005 Season Statistics.
Player Appearances/Goals.
"As of November 18, 2005."

</doc>
<doc id="18595544" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18595544" title="Arjun Narasingha K.C.">
Arjun Narasingha K.C.

Arjun Narasingha K.C.() (born 27 September 1947) is a Nepalese politician, belonging to the Nepali Congress. He is also the member of Consituent Assembly. He won in Nuwakot 1 with huge difference against his opponent. The Nepali Congress is a Nepalese political party. Nepali Congress led the 1950 Democratic Movement which successfully ended the Rana dynasty and allowed commoners to take part in the politics. It again led a democratic movement in 1990, in partnership with leftist forces, to end monarchy and reinstate parliamentary democracy. With the 12-point agreement of 22 November 2005 it worked together with the CPN-UML and the to end King Gyanendra's take over of the government.
Education.
KC holds Master's Degree in Political Science from Tribhuwan University, Kathmandu, Nepal. Prior to becoming a full-time politician, he was a teacher in Political Science at Tribhuvan University and also practicing advocate. He was also in The Thacher School of Diplomacy in United States for a month in 1982. Mr. KC has written many articles written and published in different magazines and papers on contemporary political and social issues.
Early Political career.
KC interest in Nepalese Politics started from his early school and college days where he held several position like General Secretary at Shanti Vidhya Griha High School 1962–1963, and Chairperson of National College Union 1963–1967, Chairperson in Association of Political Science from Tribhuwan University 1969–70, General Secretary of students union from Tribhuwan University 1969–1970.
KC won a seat in the 1981 Rastriya Panchayat Election, contesting as an independent. In 1982, he was appointed Minister of State for Health in the cabinet of Surya Bahadur Thapa. He held the position until 1983. KC was also elected as a member of parliament twice in the 1991 and 1994 parliamentary elections. He was the Minister for Health, Education and Physical Planning 1995–1999.
Key engagement in early career.
• International Conference on Education and Literacy, Colombo in 1980 and Macau in 1981.
• International Visitor Program sponsored by USA for a month in September 1982 in different states of America.
• Attended as health minister of Nepal World Health Organization – conference held in Geneva – 1983.
• Formal visit as a Health minister of Nepal to Czechoslovakia in 1983.
• Representative Repudiator from Nepali Congress for 10 points agreement between Nepali Congress and Communist Party of Nepal (UML)-1991.
• 89th Conference of Inter Parliamentary Union held in New Delhi 11 to 17 April 1993.
• 90th Conference of Inter Parliamentary Union held in Canberra, Australia 13 to 18 September 1993.
• General Conference on International Human Rights held in Vienna under the leadership of the then Prime minister Girija Prasad Koirala in 1994.
• Elected executive member – Nepali Congress Parliamentary Party, 1994–98.
• Attended as health minister of Nepal in World Health Organization Conference in Geneva in 1996.
• Chairman Regulation Drafting Committee, House of Representatives, 1996–1997.
• International Conference on Socialist international as a representative of Nepali Congress in Paris, France in November 1999.
Democratic movement.
Mr. KC was a Founder Member of Nepal Student Union in 1970–1971 . He was jailed for the first time at the age of 15 while he was a student, for his democratic beliefs. Later on, Mr. KC was put to jail from his party office in Kathmandu on 17 February 2005. Mr. K.C. was detained on the suspicion of being part of a plan to hold a peaceful protest against King Gyanendra. So far, K C has served several jail terms totaling to five years and four months.
Mr. KC was the Coordinator of Kathmandu Valley on behalf of Nepali Congress in Seven Party Alliance for People's Movement against the direct and undemocratic rule of King Gyanendra of Nepal which led to 19 days strike and ultimately power was given back to the people. The ensuing 2006 movement successfully reinstated the parliament and led to the formation of the Federal Republic of Nepal. Mr KC was also the key person under the leadership of Girija Prasad Koirala to bring the Maoist to the government and to hold the Constituent Assembly election in 2008. After the 2008 Constituent Assembly elections, Nepali Congress became the second largest party in the country in terms of the number of seats in the CA.
Current political career.
Mr. KC is now a senior leader and member of the central committee of Nepali Congress party. Recently in the Nepali Congress convention Mr. KC won with the second highest number of vote 2034 which showed his depth within the party and his interpersonal relations with the Nepali Congress activist. Mr. KC is a long term and ever popular member of the NC. He has stressed the importance of sustaining the democratic process, the commitment to the peace process, social awareness and inclusion of bigger role for ethnic groups and women in Nepali society. He remains a highly influential within a party. Mr. KC has also stated democratizing the party within, the need to institutionalize the party and to work in a collective leadership. His prior experience in positions of power makes him a very popular within Nepali Congress. Mr. KC is also known to be one of an excellent oratory, articulative and intelligent leader. KC is one of the senior leader that has continuously voiced about Constitution drafting process should be moved ahead by concluding the Peace process.
Key roles held within the Nepali Congress party.
1) Joint General Secretary of Central Working Committee.
2) Spokesperson of Central Working Committee.
3) Member of Mahasamiti and Maha Adhibeshan.
4) Chief of Department of Publicity.
5) Chief of Department of International Relations.
6) Chief of Department of Professional and Intellectual.
7) Central Member of Democratic Socialist League Convened in Varanasi.

</doc>
<doc id="18595551" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18595551" title="Tomoaki Ōgami">
Tomoaki Ōgami

Tomoaki Ōgami (born June 7, 1970 in Hiroshima, Japan) is a Japanese former football player.
He finished his playing career with Avispa Fukuoka.

</doc>
<doc id="18595567" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18595567" title="Dell'Orto">
Dell'Orto

Dell'Orto is an Italian company, headquartered in Cabiate, specialized in the construction of carburetors and electronic injection systems. The company was founded in 1933 as "Società anonima Gaetano Dell'Orto e figli" (Gaetano Dell’Orto and Sons). Their first products were carburetors that came fitted as standard to new vehicles.
Shortly before the second world war they began producing carburetors with aluminum bodies for use in motorcycle racing.
At the beginning of the 1960s Dell'Orto was producing OEM carburetors 
for the Fiat group, as well as other Italian and foreign constructors (i.e.Flandria, Belgium). At the end of 1980s,
under the supervision of Luigi Dell'Orto (son of Gaetano), the company's first injection systems were released.
The company is today one of the worldwide leaders in the field of carburation and is present in the sport field as partner of
Gilera that participates in the Road Racing World Championship. It is also used in every Derbi, Aprilia and Yamaha 50cc model

</doc>
<doc id="18595580" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18595580" title="Jonas Pedersen">
Jonas Pedersen

Jonas Pedersen (20 September 1871 - 1953) was a Norwegian politician for the Liberal Party.
He was born in Stavanger. He enrolled as a law student in 1889, and graduated as cand.jur. in 1893. He moved to Northern Norway in 1895 and was acting district stipendiary magistrate ("sorenskriver") and stipendiary magistrate ("foged").
On the local political level he was a member of Vågan municipal council from 1901 to 1907, and then mayor from 1910 to 1913. From 1913 to 1921 he was County Governor of Nordland. He was acting County Governor from 1913, but formally appointed in 1916. In November 1921 he was appointed County Governor of Aust-Agder, assuming the position in March 1922. He left in January 1942, during the German occupation of Norway.
He was elected to the Norwegian Parliament in 1928 from the Market towns of Telemark and Aust-Agder counties. He sat only one term, but he had been deputy representative from 1913 to 1915.

</doc>
<doc id="18595591" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18595591" title="International Association of Geodesy">
International Association of Geodesy

International Association of Geodesy is an international organization of geodesists, founded in 1940. There are 4 commissions to IAG:

</doc>
<doc id="18595645" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18595645" title="Uzunlar">
Uzunlar

Uzunlar is a Turkish surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="18595648" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18595648" title="Pennsylvania House of Representatives, District 48">
Pennsylvania House of Representatives, District 48

The 48th Pennsylvania House of Representatives District is located in Washington County and includes the following areas:

</doc>
<doc id="18595653" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18595653" title="Hans Zehetmayer">
Hans Zehetmayer

Hans Zehetmayer (born April 28, 1909) is an Austrian boxer who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics.
In 1936 he was eliminated in the second round of the middleweight class after losing his fight to the upcoming bronze medalist Raúl Villarreal.

</doc>
<doc id="18595667" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18595667" title="Close Up Foundation">
Close Up Foundation

The Close Up Foundation is a nonprofit, nonpartisan educational organization in the United States. Founded in 1971 Close Up offers high school students an in-depth view of the democratic process, by interactive participation.
Participation.
Close Up offers students and teachers from all 50 states and American Samoa, Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands, Guam, Federated States of Micronesia, Republic of the Marshall Islands, Republic of Palau and the United States Virgin Islands to come to Washington, D.C. to attend Close Up's programs. These intensive programs help students understand the key roles that they, as ordinary citizens, play as active participants in the U.S. democratic system. Many schools send groups to Close Up every year. In addition, many students decide to attend on their own or with friends. Programs are offered year-round, including summer.
The high school student program is five days and five nights and features meetings with elected officials on Capitol Hill, structured learning activities at Washington's monuments and memorials, and the chance to "live and learn" with students from other schools nationwide.
The middle school student program is five days and four nights and helps students learn first hand the lessons history can teach about good citizenship today.
Teachers and administrators who choose to bring groups of students attend an accelerated adult-learning program that includes study of some of Washington's not so well known memorials and monuments and that provides a forum for educators to share best practices with peers.
Close Up also offers a unique program for New Americans, specialized programs for Native Americans, Teaching American History (TAH) programs for teachers, and a host of theme-based programs that enable participants to benefit from Washington's seasonality. It also offers customized programs for teachers who want to "pick and choose" content to match their school curriculum and degree of difficulty.
A typical day might start as early as 7:00 a.m. and end at 10:00 p.m. Tuition for most programs is all-inclusive and covers room, board, in-town travel, supervision, security and more.
More than 800,000 have participated in the program.
Outreach.
Close Up also serves thousands of teachers and students nationwide though its mix of classroom-based learning tools such as publications, lesson plans, TV shows and videos. Its flagship publication is "Current Issues". "Current Issues" is an annual textbook that provides insightful coverage of public policy topics. Its pro-con format is known for stimulating debate among students and for helping students appreciate multiple points of view.
Notable Alumni.
Ten current Members of Congress are Close Up alumni, including:
Former Members of Congress
Other Government Officials

</doc>
<doc id="18595668" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18595668" title="Peder Tonning">
Peder Tonning

Peder Tonning (1782–1839) was a Norwegian politician.
He was the son of the wealthy merchant Ole Tonning in Stryn, but moved to Aalesund. When local government was introduced in Norway in 1837, Tonning became the first mayor of the city.
He was elected to the Norwegian Parliament in 1814 and 1830, representing the constituency of "Romsdals Amt" (today named Møre og Romsdal). He was also a deputy representative in 1821. He worked as postmaster.

</doc>
<doc id="18595671" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18595671" title="HMS Carcass (1759)">
HMS Carcass (1759)

HMS "Carcass" was an of the Royal Navy, later refitted as a survey vessel. A young Horatio Nelson served aboard her as a midshipman on an expedition to the Arctic in 1773.
Design and construction.
The "Infernal" class were designed by Thomas Slade. "Carcass" was ordered from Stanton & Wells, Rotherhithe on 21 September 1758 and launched on 27 January 1759, having been named over a week previously on 19 January. She was commissioned as a sloop at Deptford Dockyard on 27 June 1759, having cost £3,757.14.6d to build, and a further £2,144.8.1d spent on fitting out. 
Career.
"Carcass"’s first commander was Charles Inglis, who took her to join Admiral George Rodney's squadron in the English Channel. She was present at the bombardment of Le Havre on 3 July 1759, and the following year captured the 10-gun "Mercury" off La Rochelle. She was refitted in March 1760 for £531.15.1d, and again in 1761. She was recommissioned in January 1762 under the command of Lord William Campbell, before being refitted again, this time as a bomb vessel between February and March 1762. She came under the command of Robert Fanshawe in August 1762, before being paid off in 1763. A series of repairs and refits were carried out over the next two years, before "Carcass" was recommissioned in August 1765 under Captain Mark Pattison. Pattison sailed her to Jamaica in October 1765, and by September 1766 she was under Thomas Jordan. Further repairs at Deptford followed, before she was recommissioned in June 1771 under Commander Skeffington Lutwidge, serving in the Irish Sea. 
"Carcass" was paid off in April 1773, before undergoing a refit at Sheerness in preparation for an expedition to the Arctic. The refit cost £2,895.8.8d, and on its completion, she joined Constantine Phipps's expedition. Horatio Nelson was assigned to the "Carcass" as a midshipman, through the influence of his uncle, Maurice Suckling. They managed to reach within ten degrees of the North Pole, but were forced back by the ice, and returned to Britain in September 1773. By 1800 Lutwidge began to circulate a story that while the ship had been trapped in the ice, Nelson had seen and pursued a polar bear, before being ordered to return to the ship. Lutwidge's later version, in 1809, reported that Nelson and a companion had given chase to the bear, but on being questioned why, replied that "I wished, Sir, to get the skin for my father."
After the conclusion of the Arctic expedition, "Carcass" was again paid off, recommissioning again in January 1775 under Commander James Reid for service on the African coast. She was again paid off, in September that year, followed by another series of refits. She sailed to North America in May 1776 under Commander Robert Dring, who was succeeded by John Howorth in February 1777. After a period under the command of Thomas Barker, "Carcass" came under the command of Edward Edwards, who took her to the West Indies with William Hotham in 1780. She was under John Young, off the Leeward Islands by the end of 1780, and was paid off in December 1781. She was finally sold at Woolwich for £320 on 5 August 1784.

</doc>
<doc id="18595672" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18595672" title="Rufus Crawford">
Rufus Crawford

Rufus Crawford was a Canadian Football League running back who played for the Hamilton Tiger-Cats from 1979 through 1985. He broke the Canadian Football League yardage record which had stood for 28 years. He started his career in the NFL with the Seattle Seahawks.

</doc>
<doc id="18595675" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18595675" title="The Willow Tree (novel)">
The Willow Tree (novel)

The Willow Tree is a novel written by Hubert Selby, Jr. and was published in 1998. It was Selby's first novel in twenty years, since 1978's "Requiem for a Dream".
Plot summary.
The protagonist is a fifteen-year-old African American boy named Bobby who lives in an apartment in South Bronx with his mother and siblings. Despite his young age Bobby has intelligence that is advanced to most of the people around him. Bobby's Hispanic girlfriend Maria often spend time together and have plans for the upcoming summer. Bobby and Maria's lives are shattered when a vicious Hispanic street gang attack Bobby and Maria while the two were walking to school. Bobby and Maria are severely beaten and Maria is sent to the hospital suffering from near-fatal wounds. After Bobby is beaten he gets picked up by an old Holocaust survivor named Moishe and an unlikely friendship between Bobby and Moishe begins. Maria, unable to cope with the mutilation of her face caused by the lye, commits suicide. We hear Moishe talking about his tragic story while he was in a concentration camp, while Bobby tells Moishe what has happened to him and Maria. Bobby states that deep in his mind, he still has a desperate need for revenge.

</doc>
<doc id="18595682" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18595682" title="Bradda Head">
Bradda Head

Bradda Head is a rugged headland in the south-west of the Isle of Man, in the British Isles, rising to a height of . It shelters Port Erin Bay from the north.
There is a clifftop walk, the Coronation Footpath, up to the head and around the head via Milner's Tower. This was built in 1871 as a view tower in memory of William Milner of the then-famous Milner's Safe Co. Ltd., maker of fire-resistant safes and a local philanthropist. His tower is built in the shape of a key and lock. The Mourne Mountains of Ireland can sometimes be seen from the summit.
History.
Copper was quarried here in the Bronze Age. There is an ancient cairn on nearby Bradda Hill. An ancient coin hoard was found at Bradda Head in 1848. Prior to the Second World War, there was a thriving fishing trade in scallops taken off Bradda Head. There are disused mine workings on the headland, local documents show that mining took place from at least the 1650s until closure in 1874, by which time the shafts had been sunk far below sea-level.
Contemporary uses.
The site is popular with walkers, photographers and artists, and the "Kodak World's Best Photograph" was made here. C.W. Powell won £4,000 for the picture. The clear waters of the headland are also popular with scuba divers.

</doc>
<doc id="18595683" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18595683" title="CIT Sorel-Varennes">
CIT Sorel-Varennes

The CIT Sorel-Varennes (CITSV), formally the "Conseil Intermunicipal de Transport Sorel-Varennes", provides public transportation to the municipalities in the area northeast from Montreal along the right bank of the Saint Lawrence River in Quebec, Canada. The communities served by CITSV stretch downstream along Quebec Highway 132, from Varennes through Saint-Amable, Verchères, Contrecoeur, Saint-Roch-de-Richelieu to Tracy, Saint-Joseph-de-Sorel and Sorel. 
Services.
Services consist of eight bus routes running to the Longueuil terminal of AMT, which is part of the Longueuil–Université-de-Sherbrooke Metro complex.

</doc>
<doc id="18595687" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18595687" title="Gunnar Andreasen">
Gunnar Andreasen

Niels Henry Gunnar Andreasen (March 31, 1914 – February 4, 1996) was a Danish boxer who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Faxe and died in Copenhagen.
In 1936 he was eliminated in the second round of the middleweight class after losing his fight to Tin Dekkers.

</doc>
<doc id="18595694" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18595694" title="Tropidomantis tenera">
Tropidomantis tenera

Tropidomantis tenera or Tropidomantis (Tropidomantis) tenera is a species of praying mantis found in Thailand, Malaysia, Sumatra, Java, Flores, Sumba, Sulawesi, Borneo, and the Philippines. Females reach about 2.5  cm in length, and males are smaller. 

</doc>
<doc id="18595723" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18595723" title="Ralf Braun">
Ralf Braun

Ralf Braun (born 24 January 1973 in Berlin) is a retired backstroke swimmer from Germany, who competed for his native country at two consecutive Summer Olympics, starting in 1996 (Atlanta, Georgia). 
A member of Wasserfreunde Spandau 04 he is best known for winning the gold medal at the 1999 European Swimming Championships in the men's 200 m backstroke event. He also claimed the silver medal in the 4×100 m medley relay, two years earlier, alongside Jens Kruppa, Thomas Rupprath and Christian Tröger.

</doc>
<doc id="18595730" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18595730" title="Josef Hrubeš">
Josef Hrubeš

Josef Hrubeš (born September 26, 1916) is a Czech boxer who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics for Czechoslovakia.
In 1936 he was eliminated in the quarter-finals of the middleweight class after losing his fight to the upcoming gold medalist Jean Despeaux.

</doc>
<doc id="18595733" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18595733" title="Albuquerque tile factory">
Albuquerque tile factory

Albuquerque tile factory is a tile factory located currently at Hoige Bazaar, Bolar, Mangalore, Karnataka, India. It is the only tile factory whose tiles are recommended for Government buildings.
History.
The firm, A. Albuquerque & Sons, was established in 1868, by Alex Albuquerque Pai. It has since been passed down through the family for four generations of Albuquerque men. Presently, the factory is owned by George Albuquerque Pai.

</doc>
<doc id="18595737" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18595737" title="Dimethylphenylpiperazinium">
Dimethylphenylpiperazinium

Dimethylphenylpiperazinium (DMPP) is a nicotinic acetylcholine receptor agonist which is selective for the ganglionic subtype. One of the earliest reports on the pharmacology of DMPP, describing it as a ganglion-stimulating, hypertensive agent, came from Graham Chen and his co-workers at Parke, Davis & Co.

</doc>
<doc id="18595747" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18595747" title="Buckethead (disambiguation)">
Buckethead (disambiguation)

Buckethead (born 1969) is an American guitarist and songwriter.
Buckethead may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18595749" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18595749" title="Juan Bregaliano">
Juan Bregaliano

Juan Bregaliano (born November 22, 1911) is an Uruguayan boxer who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics.
In 1936 he was eliminated in the second round of the middleweight class after losing his fight to the upcoming gold medalist Jean Despeaux.

</doc>
<doc id="18595750" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18595750" title="Richard Crump">
Richard Crump

Richard Crump is a former Canadian Football League running back who played for three different teams from 1975 through 1981. For his career, Crump finished with 3,854 yards rushing and 200 pass receptions. Crump played in the USFL from 1983 through 1985 with the Boston Breakers, New Orleans Breakers and Orlando Renegades where he rushed for 1,167 yards. Crump led the Breakers in 1983 with 990 yards rushing.

</doc>
<doc id="18595755" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18595755" title="Roger Duchesne">
Roger Duchesne

Roger Duchesne (27 July 1906, Luxeuil-les-Bains, Haute-Saône – 25 December 1996) was a French film actor. He appeared in 30 films between 1934 and 1957, but is best remembered for playing the lead in "Bob le flambeur" (1956).

</doc>
<doc id="18595762" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18595762" title="Une éducation manquée">
Une éducation manquée

Une éducation manquée ("An Incomplete Education") is an opérette in one act and nine scenes by Emmanuel Chabrier. The French libretto was by Eugène Leterrier and Albert Vanloo. Composed in 1878-79, the work, which is set in the 18th century, is in a lively, light operetta style in which Chabrier excelled and had perfected in "L’étoile" a year or so earlier. It was much admired by Ravel, Hahn and Messager, among others.
Performance history.
The ‘opérette’ was first performed on 1 May 1879 as part of an evening’s entertainment organized by the ‘Cercle international’ in the Boulevard des Capucines, with piano accompaniment by Chabrier himself. It was revived in March 1910 in Monte Carlo and on 9 January 1911 at the Théâtre des Arts conducted by Gabriel Grovlez. In December 1918 Jane Bathori mounted the piece at the Théâtre du Vieux-Colombier. The 1924 Paris production by Diaghilev, designed by Juan Gris and conducted by André Messager, had recitatives by Darius Milhaud to replace the spoken dialogue. Milhaud also composed an aria for Hélène based on a melody he found among Chabrier’s unpublished manuscripts, "Couplets de Mariette". 
The first performance at the Paris Opéra-Comique, conducted by Roger Désormière, was on 24 March 1938, and it reached its 50th performance there in April 1946. It has occasionally been revived, though sometimes with Gontran transposed for a tenor.
Synopsis.
The overture quotes from “Lorsque le ciel”, the letter song and “Faisons-nous petits”.
Act 1.
"Scene 1 and 2"
Arriving directly from their (teenage) wedding, the young Count Gontran and his wife Hélène, are both expecting some adult advice from their relations. Their annoyance is interrupted by the arrival of Pausanias, Gontran’s tutor.
Slightly tipsy, Pausanias explains in song “Ce vin généreux” that the Vin de Roussillon was to blame – he had ended by drinking twelve glasses. Then Pausanias explains although Hélène’s aunt is ready to see her, as Gontran’s grandfather is ill he can’t come to talk to the young man, but has sent a letter instead.
"Scene 3"
Alone, Gontran reads the letter (in song) which ends by saying that there is nothing Gontran’s grandfather can teach him… Gontran hastily pens a letter to Pausanias, asking him to return and give him wedding-night advice.
"Scene 4"
Hélène enters, and it turns out that her aunt’s advice was simply to be kind and obedient to her husband. In a duet “Eh bien, ma chère” they exchange a kiss but realize that there must be something more to being husband and wife…
"Scene 5 and 6"
Alone again, Gontran gets more irritated, as Pausanias arrives back, hinting that he might be interrupting something? But Gontran complains that Pausanias was engaged to teach him all that a man should know about life. In a buffo duo “Après vous avoir saturé d’hébreu”, Pausanias rejects this, insisting that he has taught Gontran Hebrew, Hindu, algebra, chemistry, Greek, trigonometry, metaphysics, therapeutics, mechanics, dialectics, aesthetics, statistics, mythology, metallurgy, …and so on. Gontran rebuts "no, a thousand times, that’s not enough!" Finally, Pausanias admits that he doesn’t know – he is too busy, and it wasn’t on the curriculum. But he promises to find out and return immediately.
"Scene 7 and 8"
Gontran curses his tutor, but, as a storm gathers, confesses his frustrated feelings “Lorsque le ciel”; as thunder sounds Hélène rushes into the room her nightdress undone, and explains that she is really frightened of thunder. Gontran is struck by how attractive she looks and tells her the best way to remain calm in a storm is to come closer and hold hands. As their duo “Faisons-nous petits” takes flight they get closer still and kiss more and more – and find the answer to their question.
"Scene 9"
But they are interrupted as Pausanias returns. Gontran orders him out - asking the indulgence of the audience. After a quick reprise of the previous duo the curtain falls.

</doc>
<doc id="18595782" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18595782" title="Abbas Ekrami">
Abbas Ekrami

Dr.Abbas Ekrami () is a former Iranian football manager. He was founder of Shahin F.C..

</doc>
<doc id="18595783" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18595783" title="Isabelle Corey">
Isabelle Corey

Isabelle Corey (29 May 1939 - 6 February 2011) was a French actress and model.
Corey started modeling in Paris in her teens for magazines such as "Jardin des Modes", "Elle" and "Madame Figaro". 
She was discovered in the Latin Quarter where she lived with her parents by Jean Pierre Melville and was offered the lead in his classic film noir, "Bob le flambeur". 
Following parts in such films as "And God Created Woman" (directed by Roger Vadim and with Brigitte Bardot), she continued her film career in Italy where she settled in Rome, to work with producers, directors and actors like Mauro Bolognini, Vittorio De Sica, Marcello Mastroianni, Alberto Sordi, Dino De Laurentiis, Roberto Rossellini, Martine Carol and many more.

</doc>
<doc id="18595790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18595790" title="Jimmy Clark (boxer)">
Jimmy Clark (boxer)

James G. "Jimmy" Clark Atkinson (February 26, 1914 – September 12, 1994) was an American boxer who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Norfolk, Virginia.
In 1936 he was eliminated in the quarter-finals of the middleweight class after losing his fight to Henryk Chmielewski.

</doc>
<doc id="18595797" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18595797" title="Cross-training (business)">
Cross-training (business)

Cross-training in business operations involves training employees to engage in quality control measures. Employees are trained in tangent job functions to increase oversight in ways that are impossible through management interactions with workers alone.
Advantages.
Other advantages include

</doc>
<doc id="18595802" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18595802" title="St Nicholas Priory">
St Nicholas Priory

The Benedictine Priory of St Nicholas or just St Nicholas Priory was a Benedictine monastery founded in Exeter, England, in 1087. At the dissolution of the monasteries the church and chapter house range were pulled down but the domestic buildings were left intact. Parts of the south and west ranges of the monastery survive with the south range now being a museum owned by Exeter City Council.
History.
In 1068 William the Conqueror laid siege to Exeter, where the mother of Harold Godwinson, whom he had just defeated in the Battle of Hastings, was living. After her hasty departure William gave the church of St Olave at Exeter to Battle Abbey. Monks, who were sent from Battle to administer the church and its possessions, set about building a monastery with its own church, which was dedicated to Saint Nicholas in 1087. In the 12th and 13th centuries the Priory gathered gifts of land and property and new monastic buildings were erected as funds permitted. Hospitality was built into the monastic rule and a guest house or wing was essential within a monastery. The monks provided hospitality for pilgrims and other travellers and accommodation for important guests.
The Priory had a very important and lively life within the city until the dissolution of the smaller monasteries by King Henry VIII in 1536, when the monks were pensioned off and their church and cloisters were pulled down. The remaining buildings and precinct were then sold by the Crown. Between 1575 and 1602 the building was turned into an impressive Elizabethan town house. After that the building became subdivided into houses and businesses. Between 1820 and 1913 the Priory was divided into five lots of premises and all were given entrance doors and new windows. Exeter Corporation bought the Priory in 1913 in order to restore it to show its original monastic architecture. It was opened to the public as a small museum three years later. Repairs and reinterpretation were undertaken in 2007 with funding from the HLF and Renaissance. During the 2007 development, the Priory was partially restored to how it looked when it was a wealthy Tudor merchants house with methods used at the same period 500 years ago. Then, at the beginning of 2009, the priory had further maintenance, which was carried out by Sub-Lime Renovations.
Museum.
As of 1916, the priory has been used as a museum. It is currently furnished as an Elizabethan town house, home of the wealthy Hurst family, in 1602. It has replica furniture and it is painted in the bright colours used in the Elizabethan period. It gives an insight into Tudor life from Exeter's collection of artefacts. It has been enhanced with modern amenities such as toilets and a gift shop. It is open from 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. on Saturdays and from Monday to Saturday during the British school holidays.

</doc>
<doc id="18595807" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18595807" title="Kyapanak">
Kyapanak

Kyapanak may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18595827" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18595827" title="Anthropic units">
Anthropic units

The phrase anthropic units is used with different meanings in archaeology, in mensuration and in social studies.
In archaeology.
In archaeology anthropic units are strata or deposits of material containing a high proportion of man-made detritus. For example: 
In mensuration.
Following the coinage of the term "anthropic principle" by Brandon Carter in 1973–4, units of measurement that are on a human scale are occasionally referred to as "anthropic units", as for example here: 
In social studies.
In fields of study such as sociology and ethnography, anthropic units are identifiable groupings of people. For example: 
and: 

</doc>
<doc id="18595828" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18595828" title="MAB1 Armorflame">
MAB1 Armorflame

The MAB1 Armored Flame is Michael Angelo Batio's self-designed signature guitar, manufactured by Dean in 2007.
History.
A prototype of the MAB1 was first given to Batio in 2007, which he used at clinics and live shows, before it was mass produced and available to pre-order in 2008. The first batch were issued by Dean in July 2008, and Batio personally autographed and numbered the first 100 on July 14 at the Dean headquarters in Tampa, Florida. The MAB1 was not fitted with Batio's signature "Hands Without Shadows" pickup, as production of the guitar had already begun before it was completed.

</doc>
<doc id="18595834" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18595834" title="Jean De Schryver">
Jean De Schryver

Jean Albert De Schryver (born 7 March 1916) is a Belgian boxer who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics.
In 1936 he was eliminated in the second round of the middleweight class after losing his fight to Henryk Chmielewski.

</doc>
<doc id="18595838" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18595838" title="David Nichtern">
David Nichtern

David Nichtern is an American songwriter and television composer, soundtrack artist and Buddhist teacher.
Biography.
Nichtern is the son of broadway producer Claire Nichtern, the first female Tony award winner. He began his career as a professional musician during his college years at Columbia University, having begun practicing music at age eight. He served as director of sales for the New England Digital Corporation in the 1980s. He is the founder of music-marketing company Nudgie Music LLC, and its divisions Dharma Moon and 5 Points Records. He wrote the song "Midnight at the Oasis".
He has his own world/fusion band, Drala and has also released a solo record entitled "From Here To Nichternity", which features five cuts that were originally cues on "One Life to Live", in addition to an instrumental duet of "Midnight at the Oasis" featuring Michael Brecker. David Nichtern is also a member of The Beyman Bros, an instrumental trio featuring Nichtern, Christopher Guest and C.J. Vanston.
Beginning in 1970, Nichtern became a student of the Shambhala Buddhist tradition of Tibetan Buddhism, and was taught by the founder, Chogyam Trungpa Rinpoche. Nichtern has since become a senior teacher. He is married to Cyndi Lee, a yoga teacher who founded the OM yoga center in New York City, with whom he has created a DVD package on yoga, "OM Yoga & Meditation Workshop". The couple also teaches yoga internationally. Nichtern is the director of expansion for Shambhala Training, having previously worked as the director of the Karme Choling Meditation Center in Vermont.
5 Points Records.
5 Points Records is a privately held label based in New York City founded by David Nichtern. Its sister companies include the world-lifestyle label Dharma Moon, the custom label 5 Points V.I.P. and the music publishing company Nudgie Tunes.
The label's first release, the first installment of the Rare Elements series, brought together an eclectic mix of talent that involved original works by acclaimed musician Ustad Sultan Khan being remixed by a variety of modern artists, including Thievery Corporation, Joe Claussell, Nickodemus And Osiris and others.
Their next release - "Still Life" by Kodomo - is a collection of minimal electro tracks representing a set of photos Kodomo took while traveling in Italy, Japan the US, China, etc. The album is due out October 7, 2008. 
Other upcoming releases include the 2nd installment of their Rare Elements series featuring remixes of Omar Faruk Tekbilek by Amon Tobin, Junior Sanchez, Tommie Sunshine, Flosstradamus, and more.
Awards and nominations.
Nichtern has been nominated for ten Daytime Emmy awards from 2000 to 2006, in the category "Outstanding Achievement in Music Direction and Composition for a Drama Series", for his work on "One Life to Live" and "As the World Turns". He won the award in 2000, for "One Life to Live", 2001 for "As the World Turns", and 2005 for "One Life to Live". He has also been nominated for a Grammy award.
His first DE nomination was shared with Sybil Costello, Pamela Magee, James Kowal, Gary Deinstadt, Robert Bard, Billy Barber, Earl Rose, Rick Rhodes, Robert Sands, Ed Dzubak, Kevin Bents Jamie Lawrence, and Bette Sussman. His first win was shared with Paul Glass, Jamie Howarth, Dominic Messinger, Kevin Bents, Lee Holdridge, Bette Sussman, and Rob Mounsey.

</doc>
<doc id="18595841" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18595841" title="Armenian Patriarchate of Jerusalem">
Armenian Patriarchate of Jerusalem

The Armenian Patriarchate of Jerusalem also known as the Armenian Patriarchate of St. James ( , literally "Apostolic See of St. James in Jerusalem") is located in the Armenian Quarter of Jerusalem. The Armenian Apostolic Church is officially recognised under Israel's confessional system, for the self-regulation of status issues, such as marriage and divorce. 
Archbishop Nourhan Manougian, Grand Sacristan and Patriarchal Vicar of the Patriarchate, was elected as the 97th Armenian Patriarch of Jerusalem on January 24, 2013. Manougian succeeds Archbishop Torkom Manoogian, who died on October 12, 2012 after serving 22 years as the 96th Armenian Patriarch of Jerusalem. The Patriarch, along with a Synod of seven clergymen elected by the St. James Brotherhood, oversees the Patriarchate's operations. 
As a result of the persecution of Armenians by Turkey during World War I, the Armenian population of Jerusalem reached 25,000 people. But political and economic instability in the region have decimated the number. In 2001, there were about 2,500 Armenians living in Jerusalem, most of them living in and around the Patriarchate at the St. James Monastery, which occupies most of the Armenian Quarter of the Old City. A few thousand live in Jaffa, Haifa and Nazareth, and only a handful in the Palestinian Territories. Most Armenians living previously in the West Bank, have left the country.
In Jerusalem the Armenian community continues to follow the Julian calendar, unlike the rest of the Armenian Church and other Eastern Orthodox Churches which follow the Revised Julian calendar.
History.
In 638, after Saint Sophronius died and the Greeks did not appoint another bishop for Jerusalem, the Armenian Apostolic Church began appointing its own bishops for Jerusalem. The office has continued, with some interruptions, down to this day. The Bishops were later elevated in stature and became Patriarchs. The bishop at the Armenian Patriarchate of Jerusalem is given the title of "Patriarch" in deference to Jerusalem's holy status within Christianity; however, the Armenian Patriarch is under the ecclesiastic authority of the Catholicos of Armenia and of All Armenians.
After the end of the Crusader period, the Armenian Patriarchs sought to establish good relations with the Muslim rulers. The Armenian Patriarch Sarkis I (1281–1313) met the Mamleuke governor in Egypt and subsequently returned to his community in Jerusalem, hoping to usher in a period of peace for his people after the Crusades. In the 1340s the Armenians were permitted to build a wall around their quarter. The Mameluke government also engraved a protective declaration in Arabic on the western entrance to the quarter.
The Armenian quarter in this period kept creating "facts on the ground" by the constant small expansions and solidifications. In the 1380s Patriarch Krikor IV built a priests' dining room across from the St. James Cathedral. Around 1415 the olive grove near the Garden of Gethsemane was purchased. In 1439, Armenians were removed from the Golgotha chapel, but the Patriarch Mardiros I (1412–1450) purchased the “opposite area” and named it second Golgotha. This remains in the Patriarch's possession to this day.
At times, the Armenian Patriarchate of Jerusalem became politicized by struggles within the Armenian Church. The Armenian Patriarchate, due to its proximity to the Holy places and isolation from the main Armenian population, played an important role in the schism that began to affect the Armenian leaderships in Constantinople and Etchmiaddzin (seat of the Armenian church). Significantly Bishop Eghiazar assumed the Armenian Patriarchate of Jerusalem and in 1644 declared himself for a short period of time as "Catholicos" ("Leader") of all the Armenian church.
In the 17th century, the Armenians were allowed after much pleading to enlarge the St. James Monastery. At the same time the Armenian Patriarch Hovhannes VII purchased a large parcel of land south of the St. James Cathedral, called “Cham Tagh”. By 1752 the Patriarchate was busy renovating the entire quarter, and in 1828 further renovations took place after an earthquake. In 1850 the seminary complex at the south end of the St. James convent was completed.
In 1833, the Armenians established the city’s first printing press, and opened a theological seminary in 1843. In 1866, the Armenians had inaugurated the first photographic studio and their first newspaper in Jerusalem. In 1908, the Armenian community built two large buildings on the north-western side of the Old City, along Jaffa Street.
As the Armenian diaspora spread throughout Europe and America, wealthy Armenians donated generously for the prosperity and continuity of the Patriarchate. The oil magnate and philanthropist Calouste Gulbenkian came to endow the Gulbenkian Library in the Armenian quarter that was named in gratitude in his name, today holding one of the great collection of ancient Armenian manuscripts including endless copies of the various Firmens, Ottoman edicts that granted the quarter protection and rights under Muslim rule. 
By the 1920s, most of the Armenian quarter had “European style gable roofs” as opposed to the domes preferred in the Muslim quarter. In 1922 Armenians made up 8% of Jerusalem’s Christians, bringing their total number to about 2,480 people. It is also noted that non-Armenians found comfort in the protection of the walled Armenian "compound". In the 1930s and 1940s, the Armenian quarter saw further renovations.
The end of World War II brought also the division of Mandate Palestine and the establishment in 1948 of Israel. The numbers of Armenians residing at the time in the Holy Land totaled about 8,000. The Armenians who lived in Haifa and Jaffa, which became part of Israel, got the Israeli citizenship; whereas the huge majority of Palestinian Armenians lived in the Armenian Quarter, and the Armenian Patriarchate and its properties came under Jordanian rule. 
The Armenian community was further reduced after the 1967 Six-Day War and occupation, with many emigrating to Jordan and some to Europe and the United States, leaving around 2,000-3,000 in Jerusalem and the West Bank.
The Patriarchate Complex.
The Armenian Patriarchate of Jerusalem is the home of the Brotherhood of the St. James, a monastic order of the Armenian Apostolic Church with about 60 members worldwide. Within the compound of the Patriarchate, also lie the private residences of 2,000-3,000 Armenian families. 
This residential enclave was, at one time, the largest single compound that housed Armenian pilgrims, and represented the demographic and spiritual core of the newly established colony.
The compound of the Patriarchate, which enforces a strict curfew of 10 p.m. when the massive doors are closed and locked until the early morning, also houses the administrative offices and residences of the Patriarch and the clergy. It also comprises:
Other branches of the Patriarchate located within the compound include:
Facilities.
Printing press and media.
The Patriarchate also runs a printing press, the first to be established in Jerusalem, which has now become a modern, state-of-the-art facility capable of undertaking commercial color printing. This was the first facility within the Armenian compound to adopt the concept of computerization on a dedicated scale. 
The official organ of the Patriarchate is the long-running periodical "Sion" (in Armenian Սիոն) named after the Armenian name of Mount Zion. The student in the seminary also publish their own official organ "Hay Yerusaghem" (in Armenian Հայ Երուսաղէմ meaning the Armenian Jerusalem)
Medical services / Clinic.
Medical services against a symbolic fee are provided at a clinic donated by the Jinishian Medical Fund. 
Free meals to the aged and invalid pensioners and indigent members of the community are also provided.
Jurisdiction outside the Patriarchate complex.
The Patriarchate enjoys a semi-diplomatic status and is one of the three major guardians of the Christian Holy Places in the Holy Land (the other two are the Orthodox and Latin Patriarchates). Among these sites under joint control of the Armenian Patriarchate and other churches, chapels and holy places are:
The Armenian Patriarchate also has jurisdiction over the Armenian Apostolic (Orthodox) communities in Palestine, Israel and Jordan. The Armenian churches with full jurisdiction are: 

</doc>
<doc id="18595850" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18595850" title="Benito Totti">
Benito Totti

Benito Totti (May 10, 1914 – 1940) was an Italian boxer who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics.
In 1936 he was eliminated in the second round of the middleweight class after losing his fight to Adolf Baumgarten.

</doc>
<doc id="18595855" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18595855" title="Alvin Walker">
Alvin Walker

Alvin "Skip" Walker (b:) is an American former professional football player, football coach and teacher. Walker was a Canadian Football League (CFL) running back who played for the Montreal Alouettes and Ottawa Rough Ridersin the 1980s. He was a CFL All-Star in 1982 and 1983. His brother Cornelius Walker also played for the Rough Riders.
Playing career.
Walker played university football for Texas A&M. Walker was drafted by the Houston Oilers but was cut at training camp. Walker worked as a teacher and continued to work out. In 1980, Walker moved to Canada to play for the Saskatchewan Roughriders but was traded to the Montreal Alouettes before the season began. Walker played two seasons for Montreal, but was traded to Ottawa when Montreal signed David Overstreet. Walker joined Ottawa in 1982 and played three seasons for Ottawa. He led the CFL in rushing yards in 1982 and 1983. In 1983, Walker set the Riders single-season rushing record with 1431 yards.
After retirement, Walker returned to Texas. Walker was a coach and science teacher at Murchison Middle School (Austin, Texas) in the late 1980s and early 1990s.

</doc>
<doc id="18595864" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18595864" title="Muteesa">
Muteesa

Muteesa (variably spelled Mutesa or Mutessa) may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18595877" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18595877" title="Bolbena hottentotta">
Bolbena hottentotta

Bolbena hottentotta, common name hottentot mantis, is a species of praying mantis found in Angola, Kenya, and Namibia. It is a tiny mantis species in which nymphs are only about long and adult females grow to only long. This species has recently been introduced to cultivation but are still very rare and are raised by only a handful of breeders.

</doc>
<doc id="18595887" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18595887" title="Adolf Baumgarten">
Adolf Baumgarten

Adolf "Adi" Baumgarten (born Hamburg, May 3, 1915 – died in Nevel, Pskov Oblast, Russia, October 2, 1942) was a German boxer who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics.
In 1936 he was eliminated in the quarter-finals of the middleweight class after losing his fight to the upcoming silver medalist Henry Tiller. Furthermore, he won a silver medal himself at the 1942 European Amateur Boxing Championships in January of that year.

</doc>
<doc id="18595901" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18595901" title="Namacurra-class harbour patrol boat">
Namacurra-class harbour patrol boat

The "Namacurra" class patrol boats are a class of patrol boat currently in service with South Africa, Namibia, and Mozambique.
Introduction into service.
Built in South Africa between 1980-81 these boats can also be transported by road. One was transferred to Malawi in October 1988, two to Namibia in 2002 and two to Mozambique in September 2004.
Operations.
These boats are in use with the harbour patrol forces in Cape Town, Port Elizabeth and Durban. There are also used, nominally by the Operational Boat Squadron, until new boats can be procured. Several have been built and transferred to allied navies in the region.
Crewing.
The boats have an optimal crew of four and a maximum of five.

</doc>
<doc id="18595911" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18595911" title="Swimming at the 1997 European Aquatics Championships – Women's 4 x 100 metre freestyle relay">
Swimming at the 1997 European Aquatics Championships – Women's 4 x 100 metre freestyle relay

The final of the Women's 4x100m Freestyle Relay event at the European LC Championships 1997 was held on Thursday 21 August 1997 in Seville, Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="18595921" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18595921" title="Wrestling at the 1984 Summer Olympics – Men's freestyle 62 kg">
Wrestling at the 1984 Summer Olympics – Men's freestyle 62 kg

The Men's Freestyle 62 kg at the 1984 Summer Olympics as part of the wrestling program were held at the Anaheim Convention Center, Anaheim, California.
Tournament results.
The wrestlers are divided into 2 groups. The winner of each group decided by a double-elimination system. 

</doc>
<doc id="18595922" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18595922" title="Giurtelecu">
Giurtelecu

Giurtelecu may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18595932" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18595932" title="Alfred Flury">
Alfred Flury

Alfred Flury (born November 23, 1914) is a Swiss boxer who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics.
In 1936 he was eliminated in the first round of the middleweight class after losing his fight to Adolf Baumgarten.

</doc>
<doc id="18595954" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18595954" title="WEMR">
WEMR

WEMR (98.7 FM) is a radio station located in Pleasant Gap, Pennsylvania.
History of the 98.7 Frequency.
Prior to July 2008, this frequency was occupied by WSGY, a repeater of Froggy 98 from Altoona, Pennsylvania.
It originally was licensed to Mill Hall, PA as WZRZ. Engineer Jack (Jay) Kennedy found this available frequency and put it on the air, playing an assortment of formats. Then, in 1997, Sabatino Cupelli purchased the license and hired Sam Jordan to program the station. Mr. Jordan studied the market and decided to do a Classic Rock format and positioned the station as "Rock 98.7" and also programmed Pittsburgh Pirates baseball, NFL Football, and high school sports on the station.
Later on, the station was sold to Forever Broadcasting and the license eventually moved to Pleasant Gap under the call letters of WLTS-FM. Throughout Forever's ownership, the station carried a Smooth Jazz Format under the calls WSMO as well as Adult Rock as WQWK and Country as WSGY. The station was later sold again to 2510 Associates who also operate State College stations WBHV-FM (B94.5) and WOWY 97.1 and is broadcast a soft A/C format programmed by Nick Ferrara using the handle 98.7 Wish-FM. The Wish Wake-Up Show was hosted by State College Radio Vet Ruth O'Brien.
On August 18, 2011, WWSH changed their format to mainstream rock, branded as "Eagle 98.7" under new call letters, WEMR. Their current lineup is the "Morning Drive" with Wentz and The Drive Home "Overdrive" with Shannon.

</doc>
<doc id="18595955" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18595955" title="Sultanabad (disambiguation)">
Sultanabad (disambiguation)

Sultanabad () may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18595956" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18595956" title="Edward Peltz">
Edward Peltz

Edward "Eddie" William Max Peltz (16 December 1916 – 1969) was a South African boxer who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics.
In 1936 he was eliminated in the first round of the middleweight class after losing his fight to the upcoming silver medalist Henry Tiller.

</doc>
<doc id="18595957" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18595957" title="Hally Wood">
Hally Wood

Hally Wood (September 29, 1922 - July 22, 1989) was an American musician and singer.
Biography.
Wood was born Harriet Elizabeth Wood in Washington, D.C., in 1922. She was the daughter of a U.S. Army doctor.
Wood was a classically trained musician/singer who became vitally interested in folkmusic; as musicologist transcribed a number of Lomax field recordings (getting words & notes down on paper), transcribed/researched a book of Leadbelly songs (see TRO publishers), Woody Guthrie songs, The New Lost City Ramblers Songbook (later renamed Old-Time Stringband Songbook; see Oak), worked on a book in Houston, Texas (with the publisher, Joseph Lomax-nephew of Alan) on collection of songs written by Townes Van Zandt (entitled "for the sake of the song", Wings Press, Houston, Texas; copyright 1977. Wood is credited in the preface with "musical proof-reading and lyrics corrections." ).
Singing career.
As a singer she had two solo albums in early 1950s (Stinson "Hally Wood Sings Texas Folksongs"; Elektra "Oh Lovely Appearance of Death"), appeared on several concert/compilation albums, sang in concerts with Pete Seeger, Leadbelly, Woody Guthrie, Jean Ritchie, & others in the NYC area, including a concert at Carnegie Hall on Saturday, December 21, 1957 with Sonny Terry and Dave Sears.
In '79-80 brought out a self-produced album "Songs to Live By" in Houston, and was beginning work on another in the mid-80s but was diagnosed with cancer; from late '50s thru early '70s lived in Río Piedras, Puerto Rico; did some work there helping produce concerts & other things this informant not familiar with. She was married to the broadcaster, writer and activist , the first of his three wives.

</doc>
<doc id="18595961" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18595961" title="Young Corbett II">
Young Corbett II

Young Corbett II (born William J. Rothwell on October 4, 1880 Denver, Colorado and died on April 10, 1927) is a boxer who held the world featherweight championship. He was He took the name "Young Corbett II" in honor of James J. Corbett, a heavyweight champion.
Pro career.
Corbett became a professional boxer in 1896 and was undefeated in his first 13 fights with a record of 9-0-3-1. In 1901, Corbett defeated George Dixon for the Western featherweight title in Denver, Colorado. In his next fight, Corbett faced world featherweight champion Terry McGovern in Hartford, Connecticut. Corbett knocked out McGovern in the second round and took the title. He defended the title four times, including a rematch against McGovern, which Corbett also won by knockout. During this time he also engaged in a number of non-title matches, including one against Young Erne and two against Jimmy Briggs, both of which Corbett won.
During this time there is some dispute as to Corbett's claim on the featherweight title. Corbett had trouble making the featherweight limit of 126 pounds, and some sources claim he relinquished his title and moved to the lightweight division in December 1902. Abe Attell then claimed the featherweight title. Other sources show that Corbett defended his featherweight title at weights above 126 pounds with Attell defending the title at 126 pounds.
Regardless, Corbett continued to fight. He met future world champion Battling Nelson in two consecutive fights in 1904 and 1905, losing both by technical knockout. He then met old nemesis Young Erne in two more fights in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. The first fight they fought to a draw. The second fight Corbett lost by decision. 
He had a mixed record over the five years remaining in his career. Aurelio Herrera knocked him out in 1906, Harlem Tommy Murphy defeated him via decision, but he defeated Young Erne by decision in 1907. His last fight was in 1910.
Honors.
Corbett was posthumously inducted into the 2010 International Boxing Hall of Fame.

</doc>
<doc id="18595968" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18595968" title="Nutritious Rice for the World">
Nutritious Rice for the World

Nutritious Rice for the World is a World Community Grid research project in the field of agronomy led by the Samudrala Computational Biology Research Group at the University of Washington. It was launched on May 12, 2008. The objective of this project is to predict the structure of proteins of major strains of rice. The intent is to help farmers breed better rice strains with higher crop yields, promote greater disease and pest resistance, and utilize a full range of bioavailable nutrients that can benefit people around the world, especially in regions where malnutrition is a critical concern.
Determining the structure of proteins is an extremely difficult and expensive process. Though it is possible to computationally predict a protein's structure from its corresponding DNA sequence, there are thousands of distinct proteins found in rice. This presents a computational challenge that a single computer cannot solve within a reasonable timeframe.
Once that the entire rice genome had been sequenced, the effort shifted to identifying genes that are involved in increased yield, disease resistance and nutritional value. This problem is made more difficult because very few cereal plants have been sequenced, and therefore, many of the rice genes do not resemble any genes of known function. The Computational Biology Research Group at the University of Washington developed the Protinfo software, which can produce protein structures at a fraction of the cost and time.
Protinfo is being used to create three-dimensional models of the tens of thousands of rice proteins. These models are then used to predict the function of each protein and to understand the role of the gene that encodes it. The models, and any analysis resulting from examining them, will be housed at the Bioverse database and webserver, which is a comprehensive framework to relate molecules such as proteins and DNA to an organism's pathways and systems.
Volunteers' computers on World Community Grid will run the Protinfo software to create models of all proteins encoded by the rice genome whose structure can be predicted reliably. These models will be analyzed to choose the best ones. From the resulting structures, prediction tools will determine the function of each protein and the role of the gene that encodes it. Using the power of Protinfo, World Community Grid will initially examine over 10,000 genes, and produce 100,000 models per gene.
Eventually, the structures of 30,000 to 60,000 proteins will be studied. Generating one billion models on the 320 CPU cluster at the Computational Biology Research Group was anticipated to take about 30 years to accomplish; however, using World Community Grid took only about two years working at 167 TFLOPS. The distributed computing function was suspended in April 2010 while in-house analysis of results continues. The DC function will resume when funding is secured for further phases.
The resulting knowledge base will hopefully lead to the development of improved hybrids of rice strains with higher yield, greater disease and pest resistance, and a full range of bioavailable nutrients. This knowledge can also be extended to other food crops such as wheat and maize.
System Requirements.
The project has minimum system requirements that the computer that does calculations for the project must comply to, which include:

</doc>
<doc id="18595984" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18595984" title="Mitzi Shore">
Mitzi Shore

Mitzi Shore (née Saidel) founded the Los Angeles comedy club, The Comedy Store. Mitzi Shore took over operation of The Comedy Store in 1973.
Her former husband, Sammy Shore, is also a comedian. Pauly Shore is their son.

</doc>
<doc id="18595996" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18595996" title="It's Only Love (Rita Coolidge album)">
It's Only Love (Rita Coolidge album)

"It's Only Love" is a 1975 album by Rita Coolidge and was released on the A&M Records label.

</doc>
<doc id="18596002" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18596002" title="Star of the Republic Museum">
Star of the Republic Museum

The Star of the Republic Museum, in Washington, Texas, USA is the only museum in the state created specifically to collect and interpret the culture and history of the Republic of Texas from 1836-1846. Within the Museum's two floors of exhibits, visitors can learn about the history of the time period through media experiences, as well as informative exhibits.
Location.
The Star of the Republic Museum is one of three sites located within the Washington on the Brazos State Historic Site in Washington, Texas. The historic site is located in Washington County off of Highway 105. Coming from Brenham take Highway 105 east , then turn right on FM 912 to the historic site, or coming from Navasota take Highway 105 west , then turn left on FM 1155 to the historic site.
Mission.
The Star of the Republic Museum was created by the Texas Legislature and is administered by Blinn College as a cultural and educational institution. Its purpose is to collect and preserve the material culture of the Texas Republic (1836–1846) and to interpret the history, cultures, diversity, and values of early Texans. The Museum strives to inspire interest, understanding and appreciation of Texas heritage for students, teachers, scholars, and the general public through exhibits, tours, programs, web activities, and outreach. (approved by the Blinn College Board of Trustees, 2007)
History.
In 1969 the State of Texas created the Star of the Republic Museum through House Bill No. 634, of the Sixty-First Legislature. The Museum officially opened on Texas Independence Day, March 2, 1970 and was transferred from the State Parks and Wildlife to Blinn College, located in Brenham, Texas. In 1972 the Star of the Republic Museum received one of the highest honors in the museum field by achieving accreditation from the American Alliance of Museums. As an accredited facility, the Museum is certified in adhering to the standards set forth by the museum profession, providing quality service to the public, and maintaining the collections in a responsible manner. Of the approximate 8,500 museums in the nation, only around 800 are accredited. In 1992 the Museum began a long-range plan for major facility renovations. The plans included renovations to the building, a building addition, and a fund raising campaign to renovate the Museum's exhibits. Through the efforts of this plan, The Republic of Texas exhibition was finished in 2002. This permanent exhibit allows visitors to view over 1,000 objects from the collection depicting the culture of early 19th century Texas.
Hours/Price.
The Museum is open to the public seven days a week, from 10:00 a.m.-5:00 p.m. It is closed on Thanksgiving Day, and from December 23 through January 1. The price of admission for the Museum is $4 per adult and $2 per student. Children 6 and under are admitted free.
Annual events.
"Texas Independence Day Celebration"
The largest event for the entire park is the Texas Independence Day Celebration. This celebration occurs every year on the weekend closest to March 2, the actual anniversary of Texas Independence. During the celebration weekend visitors are able to tour all the sites in the park free of charge. While visiting the sites, individuals can also enjoy costumed interpreters, special performances, and a variety of demonstrators relating to the Republic time period.
"Fireworks on the Brazos"
Another large event for the Museum, as well as the park, is the Fourth of July celebration. On this day visitors are welcome to visit the museum until 6:00 p.m.; regular admission prices apply. Other activities during this event include 1850s children's games and activities, a live concert, and free Blue Bell and Coca Cola products. The event is brought to an end with a wonderful display of fireworks, simulcast to patriotic music.
Exhibits.
The Museum's exhibits are displayed on two floors, the first of which is in the shape of a five-point Texas star and the second floor in a pentagon shape. The exhibits on the first floor present a chronological history of early Texas, beginning with the first Texans, the Native Americans, and continuing to the Texian soldiers who fought for independence. Intriguing artifacts on the first level include: The Reading of the Texas Declaration of Independence, a 1936 painting of the men who signed the Texas Declaration of Independence and the Lone Star Flag, the oldest known Texas flag from the period of 1839-1846. The second floor exhibits depict the social and multicultural history of the 1830s and 1840s. Through impressive design, the exhibits portray the daily life practices of the Republic settlers. The second level's attractions include: a simulated riverboat trip down the Brazos River and an observation deck to view the of the historic site.
References.
Star of the Republic Museum

</doc>
<doc id="18596006" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18596006" title="Twomey">
Twomey

Twomey is a surname of Irish origin, and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18596009" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18596009" title="28th General Assembly of Nova Scotia">
28th General Assembly of Nova Scotia

The 28th General Assembly of Nova Scotia represented Nova Scotia between 1882 and 1886.
Angus McGillivray was chosen as speaker for the house.
The assembly was dissolved on May 20, 1886.
List of Members.
Notes:

</doc>
<doc id="18596040" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18596040" title="Yagya Bahadur Basnyat">
Yagya Bahadur Basnyat

Yagya Bahadur Basnyat was a Nepalese politician. He was appointed Minister of Health & Local Self Development in the government formed by Sir Mohan Shamsher Jang Bahadur Rana after King Tribhuvan's return to the throne on February 18, 1951. In a cabinet reshuffle on June 10, 1951, he was named Minister of Health. This cabinet lasted until November 1951.

</doc>
<doc id="18596043" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18596043" title="Fulford Place">
Fulford Place

Fulford Place is the start of the 20th century mansion home of Senator George Taylor Fulford, a Canadian businessman and politician. The home is now a historic house museum reflecting Edwardian period decorations, and is operated by the Ontario Heritage Trust. It was designated a National Historic Site of Canada in 1992.
History.
The Fulfords had a mansion built for them in Brockville, Ontario on the shore of the St. Lawrence River where several other beautiful estates were located, many of which were owned by other successful businesspeople. In 1898, Fulford commissioned their estate to be built on the King’s Highway, on the eastern edge of Brockville. Architect A.W. Fuller from Albany, New York, designed Fulford Place and it was elaborately decorated in the Beaux-Arts style. It was finished in 1901, and had 35 rooms making up 20 000 square feet. Since Fulford was an important figure in both the political world and the business scene, entertaining was one of Fulford Place’s primary functions. The house thus contains a grand hall, a dining room to seat over fifty guests, a spacious verandah, and a rococo-style drawing room for the ladies and a Moorish smoking room adjacent to a billiard room for the gentlemen. 
Notably, the grounds at Fulford Place were designed by the Olmsted Brothers, and the recently restored formal Italianate garden is a rare and important example of a privately owned Olmsted-designed garden.
The property was reduced to three of its original when George Taylor Fulford II was forced to section off prime lots of real estate to sell in order to afford the maintenance of the house. He remained proprietor of Fulford Place until his death, when he bequeathed it to the Ontario Heritage Foundation (now Ontario Heritage Trust). All of its original contents were later donated by his widow and his son, George Taylor Fulford III.
Museum.
The Trust did extensive restoration on the house, and opened it to the public as a historic house museum in 1993. It has been interpreted to how it looked in the Edwardian era; this was done relatively accurately because of the existence of early photographs of rooms (taken for insurance purposes) and a collection of original artefacts (not reproductions). The opulent and lavishly furnished mansion has been designated a National Historic Site of Canada, and is a major tourist attraction in the Brockville area. 
The Museum is affiliated with: CMA, CHIN, and Virtual Museum of Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="18596050" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18596050" title="Questions of History">
Questions of History

Questions of History (Russian: Вопросы истории, "Voprosy Istorii") is a Russian academic journal for historical studies. It is published monthly by the Institute of General History of the Russian Academy of Sciences. The journal covers both Russian and world history.
The current publication started as two separate journals. The first publication, "Istorik-Marksist" () was published from 1926 to 1941. The second publication, begun in 1931, was known as "Borba Klassov" (), but in 1937 changed its name to "Istoricheskii Zhurnal" (). "Istorik-Marksist" was merged into "Istoricheskii Zhurnal" in 1941. In 1945 the journal's name was changed to the current "Voprosy Istorii".
In 1957 the Russian historian Édourd Burdzhalov was dismissed as deputy editor of the journal after he published an article about the Bolshevik's confusion following the February Revolution in 1917.

</doc>
<doc id="18596053" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18596053" title="MiWi">
MiWi

MiWi and MiWi P2P are proprietary wireless protocols designed by Microchip Technology that uses small, low-power digital radios based on the IEEE 802.15.4 standard for wireless personal area networks (WPANs). It is designed for low data transmission rates and short distance, cost constrained networks, such as industrial monitoring and control, home and building automation, remote control, low-power wireless sensors, lighting control and automated meter reading.
The MiWi protocols are supported on certain Microchip PIC and dsPIC microcontrollers. When developing for these platforms, proprietary SDKs and hardware development tools, such as the ZENA wireless packet sniffer, may be used.
Protocols.
Microchip has released two application notes which present technical information on MiWi. These are not primarily protocol specifications and more than half of these documents are focused on implementing the MiWi protocol on Microchip microcontrollers.
As of 2009, interoperable third party implementations have not appeared. Unless they do, it will not be clear if those specifications are complete or accurate enough to serve roles other than supporting Microchip's code or being one more proprietary example of a lightweight WPAN stack. Many developers trying to use WPAN technologies have observed that Zigbee seems undesirably complex. Accordingly, there exists a technical niche for a simpler protocols, of which MiWi is a proprietary example.
Software.
On the PIC platform, the MiWi protocol stacks are small foot-print alternatives (3K-17K) to ZigBee (40K-100K), which makes them useful for cost-sensitive applications with limited memory. Although the MiWi software can all be downloaded for free from its official website, there exists a unique restriction and obligation to use it only with Microchip microcontrollers.
The MiWi P2P protocol stack supports star and peer-to-peer wireless-network topologies, useful for simple, short-range, wireless node-to-node communication. Additionally, the stack provides sleeping-node, active-scan and energy-detect features while supporting the low-power requirements of battery-operated devices.
Hardware.
In 2008, Microchip released a 2.4 GHz wireless transceiver module that is compatible with certain Microchip PIC and dsPIC microcontrollers (the Microchip MRF24J40MB), and can be used in production devices. Being ZigBee compliant, and capable of communicating using MiWi wireless protocols, it is based on the IEEE 802.15.4 Wireless PAN standard. Designed only for low-data rates and being low-cost, it has an integrated PCB antenna. The module is regulatory-agency certified for the USA (Federal Communications Commission (FCC)), Canada (Industry Canada) and Europe (ETSI), and would save money for small and medium project designers, by eliminating the need to receive independent FCC certification for their wireless products.
The Microchip ZENA (or formerly, Zigbee Enhanced Network Analyzer) is a wireless packet sniffer and network analyzer following the IEEE 802.15.4 specification on the 2.4 GHz band. The ZENA analyzer supports both the ZigBee and MiWi protocols. Accompanying software can analyze network traffic and graphically display decoded packets. It can also display the network topology and the messages as they flow through the network. With the provided key of the network, data on encrypted MiWi networks can be sniffed and viewed as well.

</doc>
<doc id="18596089" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18596089" title="List of TVB series (1990)">
List of TVB series (1990)

This is a list of series released by or aired on TVB Jade Channel in 1990.
Third line series.
These dramas aired in Hong Kong from 8:40pm to 9:10pm, Monday to Friday on TVB.
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18596115" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18596115" title="Swimming at the 1997 European Aquatics Championships – Women's 4 x 200 metre freestyle relay">
Swimming at the 1997 European Aquatics Championships – Women's 4 x 200 metre freestyle relay

The final of the Women's 4x200m Freestyle Relay event at the European LC Championships 1997 was held on Tuesday 1997-08-19 in Seville, Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="18596125" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18596125" title="Naradmuni Thulung">
Naradmuni Thulung

Naradmuni Thulung was a Nepalese politician, belonging to the Nepali Congress. In November 1951 he became Minister of Local Self-Development in the cabinet of Matrika Prasad Koirala. He held the position until August 1952. He also served as Defence minister and acted as Prime Minister during Matrika P Koirala's premiership. Thulung became the chairman of the Royal Land Reform Commission. Under Thulung's chairmanship the commission suggested introduction of land limits, tenancy and agriculture loans. These reforms were, however, not implemented.

</doc>
<doc id="18596140" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18596140" title="Alfredo Mantica">
Alfredo Mantica

Alfredo Mantica (born July 17, 1943 in Rimini) is an Italian politician. He is a member of the National Alliance party (PdL). He became Under-Secretary for Foreign Affairs in the cabinet of Silvio Berlusconi on May 12, 2008.
Career.
Mantica is married and is the father of two children. He earned a degree in Economics from the Sacro Cuore Catholic University of Milan in 1967. Besides Italian, he is also fluent in French and English.
Mantica was elected to the Senate of the 10th Legislature on the Movimento Sociale Italiano-Destra Nazionale (Italian Social Movement–National Right) Party ticket in 1987 in the Milan 3 constituency. Re-elected to the Senate of the 13th Legislature on 21 April 1996 in the Lombardy 14 constituency (Monza). Re-elected to the Senate of the 14th Legislature on 13 May 2001 in the Lombardy 14 constituency (Monza). Re-elected to the Senate of the 15th Legislature on 9 April 2006 in the Lombardy constituency. Re-elected to the Senate of the 16th Legislature on 13 April 2008 in the Lombardy constituency.
Institutional posts and parliamentary activities.
10th Legislature: member of the Italian Social Movement Group, member of the Finance and Treasury Committee and member of the Council for European Community Affairs.
Member of the 10th Standing Committee (Industry, trade, tourism). 
10th and 13th Legislatures: Member of the 5th Standing Committee (Budget). 
10th and 13th Legislatures: Member of the 6th Standing Committee (Finance and Treasury). 
13th Legislature: Acting Vice Chairman of the Alleanza Nazionale (National Alliance) Party.
Chairman of the Consultative Committee of both Houses on tax registry surveillance. 
Member of the Parliamentary Commission of Inquiry into terrorism in Italy and the failure to identify the perpetrators of attacks. 
14th Legislature: Appointed Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs (2nd Berlusconi government), with special responsibility for the Mediterranean and Middle East, Africa and Cooperation.
15th Legislature: Member of the 3rd Standing Committee (Foreign Affairs and Emigration)
Vice Chairman of the 3rd Standing Committee (Foreign Affairs and Emigration)
Member of the Special Committee for the protection and promotion of human rights 
16th Legislature: Appointed Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs (4th Berlusconi government) 12 May 2008, with special responsibility for bilateral relations with the countries of Europe and the former Soviet countries of Asia and the Caucasus; relations with the institutions of the EU; exercising the presidency of the National Committee for the Promotion of Italian Culture Abroad; general policy regarding Italian communities abroad and their integration and rights; enhancement of the role of Italian business enterprises abroad; and coordination of initiatives aimed at the reinforcement and rationalisation of the consular network.
Duties.
Within the scope of the political directives issued by the Minister, will assist the Minister in matters concerning: 

</doc>
<doc id="18596146" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18596146" title="Phil Wilson (hurler)">
Phil Wilson (hurler)

Phil Wilson (born 1939 in Ballyhogue, County Wexford) is a retired Irish sportsperson. He played hurling at various times with his local clubs Ballyhogue
, Oylgate-Glenbrien and Rapparees and with the Wexford senior inter-county team from 1961 until 1974.
Playing career.
Club.
Wilson began his club hurling career with the Ballyhogue club before later moving to Oylgate-Glenbrien. Here he enjoyed his first success by winning a senior county title in 1963. Wilson later moved to the newly formed Rapparees club in Enniscorthy where he won a second county title in 1978.
Inter-county.
Wilson first came to prominence on the inter-county scene with the Wexford senior team in 1961. He made his debut that year, however, Wexford were defeated by Kilkenny in the Leinster final.
In 1962, Wilson tasted success for the first time when he captured a first Leinster medal as Kilkenny fell by 3-9 to 2-10. A second All-Ireland final meeting with Tipperary in two years beckoned for Wexford and Wilson. The Leinster men got off to a bad start as Tom Moloughney and Seán Moloughney scored two goals for Tipp inside the first minute. Wexford fought back and the game remained level for most of the rest of the match. Jimmy O'Brien scored a remarkable goal from all of seventy yards to even up the game again. It was not enough for Wexford as Tipperary won the game by 3-10 to 2-11.
Wexford were outclassed in Leinster for the next two years, however, 1965 saw Wilson add a second provincial medal to his collection as arch-rivals Kilkenny fell once again. Yet again Wexford faced Tipperary in the All-Ireland final. Of all their meetings in recent years this proved to be the most one-sided. Tipp won easily with two unorthodox hand-passed goals by Seán McLoughlin. Tipp also scored seven unanswered points in the last quarter to win the game by 2-16 to 0-10. Wilson won his only All-star this year.
In 1967, Wilson played a key role in helping Wexford to capture the National Hurling League title. The following year he won his third Leinster title. Kilkenny, who were the reigning All-Ireland champions, were accounted for in the provincial decider on a score line of 3-13 to 4-9. For the fourth time of the decade Wexford subsequently faced Tipperary in the All-Ireland final with the Munster men leading by two victories to one. Wilson, however, had never ended up on the winning side. At half-time it looked as if Tipp were cruising to another victory as they took an eight-point lead. Just after the restart Wexford had a Christy Jacob goal disallowed before Tony Doran scored a goal after just six minutes. Tipp fought back; however, it was too late as Wexford won by 5-8 to 3-12. It was Wilson’s first All-Ireland medal.
In a similar pattern to previous years Wexford lost their provincial crown the year after reaching the All-Ireland final. Wilson, however, won a fourth Leinster medal in 1970 as All-Ireland champions Kilkenny fell in the provincial final. Galway were defeated in the penultimate game of the championship, setting up an All-Ireland final meeting with Cork, Wexford’s nemesis at underage levels. For the first time ever the final would be contested over eighty minutes instead of the usual sixty. The game itself was an exciting affair with a record sixty-four scores and eleven goals in all, however, Wilson did not make the starting fifteen. After a free-flowing game Cork emerged victorious by 6-21 to 5-10.
Wilson played in his next Leinster final in 1971. The Kilkenny team of that era, a team often described as the greatest of all-time, provided the opposition on that occasion. In fact, it was the first of five successive defeats at the hands of Kilkenny in Leinster finals for Wexford. In spite of a lack of success in the championship Wilson collected a second National League medal as a substitute in 1973. He retired from inter-county hurling at the start of 1974.
Provincial.
Wilson also lined out with Leinster in the inter-provincial hurling competition. He first played for his province in 1964 as Leinster defeated Munster to take the Railway Cup. Wilson added further Railway Cup medals to his collection in 1965 and 1972.

</doc>
<doc id="18596149" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18596149" title="2008 Nordea Nordic Light Open">
2008 Nordea Nordic Light Open

The 2008 Nordea Nordic Light Open was a tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts. It was the 7th edition of the Nordea Nordic Light Open, and was part of the Tier IV Series of the 2008 WTA Tour. It took place in Stockholm, Sweden, from July 28 through August 3, 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="18596173" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18596173" title="Double diamond">
Double diamond

Double diamond may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18596181" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18596181" title="Huddersfield Rugby Union Football Club">
Huddersfield Rugby Union Football Club

Huddersfield Rugby Union Football Club is an English rugby union team situated in Huddersfield, West Yorkshire, England. The club plays in the domestic National League 3 North. The club also competes in the Yorkshire Cup competition and play its home matches at Lockwood Park, which has a capacity of 1,500 with seating for 500.
History.
Rugby football was first played in Huddersfield in 1869 and the club established in 1870. 
Matches were initially played at the Rifle Field in Trinity Street and then, with the amalgamation of the St John's Cricket Club, at Fartown from 1879.
Huddersfield was playing in the top ranks of English clubs when, in August 1895, the town hosted the a meeting at the George Hotel and was one of the 20 clubs that resigned from the Rugby Union to set up The Northern Rugby Football Union, which allowed players to be compensated for 'Broken Time.' This meant they could claim for wages lost by playing on Saturdays. They were not allowed to make a living from the game - they were not 'professional.' A new club was re-formed and named Huddersfield Old Boys in 1909. 
The club's first ground was at the United Cricket Club in Luck Lane with changing facilities at the Croppers Arms.
World War I blew the whistle on the sport and games were not restarted until 1919 on a ground at Salendine Nook initially before the club took a lease on land at Waterloo. It was here that the club established their current colours of white, claret and gold.
A stand was built and changing rooms completed for exclusive rugby use a luxury in those days. But the ground was plagued with drainage problems and another move was contemplated. In the event it was decided to buy the ground outright for £700 and invest in drainage. In 1935 £370 was invested in a new pavilion and bar and ladies were welcomed to a hitherto male bastion and they themselves began the tradition of aftermatch tea making. By 1964 the original pavilion was falling to bits and a new one, costing £11,000, was officially opened by Huddersfield's then MP J P W Mallalieu, himself a former Oxford Blue.
In 1946 the club changed their name to Huddersfield Rugby Union Football Club. 
The club sold part of its Waterloo property for £1.4 million to W Morrison's to help fund the purchase of the former brewery estate at Lockwood Park from Bass in 1996 to create a major sports complex backed by a £1.84 million Sport Council lottery grant.
The club won the Yorkshire Cup in 2011 for the first time in its history, beating Hull RUFC 25-18 at York RUFC. The Huddersfield team which won the cup in 1890 was the direct antecedent of the Huddersfield Giants and is unconnected to the current Huddersfield RUFC.
Associated clubs.
As well as being a rugby club Huddersfield RUFC also has clubs based at Lockwood Park catering for hockey, squash, road running, Aussie rules football and a bowling club that boasts arguably the finest green in Yorkshire. Tucked away within the huge clubhouse is the Borough Club for the town's serious snooker players.
Lockwood Park.
Lockwood Park is the home of Huddersfield RUFC and is a multi sports complex with a capacity of 1,500 (with seating for 500). It is also the home of Huddersfield Dragons Hockey Club, Huddersfield Road Runners AC, HRUFC Bowling Club, Malcolm Pickup Academy Squash and the Borough Club which offers snooker facilities in the town.
Notable players.
The following players have appeared in a Yorkshire Cup (T'owd Tin Pot) final, or are county, or international representatives before/during/after their time at Huddersfield RUFC

</doc>
<doc id="18596194" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18596194" title="List of Presidents of India by longevity">
List of Presidents of India by longevity

This is a list of Presidents of India by age. This table can be sorted to display the Presidents by name, order of office, date of birth, age at inauguration, length of retirement, or lifespan.
Two measures of longevity are given; this is to allow for the differing number of leap days occurring within the life of each President. The first figure is the number of days between date of birth and date of death, allowing for leap days; in parentheses the same period given in years
and days, with the years being the number of whole years the President lived, and the days being the remaining number of days after his last birthday. Where the president in question is still living, the longevity is calculated up to .
Overview.
The median age of accession is roughly 71 years and 8 months, which falls between Prathiba Patil and A.P.J. Kalam. The youngest President to assume office was Neelam Reddy, who was inaugurated at the age of 64 years, 67 days. The oldest President to assume office was K.R. Narayanan, who was inaugurated at the age of 76 years, 271 days.
The oldest living president is A.P.J. Kalam, born 15 October 1931 (aged ). The youngest living president is the incumbent (and only other living president), Pratibha Patil, born 19 December 1934 (aged ).
The longest-lived president was Ramaswamy Venkataraman, who died at the age of 98 years, 54 days. The next in line to tie this is A.P.J. Kalam, who will tie Venkataraman if he is still alive on 8 December 2029. The shortest-lived president was Fakhruddin Ahmed, who died at the age of 71 years, 274 days.

</doc>
<doc id="18596202" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18596202" title="Chin Kuai-Ti">
Chin Kuai-Ti

Chin Kuai-Ti (, born June 6, 1915, date of death unknown) was a Taiwanese boxer who competed for the Republic of China in the 1936 Summer Olympics.
In 1936 he was eliminated in the first round of the middleweight class after losing his fight to Richard Shrimpton.

</doc>
<doc id="18596206" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18596206" title="List of tools to create Live USB systems">
List of tools to create Live USB systems

This is a list of utilities for creating Live USB.
Overview.
Multiboot means that the tool allows multiple systems on the USB stick, as well as a bootloader on the USB stick to choose which system to load at boot time.

</doc>
<doc id="18596209" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18596209" title="Ditte Jensen">
Ditte Jensen

Ditte Christiane Jensen (born October 25, 1980 in Birkerød, Hovedstaden) is a former freestyle swimmer from Denmark, who represented her native country at the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta, Georgia. 
A member of swimming club Idrætsforeningen Skjold she is best known for winning the bronze medal at the 1997 European Championships (LC) in the women's 4×200 m freestyle, alongside Britt Raaby, Berit Puggaard, and Mette Jacobsen. She was the youngest member (15 years, 271 days) of the Danish delegation at the 1996 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="18596236" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18596236" title="Angus McGillivray">
Angus McGillivray

Angus McGillivray (January 22, 1842 – ) was a lawyer and political figure in Nova Scotia, Canada. He represented Antigonish County in the Nova Scotia House of Assembly as a Liberal member from 1878 to 1891 and from 1895 to 1902.
He was born in Bailey's Brook, Pictou County, Nova Scotia, the son of John McGillivray of Scottish descent, and moved to Antigonish with his parents while still young. He was educated at Saint Francis Xavier University. McGillivray was called to the Nova Scotia bar in 1874. In 1878, he married Maggie McIntosh. He served as speaker for the assembly from 1883 to 1886. McGillivray was defeated when he ran for election in 1894. He was elected in an 1895 by-election held after Colin Francis McIsaac was elected to the House of Commons. McGillivray ran unsuccessfully for a seat in the House of Commons in 1887 and 1891.

</doc>
<doc id="18596246" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18596246" title="International Council for Canadian Studies">
International Council for Canadian Studies

The International Council for Canadian Studies is a federation of twenty-one national and multi-national Canadian Studies associations and six associate members in thirty-nine countries. Established in 1981, the Council operates in both Official Languages of Canada. The establishment of the Council was subsequent to an international conference on Canadian Studies, organized by the Association for Canadian Studies in conjunction with the Annual General Meeting of the Learned Societies of Canada, held that year in Halifax, Nova Scotia. The mandate of the Council is "to promote worldwide scholarly study, research, teaching and publication about Canada in all disciplines and all countries."
It sponsors Canadian studies conferences in other countries.

</doc>
<doc id="18596255" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18596255" title="Wang Yunlan">
Wang Yunlan

Wang Yunlan (, born May 28, 1913, date of death unknown) was a Taiwanese boxer who competed for the Republic of China in the 1936 Summer Olympics.
In 1936 he was eliminated in the first round of the light heavyweight class after losing his fight to Wim Fock.

</doc>
<doc id="18596263" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18596263" title="Russian detainees at Guantanamo Bay">
Russian detainees at Guantanamo Bay

The United States Department of Defense acknowledges holding nine
Russian detainees in Guantanamo.
However, the actual number of Russian citizens in Guantanamo remains unclear.
Several men known to have been held in Guantanamo are missing from the official list.
One citizen of Uzbekistan is listed as a Russian.
A total of 778 detainees have been held in extrajudicial detention in the Guantanamo Bay detention camps, in Cuba since the camps opened on January 11, 2002
The camp population peaked in 2004 at approximately 660. Only nineteen new detainees, all "high value detainees" have been transferred there since the United States Supreme Court's ruling in Rasul v. Bush. 

</doc>
<doc id="18596266" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18596266" title="Anne Poulett">
Anne Poulett

The Honourable Anne Poulett (11 July 1711 – 5 July 1785), fourth son of John Poulett, 1st Earl Poulett, was a British Member of Parliament who represented the borough of Bridgwater in the House of Commons for sixteen years until his death in 1785. He received his unusual first name in honour of Queen Anne, who was his sponsor at his baptism.
He initially stood for election at Bridgwater in 1768, and although he was initially declared defeated the result was reversed on petition the following year. He was returned unopposed in 1774 and headed the poll at contested elections in 1780 and 1784. Throughout his career he was generally a supporter of Lord North, though occasionally voting against him.
In 1780 he presented to St Mary's Church in Bridgwater a magnificent 17th-century painting of "The Descent from the Cross", apparently captured when a Spanish warship was taken a prize. The artist is unknown, although it has been controversially attributed to Murillo. The picture is now used as the altarpiece of the church.

</doc>
<doc id="18596270" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18596270" title="Britt Raaby">
Britt Raaby

Britt Biltoft Raaby (born January 20, 1978 in Guldager, Esbjerg) is a former freestyle swimmer from Denmark, who represented her native country at the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta, Georgia. 
A member of swimming club Hjerting Idrætsforening she is best known for winning the bronze medal at the 1997 European Championships (LC) in the women's 4×200 m freestyle, alongside Ditte Jensen, Berit Puggaard, and Mette Jacobsen.

</doc>
<doc id="18596273" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18596273" title="Princess Flavia">
Princess Flavia

Princess Flavia is an operetta in three acts, with book and lyrics by Harry B. Smith and music by Sigmund Romberg, based on "The Prisoner of Zenda" by Anthony Hope. It was originally entitled “A Royal Pretender” (see image). 
Produced by Lee Shubert and J. J. Shubert, the Broadway production, opened on November 2, 1925 at the Century Theatre and then moved to the Shubert Theatre for a total run of 152 performances. The cast included Douglass R. Dumbrille, John Clarke, Margaret Breen, and Evelyn Herbert and over 130 others.

</doc>
<doc id="18596274" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18596274" title="Antonio Adipe">
Antonio Adipe

Antonio R. Adipe Marrone (born April 24, 1912) is an Uruguayan boxer who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics.
In 1936 he was eliminated in the second round of the light heavyweight class after losing his fight to Thomas Griffin.

</doc>
<doc id="18596275" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18596275" title="Adolph Althoff">
Adolph Althoff

Adolph Althoff (1913–1998) was a German circus owner, animal tamer and performer who saved several people from the Holocaust by having them work and travel in his circus. A member of a 300-year-old circus family, Althoff and his story are featured in a book about Germans who saved Jews from the Holocaust ("Other Germans Under Hitler" by Herbert Straeten). The events of his rescue during World War II are also dramatized in a 1998 Showtime TV-movie entitled "Rescuers: Stories of Courage: Two Families".
Althoff warned the people he rescued with the code "Go Fishing." In 1995 he was named one of The Righteous among the Nations, an Israeli honor.
He was born into the family in Sonsbeck, Germany. At age 17 he became publicity director for his families of the circus. In his twenties Althoff and his sister formed their own circus, of which he was its ringmaster for 30 years. In 1940, Althoff began five years work in concealing four members of the Bento performing family in his circus. Althoff provided the Bentos with false identity papers and had the family working under pseudonyms.

</doc>
<doc id="18596284" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18596284" title="Miss Dominican Republic 1965">
Miss Dominican Republic 1965

Señorita República Dominicana 1965 was held on February 20, 1965. There were 26 candidates who competed for the national crown. The winner represented the Dominican Republic at the Miss Universe 1965. Only the 25 province and 1 municipality entered. On the top 10 they showed their evening gown and answered questions so they could go to the top 5. In the top 5 they would answer more questions.

</doc>
<doc id="18596291" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18596291" title="In Search of the Castaways (film)">
In Search of the Castaways (film)

In Search of the Castaways is a 1962 Walt Disney Productions feature film starring Hayley Mills and Maurice Chevalier in a tale about a worldwide search for a shipwrecked sea captain. The film was directed by Robert Stevenson from a screenplay by Lowell S. Hawley based upon Jules Verne's 1868 adventure novel "Captain Grant's Children". The film was Mills' third of six for the Disney Studios.
Plot.
In company with her younger brother Robert (Keith Hamshere), and her elderly yet young-at-heart friend Professor Jacques Paganel (Maurice Chevalier), teenage Mary Grant (Hayley Mills) journeys to Glasgow to persuade the comically brave Lord Glenarvan (Wilfrid Hyde-White) to rescue her shipwrecked father, Captain John Grant (Jack Gwillim). The expedition sets sail and ventures halfway around the world, to both South America and New Zealand, respectively. The party suffers many assorted perils including an earthquake, a flood, a fire, an attack by a giant condor and an erupting volcano before finding and rescuing Captain Grant. A subplot involves a gunrunner named Thomas Ayerton (George Sanders), who is a treacherous former crew-member of Captain Grant's ship, and responsible for his disappearance. Another subplot involves a budding romance between young Mary Grant and Lord Glenarvan's handsome and loyal son John (Michael Anderson, Jr.).
Musical numbers.
Songs composed by the Sherman Brothers include "Castaway", "Merci Beaucoup", "Let's Climb (Grimpons)", and "Enjoy It", with an orchestral arrangement of "Castaway" serving as the film's overture.
Reception.
"In Search of the Castaways" was a commercial hit. It grossed $18,415,385 domestically, earning $5 million in US theatrical rentals. At the worldwide box office, the film earned $21,745,500. In the US, it was the 3rd highest grossing film of 1962.
It was one of the 12 most popular movies at the British box office in 1963.
It currently holds a 66% audience rating on Rotten Tomatoes.
Awards and nominations.
The film placed third in the 1963 Golden Laurel Top Male Musical Performance (Chevalier) and was nominated for the Golden Laurel Top Action Drama.
Other adaptations of Verne's novel.
Verne's tale has seen two Russian film adaptations (1936, 1985) and a Spanish operetta.

</doc>
<doc id="18596294" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18596294" title="2008 Nordea Nordic Light Open – Singles">
2008 Nordea Nordic Light Open – Singles

Agnieszka Radwańska was the defending champion, but lost in the semifinals to Caroline Wozniacki. 
Caroline Wozniacki won in the final 6–0, 6–2, against Vera Dushevina.

</doc>
<doc id="18596300" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18596300" title="Joseph Tomelty">
Joseph Tomelty

Joseph Tomelty (5 March 1911 – 7 June 1995) was a Northern Irish character actor and playwright. He worked in film, television, radio and on the stage, starring in Sam Thompson's 1960 play "Over the Bridge".
Early life.
Joseph Tomelty was born in Portaferry, the eldest of seven children. His father was known as 'Rollickin' James' for his skill on the fiddle. He left his local primary school aged 12 and was apprenticed to the trade of housepainter, his father's trade. He moved to Belfast and attended classes at Belfast Technical College.
Career.
Tomelty first acted with St Peter's Players and with others in 1937 and 1938 took part in discussions which led to the formation of the Northern Ireland Players on a more professional basis. Radio plays "Barnum is Right" and "Elopement" were broadcast in December 1938 and February 1939 respectively. The Northern Ireland Players chose the stage version of Barnum is Right for their first major commercial venture at the Empire in June 1939. In 1940 the Northern Ireland Players joined forces with the Ulster Theatre and the Jewish Institute Dramatic Society to form the Group Theatre, and in 1942 Tomelty became its general manager remaining in the post until 1951. His play, "Idolatry at Innishargie", enjoyed a short run at the Group Theatre in 1942, but "The End House", a controversial political play, did not even appear there. The play dealt with, what he described as 'the inhumanity that resulted from the Special Powers Act'. It was however performed at the Abbey Theatre in Dublin in 1944. Meanwhile his career as a character actor had rapidly developed and a successful stage and film career was underway. In 1948 he was commissioned by the BBC in Belfast to write the weekly radio comedy drama series "The McCooeys". This radio series lasted for seven years with Tomelty writing 6,000 word scripts for each episode. He continued to write plays, including his masterpiece, and a modern Irish theatre classic, "All Souls' Night" in 1948. In England in 1954 he suffered a car accident and, while he recovered, he was never as productive again.
Family.
His brother, Peter Tomelty, was a tenor and recording artist. His daughter, Frances Tomelty, is an actress and the first wife of singer and musician Sting. His daughter, Roma Tomelty, is also an actress.

</doc>
<doc id="18596303" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18596303" title="Berit Puggaard">
Berit Puggaard

Berit Raith Puggaard (born December 11, 1972 in Copenhagen, Hovedstaden) is a former freestyle and butterfly swimmer from Denmark, who represented her native country at the 1992 and 1996 Summer Olympics. She also won the bronze medal at the 1997 European Championships in the 4x200m Freestyle, alongside Ditte Jensen, Britt Raaby, and Mette Jacobsen.

</doc>
<doc id="18596308" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18596308" title="Ceratomantis saussurii">
Ceratomantis saussurii

Ceratomantis saussurii is a species of praying mantis native to Myanmar, Thailand, and Borneo.

</doc>
<doc id="18596322" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18596322" title="Kaji Manik Lal Rajbhandari">
Kaji Manik Lal Rajbhandari

Bada Kaji Manik Lal Rajbhandari (born 1880, date of death unknown) was a Nepalese politician. He served as Minister for Public Works, Communication, Law & Parliamentary Affairs, Health and Local Self Governance in the Advisory Council government from the August 1952 till the June 1953.
Kaji Manik Lal Rajbhandari was the father of Late Mananiya Shree Ganapat Lal Rajbhandari and Late Mrs.Manik Laxmi Amatya.
Education.
Bada Kaji Manik lal Rajbhandari holds the Distinction of being the First Graduate of Nepal. He obtained his Degree in Bachelor of Arts from the St.Xavier's College affiliated with the University of Calcutta,in the year 1906.
History.
He is mentioned in Tribhuwan's Political Experiments Chapter as one of the Councilor in the Royal Councilor's Government of 1952-53, in the book Democratic Innocations in Nepal.
Personal life.
He is believed to be amongst the firsts to own a car in Nepal.The model was identified as the Austin.He also brought one of the first cinema projectors, wireless gramophones, typewriters, microscopes, and telescopes to Nepal.
The Residence used by the Late Bada Kaji Manik Lal Rajbhandari is located in Kwalkhu,Mangalbazar in Lalitpur district of Kathmandu Valley and has recently been named as THE GRADUATE CENTENARY HOUSE,in honour of the hundred plus years since his Graduation from St.Xaviers College Calcutta.The House since has been the residence for his family members.

</doc>
<doc id="18596325" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18596325" title="Erminio Bolzan">
Erminio Bolzan

Erminio Bolzan (born May 29, 1908, date of death unknown) is an Italian boxer who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics.
In 1936 he was eliminated in the second round of the light heavyweight class after losing his fight to the upcoming silver medalist Richard Vogt.

</doc>
<doc id="18596336" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18596336" title="Members of the Western Australian Legislative Assembly, 1905–1908">
Members of the Western Australian Legislative Assembly, 1905–1908

This is a list of members of the Western Australian Legislative Assembly between the 1905 elections and the 1908 elections, together known as the Sixth Parliament.

</doc>
<doc id="18596338" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18596338" title="Heatwave (album)">
Heatwave (album)

Heatwave is the fifth album by Belgian RIO band Univers Zero. Released in 1986, the album is a continued exploration of the Middle Eastern influences, which first appeared on Uzed. The instrumentation here is more electronic than in their previous works. The album was recorded and mixed by Didier de Roos at Daylight Studio, Brussels.
The album is unusual among Univers Zero albums in that drummer/bandleader Daniel Denis did not write the majority of the material. Keyboardist Andy Kirk takes the compositional lead instead, penning both the title track and "The Funeral Plain." The latter is notable for being the second longest Univers Zero song (Only the track "La Faulx", off the "Heresie" album, is longer). "The Funeral Plain" is dedicated to "all living hardships that lead into self-awareness." The band would not release their next album, "The Hard Quest", until 1999. Denis temporarily broke up the band after the release of "Heatwave" due to financial difficulties and tension within the group.
Track listing.
• "Heatwave" (Kirk) – 8:37• "Chinavox" (Denis) – 4:53 • "Bruit dans les Murs" (Denis) – 8:27• "The Funeral Plain" (Kirk) – 20:22
Personnel.
• Michael Delory: electric guitar• Daniel Denis: drums, percussion, voice• Dirk Descheemaeker: clarinet, bass clarinet, soprano sax• Christian Genet: bass guitar, nailskake• Patrick Hanappier: violin, viola• Andy Kirk: piano, synthesizer, voice• Jean-Luc Plouvier: piano, synthesizer, voice

</doc>
<doc id="18596342" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18596342" title="Cartoon Network (Turkey)">
Cartoon Network (Turkey)

Cartoon Network is a cable satellite channel that mainly shows animated kids cartoons and was launched on March 30, 1998 which is one year before Disney Channel Turkey was released and three years after Nickelodeon Turkey was launched.
History.
The channel originally started off on March 30, 1998 with the Checkerboard era. The channel originally ran from 8am to 5pm. Meanwhile from 8pm to 5am in order to fill up the time slot the Sky Comedy Channel (formerly known as Menetary at the time) would takeover. On October 15, 1999 Cartoon Network Turkey along with other countries in Europe split from
the Pan-European version. After the pan-European split, Cartoon Network UK revamped that same day and Turkey revamped not much later on February 21, 2000 with the launch of a theme which had shapes and tiles with lines and footage of characters from various shows shown on Cartoon Network. This lasted until late-2001 in the UK but lasted until 2006 in Turkey and was used throughout Europe.
On August 29, 2000 both Cartoon Network Turkey and Menetary changed to full 24 hour satellite channels and Cartoon Network was moved to channel 501.
On April 23, 2001 Boomerang came to Turkey and much like Cartoon Network it was a 24 hour channel.
On October 7, 2005 the city theme was released on Cartoon Network Turkey along with the rest of Europe which replaced the one used since 1999. The logo for Cartoon Network which had been in used for over 7 years got upgraded to the one used in the US.
On May 24, 2007 Cartoon Network UK once again got rebranded to a similar theme to the one used in 1999. The theme came to Cartoon Network Turkey on December 7, 2007.
The CHECK it theme was introduced on Cartoon Network Turkey on April 4, 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="18596345" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18596345" title="Ceratomantis yunnanensis">
Ceratomantis yunnanensis

Ceratomantis yunnanensis is a species of praying mantis native to China that was undiscovered until 1986. 

</doc>
<doc id="18596355" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18596355" title="Børge Holm">
Børge Holm

Børge Søren Jørgensen Holm (December 7, 1910 – April 12, 1971) was a Danish boxer who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics.
He was born and died in Copenhagen.
In 1936 he was eliminated in the quarter-finals of the light heavyweight class after losing his fight to the upcoming gold medalist Roger Michelot.

</doc>
<doc id="18596361" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18596361" title="HMCS St. Croix (DDE 256)">
HMCS St. Croix (DDE 256)

HMCS "St. Croix" (DDE 256) was a that served in the Royal Canadian Navy (RCN) and later the Canadian Forces from 1958-1974. The fourth ship commissioned of a class of seven, "St. Croix" was laid down on 15 October 1954 at Marine Industries Ltd., Sorel and launched on 17 November 1956. She commissioned into the RCN on 4 October 1958 and thereafter carried pennant number 256 as a destroyer escort. She was the second ship named to serve in the RCN.
"St. Croix", along with and , was one of three Restigouche class DDEs not selected by the RCN for modernization in the Improved Restigouche (IRE) project of the late 1960s. All three paid off to reserve in 1974 ("St. Croix" on 15 November 1974) as economies required by government reductions in authorized strength. Her weapons and screws removed she was used primarily as an engineering training hulk while alongside at CFB Halifax until sent to the breakers in 1991.
St. Croix was not refitted as IRE, did not have ASROC, maintained 4x3 inch armament until we decommissioned her in 1974 after transit from Esquimalt.

</doc>
<doc id="18596362" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18596362" title="B. G. Kher">
B. G. Kher

Balasaheb Gangadhar Kher (also known as B. G. Kher) () (August 24, 1888 – March 8, 1957) was the first chief minister (then called prime minister) of Bombay State which consisted of present day Maharastra and Gujarat States of India. He was awarded the Padma Vibhushan by the Government of India in 1954. A lawyer, solicitor and social worker by choice and politician by necessity, Kher was often described as “Sajjan”, good and gentle. Kher was a scholar, an accomplished orator, and a man with no pretensions. Declassified MI5 documents were positive of him and described him as preferable to other candidates, due to his honesty, sincerity and preference for the Anglo way of administration.
Early life.
Balasaheb Gangadhar Kher was born on August 24, 1888 at Ratnagiri in a middle class Karhade Brahmin family. He spent some years of his boyhood at Kundgol in the then Jamkhandi State. Later, he migrated at the instance of Gopal Krishna Gokhale to Pune to study at the New English School. Later he obtained the degree of B.A. in 1908 from the Wilson College, with high distinction and received the Bhau Daji Lad prize for standing first in Sanskrit.
Mr. B.G. Kher along with Mr. Manilal Nanavati started a law firm called Manilal Kher & Co. The firm commenced practice on 7 June 1918. The firm was the only firm in Mumbai to have its inauguration ceremony being presided over by the renowned Judge, Mr. Justice Sir Frank C.O. Beaman. The firm's name was then changed to Manilal Kher Ambalal & Co.
Political career.
B. G. Kher's political career began in 1922 and he was chosen as Secretary of the Bombay branch of the Swaraj Party. During the Civil disobedience movement he was arrested and sentenced to eight months' rigorous imprisonment and fine in 1930. He was again arrested in 1932 and sentenced to two years rigorous imprisonment and fine. He became the first prime minister of Bombay Province in 1937 and continued in office till October, 1939. He was arrested and imprisoned in 1940. During the Quit India struggle, he was again arrested and imprisoned in August, 1942. He was released from prison on July 14, 1944. He again became prime minister of Bombay province on March 30, 1946. He was instrumental in the establishment of Poona University (Now called "University of Pune". A building in the university campus is named after him as Kher Bhavan. He was in office till April 21, 1952. He died in Pune on March 8, 1957.
B.G.Kher allotted plot’s in Bandra East to people belonging to Hindu-Khatik (Scheduled caste) in 1950-51 now that area is known as KHERWADI Scheme. He developed Schools, Hospital, Electrcity and Water supply for people staying in Kherwadi, Bandra East, Mumbai-400 051.
People belonging to Hindu-Khatik and also the benefiters of this schemes are always remembering Mr B.G.KHER by there area name as KHERWADI (KHER’s WADI-AREA) and they are celebrating KHER birthday at statue of B.G.Kher established on Nanda Deep Garden, Kala Nagar, Bandra East by Hindu-Khatik Samaj.

</doc>
<doc id="18596369" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18596369" title="Pegah Ahmadi">
Pegah Ahmadi

Pegāh Ahmadi () (born 1974) is an Iranian poet, scholar, literary critic and translator of poetry.
Pegah Ahmadi was born in Tehran. She began writing poetry at the age of seven. At seventeen she made her début as a poet by the publication of a poem in the literary magazine "Takāpu", edited by Mansur Kushān. Since then she has regularly contributed to literary magazines inside Iran. She has studied Persian Literature at University of Tehran.
Pegah Ahamdi has published four books of poetry, "On the Final Sol G" (1999), "Cadence" (2001), "Writing Footnotes on the Wall of the Family Home" (200?), and "My These Days Is Throat" (2004). Her fifth book of poems, "To Find Faults" will be published in the course of this year (2008). She has further published two works of translation from English into Persian, one an anthology of the poems by Sylvia Plath, with the title "The Love Song of the Insane Girl" (2000), and the other, a translation of the book "Haiku: Poetry Ancient and Modern", by Jakie Hardy, with the title "Hundred and One Haikus, From Past to Present" (2007). Ms Ahmadi's scholarly book "Women's Poetry from the Beginning to the Present Day" was published by "Nashr-e Sāles" ("Sāles" Publications) in 2005. The first volume of Ms Ahmadi's second scholarly book "A Comprehensive Anthology of the Poetry by Iranian Women", will be published shorty by "Cheshmeh" Publications.
Ms Ahmadi has published over sixty articles on subject matters related to criticism of verse, theoretical issues pertaining to poetry and translation of poems in such monthly and quarterly arts and literary magazines as "Dourān", "Kārnāmeh", "Kelk", "Jahān-e Ketāb", "Bokhārā", "Bidār", "Sabk-e Nou", "Film", "Zanān", "Thursday Evening", "Āzarang", "Nāfeh", "Shoukarān", "Āzmā", "Negāh-e Nou", "Payām-e Shomāl" and "Pāprik".

</doc>
<doc id="18596382" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18596382" title="Paul Schweifer">
Paul Schweifer

Paul Schweifer (March 30, 1914 – November 21, 1941) is an Austrian boxer who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics.
In 1936 he was eliminated in the first round of the light heavyweight class after losing his fight to Børge Holm.

</doc>
<doc id="18596391" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18596391" title="T Craft-class inshore patrol vessel">
T Craft-class inshore patrol vessel

The T Craft class inshore patrol vessels are a class of patrol boat currently in service with the South African Navy.
These boats are twin hulled catamarans of glass reinforced plastic (GRP) sandwich construction, capable of carrying up to 15 personnel. Each carries a RIB in the stern well. They were ordered in mid-1991, and commissioned into the Navy in 2003. Three of this type were also built for Israel in 1997.

</doc>
<doc id="18596399" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18596399" title="Terra Ceia Village Improvement Association Hall">
Terra Ceia Village Improvement Association Hall

The Terra Ceia Village Improvement Association Hall built in 1906 is an historic building located at 1505 Center Road in Terra Ceia, Florida. Also known as the Terra Ceia Woman's Club, it was added to the National Register of Historic Places on September 16, 2003 as part of the Clubhouses of Florida's Woman's Clubs Multiple Property Submission (MPS).

</doc>
<doc id="18596407" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18596407" title="Line C (Rome Metro)">
Line C (Rome Metro)

Line C is the future third line of the metro system of Rome, Italy. It will be the first fully automated line in the city. The line is currently under construction. The line reuses part of the old Rome-Pantano railway, a light railroad that is the last remaining part of the old Rome-Fiuggi railway.
Construction.
From August 2006 onwards archeological investigations took place before construction could start. The first construction sites opened in March 2007, on Piazza Roberto Malatesta, to construct Malatesta station. Lodi station followed one month later.
In May 2008 two Tunnel Boring Machines were set up at Giardinetti, and two months later the old Rome-Pantano railway was truncated at Giardinetti to allow restructuring part of the old surface line, which will form part of the new metro. This stretch, from (Pantano-Centocelle) to piazza Lodi, will open in 2014. The part of the line that crosses the city centre, from Venezia up to Clodio-Mazzini, is currently in its planning stages.
In 2009, during the excavations in Piazza Venezia (near the Capitoline Hill) remains of what has been identified as emperor Hadrian's Athenaeum were found.
Works on the different sections of Line C are supposed to be finished according to the following schedule:
Route.
The route is about long and has 30 stations. Of the whole course are underground, and the rest is in the open air.
Originally the two planned termini were Pantano (a "frazione" of the "comune" of Monte Compatri) in the east and Clodio-Mazzini in the north, but in March 2007, a northward extension along the Via Cassia was announced, with nine more stations up to Grottarossa. A depot has been built at Graniti. The line will cross Line A at San Giovanni and at Ottaviano-San Pietro-Musei Vaticani, and Line B at Colosseo. At Pigneto an interchange will be built with a new railway station on the FR1. At the Colosseo stop a public museum was to be constructed in the station to display archaeological material that was excavated during construction, but the project has been scrapped due to the lack of funds. 
The original plan featured a station, at Largo di Torre Argentina, in the city center. However, archaeological remains on the site were even more extensive than expected, and the station was cancelled.
Extensions.
The following extensions have been studied:
Rolling stock.
Once completed, the line will be served by 30 AnsaldoBreda Driverless Metro convoys.

</doc>
<doc id="18596409" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18596409" title="A Month in the Country (film)">
A Month in the Country (film)

A Month in the Country is a 1987 British film directed by Pat O'Connor. The film is an adaptation of the novel of the same name by J. L. Carr, and stars Colin Firth, Kenneth Branagh, Natasha Richardson and Patrick Malahide. The screenplay was by Simon Gray.
Set in rural Yorkshire during the 1920s, the film follows a destitute World War I veteran employed to carry out restoration work on a Medieval mural discovered in a rural church while coming to terms with the after-effects of the war.
Shot during the summer of 1986 and featuring an original score by Howard Blake, the film has been neglected since its 1987 cinema release and it was only in 2004 that an original 35 mm film print was discovered due to the intervention of a fan.
Plot.
Set in the early 1920s, the film follows the experiences of Tom Birkin (Colin Firth), who has been employed under a bequest to carry out restoration work on a Medieval mural discovered in a church in the small rural community of Oxgodby, Yorkshire. The escape to the idyllic countryside is cathartic for Birkin, haunted by his experiences in World War I. Birkin soon fits into the slow-paced life of the remote village, and over the course of the summer uncovering the painting begins to lose his trauma-induced stammer and tics. 
In particular, he forms a close friendship with archaeologist James Moon (Kenneth Branagh), another veteran, who like Birkin has been emotionally scarred by the war. Moon is employed in the village under the same bequest, working to uncover a mysterious lost grave, but is more interested in discovering the remains of an earlier Saxon church building in the field next to the churchyard.
Birkin becomes accepted into the Nonconformist family of Mr Ellerbeck the station master (Jim Carter), with whom he dines on Sundays; the hospitality of the chapel congregation is contrasted against the established church, who have consigned the penniless Birkin to sleep in the church belfry. Ellerbeck's children eventually persuade Birkin to preach a sermon at a nearby Methodist chapel. Birkin also forms an emotional, albeit unspoken, attachment to Alice Keach (Natasha Richardson), the young wife of the vicar. The vicar himself (Patrick Malahide) is portrayed unsympathetically as an obstruction to the work in the church, viewing the medieval painting as symptomatic of the superstition prevalent in the community.
Cast.
"A Month in the Country" featured film debuts or early roles of several notable British actors. Although it was the third cinema feature film to cast Colin Firth, it was his first lead role. Similarly, it was Kenneth Branagh's first cinema film, and Natasha Richardson's second. Conversely, it was the last role of David Garth who died in May 1988.
Production.
Development.
Initially intended to be a made-for-TV film, the film's producer Kenith Trodd upgraded his original plan to a cinema feature. The original working title for the film was "Falling Man". Playwright Simon Gray was commissioned to write the screenplay, and Pat O’Connor chosen to direct. In contrast to the book, which is narrated as a recollection by Birkin as an old man, the film is set entirely in the 1920s, except for a brief moment towards the end. In initial drafts of the screenplay, Gray had included a narrator, but O'Connor felt this was not the correct way to present the story:I felt that if I couldn’t do it in the present, suggesting internal pain by performance, then I wouldn’t really want to do it at all.
Funding for the film was scarce, and it eventually fell to Euston Films (a subsidiary of Thames Television) and Channel Four Films, who had had some success with low budget features such as "My Beautiful Laundrette".
Filming.
To compensate for the lack of budget, a very tight shooting schedule was planned over 28 days, during which Kenneth Branagh was only available for two weeks and was performing on-stage nightly in London.
Despite being set in Yorkshire, the majority of location filming was moved to Buckinghamshire, although Levisham railway station and the surrounding area in North Yorkshire were utilised. The location shooting of the film began on August 18, 1986 at St. Mary's church in Radnage. Filming was periodically hindered by inclement weather — the perfect summer in which the book was set was not forthcoming, and scenes were filmed during breaks in heavy rain. Interiors were shot at Bray Studios in Berkshire.
The church, which is a main location for the film, was substantially set-dressed. Despite having several original medieval wall paintings, the largest addition was the creation of the medieval mural by artist Margot Noyes. To create the impression of an austere country church, Victorian stone flags were replaced with brick pavers for the duration of filming and the original wall paintings covered up. Plastic guttering and other modern additions were covered up or removed. The churchyard had several gravestones added, including the large box tomb which is a focus of several scenes.
Several members of the local community were used as extras in the film, and local children were recruited by the director to collect butterflies to be released out-of-shot to create a "summer feeling". However there was some opposition to the disruption caused by the filming, and also problems involving unwelcome damage to a section of the interior plasterwork, which had to be restored after filming had concluded.
Music.
The soundtrack of the film was written by Howard Blake, and is scored entirely for string orchestra in the style of early 20th Century British music. Blake notes that the style chosen was intended to complement and contrast recordings of classical music during particular scenes: Verdi's "Quattro pezzi sacri" was used during the uncovering of the mediaeval mural and a flashback montage of the First World War which opened the film utilised an excerpt from Schubert's "Deutsche Messe" (D. 872) "Zum Sanctus: Heilig, heilig ist der Herr".
Howard Blake recalls: "I went to a viewing and saw that the film was very profound, with a serious anti-war theme, but a certain amount of 'found' choral music had already been laid in by the editors...I explained that I loved the film and I thought the choral/orchestral music worked brilliantly but it was very big and rich and I felt a score would have to emerge from it and be very pure and expressive and quite small — and that I could only hear this in my head as done by strings only."
Blake decided to compose his score to match the key of the Schubert "Mass", in order for the music to continue seamlessly. However, during the recording session with his orchestra, the Sinfonia of London, he found that the Schubert piece was running slow and therefore flat, and he had to ask the players to tune flat to match his intended key.
Due to the small budget of the film, Blake agreed "in lieu of a reasonable fee" to retain the copyright to his music. The score was subsequently arranged into a suite for string orchestra, and is available on CD in a recording by the English Northern Philharmonia conducted by Paul Daniel.
Reception and awards.
Upon its release in 1987, the film was generally well received by critics. Rita Kempley, writing in "The Washington Post" suggested "It's all rather Arthurian, with its chivalric hero on his spiritual quest, the atmosphere suffused, seeming to dance with once and future truths." Tom Hutchinson in the "Mail on Sunday" praised "a script whose delight is in the rounded reality of its characters". Janet Maslin, writing in "The New York Times" praised O'Connor's direction, suggesting it lent the film "a strong sense of yearning, as well as a spiritual quality more apparent in the look of the film than in its dialogue." Desmond Ryan of "The Philadelphia Inquirer" wrote "Rarely has the impossibility of love been more wrenchingly presented than in the scenes of dashed hope between Firth and Richardson.
However, Nigel Andrews of the "Financial Times" found it "like a pastoral parable that has been left outside in the damp too long, causing its batteries to go flat" and following a 2008 screening, Sam Jordison of "The Guardian" suggested "even though this film is (unusually) faithful to the book...it is really little better than inoffensive. Somehow the magic that makes JL Carr's book so precious is missing."
The film was the recipient of two awards: Pat O'Connor won the Silver Rosa Camuna at the Bergamo Film Meeting in 1987 and Howard Blake was awarded the Anthony Asquith Award for Musical Excellence by the British Film Institute in 1988. In addition, Colin Firth was nominated for an "Evening Standard" Award. The film was screened in the Un Certain Regard section at the 1987 Cannes Film Festival.
DVD release.
Following its cinema release, the film was transferred to VHS in a pan and scan edition in 1991. However, when Glyn Watkins, a poet who had been encouraged by J.L. Carr early in his career wished to screen the film to accompany the launch of a poetry book at the National Media Museum in Bradford in 2003, the museum found that all original 35mm film prints had disappeared.
Watkins, undeterred, contacted the cast's and director's agents and eventually the online fan clubs "Friends of Firth" and "Ken Friends". He discovered that the film had appeared as part of the National Film Theatre's Branagh season in May 1999 and that the film's American distributors, Warner Bros., had a print in a bonded warehouse albeit of a shorter cut running to 92 minutes. However, the rights of the film were still unclear, and it was only after several months that it was found Channel 4 still owned the rights, and the film was eventually released on limited edition Region 2 DVD in late 2004. However, the DVD is now no longer widely available in the United Kingdom. As of 2008, a complete 96 minute print has been located in the Academy Film Archive in Los Angeles and a campaign is underway to have it restored and released on DVD.

</doc>
<doc id="18596410" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18596410" title="Leslie Harley">
Leslie Harley

Leslie Thomas Harley (born 26 October 1912, date of death unknown) was an Australian boxer who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics.
In 1936 he was eliminated in the second round of the light heavyweight class after losing his fight to František Havelka.
At the 1938 Empire Games he won the bronze medal in the heavyweight class.

</doc>
<doc id="18596423" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18596423" title="HMCS St. Croix">
HMCS St. Croix

Two ships of the Canadian navy have been named HMCS "St. Croix".

</doc>
<doc id="18596438" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18596438" title="Sannappa Parameshwar Gaonkar">
Sannappa Parameshwar Gaonkar

Sannappa Parameshwar Gaonkar (January 11, 1885–1972), also called Sa.Pa. Gaonkar, was an Indian politician, and an author. Sapa. Gaonkar was often described as "Sajjan"', or "good and gentle".
Gaonkar was imprisoned during the British Raj for having participated in the Quit India Movement, and later served as a Deputy Minister in B. G. Kher’s cabinet of the composite State of Bombay, India.
Sannappa Parameshwara Gaonkar (Grandson of Ram Gaonkar) was born on January 11, 1885 in Torke. Sa.Pa. was a headmaster of the Kannada Primary School, at Tadadi. At the age of 40 (1925), Gaonkar graduated from the Willingdon college, Sangli. He was an officer at Hubli municipality. After his retirement in the year 1942, S. P. Gaonkar participated in Quit India movement and joined the Swaraj Party. In the year 1946-47, B. G. Kher nominated Gaonkar as a Deputy Minister in his cabinet of the composite state of Bombay, India. It was Gaonkar, in the year 1936, who helped to organize the Kannada Sahitya Academy Sammelana in Gokarna.
SAPA was the paternal grandfather of Dilip Gaonkar a professor at Northwestern University.

</doc>
<doc id="18596440" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18596440" title="Walter van Bueren">
Walter van Bueren

Walter van Bueren (born June 21, 1912) is a Swiss boxer who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics.
In 1936 he was eliminated in the first round of the light heavyweight class after losing his fight to Leslie Harley.

</doc>
<doc id="18596472" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18596472" title="František Havelka">
František Havelka

František Havelka (born July 8, 1908, date of death unknown) was a Czech boxer who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics for Czechoslovakia. In 1936, he was eliminated in the quarter-finals of the light heavyweight class after losing his fight to Robey Leibbrandt.

</doc>
<doc id="18596476" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18596476" title="FC Krasyliv">
FC Krasyliv

FC Krasyliv was a Ukrainian Football team that played in Krasyliv, Khmelnytska Oblast.
The club entered the professional leagues in 2001. The club was initially successful finishing in 3rd place in the Druha Liha Group "A". The next season they were crowned champions and were promoted to the Persha Liha for the 2002-03 season.
The club, coming from a small provincial town was under financial duress and in 2003-04 they forged a union with Obolon and became their farm club under the name Krasyliv-Obolon.
Before the next season started FC Podillya Khmelnytskyi who finish 2nd in the Ukrainian Second League 2003-04 season merges with Krasyliv-Obolon and moves the team operations from Khmelnytskyi to Krasyliv prior to the start of season.

</doc>
<doc id="18596492" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18596492" title="Patrick Monckeberg">
Patrick Monckeberg

Patrick Mönckeberg (Patrick Mönckeberg) is a London-based German actor, born in Guatemala City. He trained at the Academy of Live and Recorded Arts (ALRA) in London.
He has appeared in many roles in the theatre, on television and in films in England and Germany including Love Soup (BBC One) and Bonekickers (BBC One) and "".

</doc>
<doc id="18596497" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18596497" title="Mohammed Amin (boxer)">
Mohammed Amin (boxer)

Mohammed Amin (born November 15, 1913) is an Egyptian boxer who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics.
In 1936 he was eliminated in the second round of the light heavyweight class after losing his fight to Robey Leibbrandt.

</doc>
<doc id="18596498" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18596498" title="My Maryland">
My Maryland

My Maryland is a "musical romance" with book and lyrics by Dorothy Donnelly and music by Sigmund Romberg, based on the play "Barbara Frietchie" by Clyde Fitch.
Produced by Lee Shubert and J. J. Shubert, the Broadway production, opened on September 12, 1927 at Jolson's 59th Street Theatre and then moved to the Casino Theatre for a total run of 312 performances. The cast included Nathaniel Wagner, George Rosener, and Evelyn Herbert and over 65 others.
Songs.
Act I
Act II
Act III

</doc>
<doc id="18596518" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18596518" title="Choeradodis rhomboidea">
Choeradodis rhomboidea

Choeradodis rhomboidea, common names Tropical Shield Mantis, Hood Mantis (or Hooded Mantis), and Leaf Mantis (or Leaf Mantis), is a species of praying mantis. A native of Central America, "C. rhomboidea" was formerly categorized as "Choeradodis hyalina" (Serville 1831) and as "Mantis rhomboidea" (Stoll 1813) 

</doc>
<doc id="18596525" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18596525" title="Swimming at the 1997 European Aquatics Championships – Women's 4 x 100 metre medley relay">
Swimming at the 1997 European Aquatics Championships – Women's 4 x 100 metre medley relay

The final of the Women's 4x100m Medley Relay event at the European LC Championships 1997 was held on Sunday 24 August 1997 in Seville, Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="18596533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18596533" title="Choeradodis stalii">
Choeradodis stalii

Choeradodis stalii is a species of praying mantis with common names that include Tropical Shield Mantis, Hooded Mantis, and Leaf Mantis. It is found in Brazil, Ecuador, French Guyana, Panama, and Peru.
As described by one insect-breeding hobbyist, this species:
...is one of the most impressive of all mimic species. It takes the form of a leaf one step further than any other species, and has the largest hood of all leaf species. They take the form of a flat stance, and spend most of their time low-lying, to help blend in with their background. This mantis species is rare in captivity, and only experienced breeders will have these available/have reared them successfully in the past.
Nymphs of this species are born with a bright red color distinguishing it from other Choeradodis. Even at early instars, it displays somewhat of a hood. Each time the mantis moults, it grows more greenish and the hood grows larger until it reaches adulthood.

</doc>
<doc id="18596535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18596535" title="Locust Creek Covered Bridge (West Virginia)">
Locust Creek Covered Bridge (West Virginia)

The Locust Creek Covered Bridge is the only remaining covered bridge in Pocahontas County, West Virginia. It is located approximately outside Hillsboro. The bridge is now for pedestrian traffic only.
History.
R. N. Bruce was contracted in 1870 to build the wooden covered bridge for US$1,250. The Warren Double Intersection truss covered bridge was completed later that year. The span over Locust Creek was wide and long.
In 1888, the original bridge was replaced. In 1904 it was rebuilt again by W. M. Irvine. Interior supports, trusses, side paneling and roof were replaced during the reconstruction. In 1968, the bridge was painted and new oak floor was installed. Temporary supports used during the floor replacement were left in place. 
The bridge was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1981
In 1990, the state of West Virginia bypassed the covered bridge with a modern concrete span. 
In 2002, the covered bridge was renovated into a pedestrian crossing and the temporary supports were removed.

</doc>
<doc id="18596543" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18596543" title="Siege of Danzig (1655–60)">
Siege of Danzig (1655–60)

The Siege of Danzig took place between 1655 and 1660 when a Swedish force tried to capture this important Baltic Sea port city from the Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth during the Second Northern War. After 5 years of fighting around Danzig (Gdańsk), the Swedish force which has made little ground surrendered.
Chronology.
Danzig all of that time was unconquered and remain loyal to Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth.

</doc>
<doc id="18596550" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18596550" title="1973 ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships">
1973 ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships

The 1973 ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships were held in Tampere, Finland.
The men's competition consisted of six Canadian (single paddle, open boat) and nine kayak events. Three events were held for the women, all in kayak.
This was the tenth championships in canoe sprint.

</doc>
<doc id="18596560" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18596560" title="R. B. Naik">
R. B. Naik

Ramakrishna Beeranna Naik (1904–1970) was the Chairman (Head of the Upper house) of the Karnataka Legislative Council Vidhan Parishad (1968 acting and 1970) of the Government of Karnataka, Bangalore. The Chairman position is almost similar to the position Speaker of the United States House of Representatives.
R. B. Naik was born in Hiregutti village and completed his B.A. from the Wilson College, Mumbai and then his L.L.B. from the Government Law College, Mumbai. He was a lawyer by profession, a social worker and a politician by necessity. 
Naik was an active member of the Congress Party. As a Member of the Legislative Assembly, he was in Y B Chavan's government of the Bombay State. 
Naik died on job in 1970 and was laid to rest with State honors; the funeral services for Naik were held in Gokarna one of the holy cities of Hindus.
See also.
References

</doc>
<doc id="18596569" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18596569" title="Mariano Luis de Urquijo">
Mariano Luis de Urquijo

Mariano Luis de Urquijo y Muga (1769, in Bilbao, Spain – 1817, in París, France) was Secretary of State (Prime Minister) of Spain from 12 February 1799 to 13 December 1800, during the reign of King Carlos IV of Spain, and between 7 July 1808 and 27 June 1813 under the King Joseph Bonaparte.
Biography.
Born to a noble Basque family, he studied law in Madrid and Salamanca. He spent some time living in Ireland, England before entering the Spanish foreign service under the protection of the Count of Aranda and the Count of Floridablanca. It was in 1792, under the Aranda ministry, that he was named High Officer of the Secretary of State (Secretary of the Cabinet). Of progressive ideas, he translated the "Death of Caesar" of Voltaire, then forbidden by the Catholic Church. Due to it, he was prosecuted by the Holy Office. 
Despite his French sympathies, he was appointed First Secretary of State (Prime Minister) the 12 February 1799, and remained in office till 13 December 1800. While in office, he did all he could to limit the power and influence of the Inquisition, granting him the enmity of the Holy See. Taking advantage of the Napoleonic invasion of the Papal States, he attempted what came to be known as ""Urquijo's Schism"" (1799), in which he tried to recover for the Spanish church powers that had previously been assumed by the Pope, including matrimonial dispenses. 
Even though he was supported by some jansenist-leaning clerics such as the bishop of Salamanca, Antonio Tavira, his religious policies caused his fall. Godoy, the queen's favourite, had resented Urquijo as a rising star whose influence in court had started to eclipse his own. Palling along with Eusebio Bardají y Azara, an influential rising star in his own right, and Napoleon himself, who feared Urquijo's policies opposing a French intervention in Portugal, they forced Urquijo's dismissal from office.
His brief term also saw several scientific entreprises being performed: he was, for instance, Alexander von Humboldt's sponsor for his American expedition. He was instrumental in sending Valentin de Foronda as General Consul of Spain in Philadelphia, (1801–1807), and as Spanish Plenipotentiary Minister in the USA till the nomination by the "Junta" of Luis de Onis in 1809.
Resenting the conservative and ultra-catholic policies of the Spanish court, he embraced the pro-French government of José I Bonaparte once Napoleon invaded Spain and replaced the Bourbon dynasty with his own brother Joseph (José). After publicly acknowledging José I as lawful King of Spain, he was called back to court and became Prime Minister again. He remained in office during all of José I reign, from 7 July 1808 to 27 June 1813. However, the failed Napoleonic invasion resulted in Spain being lead to a state of war, and he was unable to carry out any policy apart from helping the French forces of José I brother Napoleon undertake an ineffective war against the Spanish people. 
Upon the French defeat, he fled along with Joseph I across the Pyrenees to France into exile, embracing the French nationality. Outlawed in Spain, he died in exile in Paris, in 1817.

</doc>
<doc id="18596585" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18596585" title="J. B. Selkirk">
J. B. Selkirk

James Brown (J.B. Selkirk) (1832 – 25 December 1904) was a Scottish poet and essayist. Greatly admired by other great writers including Tennyson.
J.B Selkirk was a distinguished poet and man of letters. His real name was actually James Brown. His would sign his works 'J.B Selkirk (i.e. James Brown of Selkirk). He soon become better known as J.B Selkirk than James Brown.
Youth and schooling.
Brown was born in Galashiels in 1832. He was the seventh of ten children born to Mr and Mrs Henry Brown. Shortly after his birth the family moved to 'Galahill' which overlooks part of the Borderland known as 'Scotland's Eden'. The family then moved to Selkirk when he was still an infant. 
His father, Henry Brown, was one of the pioneers of the woollen industry in the district - responsible for building the first part of Ettrick Mills. Together with his brother James, he founded the firm J & H Brown & Co. in 1835. Their father William was also associated with the venture and in 1837 the three men were created honorary burgesses of Selkirk in recognition of the benefits they had brought to the town and the people.
J.B was educated at Selkirk Grammar School and the Edinburgh Institution before joining his fathers firm where he proved an excellent designer. From an early age he studied music and architecture. In addition to poetry, he received lessons from the late Arthur Piegal R.S.A.. and had a picture of St Mary's Loch hung at the exhibition of the Royal Scottish Academy.
Works.
His first love though was poetry. He wrote prose and verse for various papers and periodicals, his first efforts being printed in 'the Scotsman'. Longham, Green & Co. London in 1869 also published a volume of his poems. A new and enlarged version was published in 1883 by Kegan Paul, Trench & Co. London and another by Blackwood in 1896. A fourth edition by R & R Clark ltd Edinburgh 1905 and a fifth edition in two volumes was published by James Lewis, Selkirk in 1911. He also contributed essays on poetry as well as poems to 'Blackwoods magazine', the Cornhill magazine, chambers journal and other periodicals. Some of his essays were published by smith, Elder & co, London in 1878 in a volume entitled Ethical and Aesthetica of modern poetry and he was also author of "Bible Truths with Shakspearean Parallels" published by Whittaker & co., London in 1862 and of which two further editions were printed. His writings cover a fairly wide variety of themes - love, death, sorrow, regret, longing, religion, nature, philosophy and patriotism etc. as well as hymnology and political speeches.
Undoubtedly the most popular of his poems is 'auld Selkirk toon' the words of which were put to music by G.R. Colledge and adopted as one of the towns songs at Selkirk's great annual festival - the common riding.
Marriage.
In 1858 J.B. Selkirk married Agnes Brown Bucham, a daughter of Mr and Mrs Robert Bucham of Hardacres, Kelso. They lived at 'Cascade', a house overlooking the Tweed midway between Selkirk and Galashiels before moving to Thornfield, Selkirk which was built by himself in 1870. he also built a villa in Cannes which he named Yarrow.
Agnes to whom he was totally devoted was his incentive to write. The influence of her strong character helped and upheld him and to her memory were written some of his finest yet saddest poems.
Later life.
J.B. Selkirk was twice invited to become provost of Selkirk after the passing of the education act he was returned as member of the Selkirk school board. He was the last Deacon and the last surviving member in the year 1899 of the ancient cooperation of Selkirk weavers, who obtained custody of the English flag from Flodden field. He was also responsible for the preservation of the parchment and seal of the cooperation which dated back to 1600.
Agnes died in 1874 aged 37 after bearing him 9 children. the early death of his wife was the deterioration of J.B. Selkirk. Full of sadness he seemed unable to sustain effort in his writings.
For many years his health was very poor. Several years before his death he was a complete invalid. He died on Christmas Day 1904 his resting place is beside that of his wife in the old churchyard of his dearly loved ' Auld Selkirk Toon'.
A memorial was erected in September 1931 in honour of J.B. Selkirk it was designed to express in bronze what J.B.Selkirk has epitomized in poetry.

</doc>
<doc id="18596592" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18596592" title="Caroline Foot">
Caroline Foot

Caroline Joy Foot (born 14 March 1965 in London, Greater London) is a former butterfly swimmer from Great Britain, who represented her native country at the two Summer Olympics: 1988 and 1996. 
A member of swimming club "York City Baths Club" she is known for winning the bronze medal at the 1997 European Championships (LC) in the women's 4×100 m medley relay, alongside Sarah Price, Jaime King, and Karen Pickering.

</doc>
<doc id="18596614" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18596614" title="Devarbhavi">
Devarbhavi

Devarbhavi (Kannada: ದೇವರಭಾವಿ) is a village in Kumta Taluka. It is next to Torke village.

</doc>
<doc id="18596626" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18596626" title="Bogue Chitto National Wildlife Refuge">
Bogue Chitto National Wildlife Refuge

Bogue Chitto National Wildlife Refuge is located northeast of New Orleans, Louisiana and encompasses of Pearl River Basin swampland.
History.
On June 30, 1980, President Jimmy Carter signed Public Law 96-288 authorizing the Bogue Chitto National Wildlife Refuge (NWR) in Washington and St. Tammany Parishes, Louisiana, and Pearl River County, Mississippi. Since that time, the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service has been acquiring bottomland hardwood habitat in the Pearl River Basin. On December 13, 1989, Congress authorized a boundary expansion for Bogue Chitto NWR that included an additional of bottomland hardwoods in St. Tammany Parish. To date, some have been placed under refuge management. The refuge is still in an acquisition phase.
Access.
Access is primarily by boat on the refuge's Louisiana side and road access is available on the refuge's Mississippi side. In the summer of 2002, a new walking trail was unveiled on the Louisiana side of the Refuge that allows access into the interior of Bogue Chitto's habitat.
Wildlife and habitat.
The refuge is home to hundreds of bird species. The most abundant species are the neotropical migrants, including the Prothonotary and Swainson's Warblers, Tyrant flycatchers, Yellow-billed Cuckoo, and White-eyed Vireo. In smaller numbers found on the refuge are migratory game birds such as American Woodcock and Wild Turkey, wading birds such as egrets and herons, waterfowl such as Wood Duck, and raptors such as hawks and owls. Endangered and threatened species found on the refuge are Bald Eagle, Ringed Map Turtle, Gopher Tortoise, Inflated heelsplitter, and Gulf sturgeon. White-tail deer, squirrel, turkey and Wild Boar hunting and fishing is offered to the public.
Bogue Chitto NWR is primarily composed of bottomland hardwood habitat interlaced by the Bogue Chitto and Pearl River Systems. Numerous sloughs, bayous and lakes are located on the refuge. Water levels fluctuate by several feet from their low point in the summer to winter/spring flood stage. Over 90% of the refuge can be flooded during seasonal high river periods. The mixed hardwood forest includes Water oak, Overcup Oak, American Elm, Sweetgum, and Red Maple on higher elevations and Bald Cypress, Water Tupelo, and Black Tupelo along the wettest areas. Mid-story in mixed hardwoods includes American Hophornbeam, Southern Arrowwood, Virginia Sweetspire and reproduction of the overstory. Typical mid-story plants along the sloughs and bayous are Buttonbush, Eastern Swampprivet, and Water Elm.

</doc>
<doc id="18596627" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18596627" title="Cannon Lane Junior School">
Cannon Lane Junior School

Cannon Lane Junior School (formerly Cannon Lane Middle School) is a primary school in Pinner in the London Borough of Harrow. The school currently has around 360 pupils.
History.
First built in 1934, the school was reorganised when the London Borough of Harrow adopted a comprehensive system of education and became a middle school. Thus, an additional wing was added in 1974 to accommodate Year 7 pupils.
In 2010 the London Borough of Harrow again reorganised its education structure, and the school became a junior school educating children ages 8 to 12 (academic years 3 to 6). 
Uniform.
The uniform for all years, boys wear white shirts, with a sweater with a crew neck with brown and yellow stripes and grey trousers (shorts for summer). Girls wear white shirts, a sweater with yellow and brown stripes on the crew neck and a skirt (if comfortable). Pupils must wear black shoes, trainers are not allowed.
For P.E and other games, pupils must bring with them a plain white T-Shirt, shorts, trousers, trainers, plimsolls for indoor games, and a jumper when it is cold.

</doc>
<doc id="18596630" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18596630" title="Patrick McGinley">
Patrick McGinley

Patrick McGinley (born 1937) is an Irish novelist, born in Glencolumbkille, Ireland.
After teaching in Ireland, McGinley moved to England where he pursued a career as a publisher and author. Among his strongest literary influences is his Irish predecessor, author Flann O'Brien, who McGinley emulates most noticeably in his novel "The Devil's Diary".
Bibliography.
McGinley's novels include:

</doc>
<doc id="18596633" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18596633" title="Hiregutti">
Hiregutti

Hiregutti is a village in Kumta taluka.
Notable residents.
Vaikunth Pandurang Shanbhag

</doc>
<doc id="18596637" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18596637" title="Hold Everything!">
Hold Everything!

Hold Everything! is a musical comedy with book by John McGowan and B. G. de Sylva, lyrics by Lew Brown and B. G. de Sylva, and music by Ray Henderson.
Produced by Alex A. Aarons and Vinton Freedley, the Broadway production opened on 10 October 1928 at the Broadhurst Theatre for a total run of 409 performances. The cast included Bert Lahr, Jack Whiting, Ona Munson and Victor Moore.
Bert Lahr’s career as a star began with this show. This most famous song from the show is “You're the Cream in My Coffee”. In 1930, Warner Brothers produced a movie version "Hold Everything" filmed entirely in Technicolor. This film version is now considered a lost film.
Songs.
Act I
Act II

</doc>
<doc id="18596638" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18596638" title="Ralf Drecoll">
Ralf Drecoll

Ralf Drecoll (September 29, 1944 – September 23, 2012) was a West German track and field athlete who competed for the Unified Team of Germany in the 1964 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Buxtehude. In 1964 he finished sixth in the high jump event.

</doc>
<doc id="18596642" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18596642" title="Igdalu">
Igdalu

Igdalu may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18596645" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18596645" title="Talmadge Hill">
Talmadge Hill

Talmadge L. "Marse" Hill was the head basketball coach and an assistant football coach at Morgan State College, from the 1930s to the 1960s; a time when African American colleges were segregated from playing in the NCAA.
Early life.
Hill is originally from East Orange, New Jersey. He graduated from Morgan State College in 1928. Hill played football for the Morgan Bears, and in a game versus Lincoln University he was tackled by a player from Lincoln's bench as Hill was streaking down the sideline for the apparent winning touchdown. Morgan eventually was awarded the touchdown and won the game. After his career at Morgan, Hill earned a Master's degree at Columbia University and then returned to Morgan as a teacher and assistant coach in 1930. Hill was hired as a professor and taught Biology.
Coaching career.
Early in his coaching career at Morgan, Hill was the assistant to Edward P. Hurt in football, basketball and track. He took over head coaching responsibilities for the basketball team in 1948 and served as the head coach until 1960. Hill was described as a conservative coach and one who did not like "fancy" ball handlers playing for him. 

</doc>
<doc id="18596658" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18596658" title="Choeradodis rhombicollis">
Choeradodis rhombicollis

Choeradodis rhombicollis, common name Peruvian Shield Mantis, is a species of praying mantis native to South America and found in Belize, Costa Rica, Ecuador, French Guyana, Guatemala, Colombia, Mexico, Nicaragua, Panama, Peru, and Surinam. It was formerly categorized as "Choeradodis columbica" (Beier 1931), as "Choeradodis peruviana" (Serville 1839), and as "Mantis rhombicollis" (Latreille 1833).

</doc>
<doc id="18596662" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18596662" title="Jaime King (swimmer)">
Jaime King (swimmer)

Jaime King (born 18 December 1976 in Swinton, North Yorkshire) is a former breaststroke swimmer from Great Britain, who represented her native country at three consecutive Summer Olympics, starting in 1992.
A member of swimming club "Thamesdown Tigersharks" she is known for winning the bronze medal at the 1997 European Championships (LC) in the women's 4×100 m medley relay, alongside Sarah Price, Caroline Foot, and Karen Pickering.

</doc>
<doc id="18596671" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18596671" title="Tic (disambiguation)">
Tic (disambiguation)

A tic is a sudden, repetitive, nonrhythmic movement or sound.
Tic or Tics may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18596680" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18596680" title="Choeradodis columbica">
Choeradodis columbica

Choeradodis columbica, common name Columbian Shield Mantis, is a species of praying mantis native to Colombia. It was formerly categorized as "Choeradodis columbica" (Beier 1931), as "Choeradodis peruviana" (Serville 1839), and as "Mantis rhombicollis" (Latreille 1833). 

</doc>
<doc id="18596693" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18596693" title="Choeradodis strumaria">
Choeradodis strumaria

Choeradodis strumaria, common name Leaf Mantis, is a species of praying mantis native to South America. 

</doc>
<doc id="18596715" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18596715" title="Heroine-class submarine">
Heroine-class submarine

The Heroine class are a variant of the Type 209 diesel-electric attack submarine developed by Howaldtswerke-Deutsche Werft (HDW) of Germany, currently in service with the South African Navy.
Background.
South Africa placed a contract for three Type 209 1400-Mod submarines in July 2000 on Howaldtswerke-Deutsche Werft (HDW) and Thyssen Nordseewerke. The Type 209 1400-Mod boats displace 1,450t surfaced and 1,600t dived. The Type 209 1400-Mod submarines replace the French-built "Daphné" class submarines, SAS Spear, SAS Assegaai and SAS Umkhonto which were decommissioned in 2003. The Heroine class are sometimes considered to be South Africa's first "true" submarines, as they were more suited to being underwater than the Daphné models.
The first submarine, , was built by Howaldtswerke at Kiel. It was launched in June 2004 and commissioned in November 2005. The second and third submarines were built by Thyssen Nordseewerke in Emden. The was launched in May 2005 and commissioned in March 2007. The third submarine, , was launched in 2006 and handed over in February 2008.
The submarines' homeport is Simon's Town naval base in Cape Town.
Naming.
The submarines are named after powerful South African women. is named after the female warrior chief of the Batlokwa tribe. is named after the female political activist Charlotte Maxeke, who campaigned for equality in the early 20th century. is named after the South African Rain Queen.
Characteristics.
Performance.
The submarine has a crew of 30. The hull has a length of 62m, breadth of 7.6m and height of 5.8m. It has an approximate maximum diving depth of 500 meters.
The Type 209/1400 submarine has a maximum speed of surfaced and dived.
Command and control.
The Atlas Elektronik ISUS 90-45 integrated combat information system provides navigation, automatic sensor integration and management as well as fire control functions for the submarine.
Weapons.
There are eight 533 mm bow torpedo tubes and the submarine can carry up to 14 torpedoes. The SA Navy have acquired Atlas Elektronik SUT 264 torpedoes for these submarines.
Sensors.
Optical
The submarine is fitted with two periscopes, a conventional, hull-penetrating SERO 400 attack periscope and a non-hull-penetrating OMS 100 optronic mast (search periscope), both supplied by Carl Zeiss (now Cassidian) Optronics. 
The OMS-100 mast integrates an optronic sensor with a high-definition resolution colour TV camera and third generation thermal imager. The cameras are gyroscopically stabilised in elevation and azimuth. The sensor assembly is installed in a retractable unit outside the pressure hull of the submarine. The observation and operation of the mast are controlled on a console. The optronics mast system contains fully automatic functions for very fast surveillance and observation so the period of mast exposure above the surface is extremely short.
Radar
The surface search radar operates at I-band. 
Sonar
The Atlas Elektronik CSU 90 sonar suite includes hull-mounted passive and active search-and-attack, flank array and active intercept sonar arrays, as well as an own noise monitoring system. South Africa did not exercise the option of purchasing a 'clip-on' towed array sonar based on advice from existing users that the system is clumsy and would prove impractical in South Africa's envisaged operational context.
ESM/ELINT
The submarine is equipped with a Saab Grintek Avionics UME-100 ESM/Designated ELINT system. The antennae for the system are integrated into the mastheads of both the SERO 400 and OMS-100 periscopes.
The submarine's ELINT electronic intelligence system is the Saab S/UME-100 tactical electronic support measures which provides electronic intelligence analysis and amplitude direction finding capability.
The S/UME-100 comprises the ESM antenna, the radar warning receiver antenna, a signal distribution unit and an electronic warfare controller.
The S/UME-100 tactical ESM antennas interface to the optronics mast and attack periscope.
Countermeasures.
It is believed that the submarines are fitted with the CIRCE torpedo counter-measure ejector system. 
Propulsion.
The submarines are fitted with a diesel electric propulsion system based on four MTU 12V 396 diesel engines delivering 2.8MW, with four alternators and one Siemens 3.7MW motor, driving a single shaft.
Allegations of Bribery.
In 2008, the Sunday Times reported that Ferrostaal allegedly gave former president Thabo Mbeki R30 million in bribes, some of which was allegedly shared with current president Jacob Zuma. An internal audit of Ferrostaal by American-based law firm Debevoise and Plimpton, who was hired after the German Public Prosecutions Authority arrested of one of its board members in 2010, reportedly places the amount paid in bribes at R300 million, or over $40 million. The report was not publicly released, but Germany's Süddeutsche Zeitung reported that it had obtained a copy.

</doc>
<doc id="18596720" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18596720" title="Badminton at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Men's singles">
Badminton at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Men's singles

These are the results of the men's singles competition in badminton at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing.
The tournament consisted of a single-elimination tournament. Matches were played using a best-of-three games format. Games were played to 21 points, using rally scoring. Each game had to be won by a margin of two points, except when the game was won by a player who reached 30 even if the lead was only 1 at that point. 
The top eight seeds in the tournament were placed in the bracket so as not to face each other until the quarterfinals. All other competitors were placed by draw.

</doc>
<doc id="18596722" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18596722" title="Aethalochroa simplicipes">
Aethalochroa simplicipes

Aethalochroa simplicipes is a species of praying mantis found in India that was originally identified as a variety of "A. ashmoliana".

</doc>
<doc id="18596725" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18596725" title="Thorburn">
Thorburn

Thorburn is a surname, and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18596729" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18596729" title="Ralph Murphy (musician)">
Ralph Murphy (musician)

Ralph Murphy (born 1944) is a British-born Canadian musician, record producer, and songwriter. Murphy was inducted into the Canadian Country Music Hall of Fame in 2012.
Biography.
Early life and career.
Murphy was born in Saffron Walden, England during World War II. At the age of six, Murphy emigrated to Canada with his mother. An avid lover of music, Murphy taught himself to play guitar and began playing gigs in Wallaceburg, Ontario at the age of 14. At 17 he moved between Los Angeles and New York making his way in the music business.
At 19, Murphy moved to London, signed a record deal with Pye Records and released two singles with Jack Klaysen as The Guardsmen. The Guardsmen then changed their name to the Slade Brothers and released an additional two singles. The Slade Brothers opened up for famous headlining acts, such as The Kinks, The Troggs, Martha and the Vandellas, The Byrds, and The Walker Brothers.
Producing career.
Murphy signed his first publishing deal with Mills Music in 1965. He had his first big hit with James Royal's "Call My Name" in 1966. Murphy started producing records in 1966 for CBS, Fontana, Carnaby, Decca, Other hits included Billy Fury's "Beyond a Shadow of a Doubt" and the Casuals "Touched". In 1967, Murphy joined the group Harper and Rowe. The following year, he became Raffi Murphy in the group The High Windows.
In 1969, Murphy moved to New York and produced albums for several groups, including, but not limited to, April Wine, Mashmakhan, Shooter, Brutus, Sea Dog, Chris Bartley, and the Rock Garden.
Songwriting.
In 1971, Murphy had a number two country hit with Jeannie C. Riley titled "Good Enough to be Your Wife" which gave Murphy his first introduction to Nashville. In 1978, Murphy moved to Nashville and began a joint venture publishing/production company with Roger Cook called PICALIC. The company achieved its first number one hit within a year with a song by Crystal Gayle called "Talking in Your Sleep", written by Bobby Wood and Roger Cook. In 1978, Murphy cowrote "Half the Way" with Bobby Wood, which was recorded by Crystal Gayle and became a number one hit. In 1980 Murphy cowrote "He Got You" with Bobby Wood, which was recorded by Ronnie Milsap and also became a number one hit. Murphys' most recent success as "21st Century Christmas", cowritten with Paul Brady and recorded by Cliff Richard which made it to number 2 on the UK charts. Other artists that have recorded Murphy's songs include Randy Travis, Ray Price, Don Williams, Kathy Mattea, Little Texas, Shania Twain, Brotherhood of Man, Vanity Fair, and many more.
Murphy has worked with ASCAP for the past 14 years to facilitate workshops for songwriters, and help protect songwriters rights. He is the author of the noted "Murphy's Laws of Songwriting", which he has posted to his website to help aspiring writers obtain success in their own careers, and has recently released an album of his previously recorded hits and also several of his own favorite previously unrecorded songs.
Other affiliations.
Murphy is a member of the Country Music Association, currently serves on the board of the Canadian Country Music Association. Currently a member of the Songwriters Association of Canada and the Songwriter's Guild of America. He is a former president of the Nashville Songwriter's Association, and a former President of the Nashville Chapter of the National Academy of the Recording Arts and Sciences and former Trustee of NARAS.

</doc>
<doc id="18596738" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18596738" title="James L. Wells">
James L. Wells

James Lee Wells (1843 West Farms, Westchester County - September 5, 1928 The Bronx, New York City) was an American businessman and politician. He became known as Father of The Bronx which title was officially conferred on him by the Bronx Board of Trade in May 1921.
Life.
He was born, and lived, in West Farms which was then a town in Westchester County. In 1874, West Farms was part of the Bronx District which was annexed by New York County and became the 23rd and 24th Wards. Since 1898, West Farms is a neighborhood in the Borough of The Bronx in New York City. 
He graduated from Columbia College in 1865, and became a real estate broker and auctioneer.
He was a member of the New York State Assembly in 1879 (Westchester Co., 1st D.) and 1880 (New York Co., 24th D.). He was a member of the Board of Aldermen of New York City from 1881 to 1883.
He was again a member of the State Assembly (New York Co., 24th D.) in 1892. In June 1895, he was appointed by Mayor William L. Strong a Commissioner of Taxes and Assessments to fill the unexpired term of John Whalen until 1899. Mayor Seth Low appointed him President of the Tax Commission. 
He was the Republican and Citizens Union candidate for borough president of The Bronx in 1901, but was defeated. He was a delegate to the 1912, 1920 and 1924 Republican National Conventions. 
He was New York State Treasurer from 1915 to 1920, elected at the New York state election, 1914, and re-elected at the New York state election, 1916, and the New York state election, 1918. 
He was President of the North Side Board of Trade, a director of the Twenty-third Ward Bank, a trustee of the Dollar Savings Bank, and President of the Real Estate Auctioneers' Association of New York City.
His daughter Edith Wells married Rev. Charles C. Harriman, Rector of St. Ann's Church in The Bronx, in 1908, and died three years later aged 23.
He died at his home at 277 Alexander Avenue, in the Bronx.

</doc>
<doc id="18596745" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18596745" title="Tom Galley">
Tom Galley

Thomas "Tom" Galley (4 August 1915 – 12 July 2000) was an English international footballer, who spent the majority of his league career with Wolverhampton Wanderers.
Career.
Galley joined Wolverhampton Wanderers in 1933, signing professionally the following year before making his league debut on 5 January 1935 in a goalless draw at Sunderland. 
He established himself in the second half of the 1935–36 season and the next campaign saw him score 16 times, his best-ever seasonal tally. A versatile attacker, he occupied many different positions over his 14-year stay at Molineux.
During the war, he served in France and Germany with the Royal Artillery, and guested for Aldershot, Leeds and Watford. Either side of the conflict, he was a regular player in the Wolves side, forming a prolific forward line with Dennis Westcott and appearing in the 1939 FA Cup Final and 1942 War Cup Final. 
Galley won two England caps during his Wolves career, making a goalscoring debut against Norway on 14 May 1937, and winning a second and final cap three days later against Sweden.
He moved to Grimsby Town in November 1947, where he became captain, before later moving on to Kidderminster Harriers.

</doc>
<doc id="18596757" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18596757" title="Aethalochroa affinis">
Aethalochroa affinis

Aethalochroa affinis, common name Pakistani Stick Mantis, is a species of praying mantis native to Pakistan. 

</doc>
<doc id="18596768" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18596768" title="Symphony No. 30 (Haydn)">
Symphony No. 30 (Haydn)

The Symphony No. 30 in C major, Hoboken I/30, is a symphony by Joseph Haydn composed in 1765. It is nicknamed the Alleluia Symphony because of Haydn's use of a Gregorian Alleluia chant in the opening movement.
Description.
The Alleluia chant of the first movement has been confused with the principal melodic line in the finale of Mozart's Symphony No. 41 in C major. Mozart did use this Alleluia chant melody for his Alleluia Canon, K. 533, written shortly after he completed his C major symphony.
The work is scored for flute, two oboes, bassoon, two horns, trumpets, timpani, and strings with continuo. The use of timpani in this symphony remains an unresolved matter. In his cycle, for example, Antal Dorati omits them. Several more recent performances, however, have included timpani.
The work is in three movements:
The Alleluia motif dominates the first movement. It's the first theme; the second theme is also derived from it and it's also included in the closing material of the exposition. In the development, after the first theme is restated, the first three notes of the motif (do-re-mi) are repeated seven times at different pitch levels against sixteenth-note accompaniment.
The second movement contains numerous solo concertante passages for the flute. The rare choice of the dominant key for a second movement (subdominant was more common in Haydn) was likely because G major was a favorable key for the flute. Another Haydn symphonic movement which contains the solo flute to an even greater degree is 24/ii.

</doc>
<doc id="18596780" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18596780" title="Netani Suka">
Netani Suka

Netani Suka (born in Fiji) is a rugby league player who currently plays for the Wentworthville Magpies in the Bundaberg Red Cup. He plays in the second-row. He is a Fijian international. He has previously played Premier League for the Wests Tigers and Penrith Panthers and for the Gateshead Thunder in National League Two..
He has been named in the Fiji training squad for the 2008 Rugby League World Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="18596796" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18596796" title="Aethalochroa spinipes">
Aethalochroa spinipes

Aethalochroa spinipes, common name Stick Mantis, is a species of praying mantis native to Pakistan and India. 

</doc>
<doc id="18596827" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18596827" title="María Elena Giusti">
María Elena Giusti

María Elena Giusti Lugo (born November 13, 1968) is a retired synchronized swimmer from Venezuela. She won a silver and a bronze medal at the Pan American Games in the Women's Solo Competition, and twice represented her native country at the Summer Olympics (1988 and 1992). Also she took part in Perth's world championships (Australia, 1991) and Rome (Italy, 1995) where she obtained 6to and 5to place respectively.

</doc>
<doc id="18596831" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18596831" title="List of political and geographic subdivisions by total area in excess of 1,000,000 km²">
List of political and geographic subdivisions by total area in excess of 1,000,000 km²


</doc>
<doc id="18596866" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18596866" title="Pyrgomantis pallida">
Pyrgomantis pallida

Pyrgomantis pallida is a species of praying mantis found in Burkina Faso, Ghana, Guinea, Cameroon, Congo, Nigeria, and Togo.

</doc>
<doc id="18596875" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18596875" title="List of political and geographic subdivisions by total area from 500,000 to 1,000,000 km²">
List of political and geographic subdivisions by total area from 500,000 to 1,000,000 km²


</doc>
<doc id="18596882" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18596882" title="General Stafford">
General Stafford

James Joseph "General" Stafford (January 30, 1868 – September 18, 1923) was a Major League Baseball player from 1890 to 1899. He played for the Buffalo Bisons, New York Giants, Louisville Colonels, Boston Beaneaters, and Washington Senators. Stafford stood at and weighed 165 lbs. His younger brother, John, was also a Major League Baseball player.
Career.
Stafford was born in Thompson, Connecticut. In 1887, at the age of 19, he started his professional baseball career in the Eastern League. He then moved over to the Worcester Grays of the Atlantic Association for the next few years. During this time, Stafford was mainly a pitcher but also played as an outfielder occasionally. He had his best pitching season in 1888, when he went 16–7 with a 2.87 earned run average.
After a short stint in the Players' League in 1890, Stafford went to the Western Association in 1891 and then the California League in 1892. In 1893, he was acquired by the National League's Giants. He had given up pitching by this time. While Stafford never put up good hitting numbers in the major leagues, he was versatile in the field. With the Giants, he was mainly an outfielder in 1893; a third baseman in 1894; the starting second baseman in 1895; and an outfielder again in 1896.
Stafford was traded to Louisville in May 1897 and was a shortstop for the remainder of the season. He also slugged a career-high seven home runs, which was the sixth-best total in the league. After 1897, Stafford had short stints with Boston and Washington before retiring in 1900. Overall, he played 571 games in the majors, including 251 as an outfielder, 161 as a second baseman, and 131 as a shortstop.
Stafford died in 1923, at the age of 55, in Worcester, Massachusetts. He was buried in Calvary Cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="18596887" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18596887" title="List of political and geographic subdivisions by total area from 200,000 to 500,000 km²">
List of political and geographic subdivisions by total area from 200,000 to 500,000 km²


</doc>
<doc id="18596890" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18596890" title="Evgeni Yordanov (athlete)">
Evgeni Yordanov (athlete)

Evgeni Yotov Yordanov (, born May 5, 1940) is a Bulgarian track and field athlete who competed in the 1964 Summer Olympics.
In 1964 he finished twelfth in the high jump event.

</doc>
<doc id="18596893" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18596893" title="Painter (disambiguation)">
Painter (disambiguation)

A painter is a creative artist in the medium of painting.
Painter may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18596908" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18596908" title="Pyrgomantis rhodesica">
Pyrgomantis rhodesica

Pyrgomantis rhodesica is a species of praying mantis found in Botswana, Namibia, Transvaal, Zambia, and Zimbabwe.

</doc>
<doc id="18596911" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18596911" title="One Hot Minute Tour">
One Hot Minute Tour

The One Hot Minute Tour (also known as The Wild Tour) was a concert tour by the Red Hot Chili Peppers from 1995-1997 to support their album "One Hot Minute". This was the first and only major tour guitarist Dave Navarro performed on with the band. The "One Hot Minute" era got off to a rocky start with extensive delays in recording; once the tour was underway there was a variety of mishaps and upheavals that at one point caused Flea to rethink being part the Red Hot Chili Peppers. The U.S. leg of the tour was intended to start in 1995 however was postponed to the following year because drummer Chad Smith broke his arm in a baseball game. A total of 33 dates were canceled due various other problems including a broken arm suffered by singer Anthony Kiedis which eventually led to another drug relapse. Lack of chemistry with Navarro was also a major problem since he joined the band and continued to become a problem as the tour went on. Navarro played his final show with the band in July 1997 during a massive rain storm which cut the band's set short. After spending the entire year of 1997 doing nothing and making some minor attempts to record new music, Navarro was eventually let go in early 1998 and replaced not long after by a returning John Frusciante who quit the band in 1992.
Tour overview.
Some of the U.S. shows opened with a jam that consisted of "Freaky Styley" and Parliament Funkadelic's "Night of the Thumpasorus Peoples" with Kiedis providing his own rap over the Parliament song. The jam would go right into and "Suck My Kiss". Out of the album's thirteen songs, "Falling Into Grace", "One Hot Minute" and "Tearjerker" were the only songs to never be performed live. "Pea" is the only song from the album to be performed live in full since the tour's end in 1997, although "My Friends" and "Walkabout" were briefly teased in 2012 and 2013 respectively. 
This tour marked the last time "Aeroplane", "Coffee Shop", "Deep Kick", "My Friends", "Nevermind", "One Big Mob", "Shallow Be Thy Game", "Stone Cold Bush", "Transcending", "Walkabout" and "Warped" were performed live.
Tour.
First North American leg.
All dates on the band's November–December 1995 dates had to be re-scheduled because drummer Chad Smith broke his wrist. The North American tour would eventually kick off on February 6, 1996.
Cancelled 1997 tour.
The entire leg of this tour was cancelled except for Navarro's final U.S. appearance with the band on the January 24, 1997 episode of the Late Show with David Letterman and June 26, 1997 for the Fuji Rock Festival, which ended up being the last performance with Dave Navarro. The set was cut short due to a massive storm. The band decided to cancel the rest of the tour to focus on recording a new album though both Kiedis and Navarro relapsed into drugs and the follow-up album with Navarro would never get made. Navarro would eventually be fired in April 1998 and replaced not long after by John Frusciante.
Opening acts.
Iggy Pop joined the band onstage at the 2/9/96 show to cover his song "I Wanna Be Your Dog". MTV also aired the first few songs of this show live. MTV titled the special "Online and Onstage with the Red Hot Chili Peppers". A segment before the live performance was shown with the band answering online questions from fans in an AOL chatroom. MTV would also air another special from this performance which featured the band as cameras followed them around throughout the day up until showtime. The Peppers also performed with "socks on cocks" for the first time with Dave and were joined by backing singer, Rob Rule, who also wore a sock, and backing singer, Rain Phoenix who performed topless.

</doc>
<doc id="18596917" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18596917" title="Mickey Witek">
Mickey Witek

Nicholas Joseph "Mickey" Witek (December 19, 1915 – August 24, 1990) was an American professional baseball player. He played all or part of seven seasons in Major League Baseball during the 1940s for the New York Giants and New York Yankees, primarily as a second baseman. A native of Luzerne, Pennsylvania, he threw and batted right-handed and was listed as tall, and weighing .
Witek started and ended his career with the Yankee organization, but played all but two of his 581 MLB games as a member of the National League Giants, as a second baseman, shortstop and third baseman. In 1943, as the Giants' regular second baseman, he appeared in 153 games, batting .314 (fifth in the NL), and amassing 195 hits (second in the league). He led the Senior Circuit in singles (172) and finished 12th in the National League Most Valuable Player voting. Defensively, he led NL second basemen in fielding percentage in 1942, and although he topped the league's second basemen in errors with 31 in 1943, he also led the NL in putouts and assists that season.
In 1944–45 Witek's career was interrupted while he served in the United States Coast Guard during World War II. His playing time diminished with the Giants in 1946 as Buddy Blattner claimed the regular second base job, and Witek finished his major league career with one at bat for the 1949 Yankees, as a pinch hitter, singling against Mel Parnell of the Boston Red Sox. He played one more season in the minor leagues in 1950 before retiring.

</doc>
<doc id="18596920" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18596920" title="Pyrgomantis ornatipes">
Pyrgomantis ornatipes

Pyrgomantis ornatipes is a species of praying mantis found in Ethiopia.

</doc>
<doc id="18596922" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18596922" title="People's Party of Catalonia">
People's Party of Catalonia

The People's Party of Catalonia (, , PPC) is a centre-right and Spanish unionist political party in Catalonia. It is the Catalan affiliate of the Spanish People's Party.

</doc>
<doc id="18596928" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18596928" title="Howard Schwartz">
Howard Schwartz

Howard Schwartz (born April 21, 1945 in St. Louis, Missouri) is a widely regarded folklorist, author, poet, and editor of dozens of books. He has won the international Koret Jewish Book Award, for the book "Before You Were Born", and won the 2005 National Jewish Book Award for "Tree of Souls: The Mythology of Judaism". He has been featured in the Jewish Children's Book Project, local media in his hometown of Saint Louis, "The Jerusalem Post", and "The Canadian Jewish News", as well as in many other publications.
Parents and early life.
Schwartz was born April 21, 1945 to Nathan and Bluma (Rubin)
Publications and awards.
Schwartz's later work in Jewish folklore, fiction, poetry, and children's literature has been recognized by more than forty organizations and literary bodies. He won the Aesop Prize from the American Folklore Society, the American Book Award from the Before Columbus Foundation, and the Sydney Taylor Book Award, among others.
More recently, the author was awarded the 2005 National Jewish Book Award for his reference book "Tree of Souls: The Mythology of Judaism", an extensive attempt--almost 700 pages--to demonstrate the existence of a Jewish mythology. His children's story "Before You Were Born" was named one of the top ten children's books of 2005 and was given the Koret International Jewish Book Award from the Koret Foundation in 2006. "Before You Were Born" describes the angel Lailah, who shares all the secrets of life with children while they are still inside the womb.
Schwartz has been nominated for the National Jewish Book Award six times and has won the award three times.
Schwartz works with oral and written sources as a collector and re-teller of Jewish stories and midrash. In this capacity, he has collected more than a thousand unique tales from around the world in several major collections. 

</doc>
<doc id="18596931" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18596931" title="Pyrgomantis jonesi">
Pyrgomantis jonesi

Pyrgomantis jonesi, common name Jones' Mantis, is a species of praying mantis found in Burkina Faso, Ghana, Cameroon, Nigeria, Niger, and Senegal.

</doc>
<doc id="18596938" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18596938" title="List of political and geographic subdivisions by total area from 100,000 to 200,000 km²">
List of political and geographic subdivisions by total area from 100,000 to 200,000 km²


</doc>
<doc id="18596939" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18596939" title="Pyrgomantis bisignata">
Pyrgomantis bisignata

Pyrgomantis bisignata, common name Jones' Mantis, is a species of praying mantis found in the Congo River region.

</doc>
<doc id="18596945" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18596945" title="Pyrgomantis congica">
Pyrgomantis congica

Pyrgomantis congica is a species of praying mantis found in Angola, Tanzania, and the Congo River region.

</doc>
<doc id="18596959" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18596959" title="Pyrgomantis fasciata">
Pyrgomantis fasciata

Pyrgomantis fasciata is a species of praying mantis found in Angola, Tanzania, Mozambique, Transvaal and the Congo River region.

</doc>
<doc id="18596966" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18596966" title="Rastriya Praja Party">
Rastriya Praja Party

Rastriya Praja Party was a political party in Nepal, founded in 1952 when Matrika Prasad Koirala broke away from the Nepali Congress. As the leader of the party, M.P. Koiralawas appointed prime minister by the King. The party did however, not develop any major support base of its own. A splinter-group of the party did later join the Praja Parishad of Tanka Prasad Acharya.

</doc>
<doc id="18596971" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18596971" title="Pyrgomantis mabuia">
Pyrgomantis mabuia

Pyrgomantis mabuia is a species of praying mantis found in Uganda.

</doc>
<doc id="18596981" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18596981" title="Al Spohrer">
Al Spohrer

Alfred Ray Spohrer (December 3, 1902 in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania – July 17, 1972 in Plymouth, New Hampshire), was an American professional baseball player. He played in Major League Baseball as a catcher for the New York Giants and Boston Braves. 
Baseball career.
He began his professional baseball career in at the age of 18 with the Winston-Salem Twins of the Piedmont League. In he joined the Wilkes-Barre Barons where he posted a .333 batting average in 98 games, winning the Most Valuable Player Award for the New York-Pennsylvania League. The Barons sold Spohrer's contract to John McGraw's New York Giants for $10,000, a record for a Class B player at the time.
Spohrer made his major league debut with the New York Giants on April 13, 1928 at the age of 25 but, after only two games, he was traded along with Virgil Barnes, Ben Cantwell and Bill Clarkson to the Boston Braves for Joe Genewich. He served as a backup catcher for the Braves working behind Zack Taylor in 1928. In 1929, Taylor was traded to the Chicago Cubs and Spohrer became the Braves starting catcher, posting a .272 batting average with 21 doubles and 48 runs batted in. Although he led National League catchers in errors, he finished second in games caught and third in putouts.
Spohrer had his best season offensively in 1930 when he posted a .361 on-base percentage, a .441 slugging percentage and led the Braves with a .317 batting average in 112 games. That season, a lively ball wound with special Australian wool was used by major league baseball, resulting in a league batting average that was above .300 for the only time in baseball history. In , the National League introduced a new, heavier ball to counteract the prodigious offensive statistics of the previous year. The raised stitching on the ball allowed pitchers to grip the ball better and throw sharper curveballs.
From 1933 to 1935 Spohrer shared catching duties with Shanty Hogan who had been obtained from the New York Giants. In February 1936, Spohrer was released to the Columbus Red Birds of the American Association. He decided to retire as a baseball player at the age of 32 rather than play in the minor leagues.
Spohrer is remembered for a game in against the Chicago Cubs at Wrigley Field when, he tried to distract one of baseball's greatest hitters during an at bat. Rogers Hornsby, who had been Spohrer's teammate on the Braves in before being traded to the Cubs, was known for his love of a good steak dinner. As Hornsby stepped up to home plate to take his turn at bat, Spohrer made an attempt to distract him from his hitting by talking about the great steaks available from a butcher back home in Boston. Hornsby replied, "Is that so?" as the first pitch was a called strike. Spohrer proceeded to tell Hornsby that his wife was also an extremely capable cook as strike two was called. Spohrer continued with his ruse by telling Hornsby that during his next visit to Boston, he was welcome to the Spohrer household to try one of these steaks whereupon, Hornsby proceeded to hit the next pitch out of the park for a home run. After rounding the bases and touching home plate, Hornsby was said to have asked Spohrer, "What night shall we make it, Al?"
In January , Spohrer tried his hand at boxing, losing in four rounds by technical knockout to Chicago White Sox player Art Shires at the Boston Garden. Ironically, the two players became roommates when Shires joined the Braves in 1932.
Career statistics.
In an 8-year major league career, Spohrer played in 756 games, accumulating 575 hits in 2,218 at bats for a .259 career batting average along with 6 home runs, 199 runs batted in and an on-base percentage of .301. He retired with a .979 fielding percentage.

</doc>
<doc id="18596982" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18596982" title="Pyrgomantis mitrata">
Pyrgomantis mitrata

Pyrgomantis mitrata is a species of praying mantis found in the Congo River region.

</doc>
<doc id="18596986" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18596986" title="Dizzywood">
Dizzywood

Dizzywood was an online game and virtual world developed in San Francisco, California by the entertainment company Rocket Paper Scissors, LLC. It is designed for children between the ages of 8 and 14 years old and has a focus on teamwork, cooperation and collaborative play. The company received funding from well-known investors including Shelby Bonnie (co-founder and former CEO of CNET Networks) and Charles River Ventures.
Dizzywood was launched into public beta in November, 2007 and has grown rapidly, reaching over 400,000 monthly global visitors. Most visitors come from the United States and other English-speaking countries. The game is a visual chat and social game application similar to Club Penguin or Habbo Hotel, with adventure and quest components similar to "RuneScape" and other MMO games. It is currently free to play but many bonuses and extras require paying to be a "Gold" or "Silver Explorer". The developers have announced that subscriptions to access premium content will be available later.
The Avatars.
Players can select and customize an avatar upon registration and are immediately placed in-world. The avatars appear as stylized cartoon depictions of human children while many of the non-player characters in Dizzywood appear as anthropomorphic animals. The exploration theme of Dizzywood is immediately apparent as new avatars are equipped with hiking clothes and a backpack. A distinguishing feature of Dizzywood is that players can completely alter their appearance at any time using a feature called Change Your Look.
Players can express their thoughts and feelings via online chat or visually through the use of emotes (happy, angry, etc.) that can be sent to other players.
You can now write a message below your name after you become a paying member. Gold Explorers can do many things such has "gold only" missions. They also get to buy certain clothes and get a mansion with 6 rooms (8 including the main room and the grounds) to decorate any way they choose.
Environment.
Dizzywood's environment ranges from forest to jungle to beaches. There is even a town in the sky and an underground hideout. Each place has a host that updates you on the latest things happening around town. Now there is a new place in Dizzywood.
There's Canal City(Gilbert Square West and East).
Activities and Events.
There are many activities and events in Dizzywood. Most activity takes place in the form of mini-games and group events such as growing a plant or tree or finding a treasure in a rock pile. The site also produces several daily events, called Dizzy Activities, that follow short story-arcs and typically unfold over a four-day period each week. Most of the story-driven activities involve players attempting to defeat the game's arch-villain, Emperor Withering. For example, a recent story-line encouraged players to clean up pollution and fix broken machines that were destroyed by Withering's henchmen. From finishing a mission you can receive a special item, coins, or it can unlock other related missions.
Closing.
Dizzywood was said to close on December 31, 2010, but it remained in the US until January 12, 2011.
App.
On September 20th, 2012, Dizzywood posted an app at the iTunes store. This app was later updated on October 10th, 2012 with new levels. This app is a game in the style of Dizzwood, where the player moves around the 'diamonds' to get three or over in a row. If you get a certain kind and number of one of the coloured diamonds, you earn enough points to destroy the swamp creatures. The objective of this game is to 'save the swamp' and there are many levels to do so. This was designed by the creators of Dizzywood, Rocket Paper Scissors. This has been thought to be the new update Dizzywood wrote about in their last blog article, however this is speculation, as there has been no official word on the matter yet.

</doc>
<doc id="18596988" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18596988" title="Trimeresurus sumatranus">
Trimeresurus sumatranus

Trimeresurus sumatranus is a venomous pitviper species found in Thailand, Malaysia and Indonesia. Arboreal, its coloration is pale green with a red tail. Two subspecies are currently recognized, including the nominate subspecies described here.
Description.
"Trimeresurus sumatranus" is a large heavy-bodied pitviper, with a prehensile tail. Adults may attain SVL (snout-vent length), with fangs over 10 mm (⅜ inch) long.
It is an arboreal species that is pale green in color with a red tail. The dorsal scales are edged with black, which may form crossbands in more mature specimens. There is a white or yellow stripe on each side along the first row of dorsal scales. Ventrally it is greenish or yellowish, and the ventral scales may be thinly edged with black.
Scalation includes 21 (23) rows of dorsal scales at midbody, 183-190/182-191 ventral scales in males/females, 57-66/55-64 subcaudal scales in males/females, and 8-10 supralabial scales.
Habitat.
In Borneo it inhabits lowland forests at elevations below .
Behavior.
It is nocturnal, climbing onto low branches to hunt its prey.
Diet.
The diet consists mainly of small mammals, birds, and frogs.
Geographic range.
Found in southern Thailand, West and East Malaysia (Sabah and Sarawak on Borneo) and Indonesia (Bangka, Billiton, Borneo, Sumatra and the nearby islands of Simalur, Nias, and possibly the Mentawai Islands [Sipora]). The type locality given is "Sumatra."
According to Gumprecht "et al." (2004), the records regarding its occurrence in the Mentawai Islands are probably based on "T. hageni".
Venom.
Because it is a large snake with large fangs, "Trimeresurus sumatranus" can inject large quantities of venom. Fatalities from its bite have been reported, and it should be considered extremely dangerous.

</doc>
<doc id="18596990" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18596990" title="Godoberi people">
Godoberi people

The Godoberi are one of the Andi-Dido peoples of Dagestan. They numbered 1,425 in 1926 and about 4,500 in 2007. They live mainly in the three villages of Godoberi (abt 2500), Ziberkhali (abt 60) and Beledi (abt 10) in the Botlikh district. About 1800 Godoberis live on the plains of Dagestan in Terechnoye (close to the city of Khasavyurt).
Most Godoberi are followers of Sunni Islam. They had their own feudal free community that had a loose relationship with the Avar Khanate prior to the annexation of the area to Russia in 1806. 
During the transition from Czarist to Communist rule many Godoberi became involved in nationalistic and pan-Islamic movements. Among these were Firkatul-Vedzhan. Large numbers of the supporters of such movements were killed by Soviet authorities around 1930.
Sources.
Kolga et al., "The Red Book of the Peoples of the Russian Empire", p. 129-132.

</doc>
<doc id="18596998" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18596998" title="Port Meadow Halt railway station">
Port Meadow Halt railway station

Port Meadow Halt was a railway station on the Varsity Line, between north Oxford and Port Meadow. The London and North Western Railway opened the halt as "Summertown" on 20 August 1906 and renamed it "Port Meadow Halt" in January 1907. It was closed between 1 January 1917 and 5 May 1919, and the London, Midland and Scottish Railway permanently closed it on 30 October 1926. It was located on the north side of a footbridge leading from the present-day Aristotle Lane into Port Meadow, close to an occupation crossing which also gave access to the up platform.
The opening of the station marked the inauguration of a rail motor car service between Oxford and Bicester. Journey time was 37 minutes and, other than Port Meadow and Bicester, the service called at , , , , and . On the opening day the rail motor ran hot at the end of a return trip from Bicester in the early part of the morning and a 2-4-2 locomotive hauling an 8-wheel corridor coach replaced it; a step-ladder had to be provided for passengers to alight as the halts were only constructed of sleepers laid at rail level. The rail motor service was withdrawn as a wartime economy measure in 1917 and restored in 1919. It was permanently withdrawn from 1925 due to the introduction of motorised bus services around Oxford.

</doc>
<doc id="18597008" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18597008" title="Pyrgomantis nasuta">
Pyrgomantis nasuta

Pyrgomantis nasuta is a species of praying mantis found in Angola, Cape Province, Cameroon, Kenya, Natal, Namibia, Somalia, and Tanzania. It has previously been identified as "Mantis nasuta" (Thunberg 1784) and as "Mantis capensis" (Gmelin-Linné 1790).

</doc>
<doc id="18597014" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18597014" title="Pyrgomantis runifera">
Pyrgomantis runifera

Pyrgomantis runifera is a species of praying mantis found in the Congo River area. 

</doc>
<doc id="18597018" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18597018" title="Pyrgomantis signatifrons">
Pyrgomantis signatifrons

Pyrgomantis signatifrons is a species of praying mantis found in the Congo River area. 

</doc>
<doc id="18597040" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18597040" title="Buzava">
Buzava

The Buzava or Buzava Kalmyks are the ethnic Kalmyk people centered in the western Republic of Kalmykia, in the present day Southern Federal District of Russia. 
In 1699 group of the Oirat Dörbets, a Choros clan within the Mongol tribe, migrated from the Buddhist Oirat Kalmyks people in the Volga River area to join the Don Cossacks people. They eventually became called the Buzava Kalmyks. 
They resettled with the Don Cossacks along the middle and lower Don River in Kalmykia.

</doc>
<doc id="18597053" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18597053" title="Achnatherum coronatum">
Achnatherum coronatum

Stipa coronata, formerly classified as Achnatherum coronatum, is a greenish species of grass known by the common name crested needlegrass, giant ricegrass, and giant stipa. 
Distribution.
The grass is native to southern California and Baja California, where it grows on the coastal and inland hills, often in chaparral, oak woodland, and yellow pine forest plant communities. It grows from sea level to in elevation. "Stipa coronatum" is found in the Peninsular Ranges, Transverse Ranges, southern Outer California Coast Ranges, and the Channel Islands. 
Description.
"Stipa coronatum" is a perennial grass forming loose bunches up to about in maximum height, but usually shorter. The clumps expand by short rhizomes. This species is similar to its inland relative, "Stipa parishii", and occasionally the two intergrade in characteristics and are easily confused. 
The grass bears a generous inflorescence up to 60 centimeters long with large spikelets up to 2 centimeters long each, not including an awn of up to 4.5 centimeters. The awn has two distinct kinks.

</doc>
<doc id="18597056" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18597056" title="Pyrgomantis simillima">
Pyrgomantis simillima

Pyrgomantis simillima is a species of praying mantis found in Tanzania, Transvaal, and Zimbabwe. It was originally identified as two separate species: "Pyrgomantis curta" (Beier, 1954) and "Pyrgomantis simillima" (also Beier, 1954). 

</doc>
<doc id="18597070" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18597070" title="Pyrgomantis singularis">
Pyrgomantis singularis

Pyrgomantis singularis is a species of praying mantis found in Kenya, Natal, Tanzania, and the Transvaal. 

</doc>
<doc id="18597073" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18597073" title="Wolvercote Halt railway station">
Wolvercote Halt railway station

Wolvercote Halt was a railway station at Upper Wolvercote near Oxford on the Varsity Line. The London and North Western Railway opened the halt in 1905 and the London, Midland and Scottish Railway closed it in 1926. It was situated on the southern side of First Turn.

</doc>
<doc id="18597080" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18597080" title="Pyrgomantis wellmanni">
Pyrgomantis wellmanni

Pyrgomantis wellmanni is a species of praying mantis found in Angola. 

</doc>
<doc id="18597084" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18597084" title="Triops newberryi">
Triops newberryi

Triops newberryi is a species of "Triops" found on the western coast of North America, commonly in valleys throughout the states of Washington, Oregon, California, and small areas of Nevada, Utah, New Mexico, and Mexico, with at least one disjunct population in Kansas. They are found in vast numbers though in the Coachella Valley in California. "T. newberryi" has been reported to have potential as a biocontrol agent for larval mosquitoes breeding in seasonally-flooded habitats. "T. newberryi" is genetically distinct from "T. longicaudatus", the dominant species in the Central United States.

</doc>
<doc id="18597086" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18597086" title="Bzhedug people">
Bzhedug people

Bzhedug or Bazdug (; ) are one of the twelve tribal divisions of the Adyghe Circassians.
Many of them emigrated to Turkey in the 1860s, but there is still a community of Bzhedug on the left bank of the Kuban River (in the vicinity of Krasnodar). The Bzhedug people live in Adygea and Krasnodar Krai, and are well represented in the Adyghe (Circassian) diaspora in all countries of residence. Even in ancient times the Bzhedug people were divided into four tribes.
History.
Originally lived in the area of river Shahe, between Tuapse and Sochi. Later they divided in 2 groups: those who lived close to the black Sea (Abhiaskis) and Adygeans (territory of Kuban river). This migration was causes by overpopulation and warlike neighbors to their Black Sea’s territories. Bzhdugs were subdivided on Chechenay tribe (river Psequps and Psish) and Hamish tribe (river Afips and Psequps). They were involved in cattle breeding and agriculture, growing mostly crops and corn. Bzhedugs speak their special dialect. It is at present closest to that of Temirgoy tribe.
Language.
The Bzhedugs people speak the Bzhedug language (), a dialect of the Adyghe language.

</doc>
<doc id="18597091" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18597091" title="Ninja Combat">
Ninja Combat

Gameplay.
The journey takes the ninja heroes from an amusement park to the top of a tower. Along the way, they must survive endless attacks from the members of Kage Ichizoku and their minions. The protagonists Joe and Hayabusa uses shurikens as their primary weapon, although other weapons that aid them along the way are nunchakus, maces, ratchets, battle axes, spiked clubs, and katanas. A special somersault attack can be used to knock down a multiple enemies in a row. As an art of "ninpo kairou", a fire dragon can be summon to destroy all enemies on the screen.
Plot.
The story, set in the year "199X", follows the twin ninja warriors Joe (ジョー) and Hayabusa (ハヤブサ, lit. "Falcon") (curiously sharing their names with Joe Musashi and Ryu Hayabusa), who are waging a battle against an evil ninja clan Kage Ichizoku (影一族, lit. "Shadow Family"). Their mission is to fight their way into the enemy home fortress, Ninja Tower (ニンジャタワー, "Ninjatawa"), which has emerged from the oean in the center of New York City, to once and for all destroy the Shadow Family and its leader, the long thought-dead demon sorcerer Genyousai, and crumble the Ninja Tower. When defeated, three of the bosses: Musashi (ムサシ), Kagerow (カゲロウ, lit. "Mayfly") and Gembu (ゲンブ), become allies and fight alongside Joe and Hayabusa as optional player characters.
Soundtrack.
The original soundtrack from both "Ninja Combat" and "The Super Spy", along with the arranged versions by SNK Sound Team and KONNY, was released by Pony Canyon and Scitron on November 21, 1990, before the game was released.
Virtual Console.
"Ninja Combat" was re-released through Nintendo's Virtual Console download service in Europe and Australia on October 26, 2007, and in North America on June 2, 2008. It is also one of the five games ported to the PlayStation 2 in the game compilation "ADK Tamashii" in 2008.
Reception.
The game was poorly received by critics. On release, "Famicom Tsūshin" scored the Neo Geo version a 22/40. "Ninja Combat" for the Virtual Console received the score of only 3.5/10 from IGN. 

</doc>
<doc id="18597105" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18597105" title="Badminton at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Women's singles">
Badminton at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Women's singles

These are the results of the women's singles competition in badminton at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing.
The tournament consisted of a single-elimination tournament. Matches were played using a best-of-three games format. Games were played to 21 points, using rally scoring. Each game had to be won by a margin of two points, except when the game was won by a player who reached 30 even if the lead was only 1 at that point. 
The top eight seeds in the tournament were placed in the bracket so as not to face each other until the quarterfinals. All other competitors were placed by draw.

</doc>
<doc id="18597114" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18597114" title="Wrestling at the 1984 Summer Olympics – Men's freestyle 68 kg">
Wrestling at the 1984 Summer Olympics – Men's freestyle 68 kg

The Men's Freestyle 68 kg at the 1984 Summer Olympics as part of the wrestling program were held at the Anaheim Convention Center, Anaheim, California.
Tournament results.
The wrestlers are divided into 2 groups. The winner of each group decided by a double-elimination system. 

</doc>
<doc id="18597117" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18597117" title="Yung Berg discography">
Yung Berg discography

This is the discography for rapper Yung Berg.

</doc>
<doc id="18597120" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18597120" title="Steamboats of the Mississippi">
Steamboats of the Mississippi

Steamboats played a major role in the 19th-century development of the Mississippi River and its tributaries by allowing the practical large-scale transport of passengers and freight both up- and down-river. Using steam power, riverboats were developed during that time which could navigate in shallow waters as well as upriver against strong currents. After the development of railroads passenger traffic gradually switched to this faster form of transportation, but steamboats continued to serve Mississippi River commerce into the early 20th Century.
Geography.
The Mississippi is one of the world’s great rivers. It spans of length as measured using its northernmost west fork, the Missouri River, which starts in the Rocky Mountains in Montana, joining the Mississippi proper in the state of Missouri. The Ohio River and Tennessee River are other tributaries on its east, and the Arkansas, Platte and Red River of Texas on the west. The Mississippi itself starts at Itasca Lake in Minnesota, and the river wends its way through the center of the country, forming part of the boundary of ten states, dividing east and west, and furthering trade and culture.
Background.
Steamboats on the Mississippi benefited from technology and political changes. The US bought the Louisiana Purchase from France in 1803. At the time, a semi-bankrupt Napoleon was attempting to extend his hegemony over Europe in what came to be known as the Napoleonic Wars. As a result, the US was then free to expand westward out of the Ohio valley and into the Great Plains and the Southwest.
The success of the "Charlotte Dundas" in Scotland in 1801 and Robert Fulton's "Clermont" on the Hudson River in 1807 proved the concept of the steamboat. At this time, walking beam mill engines, of Boulton and Watt variety, were dropped onto wood barges with paddles to create an instant powerboat. The overhead engines of "walking beam" type became the standard Atlantic Seaboard paddle engine for the next 80 years. For smaller boats, Watt perfected the side-lever engine with the engine cut down using side bell-cranks to lower the center of gravity. Sidewheel paddlers were the first to enter the scene. In 1811 the steamer "New Orleans" was built in Pittsburgh by Fulton and Livingstone. Fulton started steamboat service between Natchez and New Orleans.
The War of 1812 caused political upheaval in the south, particularly with the Royal Navy blockade of the US Gulf Coast ports but after the Treaty of Ghent and resumption of peace, New Orleans was firmly American, after passing through French and Spanish hands. New Orleans became the great port on the mouth of the Mississippi.
Golden age of steamboats.
The historical roots of the prototypical Mississippi steamboat, or Western Rivers steamboat, can be traced to designs by easterners like James Rumsey, John Fitch, John Stevens, Oliver Evans, Robert Fulton and Daniel French. In the span of just six years the evolution of the prototypical Mississippi steamboat would be well underway:
In the 1810s there were 20 boats on the river; in the 1830s there were 1200 hulls. By the 1820s, with the southern states joining the Union and the land converted to cotton plantations so indicative of the Antebellum South, methods were needed to move the bales of cotton, rice, timber, tobacco and molasses. The steamboat was perfect. America boomed in the age of Jackson. Population moved west, and more farms (and more slavery) were established. In the 1820s Steamers were fueled first by wood, then coal, which pushed barges of coal from
Pittsburgh to New Orleans. Regular steamboat commerce begun between Pittsburgh and Louisville.
Construction of the vessels.
Vessels were made of wood—typically ranging in length from 40 to nearly in length, 10 to wide, drawing only about one to five feet of water loaded, and in fact it was commonly said that they could "navigate on a heavy dew." The boats had kingposts or internal masts to support hogchains, or iron trusses, which prevented the hull from sagging. A second deck was added, the Texas Deck, to provided cabins and passenger areas. All was built from wood. Stairs, galleys, parlors were also added. Often the boats became quite ornate with wood trim, velvet, plush chairs, gilt edging and other trimmings sometimes featured as per the owner's taste and pocketbook. Wood burning boilers were forward center to distribute weight. The engines were also amidships, or at the stern depending on if the vessel was a sternwheeler or sidewheeler. Two rudders were fitted to help steer the ship.
Vessels, on average, only lasted about five years as the wooden hulls would be breached, they were poorly maintained, fires and general wear and tear, and the common boiler explosion. Early trips up the Mississippi River took three weeks to get to the Ohio. Later, with better pilots, more powerful engines and boilers, removal of obstacles and experienced rivermen knowing where the sand bars were, the figure was reduced to 4 days. Collisions and snags were constant perils.
The steamers "Natchez".
"Natchez I".
The first "Natchez" was a low pressure sidewheel steamboat built in New York City in 1823. It originally ran between New Orleans and Natchez, Mississippi, and later catered to Vicksburg, Mississippi. Its most notable passenger was Marquis de Lafayette, the French hero of the American Revolutionary War, in 1825. Fire destroyed it, while in New Orleans, on September 4, 1835.
"Natchez II".
"Natchez II" was the first built for Captain Thomas P. Leathers, at Crayfish Bayou, and ran from 1845 to 1848. It was a fast two-boiler boat, long, with red smokestacks, that sailed between New Orleans and Vicksburg, Mississippi. It was built in Cincinnati, Ohio, Leathers sold it in 1848. It was abandoned in 1852.
"Natchez III".
"Natchez III" was funded by the sale of the first. It was long. Leathers operated it from 1848 to 1853. On March 10, 1866, it sank at Mobile, Alabama due to rotting.
"Natchez IV".
"Natchez IV" was built in Cincinnati, Ohio. It was long, had six boilers, and could hold 4,000 bales of cotton. It operated for six weeks. On January 1, 1854, the ship collided with the "Pearl" at Plaquemine, Louisiana, causing the "Pearl" to sink. A wharf fire on February 5, 1854 at New Orleans caused it to burn down, as did 10-12 other ships.
"Natchez V".
"Natchez V" was also built in Cincinnati, as Captain Leathers returned there quickly after the destruction of the third. It was also six boilers, but this one could hold 4,400 cotton bales. This one was used by Leathers until 1859. In 1860 it was destroyed while serving as a wharfboat at Baton Rouge, Louisiana.
"Natchez VI".
"Natchez VI" was again a Cincinnati-built boat. It was long. The capacity was 5,000 cotton bales but the power remained the same. It helped transport Jefferson Davis from his river plantation home on the Mississippi River after he heard he was chosen president of the Confederacy. Even after the war, Davis would insist on using Leather's boats to transport him to and from his plantation, Brierfield. Natchez VI was also used to transport Confederate troops to Memphis, Tennessee. After Union invaders captured Memphis, the boat was moved to the Yazoo River. On March 13, 1863, it was burned either by accident or to keep it out of Union hands at Honey Island. Remains were raised from the river in 2007.
"Natchez VIII".
"Natchez VIII" was launched August 2, 1879 by the Cincinnati Marine Ways. It was long, with a beam of , floor, and hold depth. It had eight steel boilers that were long and had a diameter of , and thirteen engines. It had 47 elegant staterooms. Camp scenes of Natchez Indians wardancing and sunworshipping ornamented the fore and aft panels of the main cabin, which also had stained glass windows depicting Indians. The total cost of the boat was $125,000. Declaring that the War was over, on March 4, 1885, Leathers raised the American flag when the new "Natchez" passed by Vicksburg, the first time he hoisted the American flag on one of his ships since 1860. By 1887 lack of business had stymied the "Natchez". In 1888 it was renovated back to perfect condition for $6000. In January 1889 it burned down at Lake Providence, Louisiana. Captain Leathers, deciding he was too old to build a new "Natchez", retired. Jefferson Davis sent a letter of condolences on January 5, 1889, to Leathers over the loss of the boat. Much of the cabin was salvageable, but the hull broke up due to sand washing within.
Improved navigation.
In 1824 Congress passes an "Act to Improve the Navigation of the Ohio and
Mississippi Rivers" and "to remove sand bars on the Ohio and planers, sawyers, and snags on the Mississippi". The Army Corps of engineers was given the job. In 1829, there were surveys of the two major obstacles on the upper Mississippi, the Des Moines Rapids and the Rock Island Rapids, where the river was shallow and the riverbed was rock. The Des Moines Rapids were about long and just above the mouth of the Des Moines River at Keokuk, Iowa. The Rock Island Rapids were between Rock Island and Moline, Illinois. Both rapids were considered virtually impassable. In 1848, the Illinois and Michigan Canal was built to connect the Mississippi River to Lake Michigan via the Illinois River near Peru, Illinois. The Army Corps of Engineers recommended the excavation of a deep channel at the Des Moines Rapids, but work did not begin until after Lieutenant Robert E. Lee endorsed the project in 1837. The Corps later also began excavating the Rock Island Rapids. By 1866, it had become evident that excavation was impractical, and it was decided to build a canal around the Des Moines Rapids. The canal opened in 1877, but the Rock Island Rapids remained an obstacle.
St. Louis.
St. Louis became an important trade center, not only for the overland route for the Oregon and California trails, but as a supply point for the Mississippi.
Rapids north of the city made St. Louis the northernmost navigable port for many large boats. The Zebulon Pike and her sisters soon transformed St. Louis into a bustling boom town, commercial center, and inland port. By the 1830s, it was common to see more than 150 steamboats at the St. Louis levee at one time.
Immigrants flooded into St. Louis after 1840, particularly from Germany. During Reconstruction, rural Southern blacks flooded into St. Louis as well, seeking better opportunity. By the 1850s, St. Louis had become the largest U. S. city west of Pittsburgh, and the second-largest port in the country, with a commercial tonnage exceeded only by New York. James Eads was a famed engineer who ran a shipyard and first built riverboats in the 1850s, then armed riverboats and finally the legendary bridge over the Mississippi. His Mound City Ironworks and shipyard was famous, and featured often in the naming of vessels.
Memphis.
Memphis became another major port on the Mississippi.It was the slave port. Hence the city was contested in the Civil War.
The First Battle of Memphis was a naval battle fought on the Mississippi River immediately above the city of Memphis on June 6, 1862, during the American Civil War. The engagement was witnessed by many of the citizens of Memphis. It resulted in a crushing defeat for the Rebels, and marked the virtual eradication of a Confederate naval presence on the river. Despite the lopsided outcome, the Union Army failed to grasp its strategic significance. Its primary historical importance is that it was the last time civilians with no prior military experience were permitted to command ships in combat.
Tom Lee Park on the Memphis riverfront is named for an African-American riverworker who became a civic hero. Tom Lee could not swim. Nevertheless, he single-handedly rescued thirty-two people from drowning when the steamer "M.E. Norman" sank in 1925.
Washington, LA.
The port of Washington, LA was the largest between New Orleans and St. Louis. Products such as cotton, sugar and livestock were brought to Washington overland or by small boat and then transferred to the steam packets for shipment to New Orleans. By the mid-19th century, Washington developed a thriving trade and became the most important port in the vicinity of St. Landry Parish. This can be seen in the number of steamers that used the port and in the volume of freight. In 1860 there were 93 steam packets operating in the Bayou Courtableau trade, as compared with 90 in Bayou Lefourche and 94 in Bayou Teche. An 1877 tabulation showed the total quantity of goods shipped from Washington to New Orleans: 30,000 bales of cotton, 32,000 sacks of cotton seed, 3,000 hogsheads of sugar, 5,800 barrels of molasses, 30,000 dozen poultry, As many as 93 packets came to Washington during the steamboat era which ended in 1900.
Mark Twain.
Many of the works of Mark Twain deal with or take place near the Mississippi River. One of his first major works, Cub Pilot, is in part a history of the river, in part a memoir of Twain's experiences on the river, and a collection of tales that either take place on or are associated with the river. Twain's most famous work, Adventures of Huckleberry Finn, is largely a journey down the river. The novel works as an episodic meditation on American culture with the river having multiple different meanings including independence, escape, freedom, and adventure.
Twain himself worked as a riverboat pilot on the Mississippi for a few years. A steamboat pilot needed a vast knowledge of the ever-changing river to be able to stop at any of the hundreds of ports and wood-lots along the river banks. Twain meticulously studied 2,000 miles (3,200 km) of the Mississippi for more than two years before he received his steamboat pilot license in 1859. While training, he convinced his younger brother Henry to work with him. Henry died on June 21, 1858, when the steamboat he was working on, the "Pennsylvania", exploded.
Boiler explosions.
In the forty years to the mid-century mark, there were some 4,000 fatalities on the river due to boiler explosions. Some 500 vessels were wrecked by the peril. Early boilers were riveted of weak iron plate. Vessels at the time were not inspected, or insured. Passengers were on their own. Meanwhile, the explosions continued: the "Teche" in 1825, with sixty killed; the "Ohio" and the "Macon" in 1826; the "Union" and the "Hornet" in 1827; the "Grampus" in 1828; the "Patriot" and the "Kenawa" in 1829; the "Car of Commerce" and the "Portsmouth" in 1830; the "Moselle"" in 1838. 
Mark Twain noted a bad boiler explosion which occurred aboard the steamboat "Pennsylvania" in 1858. Among the injured passengers was Henry Clemens, his brother, whose skin had been badly scalded. Twain came to visit Henry in an improvised hospital. This is how he described the long painful death of his brother: “For forty-eight hours I labored at the bedside of my poor burned and bruised but uncomplaining brother...and then the star of my hope went out and left me in the gloom of despair...” On February 24, 1830, as the "Helen McGragor" prepared to pull away from the Memphis waterfront, the starboard boiler blew. The blast itself and flying debris killed a number of people, and about thirty others were scalded to death. The boiler explosions aboard the "Sultana" in 1865 near Memphis, resulted in loss of life which exceeded that of even the Titanic, and is considered the worst maritime disaster in US history.
Gambling.
Gambling took many forms on riverboats. Gambling with one's life with the boilers aside, there were sharks around willing to fleece the unsuspecting rube. As cities passed ordinances against gaming houses in town, the cheats moved to the unregulated waters of the Mississippi aboard river steamers.
There was also gambling with the racing of boats up the river. Bets were made on a favourite vessel. Pushing the boilers hard in races would also cause fires to break out on the wooden deck structures.
Regulation.
One of the enduring issues in American government is the proper balance of power between the national government and the state governments. This struggle for power was evident from the earliest days of American government and is the underlying issue in the case of Gibbons v. Ogden. In 1808, Robert Fulton and Robert Livingston were granted a monopoly from the New York state government to operate steamboats on the state's waters. This meant that only their steamboats could operate on the waterways of New York, including those bodies of water that stretched between states, called interstate waterways. This monopoly was very important because steamboat traffic, which carried both people and goods, was very profitable. Aaron Ogden held a Fulton-Livingston license to operate steamboats under this monopoly. He operated steamboats between New Jersey and New York. However, another man named Thomas Gibbons competed with Aaron Ogden on this same route. Gibbons did not have a Fulton-Livingston license, but instead had a federal (national) coasting license, granted under a 1793 act of Congress.
The United States at this time was a loose confederation of states. The federal government was weak, and so regulating vessels, even for gaming statutes, was an imposition on States Rights. The Interstate Steamboat Commerce Commission was finally set up in 1838 to regulate steamboat traffic. Boiler inspections only began in 1852.
Steamboat Act of May 30, 1852.
The 1838 law proved inadequate as steamboat disasters increased in volume and severity. The 1847 to 1852 era was marked by an unusual series of disasters primarily caused by boiler explosions, however, many were also caused by fires and collisions. These disasters resulted in the passage of the Steamboat Act of May 30, 1852 (10 Stat. L., 1852) in which enforcement powers were placed under the Department of the Treasury rather than the Department of Justice as with the Act of 1838. Under this law, the organization and form of a federal maritime inspection service began to emerge. Nine supervisory inspectors responsible for a specific geographic region were appointed. There were also provisions for the appointment of local inspectors by a commission consisting of the local District Collector of Customs, the Supervisory Inspector, and the District Judge. The important features of this law were the requirement for hydrostatic testing of boilers, and the requirement for a boiler steam safety valve. This law further required that both pilots and engineers be licensed by the local inspectors. Even though time and further insight proved the Steamboat Act inadequate, it must be given credit for starting legislation in the right perspective. Probably the most serious shortcoming was the exemption of freightboats, ferries, tugboats and towboats, which continued to operate under the superficial inspection requirements of the law of 1838. Again, disasters and high loss of life prompted congressional action through the passage of the Act of February 28, 1871.
Showboats.
A showboat (or show boat) was a form of theater that traveled along the waterways of the United States, especially along the Mississippi and Ohio rivers. A showboat was basically a barge that resembled a long, flat-roofed house, and in order to move down the river, it was pushed by a small tugboat (misleadingly labeled a towboat) which was attached to it. It would have been impossible to put a steam engine on it, since it would have had to have been placed right in the auditorium.
British-born actor William Chapman, Sr. created the first showboat, named the "Floating Theatre," in Pittsburgh in 1831. He and his family performed plays with added music and dance at stops along the waterways. After reaching New Orleans, they got rid of the boat and went back to Pittsburgh in a steam boat in order to perform the process once again the year after. Showboats had declined by the Civil War, but began again in 1878 and focused on melodrama and vaudeville. Major boats of this period included the "New Sensation", "New Era", "Water Queen", and the "Princess". With the improvement of roads, the rise of the automobile, motion pictures, and the maturation of the river culture, showboats declined again. In order to combat this development, they grew in size and became more colorful and elaborately designed in the 20th century. These boats included the "Golden Rod", the "Sunny South", the "Cotton Blossom", and the "New Showboat". Jazzmen Louis Armstrong and Bix Biederbecke played on Mississippi River steamers.
Steamboats in Oklahoma.
As the federal government removed the Cherokee, Choctaw, and Creek Nations to Oklahoma, the new immigrants and the military forces demanded supplies, creating a vibrant steamboat trade to the Mississippi River down to New Orleans or upstream to points north. At the peak of steamboat commerce, in the 1840s and 1850s, there were twenty-two landings between Fort Smith in present Arkansas, and Fort Gibson, with the most difficult point at Webbers Falls.
Civil War with steamboats.
The US Civil War spilled over to the Mississippi with naval sieges and naval war using paddlewheelers. The Battle of Vicksburg involved monitors and ironclad riverboats. The "USS Cairo" is a wrecked survivor of the Vicksburg battle. Trade on the river was suspended for two years because of a Confederate blockade. The triumph of Eads ironclads, and Farragut's seizure of New Orleans, secured the river for the Union North.
The worst of all steamboat accidents occurred at the end of the Civil War in April 1865, when the steamboat "Sultana", carrying an over-capacity load of returning Union soldiers recently freed from Confederate prison camp, blew up, causing more than 1,700 deaths.
Reconstruction.
With the Union Victory and occupation of the south, transport was administered by the US Army and Navy. The year 1864 brought an all-time low water mark on Upper Mississippi mark for all subsequent measurements. Stern wheelers proved more adaptable than side wheelers for barges.
Immediately after the war, passenger steamboats become larger, faster and floating palaces began to appear; on the freight barges salt, hay, iron ore, and grain were carried. A few boats specialized in pushing huge log rafts downstream to lumber mills. By 1850, a system of moving barges and log rafts lashed alongside and ahead of the towboat was developed which allowed greater control than towing on a hawser. This type of service favored sternwheel propelled boats over sidewheelers and promoted other improvements as well. Towboats became a distinct type by 1860. Sand and gravel for construction was dredged up from river bottoms, and pumped aboard cargo barges. Simple hydraulic dredging rigs on small barges did the work. Towboats moved the dredge and sand barges around as needed.
The Great Race.
"Natchez VII" was built in 1869. It was long, had eight boilers and a 5,500 cotton bale capacity. In its nine and a half year service, it made 401 trips without a single deadly accident. It became famous as the participant against another Mississippi paddle steamer, the "Robert E. Lee", in a race from New Orleans to St. Louis in June 1870, immortalized in a lithograph by Currier and Ives. This Natchez had beaten the previous speed record, that of the J. M. White in 1844. Stripped down, carrying no cargo, steaming on through fog and making only one stop, the "Robert E. Lee" won the race in 3 days, 8 hours and 14 minutes. By contrast, the "Natchez" carried her normal load and stopped as normal, tying up overnight when fog was encountered. Despite this she berthed only six hours later. One way Leathers tried to speed up his boat was giving all of his workers whiskey. When Leathers finally dismantled the boat in Cincinnati in 1879, this particular "Natchez" had never flown the American flag
Competition from the railroads.
Railroads were rebuilt in the south after the Civil War, the disconnected small roads, of broad gauge, were amalgamated and enlarged into big systems of the southern Illinois Central and Louisville and Nashville. Track was changed to the American Standard of 4 feet 8 and one half inches. This ways cars could travel from Chicago to the south without having to be reloaded. Consequently,
rail transport became cheaper than steamboats. The boats could not keep up. The first railroad bridge built across the Mississippi River connected Davenport and Rock Island, IL in 1856, built by the Rock Island Railroad. Steamboaters saw nationwide railroads as a threat to their business. On May 6, 1856, just weeks after it was completed, a pilot crashed the "Effie Afton" steamboat into the bridge. The owner of the "Effie Afton", John Hurd, filed a lawsuit against The Rock Island Railroad Company. The Rock Island Railroad Company selected Abraham Lincoln as their trial lawyer.
Rise of barge traffic.
Barge traffic exploded with the growth of trade from the First World War.
Freight tonnage on the Upper Mississippi fell below 1 million tons per year in 1916 and hovered around 750,000 tons until 1931. A number of factors had led to this decline. Log rafts and raft towboats had disappeared and river cargo service had shifted to short-haul instead of long distance hauling. The First World War made crewmen scarce and helped to make the railroads stronger.The deficiencies of railroad transportation during World War I led to the Transportation Act of 1920.
In spite of these problems, the heavy transportation needs of wartime could not be met by railroads and river transport took off some of the pressure. In 1917, the United States Shipping Board allocated $3,160,000 to the Emergency Fleet Corporation to build and operate barges and towboats on the Upper Mississippi. Federal control was augmented by the Federal Control Act of 1918. The U.S. Railroad Administration formed the Committee on Inland Waterways to oversee the work. All floating equipment on the Mississippi and Warrior River systems was commandeered and $12 million was appropriated for new construction. Service was provided primarily on the Lower Mississippi.
New floating equipment was designed by prominent naval architects, and built by boat yards known for high-quality work. Modern terminal facilities were constructed to handle bulk and package freight. A special rate system was put into place to reflect the lower cost of river transportation in comparison with railroads. In spite of their innovative approach, the Railroad Administration lost money on river services and in 1920 the Federal Barge Fleet was transferred to the War Department.
The name was changed to the Inland and Coastwise Waterways Service and the experiment continued. The Waterways Service lost less money than the Railroad Administration and in 1924 was modified yet again to allow even more economical operation in a less restrictive environment. The government transferred $5 million worth of floating equipment to provide the capital stock for the new Inland Waterways Corporation.
Compression ignition or diesel engines were first used about 1910 for smaller sternwheel towboats, but did not gain ascendancy until the late 1930s, when diesel-powered propeller boats appeared. The introduction of screw propellers to the rivers came late because of their vulnerability to damage and the greater depth of water required for efficient operation. The Federal Barge Lines experiment was successful in restarting the river transportation industry.
Congress created the Inland Waterways Corporation (1924) and its Federal Barge Line. The completion of the nine-foot channel of the Ohio River in 1929 was followed by similar improvements on the Mississippi and its tributaries and the Gulf Intra-Coastal Canals. Each improvement marked a giant step by the U.S. Army Engineers (Corps of Engineers) in promoting inland waterways development. Private capital followed these improvements with heavy investments in towboats and barges. In the years before World War II, towboat power soared steadily from 600 to 1,200 to 2,400. The shift from steam to diesel engines cut crews from twenty or more on steam towboats to an average of eleven to thirteen on diesels. By 1945, fully 50 percent of the towboats were diesel; by 1955, the figure was 97 percent. Meanwhile the paddlewheel had given way to the propeller, the single propeller to the still-popular twin propeller.
Traffic on the Mississippi system climbed from 211 million short tons to more than 330 million between 1963 and 1974. The growth in river shipping did not abate in the final quarter of the century. Traffic along the Upper Mississippi rose from 54 million tons in 1970 to 112 million tons in 2000. The change from riveted to welded barges, the creation of integrated barges, and the innovation of double-skinned barges have led to improved economy, speed, and safety. Shipping on Mississippi barges became substantially less expensive than railroad transport, but at a cost to taxpayers. Barge traffic is the most heavily subsidized form of transport in the United States. A report in 1999 revealed that fuel taxes cover only 10 percent of the annual $674 million that the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers spends building and operating the locks and dams of the Mississippi River. Barges figured there were a lot more corn and soybeans in Iowa than there was scrap iron! Until then, some had limited themselves to pushing scrap downstream and coal upriver, but those commodities were dwarfed by the potential downstream grain business. Overcoming the challenges of expansion, more players jumped into the booming barge industry.
Today 60% of U.S. grain exports travel by barge down the Mississippi River system to the Gulf. The barge industry handles 15% of the nation's inter-city traffic for just 3% of the nation's freight bill. Barge transportation is the safest surface mode of transportation and is more fuel efficient than rail. A single barge carries the equivalent of 15 railcars and on the Lower Mississippi some tows handle up to 40 plus barges.
Flood of 1927.
The Mississippi 1927 flood began when heavy rains pounded the central basin of the Mississippi in the summer of 1926. By September, the Mississippi's tributaries in Kansas and Iowa were swollen to capacity. On New Year's Day of 1927, the Cumberland River at Nashville topped levees at . The Mississippi River broke out of its levee system in 145 places and flooded or about . The area was inundated up to a depth of . The flood caused over $400 million in damages and killed 246 people in seven states. The flood affected Arkansas, Illinois, Kentucky, Louisiana, Mississippi, Missouri, and Tennessee. Arkansas was hardest hit, with 14% of its territory covered by floodwaters. By May 1927, the Mississippi River below Memphis, Tennessee, reached a width of .
Mississippi River Commission.
The Mississippi River Commission was established in 1879 to facilitate improvement of the Mississippi River from the Head of Passes near its mouth to its headwaters. The stated mission of the Commission was to:
For nearly a half century the MRC functioned as an executive body reporting directly to the Secretary of War. The Great Mississippi Flood of 1927 changed the mission of the MRC. The consequent Flood Control Act of 1928 created the Mississippi River and Tributaries Project (MR&T). The act assigned responsibility for developing and implementing the Mississippi River and Tributaries Project (MR&T) to the Mississippi River Commission. The MR&T project provides for:
The President of the Mississippi River Commission is its executive head. The mission is executed through the Mississippi Valley Division, U.S. Army Engineer Districts in St. Louis, Memphis, Vicksburg, and New Orleans.
US Army Corps of Engineers.
The United States Army Corps of Engineers is a federal agency and a major Army command made up of some 34,600 civilian and 650 military personnel, making it the world's largest public engineering, design and construction management agency. Although generally associated with dams, canals and flood protection in the United States, USACE is involved in a wide range of public works.
The Corps maintained its own fleet of river steamers, derricks, dredges and cranes, all steam powered, for many years.
See Montgomery (snagboat)
The Feds Step In: the Tennessee Valley Authority Project.
On May 18, 1933, Congress passed the Tennessee Valley Authority Act. Right from the start, TVA established a unique problem-solving approach to fulfilling its mission-integrated resource management. Each issue TVA faced—whether it was power production, navigation, flood control, malaria prevention, reforestation, or erosion control—was studied in its broadest context.
By the end of the war, TVA had completed a navigation channel the length of the Tennessee River and had become the nation’s largest electricity supplier.
Again the TVA project needed the services of steamers to haul cement for the dams.
World War II LST construction.
The Second World War put huge demands on shipping. Every floating vessel was put to work, retired or old. The Gulf Coast was turned into a huge industrial works.
Shipbuilding, steel making in Alabama, forestry, and landing craft building in the Plains towns. The Prairie boats were moved down the river for re-staging in New Orleans. The Higgins boat put its mark on shipping.
The need for Landing Ship, Tank, or LSTs was urgent in the war, and the program enjoyed a high priority throughout the war. Since most shipbuilding activities were located in coastal yards and were largely used for construction of large, deep-draft ships, new construction facilities were established along inland waterways of the Mississippi. In some instances, heavy-industry plants such as steel fabrication yards were converted for LST construction. This posed the problem of getting the completed ships from the inland building yards in the Plains to deep water. The chief obstacles were bridges. The US Navy successfully undertook the modification of bridges and, through a "Ferry Command" of Navy crews, transported the newly constructed ships to coastal ports for fitting out. The success of these "cornfield" shipyards of the Middle West was a revelation to the long-established shipbuilders on the coasts. Their contribution to the LST building program was enormous. Of the 1,051 LSTs built during World War II, 670 were constructed by five major inland builders. The most LSTs constructed during WWII were built in Evansville, Indiana, by Missouri Valley Bridge and the International Iron & Steel Co.
The end of steamboats.
The Great Depression, the explosion of shipbuilding capability on the river because of the war, and the rise of diesel tugboats finished the steamboat era. Boats were tied up as they had time expired, being built in the First World War or 1920s. Lower crew requirements of diesel tugs made continued operation of steam towboats uneconomical during the late 1940s. The wage increases caused by inflation after the war, and the availability of war surplus tugs and barges, put the older technology at a disadvantage. Some steam-powered, screw-propeller towboats were built but they were either later converted to diesel-power or retired. A few diesel sternwheelers stayed on the rivers after steam sternwheelers disappeared. Jack Kerouac noted in "On the Road" seeing many derelict steamers on the River at this time. Many steam vessels were broken up. Steam derricks and snagboats continued to be used until the 1960s and a few survivors soldiered on.
Today, few paddlewheelers continue to run on steam power. Those that do include the "Belle of Louisville", "Natchez", "Minne Ha-Ha", "Chautauqua Belle", "Julia Belle Swain", and "American Queen". Other vessels propelled by sternwheels exist, but do not employ the use of steam engines. Overnight passage on steamboats in the United States ended in 2008. The Delta Queen could resume that service, but it requires the permission of the United States Congress. The American Queen was in the US Ready Reserve fleet and was purchased and re=launched in April, 2012 and now carries passengers on 4 to 10 night voyages on the Mississippi, Ohio, Tennessee and Cumberland Rivers as the flagship of the American Queen Steamboat Company.
On October 18, 2014, the Belle of Louisville will be the first Mississippi River-style steamboat to reach 100 years old. To celebrate the unprecedented achievement there will be a 5-day festival in Louisville, KY named Belle's Big Birthday Bash.
Current Natchez.
The ninth and current "Natchez", the "Str. Natchez", is a sternwheel steamboat based in New Orleans, Louisiana. Built in 1975, she is sometimes referred to as the "Natchez IX". She is operated by the New Orleans Steamboat Company and docks at the Toulouse Street Wharf. Day trips include harbor and dinner cruises along the Mississippi River.
It is modeled not after the original "Natchez", but instead by the steamboats "Hudson" and "Virginia". Its steam engines were originally built in 1925 for the steamboat "Clairton", from which the steering system and paddlewheel shaft also came. From the S.S. "J.D. Ayres" came its copper bell, made of 250 melted silver dollars. The bell has on top a copper acorn that was once on the "Avalon", now known as the "Belle of Louisville", and on the "Delta Queen". It also features a steam calliope, made by the Frisbee Engine Company, that has 32 notes. The wheel is made of white oak and steel, is by , and weighs 26 tons.The whistle came from a ship that sank in 1908 on the Monagabola River. It was launched from Braithwaite, Louisiana. It is long and wide. It has a draft of six feet and weighs 1384 tons. It's mostly made of steel, due to United States Coast Guard rules.[3
In 1982 the "Natchez" won the Great Steamboat Race, which is held every year on the Wednesday immediately before the first Saturday in May, as part of the Kentucky Derby Festival held in Louisville, Kentucky.It has partaken in other races, and has never lost.[5 Those it has beaten include the "Belle of Louisville", the "Delta Queen", the "Belle of Cincinnati", the "American Queen", and the "Mississippi Queen".

</doc>
<doc id="18597123" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18597123" title="Oxford Road Halt railway station">
Oxford Road Halt railway station

Oxford Road Halt was a railway station on the Varsity Line west of the hamlet of Water Eaton, Oxfordshire.
History.
The Varsity Line from to Oxford was opened in stages by the Buckinghamshire Railway. It had been opened as far as on 1 October 1850, from Islip to a temporary station at Banbury Road on 2 December 1850, and from Banbury Road to Oxford on 20 May 1851. At the point where the main Oxford-Banbury road (now the A4165 road) crossed the line, a level crossing was constructed, known as Oxford Road Crossing (). This was the location of the temporary "Banbury Road" terminus, which was used until the facilities at Oxford were ready.
On 1 April 1854 the Buckinghamshire Junction Railway (often known as the "Yarnton Loop") was opened, between Oxford Road Junction and Yarnton Junction. The former junction was constructed just to the south-west of Oxford Road Crossing, although the two routes did not diverge until a point somewhat further to the south-west, at .
For over fifty years no permanent station had been provided between Oxford and Islip. In 1905, the London and North Western Railway (successor to the Buckinghamshire Railway) constructed three halts on that stretch of line; two were Summertown Halt (later "Port Meadow Halt") and , whilst the northernmost was "Oxford Road Halt", and which was situated just east of Oxford Road Crossing. Two of these halts (including "Oxford Road Halt") were opened on 9 October 1905; all three closed on 1 January 1917, reopened 5 May 1919 and the London, Midland and Scottish Railway finally closed them on 30 October 1926.
In 1935 the Oxford Road level crossing was replaced by a bridge to the north-east, which crosses the railway over the site of the former halt.
In 1942 a Government grain silo was built next to the site as part of a Second World War network to concentrate scarce food and distribute it by rail. It was in operation until the late 1980s. In October 2013 Chiltern Railways had it demolished as part of site preparation for the planned Oxford Parkway railway station and car park.
Oxford Road Junction remained; the signalbox was resited slightly to the north-east on 4 November 1956, and on 15 September 1958 was renamed "Banbury Road Junction", since there is a junction just north of also named "Oxford Road Junction". It was closed on 29 October 1973.
Oxford Parkway.
As part of the operator's Project Evergreen 3, Chiltern Railways plans to launch services from a new station on an adjacent site next to the existing Water Eaton Park and Ride site, to be called . It will be a stop on a new service between London and .

</doc>
<doc id="18597132" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18597132" title="Galinthias amoena">
Galinthias amoena

Galinthias amoena is a species of praying mantis found in Angola, Cameroon, Kenya, Malawi, Mozambique, Natal, Sierra Leone, Tanzania, Zanzibar, Transvaal, Zimbabwe and the Congo River region. 

</doc>
<doc id="18597144" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18597144" title="National Citizens' Movement for Free Elections">
National Citizens' Movement for Free Elections

The National Citizens' Movement for Free Elections or NAMFREL is an election watchdog in the Philippines. It was the first and one of the most famous election watch campaign. It is known to have introduced non-partisan national election monitoring to the Philippines after exposing the issues involved with the 1986 Snap Elections.
NAMREL was co-founded by Jose S. Concepcion, Jr., and was its first National Chairperson. NAMFREL was formally organized in October 1983 as an offshoot of the New Voters Registration Committee, which was formed in the 1960s. It currently has the support of more than 140 benefactors and 125 organizations. Its current national chairperson is Corazon Dela Paz-Bernardo.
NAMFREL's goal is to ensure "free, orderly and honest elections" in the Philippines. It is a non-partisan organization with over 250,000 member-volunteers from different religious, civic, business, professional, labor, youth, educational, and non-government organizations.
The Commission on Elections (Comelec) has accredited NAMFREL as its "citizens' arm" since 1986 to conduct manual parallel counts, which it called "Operation Quick Count." In 1986, NAMFREL mobilized 500,000 volunteers nationwide to guard the snap presidential elections. President Ferdinand Marcos declared himself the winner of the election; the NAMFREL count, however, showed that Corazon Aquino won. In the days that followed, the EDSA People Power revolt took place, sweeping Aquino to power.
For the May 2010 automated Philippine presidential elections NAMFREL was not accredited to conduct its own count. Instead, the organization conducted a nationwide election observation mission called "Bantay ng Bayan" ("sentinels of the people").
Presently, NAMFREL is also active internationally, its officers and volunteers having worked as trainers, observer team members, election administrators and resource persons in 35 countries, and have sent its volunteers as the official Philippine observer delegation to Cambodia during the 1998 parliamentary elections there, as well as in Indonesia in 1999 for the Presidential elections after the fall of Suharto.
In 1998, NAMFREL representatives attended the International IDEA conference in Copenhagen.
See also.
General:

</doc>
<doc id="18597146" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18597146" title="Portuguese Australian">
Portuguese Australian

Portuguese Australians are either Portuguese living in Australia or native Australians with Portuguese ancestry.
Despite their rather modest number compared to the Greek and Italian communities, Portuguese Australians form a very organised, self-conscious and active community in many fields of Australian life. With a population spread over many parts of the continent, sporting teams, social clubs, radio shows, newspapers, outdoor cultural festivals, culinary feasts, and even a traditional ethnic neighbourhood, the ever-growing Portuguese Australians form roughly 0.4 of Australia's population. The biggest Portuguese Australian community is in Petersham, Sydney: but there are other communities around Australia such as Melbourne, Wollongong, Newcastle and Perth. There are also communities present, to a lesser extent, in Brisbane, Adelaide and Darwin. There are approximately 56,000 Portuguese migrants and Australians with Portuguese heritage in Australia.
Portuguese cuisine has also made its way into mainstream Australian society, with the fast expansion and establishment of restaurant and fast food outlets such as "Nando's", "Oporto" and "Ogalo" to confirm its success. The Portuguese "pastel de nata" is a very popular delicacy in Australia and is commonly found through the country.
One of the most high-visibility moments for the Portuguese community was in 2005, when António Milhinhos, a shopkeeper from Darwin, was awarded the Senior Australian of the Year Award for his outstanding charity works and continuous catastrophe relief since 1983.
History.
In Victoria.
A few Portuguese were among the earliest settlers in Australia. Emanuel and Ana Serrão and their infant daughter arrived in Sydney in 1824, and moved to Warrnambool with their family in 1852. Few followed, and by 1901 only 86 Victorians were Portugal-born. Males made up 90% of the community.
The Portugal-born population in Victoria declined in the early twentieth century, and by 1933, only 12 were recorded in the census.
While the post-war migration boom had little effect on the Portuguese population of Victoria, the late 1960s saw the beginning of a dramatic increase in immigration. After the Portuguese colonial wars in Angola and Mozambique ended in 1975, and the former Portuguese colony of East Timor was invaded by Indonesia in 1975, more ethnic Portuguese immigrants settled in Victoria. The number of immigrants from Portugal also increased, from 131 in 1966 to 2,335 in 1986.
By 2001, 2,661 Portugal-born migrants were living in Victoria. The white Portuguese migrants and their Australian-born descendants are part of an even larger Portuguese-Speaking community in Victoria today that also includes people from the former Portuguese colonies of Macau, East Timor, Cape Verde, Mozambique, Angola, Goa and Brazil.
Members of the Portuguese-born community today are predominantly employed as tradespeople and workers within the manufacturing and construction industries. More than three-quarters still speak Portuguese at home.
The community is supported by organisations including the Portuguese Community Council of Australia, which serves as an umbrella organisation for all Portuguese people in Australia. Portuguese-language radio programs, weekly newspapers, language classes and sporting clubs help maintain the community in Australian cities. Events such as performances by Madeira Folk Dancing provide an opportunity for the wider community to appreciate Portuguese culture.
In Western Australia.
Portuguese migrants from the islands of Madeira settled in Fremantle in Western Australia in the 1950s and established a fishing community which, by the mid-1980s, had grown to about 6,000 people, including their descendants. Since then, Perth and Western Australia in general have been a frequent destination for Portuguese students and skilled labour, and although no mass-migration has occurred, the Portuguese population is still prevalent in the state. John Da Silva, the founder and owner of Bell-Vista vegetables, one of Western Australia's biggest vegetable provider migrated to Fremantle in the Portuguese migrant wave to that area in the 1960s.

</doc>
<doc id="18597152" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18597152" title="Adrian von der Linde">
Adrian von der Linde

Adrian von der Linde (1610–1682) - Danzig's patrician. Lord mayor of Danzig.
Disambiguation.
It looks like there was one more person with that name living in Danzig:<br>
Adrian von der Linde ( 16 December 1579 – 14 April) 1631, trader, probably also member of town council or even lord mayor.

</doc>
<doc id="18597165" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18597165" title="Norfolk Heritage Fleet Trust">
Norfolk Heritage Fleet Trust

The Norfolk Heritage Fleet Trust is a waterway society and charitable trust based at Hunter's Yard, Ludham on the Norfolk Broads, England, UK. The Trust maintains and hires out a fleet of wooden sailing yachts from the 1930s.
Hunter's Yard is situated in its own dyke off Womack Water on the Norfolk Broads in which the two original boat sheds (the first being built in 1932 and the second in 1935) are mostly as they were built in the 1930s, from timber in the traditional Broads' style, with many of its original features intact and numerous pieces of equipment, tools and boat fittings on view to the public.
History.
Hunter's Yard was operational until 1968 when it was sold to the Norfolk County Council and was renamed Norfolk County Sailing Base. The Council maintained the traditions of the Yard, however its main aim was to encourage young people to sail and experience the Yachts and discounts were offered to schools. In 1995 the Council decided to sell the Yard and it’s Fleet as part of an economy measure. Subsequently a fundraising effort was carried out to retain the yard which raised £100,000 from public sources and £200,000 from the Heritage Lottery Fund. In 1996 the Norfolk Heritage Fleet Trust was established and took over the yard, continuing to encourage young people to use and sail on the Yachts, as well as hiring them out for public use.
Yachts.
The Trust maintain a number of Yachts of various types:
Cabin Yachts
Hustler class - Sloop-rigged, with 2 berths
The trust have five Hustler Class yachts, all built between 1935 and 1938: Numbers I, II, III, IV & V
Wood Class - Sloop-rigged, Carvel-built with 3 berths
The trust have five Wood Class yachts: Wood Anenome (1947), Wood Avens (1949), Wood Rose (1934), Wood Sorrel (1933) and Wood Violet (1934).
Lullaby Class - Sloop-rigged, Carvel-built of mahogany with 4 berths
The trust have four Lullaby Class yachts: Lullaby (1932), Lustre (1932), Luna (1933) and Lucent (2007)
Half deckers
The trust also owns a number of Half Decker, Day Boats:
Gunter Rig
Main Sail and Jib, LOA, 20foot
Gunter Rigged
Main Sail and Jib, LOA 20'
Gunter Rigged, Main Sail and Jib, LOA 20ft 9Inches
Single, Balanced Lug Sail, LOA 20ft
Single, Semi-Balanced Lug Sail, LOA 18ft

</doc>
<doc id="18597175" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18597175" title="Galinthias meruensis">
Galinthias meruensis

Galinthias meruensis is a species of praying mantis found in Kenya, Malawi, Somalia, and Tanzania. 

</doc>
<doc id="18597179" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18597179" title="Astrup">
Astrup

Astrup may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18597182" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18597182" title="Galinthias occidentalis">
Galinthias occidentalis

Galinthias occidentalis is a species of praying mantis found in Côte d'Ivoire, Ghana, Guinea, Cameroon, and Sierra Leone. 

</doc>
<doc id="18597189" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18597189" title="Aleksandr Chudakov">
Aleksandr Chudakov

Aleksandr Evgenievich Chudakov (16 June 1921 – 25 January 2001, Moscow) was a Soviet Russian physicist in the field of cosmic-ray physics, known for "Chudakov Effect", the effect of decreasing ionization losses for narrow electron-positron pairs and for experimentally confirming existence of the transition radiation.
He was also the chairman of the IUPAP Cosmic Ray Commission.
Biography and scientific career.
Aleksandr Chudakov was born on 16 June 1921, and graduated from Moscow State University (MSU) in 1948
. In 1953 his experimental confirmation of the existence of the transition radiation, which was predicted by Ginzburg and Ilya Frank in 1945, and the effect of decreasing ionization losses for narrow electron-positron pairs, known as the "Chudakov Effect", are among Chudakov's famous works. Phenomena similar to Chudakov Effect have been observed in quantum chromodynamics also.<br>Chudakov was the author of series of experiments carried out in the 1950s, which focused on investigation of the cosmic rays outside of the atmosphere with rockets and first satellites. As a result, during the third Soviet sputnik, he discovered the Earth's radiation belts in collaboration with S. N. Vernov. In astroparticle physics the first class results have been obtained with this telescope which is still in operation.

</doc>
<doc id="18597194" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18597194" title="Battle of Angol">
Battle of Angol

Battle of Angol was a battle fought between the Mapuche and the Spanish conquerors in March 1564.
History.
In Los Infantes captain Lorenzo Bernal del Mercado had discovered that the rebels had constructed a pucará close by, establishing a blockade of the city. Lorenzo Bernal ordered a reconnaissance patrol and he observed that the natives under the toqui Illangulién had chosen an impregnable position in a marsh and chose to retire. Illangulién's troops then moved to a second position, nearer to Angol, to which captain Lorenzo Bernal responded with a new reconnaissance.
Finding that this new position also was impregnable he again retired. Feeling victorious and believing the destruction of Angol was imminent, a Mapuche detachment located themselves in a third position awaiting reinforcements from their main body at the old position. This time, seeing their dangerous proximity to Los Infantes, captain Bernal chose to attack the position before more Mapuches arrived. In the battle the Spanish drove the Mapuche out of their pucara and pursued them down to the river bank and drove them into the river, where they were trapped and 1,000 Mapuches were killed including the toqui Illanguelén and many more were wounded or captured. Bernal ordered some of the captives killed and others lost hands or feet. When the news reached the rest of the Mapuche army coming to attack Angol they dispersed.

</doc>
<doc id="18597196" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18597196" title="EUCLID (university)">
EUCLID (university)

EUCLID, also called Pôle Universitaire Euclide or Euclid University, is an international intergovernmental organization with a university charter established in 2008. It has headquarters in The Gambia (2013) and in the Central African Republic (2011).
History and legal status.
EUCLID’s origins seem to be linked to the vision of Central African Republic Prime Minister Faustin-Archange Touadera, when he was the rector of the University of Bangui, to create an international extension for the university. The programs developed by the Euclid Consortium (‘Pôle d’Extension Universitaire Euclide’), of which the University of Bangui was a member, led to the establishment of EUCLID as an autonomous institution in 2008.
In January 2008, Syed Zahid Ali, the senior official of IOSD, the administrative organization for the Euclid Consortium, presented to various governments a new legal framework called EUCLID Phase 2. Several governments interested in using the Euclid programs to train their own staff approved the statutes of the new international university in 2008 and 2009.
Treaty publication.
The two intergovernmental agreements which are EUCLID’s “constitutive text” were published in the United Nations Treaty Series in November 2011.
Headquarters.
EUCLID signed a headquarters agreement with the Central African Republic in March 2011 and with the Republic of The Gambia in 2013.
Domain and trademarks.
EUCLID (University) is defined as an having international legal personality and was granted a .int domain name under IANA regulations. As an “international intergovernmental organization”, the institution also enjoys intellectual property protection under Article 6ter of the Paris Convention for the Protection of Industrial Property which is administered by the World Intellectual Property Organization.
Academic programs.
EUCLID offers graduate programs in:
EUCLID was also involved in delivering distance-learning programs to civil servants in cooperation with the Ministry of Education of Eritrea between 2008 and 2012.
Structure.
EUCLID’s structure is spelled out in the statutes considered as annex to the published treaties. Its administrative organs are:
Cooperation with other intergovernmental bodies.
EUCLID has signed agreements with:
Accreditation and recognition.
UN / UNESCO / IAU status.
The UNESCO-based International Association of Universities (IAU) does not include the “international universities” (i.e. European University Institute, the IMO International Maritime Law Institute, the United Nations University and the World Maritime University EUCLID was listed in the “List of Universities of the World” in 2011 and 2012 under this "Regional/International Institution" category, but the group was removed in November 2012.
A letter from the United Nations Secretariat to the Permanent Representative of the Central African Republic to the United Nations from December 2012 indicates that in spite of not being listed in the IAU World Higher Education Database which only includes national institutions, "both IAU/UNESCO and the UN Secretariat recognize Euclide- Pole Universitaire Euclide and the other four UN institutions ... as being accredited." The letter also indicates that these institutions which are “regional or global in nature” will be included under their headquarters states in future editions of the IAU WHED database. The National UNESCO Commission of Gambia has posted its “UNESCO Portal to Recognized Higher Education Institutions” documents which describe EUCLID as “recognized / accredited”. In addition, “EUCLID University programmes” are also listed under the entry for the University of Bangui in the IAU Handbook of Universities.
In participating states and Africa.
The 2008 intergovernmental agreement states in its Article I that “EUCLID is chartered to confer diplomas, degrees and completion certificates accredited by the ministries of Education of the Participating Parties.”
Gambia and Timor-Leste indicate that the degrees issued by EUCLID upon completion of the required coursework will be legally valid for use in the country by the graduates.
According to the Permanent Mission of the Central African Republic to the United Nations, the UNESCO Regional Convention on the Recognition of Studies, Certificates, Diplomas, Degrees and other Academic Qualifications in Higher Education in the African States applies to EUCLID with effect in the 22 ratifying States.
EUCLID is since June 2012 a member of the Association of African Universities.
United States.
EUCLID is not a US-based university and it not accredited by an organization recognized by the U.S. Department of Education or Council on Higher Education Accreditation.
The letters sent in 2012 by the governments of Burundi, Central African Republic and Comoros to the US State Department describe the institution as being “duly chartered to confer degrees by its Participating States and enjoys full academic accreditation according to its constitutive mandate under international law (Article I).”
The state of Maine formerly listed “Euclid University” as an unaccredited institution. Maine removed the school from its list after receiving correspondence from EUCLID.
Michigan published until 2012 a list of non-CHEA accredited universities who graduates could not use their degree for public service employment, a list that included Euclid University (and the United Nations University). Following an exchange of letters with EUCLID, Michigan no longer maintains a list of unaccredited institutions, but advises that EUCLID graduates and all graduates from non-CHEA accredited universities applying for jobs with the State of Michigan must demonstrate that their degrees are equivalent to studies at a similar school accredited by a CHEA-recognized accrediting body.
As of July 2013, the Oregon Office of Degree Authorization (ODA) posts that “ODA is currently evaluating the present legal status of this entity.”
The Texas listing indicates that Euclid University degrees are not legal to use in Texas as of August 2012.
Progress in these processes is documented on EUCLID’s “legal affairs” page.
Accredibase criticism.
Verifile, a private UK-based company, published in December 2011 a report criticizing the existence of intergovernmental universities in general as “procedurally unfortunate, academically risky and generative of a high potential for confusion and dispute” and of EUCLID in particular. The report also accused the International Association of Universities of having “erroneously listed Euclid as an international degree granter” when it included EUCLID in its list of “Regional/International” institutions in May 2011 because “none of the nations has granted that authority and listed Euclid with UNESCO as a degree-granting university”. In January 2012, IAU appears to have refuted the claim by maintaining the listing and adding to the EUCLIDE entry: “This institution has been included at the request of the Permanent Delegation of the Central African Republic to UNESCO”. The Verifile “Accredibase” report was also reviewed and replied to by EUCLID in parallel with the publication of an article entitled “Understanding the Legal Status and Degree-Granting Authority of the ‘Regional-International’ Universities”.
The Permanent Missions of the Central African Republic and Comoros to the United Nations have also documented and refuted the Accredibase claims. As of August 2012, Accredibase maintained the “unaccredited” designation and in return EUCLID lists Verifile/Accredibase in its own list of “Unqualified entities”.

</doc>
<doc id="18597206" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18597206" title="Sengenau">
Sengenau

Sengenau is a locality in the municipality Sankt Katharinen in the district of Neuwied in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany.

</doc>
<doc id="18597214" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18597214" title="Ginsterhahn">
Ginsterhahn

Ginsterhahn is a locality in the municipality Sankt Katharinen in the district of Neuwied in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany.

</doc>
<doc id="18597221" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18597221" title="Notscheid">
Notscheid

Notscheid is a locality in the municipality Sankt Katharinen in the district of Neuwied in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany.
Geography.
The districts landscape covers the Westerwald mountains, east of the Rhine river valley. The Rhine forms the western boundary of the district.

</doc>
<doc id="18597228" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18597228" title="Mark Schlichting">
Mark Schlichting

Mark Schlichting was the Creative Director for Living Books for Broderbund Software in Novato, California where he conceived the Living Books line of interactive animated CD-ROM products. Mr. Schlichting was the Design and Art Director for CD-ROM titles such as "Just Grandma and Me" with Mercer Mayer, "Arthur's Teacher Trouble" with Marc Brown, and "The New Kid on the Block" with Jack Prelutsky. He is the writer of Harry D. Rabbit in the 1987 book called ""Harry and the Haunted House"" and also the version of Aesop's Fable ""The Tortoise and the Hare"."

</doc>
<doc id="18597229" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18597229" title="Steinshardt">
Steinshardt

Steinshardt is a locality in the municipality Sankt Katharinen in the district of Neuwied in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany.

</doc>
<doc id="18597233" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18597233" title="Strödt">
Strödt

Strödt is a locality in the municipality Sankt Katharinen in the district of Neuwied in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany.

</doc>
<doc id="18597239" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18597239" title="Partial regression plot">
Partial regression plot

In applied statistics, a partial regression plot attempts to show the effect of adding an additional variable to the model (given that one or more independent variables are already in the model). Partial regression plots are also referred to as added variable plots, adjusted variable plots, and individual coefficient plots.
When performing a linear regression with a single independent variable, a scatter plot of the response variable against the independent variable provides a good indication of the nature of the relationship. If there is more than one independent variable, things become more complicated. Although it can still be useful to generate scatter plots of the response variable against each of the independent variables, this does not take into account the effect of the other independent variables in the model.
Partial regression plots are formed by:
Velleman and Welsch (see References below) express this mathematically as:
where
Velleman and Welsch list the following useful properties for this plot:
Partial regression plots are widely discussed in the regression diagnostics literature (e.g., see the References section below). Since the strengths and weaknesses of partial regression plots are widely discussed in the literature, we will not discuss that in any detail here.
Partial regression plots are related to, but distinct from, partial residual plots. Partial regression plots are most commonly used to identify data points with high leverage and influential data points that might not have high leverage. Partial residual plots are most commonly used to identify the nature of the relationship between "Y" and "X"i (given the effect of the other independent variables in the model). Note that since the simple correlation between the two sets of residuals plotted is equal to the partial correlation between the response variable and "X"i, partial regression plots will show the correct strength of the linear relationship between the response variable and "X"i. This is not true for partial residual plots. On the other hand, for the partial regression plot, the x-axis is not "X"i. This limits its usefulness in determining the need for a transformation (which is the primary purpose of the partial residual plot).

</doc>
<doc id="18597240" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18597240" title="Nepal Terai Congress">
Nepal Terai Congress

Nepal Terai Congress was a political party in Nepal. The party was founded in 1951 by Vedanand Jha, with the objective of seeking autonomy for the Terai.
The party was founded after a split from the Nepali Congress.
The party called for the recognition of Hindi, as the "lingua franca" of the Terai. The government, however, was unwilling to recognise Hindi. Instead it stated that there were several languages spoken in the Terai, such as Maithili, Bhojpuri, Awadhi and Tharu.

</doc>
<doc id="18597244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18597244" title="Chain of Blame">
Chain of Blame

Chain of Blame: How Wall Street Caused the Mortgage and Credit Crisis is a 2008 book about the subprime mortgage crisis in the United States by investigative journalists Paul Muolo of "National Mortgage News" and Mathew Padilla of the "Orange County Register". The book has an accompanying website with some excerpts, author biographies and a roundup of events in the subprime mortgage crisis that occurred after the book was printed.
Overview.
The book analyses the causes of the subprime mortgage crisis in the United States in an attempt to assign responsibility for the collapse of a number of mortgage companies in 2007-2008 and for the sharp rise in mortgage defaults in the wake of the sudden tightening of mortgage credit in the summer and early fall of 2007. The authors find that, while blame can be laid at every link of the mortgage production chain (borrowers, brokers, wholesale lenders) the ultimate culprits are Wall Street firms that carelessly securitized mortgage loan pools without appropriate diligence and attention to the quality of the underlying loans.
Japanese translation.
In 2009 the book was published in Japanese by Nippon-Hyoron-Sha Co., Ltd. under the title サブプライム危機 : 実録. ISBN 978-4-535-55615-7.

</doc>
<doc id="18597245" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18597245" title="Context of computational complexity">
Context of computational complexity

In computational complexity theory and analysis of algorithms, a number of metrics are defined describing the resources, such as time or space, that a machine needs to solve a particular problem. Interpreting these metrics meaningfully requires context, and this context is frequently implicit and depends on the field and the problem under consideration. This article describes a number of important pieces of context and how they affect metrics.
Definitions of variables.
Metrics are usually described in terms of variables that are a function of the input. For example, the statement that insertion sort requires O("n"2) comparisons is meaningless without defining "n", which in this case is the number of elements in the input list.
Because many different contexts use the same letters for their variables, confusion can arise. For example, the complexity of primality tests and multiplication algorithms can be measured in two different ways: one in terms of the integers being tested or multiplied, and one in terms of the number of binary digits (bits) in those integers. For example, if "n" is the integer being tested for primality, trial division can test it in Θ(n1/2) arithmetic operations; but if "n" is the number of bits in the integer being tested for primality, it requires Θ(2n/2) time. In the fields of cryptography and computational number theory, it is more typical to define the variable as the number of bits in the input integers.
In the field of computational complexity theory, the input is usually specified as a binary string (or a string in some fixed alphabet), and the variable is usually the number of bits in this string. This measure depends on the specific encoding of the input, which must be specified. For example, if the input is an integer specified using unary coding, trial division will require only Θ(n1/2) arithmetic operations; but if the same input is specified in binary (or any larger base) the complexity rises to Θ(2n/2) operations, not because the algorithm is taking any additional time, but because the number of bits in the input "n" has become exponentially smaller. In the other direction, "succinct circuits" are compact representations of a limited class of graphs that occupy exponentially less space than ordinary representations like adjacency lists. Many graph algorithms on succinct circuits are EXPTIME-complete, whereas the same problems expressed with conventional representations are only P-complete, because the succinct circuit inputs have smaller encodings.
Output-sensitive algorithms define their complexity not only in terms of their input but also their output. For example, Chan's algorithm can compute the convex hull of a set of points in O("n" log "h") time, where "n" is the number of points in the input and "h" is the number of points in the resulting convex hull, a subset of the input points. Because every input point "might" be in the convex hull, an analysis in terms of the input alone would yield the less precise O("n" log "n") time.
The complexity of some algorithms depends not only on parameters of the input but also parameters of the machine the algorithm is being run on; as mentioned in #Metric being measured below, this is typical in analyzing algorithms that run on systems with fixed cache hierarchies, where the complexity may depend on parameters such as cache size and block size.
Abstract machine.
To analyze an algorithm precisely, one must assume it is being executed by a particular abstract machine. For example, on a random access machine, binary search can be used to rapidly locate a particular value in a sorted list in only O(log "n") comparisons, where "n" is the number of elements in the list; on a Turing machine, this is not possible, since it can only move one memory cell at a time and so requires Ω("n") steps to even reach an arbitrary value in the list.
Moreover, different abstract machines define different "primitive" operations, which are operations that can be performed in constant time. Some machines, like Turing machines, only permit one bit at a time to be read or written; these are called bit operations, and the number of bit operations required to solve a problem is called its bit complexity. Bit complexity generalizes to any machine where the memory cells are of a fixed size that does not depend on the input; for this reason, algorithms that manipulate numbers much larger than the registers on ordinary PCs are typically analyzed in terms of their bit complexity. Put another way, the bit complexity is the complexity when the word size is a single bit, where word size is the size of each memory cell and register.
Another commonly used model has words with log "n" bits, where "n" is a variable depending on the input. For example, in graph algorithms, it is typical to assume that the vertices are numbered 1 through "n" and that each memory cell can hold any of these values, so that they can refer to any vertex. This is justified in problems where the input uses Ω("n") words of storage, since on real computers, the memory cell and register size is typically selected in order to be able to index any word in memory. Operations on these words, such as copies and arithmetic operations, are assumed to operate in constant time, rather than O(log "n") time. The number of word operations required to solve a problem in this model is sometimes called its word complexity.
In computational complexity theory, researchers intentionally define complexity classes in a way intended to make them machine-independent - that is, if a problem lies in a particular class relative to a particular "reasonable" machine, it will lie in that class relative to any "reasonable" machine. For example, as mentioned above, the time complexity of binary search depends on whether a Turing machine or a random access machine is used; but regardless of the machine choice, it lies in P, the class of polynomial-time algorithms. In general, P is considered a machine-independent class because any operation that can be simulated in polynomial time can be assumed to require constant time, since it can be treated as a subroutine without exceeding the polynomial-time bound.
Oracle machines are machines that have a specific operation that they can perform in constant time; this operation can be arbitrarily complex and can dramatically affect the complexity of algorithms performed on the machine. For example, if one has an oracle to solve any NP-complete problem, then any problem in NP can be solved in polynomial time (whereas without the oracle, no polynomial-time algorithm is known for many of these problems). Oracle machines are impractical to construct but useful in theory for determining which proof techniques will be effective.
Metric being measured.
It's typical to say without qualification that insertion sort requires O("n"2) time; however, it doesn't make sense to say that the bit complexity of insertion sort is O("n"2), unless the elements being sorted are of constant size. If the elements are assumed to be integers between 1 and "n", then the word complexity where words have log "n" bits would be O("n"2), but it's preferable to have a model that allows sorting of lists other than lists of small integers, such as lists of strings. In this case, instead of measuring the number of time steps the abstract machine takes, it's preferable to define a particular metric appropriate to the problem at hand. For comparison sort algorithms, which examine the input using only comparisons and modify it using only exchanges (swaps), the typical metric is either the number of element comparisons performed, the number of element exchanges performed, or the sum of these. Different comparison sort algorithms can be compared using these metrics, but for useful comparison with non-comparison sorting algorithms, such as radix sort, a different metric must be used, and the set of elements must be restricted.
Because disk operations are orders of magnitude slower than accesses to main memory, the typical metric used in disk-based algorithms is the number of disk seeks or the number of blocks read from the disk, which depend on both the input and the parameters of the disk. RAM accesses and CPU operations are "free." Similarly, in many models used to study data structures, such as the cache-oblivious model, operations on cached data are considered "free" because they are typically orders of magnitude faster in practice than access to main memory. Consequently, the typical metric used is the number of cache misses, which depends on both the input and parameters of the cache.

</doc>
<doc id="18597271" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18597271" title="Bánh ướt">
Bánh ướt

Bánh ướt (literally "wet cakes"), is a Vietnamese thin pancake wrapper consisting of rice noodle sheets, eaten with "nước chấm", fried shallots, and a side of "chả lụa" (Vietnamese pork sausage).

</doc>
<doc id="18597272" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18597272" title="Alilu">
Alilu

Alilu may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18597273" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18597273" title="Chagatai people">
Chagatai people

The Chagatai (also Chagatai Tajiks or Tajik Chagatai) are one of the Tajik peoples of Uzbekistan. The Chagatai live in the Surxondaryo Province in south-east Uzbekistan and in southern Tajikistan. They numbered 63,500 in 1924-25. Together with the Kharduri, the Chagatai are one of the ethnographic groups of Tajiks who maintain a distinct identity. The origin of the people is unknown, although the name "Chagatai" is of Mongol origin, as Chagatai was a grandson of Genghis Khan. 
The Turkic Chagatai language is not the language of the Chagatai Tajiks.

</doc>
<doc id="18597276" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18597276" title="Astra Edwards">
Astra Edwards

Astra Rosetta Edwards-Bennett () is a Trinidadian table tennis player.
Born in Port of Spain, Edwards came to prominence in 1997, becoming the top junior female player in Trinidad and Tobago. That year she won the Silver Bowl, the National Junior Championship, and the Port of Spain Classified B Division. In international competitions, she won a silver medal at the Puerto Rico Federation Championships in the junior girls' doubles event with Shane Bhopa, three bronzes at the Caribbean Federation Championships in the girls' singles event, team event, and mixed doubles with Terrence Kallicharran. At the Barbados Championships she took silver in the girls' doubles with Bhopa and a bronze in the singles and mixed doubles, again with Kallicharran.
As an adult, she participated at the 2006 Central American and Caribbean Games and the 2007 Caribbean Tennis Championship. Astra has also won the Nathan Petroleum Services Singles Tournament at the PowerGen Sports Club in Penal on 1 November 2008. Astra first beat Avernelle Abraham 8-11, 11-8, 11-2, 11-3 in the semi finals and then went on to beat Kristin Scipio 10-12, 11-6, 11-6, 11-5 in the finals to capture the title. With this victory, Astra has also reclaimed her position in the Trinidad and Tobago National Table tennis squad, and will travel with them to the regional games being held in Jamaica in December 2008.
Edwards' mother, Verna, and sister, Aleena, are also competitive table tennis players. Astra Edwards works as a sales agent when not competing. Her fiancé is Kyle Bennett.

</doc>
<doc id="18597281" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18597281" title="Timothy G. Reagan">
Timothy G. Reagan

Timothy G. Reagan, Ph.D. (born July 15, 1956) is an American authority on educational linguistics and foreign language education. He is notable for having written books on non-Western educational approaches as well as foreign language education. Beginning in 2012, he is Dean of the Graduate School of Education at Nazarbayev University in Astana, Kazakhstan. He has taught courses in linguistics and education at Gallaudet University in Washington, DC, the University of Connecticut in Storrs, Connecticut, at the University of the Witwatersrand in Johannesburg, South Africa, and at Central Connecticut State University in New Britain, Connecticut. He served as Executive Associate Dean of the Neag School of Education at the University of Connecticut, as Dean of the School of Education at Roger Williams University in Bristol, Rhode Island, and as Executive Dean of the Faculty of Humanities at the University of the Witwatersrand.
Reagan's interests include educational policy studies including the language education of minority groups. His work includes research and publicatgions in applied educational linguistics, foreign language education, critical pedagogy, educational leadership, comparative and international education, and reflective practice. He studied the linguistic aspects of American and South African Sign Languages. He helped to start the International Society for Language Studies. He was a founder and co-editor of "Critical Issues in Language Studies", and is the Editor-in Chief of "Language Problems and Language Planning". He has traveled extensively and published twelve books and over 150 journal articles and book chapters.
In 2010 Reagan was named CSU Professor of Teacher Education. He gave the address at the May 2010 graduate commencement at Central Connecticut State University.
Reagan is now "CSU Professor Emeritus" and "Professor of Teacher Education Emeritus" at Central Connecticut State University, and Professor of Education at Nazarbayev University.

</doc>
<doc id="18597284" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18597284" title="Miss Dominican Republic 1956">
Miss Dominican Republic 1956

Señorita República Dominicana 1956 was held on January 29, 1956. There were 24 candidates who competed for the national crown. The winner represented the Dominican Republic at the Miss Universe 1956. On the top 10 they showed their evening gown so they could go to the top 5. In the top 5 they would answer more questions. This edition would send their first delegate to Miss Universe.
Results.
Top 10

</doc>
<doc id="18597287" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18597287" title="Paul Deichmann">
Paul Deichmann

Paul Deichmann (27 August 1898 – 10 January 1981) was a German World War II Luftwaffe general and recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross (). The Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross was awarded to recognise extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership.
Career.
"General der Flieger" Paul Deichmann was born in Fulda on 27 August 1898. He entered the German Imperial Army as a "Fähnrich" in the 86th Regiment of Fusiliers on 29 March 1916, and was commissioned a "Leutnant" a week prior to his eighteenth birthday. In the following August he began service with flying units as an observer, and continued this duty to the end of World War I.
Towards the end of 1920 he transferred to the 3rd Prussian Infantry Regiment, and in April 1925 was promoted to "Oberleutnant". He was temporarily released from the Army in 1928 and returned to active duty in 1931 with the 1st Infantry Regiment, and was promoted to "Hauptmann" in 1933. With the official establishment of the German "Luftwaffe" in 1934, he entered the Reich Air Ministry.
Paul Deichmann died on 10 January 1981 in Hamburg.

</doc>
<doc id="18597291" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18597291" title="Chala Kazak">
Chala Kazak

The Chala Kazak are a group of Kazaks who live in Kyrgyzstan and now consider themselves to be Kyrgyz. However they do not belong to any of the three main Kirgiz tribes.
The word Shala Kazak has a second meaning in Kazakhstan. It means part of the Kazak society who don't know their native language well or don't know it at all - the Qazaq language. 
The actual translation for "shala" or "chala" is half. Thus, the whole meaning is "half kazak", i.e. the person who does not know and does not like his/her native language. The word is considered to be derogatory/ demeaning, shameful term for Kazaks. 
There is a main reason that there are so many Kazak people who don't know and, sometime, hate their own native language - due to the heavy mass russification of all non-Slavic nations and minorities in the Soviet Union, many Kazaks forgot their language. Shala Kazaks still constitute a big proportion of all Kazaks in the contemporary Kazakhstan Community.

</doc>
<doc id="18597297" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18597297" title="Bedanand Jha">
Bedanand Jha

Bedananda Jha () was a Nepalese politician. In 1951 he founded the Nepal Terai Congress, seeking autonomy for the Terai region. Later he became an important politician during the "panchayat" period. He was a cabinet minister at several times. Jha was also chairman of the Back-to-the-Village National Campaign and ambassador to India.
Jha died on January 21, 2006. He was chairman of the National Assembly of Nepal at the time.

</doc>
<doc id="18597302" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18597302" title="1999 in Paraguayan football">
1999 in Paraguayan football

The following article presents a summary of the 1999 football (soccer) season in Paraguay.
results.
Torneo Apertura.
The Apertura tournament was played in a single all-play-all system. At the end, the top eight teams qualified to a playoff stage to determine the Apertura champion.
Apertura playoff stage.
The top eight teams qualified to this stage and were given bonus points based on their final standing in the table. Two groups of four teams were made, with the top two of each group advancing to a playoff stage.
Group stage.
Group A
Group B
Apertura final.
Olimpia wins the Apertura tournament final by aggregate score of 2-0.
Torneo Clausura.
The Clausura tournament was played in a single all-play-all system. At the end, the top eight teams qualified to a playoff stage to determine the Clausura champion.
"*" Presidente Hayes finished in the top eight but their average points over three years forced the team to be relegated so they did not take part of the playoff stage. Cerro Cora took their place instead.
Clausura playoff stage.
The top eight teams qualified to this stage and were given bonus points based on their final standing in the table. Two groups of four teams were made, with the top two of each group advancing to a playoff stage. Cerro Cora replaced Presidente Hayes in playoff stage due to Hayes being relegated to the second division.
Group stage.
Group A
Group B
Clausura final.
Cerro P. wins the Clausura tournament final by aggregate score of 5-1.
National championship game.
The national championship game was played between the Apertura and Clausura tournaments winners.
Olimpia declared as national champions by aggregate score of 4-2.
Paraguay national team.
The following table lists all the games played by the Paraguay national football team in the year 1999.

</doc>
<doc id="18597308" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18597308" title="Chudakov">
Chudakov

Chudakov is a Russian surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="18597359" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18597359" title="Nordhagen">
Nordhagen

Nordhagen is a surname of Norwegian origin. It may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18597367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18597367" title="Uncial 066">
Uncial 066

Uncial 066 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), α 1000 (Soden), is a Greek uncial manuscript of the New Testament. Palaeographically it has been assigned to the 6th-century. 
Description.
The codex contains a small part of the Acts 28:8-17, on one parchment leaf (25 cm by 20 cm). The text is written in two columns per page, 25 lines per page. It is a palimpsest. The upper text has a Georgian calendar. 
The Greek text of this codex is a representative of the Western text-type, but it has some the Caesarean readings. Kurt Aland placed it in Category III. 
Currently the manuscript is dated by the INTF to the 6th century.
Constantin von Tischendorf published its text.
It is currently housed at the Russian National Library (Suppl. Gr. 6, II, fol 4) in Saint Petersburg.

</doc>
<doc id="18597397" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18597397" title="Treasures Untold">
Treasures Untold

Treasures Untold is the title of a live recording by Doc Watson & Family, recorded at the 1964 Newport Folk Festival. It includes four duets with Clarence White. Watson's son, Merle, was 15 years old at the time of the recording. He would go on to perform numerous concerts and on recordings with his father.
It was released on CD in 1991 by Vanguard.
Reception.
Writing for Allmusic, music critic Thom Owen wrote the album "At the concert, Doc Watson and his family were in fine form, breathing life into a number of old-timey songs, ranging from ballads to folk songs to gospel. It's an exciting, affectionate performance, highlighted by four duets with Clarence White."
Track listing.
All tracks Traditional unless otherwise noted.
Personnel.
Production notes

</doc>
<doc id="18597403" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18597403" title="HMCS Columbia (DDE 260)">
HMCS Columbia (DDE 260)

HMCS "Columbia" (DDE 260) was a that served in the Royal Canadian Navy and later the Canadian Forces from 1959-1974.
"Columbia" was the seventh and final ship in her class and is the second Canadian naval unit to carry the name .
"Columbia" was laid down on 11 June 1952 at Burrard Dry Dock Ltd., North Vancouver and launched on 1 November 1956. She was commissioned into the RCN on 7 November 1959 carrying the pennant number 260.
"Columbia" was not selected for the Improved Restigouche (IRE) or Destroyer Life Extension (DELEX) projects and was instead decommissioned from active service in the CF on 18 February 1974. She was placed in Category C reserve and was converted into a dockside engineering training platform at CFB Esquimalt; her propellers were replaced with no-thrust wheels for this purpose.
"Columbia" was removed from reserve status in 1988 and sunk as an artificial reef off British Columbia in 1996.

</doc>
<doc id="18597406" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18597406" title="Badminton at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Men's doubles">
Badminton at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Men's doubles

These are the results of the men's doubles competition in badminton at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing.
The tournament consisted of a single-elimination tournament. Matches were played using a best-of-three games format. Games were played to 21 points, using rally scoring. Each game had to be won by a margin of two points, except when the game was won by a player who reached 30 even if the lead was only 1 at that point. 
The top four seeds in the tournament were placed in the bracket so as not to face each other until the semifinals. All other competitors were placed by draw.

</doc>
<doc id="18597409" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18597409" title="Longford Slashers">
Longford Slashers

Longford Slashers are a Gaelic Athletic Association club located in Longford, County Longford, Ireland.
History.
Longford Slashers were formed in 1954 when Longford wanderers and Whiterock Slashers amalgamated .
Here is a piece written by the late Tommy o Brien, one of the clubs founder members for a brochure published on the opening of the clubs grounds at farnyhoogan in 1980
. " Whiterock Slashers were enjoying great success on the football field and were Junior Champions of the county. Later they took the Junior League title and were therefore now bound to take their place in Senior ranks.
Longford Wanderers, after many years, were at stage struggling to keep the club in existence. The club was now playing in the Junior grade and for the first time in many years did not have a team in the Senior Championship. This situation was due to the fact that the better known players coming to work in town were assisting whiterock Slashers.
It seems some of the Whiterock Slashers officials realised the big step up from Junior to Senior status (no intermediate grade then) and hence the eagerness of some of their members to join forces with Wanderers who had seven or eight really good footballers.
Therefore, after lengthy discussion at the Whiterock Slashers A.G.M., it was agreed that both clubs pool their resources. Arriving at a name for the new club also presented a problem and finally the meeting decided to take Slashers from Whiterock and Longford from Wanderers and hence Longford Slashers came into existence. New officers and captains were appointed at another meeting of the new club arranged for the following week.
In the meantime rumours were doing the rounds that some whiterock Slashers members were anxious to keep a club alive in their area. These rumours were not without foundation and it was learned at the next meeting that Jim Ward did not intend to continue as secretary and as a result Noel Caslin and Tommy O'Brien (the author of this article) were appointed joint secretaries. There were also co-options to the committee and Ted Ward (brother of Jim) was elected to fill a vacancy on the selection committee
In fact Ted Ward was now at the veteran stage in his football career but he did turn out for the Senior team in some of their Leader cup games and well I remember the part he played in the defeat of Ardagh
At this second meeting it was also decided to have a house-to-house collection to raise much needed funds for the club. The following collectors were appointed: Dublin street - T. Donlon and M. McManus; Main street - A. Davis and M. Kelly; Ballymahon street - S. Greene and N. Caslin. Other officials collected in the outlying areas. It was also decided to hold a Whist drive and to purchase a set of jerseys.
The jerseys arrived in due course. The set was purchased at the right price - but it was soon discovered that the colours were not really suitable - red and blue with white collar and cuffs! However, we did win our first Senior Championship in said colours and the underage teams sported the Wanderers black and white for some time.
There was still much work to be done in getting the club off the ground. First of all the new club had to be affiliated and accepted by the County Board - and indeed overcame an objection by a delegate at the first board meeting
Transfers also had to be put through and the first competitive match was eagerly awaited so that we could evaluate our full strength. Longford Wanderers players were at this stage free to assist whichever club they wished but, happily, all threw in their lot with the new Flipeadoiri Longfoirt
A week or so after the formation of the new club, Whiterock Slashers decided to affiliate a team under the name Slashers and elected officers which included at least five of the newly elected Longford Slashers committee
At the first County Board meeting of the year the following transfers from Whiterock Slashers were declared optional - Noel Caslin, Sean Hannon, Sam Dennigan, Paddy McCarthy, Seamus Greene, Noel Murray, Christy Columb and Ted Ward. It is interesting to note that all of these players remained true to their word and most of them were rewarded with Senior Championship medals later in 1954. Seamus Kenny (Moydow) transferred from Kenagh and the Farrell brothers also from Moydow also joined the club
More news from that first County Board meeting was that Longford Slashers were drawn against Colmcille in the first round of the Senior championship and against Cashel in the Junior Championship.
Longford Slashers played their first match in Drumlish on Sunday 24 January, when the then reigning Senior League and championship holders, Young Irelands, won this challenge game by two points 0-8 to 1-3. It was considered a very satisfactory outing. Our contact in arranging this match was the late Rev. Sean Manning, C.C. Drumlish, who visited Tommy Donlon's residence in Dublin street most Monday nights for a chat (football, of course) and a game of cards.
At a meeting on the 25th January it was decided to affiliate Minor, Juvenile and Schoolboy teams in the various competitions. It was also reported that the collection was proving very successful and that each subscriber was issued with a membership card.
Success came quickly at under age level, and in our very first year the club won the Minor League and Juvenile championship and the Juveniles also won the Longford Carnival tournament. Of course it would take pages to give all the winning teams over the years and particularly at under-age level
Young Grattans from the Ballymacormack end of the parish were competing in Junior, Minor and Schoolboy grades at this time too, and Longford Slashers first scheduled competitive match was against Grattans in the Junior League at Pearse Park.
The following Longford Slashers players were listed for the match :- J. Gannon, T. Dennigan, R. Drumm, Mickey Finn, J. Murray, N. Murray, J. Duke, U. Martin, W. Mimnagh, M. Hanlon, F. Gaffney, D. Connolly, B. Corcoran, P. Bunce, M. Carrigy, B. Donnelly, G. McManus, S. Clarke, M. Reynolds, S. Kenny, P. Collins, S. Dennigan, M. Kelly, S. Hannon, C. Sarsfield, P. McCarthy, A. Devlin, C. Columb, K. Wynne and T. O'Brien.
At the start of the year all Longford Wanderers players were eligible to play junior football. However, the match did not materialise, only a few Grattan's players turned up, much to the disappointment of Joe Lyons. In the club's first Senior competitive game the team beat Ballymahon in the Leader Cup by a decisive 2-6 to 1-1. Seamus Greene missed this match and the players to play an outstanding part in this first success were Bob and Pat Farrell, Kieran Wynne, Paddy Collins, Seamus Kenny, Christy Columb and Sean Hannon.
Scorers were : Paddy Bunce 1-0, Paddy McCarthy 1-0, Noel Caslin 0-2, Sean Hannon 0-2, Sam Dennigan and Seamus Kenny 0-1 each.
The team followed up this win with a hard earned 0-7 to 0-3 victory over Ardagh. Seamus Greene, back after illness, had an outstanding game at centre half back while scores were notched by S. Hannon 0-5, Noel Caslin and P McCarthy. The Junior League game between the same clubs resulted in a draw.
Club players selected to represent Longford in the National Football League against Meath at this time were Mickey Kelly, Seamus Greene, Noel Caslin, Tommy O'Brien and Padraic Gearty, who was also a member of the U.C.D. club.
Listed for the Junior trial match were Pat and Bob Farrell, Kieran Wynee, Paddy Collins, Sean Hannon, Christy Columb, Seamus Kenny and T. O'Brien, while on trial for a place on the county minor team were Des Connolly (brother of Padraic, currently one of the club's best supporters), John Ward and Colm Sheeran, who formerly resided at Bridge street.
The Longford Slashers club were now making much progress and the Senior Team made many trips outside the county to play some of the best teams in the midlands and further a field. Officials believed in pitting the team against the best opposition and in this way the players were gaining experience and the team blended into a fine footballing side.
The team was well prepared for their first appearance in the Senior Championship and they turned in a great display to score a surprise 4-7 to 2-4 win over Colmcille to quality for the final at the first time of asking. In the opinion of many, Longford Slashers were now odds-on to win the title. Training was stepped up and the team was fighting fit for their most important encounter to date.
On county final day there was panic in the dressing room when Seamus Greene did not appear. I think it was Mick Donohoe who dispatched Pat Smith in search of the missing captain and when it came to match time a late change saw the youthful Michael Hanlon take over at corner back with Pat Farrell moving from there to centre half-back to fill Greene's berth
It was vice-captain Mickey Kelly who led the team onto the field to face the might of Sean Connolly's. It certainly was the toughest game I ever played in, and we were all relieved to see Seamus Greene appearing at half-time. It was later learned a transport hitch delayed his arrival. Greene had an outstanding Second thirty minutes. He revelled in the tough going and was in full command in the No.6 berth to keep Slashers ahead by 3 points 1-6 to 1-3 at the final whistle.
An early injury to Noel Caslin would have forced many another man to retire but Noel played on gallantly and made a significant contribution to this great victory
The celebrations were hectic after that first final victory which was achieved in such a short space of time. The majority of the team were pioneers and they enjoyed themselves too.
The presentation of medals took place on December 29, 1954 in the Temperance Hall, which was packed to capacity. The music for the Ceili was provided by the then famed Vincent Lowe Trio. One of the band members was Dermot O'brien, who was later to become a household name both as a footballer and entertainer.
The Juvenile title was also landed in 1954. It was a local derby parish final with Young Grattans providing the opposition. Our youngsters were convincing 4-7 to 1-0 victors and outstanding displays were given by Gerry Eustace, Michael Savage, Michael Gilleran, Francis Hanlon and Jimmy McGoey (whom we were pleased to meet again at the unofficial opening of the complex early in August after spending more than twenty years away from Longford). those who showed up well for Young Grattans that day were Ned Duggan, Paddy Dennigan, Seamus Ward, Sean Orohoe, Bobby Kelly, Po-Po Hackett and the Baxter brothers. Later Young Grattans went out of existence and most of the players joined Longford Slashers.
The 1954 Minor League medals were presented at a Ceili in Church Street Hall on April 21, 1955 and in this year we were beaten in the Leader cup final (1954) by Colmcille 5-5 to 3-4. The match was played at Purth on May 1 when rain poured down on this part of Colmcille parish with no rain at all in the other end of the parish. From here on Slashers were taken out of Pearse Park at every opportunity and matches were nearly always played on small pitches, which certainly did not suit their free-flowing style of play.
Mostrim were our first opponents in the defence of the Senior Championship Title. One of the best teams ever to come out of Mostrim held us to a draw the first day, but in the replay Slashers came out well on top, winning by double scores 2-10 to 0-8. However, Mostrim lodged an objection to the award of the match the following week and Slashers were eventually removed from the championship.
It all hinged on the legality of Davey Sheeran, who was in London for a short spell at the end of 1954. He returned early in 1955 but the Slashers Club was not made aware of the fact that a transfer to London had been put through Central Council while Davey was back living and working in Longford. This made him ineligible to play football here even though he did not play in London. Therefore Slashers were put out of the Championship on a technicality.
However, Slashers came bouncing back to win the Senior Championship again in 1956 and 1957 and in fact their first defeat in the Longford Senior Championship did not come until 1958 when Colmcille beat them at the semi-final stage. they went on to win the title with a first class team.
Even though Slashers surrendered their Senior crown after been undefeated since 1954, they gained ample compensation when winning the Leader cup. Indeed it is believed to be the first time that a team from the town won the cup.
The Minor champion ship title was also won for the first time in 1958 and the Minors completed the double by capturing the League title also. The Juveniles won back the championship after a four year lapse and the club did something that day which would not be entertained now - they played the Minor and Juvenile Championship final on the same Sunday even though four or five players were doubly engaged.
The Minors beat Mostrim 2-7 to 3-3 with a late goal from Sean Donnelly, and the Juveniles also won the Carnival Tournament and to make it a great year to remember the senior team won the Newtowncashel Inter-provincial tournament for the first time.
At this time the club were donning their new colours - sky blue - and the decision to change was taken in 1957, the year the famed Tuam Stars came to Longford to play Slashers in a challenge game which attracted a record crowd for an evening game.
The Senior Championship crown returned to the club in 1959. Killoe foiled the team of two in a row in the 1960 final but Slashers were back as kingpins again in 1961 when they beat Drumlish in the final.
Over the next decade the Senior team came up against the great Clonguish and Granard teams, Clonguish in particular having a great side, many of whom formed the nucleus of the great county team of the late 60's, and although they always extended these teams they never could master them, and it was not until 1971 that the Sean Connolly Cup finally arrived back to the town."
Longford Slashers have won the Longford Senior Championship 16 times - 1954, 1956, 1957, 1959, 1961, 1971, 1975, 1979, 1980, 1989, 1990, 1991, 1994, 2010, 2011 & 2013.
Since the foundation of the Club in 1954, Longford Slashers were without a home of their own and depended on the goodwill of Longford County Board to play many of their games in Pearse Park. They also rented some fields locally at other times over the years. 
In 1978 they purchased an initial at Farneyhoogan on the outskirts of Longford town. Following extensive development work, the first two pitches were opened on 8th. June 1980 - the first competitive game was a Leader Cup match V Ardagh. The Club grounds, Clubhouse and other facilities were officially opened by the then President of Cumann Luthchleas Gael, Padraic McFlynn, on the 12th. October 1980.
On April 25. 2005 another milestone was reached when a new floodlit all-weather playing pitch was opened on an additional of land that the club purchased. On October 6, 2013, Slashers won their 16th county title, defeating Dromard by 1-11 to 1-9, and are now the most successful Gaelic football team in County Longford.
Additional.
Longford Slashers are based in Michael Fay Park, Longford Town, Co. Longford. They have won the Longford Senior Football County Championship 16 times (more than any other team in Longford) They also are home to the Backstage Theatre Longford, a clubhouse and a gael scoil. They have a big rivalry with Clonguish (Newtownforbes).
Senior Football.
The senior team's manager is Denis Connerton, former Longford County team manager.Slashers Also have an intermediate and Junior team.
Achievements.
The club also recently reached county finals in 1960,1963,1964,1968,1977,1978, 1981,1997 2006 2008 and 2012.
Under-Age.
There are 8 under-age teams in the club: u-8s, u-10s, u-12s, two u-14s, two u16s & minor, and they have enjoyed great success, winning numerous titles including an Under 14 under 16 championship double in 2013.
Longford Slashers have enjoyed success at U-21 level in the county, with their most recent success coming in 2004.
Notable players.
Dessie Barry is Slashers most well known and arguably greatest player. Barry won his first county championship in 1979 at the age of 17. He went on to win five more senior championships in 1980, '89, '90, '91 and '94 receiving man-of-the-match for each of the three in a row (1989 - '91). Although he was an exceptional footballer for most of his career, playing for Longford County from 1982 to 2000, it was the period around 1990 where he was at the peak of his powers. As well as his success at the local level he was selected on successive Railway Cup teams between 1988 and 1990 and was nominated for an All-Star in those same three years. His highest national achievement came when he was picked to represent his country in the International Rules series against Australia in 1985. He is one of only three Longford players to have done so. He retired from senior football in 2001 and soon after became manager of Slashers senior team. He left the role in 2006 having helped lay the foundation for the team's success later in the decade. Dessie Barry was pick for Longford County's team of the Millennium. Barry was also nominated as one of Leinster's best footballers in the 25 year period 1984-2009. .
Present InterCounty Players.
At present Longford Slashers have six county panelists: Dermott Brady, Niall Mulligan, Barry Gilleran, Paul Kelly,peter foy and Michael Brady.

</doc>
<doc id="18597411" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18597411" title="Chowdur">
Chowdur

The Choudur (meaning herder) were one of the ten major groups of people that merged after 1920 to form the modern Turkmen Republic. They live primarily around the Khorezm Oasis. They are a part of the larger Gujjar tribe inhabiting India, Pakistan and Afghanistan.
History.
The Choudor are thought to belong to the original Turkmen group and the left flank of Oghuz Khan’s army.
They lived by the Caspian Sea since approximately the beginning of the second millennium. Abul Ghazi tells us they arrived in Mangyshlak as early as the 11th century. Prior to the rise of Toghrul Bek (the first Seljuk ruler, 1038 until 1063), many tribes followed the lead of their tribal leaders Kilik bek, Kazan bek and Karaman bek and settled in Mangyshlak. Most of them were members of the Imir, Dukur, Düker (Döger), Igdir, Chavuldur, Karkin, Salor or Agar (Ajar) tribes. 
In 1219, the Mongols crushed the Khwarazm Shah and his Turkmen/Azeri allies. Two years later, in 1221, the Mongol conquest pushed the Turko-Iranian Oghuz tribes including the Choudur from the Syr Dara region into the Kara Kum area and along the Caspian Sea. 
Many Choudur appear to have stayed on the Mangyshlak Peninsula from then through the Timurid and the Shaybanid Uzbek periods, beginning the Turco-Mongol transformation of these originally Turko-Iranian people. 
In the early 16th century, the Choudur were a confederate or aymaq in the Salar Sayin Khani confederation. The Choudur were primarily concentrated in the Mangyshlak Peninsula on the northeastern Caspian coast. The Kalmuks moved into the Mangyshlak Peninsula, the Sayin Khan confederation broke up and the Choudur ended up southeast of Khiva loosely confederated, but under the authority of the Yomud. There are indications that some Choudur ended up in the mid Amu Darya region near north of Charjui.
In 1743, the Yomud captured Khiva briefly and again in 1767, but that time they held it for three years. In 1770, the Muhammad Amin Inaq of the Qungrats, defeated the Yomuds and founded the Qungrat dynasty. Part and parcel of this was the breakup of the Yomud which gave the Choudur autonomy from the Yomud, but still under the Khiva/Khwarezem Khans.
Lifestyle.
Turkmen living in the Murgab River delta (Margiana oasis) traditionally farmed and herded karakul and fat-tailed sheep with some goats. Camels were herded separately. 
Herders ("chovdur" in Turkmen) covered an area around the oasis to the north. Each chovdur knew the wells, the temporary summer camps ("yazlag") and the winter houses or camps ("gyshlag") which were grouped in villages in the oasis. The "gyshlags" were all located in the cultivated areas, where herders could find late forage and reeds for shelters.

</doc>
<doc id="18597416" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18597416" title="Royal Commission on Newspapers">
Royal Commission on Newspapers

The Royal Commission on Newspapers, popularly known as the Kent Commission, was a Canadian Royal Commission chaired by Tom Kent. It was created in 1980 in response to growing concerns over concentration of media ownership in Canada. The Commission's final report was delivered in 1981.
Much of the impetus for the creation of the commission was the virtually simultaneous closure, on August 26-27, 1980, of two major daily newspapers: the "Ottawa Journal" (owned by the "Thomson Corporation") and the "Winnipeg Tribune" (owned by Southam Inc.). These closures gave each chain a monopoly in the two markets, Southam with the "Ottawa Citizen" and Thomson with the "Winnipeg Free Press". The resulting allegations of collusion prompted the Canadian government to launch the Kent Commission.

</doc>
<doc id="18597426" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18597426" title="Partial leverage">
Partial leverage

In statistics, high-leverage points are those that are outliers with respect to the independent variables. Leverage points are those that cause large changes in the parameter estimates when they are deleted. Although an influential point will typically have high leverage, a high leverage point is not necessarily an influential point. The leverage is typically defined as the diagonal of the hat matrix
Partial leverage is used to measure the contribution of the individual independent variables to the leverage of each observation. That is, if "h""i" is the "i"th row of the diagonal of the hat matrix, the partial leverage is a measure of how "h""i" changes as a variable is added to the regression model.
The partial leverage is computed as:
where
Note that the partial leverage is the leverage of the "i"th point in the partial regression plot for the "j"th variable. Data points with large partial leverage for an independent variable can exert undue influence on the selection of that variable in automatic regression model building procedures.

</doc>
<doc id="18597439" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18597439" title="Sunset Grill">
Sunset Grill

Sunset Grill may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18597440" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18597440" title="HMCS Columbia">
HMCS Columbia

Several Canadian naval units have been named HMCS "Columbia".

</doc>
<doc id="18597455" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18597455" title="Drewes">
Drewes

Drewes is a surname of German origin. The name refers to:

</doc>
<doc id="18597482" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18597482" title="Paul Walsh (disambiguation)">
Paul Walsh (disambiguation)

Paul Walsh is an English former professional footballer and sports television pundit.
Paul Walsh may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18597501" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18597501" title="Sardzhalar">
Sardzhalar

Sardzhalar (also, Saradzhalar) is a town in the Ararat Province of Armenia.

</doc>
<doc id="18597524" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18597524" title="Mansour Barzegar">
Mansour Barzegar

Mansour Barzegar (, born February 28, 1947 in Tehran) is an Iranian wrestler who competed in Freestyle at the 1976 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="18597529" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18597529" title="Uncial 067">
Uncial 067

Uncial 067 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), ε 2 (Soden), is a Greek uncial manuscript of the New Testament, dated paleographically to the 6th century. 
Description.
The codex contains a small part of the Matthew 14; Mark 9, 14, on 6 parchment leaves (20 cm by 15.5 cm). The text is written in two columns per page, 24 lines per page. It is a palimpsest, the upper text was written in the 10th century it contains Georgian calendar. 
The text of this codex contains:
Matthew 14:13-16.19-23; 24:37-25:1.32-45; 26:31-45; Mark 9:14-22; 14:58-70. 
The Greek text of this codex is mixed, with a strong element of the Byzantine text-type. Aland placed it in Category III.
History.
Currently the manuscript is dated by the INTF to the 6th century.
Probably it was brought from Sinai. It was examined by Eduard de Muralt and Kurt Treu.
It is currently housed at the Russian National Library (Suppl. Gr. 6 III, fol. 8-9) in Saint Petersburg.

</doc>
<doc id="18597545" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18597545" title="Nepali Jan Congress">
Nepali Jan Congress

Nepali Jan Congress was a political party in Nepal. The party was led by Bhadra Kali Misra. In 1954 it was included into the national government. The party later merged into the Praja Parishad of Tanka Prasad Acharya.

</doc>
<doc id="18597550" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18597550" title="Elizabeth Treadwell">
Elizabeth Treadwell

Elizabeth Treadwell (born 1967) is an U.S. poet. Her works include LILYFOIL + 3 (O Books, 2004), Chantry (Chax Press, 2004), Cornstarch Figurine (Dusie Books, 2006), Birds & Fancies (Shearsman Books, 2007), and Wardolly (Chax Press, 2008).
Poetic Style.
Writing in Stride magazine, critic Nathan Thompson called hers "a difficult but deeply rewarding poetry. It has a precision and a tenderness all of its own."1 In Boog City, critic Maureen Thorson called Treadwell's "a feminine poetry, marvelous, tough, and unrelenting."2 Treadwell's work has also been reviewed in Rain Taxi, Jacket, The Believer (magazine), and elsewhere. Her work is discussed in The Boston Review May/June 2009 as part of "The New Thing: the object lessons of recent American poetry."3
Life.
Born in Oakland, California, Treadwell is a graduate of the Berkeley Unified School District, the University of California, Berkeley (B.A. in Native American Studies, 1991), and San Francisco State University (MFA in Creative Writing, 1997). From 2000-2007, she was director of Small Press Traffic Literary Arts Center at the California College of the Arts in San Francisco.
External links.
Elizabeth Treadwell's web site

</doc>
<doc id="18597562" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18597562" title="Wedding in Malinovka">
Wedding in Malinovka

Wedding in Malinovka (, "Svadba v Malinovke") is a 1967 Soviet comedy film directed by Andrei Tutyshkin based on an operetta by Boris Aleksandrov adapted by Leonid Yukhvid. Produced by Semyon Malkin (Lenfilm). Runtime - 95 min.
Cinematography by Vyacheslav Fastovich. Editing by Mariya Pen. Music by Boris Aleksandrov performed by A. Fedotov (conductor) and S. Orlansky (musical director).

</doc>
<doc id="18597564" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18597564" title="Darb">
Darb

Darb () is a village in Chelo Rural District, Chelo District, Andika County, Khuzestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 120, in 18 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="18597569" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18597569" title="Camko City">
Camko City

Camko City () is an urban development project in suburban Phnom Penh, Cambodia. It is under construction by World City Co., Ltd., and the project is divided into six phases.
Location.
Camko City is in the Russei Keo District, about 3 km north of the centre of Phnom Penh. It was approved as a development zone for a new satellite city in February 2003 by the Bureau of Urban Planning of the Municipality of Phnom Penh.
The first phase of the project began December 2005 and is expected to be completed in 2018. 
It will consist of the construction of villas, townhouses and high-rise residential condominiums. When built the Phase I will have some 1,000 units. As of 2009, more than half of the condominiums are sold while the townhouses and villas are sold out, although construction has just begun with piling materials.
Infrastructure.
It includes four- to six-lane paved roads, water supply & sewage system, stable electrical system, high speed information and telecommunication lines and systems, electronic security systems and sustainable environmental systems.
Constructions of new residential units are being imposed along with new infrastructure such as skyscrapers.

</doc>
<doc id="18597598" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18597598" title="John Welles, 1st Viscount Welles">
John Welles, 1st Viscount Welles

John (de) Welles, 1st Viscount Welles, KG (c. 1450 – 9 February 1498) was an English Lancastrian nobleman who was made a Knight of the Garter.
John was born about 1450 to Lionel de Welles, 6th Baron Welles and Margaret Beauchamp. He was a maternal half-brother of Margaret Beaufort, and thus an uncle of the half-blood of Henry VII.
John died and was buried on February 1498 in Westminster, England.
War of the Roses.
John's father, Lionel de Welles, 6th Baron Welles, was slain at the Battle of Towton in 1461, and his elder half-brother, Richard Welles, 7th Baron Welles, inherited the Welles barony. Richard Welles and his son and heir, Robert Welles, 8th Baron Willoughby de Eresby, were both beheaded in March 1470 for involvement in an uprising against Edward IV in Lincolnshire. After the death of Robert Welles, the Welles barony was inherited, in her own right, by his only sister, Joan Welles. However shortly after Joan Welles' death in about 1474/5, both her father, Richard Welles, and her brother, Robert Welles, were attainted by Act of Parliament, five years after their executions. As a result of the attainders, John Welles was not able to enjoy the title to the Welles barony until the attainders were reversed by Parliament under Henry VII.
A pardon in 1478 did not prevent Welles from participating in Buckingham's rebellion. He escaped to his nephew, the future Henry VII, in Brittany after its collapse. Henry knighted him on 7 August 1485 and he was created Viscount before 1 September 1487 and given substantial grants.
Marriage.
Some time in December 1487 John married Princess Cecily of York, the daughter of Edward IV and Elizabeth Woodville, making him a member of the Royal Family. Princess Cecily of York was born on 20 March 1468 in Westminster, England and died on 24 August 1507 in Abbey England. The apparent aim of Henry VII was to reward his uncle for loyalty and keep Cecily from marrying a more ambitious man. John and Cecily had three children, Robert Welles (c. 1484 - 1558), Elizabeth Welles (c. 1489 – 1498) and Anne Welles (c. 1491 – c. 1499).
He died 9 February 1498 in London. Anne died soon after. His will is as follows:

</doc>
<doc id="18597606" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18597606" title="Greben Cossacks">
Greben Cossacks

The Greben or Skoi Cossack host was a group of Cossacks formed in the 16th century from Don Cossacks who left the Don area and settled in the northern foothills of the Caucasus. The Greben Cossacks are part of the Terek Cossacks.They were influenced by Chechen and Nogai culture and most were bilingual in the Russian language and the Nogai language.

</doc>
<doc id="18597608" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18597608" title="Vozha River">
Vozha River

The Vozha () is a river in Ryazan Oblast, Russia. It is a right tributary of the Oka River, and is long.
The town of Rybnoye is situated by the Vozha.
In August 1378, Muscovite prince Dmitry Donskoy defeated a Mongol army in the Battle of the Vozha River.

</doc>
<doc id="18597645" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18597645" title="Fort Fraser (Florida)">
Fort Fraser (Florida)

Fort Fraser was a United States Army fortification constructed in November 1837 between the modern cities of Lakeland and Bartow in Polk County, Florida. The fort's name was inspired by Upton S. Fraser, a Captain in the U.S. Army who was killed by Seminole Indians in the March to Fort King on December 28, 1835. Colonel Zachary Taylor, who would later become the President of the United States, served at Fort Fraser as commander of two companies of the 1st U.S. Infantry. The fort was abandoned by the Army in May 1838, only to be informally used later as a shelter during the American Civil War and Third Seminole War.

</doc>
<doc id="18597655" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18597655" title="RMIT International University">
RMIT International University

The Royal Melbourne Institute of Technology (RMIT) an Australian-based university operating in Vietnam, with two campuses located in Ho Chi Minh City and in Hanoi. The Vietnamese branch is officially known as RMIT International University (commonly referred to as RMIT Vietnam) and its Australian counterpart is known as RMIT University.
History.
In 1998, RMIT in Australia was invited by the Vietnamese Government to establish a fully foreign-owned university in Vietnam. In 2000, RMIT was granted a licence by the Vietnamese Ministry of Planning and Investment to deliver undergraduate and postgraduate education, training and research. 
RMIT University Vietnam was officially founded in 2001, and commenced offering programs at its purpose-built campus in Ho Chi Minh City. In 2004, it established a second campus in the Vietnamese capital city of Hanoi. 
Since its foundation, RMIT University Vietnam has granted over 90 billion VND (approximately $4.5 million USD) in scholarships.
RMIT University Vietnam has been awarded 10 Golden Dragon Award for its "excellence in education" by the Vietnamese Ministry of Trade since 2003. It has also been awarded by the Australian Chamber of Commerce for its "innovation and community service" as well as received Certificates of Merit from the Ho Chi Minh City People’s Committee and the Hanoi Government. 
In 2008, RMIT International University received a Certificate of Merit from the Prime Minister of Vietnam, Nguyen Tan Dung, for its "educational achievements contributing to the social and economic development of Vietnam".
Organisation.
All degree programs at RMIT International University are recognised by the Vietnamese Ministry of Education and Training and are audited by the Tertiary Education Quality and Standards Agency. The University's degrees are awarded by RMIT University in Australia.
The resident President of the university in Vietnam is Professor Joyce Kirk. The Chancellor of RMIT, Dr Ziggy Switkowski, is the Chancellor of both RMIT University and of RMIT International University. RMIT University's Vice-Chancellor, Professor Margaret Gardner, AO, is the corporate President of RMIT International University Holdings Pty. Ltd.
Campuses and Facilities.
RMIT Saigon South.
RMIT's "Saigon South" campus is located in Ho Chi Minh City, approximately 7 km from the city centre. The purpose-built facility was opened in 2001 and was designed by architectural firm Norman Day and Associates. Professor Norman Day is an Adjunct Professor of Architecture at RMIT University and also an alumnus of the university.
The East Wing of the campus houses its main academic centre and sporting fields, and the West Wing houses the university's administration offices, food and beverage outlets, a health clinic, the 'Melbourne Theatre' and the campus library.
In 2012, RMIT Vietnam opened its latest Academic Building - AB2. Stage 2, completed in 2009, included a sport and leisure centre, tennis courts, and residential buildings.
In October 2011, RMIT opened English classes at a campus on Pham Ngoc Thach in District 3. The campus will also host business and IELTs classes.
Library.
The facility, at the University's Saigon South campus, is called the Beanland Library and Learning Commons, in honour of a former leader of RMIT University in Australia, Professor David Beanland, one of the people responsible for RMIT coming to Vietnam.
The library features a greatly expanded book collection, along with better access to many electronic databases from around the world, and a range of different spaces to allow for different kinds of study.
The library features areas where discussion in small groups is encouraged. Other parts are designed for teaching and instruction by librarians specially trained in different study programs. Librarians will also conduct library tours to help new students make the best use of the latest facilities.
Many services offered across the university – such as support to improve student learning skills – will now be accessible from within the library itself.
RMIT Hanoi.
RMIT's Hanoi campus opened in 2004 in a renovated multi-level building situated in the Van Phuc Compound in the diplomatic quarter of Hanoi. 
From March 2011, RMIT Hanoi has moved from the previous nine level building near the famous Văn Miếu Hà Nội (Temple of Literature) to Tower B of Handi Resco Building at 521 Kim Ma Street, Ba Dinh District, Hanoi to satisfy the increasing number of students at this campus.
Programs of Study.
The current offered programs include:
Student life.
RMIT International University's campuses currently have a combined student population of approximately 6000 students, with international students from Australia, China, France, Germany, Malaysia, Russia, Singapore, South Africa, South Korea, the United Kingdom and the United States, as well as other countries.
Each campus (in Hanoi and Ho Chi Minh city) owns about 30 clubs for students in many aspects including English, art, photography, motion picture, dancing, entrepreneur, business, accountancy, Aikido, San Shou, SIFE, environment protection and others. 
Events and parties are held by student clubs and Student Council (SC) for every month and annually.

</doc>
<doc id="18597657" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18597657" title="Slobodan Marković">
Slobodan Marković

Slobodan Marković (, born 9 November 1978 in Zagreb) is a retired Serbian international football midfielder that has most recently played for FK Šumadija Jagnjilo in the Serbian League Belgrade.
Born in Zagreb, as a son of a military officer in the SFR Yugoslav Air Force, he grew up in Čačak and started playing for local FK Borac Čačak, after that he has played FK Železnik, FK Voždovac and FK Vojvodina in the Serbian SuperLiga. He later played in Ukraine with Metalurh Donetsk and Tavriya Simferopol in the Ukrainian Premier League.
Coaching career.
At the end of year 2013 Marković has decided to retire and begin coaching career. In January 2014 he has started taking care of Belgrade based lower ranks club Balkan Mirijevo youth.

</doc>
<doc id="18597666" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18597666" title="Andrzej Towiański">
Andrzej Towiański

Andrzej Tomasz Towiański (January 1, 1799 – May 13, 1878) was a Polish philosopher and Messianist religious leader. 
Life.
Towiański was born in Antoszwińce, a village near Wilno, which after Partitions of Poland belonged to the Russian Empire. He was the charismatic leader of the Towiańskiite sect, known also as "Koło Sprawy Bożej" (the Circle of God's Cause). In 1839 he experienced a vision in which the Holy Ghost and the Virgin Mary urged him to act as a messenger of the Apocalypse. The Poles, the French - particularly Napoleon - and Jews were to play leading roles. Among those influenced by his thinking were the Polish Romantic poets Adam Mickiewicz, Juliusz Słowacki, and Seweryn Goszczyński.
His extraordinary influence on Mickiewicz, a leader of the Polish emigre community, was divisive, and some members of the community accused him of being a Russian agent.
He died in Zurich.

</doc>
<doc id="18597683" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18597683" title="37th Regiment Kentucky Volunteer Mounted Infantry">
37th Regiment Kentucky Volunteer Mounted Infantry

The 37th Kentucky Volunteer Mounted Infantry Regiment was a mounted infantry regiment that served in the Union Army during the American Civil War.
Service.
The majority of the 37th Kentucky Mounted Infantry was organized at Glasgow, Kentucky. Companies A, B and C were mustered into service at Glasgow on September 17, 1863. Companies D, E, F, and G were mustered October 24, also at Glasgow. Captain Stroub's company, which was originally intended for the 51st Kentucky Infantry, was mustered into service at Covington, Kentucky on September 4, and afterward consolidated with the regiment as Company H. Companies I and K were mustered at Glasgow on December 21–22. It was mustered in under the command of Colonel Charles S. Hanson.
The regiment was attached to District of South Central Kentucky, 1st Division, XXIII Corps, Department of the Ohio, to January 1864. District of Southwest Kentucky, 1st Division, XXIII Corps, to April 1864. 3rd Brigade, 1st Division, District of Kentucky, 5th Division, XXIII Corps, Department of the Ohio, to December 1864.
The 37th Kentucky Mounted Infantry mustered out of service on December 29, 1864.
Detailed service.
Duty at Glasgow, Ky., and in District of South Central Kentucky, operating against guerrillas and protecting public property until March 1864. Attack on camp at Glasgow October 6, 1863. Moved to Columbia March, 1864. Operations against Morgan May 31-June 20. Mt. Sterling, Ky., June 9. Cynthiana June 12. Operations in eastern Kentucky until September. Bettier's Gap August 23. Burbridge's Expedition into southwest Virginia September 20-October 17. McCormick's Gap September 20. Saltville, Va., October 2. Bloomfield November 5. Owen County November 15.
Casualties.
The regiment lost a total of 106 men during service; 8 enlisted men killed or mortally wounded, 98 enlisted men died of disease.

</doc>
<doc id="18597687" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18597687" title="Thurlow">
Thurlow

Thurlow is a surname and a given name, and may refer to:
Surname:
Given name:
Thurlow is also a former township in Hastings County, Ontario, now part of Belleville, Ontario.

</doc>
<doc id="18597692" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18597692" title="Fland Dá Chongal">
Fland Dá Chongal

Fland Dá Chongal or Flann Ua Congaile (flourished late 7th century) was a king of the Uí Failge, a Laigin people of County Offaly.
Fland is not mentioned in the annals of Ireland but appears in king lists and genealogies. The king lists in the "Book of Leinster" place his reign before Cillíne mac Forannáin (died 652), however the death obits of his sons would place his reign later. He was most likely a contemporary of Cellach Cualann (died 715), king of Leinster and the predecessor of Forbassach Ua Congaile (died 714). Forbasach ruled for three years according to the "Book of Leinster" and Fland for fourteen years which gives a possible reign of 697-711 for Fland.
Fland was the great great grandson of a brother of Áed Róin mac Cathail (died 604), a previous king. Fland had twelve children by at least three different wives:
Four of Fland's sons were slain at the Battle of Áth Senaig in 738 when the men of Leinster were crushed by the high king Áed Allán. fland's descendants were known as the Uí Flaind.

</doc>
<doc id="18597699" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18597699" title="Temein language">
Temein language

Temein, also known as "Ron(g)e", is an Eastern Sudanic language spoken by the Temein people of the Nuba Hills in Sudan.
"Ronge" is an approximation of the endonym. Stevenson reports the people are and the language ; Dimmendaal has for a person, for the people, and for the language.

</doc>
<doc id="18597718" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18597718" title="June Rae Wood">
June Rae Wood

June Rae Wood is an American author. One of her books, "The Man Who Loved Clowns", won the Mark Twain Award and William Allen White Award in 1995.
Early life.
June Rae Wood grew up in Versailles, Missouri, with 7 siblings: 4 brothers and 3 sisters. Her brother, Richard, who had Down syndrome, was her model for "The Man Who Loved Clowns". June's other brothers and sisters had to protect Richard from other people who would be mean to him. Many people would laugh and stare, but Richard thought this was a compliment. But, everyone knew Richard was really sad inside.
Richard.
Her brother loved Elvis Parsely so much, just like the character Punky in "The Man Who Loved Clowns". Richard had a brown cowboy hat which he loved so much. The only things he would watch on television were commercials and cartoons. He would often take the paper off of crayons, break them into two and roll them across the table but he never used the tips. Later in his life, he went to work at a sheltered workshop. He had a great time and made actual friends until he was 35 years old. Richard died at age 36 after years of love and caring family members. Richard also loved fried chicken and when he ate it he took the bone and threw it behind the TV.

</doc>
<doc id="18597746" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18597746" title="East Anglian Waterways Association">
East Anglian Waterways Association

The East Anglian Waterways Association is a waterway society and an umbrella organisation in East Anglia, England, UK.
The association was founded on 18 April 1958, and it campaigns for the preservation, restoration and good management of the tidal and inland waterways in East Anglia. One of its early projects was an investigation into the complex legal status of the staithes or landing stages on the Norfolk Broads, which was carried out in the 1960s. The research paved the way for many of the staithes to be adopted by the Broads Authority, and retained as public access points to the waterways.
For more than fifty years, EAWA has worked with other organisations to have the River Great Ouse reopened to Bedford, the purchase and restoration of Dilham Dyke on the Broads, and many other projects.
EAWA is also a member of the Broads Forum. Having suggested plans to reopen the North Walsham & Dilham Canal in 1992, and then working actively to achieve that aim, the EAWA helped with the launch of the North Walsham and Dilham Canal Trust in 2008.
The association is also one of the funding partners for the Fens Waterways Link, a multi-million pound project for the creation of a navigable link through Lincoln, Boston and Spalding to Ely. The Link would open up 240 km of waterway.
EAWA also actively supports related projects, such as the Bourne Eau restoration, the Stamford Canal, and Clay Dike, in partnership with the Inland Waterways Association.
EAWA's partnerships with other waterways trusts / organisations:

</doc>
<doc id="18597747" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18597747" title="Josiah Dennis House">
Josiah Dennis House

Josiah Dennis House is a historic house on Nobscusset Road at Whig Street in Dennis, Massachusetts.
The house was built in 1736 and added to the National Historic Register in 1974.
The Dennis Historical Society owns and operates the house as the Josiah Dennis Manse Museum, an 18th-century historic house museum. The house is open on Tuesdays and Thursdays in the summer.

</doc>
<doc id="18597761" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18597761" title="West Schoolhouse (Dennis, Massachusetts)">
West Schoolhouse (Dennis, Massachusetts)

West Schoolhouse is a historic school on Nobscusset Road at Whig Street in 
Dennis, Massachusetts.
The house was built in 1770 and added to the National Historic Register in 1975.

</doc>
<doc id="18597762" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18597762" title="Ultra Warrior">
Ultra Warrior

Ultra Warrior, also known as Welcome to Oblivion, is a post-apocalyptic 1990 film directed by Augusto Tamayo San Román and Kevin Tent. Set in a futuristic dystopia, a nuclear holocaust creates mutants who inhabit the radioactive areas. One man emerges as the leader of a group of survivors called "Muties". The main character, portrayed by Dack Rambo, is looking for zirconium which is used to make bombs to prevent aliens from destroying Earth.
This B list film is notable for its excessive use of stock footage and its poor quality. Some footage comes from other New Horizons films such as "Lords of the Deep", "Crimezone", "Battletruck", "Battle Beyond the Stars", "Wheels of Fire" and "Dune Warriors". In fact, even a sex scene comes from stock footage, as the character in the scene has long, blond hair, while Dack Rambo’s hair is dark and short.
The Concorde theatrical release was filmed in Peru and was later cut up for the VHS release.
Plot.
A failed space based defense system kills millions in a nuclear disaster. In the subsequent chaos, the wealthy developed cities run by brutal military fascists, while the poor roam the radioactive deserts created by the nuclear fallout. Many turn to extreme violence and slavery to survive. The weaker mutated victims of these violent bandits are called Muties. 
In 2058 Kansas City, Rudolph Kenner is staying at a casino/strip bar when he receives a message notifying him that a zirconium mine on Mars was lost to rebel forces. He is ordered to complete his mission and to take care of his trainee, Phil, the son of a zirconium business leader. The next morning, Kenner, Phil, and Phil’s girlfriend Sheila, head east to Oblivion, a desolate area once known as the Atlantic seaboard. 
Kenner finds a young Mutie stuck in a trap and returns her to her colony. While he is there bandits attack the colony, killing Phil and capturing Kenner and Sheila. Kenner is taken to a bandit base, the Colosseum. He is brought before Bishop, the leader of the bandits, who knows Kenner’s mission and plans to kill him during a gladiator battle. Fortunately, Kenner escapes from the base with a group of Muties in a bandits’ car.
Later, Kenner explains to Grace, one of the Muties, about his mission. He is to take radioactivity readings to see if they can zirconium around Oblivion. The precious mineral is important in fighting aliens from a parallel universe who transforms planets into stars. To thwart them, scientists developed a zirconium bomb which was used to destroy an alien starship. Kenner's mission is to find more zirconium. When Kenner asks about Grace’s family, she explains her parents were eaten by subterranean, cannibalistic mutants called “Whities”. 
Eventually, Kenner and the Muties make their way back to camp, which is soon attacked by bandits. However, Kenner sits in the open and draws the bandits into the Mutie shelter. Meanwhile, the Muties hijack the bandits’ vehicles and Kenner escapes. The Muties demolish their shelter, crushing the bandits inside. They capture Elijah, a stranger who was helping the bandits and who Kenner encountered earlier. 
The Mutie spiritual leader, Uncle Lazarus, puts Kenner in charge and reveals that he is part of an unfolding prophesy. Later, Uncle Lazarus kills himself. Initially, Kenner is reluctant about his new role but soon adapts to it.
The Bishop calls the bandit patrol over on one of the vehicles' radio and Kenner answers back, pretending to be a bandit. He then decides to take the hijacked convoy to the Colosseum disguised as a patrol. Later, Kenner and Grace talk about the world Kenner comes from and the two make love.
The band of Muties arrive at the Colosseum, but Elijah runs screaming out of the convoy and is shot. A firefight errupts between the Muties and the bandits. Kenner finds Sheila along with other prisoners, and then searches for the Bishop. Kenner and the Muties are ambushed by the bandits. They finally corner Bishop and discover he is actually a Mutie himself. During this confrontation, the Bishop escapes.
In the end, Kenner writes back to his employers stating the conditions in Oblivion are too radioactive to mine, so they would have to buy the zirconium from the resident Muties. Grace tells Kenner she does not feel at home in the city, and Kenner agrees. The film ends with them driving back into Oblivion.
VHS release.
The VHS was released on December 17, 1992 by New Horizons Home Video.

</doc>
<doc id="18597767" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18597767" title="Oliver Gagliani">
Oliver Gagliani

Oliver Gagliani ( 1917 – 2002) was an American photographer, a master of large format photography, darkroom technique, and the Zone System.
Upon seeing a retrospective of Paul Strand's work in 1945 at the San Francisco Museum of Art, he was convinced that photography could be considered fine art. Mostly self-taught, he is best known for his beautiful and haunting black-and-white photographs of ghost towns of the southwest.
Born in Placerville, California, Oliver studied under and worked with some of the greatest photographers of the 20th century including, Ansel Adams, Minor White, Paul Caponigro, Cole Weston, Paul Strand, Ruth Bernhard. and many others. He loved sharing his knowledge and in his later years conducted photographic workshops in Virginia City, Nevada.

</doc>
<doc id="18597769" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18597769" title="Old-Timey Concert">
Old-Timey Concert

Old-Timey Concert is the title of a live recording by American folk music artist Doc Watson, Clint Howard, and Fred Price. Originally a "Double LP", now one CD with four tracks omitted: Tracks 8, 15, 16 and 19.
Personnel.
Production notes

</doc>
<doc id="18597774" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18597774" title="Badminton at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Mixed doubles">
Badminton at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Mixed doubles

These are the results of the mixed doubles competition in badminton at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing.
The tournament consisted of a single-elimination tournament. Matches were played using a best-of-three games format. Games were played to 21 points, using rally scoring. Each game had to be won by a margin of two points, except when the game was won by a player who reached 30 even if the lead was only 1 at that point. 
The top four seeds in the tournament were placed in the bracket so as not to face each other until the semifinals. All other competitors were placed by draw.

</doc>
<doc id="18597778" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18597778" title="Capt. William Hallett House">
Capt. William Hallett House

Capt. William Hallett House is a historic house at 570 Main Street in 
Barnstable, Massachusetts, USA.
The house was built in 1800 and added to the National Register of Historic Places on September 18, 1987.

</doc>
<doc id="18597783" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18597783" title="Trogglodynamite">
Trogglodynamite

Trogglodynamite is the second album by the English rock band The Troggs, released in 1967. The album was re-released in 2003 with eight bonus tracks by Repertoire Records.

</doc>
<doc id="18597790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18597790" title="Slew (spacecraft)">
Slew (spacecraft)

Slew and slewing are a terms which can refer to a spacecraft's orientation or movement in reference to a plane or fixed position such as Earth, the Sun, another celestial body or other point in space.
During space flight, a craft's attitude must be controlled for reasons dependant upon the craft's mission. Keeping a spacecraft slewed properly is vital toward ensuring that its high-gain antenna remains oriented toward Earth for sending and receiving data and commands. Additionally with many craft, keeping their solar arrays angled toward the Sun optimizes their power absorption and reduces the craft's reliance on internal power systems. Thermal heating and cooling of a craft and its subsystems can also be controlled by the craft's orientation. Cameras or other sensing equipment that are fixed into position upon the craft need to be aimed by slewing the craft. A spacecraft can either be spin stabilized or 3-axis stabilized to maintain proper orientation.
For spin-stabilized spacecraft, slewing is accomplished by applying a (significant) torque to the spacecraft, in general by operating a thruster in synchronous or asynchronous direction to its spin to adjust its spin rate. This results in a precession and slews for this kind of spacecraft are therefore also called "precession manoeuvre."
The slew of 3-axis stabilized spacecraft is typically in closed loop control with thrusters or electrically-powered reaction wheels maintaining or altering the craft's attitude based on sensor measurements. A typical example is a space telescope that should be turned to observe a new celestial object. But also for 3-axis stabilized spacecraft for which the normal attitude is not inertially fixed the spacecraft is said to make a slew if the attitude is changed in another way and with another, mostly higher, rate then when in the basic attitude control mode. An example is the Magellan probe that once per orbit interrupted the scanning of the Venus surface making a large turn to direct its high gain antenna to the Earth for data transmission.

</doc>
<doc id="18597793" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18597793" title="Élisabeth Lochen">
Élisabeth Lochen

Élisabeth Löchen is a French sound engineer and filmmaker, and co-creator of the L.C. Concept ("Löchen-Chedville Concept") the French predecessor of the Digital Theater System.
Sound system.
In 1990, she implemented the L.C. Concept, the earliest in-theater digital sound system. L.C.Concept was first demonstrated in 1991 with an experimental re-release of the film "Cyrano de Bergerac", directed by Jean-Paul Rappeneau. The first commercial release was done in late 1991 with the movie "Until the End of the World", directed by Wim Wenders. Elisabeth Löchen worked on more than 30 films featuring a L.C.Concept soundtrack, including "Basic Instinct", "Cliffhanger", "Silent Tongue", "Heaven & Earth", "The Lover", "Arizona Dream", and "Bitter Moon".
Nowadays, the L.C. Concept is known worldwide as DTS (Digital Theater System).
In 1996 she moved to Los Angeles and bounced between two continents, consulting for digital sound companies, including DTS. She wrote her first scripts.
Films.
In 1999, Lochen wrote, produced and directed her award-winning short "Red Ribbon" This short was released theatrically in Los Angeles, Orange County and Palm Springs. It was also screened before "Beyond the Clouds" directed by Michelangelo Antonioni and sold in Europe and Japan [http://www.shortshorts.org/2000/english/interview/int_1.html.
In 1999, Elisabeth Löchen was invited as an American film director in France for the Deauville US Films Festival [http://us.cinemotions.com/modules/Festivals/Festival_detail/Deauville/1999/36/1/enbref].
While travelling a lot with “Red Ribbon” she produced and directed shorts and documentaries until 2004 when she was hired by Front Porch Films to direct her first US feature, “Dirt People” with David Paetkau, James Farentino, and Briana Lynn Brown [http://www.imdb.com/name/nm0113158/].
In 2006 she wrote and directed “Christian” her first French feature [http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0770173/ with Annie Girardot, Yvon Martin, Charles Nemes Patrick Béthune, and Christian Morin [http://www.imdb.com/name/nm0605510/. This "American awards winner" French movie (Best Director and Best Foreign movie) was premiered on the Champs Elysées. It was released theatrically in France in November 2007 only with D-copies. [http://www.allocine.fr/film/fichefilm_gen_cfilm=111520.html].

</doc>
<doc id="18597795" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18597795" title="Building at 614 Main Street">
Building at 614 Main Street

Building at 614 Main Street is a historic building at 614 Main Street in 
Barnstable, Massachusetts.
The building was constructed in 1910 and added to the National Historic Register in 1987.

</doc>
<doc id="18597799" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18597799" title="The Orange and Blue">
The Orange and Blue

"The Orange and Blue" is the traditional fight song of the Florida Gators intercollegiate sports teams of the University of Florida in Gainesville, Florida.
History of the lyrics and score.
The author of the lyrics and original music of "The Orange and Blue" is uncertain, but published examples of the University of Florida's songs and yells which include the lyrics date to at least the 1916–1917 school year. Sheet music for the song was published in 1925 which listed George Hamilton as the author. Thornton W. Allen, a prolific compiler, composer and arranger of American university alma maters and college football fight songs, arranged a version of the musical score in 1935, with "Words by George Hamilton." The present music for the song, as played at University of Florida events, was arranged by the university's former director of bands, Richard W. Bowles, in 1964. Bowles served as the assistant university band director from 1958 to 1961, the director from 1961 to 1975, and continued to teach at the university until his retirement in 1985.
While "The Orange and Blue" is often played during football and basketball games and other Florida Gators athletic contests to rally fans and show support for the university's athletic teams, The Pride of the Sunshine marching band and the university's other pep bands rarely play any part of the song other than the chorus.
Lyrics.
"On, brave old Flor-i-da, just keep on marching on your way!"<br>
"On, brave old Flor-i-da, and we will cheer you on your play! Rah! Rah! Rah!"<br>
"And as you march a-long, we'll sing our victory song anew,"<br>
"With all your might, Go on and Fight, Gators!"<br>
"Fight for Dixie's rightly proud of you."<br>
<br>
(Chorus)<br>
"So give a cheer for the Orange and Blue, Waving for-ev-er,"<br>
"Forever pride of old Flor-i-da, May she droop nev-er"<br>
"We'll sing a song for the flag to-day, Cheer for the team at play!"<br>
"On to the goal we'll fight our way for Flor-i-da."

</doc>
<doc id="18597811" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18597811" title="Capt. Allen H. Bearse House">
Capt. Allen H. Bearse House

Capt. Allen H. Bearse House is a historic house at 48 Camp Street in 
Barnstable, Massachusetts.
The house was built in 1857 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1987.

</doc>
<doc id="18597827" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18597827" title="Gyullidzha">
Gyullidzha

Gyullidzha or Gyullija or Gyulyudzha may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18597842" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18597842" title="Tom Green">
Tom Green

Michael Thomas "Tom" Green (born July 30, 1971) is a Canadian actor, writer, comedian, producer, director, talk show host, and media personality. Best known for his shock humour brand of comedy, Green found mainstream prominence via his MTV television show "The Tom Green Show". Green was also in the public eye for his short-lived marriage to actress Drew Barrymore, and for his roles in such films as "Freddy Got Fingered", "Road Trip", "Stealing Harvard" and "Charlie's Angels". Green is also a testicular cancer survivor.
In June 2003, Green served as a guest-host on "Late Show with David Letterman" which led to him hosting his own late-night talk show on MTV entitled "The New Tom Green Show". From 2006–2011, he hosted his internet talk show "Tom Green's House Tonight" from his living room and, as of January 2010, has started performing stand-up comedy. As of October 2013, Green is the host of the live weekly talk-show "Tom Green Live" on AXS TV.
Early life.
Green was born in Pembroke, Ontario, Canada, the first of two sons of Mary Jane, a communications consultant, and Richard Green, a computer systems analyst and retired army captain. He grew up on a Canadian Army base near Pembroke, Ontario and later lived in Gloucester, Ontario (now part of the City of Ottawa) where he attended Henry Munro Middle School, Colonel By Secondary School and Cairine Wilson Secondary School. Green studied television broadcasting at Algonquin College and graduated in 1994.
Early work (1986–1999).
Stand-up comedy.
At age 15, Green started performing stand-up comedy at local clubs, most notably at Yuk Yuk's comedy club, and went on to do this for two and a half years until he canceled a booking to go to New York for his rap group.
Radio.
While attending Algonquin College as a member of the Sigma Pi Fraternity, Green hosted an overnight call-in show on the University of Ottawa's campus radio station, CHUO. The 1990 show, originally a rap music show entitled "The Rap Show", was followed by an electronic music show hosted by Glenn Humplik. Through the proximity of their shows, Tom and Glenn met and became friends, based on a common love of zany antics. Tom's radio show soon shifted formats to a call-in show (upon the discovery of how to operate the studio's call-in lines) and the two joined forces to host "The Midnight Caller Show" (which lasted from 1993 to 1996). The basic format of The Midnight Caller was to have listeners call-in with Tom and Glenn making fun of them (or "razzing" them) and soon after hanging-up on them. The show's novelty and originality made it an underground hit in the Ottawa area.
Rapper.
In the early 1990s, Green had a short-lived career as a rapper in a group called Organized Rhyme under the alias "MC Bones". His fellow MCs include "Pin the Chameleon". The single "Check The O.R." was nominated for a Juno Award in 1993 for Best Rap Recording and won the MuchVibe Best Rap Video award in 1992.
In 1998, "Not The Green Tom Show" was released by Green's alter-ego MC Face. The theme of the album revolves around MC Face, a pugnacious and foul-mouthed rapper who is constantly angry with and taking verbal jabs at Tom Green, his square producer who brings on some of his buddies from "The Tom Green Show".
"The Tom Green Show".
Green soon had his own non-paid television show on public-access television on cable TV. The first incarnation of "The Tom Green Show" aired from September 1994 until 1996 as a one-hour no commercial public cable access program on Rogers Television 22 in the Ottawa region airing 50 episodes in two seasons. "The Tom Green Show" was a variety show format, where he would have guests visit the studio and bands play before a live audience. He also had taped segments that typically consisted of stunts played by Green on unsuspecting people. A number of them involved Green's parents, Richard and Mary Jane, who consistently appeared unamused and occasionally angered by Tom's antics.
In October 1996, "The Tom Green Show" aired one time as a pilot on CBC. The show was later picked up in Canada by The Comedy Network in 1997 and aired 26 episodes over the course of two seasons.
Rise to mainstream (1999–2003).
MTV and "The Tom Green Show".
"The Tom Green Show" was then picked up by MTV in January 1999, where he gained popularity in the United States and worldwide. The format of the MTV version of the show was similar to his original show; it was hosted by Green and co-hosted by two of his long-time friends, Glenn Humplik, who occupied the couch, and Phil Giroux, who sat behind a window at the back of the set and became known as "the guy in the window" usually drinking cups of coffee. Derek Harvie, who co-wrote the show with Green, occasionally appeared in the segments. Many of the sketches were targeted at his parents, both of whom appear to be unimpressed and embarrassed by their son's antics.
"The Tom Green Show" was renowned for Green's version of shock humour. Some of Green's most notable skits include pretending to "hump" a dead moose (which was referenced by rapper Eminem in "The Real Slim Shady"), having an X-rated lesbian scene painted on his father's car (labeled the "Slut Mobile"), drinking milk by sucking on a cow's teat, and putting a cow head in his parents' bed while they slept because his father was a fan of "The Godfather" films. Green also hung his own unauthorized piece of art in the National Gallery of Canada (which remained untouched for days) with the added twist of later coming back and vandalizing it to the horror of onlooking patrons.
In a segment, Green went to the press conference of "Grey Owl" where he serenaded and kissed Pierce Brosnan. Brosnan, thinking Green was a journalist, advised him not to give up his day job. Green also did many segments humiliating his co-host and longtime friend Glenn Humplik; even after the pair had become well-known, Humplik continued working at his phone company job, fearing that his entertainment career might not last. Green teased him about this often and once gave out Humplik's office phone number on the air.
Green eventually wrote a song called "Lonely Swedish (The Bum Bum Song)", which he composed during MTV's Spring Break while doing a show on a cruise ship. After airing the music video on his show and appealing to his audience to request it, the song became an instant number one hit on "Total Request Live" and was also referred to in Eminem's song "The Real Slim Shady". He quickly called for the video to be retired because "it's not fair to 98 Degrees." Later, in his autobiography, he revealed that MTV had pressured him to do so in order to maintain the image that "Total Request Live" was, in fact, a live request show (the next week's episodes had been pre-taped on location, and the producers of the show were completely unaware of "The Bum Bum Song" at the time).
Green's increasing fame made it harder for him to ambush people during man-on-the-street segments, leading him to target mostly senior citizens and non-English speakers. After he was diagnosed with testicular cancer in March 2000, he stopped production on his TV show, but he continued to appear on the channel via reruns and other promotional materials. Green's popularity during this time led to him gracing the cover of the June 8, 2000 issue of "Rolling Stone" magazine.
The MTV show "Jackass" debuted almost after "The Tom Green Show" was on hiatus. Many of the segments on the show had close similarities to the segments from Green's show such as Bam Margera waking up his parents, the cast of "Jackass" falling down from crutches, swimming with sharks and more.
Testicular cancer and hiatus from MTV.
In early 2000, Tom Green was diagnosed with, and successfully treated for testicular cancer. Green wrote, directed and starred in a one-hour MTV television special entitled "The Tom Green Cancer Special" (aired on May 23, 2000) which documented the time leading up to his surgery and also included graphic footage of his own surgery. The episode received wide critical acclaim for revealing a vulnerable, human side of an otherwise juvenile television personality. During this time, he started the "Tom Green's Nuts Cancer Fund" to raise money for cancer research. In mid-2000, Green also spoke in front of thousands of students in the University of Florida and sang a song entitled "Feel Your Balls" to help educate others about testicular cancer.
Although it was Green's cancer that caused "The Tom Green Show" to cease production, a frequent rumor says that the show was cancelled because of an alleged segment where Green shows up at a bar mitzvah, or another Jewish event, dressed as Adolf Hitler. Green, however, has repeatedly denied that such a segment exists, and there is no evidence to suggest that such an event occurred. He mentions the rumor in his 2004 autobiography, "Hollywood Causes Cancer", stating that it apparently started when some Boston teenagers were caught videotaping themselves performing a similar stunt and when asked by security, they used the name "Tom Green." Green says, "I would never do a mean-spirited, anti-Semitic joke like that - it's both abhorrent and not funny. To this day I still get asked about it, and it's annoying. So again, for the record, it didn't happen. There is nobody on this planet that has ever seen this bit on tape because it does not exist. If it did exist, it would have certainly reared its ugly, hateful head on the Internet by now. But it won't, because it doesn't exist. I've never put on a Hitler costume. In fact, I've never even been to a Bar Mitzvah."
Film career.
Green's fame soon netted him roles in several Hollywood movies, including "Road Trip", "Charlie's Angels", "Freddy Got Fingered" (which he also wrote and directed), and "Stealing Harvard." Green continued the trend of his brand of comedy in "Road Trip" in a notable scene where he put a mouse in his mouth.
"Freddy Got Fingered" won in five categories at the 2001 Golden Raspberry Awards, given to the worst movies of the year. Green appeared at the ceremony to accept his awards, making him the first performer to do so in the award's twenty-year history, and the second recipient to do so following director Paul Verhoeven for "Showgirls" in 1995. Green arrived at the awards ceremony in a white Cadillac, wearing a tuxedo and rolled out his own red carpet. After accepting the awards, Green stated "When we set out to make this film we wanted to win a Razzie, so this is a dream come true for me". While onstage, he began to play the harmonica and did not stop until he was dragged off.
Marriage to Drew Barrymore and "Saturday Night Live".
In July 2000, Tom Green became engaged to actress Drew Barrymore. Green and Barrymore met after Barrymore, who was a fan of Green's show, asked Green to appear in "Charlie's Angels", which Barrymore starred in and produced. Green and Barrymore married on July 7, 2001. In Green's book "Hollywood Causes Cancer", he writes "We and Tom lived together for a year before we were engaged, and we were engaged for a year before we got married". Barrymore also appeared in her then-fiance's infamous 2001 film "Freddy Got Fingered".
During the build up to their wedding Green and Barrymore frequently joked with the media about when and where they were going to wed. The most notable incident came on November 18, 2000, when Green hosted the American television show "Saturday Night Live". During the monologue, Green brought Barrymore on stage and teased the audience about the couple marrying at the end of the episode. Ultimately, the stage was set for a wedding before Barrymore, in the end, got "cold feet" and left Green alone to end the show. The SNL incident initially left viewers and the media confused about whether the couple had actually planned to marry on live TV, or were simply staging a publicity stunt. Eventually, Green also went on "The Tonight Show with Jay Leno" to toy with the public once again, this time claiming that his bride might be pregnant.
On February 18, 2001, there was a house fire at the residence shared by Green and Barrymore. Their dog Flossie woke them around 3:30 a.m. when she barked and "literally banged on their bedroom door." Firefighters estimated damage at $700,000 in the two-story, 3,500 square foot (325 m2) home located north of Beverly Hills at 9500 Cherokee Lane. The incident was soon spoofed on "Saturday Night Live" with guest host Katie Holmes playing Drew Barrymore and Jimmy Fallon playing Tom Green. On October 13, 2001, Barrymore hosted "Saturday Night Live" and Tom Green appeared in the audience wearing a gas mask.
Barrymore and Green filed for divorce on December 17, 2001, citing irreconcilable differences. Their divorce became official on October 15, 2002.
Return to MTV and "The New Tom Green Show".
In 2002, Green starred in and directed a one-hour MTV special called "The Tom Green Subway Monkey Hour", where he tormented strangers in Japan. During 2002, Green also started his own production company called "Bob Green Films"; he starred in and was executive producer for a half-hour special entitled "The Skateboard Show" on The WB.
In mid-2003, after Green guest-hosted "The Late Show with David Letterman", MTV gave him his own late-night talk show called "The New Tom Green Show". The critically acclaimed show lasted several months and the show consisted of a traditional monologue, segments, followed by interviews with guests. Green in numerous interviews has stated that David Letterman was one of his early influences.
A notable incident included Jesse James Dupree, the frontman of the Southern rock band Jackyl, when he made the ill-advised decision to take a chainsaw to Green's new desk on the show. The unplanned stunt clearly irritated Green and he made no attempt to hide his displeasure. He eventually began his planned musical performance (himself on drums and Dupree on guitar) but continued to verbally spar with Dupree for a short period before abandoning the drums mid-song in apparent disgust and walking off stage. Later on in the evening, he again insulted the band by holding up Jackyl's most recent album and advising viewers to "check it out if you like music that was cool fifteen years ago" and then proceeded to smash it with a hammer.
In September 2003, the show was cancelled by MTV eleven weeks after its premiere due to the show not being able to sustain its ratings. Reports indicate that ratings and viewers for the show averaged 889,000 viewers on the first week and then averaged 255,000 viewers on the last week for the reruns. In Green's book "Hollywood Causes Cancer", he stated that the show, "was very expensive to produce and not really the type of show that MTV has been traditionally known for."
Post-MTV (2004–present).
Autobiography.
On October 12, 2004, Green released his autobiography "Hollywood Causes Cancer: The Tom Green Story" which discussed in detail his Hollywood career, short-lived marriage to Drew Barrymore, and his experience dealing with testicular cancer.
A notable incident discussed in the book involved Green on character-based talk show "Primetime Glick" with Jiminy Glick (played by Martin Short). Green wrote that this un-aired interview was the first time he walked off any show, and this was due in part to Short being "mean" and making fun of his testicle. When Short brought up the incident in a 2005 interview, Green defended his stance on his online blog.
Rap career.
In 2005, Green returned to rap and started the group, "The Keepin' it Real Crew", featuring DJ EZ Mike of the Dust Brothers, where they did two Canadian live tours (June 2005 and January 2006). On December 6, 2005, Green released his second solo album in Canada entitled "Prepare For Impact", which included a bonus DVD featuring footage from his live tour. The album was also co-produced by Mike Simpson of the Dust Brothers. The album included comedic tracks (such as "My Bum Is On Ya Lips" and "I'm an Idiot") as well as serious tracks where he rapped about his Hollywood career.
He has performed with Too Short, Flava Flav, Grand Buffet, Mickey Avalon, People Under The Stairs, Xzibit, and other popular rap artists on his "Tom Green Live" show. In January 2008, a second solo rap album titled "Basement Jams" was released in download-only format on his website.
In March 2009, on "Last Call with Carson Daly", Tom played a sample of his new song "It's Been A Long Time Coming." On his website, Green has stated intentions of releasing a new rap album in 2010 and talks about working with music producer Detail. In a February 2010 interview, Green mentioned an upcoming song entitled "Other Side Of The World" and stated that he was developing a television show following the progress of his first major American rap album. On a November 2010 answer to a fan question in the Forum section of tomgreen.com, Green said, "Expect some singles in the future. The album is dead, sadly."
In July 2011, Green recorded and posted a 2011 remix of "Check The O.R." and re-united Organized Rhyme at the Just For Laughs festival in Montreal. In October 2011, The Comedy Network's website posted the group's new music video: "Check The O.R. Redux".
More mainstream.
In recent years, Green has tried to put some of his more controversial material behind him and become a more mainstream entertainer. During the Leno era of The Tonight Show, Green was a recurring contributor to "The Tonight Show with Jay Leno"; he has done many segments where he travels across America looking for "interesting people", typically bringing the most colourful person with him back to the studio. In these segments, the focus is more on the odd behavior of the interviewees, with Green generally playing the straight man.
In 2003, Green visited troops in Kosovo on a USO tour. He visited troops in the Persian Gulf on a 2004 tour. In early 2006, Green appeared in several commercials for the Canadian Cable Public Affairs Channel promoting both "The Channel" and encouraging voters to participate in the forthcoming federal elections, which took place on January 23, 2006.
On August 3, 2006, Green appeared on "America's Got Talent". He rode a skateboard through a flaming hoop, appeared to be on fire for a few seconds, and was put out with extinguishers. It was confirmed on the August 3 episode of "Tom Green Live" that it was a stunt man, not Green, that did the stunt.
Green has hosted a variety of special events, including the 2005 Canada's Walk of Fame induction ceremony, the Canadian Live 8 concert, and the 2005 CASBY Awards. In November 2008, Green hosted an environmental game show on the Discovery Planet Green television network titled "Go For The Green!".
Green has made several appearances as a celebrity contestant on the ABC reality game show "Wanna Bet?", including the show's premiere episode in July 2008. He was also a contestant on the 2009 season of "The Celebrity Apprentice". Throughout the season, each celebrity raised money for a charity of their choice; Green selected the "Butch Walts and Donald Skinner Urologic Cancer Research Foundation." He was fired by Donald Trump on the third episode, while acting as project manager, primarily due to waking up late on the day of the task - he had been out drinking with Dennis Rodman the night before. On August 4, 2009, Green made an appearance on the American version of "Hell's Kitchen" as a celebrity guest diner. In late 2009 and early 2010, he appeared on the first two seasons of "For the Love of Ray J" to judge the contestants on the show. On that show, Green has been credited for coining the popular catchphrase, "She smashed the homie."
In July 2011, Green received mainstream attention from CNN and various sources for his claims that he invented planking in 1994. Green also writes columns for The Huffington Post.
In 2013, Green released a milk stout beer by Beau's All Natural Brewing Company called "The Tom Green Beer".
Return to film and television.
In 2005, he starred in a children's TV movie, "Bob the Butler", and made guest appearances on various kid's shows. Since then, Green has been starring in low-profile independent films such as the 2008 movies "Shred" and "Freezer Burn: The Invasion of Laxdale", and the 2009 movie "Shred 2".
In February 2010, Green announced that he had finished editing an independent film titled "Prankstar", which he also starred in, wrote and directed. On a November 2010 answer to a fan question in the Forum section of tomgreen.com, Green stated that the film was going to be released soon as he had "just made a deal with a big time distributer so it's gonna be cool."
Green was on the March 21, 2013 episode of "Workaholics" and the March 25, 2013 episode of Canadian television series "Seed". He will also be in the 2013 "" movie entitled "Swearnet". Green has also made many appearances on the Canadian revival of the game show, Match Game.
Long-format interviewer (2006-present).
Since launching his web show in 2006, Green has conducted long-format interviews with hundreds of guests; and has since then, taken various podcasting projects and re-launched his live show on television in 2013 using the same interview format. In an October 2013 interview, Green stated that he preferred "great interviewers who know when to sit back and listen" rather than being an interviewer that "wanted to be as funny as the guest and...get into a sort of competitive relationship with them".
"Tomgreen.com: The Channel" (2006–2011).
On June 5, 2006, ManiaTV.com announced they had formed a partnership with Green to host a live talk show from his own living room in the Hollywood Hills overlooking the San Fernando Valley. The first show aired live on June 15, 2006 at 11 pm EST, was originally called "Tom Green Live!", and was airing Mondays through Thursdays. In January 2008, shortly after Green's split from ManiaTV, the show was renamed "Tom Green's House Tonight". The shows are broadcast live at TomGreen.com. A pared-down version was later broadcast on The Comedy Network and various local channels in the United States, until Green stopped syndicating the show to television. On a 2009 blog, Green noted that he stopped his show from syndication on television due to dissatisfaction with his lack of creative control. He continues to broadcast the show from his website. Green later started a monthly subscription service that allowed subscribers to have full access to all the videos on his website.
Due to lack of an established term, Green often refers to his live streaming broadcast as "Web-o-Vision." He also jokingly says he is broadcasting to "The National Internet", despite the show having a worldwide audience. Green often refers to his show as, "The highest rated, longest running, and only talk show on the Internet."
From Green's website, "Tom Green's House Tonight" typically aired live on weeknights at 10 pm EST, although shows can begin at any time during the day and night. The shows were then archived on his website. The format of the show often includes Green taking live telephone calls and Skype video calls where viewers around the world are able to chat with Green and his guests. Green would often be a victim of prank calls due to the live nature of the show and would sometimes voice his frustration with the callers. On top of the live web show, Green has added many video segments from his past as well as present.
In 2007, "Tom Green Live" won the 2007 TV Guide "Online Video Award" for Best Web Talk Show. In 2008, "Tom Green's House Tonight" won a 2007 Webby Award for "Best Variety Show".
As host of the show, Green often plays the straight man while interviewing guests. There have been hundreds of shows with many notable guests including stars such as Adam Carolla, Val Kilmer, Thora Birch, Pamela Anderson, hip-hop artists Blackalicious and Xzibit, skateboarder Tony Hawk, former "TRL" host and talk show host Carson Daly, guitarist Dave Navarro, actor Crispin Glover, Digg.com founder Kevin Rose, comedic musician "Weird Al" Yankovic, as well as comedians Neil Hamburger, Andrew Dice Clay, Joe Rogan, and Andy Dick. The longest standard format show, in which Green interviewed Steve-O, ran for 3.5 hours and ended with Green drunk and Steve-O heavily intoxicated.
When Green does not have guests, he has done many unconventional shows such as playing the saxophone for an hour, having a week dedicated to performing karaoke, or updating the viewers about "The Channel" while taking telephone and Skype calls.
On his website, Green has talked about the substantial costs of continuing the online show and that "The Channel" may be gone in mid-2011 if it is not profitable by then. In 2011, Green ended the subscription service on his website and stated that his live show is on hiatus. Green also took down the TV studio that was in his living room.
Tom Green Live at The SModcastle (2010).
From October - December 2010, Green did seven weekly podcasts interviewing guests at Kevin Smith's SModcastle. This was done in a long format interview style in a theater that held an audience of 50 people.
Tom Green Radio (2013-present).
In January 2013, Green started doing an audio podcast entitled "Tom Green Radio" for his website and downloadable on iTunes and tomgreen.com. Guests have included Bryan Callen, Steve-O, Kat Von D, Neil Hamburger, and deadmau5.
Tom Green Live on AXS TV (2013-present).
On September 25, 2013, it was announced that Green will be hosting a new live weekly talk-show entitled "Tom Green Live" on AXS TV starting October 3, 2013. The show is similar to his web show where there is a featured guest and a long format one-hour discussion; additionally, fans can call in from Skype. Scheduled guests have included Richard Belzer, Howie Mandel, and Tony Hawk. Season 2 debuted on January 9, 2014.
Stand-up comedy (2010–present).
On numerous interviews, Green has stated that he started doing stand-up comedy at the age of 15 but stopped after he started his public-access television show. Green said that going back to stand-up comedy was something he always wanted to do.
In September 2009, Green performed several stand-up comedy shows in Los Angeles, and later appeared at a MySpace secret stand-up event in New York. On November 10, 2009, he announced his first ever world stand-up comedy tour and as of January 2010, has been touring the world going to countries such as Canada, the United States, England, Scotland, and Australia.
The format of Green's act is traditional stand-up comedy which in 2010 has included rap performances. He voices his thoughts on social media, technology, his career in show business, oppression, and social political commentary on society. He often takes time to meet with people in the audience afterwards.
In October 2010, he performed in Belleville, Ontario at the Empire Theatre with his parents and brother in attendance. Green dressed in a Belleville Bulls Jersey donated by a local movie studio he had visited earlier that day. He discussed the city's recent ordeal involving the sentencing of disgraced CFB Trenton Base Commander Russell Williams, stating that he hoped Williams "was having an awesome weekend".
On August 13, 2010, after being invited, Green performed stand-up comedy at the Gathering of the Juggalos. He was later involved in attempting to calm the audience down after Tila Tequila had rocks, excrement and urine thrown at her during her performance at the same event. In subsequent interviews, Green said he successfully calmed the audience down for ten minutes, but things got worse when he left the stage. Tequila continued performing for an additional twenty minutes and eventually suffered facial injuries after being struck in the face by a rock.
In an April 2013 interview on discussing his theories on his stand-up comedy, Green states:
Green's September 2011 stand-up performance in Boston aired on Showtime in August 2012; titled "Tom Green Live", it was released on iTunes, on Netflix and on DVD in March 2013. Green performed on "The Tonight Show with Jay Leno" on August 17, 2012.
Personal life.
Tom Green was married to actress Drew Barrymore from July 7, 2001 to October 15, 2002. Green filed for divorce in December 2001. In 2010 interviews, Green has stated that he has not seen Barrymore since the divorce.
He also had a guest board for the skateboard company Birdhouse.
In March 2006, Green broke two ribs in Costa Rica when a large wave swept him off of an outcrop where he had been fishing and onto rocks below. In 2009, as a contestant for The Celebrity Apprentice, Green played to benefit the "Butch Walts and Donald Skinner Urologic Cancer Research Foundation". On an episode of "Tom Green's House Tonight", he stated that he would not be alive today had it not been for Donald Skinner.
Tom Green resides in Los Angeles, California along with his two Siberian Huskies Annie and Steve (both female) and his Green-winged Macaw; Rex Murphy, named after the Canadian broadcaster.

</doc>
