<doc id="18621339" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18621339" title="Pig slaughter">
Pig slaughter

Pig slaughter is the work of slaughtering domestic pigs which is both a common economic activity as well as a traditional feast in some European countries.
Agriculture.
Pig slaughter is a necessary activity to obtain pig meat - pork. It regularly happens as part of traditional and intensive pig farming.
Pigs are slaughtered at different ages. Generally they can be divided into piglets, which are 1.5 to 3 months old; the fattening pigs, intended for pork and bacon, which are 4 months to one year old; and finally the older pigs, such as sows (female pigs) and boars (uncastrated male pigs). The meat obtained from piglets is subdivided into more meaty or more fatty, determined by the thickness of bacon. Male hogs are usually castrated a month before slaughter. Their meat quality is determined on the mass of halves and the thickness of bacon on the back.
Transport of pigs to slaughter and all the other procedures and circumstances leading up to the actual act of stunning and killing the pig are in modern times carefully arranged in order to avoid excessive suffering of animals, which both has a humane rationale as well as helping provide for a higher quality of meat.
Before slaughter, pigs are first rendered unconscious using one of the following means: stunning using electric current applied with electrodes, or stunning using captive bolt pistol, or inhalation of CO2. They are then hoisted on a rail, after which they are exsanguinated, usually via the carotid artery and the jugular vein. After the blood is gone, the carcass is drenched in hot water in a device called a pig scalder which helps in the removal of hair, which is subsequently completed by using scissor-like devices and then if necessary with a torch.
The pig is then eviscerated, the head is usually removed, and the body is cut into two halves. The remaining halves are washed to remove any remaining blood, bacteria or remains of bone, and then cooled down in order to help with the process of cutting and deboning.
In the European Union, the Regulation (EC) of the European Parliament and of the Council No. 852/2004, 853/2004 and 854/2004 cover various aspects of hygiene of foodstuffs that includes pig slaughter.
European tradition.
Pig slaughter is a tradition known in numerous European countries: Croatia ("see below"), Serbia ("see below"), Hungary ("disznóvágás"), Poland ("świniobicie"), the Czech Republic ("zabijačka"), Slovakia ("zabíjačka"), Greece, Italy ("maialata"), Moldova, Romania ("tăiatul porcului, Ignat"), Slovenia ("koline"), Portugal ("matança"), Spain ("matanza"), Ukraine and others.
The family hog pens have also existed in the United States on small family farms up to and including the early 1900s, but in modern times it's practically obsolete.
Traditional autumn activity.
The slaughter traditionally takes place in the autumn and early winter, and the timing has several practical considerations. It can start as soon as it gets cold, as the cold is required as a natural method of preserving the relatively large quantities of meat during the butchering. Yet, because people often do the work in the open, it is preferable that the temperatures aren't too much below freezing during this time, hence the slaughter rarely extends into winter.
Also, slaughter activities typically need to produce results before the Christmas season, to provide for the festive cuisine.
In the past, this was also the only time of the year when people could afford to eat larger amounts of meat. In modern times, almost any family in Europe that is so inclined can afford to slaughter, yet there is also an abundance of pre-processed meat in the shops, so the traditional method of slaughtering is becoming more and more of a folk custom rather than a necessity.
The slaughter requires numerous preparations, including troughs, large quantities of boiling water, large wooden barrels for storing meat, pots, sharp knives, and in modern times also artificial intestines (hoses for various sausages).
Historically, butchering was a trade passed from father to son. Today the initial slaughter is normally performed by a professional butcher. After that, the meat is butchered by laymen, and the process is accompanied by various local rituals.
Act of slaughter and the butchering of carcass.
Traditionally, the pig is slaughtered with a knife and then put in a wooden or a metal trough and showered with hot water to remove the hair. The pig is then removed from the trough and any remaining hair is removed with a knife or a razor, and then it is again washed with hot water.
Today, the animal is rendered unconscious by electrical or carbon dioxide stunning and then immediately bled by cutting the throat. For quality reasons, mechanical means of stunning such as a captive bolt pistol are not recommended.
Then, the pig's intestines are removed. These days, the pig can also be obtained as a half (Croatian: "polovica" or "polutka"), without intestines or blood.
In modern times, because of the danger of Trichinosis, people in some countries are required to have critical parts of the fresh meat tested by a veterinarian before any further contact with potentially infected meat.
Very sharp knives and a cleaver are required for butchering. The carcass is cut into hams, shoulders, bacon sides, pork bellys, ham hocks, loins, pork chops, and other cuts of lesser importance.
Processing of animal parts.
After it is cut into pieces, the meat from the animal is then processed further into edible products.
The buttocks are salted and pressed in order to eventually produce ham. The ribcage meat is salted and smoked in order to get bacon. Salt is rubbed thoroughly into each piece of meat and all surfaces are covered. Some formulas also include lots of black pepper.
The bulk of the meat is cut and ground to produce various sausages, which are traditionally wrapped into the intestines of various sizes.
The bulk of the fat is cut into small pieces. Some of it is fried to produce cracklings.
Lard is made by rendering - heating fragments of fat in a large iron pot over a fire until it is reduced to simmering grease which congeals when cooled. Lard is then stored in lard tins with tin covers. The typical tins in the US are five gallons.
The intestines are stripped by drawing them through a clenched fist. They are then washed, cut into short pieces, and fried to make chitlins.
The various "leftovers" are put into various forms of headcheese jelly, etc. Most parts of the pig are used in this traditional process, even parts of the skin that would normally be thrown away are preserved to be cooked with beans.
The smoke house is essential for the preservation and long term storage of hams, shoulders, bacon sides, and pork bellies. The meat is hung on racks and hooks in the smokehouse; and later smoked. Fragrant hardwood, such as hickory, beech, or cherry is allowed to smolder slowly in a pit below the hanging meat. This gives added flavor and color to the meat as well as serving to dry cure the pork.
Country-specific statistics and customs.
Croatia and Serbia.
The traditional pig slaughter in Croatia as well as the neighboring Serbia is a widespread practice that involves pig slaughtering, processing, and butchery of pig meat, and is observed by rural families, usually in late autumn. The tradition is variously called "kolinje", "prašćina", "svinjokolj", "svinjokolja" or "svinjokolje" or "posjek". The names literally mean "pig-slaughtering" ("svinja"=pig, n., "klanje"=slaughter, n.). It is a custom specific to the parts of the countries in the Pannonian plain.
After WWII, in Yugoslavia, a state holiday fell on November 29, with that and next day being non-working, so most slaughters were held on that occasion. In Croatian region Dalmatia, the pig-slaughter are traditionally done in period between Christmas and New Year's Eve.
The entire duration of the slaughter can be as long as three days. Because people were traditionally stocking up on supplies before winter, it became customary to slaughter more than one pig, which increased the amount of time necessary for the meat to be processed. Some families visit their relatives (often grandparents) and friends at that time of the year, in order to help. Also, little mechanization is used, with meat being cut manually. Any grinding is done with relatively small manually operated, mechanical grinding machines.
The traditionally produced ham ("šunka"), bacon ("slanina"), the sausages ("kobasica") such as blood sausage ("krvavica") and kulen are well known as delicacies. Some of them, notably kulen, are classified under the laws of protected designation of origin. The non-meat products such as cracklings ("čvarci") or švargl and hladetina are also respected as parts of traditional cuisine.
To complement the activities, rakija or wine is drunk by participants during the butchering.
The pig liver is customarily roasted the same day of the slaughter.
Men and women were traditionally assigned different jobs during the slaughter. It was commonly the men who were doing the actual slaughter, the larger part of butchering, and the grinding of meat. Because the society is traditionally patriarchal, the women were in charge of a relatively menial tasks, such as waiting and cooking for the whole crew throughout the event, keeping the environment clean (washing and scrubbing), as well as the emptying the pigs' bowels in order to make them suitable for holding sausage meat.
The standard of hygiene long recommended by veterinarians has included various requirements for the people, tools and space used in the process.
All people involved in the slaughter and butchering must be healthy, dressed with a hat, apron and boots, and clean hands. The tools (knives, axes, saws etc.) are sharpened, cleaned and disinfected before use, and they should be kept in a clean place throughout the process, preferably in a clean toolbox around the butcher's belt. The location of the killing needs to be a clean concrete surface with a sewer canal, meaning that the space can be easily cleaned. The trough used should have a zinced surface which is easy to clean and disinfect; the wooden troughs absorb water and microorganisms which makes them unsuitable.
The Croatian Ministry of Agriculture has published rules on sanitation requirements for animal slaughter since 1992, animal waste disposal rules since 2003, while regulations from 2005 also cover animal welfare in relation to slaughter. These rules track the relevant European Union regulation.
Croatian animal rights activists regard the traditional slaughtering process as cruel and outdated. They also question if European animal welfare and sanitary standards are really met, as there is not sufficient supervision available during the country-wide slaughter. Farmers are barely educated about the new standards they have to apply to, as this information is solely available through a website from the Ministry of Agriculture. 
The most vocal Croatian animal rights organization "Animal Friends Croatia" advocates banning the entire practice.
In the process of Croatia's entry into the EU, there were widespread fears that new legislation would make "svinjokolja" as such illegal, forcing all pig slaughter to be conducted in controlled, inspected facilities. The fears were unwarranted because new regulation focused on stopping distribution of unhealthy meat products on the open market, rather than the traditional process where meat is consumed within the same household.
Czech Republic.
In some countries traditional pig slaughter is a special event. Pig slaughter in the Czech Republic has usually taken place during the winter months, when low temperatures make it easier to store fresh meat and meat products. Preparations for the event extended over a number of days and involved a variety of ceremonies. The event itself was accompanied by the making of traditional dishes such as "jitrnice", "tlačenka" and "škvarky". After the slaughter, the young men of the village would visit neighbours and relatives bringing gifts of meat and fresh soup. The pig slaughter ended with what was called a "karmina", a special celebration held in the household where the slaughter had taken place. Invited guests, sometimes dressed in masks, would join in the feasting and drinking. In the past, the traditional pig slaughters usually ended on Ash Wednesday.
Traditional pig slaughters ("zabijačka") still (as of 2011) take place in public at Mardi Gras celebrations in many Czech towns and villages.
However the domestic pig slaughter is a disappearing tradition. During the communist era it was cheaper and people preferred to raise and slaughter pigs at home. Many Bohemian and Moravian villagers worked in the JZD (collective farms) and it was easier for them to obtain the foodstuffs needed to fatten a pig. Since then pig raising and slaughtering has become less common in Czech villages and towns. It is also subject to regulation by the European Union. In 2009 Jan Březina, Czech politician and MEP, commented that: "The discovery that in Romania the animals are not paralyzed before slaughter provoked a hysterical reaction on the part of the European institutions. The older member states have begun calling for more stringent European regulation. The result is a textbook example of pointless EU legislation destroying yet another aspect of national tradition."
The traditional domestic pig slaughter was a favourite theme of the renowned Czech painter Josef Lada. In the play "Prase" (The Pig, 1987), Václav Havel tries to buy a pig for a "zabijačka" by local villagers, with difficulty because as a dissident he is considered politically suspect. In 1968, Jiří Šebánek, a founder of the "Jára Cimrman Theatre", wrote the play "The Pig Slaughter at Home. Toilet Horror".
Slovakia.
In Slovakia, the pig slaughter ("zabíjačka", "zakáľačka", "bravčovina", "svinský kar", "karmina") was an essential part of the winter traditions from early medieval times. The pig slaughter was considered an important event in village society and an opportunity for families to get together. According to Katarína Nádaská of the Department of Ethnology and Cultural Anthropology at Comenius University in Bratislava, the traditional period for pig slaughters usually started on 21 December, the feast day of St. Thomas. There was a special magical importance attached to the date and farmers believed that the meat of a pig slaughtered on St. Thomas Day would last longer. A second traditional pig slaughtering period began around Mardi Gras.
In the past there were a number of traditional customs associated with the pig slaughter. After the slaughter, the girls of the household would collect the bones and scatter them around the yard for love magic purposes. They believed that when a dog snatched the first bone, the girl who had thrown the bone would be the first one to marry.

</doc>
<doc id="18621349" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18621349" title="Future Search">
Future Search

Future Search is the name for a 3-day planning meeting that enables people to cooperate in complex situations, including those of high conflict and uncertainty. The method typically involves groups of 40 to 80 people in one room and as many as 300 in parallel conferences. People from diverse backgrounds use Future Searches to make systemic improvements in their communities and organizations, working entirely from their own experience. It has been employed with most social, technological and economic issues in North and South America, Africa, Australia, Europe, India and South Asia. People achieve four outputs from one meeting--"shared values", "a plan for the future", "concrete goals", and "an implementation strategy".
Started by "Marvin Weisbord" and "Sandra Janoff", Future Search functions to help people collaborate despite differences of culture, class, gender, age, race, ethnicity, language, and education. The method has been employed in communities, schools, hospitals, churches, corporations, government agencies, foundations and NGO’s.
Future Search methods have been used to help: organize the demobilization child soldiers in Southern Sudan, develop an integrated economic development plan in Northern Ireland, work with a Hawaiian community to reconnect with traditional values, and determine the future of urban mobility in Salt Lake City, Utah, among many other examples.
Future Search Conference.
People follow a generic agenda, regardless of topic. It consists of 4 or 5 half day sessions on the Past, the Present, the Future, Common Ground, and Action Planning. The techniques used — time lines, a mind map, creative future scenarios, common ground dialogue — are all managed to support the principles. People need no special training, orientation, vocabulary, or background to participate. They work in small groups, make reports to the whole, and join in whole group dialogues on what they are learning.
Future Search managers practice a “hands-off” approach to facilitation, encouraging people to share information and draw their own conclusions. They rarely become involved except to help people clarify goals or to head off situations that might result in conflict or flight from their task.
There is a vast literature documenting successful Future Searches. There also have been notable failures that people need to be aware of. The most common causes of failure are:
Details of the method can be found in the book Future Search: An Action Guide to Finding Common Ground in Organizations and Communities, by Marvin Weisbord and Sandra Janoff, 2nd edition (Berrett-Koehler, 2000).
What is the Future Search Network (FSN)?
FSN is a voluntary, non-profit service network. It has 350 members on every continent who commit to serve society while cooperating and learning together. Their mission is making a more open, whole, and sustainable world. The members manage Future Searches in any language and culture for whatever people can afford. The network is open to everyone who agrees to serve and practice the method in the spirit of its principles.
There is no formal certification. FSN members maintain high standards through ongoing dialogue among themselves, research, and shared case studies on successes and failures. People receive training in public workshops held in various countries each year and by assisting experienced members. The global spread of Future Search is accounted in Chapters 16 and 17, Productive Workplaces Revisited: Dignity, Meaning and Community in the 21st Century, by Marvin Weisbord (Jossey-Bass/Wiley, 2004).
Formal Research Studies of Future Searches.
See a chapter prepared by Marvin Weisbord and Sandra Janoff for the Handbook for the Selection and Implementation of Human Performance Interventions, Ryan Watkins and Doug Leigh, Editors, to be published in 2009 by Jossey-Bass/Wiley and the International Society for Performance Improvement (ISPI).
References.
Additional Resources.
(1)http://www.futuresearch.net
(2)Holman, Peggy, Tom Devane & Steve Cady. The Change Handbook. San Francisco: Berrett-Koehler, 2007.
(3)Janoff, Sandra. “Preparing for the Future Begins with Today’s Youth – A Future Search with 50 teenagers in a rural county in SW Michigan, USA.” FutureSearching, Issue #27, Fall, 2003.
(4)Janoff, Sandra and Marvin Weisbord. “Three Perspectives on Future Search: Meeting Design, Theory of Facilitating, Global Change Strategy.” in Scandinavian Journal of Organizational Psychology, Volume 13, 2003.
(5)McDonald, Kathleen L. The Future Of School Counseling And Guidance In Washington State: A Future Search Conference. Ed.D. Dissertation, Seattle University, 1998.
(6)Polanyi, Michael F.D. “Communicative Action in Practice: Future Search and the Pursuit of an Open, Critical and Non-Coercive Large-Group Process.” Systems Research and Behavioral Science, 19, 357-366 (2002).
(7)Secor, Julianne H. Advancing Women As Leaders: An Intergenerational, Multicultural Future Search Conference For Activist Women. Ed.D. Dissertation, Seattle University, 1999.
(8)Starodub, Linda Ann Susan. Facilitating Whole-System Methods Across Cultures: A Case Study Of A Future Search Conference On The Future United Nations In Pakistan. Ph.D. Dissertation, The Union Institute, 2001.
(9)Weisbord, Marvin & Sandra Janoff. Future Search: An Action Guide to Finding Common Ground in Organizations and Communities. 2nd Edition. San Francisco: Berrett-Koehler, 2000.
(10)Weisbord, Marvin & Sandra Janoff. “Faster, Shorter, Cheaper May be Simple; It’s Never Easy.” The Journal of Applied Behavioral Science, Vol. 41, No. 1, 70-82, 2005.
(11)Wilcox, Gillian & Sandra Janoff. “’I Dream of Peace’ - A Future Search for the Children of Southern Sudan.” FutureSearching, Issue # 18, Spring, 2000

</doc>
<doc id="18621359" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18621359" title="Jay and Seth versus the Apocalypse">
Jay and Seth versus the Apocalypse

Jay and Seth versus the Apocalypse is a 2007 short comedy film written by Evan Goldberg and Jason Stone, and directed by Stone. The film, designed as a roughly one-and-a-half minute movie trailer for YouTube but conceived as a 9-minute short, stars actors Seth Rogen and Jay Baruchel. It was adapted into a feature film, "This Is the End", and was finally released in full on its full-length counterpart's Blu-ray release.
"Jay and Seth versus the Apocalypse" follows the two friends and actors who have shut themselves in their apartment and argue over their predicament during some unspecified end-of-the-world event.
Production.
Immediately after wrapping production on "Knocked Up", Stone and Goldberg worked to turn around the short's script in only three weeks. Principal photography lasted for two days in September 2006, with one day of pick-ups in January 2007. Rachel Robb Kondrath, who co-produced the short with Stone, was also the production designer, and the few visual effects were provided by The Orphanage under co-founder Scott Stewart. After the trailer they put up on YouTube in June 2007 got over 50,000 hits in the first two weeks, Stone and Goldberg began shopping the project around. "Variety" reports that several production companies vied for the rights for production.
In October 2011, it was announced that there would be a feature film adaptation of the trailer, titled "This Is the End". The film was released on June 12, 2013, and co-stars James Franco, Jonah Hill, Craig Robinson, and Danny McBride. The plot centers around this group, having been at a party at Franco's house when the apocalypse commences. Many celebrity cameos occur during the film, including Jason Segel, Emma Watson, Michael Cera, Rihanna, Aziz Ansari and Paul Rudd. On October 1, 2013, "Jay and Seth Versus the Apocalypse" was finally released in full as a Blu-ray exclusive feature on the home video release on "This Is the End".
Reception.
The clip on YouTube, which is the only publicly available footage from the film, bills itself as a trailer because when it was first posted, the filmmakers intended to publicly screen the short at festivals. However, when the film was picked up by Mandate, the short was shelved from festival consideration. This frustrated many fans, who expected to see a feature closer to the 2007 release of the trailer online. The trailer had over 200,000 views in its first 14 months.

</doc>
<doc id="18621361" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18621361" title="Vulcana-Pandele">
Vulcana-Pandele

Vulcana-Pandele is a commune in Romania. It is located in Dâmboviţa County. It is composed of four villages: Gura Vulcanei, Lăculeţe-Gară, Toculeşti and Vulcana-Pandele.

</doc>
<doc id="18621362" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18621362" title="Quietly">
Quietly

Quietly is the third studio album by the atmospheric sludge metal band Mouth of the Architect.
"Generation of Ghosts" features vocals by Julie Christmas (Battle of Mice, Made Out of Babies).

</doc>
<doc id="18621365" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18621365" title="Vlădeni, Dâmbovița">
Vlădeni, Dâmbovița

Vlădeni is a commune in Romania. It is located in Dâmboviţa County. It is composed of a single village, Vlădeni, part of Dărmăneşti Commune until 2003, when it was split off.

</doc>
<doc id="18621366" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18621366" title="Elektroprivreda Srbije">
Elektroprivreda Srbije

Elektroprivreda Srbije (EPS) is the state-owned electric utility power company in Serbia. EPS was founded in 1991 with its headquarters in Belgrade.
The company has an installed capacity of 8,379 MW and generates 38.9 TWh of electricity per year. Its installed capacity in lignite-fired thermal power plant is 5,171 MW, gas-fired and liquid fuel-fired combined heat and power plants is 353 MW, wind power is 20 MW (currently being expanded to produce a total of 320 MW), and hydro power plants is 2,835 MW.
EPS is also the largest producer of lignite in Serbia operating in the Kolubara and Kostolac basins, producing around 37 million tonnes per year.
In 2005, the electric power transmission division of EPS was split from the company and established as its own public enterprise, Elektromreža Srbije (EMS). Since 2007, EPS has prepared plans for the construction of new power plants and the expansion of existing plants to increase generating capacity and meet growing consumption demand. In 2011, company's total assets and the equity increased for nearly 100 percent.
According to the consolidated annual report in 2012, total assets of this company dropped from €12.049 billion to €9.446 billion, and the total company's equity dropped from €8.909 billion to €6.867 billion, with the negative net income of about 103.3 million euros.
EPS currently holds a monopoly on the electricity market in Serbia, however since January 1, 2013, the market has been open to other companies. The market is expected to be completely liberalized in the coming years.

</doc>
<doc id="18621375" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18621375" title="Răscăeți">
Răscăeți

Răscăeţi is a commune in Romania. It is located in Dâmboviţa County. It is composed of two villages, Răscăeţi and Vultureanca.

</doc>
<doc id="18621378" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18621378" title="San Rafael Reserve of Manageable Resources">
San Rafael Reserve of Manageable Resources

San Rafael Reserve of Manageable Resources is one of the most important reserves of natural resources in Paraguay.
Location.
It is located to the north of Itapúa department and to the south of Caazapá, about 450 kilometers from Asunción. It crosses the districts: Tabaí, San Juan Nepomuceno and Yuty, in Caazapá, and San Rafael del Paraná, Tomás Romero Pereira, Edelira, Itapua Poty, Alto Verá and San Pedro del Paraná, in Itapúa department.
In 1992 the place was designated a national park and in March 2002 it was elevated to the category of Reserve of Manageable Resources. It extends for 73,000 hectares and is part of the 15 ecological regions of the Bosque Atlántico del Alto Paraná (Atlantic Forest of Alto Paraná).
In San Rafael is the largest fresh water reserve: The Guaraní Aquifer.
Rivers and streams.
In the San Rafael Cordillera flow the rivers Tebicuary and Pirapó, which irrigate the agricultural areas. 
Many rivers and other water sources flow to the rivers: Paraguay and Paraná. The Tebicuary River is the most important tributary in the left margin of the Paraguay River, it flows from the Yvyturuzú Cordillera and crosses through Caaguazú and San Rafael; it extends for about 654 kilometers. A fire in this are in 2005-2006 affected 1,850 hectares.
Fauna.
Different animal species have been identified in the reserve: 52 species of fishes, 4 of reptiles, 61 of mammals and 500 of invertebrates.
The area is considered the “most important bird area” because 392 species of birds have been identified in the reserve, including the campana bird (bell bird, the national bird of Paraguay) and the chopí saiyú.
The park is also the only place in Paraguay where there have been sightings of the “morena” eagle or “harpía”, maracaná, red and blue parrot, yacutinga, yellow toucan and golden woodpecker, among others.
Among the mammals that live in the region are the puma (a endangered species), tapir and jaguar yvyguy, the only south-American canine animal that hunts in packs.
Flora.
322 different species of plants can be found in the park, 4.6% of the total Paraguayan flora and the 7.2% of the flora in the Oriental Region. There are a great variety of: lapacho, cedro, laurel, incenso and guajaivi. The national tree is the lapacho, which can reach more or less 30 meters and can have yellow or pink flowers. The incense with its yellow flowers spread a beautiful smell in the forest, as well as the ferns and orchids.
Population.
The reserve is inhabited by Guaraní native families of the Mbya ethnic group. They dedicate to fishing, hunting and agriculture, mostly; they grow corn, manioc, lentils, beans and sweet potato.
Environmental laws.
Paraguayan laws for the preservation of natural resources:
Law No. 352/94 "Protected Wild Areas"
Article No. 4.- A Protected Wild Area is every part of the national territory that is within well defined limits, of natural characteristics and resources that can be managed to guarantee the preservation and improvement of the natural environment. The Protected Wild Areas can be within national, departmental, municipal or private domain. The use of the resources and activities allowed in the area must be in compliance with this law and its dispositions.
Law No. 2524/04 "Prohibition in the Oriental Region of activities that would transform the forests"
Article No. 1.- The purpose of this law is to favor the protection, recuperation and improvement of the native forest in the Oriental Region. In this law, it will be understood as “Wild Life” the individuals, parts and products that belong to fauna and flora species that temporarily or permanently inhabit the national territory, including the ones managed by men.
Law No. 96/92 "Wild Life"
Article No. 1.- The Authority of Implementation will publish the list of species that would be excluded in the regulations of this law.
Article No. 2.- This law will understand as wild fauna all animals, vertebrates and invertebrates that in isolation on in joined way, temporarily or permanently, live in the national territory.
Article No. 3.- This law will understand as wild flora all the vegetables, superior or inferior, that temporarily or permanently grow in the national territory, in order for the forest to accomplish its environmental function contributing to the improvement of the quality of life of the Paraguayan citizens.

</doc>
<doc id="18621382" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18621382" title="Raciu">
Raciu

Raciu is a commune in Romania. It is located in Dâmboviţa County. It is composed of three villages: Raciu, Siliştea and Şuţa Seacă. These were part of Lucieni Commune from 1968 to 2004, when they were split off to re-establish a separate commune.

</doc>
<doc id="18621383" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18621383" title="Thomas J. Potter">
Thomas J. Potter

Thomas J. Potter (1840 – March 9, 1888) was vice-president and general manager of the Union Pacific Railroad. Charles Francis Adams, Jr.
requested that he accept this job in 1887.
Railroad career.
He began his career with the Burlington and Missouri River Railroad and was offered a better position in 1873 with the Chicago, Burlington and Quincy Railroad. With the latter firm he rose from assistant superintendent, to general manager, and then vice-president. Potter served successively as vice president of the St. Louis and Keokuk Railroad, the Chicago, Burlington and Kansas City Railroad, the Chicago and Iowa Railroad, the Hannibal and St. Joseph Railroad, and the Burlington and Missouri River Railroad.
Death.
He died an untimely death at the age of 48. His remains were transported west on the Pennsylvania Railroad after he died at Welcker's Hotel in Washington, D.C., in 1888.

</doc>
<doc id="18621386" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18621386" title="Pietrari, Dâmbovița">
Pietrari, Dâmbovița

Pietrari is a commune in Romania. It is located in Dâmboviţa County. It is composed of five villages: Aluniş, După Deal, Pietrari, Şipot and Valea. These were part of Bărbulețu Commune until 2004, when they were split off.

</doc>
<doc id="18621391" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18621391" title="Perșinari">
Perșinari

Perşinari is a commune in Dâmboviţa County, Romania. It is composed of a single village, Perşinari. The commune was established in 2004, when the village was split off from Văcăreşti Commune to form a separate entity.

</doc>
<doc id="18621413" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18621413" title="Jo Yeo-jeong">
Jo Yeo-jeong

Jo Yeo-jeong (born February 10, 1981) is a South Korean actress. She is best known for her leading roles in the period films "The Servant" (2010) and "The Concubine" (2012).
Career.
Jo Yeo-jeong debuted as a CeCi Magazine cover girl at the age of 16 in 1997, and began actively acting in 1999. Despite appearing in drama series, music videos, and TV commercials afterwards, she remained obscure. During this period, she was also unhappy with the limited roles being offered to her.
Then Jo rose to the spotlight in 2010 by starring as the ambitious Joseon woman of low caste in the erotic period drama "The Servant". The R-rated movie, which was a newly adapted and tragic version of Korea’s famous folktale "The Story of Chunhyang", had been turned down by a few actresses because it contained too many sex scenes. Jo, however, took advantage of the opportunity and it turned out to be a huge stepping stone in her career. Upon the release of the film, Jo successfully escaped being "another pretty face" in Korea's entertainment scene.
In 2011 Jo starred in hit cable series "I Need Romance", a sexually frank and funny comedy about a group of single thirtysomething girlfriends navigating the dating scene in Seoul, which boasted stylish and slick production values.
Few would have expected her to star in another period drama that requires full nudity, as doing so may stigmatize her in Korea's film industry ― where most young actresses still stay away from nude scenes as much as possible. Despite the collective concerns expressed by the local media outlets that she was "going nude too often," in 2012 the actress chose another period thriller with explicit sex scenes. She had admired the work of director Kim Dae-seung and wanted to work with him, so after reading his latest script, she pursued being cast as the complex titular character of "The Concubine". The film proved her fine taste in roles when, despite the hype, it was well-made and critically praised. In an interview for the film, Jo said that most of all, she wants to be seen as an adventurous and intriguing actress.
In the 2012 romantic comedy series "Haeundae Lovers", she played the bright and cheerful daughter of a Busan gangster, who falls in love with the amnesiac undercover prosecutor living with them. A year later, Jo's book "Healing Beauty" was published, containing tips and advice on health and beauty, based on the know-how she's amassed as an actress over her 16-year career.
In 2013, Jo became involved in a publicized contract dispute when she signed a new contract with Bom Entertainment while her contract with Didim531 was still in effect. The Corea Entertainment Management Association suggested that Jo avoid working with both agencies, and she joined Neos Entertainment in 2014. 
Jo has been cast in two upcoming movies. She reunites with director Kim Dae-woo ("The Servant") in another erotic period film, this time set during the Vietnam War, titled "Human Addiction". She also plays an abducted wife in "The Target", a remake of French action-thriller "Point Blank".

</doc>
<doc id="18621431" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18621431" title="Katale Khor">
Katale Khor

Katale khor (,) is a cave located in Zanjan Province, Iran. It is situated at 120 km south of Zanjan city and 410 km away from Tehran. The name, "Katale khor", means "mount of Sun". Geological studies in 1984 showed that the cave formation dates back to the Jurassic period. It is believed that the cave joins to Ali Sadr Cave in Hamadan province.The road from Zanjan to Khatalekhor cave passes Soltaniyeh, the biggest brick dome of the world. 
This cave was discovered about 90 years ago but it was registered by Ahmad Jamali.

</doc>
<doc id="18621450" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18621450" title="Shlomo Polachek">
Shlomo Polachek

Shlomo Polachek (1877-July 9, 1928) was born in Sinichinitz, near Meitchet, Grodna. He was an important Talmudic scholar and one of the earliest rosh yeshivas in America.
Biography.
He entered the Volozhin yeshiva when he was only twelve years old, and remained there until its close in the winter of 1892. He then went to learn with his mentor, Rabbi Chaim Soloveitchik, in Brisk for the next four years. It was Rav Chaim that referred to him as the "Meitscheter Illui" ("genius [from Meitchet"). Chaim Soloveitchik commented that in all his life, he had never come upon a genius of the measure of the Meitscheter. 
Polachek went on to become the "rosh yeshiva" in "yeshivas" in Lida and Białystok. At the invitation of Dov Revel, Polachek arrived in America in 1922 to become a "rosh yeshiva" at the Rabbi Isaac Elchanan Theological Seminary (RIETS) the rabbinical school of Yeshiva University and its Yeshiva College, America's first yeshiva. He taught at RIETS for six years until his sudden passing in 1928
Views.
Polachek held some broad-minded views relative to some of his contemporaries. For example, in Jeffrey S. Gurock's "Judaism's Encounter with American Sports" (Indiana University Press), Polachek is described as:
Following the sudden passing of Polachek in 1928, Shimon Shkop was persuaded to replace him for a short period of time. His children, such as his daughter Rebbetzin Libby Moshowitz, married to Rabbi Dr. Israel Mowshowitz, and two sons, one who received a PHd and one who became a doctor were notable in their own right.

</doc>
<doc id="18621456" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18621456" title="2008 Grand Slam of Darts">
2008 Grand Slam of Darts

The 2008 Grand Slam of Darts was the second staging of the darts tournament, the Grand Slam of Darts organised by the Professional Darts Corporation. The event took place from 15–23 November 2008 at the Wolverhampton Civic Hall. As with 2007, the tournament included players from both the PDC and BDO organisations.
Phil Taylor successfully defended the title after defeating Terry Jenkins 18–9 in the final.
Prize Fund.
The prize fund for the 2008 tournament was as follows:
Qualifying.
There were 15 tournaments that provided qualifying opportunities to players. Most tournaments offered a qualifying position for the winner and runner-up of the tournament, however the World Championships and the 2007 Grand Slam also offered a place in the tournament to the losing semi-finalists. There were also various other ways of qualifying for overseas players, including those from Australia and the United States of America, as well as a wildcard qualifying event open to any darts player.
Qualifying tournaments.
Defunct Tournaments.
Note: Players in "italics" have already qualified for the tournament.
For the second year running, Martin Adams declined his invitation to take part in the competition.
Due to the 2008 World Masters being scheduled for December, Michael van Gerwen was offered an invitation to compete in the 2008 Grand Slam of Darts. The invitation was given as van Gerwen won the World Masters in 2006.
Other Methods of Qualification.
A invitation to compete in the 2008 Grand Slam of Darts was also awarded to:
PDC North American Order of Merit.
The PDC North American Order of Merit ranks all of the North American dart players based on the amount of prize money that they have won from tournaments held in the USA and Canada.
Having won the inaugural North American Darts Championship and reaching the second round of the 2008 Las Vegas Desert Classic, as well as reaching the later stages of some North American events on the PDC Pro Tour, Darin Young picked up approximately £9,075 in PDC tournaments in North America, meaning he topped the North American Order of Merit and was selected for inclusion the Grand Slam.
William Cross Pro AM.
The William Cross Pro AM was a group of four darts tournaments held in Australia from the 2 to 10 August 2008. At the culmination of the four tournaments, an invitation to the 2008 Grand Slam of Darts was awarded to the Australian/New Zealand player who had accumulated the highest amount of prize money.
UK born player Paul Nicholson performed well in all four events and was runner-up in the Australian Open Players Championship. He topped the prize money table and as such was awarded a place in the 2008 Grand Slam of Darts.
Women's World Championship.
The PDC also invited the winner of the BDO Women's World Championship this year. The winner of the 2008 event was the Russian Anastasia Dobromyslova, who defeated Trina Gulliver in the final. She was entered as a reserve player should the field remain unfulfilled, and with Phil Taylor, Raymond van Barneveld, and James Wade dominating most televised finals, she was invited to the event.
ITV Wildcard.
On 1 August 2008, the PDC announced that the ITV Wildcard qualifier was to be held on Friday 17 October 2008 at the Magnum Centre in Irvine, Scotland. Any darts player was able to enter and the winner received an invitation to the 2008 Grand Slam of Darts. The losing semi-finalists also competed in a third-place play-off match to determine reserve qualifiers. Together with the runner-up, these qualifiers would be invited to the Grand Slam of Darts should the 32-man field remain unfilled.
Winner: Wes Newton<br>
Runner Up: Colin McGarry<br>
3rd Place: Alan Tabern<br>
4th Place: Jamie Caven
Newton, McGarry, and Tabern all qualified though Caven was the unlucky player to miss out – he was provisionally in the tournament until Adrian Lewis reached the final of the 2008 European Championship, the last qualifying event before the Grand Slam.
Qualified Players.
The 32 qualified players were:
International representatives.
This table shows the number of players from each country in the 2008 Grand Slam of Darts.
Pro Celebrity Challenge.
As a curtain-raiser for the main Grand Slam of Darts, a competition involving eight celebrities and eight of the professionals taking part in the Grand Slam took place on the Friday before the tournament. The winners of the tournament collected a first prize of £8,000. In a closely fought final, James Wade and Steve Backley won a final-leg decider over Phil Taylor and Neil Ruddock, with Backley's double two checkout sealing the victory. Those involved were:
Draw and results.
"all matches first-to-3/best of 5.<br>"
Draw and results.
Group Stages.
"All matches first-to-5/best of 9."
NB: P = Played; W = Won; L = Lost; LF = Legs For; LA = Legs Against; +/- = Plus/Minus Record, in relation to legs; Average – 3-dart average; Pts = Points.
Group B.
Nine dart shootout.
With Andy Hamilton and Alan Tabern finishing level on points and leg difference, a piece of history was made, with a nine-dart shootout between the two to see who would play Phil Taylor in the second round. The match took place after the conclusion of Tuesday's second round matches.
Knockout Stages.
Nine dart finish.
In the seventh second round match, James Wade recorded his first televised nine dart finish against Gary Anderson, during the twelfth leg of Anderson's 10–8 win. Wade hit consecutive maximums, before checking out with treble 20, treble 19 and double 12. It was the first ever nine-darter at the Grand Slam and the first UK televised nine-dart finish in which the player achieving it eventually lost the match. In 2007 Michael van Gerwen recorded a nine dart finish during the semi-finals of the Masters of Darts (a tournament that was shown on Dutch TV) but ended up losing the match to Raymond van Barneveld.
Television Coverage.
ITV Sport again broadcast coverage throughout the championship, in the UK. Again, Matt Smith presented the coverage on ITV4, with analysis from Chris Mason and Alan Warriner-Little, commentary from Peter Drury, Stuart Pyke and John Rawling and reports from Ned Boulting and Janie Omorogbe.
Match fixing allegations.
Five days after the tournament concluded, the PDC revealed that the organisation had received complaints concerning the group h match between Darryl Fitton and Gary Anderson, and forwarded those complaints to the Darts Regulation Authority. On 26 January 2009 it was announced that there was no evidence of player collusion in the arranging of match outcomes.

</doc>
<doc id="18621466" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18621466" title="Vesna Jovanovic">
Vesna Jovanovic

Vesna Jovanovic (born 1976 in Chicago, Illinois) is a contemporary American visual artist, best known for her detailed works on paper that depict human anatomy combined with plants, architectural structures, and geological formations.
Jovanovic's artwork has been exhibited at various museums and galleries, including solo exhibitions at the International Museum of Surgical Science, the University of Chicago Gordon Center for Integrative Science, Packer Schopf Gallery, the Contemporary Art Center of Peoria, the Ralph Arnold Fine Arts Annex Gallery at Loyola University Chicago, Wisconsin Union Galleries at the University of
Wisconsin-Madison, among numerous other venues. Her artwork has been featured in Newcity, Time Out Chicago, Discover Magazine Blogs, Seed Magazine, and various other publications. She has been awarded several grants from the Illinois Arts Council and the City of Chicago, as well as artist residency awards from the Santa Fe Art Institute and Chanorth, among others.
She currently lives and works in the Chicago area.

</doc>
<doc id="18621488" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18621488" title="Trimeresurus gracilis">
Trimeresurus gracilis

Trimeresurus gracilis, commonly known as the Taiwan pit viper, is a venomous pit viper species endemic to Taiwan. No subspecies are currently recognized.
Description.
"Trimeresurus gracilis" is a small snake with a total length up to . Scalation includes 19 (or 21) rows of dorsal scales at midbody, 144-149 ventral scales, 43-53 subcaudal scales, and 7-8 supralabial scales.
Geographic range.
It is found only in Taiwan, above above sea level. The type locality given is "Mt. Noko, Nanto". According to Zhao and Adler (1993), this would be "Mt. Nôkô, Nanto Co., central Formosa" (Mount Nengkaoshan, Nantou County, Taiwan).

</doc>
<doc id="18621544" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18621544" title="KORG DS-10">
KORG DS-10

KORG DS-10 is a music creation program for the Nintendo DS that emulates the Korg MS range of synthesizers. Frequently people refer to the Korg MS-10 but this is a single oscillator monosynth. The DS-10 adds sync which the MS-20 is lacking. It was released on July 24, 2008 in Japan, October 10, 2008 in Europe, and November 4, 2008 in the United States.
A newer, DSi compatible version, entitled KORG DS-10 Plus, was released in Japan on September 17, 2009 and in the United States on February 16, 2010. It doubles the number of synth and drum machines. It also adds some minor new features for the standard DS.
Instruments.
The DS-10 creates sound with two analogue synthesizer emulators, each with two Voltage-Controlled Oscillators (the Korg MS-10 had only one VCO). The VCOs feature a sawtooth, a pulse (with a non-modifiable pulse width), a triangle and a noise waveform. There is also a four-part drum machine that uses the same sound creation techniques as the synthesizers. The sounds made by each of the synthesizer emulators are modified using virtual knobs to change the value of standard synthesizer parameters such as cutoff frequency and waveform shape. Additionally there is a screen where users can patch certain parameters to be modified by an LFO, the envelope generator, or VCO2. Those new to Korg synthesizers may find the original Korg MS-10 Manuals useful in understanding the function of its components.
Interface.
The user interface is mainly through the DS's touch screen with the cursors serving as a supplementary method of moving through the various interface screens. The primary method of navigating through interface screens is by switching the interface screen with the processing flow map and selecting which item to modify. Notes can be played using a 2 octave keyboard or through an interface that detects the X and Y position of the stylus on the touch pad simulating a KORG Kaoss Pad. The Kaoss Pad can also be used to modify volume and pan as well as being able to assign the X or Y values to any of the parameters that can be modified elsewhere. Users can record twenty-one sessions with sixteen different step patterns with either live input or through a step sequencer. These patterns can then either be selected live or sequenced with the song mode.
Effects.
The DS-10 features a chorus, flanger and delay parameter that can be applied to each synth or the drum machine individually or as a whole. In addition, each of the editable drum sounds can have a separate effect added to it
in addition to the global effect.
Reception.
Reviews of KORG DS-10 have been generally positive, with 82% on Metacritic and 88% on Game Rankings. IGN gave the tool the lowest score, saying that "it isn't standalone, full-fledged music software". However, other reviewers gave this tool very positive scores, citing that this software has great music-making potential. Cheat Code Central, for example, said "As long as your creative juices are flowing, you can play this as long as your DS lasts".
Devoted fans have set up dedicated communities centered around KORG DS-10.
Legacy.
A follow-up title, "Korg M01D", was released for Nintendo 3DS via the Nintendo eShop in Japan on July 2013 and November 7, 2013 in North America and Europe. The title features all the sounds from the Korg M1 and some of the sounds from the Korg 01/w.

</doc>
<doc id="18621549" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18621549" title="Walter Schoel Engineering Co.">
Walter Schoel Engineering Co.

Walter Schoel Engineering Co. located in the City of Birmingham, Alabama has offered Consulting Civil Engineering, Hydrologic and Environmental Consulting, and land Surveying services, since its founding by Herman Schoel in 1888. The company is a member of the Alabama Engineering Hall of Fame

</doc>
<doc id="18621557" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18621557" title="Louis B. Mayer, King of Hollywood (film)">
Louis B. Mayer, King of Hollywood (film)

Louis B. Mayer: King of Hollywood (1999) is a documentary film directed by F. Whitman Trecartin that takes a look at life of filmmaker Louis B. Mayer, who as head of Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer (MGM) studios, came to rule over movie stars. The film takes a look at the personal price that Mayer paid for that success. 
Film summary.
Few Jewish immigrants have wielded the cultural power of Louis B. Mayer, head of America's largest cinematic factory before the days of television. "I have abundant reason to cherish the blessings of our democracy and to resist with all my strength any effort to undermine it," Mayer said, as part of his testimony before the House Committee on Un-American Activities. This was one of the few existing recordings of Mayer's own voice.
Mayer rarely emerged from behind the carefully constructed wall of his studio. That studio defined what many consider to be Hollywood’s "Golden Age". While he is often remembered as the all-powerful sculptor of silver screen glitz and glamour, this film shows Mayer in a far more personal, and often unflattering, light.
Through numerous photos and interviews with family and colleagues, we see the idiosyncrasies and insecurities of a very successful individual whose traditional family values drove the star system of Hollywood studios. 
Born in Russia, but raised within the Jewish immigrant enclave of St. John, New Brunswick in Canada, Mayer grew up believing that the father figure was the indisputable head of any family. Later, as General Manager of MGM, he often played this patriarchal role to the hilt in order to control the lives and careers of stars like Clark Gable, Joan Crawford, Spencer Tracy and Judy Garland. Mayer’s protective watch included building influence among political, religious, and military figures, while also getting police and newspapers to turn a blind eye to any scandals.
"L.B. Mayer had some powerful friends," recalls his grandson, Daniel Mayer Selznick, son of David O. Selznick and Irene Mayer Selznick, "When they say he looked after and protected you, this was a long, wide protective arm. Some people loved it. Some people hated it."
Those who chafed the most were his daughters, Edith and Irene. Despite his efforts to hinder them from becoming involved in the movie business, they rebelled and married film producers. Studio success and a hefty paycheck that made him "America’s highest paid employee" had changed the family forever. This irony was not lost on Mayer's father Jacob, a lover of Talmudic lore, who had once supported the family as a peddler. "God has made you treasurer," the elder Mayer is said to have told his son. "Every family has one."
Maintaining his wealth was not as easy as viewers may have assumed. Mayer was only granted one-year contracts from MGM, with renewal based on his ability to judge the ever-changing tastes of the American viewing public. He was assisted by Irving Thalberg, a production specialist, whose intellectual leanings balanced Mayer's more populist tastes. their collaboration helped produce the studio's most successful period.
Mayer's final years at MGM were not happy ones. His divorce from his invalid wife, Margaret, and subsequent pursuit of younger women, irrevocably harmed his relationship with his children. In his 70s, he became increasingly out of touch with his audience. He was eventually forced out as studio chief after three decades.
Despite all the turmoil, Louis B. Mayer has left a lasting legacy of MGM films. His greater achievement, however, may be that of a reminder to Jews and immigrants of the possibilities and the pitfalls that come with achieving the American dream.

</doc>
<doc id="18621578" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18621578" title="Satellier">
Satellier

Satellier Inc. was a US-based company, headquartered in Chicago, IL with operations in India. The company provides global workshare services to architecture, engineering, construction and owner-operated (AECO) partners.
History.
Satellier employs over 250 people in its offices located in New York, San Francisco, Chicago, London, New Delhi, Shanghai, and Hong Kong. Its portfolio spans a range of markets, including retail, health care, residential, office complexes, mixed-use facilities, hospitality, education, and campuses worldwide.
In April 2008, Satellier acquired Screampoint, the inventor of and leader in 5D Digital City and Digital Building systems.
Services.
Satellier provides workshare services such as Building Information Modeling (BIM), Design Support, Engineering/MEP, Design Management Services, and computer aided drafting support to architectural, engineering, and MEP disciplines. In India, Satellier offers Design Management Services that bridge the gap between international design and local construction realities in India.
Satellier's employees are experienced with international design standards and construction technology practices, and are affiliated with the AIA (American Institute of Architecture), RIBA (Royal Institute of British Architects), and other leading organizations serving the global architecture, engineering, construction, and owner communities.
Key people.
Satellier was founded by CEO Michael Jansen, a graduate of the Yale and Cambridge Schools of Architecture as well as a Fulbright scholar. Mr. Jansen continues to lead the company as the Executive Chairma. The management team also includes: Alain Waha - CEO; Rajesh Garg - CFO; Melvin Wallace- Director Sales & Marketing.

</doc>
<doc id="18621580" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18621580" title="Cary Hudson">
Cary Hudson

Cary Hudson is the lead singer, guitarist and main songwriter of the alternative country/Southern rock band Blue Mountain.
Biography.
Cary was born in the small town of Sumrall, Mississippi, located approximately 15 miles from Hattiesburg. Prior to Blue Mountain, Hudson was in a band called The Hilltops, and Blue Mountain formed out of The Hilltops. Blue Mountain featured numerous drummers, most infamously Frank Coutch, and bassist/wife of Hudson, Laurie Stirratt.
After the divorce of Hudson and Stirratt, Blue Mountain split, and Hudson embarked on a solo career that spawned 3 albums released on he and cousin Chris Hudson's record label, Black Dog Records. The first album, "The Phoenix" was released in 2002. Though Hudson shows his country roots often, many of the tracks offer him showing his talent for the electric guitar, such as the track "Mad, Bad, & Dangerous".
His second album, "Cool Breeze" released in 2004, finds Hudson once again using his guitar to show his talent. This album, however, has a more rustic feel to it. Those who are familiar with the area that Hudson grew up will be know many of the places that he mentions in the songs. "Cool Breeze" is a very diverse album, with there being no way that you can pin any one sound to it.
His 3rd solo album, the appropriately titled "Bittersweet Blues", allows Hudson to strip away the electric guitar and record an exclusively acoustic album. Every song displays Hudson's amazing song writing talent and pure bluesy voice. From the opening "Snow in Mississippi", the album is a mature, addictive, rush of pure Mississippi music that engulfs your mind and captures your soul. Hudson is, as a song writer, possibly his finest throughout his entire career on this album. The XM Radio hit, "Berlin Blues", is the track No. 9 on the record.
In 2007, Hudson reunited with Blue Mountain, and he put his solo career on hold. He resides in his hometown of Sumrall, and can often be seen by the locals of nearby towns as he plays solo shows at some of the establishments in Hattiesburg.
In 2008 Cary Hudson named one of the best in the Gibson Magazine’s list of Top 10 Alt.Country Guitarists of all time.

</doc>
<doc id="18621621" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18621621" title="Barony of Aiket">
Barony of Aiket

The Barony of Aiket with its castle, lay within the old feudal bailiary of Cunninghame. The barony lands equate to the extant Parish of Dunlop, East Ayrshire, Scotland.
Aiket castle.
Aiket Castle itself was a four storeyed square tower typical of the residences of the lesser barons, originally surrounded by a moat and built by the Cunninghames soon after they acquired the land in 1479. Following the murder of the 4th Earl of Eglinton the castle was destroyed and then rebuilt, with an extension, in 1592. In 1734 the castle was sold and the new owners attempted to remodel the castle as a Georgian semi-classical mansion, removing the top storey in the process. The Dunlop family owned the building in the start of the 17th century and latterly it was used to house farm labourers. In 1957 the building was gutted by fire and was then restored to its pre-1734 condition by the present owners (2010). The restoration was awarded a Diploma of Merit by Europa Nostra in 1987. The placename 'Aiket' is derived from 'Oak Wood'. 
Barr Hill, near Aiket Castle (Ackett in 1775) had two interesting small monuments on its top until the early 19th century. These structures were well built, with lime cemented stones and stood twelve feet high. 
Typically for feudal baronies, Aiket possessed a Justice Hill for the open air meeting of the barony court; as indicated on OS maps, this stood close to the castle. 
The lairds.
The Aiket Cunninghames were descended from the Cunninghames of Bedlands (Baidland), who in turn were cadets of the Cunninghames of Glencairn. Alexander Cunninghame is the first recorded as living at Aiket, receiving a charter from the Crown in 1479. Elizabeth Cunninghame had previously disposed of the lands to Lord Hay of Yester without permission from the Crown as feudal superior.
Robert Cunninghame seems to have been a very undesirable individual, implicated in the killing Sir John Mure of Caldwell and his own wife apparently attempted to poison him; she, Helen Colquhoun of Luss, was sent to the Court of Session at Edinburgh to answer the charge, but apparently never made it there. He was also implicated in the murder of the 4th Earl of Eglinton; an Aiket daughter was the wife of the Laird of Lainshaw, central to the story of the murder. The Aiket Cuninghames had all their property forfeited and Robert was eventually shot dead in revenge, 'on or near', his own doorstep in 1568.
Robert Cunninghame's wife complained bitterly when the estate was eventually returned in ruinous condition in 1592, saying: -
"the destruction of the policie of the place of Aiket, housis, yairdis, orcheardis and growand trees, swa that the samyn has been rivinous and laid waist, but door, windo, lok, ruf, or but ony repair, and the dewties prescrivit, rigourouslie exacted, to the great wrack of the poor tenantis, quha ar not addetit in sa mekle mail as is extortionat be thame." She appears to have rebuilt the castle in the late 16th century style, adding a lower kitchen wing to the west, with two upper floors.
In 1566 the last Roman Catholic vicar of Dunlop, John Houston, with the permission of Gavin Hamilton, commendator of Kilwinning Abbey, granted the church lands of Dunlop to William Cunnighame of Aiket. He kept an acre of land at the manse for his use and for the use of his successors.
James Cunninghame was closely involved with the Darién scheme and accompanied the first expedition. On his return he was an armed opponent of the 1707 Union of Parliaments. He lost so much money on his various financial ventures that he was forced to sell his estates.
Tradition has it that one of the Cunninghames of Aiket hung a Gemmill at Templehouse using the rafters of the victims own house.
The murder of the 4th Earl of Eglinton.
Three Aiket daughters were married to participants in the tale of the murder of Hugh, Earl of Eglinton; two to Cunninghames and one, Lady Margaret, to a Montgomerie. In 1564 Cunninghame of Aicket (sic) is referred to as the 'Larde of Halkhede.' In the 18th-century the Dunlops made the castle more fashionable by cutting off the tower and regularising the windows. A disastrous fire in 1957 left the castle with only two vaults and three walls standing, however Robert and Katrina Clow restored the building in the mid-seventies.
The Spectral Knight of Hessilhead and the Bride of Aiket.
Anna Cunninghame of Aiket was pledged to marry her true love, Henry Montgomerie of Hessilhead. They were to marry upon his return from the crusades, however Allan Lockhart, son of a neighbouring Baron began to pay increasingly frequent visits to the inmates of Aiket Castle. His courtship was in vain and he would have no success unless the Crusades were to claim Henry. After many more months had passed Allan decided to used trickery and eventually persuaded a footsoldier recently returned from the Crusades to tell the false tale of the death of Henry Montgomerie. The ruse was carried off with success and after a short while Allan pressed his attentions again and the marriage day was set. On that very day Henry returned to Hessilhead castle and discovered the treacherous act, however he fell from his horse on his way to claim his bride and died within minutes.
At twelve o'clock midnight the wedding feast was halted abruptly by the figure of the fully armour clad Henry Montgomerie striding into Aiket Castle hall, lifting up the Lady Anna and then vanishing into the night. Neither soldier nor bride were ever found. The Lockhart, Loccard or Lockhard family are believed to have been the first owners of the Barony of Kilmarnock.
Anna Inglis and William Cunningham.
History records some facts that may in some way relate to the tale of the 'Spectral bride'. A Montgomerie of Hessilhead was pledged to marry an Anna Inglis, daughter of Thomas and Marion of Corsflat in Paisley. Anna's mother, Marion Peibles, was related to the Montgomeries. The Thomas Inglis died and Marion then married an Allan Lockhart (b. 1593), son of Allan Lockhart of Cleghorn near Lanark. Allan Lockhart forced his step-daughter, who was not yet 12 years old, to marry William Cunningham of Aiket, his cousin.
William received a dowry of 40,000 merks and upon the marriage, however he beat and starved his young wife, spending his time with harlots in Paisley. His wife petitioned for a divorce and succeeded in 1641, however William (d. 1645) left her burdened with 10,000 merks debt. Anna had a son, James Cunningham, who became a Paisley burgess in 1668.
Aiket Mill.
The corn mill on the Glazert Water at Aiket is first marked on the 1890 OS map. It has been restored as a dwelling, however the waterwheel is no longer in situ. Several millstones are located at the site and the mill race is in good condition and substantially built. Bloak Holm mill was located nearby, a little further down the Glazert Water and is recorded as being part of the Kirkwood Estate in the 18th century.
The surviving Aiket millstones are made of French Burr which came in sections and the millwright had to turn these into a usable millstone. The sections were shaped and then the pieces of the jigsaw puzzle such were fitted together to give him the overall shape and size required. Once assembled, a set of iron tyres were fitted around them, in exactly the same way as a wheelwright would prepare a wooden wagon wheel. When cold, the metal tyre is made a little too small to fit around the stones, but when heated expansion caused it to become just large enough to drop into place. The cooling metal attempts to shrink back to its original size, gripping the pieces of the stone tightly. The stones were sealed with plaster of paris, poured into every crack and the working face was also coated to help cement the stones together, and to keep the dirt out.
Braikenheuch Hill.
This hill, its name meaning the 'Bracken Crag', lies about a mile and a half from Dunlop. It is said to be the site of the death of one of the Cunninghames of Aiket, killed by a Montgomerie during the times of the feuds between these families. The area is now known as the 'Brechna Braes.'
Micro-history.
The gardens have been thoroughly developed, using recycled stone for steps, landscaping of the old quarry and extensive ornamental tree and shrub plantings.
In 2011 the castle was put on the market for £1.1 million.
References.
Notes;
Sources;

</doc>
<doc id="18621638" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18621638" title="Brazil's Next Top Model (cycle 2)">
Brazil's Next Top Model (cycle 2)

""'Brazil's Next Top Model Cycle 2 was the second season of Brazil's Next Top Model hosted by model Fernanda Motta, which aims to find the next top fashion model. Filming ran from July to August 2008 and the premiere aired September 4, 2008. 
The winner received a R$ 200,000 contract, management and representation by Ford Models, a brand new car and a photo shoot for the cover and a six-page spread within Vogue Brasil. 
The cycle features 13 contestants. For the first time, the show had an international destination during this cycle, which was Buenos Aires, Argentina. 
The winner was 20 year old Maíra Vieira from Belo Horizonte, Minas Gerais.
Episode Summaries.
Episode 1.
Original Airdate: September 4, 2008
In the first episode, the public attends the choice of the 13 finalists of the reality show. The host Fernanda Motta, and the judges, Érika Palomino, Duda Molinos and Dudu Bertholini decide who stays in the competition, after an individual interview with each of the 20 selected contestants. Soon afterwards, 4 girls are eliminated, and the remaining 16 do a topless photoshoot for a campaign against breast cancer. Even though some of the girls feel uncomfortable posing half-naked, they all participate in the shoot. 
From now on, the 13 finalists lived in the same house.
Episode 2.
""'Original Airdate: September 11, 2008
The girls received tips from designer Amir Slama, founder of "Rosa Chá", one of the most important Brazilian labels. For the reward challenge, the girls had only 5 minutes to put together an outfit with the other participants' clothes, without communicating with one another. Flávia Giussani was criticized for her choice. Isabel won the challenge and received a dress and a dinner in the restaurant "Chakras" with 3 friends as a reward; she chose Alinne, Malana, and Marianna to join her. 
The photo shoot was based on horror movies and each girl wore makeup based on the film she was supposed to represent. They had to express three specific moods: sexy, evil and scared. Isabel once again gave up in the middle of the photo shoot, and, later at panel, all of the judges agreed it had been a "big mistake". Alinne's and Dayse's pictures were praised as the best ones by the judges. Flávia Gleichmann showed great improvement compared to last week's performance. In the end, Luana was eliminated, as the judges did not think her personality had translated well onto her pictures. 
Episode 3.
""'Original Airdate: September 18, 2008
The girls were taken to EV salon for makeovers. Marianna did not like her makeover; she complained about it throughout the episode and her attitude was later severely criticized at panel.
The models were paired up for the photoshoot: one of them embodied a mechanic, and the other, a snobby high-class woman. Alinne, Elly and Priscila were praised for their resourcefulness. Isabel and Rebecca showed no improvement. The girls also had their first runway lesson with Namie Wihby, during which Flávia Gleichmann and Malana were harshly criticized for their walks, and Rebeca was warned about not being able to fully close her mouth.
At panel, Flávia Giussani was praised for her attitude. The girls were asked to judge their performance and decide which of the pair had done better in their photoshoot. In the end, Isabel was eliminated because of her lack of interest in the fashion world.
Episode 4.
""'Original Airdate: September 25, 2008
The girls continue the runway lessons with Namie Wihby. He introduces them to the various types of runway walks. The challenge this week was to put on lipstick Avon with one hand while walking in the runway, and handling 3 dogs on the hand. The winner was Priscila, who was given a shopping voucher valued at R$ 1500.00. Rebeca was criticized for showing no evolution.
In the photoshoot, the girls embodied João Machado's plastic art and are dressed in organic food, such as squid, pig ears, beef and raw salmon. Dayse was disgusted by being dressed in beef, and it showed in her photos; the judges think that she exaggerated all of her expressions. Unlike Dayse, Maira is told that she has to exaggerate and show emotions. At panel Alinne and Flávia Giussani are told that they have not showed any kind of evolution. Dayse was once again criticized for not handling correctly feedback from the judges. Marianna is also criticized for not being able to let go of her "good girl" image. Flávia Giussani was eliminated for not showing attitude in her photos.
Episode 5.
""'Original Airdate: October 2, 2008
At sunrise, the girls are summoned by soldiers for the challenge of the week: join a military training in the style of the Brazilian film, Elite Troop (in Portuguese, Tropa de Elite). In the barracks they must prove, among classes of ballet with the choreographer Laís Correa, that they are disciplined and have the ability to overcome obstacles. In the final challenge, the girls must to go through a sequence of physical obstacles and followed by a quick photoshoot. Alinne felt terrible pain in her legs because of an accident she had two years ago. Despite this she completed the race and along with Priscila and Carolline, won the challenge, The prize was an afternoon at the Kyron Spa. 
The next day, Namie Wihby came back to the house to teach the girls a lot more about different kinds of catwalks. The girls also took a yoga class with Mauro Giuselli using the new kit Nívea My Silhouette. 
After an entertaining message from Pazzeto, the girls are informed by Fernanda Motta that this week's photoshoot will be based on the famous pin up's but at the same time they will also pose as giants. Malana and Maíra are criticized for lack of variety in their pictures. Once in the house, the girls receive a visit from the fashion designer Juliana Jabour, who gives them tips about the fashion world. 
At panel, Élly, Rebeca and Dayse are praised for the visible evolution since the beginning of the show. Priscila and Alinne are criticized for not showing any improvement. Malana was criticized for not being able to show her spirit through her pictures. Maíra is criticized for her lack of variety in her expressions; she's had the same facial expression in all of the photos she's done throughout the competition. Flávia Gleichmann is told that she does not photograph well. Marianna and Carolline were in the bottom 2 for being unable to demonstrate attitude, and personality in the photos. Carolline was sent home.
Episode 6.
""'Original Airdate: October 9, 2008
To commemorate the Centenary of Japanese Immigration in Brazil, the week the made a tribute to the land of the rising sun. After the girls received a Fernanda's Mail talking about the history of Brazil. 
The 9 models meet fashion stylist, Erika Ikezili. They do a workshop on Japanese culture, this serves as the inspiration for the challenge of the week: participe in Erika's Runway Fashion Show, using the guetta, Japanese wooden clog. After the challenge, Pazzeto gave some tips to Maíra and Flávia Gleichmann, ignoring Rebeca, who felt excluded and ignored. Dayse and Elly won the challenge and a dinner with two friends (Maíra and Malana) at a Japanese restaurant, Shintori. 
Dayse's bad attitude begins to anger some of the girls, mainly Alinne and Marianna. Her behavior is also reviewed by Namie, who once again calls her arrogant. In the photoshoot, the girls had to dress as super-heroines of manga, suspended 10 feet from the ground by wires, which caused much discomfort. Most of the girls took great photos. Maíra showed great improvement; she finally succeeded in giving a vast variety of facial expressions. Marianna was praised for her use of body language. Just before the photoshoot Elly begins to feel sick and fails to deliver a good picture. 
At panel, the judges praised Rebeca for finally being able to take a picture with her mouth fully closed. Maíra was also praised for her facial expressions and Malana for her softness. Dayse was harshly criticized for the lack of variety in her pictures. In the end, Fernanda eliminates Flávia Gleichmann for lack of feminism in her photos and subtleness.
Episode 7.
""'Original Airdate: October 16, 2008
The girls go through a workshop with Fernando Torquatto, who teaches them to pose and various types of facial expressions. In the end, the girls receive a video from Érika Palomino, inviting them to visit the "House of Palomino". There, the girls put what they learned into practice taking three pictures, showing a specific emotion. Alinne won the challenge, Cocci's clothes and an interview for the site's "House of Palomino". That night Fernanda went to the house for dinner and talks to the girls about her career. 
In the photoshoot, the girls are dressed by the fashion photographer Fabricio Maia and had to pose with actress and model Bia Schmidt. At panel, the judges (with the absence of Erica) choose Rebeca's, Priscila's, and Dayse's pictures as the best of the mini-challente. The three managed to show more emotions. Elly was criticized for her lack of concentration and not interacting with Bia. Priscila had the best picture of the group, while Maíra continues progressing, but is not confident enough. Elly and Rebeca land in the bottom two by the lack of concentration at the time of the shoot, but in the end Rebeca is eliminated. 
Episode 8.
""'Original Airdate: October 23, 2008
The models visit the "Osklen's" store and meet the fashion designer Oskar Metsavaht, who explains the entire process of designing a brand and shows some of the summer 08/09 collection. As a challenge, the girls try some of the clothes and simulate an audition for a fashion show. Malana and Elly were praised for their choice of clothes and their attitude. Alinne had the worst performance because of her exaggeration. At night, the girls visit the set of the nacional Cori's campaign where Fernanda Motta is doing a photoshoot.
In this week's photoshoot the girls have to represent different fashion trends from various decades:
At panel, the judges praised the evolution of all the girls. Elly and Priscila are chosen as the best of the night, with photos that showed a sexy side, but were also glamorous, Maira was praised for her picture was the most versatile and transcended time. Alinne once again failed to take a good picture. Malana was criticized for being too over the top, her picture was the weakest of the bunch. Even being one the most consistent contestants, Alinne was sent packing. 
The judges showed concern about Priscila's weight loss. The other girls are worried that Priscila has not been eating well and losing too much weight. Priscila says she's been eating well, and she's convinced that she needs to diet and exercise more so that she can reach an ideal weight. 
Episode 9.
""'Original Airdate: October 30, 2008
After a workshop about acting, the girls were tested for a TV commercial, speaking in Spanish. Priscila wins the challenge, getting as a reward one dinner in a famous restaurant with two friends, and a commercial with Fernanda Motta about breast cancer. The girls then were styled as men for their photoshoot, and had to pose in pairs with working models, portraying a sexy couple. This photoshoot was inspired by the gender swap shoot on the episode The Girl Who Takes Credit from America's Next Top Model, Cycle 8. Mariana Richardt from Cycle 1 makes an appearance as one of the models. Priscila, Élly and Maíra are praised during their photoshoots. Malana was said to be too masculine, even though they were supposed to look feminine. Marianna was criticized for looking like a girl, and focusing too much on looking pretty, while Dayse couldn't make a connection with her partner. 
At panel, Malana redeems herself from her cockiness during last judging, by opening up. Maíra and Priscila get great praise from the judges, thanks to their development. Dayse and Marianna both got the worst critiques, since they didn't get into the character, and didn't work with their partners. After deliberation, the judges decided to send Marianna home, since she's been criticized for the same reason since the beginning of the competition, and still, didn't let her model side show through. 
Episode 10.
""'Original Airdate: November 6, 2008
The candidates are surprised with a trip to an ecological resort in São Paulo, the Paradise Ecolodge and learn about eco-fashion, a new niche of the fashion world. In the challenge of the week, should customize a shirt and still parading the catwalk in stylish, with both the concept of creation as valeriam the presentation points. Despite the creativity of the presentation Dayse, Elly comes out victorious and won as a prize and a gold necklace from around the reservation. Already in photo shoot, the theme was the side fashionâ most of the garbage, which should embody monsters of pollution through the creations of Marcio Banfi, Stylist of Fernanda Motta. 
Back in São Paulo, the girls face the judges. Elly was praised by the picture that, although strange, was the only one who figured the issue properly, Priscila had a weak test and back in every sense; Maíra, despite a weak picture, was notable for its development and loss of their paradigms; Malana was criticized for being tense in the trial and not posing, Dayse by opinion and mechanics in their photos and bad attitudes demonstrated by the house. 
In the end, Priscila and Dayse were in the bottom two. Despite being photogenic and have evolved during the program, Fernanda eliminates Dayse because it was not as complete as the other girls and even surprised with the news that they would be leaving for Buenos Aires, Argentina, part of Fashion Week of Argentina.
Episode 11.
""'Original Airdate: November 13, 2008
The girls travel to Buenos Aires, Argentina, and in the company of Pazetto, will have a great opportunity to hear from Fashion Week in Buenos Aires, the most important event in the country. The girls have access to scenes and are able to talk to big names in fashion, as Fernanda Bruchiele and Laurencio Adot, as well as participate in a simulated casting with Gabriela Vidal, the agency's La Bien Models. 
The reward challenge took place in one of the most famous shows the Argentinean capital, Esquina de Carlos Gardel, where they had 30 minutes to learn tango and make a number with professional dancers, showing passion. The winner, Priscila, was allowed to choose between three looks that the Argentinean brand, Tramando, had prepared for her. After talking about what they had learned with each other, the girls needed to show everything they know in a photoshoot without a theme and the inspiration of women in the 40's, with a photograph of a collection of Pablo Ramirez, where they should improvise and use all they learned during the program. 
Back to Brazil, the most exciting elimination begins. The girls demonstrate to the jury that they could find criticism of Argentine models, mainly in runway walk. After talking about how much they want to go to the Top 3, the judges criticize their pictures: Elly demonstrates great body expression, elegance and an absolute control, showing her best work; Malana brings back her lightness in the photos; Maíra showed a bad angle of her face, a harmonious set, but weak and has not yet found the courage and conviction to be a model, still evolving, but is unstable. And Priscila, despite her bright face and strong poses, was unable to work her body and her curves, and thus, sending her home.
Episode 12.
""'Original Airdate: November 20, 2008
After being in shock by the elimination of Priscila, the three girls rewand are preparing for a final challenge, which they will be tested on everything they were learned: first, the video challenge, where a record commercial for next cycle of Brazil's Next Top Model; then the photography challenge, should simulate a cover for Vogue Brazil over the eyes of the fashion editor of the magazine, Giovani Frassoni, and finally, would the booker by Marco Aurelio Key, director of Ford Models Brazil. 
After talking to recharge your batteries and their families counting on his life, the girls faced the jury. Maíra is extremely professional in the business and its evolution is the most visible, with the largest repertoire of poses, Elly, from Marcus Aurelius, is the most complete of participants, can be light, modern, but Malana, who throughout the competition managed to bring her luster in her eyes, is more sophisticated and mysterious, becoming a model of high fashion, she left her nervousness hinder the commercial and was eliminated. 
In the grand finale, the girls go to the hall of SENAC, along with all other participants in the top 13 and Fernanda Motta, the parade of the Neon, from the judge Dudu Bertholini, where the theme is a retrospective of the brand over the years of 2008 and the program itself. 
After the judges once again come together and the girls are evaluated picture by picture from the start of the competition. Ultimately, a teary Fernanda announces Maíra as Brazil's Next Top Model for being more complete, professional & ready for the market.
Episode 13.
""'Original Airdate: November 27, 2008
This episode goes back to the beginning of the competition and shows viewers Maira's journey towards becoming Brazil's Next Top Model.

</doc>
<doc id="18621645" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18621645" title="Hwangbo">
Hwangbo

Hwangbo Hyejeong (; born August 16, 1980), better known as simply Hwangbo, is a South Korean singer and rapper. She rose to prominence as leader and rapper of former girl group Chakra.
Career.
Hwangbo debuted in 1999 as the rapper for the group Bros. She then joined Chakra alongside Eeni, Eun, and Jeong Ryeo-won in 2000. The group released 4 albums, with the last one ("Tomato") being released in 2003. Although they contributed to soundtrack albums, the group eventually split up in 2004.
Hwangbo then frequently appeared in various variety shows, including being a regular on SBS's "X-Man" and "Love Letter". She cultivated an image of being a tomboy, due to her strong mannerisms and straightforwardness. This is where she developed her image and brought most of her fans. Hwang Bo was also able to do a lot of charity work. She constantly signed up for volunteer work, leaving the country to help people around the world, more specifically the Middle East and Africa. She "adopted" a little girl from Bangladesh, constantly sending money in order to create a beneficial life for her daughter. When the outbreak struck, Hwang Bo was in Korea wrapping up a recording of one of the variety shows she was participating in. Her daughter did not manage to make her way to New Delhi. Thoroughly shaken with what was happening around her, Hwang Bo began constant charity work to help those looking for refugee in Seoul. Hwang Bo has since began directing the money that used to go to her daughter to the Revival Project, becoming a spokesperson while juggling recordings and perhaps a new album.
A solo album was rumored to be released for some time; however, Hwangbo did not release an album until 2007 with "Lady in Black". The album marked an image change, as the first single ("", ""Even My Tears are Sorry"") was a ballad. In mid-2008, she released a digital single, "Gift for Him", which featured the song "" (""Get Hot""), a Tecktonik song. The remix features Koo Junyup of Clon; the song's dance was choreographed by him as well. She also released a song called "Mature" as part of the "Gift For Him" 2-track release.
Hwangbo joined the MBC reality show "We Got Married", debuting on May 11, 2008. She was paired up with SS501 leader Kim Hyun Joong, who is six years her junior. Due to scheduling conflicts, Kim Hyun Joong and Hwangbo made their official exit of the show on December 14, 2008. Having gained high popularity through their fictional marriage, they won MBC's Best Couple Award on December 28, 2008.
To this day Hwangbo still has a huge following because of her portrayal of the perfect wife on this show. She showed a vulnerable side never seen before and has attracted many fans due to this.
In 2009, Hwang Bo has remained active on television, becoming one of 6 MCs on "Infinity Girls", an all-female version of "Infinite Challenge", airing on MBC Every1. The show was eventually revamped in November 2009, with the original cast leaving, including Hwangbo and replaced by all new members. She was also featured in Olive's Channel new show "Living Beauty".
She has also continued her modeling work, appearing as the model for the Labelle 2009 S/S online fashion catalog, and participating in Seoul Fashion week as one of the models for Korean designer Imseonoc. On April 2009, Hwang Bo released her newest digital release, "Can't Believe The Words," a remake of STAY's 2006 song.
On August 18, 2009 Hwang Bo released her newest single "R2song / Arisong" in South Korea, which was first released in the UK. The song ranked #1 on JunoDownload's singles charts on the day of its release, featuring a mix by producer Postino.
Personal life.
Hwang Bo is an active participant in charity work, becoming close friends with actress Shin Ae Ra through their contribution together in Bangladesh. She is part of a charity group, Compassion. Hwang Bo is also good friends with other groups like Shinhwa. 
On November 2009, Compassion has released a MV titled 'Because of Love'. The compassion group will do a tour around Korea to collect donations.
On February 5, 2011, Hwangbo officially entered the restaurant business with trusted friend and colleague, Shim Tae Yoon. She is currently the co-owner of the Shimsontong branch in Hongdae in the Mapo-gu district of northwest Seoul.

</doc>
<doc id="18621647" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18621647" title="Michael L. Marin">
Michael L. Marin

Michael L. Marin is an American vascular surgeon, the first in the United States to perform minimally invasive aortic aneurysm surgery (stent graft procedure) together with Drs. Frank Veith, Juan C. Parodi and Claudio J. Schonholz. He is considered a pioneer in the field of endovascular repairs of the aorta.
Marin is Professor and Chairman of the Department of Surgery at Mount Sinai Medical Center in New York City, the author of 60 chapters and has been published in over 180 peer-reviewed medical journals.
Biography.
Marin joined the staff of Mount Sinai Medical Center in 1996, when he was recruited from the Montefiore Medical Center/Albert Einstein College of Medicine to found a program in endovascular surgery at Mount Sinai. 
Marin graduated from the Mount Sinai School of Medicine in 1984 and later completed his internship and residency in surgery at Columbia-Presbyterian Medical Center.
In 2001 he was named the Chief of Vascular Surgery at Mount Sinai Hospital.
Publications.
Publications have focused on intimal hyperplasia, endovascular surgery and surgical techniques. 
Partial list:

</doc>
<doc id="18621682" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18621682" title="Keowee-Toxaway State Natural Area">
Keowee-Toxaway State Natural Area

Keowee-Toxaway State Natural Area is a state park in Pickens County, South Carolina. It was created in 1970 along the shores of Lake Keowee from lands previously owned by Duke Power.
The Keowee-Toxaway Museum includes exhibits about the area Cherokee Indians and their interactions with local settlers. There are four interpretive kiosks along one trail that also highlight the Cherokees.
The park includes several picnic shelters as well as fishing and boat access to the adjacent lake. Hiking can be done on the Raven Rock hiking trail or the Natural Bridge hiking trail, as well as a short interpretive loop trail. The park also offers both backcountry and paved campsites, as well as cabin lodging.

</doc>
<doc id="18621693" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18621693" title="HMS Resolution (1708)">
HMS Resolution (1708)

HMS "Resolution" was a 70-gun third rate ship of the line of the Royal Navy, built by Sir Joseph Allin according to the 1706 Establishment at Deptford Dockyard, and launched on 25 March 1708.
"Resolution" was wrecked in 1711.

</doc>
<doc id="18621714" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18621714" title="Terentyev">
Terentyev

Terentyev (), or Terentyeva (feminine; Терентьева), is a Russian surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="18621748" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18621748" title="ClearOrbit">
ClearOrbit

ClearOrbit is a supply chain management software and services company based in Austin, Texas. Founded in 1994 as BPA Systems, the company was renamed in 2001. Today it has more than 300 customers in a wide variety of industries including automotive, high tech, industrial, consumer products and healthcare. It primarily sells through a direct sales force.
History.
1994 through 1999.
Michael Palmer, Paul Palmer and Larry Brouwer founded ClearOrbit as BPA Systems in January 1994. In October 1995, ClearOrbit released the first version of the Enterprise Hardware Integration (EHI) platform for connectivity to Radio Frequency (RF) devices and bar code printers. In January 1997, ClearOrbit introduced a supply chain application with modules for receiving, inventory, manufacturing, shipping, and warehouse labels. Also in 1997, ClearOrbit was certified as a partner in Oracle's Cooperative Applications Initiative and as a Certified Solution Partner in the Oracle Partner Program.
2000.
In March 2000, ClearOrbit introduced a Web-enabled version of the Enterprise Hardware Integration (EHI) platform product. That same month, ClearOrbit received $15 million in first round funding. Tom Dziersk was appointed Chief Executive Officer.
2001.
BPA Systems changed its name to ClearOrbit in February 2001. ClearOrbit released Supply Chain Labels, a Web-based compliance label printing service. In May, ClearOrbit released Gemini SeriesTM product suite for supply chain optimization. Gemini Series included one platform product, Connect, and three applications, Automate, View and Pro-Act.
2002 through 2007.
In July 2002, ClearOrbit announced the release of Supplier-Owned Inventory (SOI), the second module in the Endeavour SeriesTM, a real-time Supplier Relationship Management (SRM) solution. In September of that year, ClearOrbit expanded into global supply chain markets. Guenter Krauss was appointed as Vice President, International, initially focusing on the European market. In October 2002, ClearOrbit launched Orbiter Series to extend Oracle Warehouse Management System (WMS) and Mobile Supply Chain Applications (MSCA). In June 2007, TAKE Solutions acquired ClearOrbit to combine ClearOrbit with their existing supply chain management (SCM) divisions. TAKE Solutions is a privately owned business and software company with business throughout the global markets.

</doc>
<doc id="18621753" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18621753" title="Alexander Kudryavtsev">
Alexander Kudryavtsev

Alexander Kudryavtsev (born 26 October 1985, in St. Petersburg, Russia) is a Russian professional tennis player who has played professionally since 2003. He made his breakthrough in 2008, playing in his first top-level international tournaments on the ATP tour, having spent time playing in "Challenger" and "Futures" events. He reached his career-high singles ranking of # 123 in September 2011 and career-high doubles ranking of 70 on 7 November 2011. At the 2012 Australian Open Kudryavtsev qualified for the first round proper for the first time, his only grand slam singles appearance to date.
Professional career.
Early career.
Kudryavtsev reached the quarter-finals in a futures event in Bucharest in 2003. In 2004 he advanced to the second round in three futures events, and won a doubles challenger title. In 2005 he was a semi-finalist in a Beijing futures tournament, and reached the quarterfinals in Korolev (Russia) and Minsk (Belarus). In 2006 he became a finalist for the first time in Uzbekistan, as well as reaching the semi-finals once and the quarter-finals twice in other events.
In 2007 he started by winning his first Futures title in India and followed it up by winning a second in Belarus in May. In the second half of the season he was a quarter- or semi-finalist in six Challenger events with a 15–11 win-loss record. He also reached 9 finals (5 wins with three different partners) in doubles competitions and finished the year ranked No. 96 in doubles.
2008.
Kudryavtsev began the year positively by reaching the second round of his maiden top-level tournament. After coming through qualifying he beat Prakash Amritraj of India 6–3 4–6 7–6(8). In the second round he faced former World No. 1 Carlos Moyà but lost in a hard-fought game 6–3 6–7(4), 6–2. His next international event was at Estoril in Portugal in April where he lost in the first round to France's Thierry Ascione (ranked #82) 6–1 6–4.
He competed in his first Masters Series event at Toronto in Canada in July. In the first round he upset No. 33 ranked Philipp Kohlschreiber of Germany 6–2 7–6(7) but he could not repeat this in the second round as he lost to Frenchman Richard Gasquet (ranked #12) 7–5 6–3.
2012.
Kudryavtsev began the year by qualifying for the Australian Open main draw. He met Roger Federer in the opening round and lost in three sets (7–5, 6–2, 6–2).
Singles performance timeline.
"This table is current through 9 September 2013.
Personal life.
Kudryavtsev began playing tennis at the age of six while living in St. Petersburg in Russia. He admired tennis players Andre Agassi and countryman Marat Safin while growing up and strove to be as good as them. As a professional he enjoys playing on most surfaces except grass and does not have a favorite shot. He has been coached by countryman Vadim Davletshin since May 2007.
He married his wife Rushana on 16 March 2007 and they had a son called Egor (born 6 August 2007)

</doc>
<doc id="18621765" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18621765" title="Aeroméxico Travel">
Aeroméxico Travel

Servicio Mexicano de Vuelos de Fletamento S. A. de C. V., operating as Aeroméxico Travel, was a charter flight subsidiary of Aeroméxico, and started operations on June 2, 2008, with the inaugural flight AM6771 from Mexico City to Cancún. The airline was in charge of charter flights from Mexican resort destinations to several cities in the United States and Canada. In August 2011, its parent company, Aeroméxico, decided to retire the "Travel" brand and focus on scheduled operations instead.
Destinations.
The airline operated flights to the United States, as well as charter flights from Mexico City and Monterrey to Cancún, Puerto Vallarta, Huatulco, Mérida, Mazatlán, and Cozumel. The airline had charter flights to Minneapolis from Cancún during the winter and early spring.
Fleet.
The Aeroméxico Travel fleet consisted of the following aircraft.

</doc>
<doc id="18621774" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18621774" title="Laurence Olivier Award for Most Promising Performer">
Laurence Olivier Award for Most Promising Performer

See Olivier Awards for more information about the awards and a full list of categories and winners.
The Laurence Olivier Awards are a series of awards presented annually by The Society of London Theatre. They are presented in recognition of achievements in commercial British theatre, most notably plays and musicals in the West End of London, an area commonly referred to as ""Theatreland"". The awards were established as the Society of West End Theatre Awards in 1976 and, in 1984 they were renamed in honour of the renowned British actor Lord Olivier. The Olivier Awards are the most prestigious theatrical awards in the United Kingdom and are the UK equivalent of the Tony Awards.
This list comprises the winners of the "Most Promising Performer" category shown in bold. Where possible other nominees will be shown "in italics".

</doc>
<doc id="18621841" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18621841" title="Russia–Seychelles relations">
Russia–Seychelles relations

Russia–Seychelles relations () is the bilateral relations of Russia and Seychelles. Diplomatic relations between Seychelles and the Soviet Union were established on 30 June 1976, a day after the island nation gained its independence from the United Kingdom. Russia has an embassy in Victoria. Seychelles is represented in Russia through its embassy in Paris (France) and two honorary consulates (in Saint Petersburg and Yekaterinburg).
In February 2009, Alexander Vladimirov, Russia's Ambassador to Seychelles paid a final visit to President James Michel and Vice-President Joseph Belmont at the State House.
Soviet-era relations.
On 15 February 1980, the Soviet Union and Seychelles signed the "Agreement on merchant navigation" in Victoria. The government of Seychellois President France-Albert René supported the Soviet invasion of Afghanistan.
In 1987 "The Sunday Times", quoting unnamed US intelligence officers, reported that the Soviet Union had landed 50 naval infantry troops in the Seychelles after making landfall on the "Ivan Rogov" in October 1986; a month after a foiled assassination attempt on René.
Economic relations.
Bilateral trade between Russia and the Seychelles in 2008 reached a total of US$6.23 million. Russia exported some US$4.54 million worth of goods and services to the Seychelles, including mineral oils, machinery and equipment. The Seychelles exports to Russia totalled US$1.69 million made up of fish, seafood and spices.
In 1999 an agreement on co-operation in the field of tourism was concluded between the two nations, and in 2008 some 6,400 Russian tourists visited the Seychelles. Burgeoning Russian tourism to the Seychelles led the Seychellois national airline Air Seychelles to launch a weekly flight to Moscow's Vnukovo International Airport in March 2009, with the expectation of the addition of another weekly flight once its presence in the Russian market has been consolidated.

</doc>
<doc id="18621845" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18621845" title="Jean-Luc Picard">
Jean-Luc Picard

Captain Jean-Luc Picard () is a "Star Trek" character portrayed by Patrick Stewart. He appears in the television series ' and the feature films "Star Trek Generations", ', ' and '. He also made an appearance in the of "".
Casting and design.
After the success of the contemporary "Star Trek" feature films, a new television series featuring a new cast was announced on October 10, 1986. "Star Trek" creator Gene Roddenberry named Picard for one or both of the twin brothers Auguste Piccard and Jean Felix Piccard, 20th-century Swiss scientists.
Patrick Stewart, who has a background of theatre at the Royal Shakespeare Company, was initially considered for the role of Data; he has said that he would not have been interested in taking a supporting role "to sit around". Roddenberry did not want to cast Stewart as Picard, however; he envisioned an actor who was "masculine, virile, and had a lot of hair". Roddenberry's first choice was Stephen Macht, and it took "weeks of discussion" with Robert H. Justman, Rick Berman, and the casting director to convince him that "Stewart was the one they had been looking for to sit in the captain's chair"; Roddenberry agreed after auditioning every other candidate for the role. Stewart himself was uncertain why the producers would cast "a middle-aged bald English Shakespearean actor" as captain of the "Enterprise". He had his toupee delivered from London to meet with Paramount executives but Roddenberry ordered Stewart to remove the "awful looking" hairpiece. His stentorian voice impressed the executives, who immediately approved the casting. Roddenberry sent Stewart C. S. Forrester's Horatio Hornblower novels, saying the Picard character was based on Hornblower, but Stewart was already familiar with Hornblower, having read the books as a teenager.
As the series progressed, Stewart exercised more control over the character's development. By the time production began on the first "Next Generation" film, "it was impossible to tell where Jean Luc started and Patrick Stewart ended", and by the fourth film, he stated that
Stewart stated, however, that he is not nearly as serious or brooding as his alter ego.
Stewart also stated, "One of the delights of having done this series and played this role is that people are so attracted to the whole idea of "Star Trek"... several years after the series has ended... I enjoy hearing how much people enjoyed the work we did... It's always gratifying to me that this bald, middle-aged Englishman seems to connect with them." Stewart has also commented that his role has helped open up Shakespeare to science fiction fans. He has noted the "regular presence of Trekkies in the audience" whenever he plays theatre, and added: "I meet these people afterwards, I get letters from them and see them at the stage door... And they say, 'I've never seen Shakespeare before, I didn't think I'd understand it, but it was wonderful and I can't wait to come back.'"
Character biography.
Jean-Luc Picard was born to Maurice and Yvette Picard in La Barre, France, on July 13, 2305, and dreamed of joining Starfleet. He and the rest of his family speak English, with English accents—the French language having become obscure by the 24th century, as mentioned in the "Next Generation" episode "". The young Picard failed his first Starfleet Academy entrance exam, but was subsequently admitted and became the first freshman to win the Academy marathon. His academic training in archaeology is mentioned in numerous "" episodes; he continues to pursue archaeology as a hobby and has a strong interest in centuries-old analog devices. He also remarks at one point that he failed a semester of organic chemistry because of a distraction created by romantic issues. Shortly after graduation, Picard was stabbed in the heart by a Nausicaan, leaving the organ irreparable and requiring replacement with a parthenogenetic implant; this would prove near-fatal (or fatal; as Q discussed, life and death are not necessarily absolute concepts) . Picard eventually served as first officer aboard the USS "Stargazer", which he later commanded. During that time, he invented a starship evade and attack tactic that would become known as the Picard Maneuver.
Depicted as deeply moral, highly logical and intelligent, Picard is a master of diplomacy and debate who resolves seemingly intractable issues between multiple, sometimes inplacable parties with a Solomon-like wisdom. Though such resolutions are usually peaceful, Picard is also shown using his remarkable tactical cunning in situations when it is required. Picard has a fondness for detective stories, Shakespearean drama, and archeology. He is frequently shown drinking Earl Grey tea and issuing an order by saying "Make it so." or "Engage".
"" depicts Picard's command of the USS "Enterprise" (NCC-1701-D). The pilot episode shows the ship's mission to investigate a problem at Farpoint Station, which becomes sidetracked when Q makes Picard "representative" in a trial charging humanity with being a "dangerously savage child-race". Picard persuades Q to test humanity, and Q chooses as the test's first stage the crew's performance at Farpoint. The trial "ends" seven years later (when Q reminds Picard that it never does), in the , when humanity is absolved by Picard's demonstration that the species has the capacity to explore the "possibilities of existence".
The third season finale, "", depicts Picard being assimilated by the Borg to serve as a bridge between humanity and the Borg (renamed Locutus of Borg); Picard's assimilation and recovery are a critical point in the character's development, and provided backstory for the film ' and the development of Benjamin Sisko, the protagonist of '. Stewart asked Roddenberry to keep Picard a Borg for a few more episodes beyond the third season finale, as he thought that would be more interesting than simply restoring Picard in Part II. It is later revealed in "First Contact" that parts of Borg machinery were removed from inside Picard, but that he retains traumatic memories of assimilation (which becomes a pivotal plot twist in "Star Trek: First Contact").
The fourth-season episode "" reveals that Picard has a brother, Robert, who took charge of the family vineyards in La Barre after Picard joined Starfleet. Robert and his wife have a young son, René, who is Picard's nephew. In the film "Star Trek Generations", Picard learns that Robert and René have both died in a fire. 
Picard joins forces with legendary "Enterprise" captain James T. Kirk in "Star Trek Generations" to fight the film's villain Dr. Tolian Soran. Commanding the new USS "Enterprise"-E (after the "Enterprise"-D is destroyed in "Generations"), Picard again confronts the Borg in "First Contact." Later, he fights a species' forced relocation in "", and encounters Shinzon, a Romulan-made clone of himself, in "Star Trek Nemesis".
In recent novels by Pocket Books, Picard has married Beverly Crusher, and they have a son named René Jacques Robert Francois Picard. Jean-Luc also corresponds regularly with Marie, his sister-in-law, who still maintains the family vineyards.
Reception.
The character's acclaim among fans of the Next Generation version of the show is near universal, and he is usually considered one of the top two characters to have been Captain on a Starfleet vessel in the series. There are often lengthy and serious debates over who was the "best" Starfleet captain – Picard or James Tiberius Kirk. A 1991 "TV Guide" cover story was titled "It's Kirk vs. Picard: Experts and fans debate who's best." In a more lighthearted take on the debate, the cover of a 1994 MAD Magazine Star Trek special features both Kirk and Picard wrestling childishly to fit into the Enterprise's captain's chair, while Scotty and Worf watch their respective commanders with looks of astonishment. Picard is deemed the ultimate delegator of authority, knowing "how to gather and use data better than any other "Star Trek" captain." His leadership style "is best suited to a large, process-centric, either geographically identical or diverse team". Kirk and Picard are considered to be attentive to the needs of their respective crews. When Stewart and William Shatner were asked in 1991 how their characters would have dealt with Saddam Hussein, Shatner stated that Kirk would "have told him to drop dead" while Stewart joked that Picard "would still be talking." 
UGO Networks listed Picard as one of their best heroes in entertainment, saying, "He doesn't have Kirk's sense of panache, but he did have a tendency to take everything really, really seriously for years".
Other actors.
The character of Jean Luc Picard has also been portrayed by:

</doc>
<doc id="18621863" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18621863" title="Rose Hill Plantation State Historic Site">
Rose Hill Plantation State Historic Site

Rose Hill Plantation State Historic Site is a historic site in Union County, South Carolina, that preserves the home of William H. Gist (1807-1874), the 68th governor of South Carolina. Gist helped instigate a Secession Convention in South Carolina, which led to the creation of the Ordinance of Secession that preceded the Civil War.
William Gist was the natural son of Francis Fincher Gist (c. 1773-1819), a Charleston merchant and South Carolina state representative, who by 1811 had purchased land in Upstate South Carolina. Either Francis Fincher or William Henry built a Georgian-style brick house (c. 1811-1830), eventually called Rose Hill after the many varieties of roses planted in its formal gardens. 
In the late 1850s and early 1860s, William Gist remodeled the house, adding two-tiered back and front porches and stuccoing the brick in order to transform the exterior into the more fashionable Greek revival-style. The final house had three stories, the first two used as living quarters and the third a mixture of living and storage areas. According to the South Carolina Department of Archives and History, Rose Hill featured "more refined ornamentation than usually found in upcountry houses of the period." A spiral staircase led to the second floor, which included a ballroom with two fireplaces so that the space could be converted into two bed chambers to accommodate guests. 
During Gist's term of office (1858-1860), the house served as the governor's mansion. From Rose Hill, Gist wrote the governors of Louisiana, North Carolina, Mississippi, Georgia, Alabama, and Florida, suggesting that if Abraham Lincoln were elected President, South Carolina might take the lead in seceding from the Union.
Rose Hill was a working plantation of between that grew cotton, corn, and oats with slave labor. (There were approximately 20 slaves in 1820, 82 in 1840, and 178 in 1860). After slavery was abolished at the end of the Civil War, the plantation was farmed by tenant farmers and sharecroppers.
Gist died in 1874, but the mansion and land remained in the Gist family, though both were leased to tenants. In 1938 the US Forest Service purchased Rose Hill, and it became part of the Sumter National Forest. In 1942 Clyde T. Franks (1885-1970), a representative of the Federal Land Bank and an antique collector from Laurens, South Carolina, purchased the house and from the Forest Service; and in the following year, he opened the house to the public, restoring it and the gardens and adding period furniture. In 1960, Franks sold the property to the South Carolina State Park Service.
The park includes restrooms, a picnic shelter, and a small gift shop. A brick kitchen built in the 1850s is the only other antebellum structure on the property. The location of the slave quarters is unknown. A one-and-a-quarter mile nature trail runs through both park and Forest Service property and extends to the Tyger River. The Gist family cemetery is about one mile south of the mansion.

</doc>
<doc id="18621864" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18621864" title="Arcanum (Catholic encyclical)">
Arcanum (Catholic encyclical)

Arcanum is a Catholic encyclical written in 1880 by Pope Leo XIII on the topic of Christian marriage. It was considered the forerunner to Pope Pius XI's 1930 Casti Connubii and Pope Paul VI's 1968 Humanae Vitae.
Summary.
Arcanum outlines the role of marriage in modern time, and goes through those actions which weaken the marriage contract such as polygamy and divorce. The encyclical also posits the Church as a protector of marriage, and not one interfering in the marital relationship.

</doc>
<doc id="18621879" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18621879" title="Fat Mike">
Fat Mike

Michael John Burkett (born January 31, 1967), better known as Fat Mike is an American musician, producer, lead vocalist, and bassist for the punk rock band NOFX, as well as bassist for the punk rock supergroup cover band Me First and the Gimme Gimmes and temporary bassist of Against Me!. He was born in Newton, Massachusetts.
Musical career.
While attending Beverly Hills High School, Mike began his musical career with the band False Alarm. After the band split up in 1983, he met Eric Melvin and Erik Sandin and formed the original line-up of NOFX. He has also appeared as a guest-vocalist on a number of other bands' tracks including "Peter Brady" on Screeching Weasel's 1993 album, "Anthem for a New Tomorrow." Other appearances include "Beware" by Randy, "Mr. Coffee" and "Lazy" by Lagwagon, and can be heard heckling and requesting "Free Bird" at the end of the Lunachicks song, "Missed It," off their 1996 album, "Pretty Ugly," which he also produced. Mike is the owner and founder of Fat Wreck Chords, one of the biggest independent labels in North America.
He was also the founder of the Rock Against Bush tour. The purpose was to encourage young Americans to vote against George W. Bush in 2004. Mike recently recorded the "Cokie the Clown" EP with NOFX, playing Cokie on both the cover of the EP and the music video for the title-track, "Cokie the Clown". In the video, Mike dresses as Cokie and puts white powder into his squirting flower, which in the song he describes as "my own special blend of ex, coke, and K" . Cokie then walks around Chicago squirting powder in pedestrians' faces, as chronicled in the song itself. The video was shot during the punk music festival, Riot Fest, in October 2009. Mike appeared in the 2010 music documentary "Sounds Like A Revolution" and also features as an interviewee in the "The Other F Word," an analysis of punk rock fatherhood. He also appears as a guest vocalist on the Dropkick Murphys single "Going Out In Style".
Personal life.
Burkett lives in San Francisco, California. He and his wife Erin divorced in 2010 after 18 years of marriage. They have a daughter named Darla. He attended college at San Francisco State and graduated in 1990 with a bachelor's degree in Social Science and a minor in Human Sexuality. The moniker "Fat Mike" was given to Mike by friends after he returned from college and it was evident that he had gained a little weight. He is of Jewish heritage, but is an atheist.
Fat Mike has made several appearances as Cokie the Clown, but one of his most memorable was at Emo's, a popular nightclub in Austin on March 20, 2010 at the South by Southwest festival. He recounted several graphic and disturbing stories about his life, and played several songs both previously released and unreleased. He also tricked several members of the audience into drinking tequila, before showing them a video of himself filling a partially full bottle of tequila to the top with urine to shocked reactions. The stunt was later revealed as a joke on NOFX's website, which showed Fat Mike switching out the urine bottle for an untainted one before making audience members drink it. Mike has since been banned from Emo's. Fat Mike has been credited with creating the phrase "Nawesome", which means not awesome. Since 2010 Fat Mike has owned a gastropub-style restaurant in the Park Slope neighborhood of Brooklyn, NY called Thistle Hill Tavern. He has been into BDSM for years: he has had a dungeon in his house since 1992.

</doc>
<doc id="18621886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18621886" title="Osvaldo Aquino">
Osvaldo Aquino

Osvaldo Aquino (born 28 January 1952 in San Lorenzo, Paraguay) is a former football midfielder/winger and coach.
Playing career.
Aquino started his career in the youth divisions of Atlético Triunfo and went on to play for several other teams from the San Lorenzo area before signing for Guaraní of the Paraguayan 1st division in 1973. In 1974 he was signed by Olimpia Asunción, where he became one of the most emblematic players of the club by winning several national and international championships in his 10-year career at the club. Aquino's highlights at Olimpia include scoring the first goal in the Copa Libertadores 1979 final against Boca Juniors, winning the Intercontinental Cup in 1979 and winning six consecutive Paraguayan 1st division titles from 1978 to 1983. He finished his career in 1985 playing for San Lorenzo and Cerro Corá.
Aquino was also part of the Paraguay national football team that won the Copa America 1979.
Managerial career.
Aquino received his certification in 1989 and some of his coaching jobs included managing the youth divisions of San Lorenzo, head coach of Atlético Triunfo and member of the technical staff of Club Libertad in 2001 and 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="18621887" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18621887" title="Ted Kaczynski">
Ted Kaczynski

Theodore John "Ted" Kaczynski ( , or ; Polish: "Kaczyński", pronounced ; born May 22, 1942), also known as the "Unabomber," is an American mathematician and serial murderer. He is known for his wide-ranging social critiques, which opposed industrialism and modern technology. Between 1978 and 1995, Kaczynski engaged in a nationwide bombing campaign against people involved with modern technology, planting or mailing numerous home-made bombs, ultimately killing a total of three people and injuring 23 others.
Kaczynski was born and raised in Evergreen Park, Illinois. While growing up in Evergreen Park he was a child prodigy, excelling academically from an early age. Kaczynski was accepted into Harvard University at the age of 16, where he earned an undergraduate degree. He subsequently earned a PhD in mathematics from the University of Michigan. He became an assistant professor at the University of California, Berkeley in 1967 at age 25. He resigned two years later.
In 1971, he moved to a remote cabin without electricity or running water, in Lincoln, Montana, where he lived as a recluse while learning survival skills in an attempt to become self-sufficient. From 1978 to 1995, Kaczynski sent 16 bombs to targets including universities and airlines, killing three people and injuring 23. Kaczynski sent a letter to "The New York Times" on April 24, 1995 and promised "to desist from terrorism" if the "Times" or the "Washington Post" published his manifesto, "Industrial Society and Its Future" (also called the "Unabomber Manifesto"), in which he argued that his bombings were extreme but necessary to attract attention to the erosion of human freedom necessitated by modern technologies requiring large-scale organization.
The Unabomber was the target of one of the Federal Bureau of Investigation's costliest investigations. Before Kaczynski's identity was known, the FBI used the title "UNABOM" (UNiversity & Airline BOMber) to refer to his case, which resulted in the media calling him the Unabomber. The FBI (as well as Attorney General Janet Reno) pushed for the publication of Kaczynski's "Manifesto," which led to his sister-in-law, and then his brother, recognizing Kaczynski's style of writing and beliefs from the manifesto, and tipping off the FBI. Kaczynski tried unsuccessfully to dismiss his court appointed lawyers because they wanted to plead insanity in order to avoid the death penalty, as Kaczynski did not believe he was insane. When it became clear that his pending trial would entail national television exposure for Kaczynski, the court entered a plea agreement, under which he pleaded guilty and was sentenced to life in prison with no possibility of parole. He has been designated a "domestic terrorist" by the FBI. Some anarcho-primitivist authors, such as John Zerzan and John Moore, have come to his defense, while holding some reservations about his actions and ideas.
Early life.
Kaczynski was born on May 22, 1942, in Evergreen Park, Illinois, to second-generation Polish Americans Wanda (née Dombek) and Theodore Richard Kaczynski. At nine months of age, Ted's body was covered in hives. He was placed in isolation in a hospital where visitors were not allowed, as doctors were unsure of the cause of the hives. He was treated several times at the hospital over an eight-month period. His mother wrote in March 1943, "Baby home from hospital and is healthy but quite unresponsive after his experience."
Kaczynski attended grades first through eight in Evergreen Park District 124 Schools. As a result of testing conducted in the fifth grade, which determined he had an IQ of 167, he was allowed to skip the sixth grade and enroll in the seventh grade. Kaczynski described this as a pivotal event in his life. He recalled not fitting in with the older children and being subjected to their bullying. As a child, Kaczynski had a fear of people and buildings, and played beside other children rather than interacting with them. His mother was so worried by his poor social development that she considered entering him in a study for autistic children led by Bruno Bettelheim.
He attended high school at Evergreen Park Community High School. Kaczynski excelled academically, but found the mathematics too simple during his sophomore year. Sometimes he would cut classes and write in his journal in his room. During this period of his life, Kaczynski became obsessed with mathematics, spending prolonged hours locked in his room practicing differential equations. Throughout secondary schooling, Kaczynski had far surpassed his classmates, able to solve advanced Laplace transforms before his senior year. He was subsequently placed in a more advanced mathematics class, yet still felt intellectually restricted. Kaczynski soon mastered the material and skipped the eleventh grade. With the help of a summer school course for English, he completed his high school education when he was 15 years old. He was encouraged to apply to Harvard University, and was subsequently accepted as a student beginning in 1958 at the age of 16. While at Harvard, Kaczynski was taught by famed logician Willard Van Orman Quine, scoring at the top of Quine's class with a 98.9% final grade.
He also participated in a personality assessment study conducted by Dr. Henry Murray, an expert on stress interviews. Students in Murray's study were told they would be debating personal philosophy with a fellow student. Instead, they were subjected to a "purposely brutalizing psychological experiment" stress test, which was an extremely stressful, personal, and prolonged psychological attack. During the test, students were taken into a room and connected to electrodes that monitored their physiological reactions, while facing bright lights and a one-way mirror. Each student had previously written an essay detailing their personal beliefs and aspirations: the essays were turned over to an anonymous attorney, who would enter the room and individually belittle each student based in part on the disclosures they had made. This was filmed, and students' expressions of impotent rage were played back to them several times later in the study. According to author Alston Chase, Kaczynski's records from that period suggest he was emotionally stable when the study began. Kaczynski's lawyers attributed some of his emotional instability and dislike of mind control to his participation in this study. Indeed, some have suggested that this experience may have been instrumental in Kaczynski's future actions.
Career.
Kaczynski graduated from Harvard University in 1962, at age 20, and subsequently enrolled at the University of Michigan, where he earned a PhD in mathematics. Kaczynski's specialty was a branch of complex analysis known as geometric function theory. His professors at Michigan were impressed with his intellect and drive. "He was an unusual person. He was not like the other graduate students", said Peter Duren, one of Kaczynski's math professors at Michigan. "He was much more focused about his work. He had a drive to discover mathematical truth." "It is not enough to say he was smart", said George Piranian, another of his Michigan math professors. Kaczynski earned his PhD with his thesis entitled "Boundary Functions" by solving a problem so difficult that Piranian could not figure it out. Maxwell Reade, a retired math professor who served on Kaczynski's dissertation committee, also commented on his thesis by noting, "I would guess that maybe 10 or 12 men in the country understood or appreciated it." In 1967, Kaczynski won the University of Michigan's $100 Sumner B. Myers Prize, which recognized his dissertation as the school's best in mathematics that year. While a graduate student at Michigan, he held a National Science Foundation fellowship and taught undergraduates for three years. He also published two articles related to his dissertation in mathematical journals, and four more after leaving Michigan.
In late 1967, Kaczynski became an assistant professor of mathematics at the University of California, Berkeley, where he taught undergraduate courses in geometry and calculus. He was also noted as the youngest professor ever hired by the university, but this position proved short-lived. Kaczynski received numerous complaints and low ratings from the undergraduates he taught. Many students noted that he seemed quite uncomfortable in a teaching environment, often stuttering and mumbling during lectures, becoming excessively nervous in front of a class, and ignoring students during designated office hours. Without explanation, he resigned from his position in 1969, at age 26. The chairman of the mathematics department, J. W. Addison, called this a "sudden and unexpected" resignation, while vice chairman Calvin Moore said that given Kaczynski's "impressive" thesis and record of publications, "He could have advanced up the ranks and been a senior member of the faculty today."
Montana.
In mid-1969, Kaczynski moved into his parents' small residence in Lombard, Illinois. Two years later, he moved into a remote cabin he built himself just outside Lincoln, Montana where he lived a simple life on very little money, without electricity or running water. Kaczynski worked odd jobs and received financial support from his family, which he used to purchase his land and, without their knowledge, would later use to fund his bombing campaign. In 1978, he worked briefly with his father and brother at a foam-rubber factory, where he was fired by his brother, David, for harassing a female supervisor he had previously dated who had refused him as a boyfriend for not 'sharing much in common'.
Kaczynski's original goal was to move out to a secluded place and become self-sufficient so that he could live autonomously. He began to teach himself survival skills such as tracking, edible plant identification, and how to construct primitive technologies such as bow drills. He quickly realized that it was not possible for him to live that way, as a result of watching the wild land around him get destroyed by development and industry. He performed isolated acts of sabotage and initially targeted the developments near his cabin. The ultimate catalyst which drove him to begin his campaign of bombings was when he went out for a walk to one of his favorite wild spots, only to find that it had been destroyed and replaced with a road. About this, he said:
He began dedicating himself to reading about sociology and books on political philosophy, such as the works of Jacques Ellul, and also stepped up his campaign of sabotage. He soon came to the conclusion that more violent methods would be the only solution to what he saw as the problem of industrial civilization. He says that he lost faith in the idea of reform, and saw violent collapse as the only way to bring down the techno-industrial system. Regarding his switch from being a reformer of the system to developing a means of taking it down, he said:
Bombings.
Initial bombings.
Kaczynski's activities came to the attention of the FBI in 1978 with the explosion of his first, primitive homemade bomb. Over the next 17 years, he mailed or hand-delivered a series of increasingly sophisticated explosive devices that killed three people and injured 23 more.
The first mail bomb was sent in late May 1978 to materials engineering professor Buckley Crist at Northwestern University. The package was found in a parking lot at the University of Illinois at Chicago, with Crist's return address. The package was "returned" to Crist, but when Crist received the package, he noticed that it was not addressed in his own handwriting. Suspicious of a package he had not sent, he contacted campus policeman Terry Marker, who opened the package, which exploded immediately. Marker required medical assistance at Evanston Hospital for injuries to his left hand.
The bomb was made of metal that could have come from a home workshop. The primary component was a piece of metal pipe, about in diameter and long. The bomb contained smokeless explosive powders, and the box and the plugs that sealed the pipe ends were handcrafted from wood. In comparison, most pipe bombs usually use threaded metal ends sold in many hardware stores. Wooden ends lack the strength to allow significant pressure to build within the pipe, explaining why the bomb did not cause severe damage. The primitive trigger device that the bomb employed was a nail, tensioned by rubber bands designed to slam into six common match heads when the box was opened. The match heads would burst into flame and ignite the explosive powders. When the trigger hit the match heads, only three ignited. A more efficient technique, later employed by Kaczynski, was to use batteries and heat filament wire to ignite the explosives faster and more effectively.
The initial 1978 bombing was followed by bombs sent to airline officials, and in 1979 a bomb was placed in the cargo hold of American Airlines Flight 444, a Boeing 727 flying from Chicago to Washington, D.C. The bomb began smoking, forcing the pilot to make an emergency landing. Some passengers were treated for smoke inhalation. Only a faulty timing mechanism prevented the bomb from exploding. Authorities said it had enough power to "obliterate the plane."
As bombing an airliner is a federal crime in the United States, the FBI became involved after this incident and derived the code name UNABOM (UNiversity and Airline BOMber). U.S. Postal Inspectors, who initially had the case, called the suspect the Junkyard Bomber because of the material used to make the mail bombs. In 1979, an FBI-led task force that included the ATF and U.S. Postal Inspection Service was formed to investigate the case. The task force grew to more than 150 full-time investigators, analysts, and others. This team made every possible forensic examination of recovered components of the explosives and studied the lives of victims in minute detail. These efforts proved of little use in identifying the suspect, who built his bombs essentially from "scrap" materials available almost anywhere. The victims, investigators later learned, were chosen irregularly from library research.
In 1980, chief agent John Douglas, working with agents in the FBI's Behavioral Sciences Unit, issued a psychological profile of the unidentified bomber which described the offender as a man with above-average intelligence with connections to academia. This profile was later refined to characterize the offender as a neo-Luddite holding an academic degree in the hard sciences, but this psychologically based profile was discarded in 1983 in favor of an alternative theory developed by FBI analysts concentrating on the physical evidence in recovered bomb fragments. In this rival profile, the bomber suspect was characterized as a blue-collar airplane mechanic. A 1-800 hotline was set up by the UNABOM Task Force to take any calls related to the Unabomber investigation, with a $1 million reward for anyone who could provide information leading to the Unabomber's capture.
Casualties.
The first serious injury occurred in 1985, when John Hauser, a graduate student and Captain in the United States Air Force, lost four fingers and vision in one eye. The bomb, like others of Kaczynski's, was handcrafted and made with wooden parts.
Hugh Scrutton, a 38-year-old California computer store owner, was killed in 1985 by a nail-and-splinter-loaded bomb placed in the parking lot of his store. A similar attack against a computer store occurred in Salt Lake City, Utah on February 20, 1987. The bomb, which was disguised as a piece of lumber, injured Gary Wright when he attempted to remove it from the store's parking lot. The explosion severed nerves in Wright's left arm and propelled more than 200 pieces of shrapnel into his body. Kaczynski's brother, David—who would play a vital role in Ted's looming capture by alerting federal authorities to the prospect of his brother's being involved in the Unabomber cases—sought out and became friends with Wright after Ted was detained in 1996. David Kaczynski and Wright have remained friends and occasionally speak together publicly about their relationship.
After a six-year break, Kaczynski struck again in 1993, mailing a bomb to David Gelernter, a computer science professor at Yale University. Though critically injured, Gelernter eventually recovered. Another bomb mailed in the same weekend was sent to the home of Charles Epstein from the University of California, San Francisco, who lost multiple fingers upon opening it. Kaczynski then called Gelernter's brother, Joel Gelernter, a behavioral geneticist, and told him, "You are next." Geneticist Phillip Sharp at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology also received a threatening letter two years later. Kaczynski wrote a letter to "The New York Times" claiming that his "group", called FC, was responsible for the attacks.
In 1994, Burson-Marsteller executive Thomas J. Mosser was killed by a mail bomb sent to his North Caldwell, New Jersey home. In another letter to "The New York Times" Kaczynski claimed that FC "blew up Thomas Mosser because [...] Burston-Marsteller helped Exxon clean up its public image after the Exxon Valdez incident" and, more importantly, because "its business is the development of techniques for manipulating people's attitudes." This was followed by the 1995 murder of Gilbert Murray, president of the timber industry lobbying group California Forestry Association, by a mail bomb addressed to previous president William Dennison, who had retired.
In all, 16 bombs—which injured 23 people and killed three—were attributed to Kaczynski. While the devices varied widely through the years, all but the first few contained the initials "FC". Inside his bombs, certain parts carried the inscription "FC", which Kaczynski later asserted stood for "Freedom Club". Latent fingerprints on some of the devices did not match the fingerprints found on letters attributed to Kaczynski. As stated in the FBI affidavit:
One of Kaczynski's tactics was leaving false clues in every bomb. He would make them hard to find deliberately to mislead investigators into thinking they had a clue. The first clue was a metal plate stamped with the initials "FC" hidden somewhere (usually in the pipe end cap) in every bomb. One false clue he left was a note in a bomb that did not detonate which reads "Wu—It works! I told you it would—RV". A more obvious clue was the Eugene O'Neill $1 stamps used to send his boxes. One of his bombs was sent embedded in a copy of Sloan Wilson’s novel "Ice Brothers".
The FBI theorized that Kaczynski had a theme of nature, trees and wood in his crimes. He often included bits of tree branch and bark in his bombs. Targets selected included Percy Wood, Professor Leroy Wood Bearson and Thomas Mosser. Crime writer Robert Graysmith noted "In the Unabomber's case a large factor was his obsession with wood."
"Industrial Society and Its Future".
In 1995, Kaczynski mailed several letters, including some to his victims and others to major media outlets, outlining his goals and demanding that his 50-plus page, 35,000-word essay "Industrial Society and Its Future", abbreviated to "Unabomber Manifesto" by the FBI, be printed verbatim by a major newspaper or journal. He stated that if this demand were met, he would then end his bombing campaign. The document was a densely written manifesto that called for a worldwide revolution against the effects of modern society's "industrial-technological system". There was a great deal of controversy as to whether the document should be published. A further letter threatening to kill more people was sent, and the United States Department of Justice, along with FBI Director Louis Freeh and Attorney General Janet Reno, recommended publication out of concern for public safety and in hopes that a reader could identify the author. Bob Guccione of "Penthouse" volunteered to publish it, but Kaczynski replied that, since "Penthouse" was less "respectable" than the other publications, he would in that case "reserve the right to plant one (and only one) bomb intended to kill, after our manuscript has been published." The pamphlet was finally published by "The New York Times" and "The Washington Post" on September 19, 1995. "Penthouse" never published it.
Throughout the manuscript, produced on a typewriter without the capacity for italics, Kaczynski capitalizes entire words in order to show emphasis. He always refers to himself as either "we" or "FC" (Freedom Club), though there is no evidence that he worked with others. Donald Foster, who analyzed the writing at the request of Kaczynski's defense, notes that the manuscript contains instances of irregular spelling and hyphenation, as well as other consistent linguistic idiosyncrasies (which led him to conclude that it was indeed Kaczynski who wrote it).
"Industrial Society and Its Future" begins with Kaczynski's assertion that "the Industrial Revolution and its consequences have been a disaster for the human race." The first sections of the text are devoted to discussion of the psychology of various groups—primarily leftists (viewed from a psychological stand point; which he describes as people who are over-socialized and having feelings of inferiority 9)—and of the psychological consequences for individual life within the "industrial-technological system", which has robbed contemporary humans of their autonomy, diminished their rapport with nature, and forced them "to behave in ways that are increasingly remote from the natural pattern of human behavior." The later sections speculate about the future evolution of this system, arguing that it will inevitably lead to the end of human freedom, call for a "revolution against technology", and attempt to indicate how that might be accomplished.
Political and social views.
In his opening and closing sections, Kaczynski addresses Leftism as a movement and analyzes the psychology of leftists, arguing that they are "True Believers in Eric Hoffer's sense" who participate in a powerful social movement to compensate for their lack of personal power. He further claims that leftism as a movement is led by a particular minority of leftists whom he calls "oversocialized":
He goes on to explain how the nature of leftism is determined by the psychological consequences of "oversocialization". Kaczynski "attribute the social and psychological problems of modern society to the fact that society requires people to live under conditions radically different from those under which the human race evolved and to behave in ways that conflict with the patterns of behavior that the human race developed while living under the earlier conditions." He further specifies the primary cause of a long list of social and psychological problems in modern society as the disruption of the "power process", which he defines as having four elements:
Kaczynski goes on to claim that "n modern industrial society natural human drives tend to be pushed into the first and third groups, and the second group tends to consist increasingly of artificially created drives." Among these drives are "surrogate activities", activities "directed toward an artificial goal that people set up for themselves merely in order to have some goal to work toward, or let us say, merely for the sake of the 'fulfillment' that they get from pursuing the goal". He argues that these surrogate activities are not as satisfactory as the attainment of "real goals" for "many, if not most people".
He claims that scientific research is a surrogate activity for scientists, and that for this reason "science marches on blindly, without regard to the real welfare of the human race or to any other standard, obedient only to the psychological needs of the scientists and of the government officials and corporation executives who provide the funds for research."
Kaczynski developed his philosophical ideas early in life, and up to the moment of the bombings, carried on an extensive on-going debate with his brother David. Ted identified strongly with positivism, meaning that he strongly believed in an objective reality and that through sensory experience and analysis of this, one can obtain authentic knowledge.
Kaczynski, throughout most of his earlier years (the 1960s, deconstructivism, a distrust of "the system", a desire for revolution) remained "the intellectual outsider" and considered himself more important than others.
Perceived control methods.
As mentioned above, the result of the "disruption of the power process" is the primary cause of various maladies in society (e.g., crime, depression, etc.). Kaczynski maintains that rather than recognizing that humans currently live in "conditions that make them terribly unhappy," "the system" (i.e., industrial society) develops ways of controlling human responses to the overly stressful environment in which they find themselves.
The following are current examples (according to Kaczynski) of this trend:
Historical views and predictions.
In the last sections of the manifesto, Kaczynski carefully defines what he means by freedom and provides an argument that it would "be hopelessly difficult [...] to reform the industrial system in such a way as to prevent it from progressively narrowing our sphere of freedom". He says that "in spite of all its technical advances relating to human behavior the system to date has not been impressively successful in controlling human beings" and predicts that "f the system succeeds in acquiring sufficient control over human behavior quickly enough, it will probably survive. Otherwise it will break down" and that "the issue will most likely be resolved within the next several decades, say 40 to 100 years." He gives various dystopian possibilities for the type of society which would evolve in the former case. He claims that revolution, unlike reform, is possible, and calls on sympathetic readers to initiate such revolution using two strategies: to "heighten the social stresses within the system so as to increase the likelihood that it will break down" and to "develop and propagate an ideology that opposes technology". He gives various tactical recommendations, including avoiding the assumption of political power, avoiding all collaboration with leftists, and supporting free trade agreements in order to bind the world economy into a more fragile, unified whole.
Related works and influences.
As a critique of technological society, the manifesto echoed contemporary critics of technology and industrialization, such as John Zerzan, Herbert Marcuse, Fredy Perlman, Jacques Ellul (whose book "The Technological Society" was referenced in an unnamed Kaczynski essay, written in 1971), Lewis Mumford, and Neil Postman. Its idea of the "disruption of the power process" similarly echoed social critics emphasizing the lack of meaningful work as a primary cause of social problems, including Lewis Mumford, Paul Goodman, and Eric Hoffer (whom Kaczynski explicitly references). The general theme was also addressed by Aldous Huxley in his dystopian novel "Brave New World", which Kaczynski references. The ideas of "oversocialization" and "surrogate activities" recall Freud's "Civilization and Its Discontents" and his theories of rationalization and sublimation (the latter term being used three times in the manifesto, twice in quotes, to describe surrogate activities).
In a "Wired" article on the dangers of technology, titled "Why The Future Doesn't Need Us", Bill Joy, cofounder of Sun Microsystems, quoted Ray Kurzweil's "The Age of Spiritual Machines", which quoted a passage by Kaczynski on types of society that might develop if human labor were entirely replaced by artificial intelligence. Joy wrote that, although Kaczynski's actions were "murderous, and, in my view, criminally insane", that, "as difficult as it is for me to acknowledge, I saw some merit in the reasoning in this single passage. I felt compelled to confront it."
Anders Behring Breivik, the Norwegian self-admitted perpetrator of the July 22, 2011 bombing and massacre in Norway, published a manifesto in which large chunks of text were copied and pasted from the manifesto of Kaczynski, with certain terms substituted (e.g., replacing "leftists" with "cultural Marxists" and "multiculturalists").
Bombshell (Southern Methodist University Press, 2001), a novel by Liza Wieland, is a fictional depiction of Kaczynski's life and activities. In Wieland's version of events, a bomber named The Professor has a daughter who recognizes her father's writing and struggles with her moral and familial obligations.
Search.
Before the publication of the manifesto, Theodore Kaczynski's brother, David Kaczynski, was encouraged by his wife Linda to follow up on suspicions that Ted was the Unabomber. David Kaczynski was at first dismissive, but progressively began to take the likelihood more seriously after reading the manifesto a week after it was published in September 1995. David Kaczynski browsed through old family papers and found letters dating back to the 1970s written by Ted and sent to newspapers protesting the abuses of technology and which contained phrasing similar to what was found in the Unabomber Manifesto.
Prior to the publishing of the manifesto, the FBI held numerous press conferences requesting the help of the public in identifying the Unabomber. They were convinced that the bomber was from the Chicago area (where he began his bombings), had worked or had some connection in Salt Lake City, and by the 1990s was associated with the San Francisco Bay Area. This geographical information, as well as the wording in excerpts from the manifesto that were released prior to the entire manifesto being published, was what had persuaded David Kaczynski's wife, Linda, to urge her husband to read the manifesto.
After the manifesto was published, the FBI received over a thousand calls a day for months in response to the offer of a $1 million reward for information leading to the identity of the Unabomber. There were also large numbers of letters mailed to the UNABOM Task Force that purported to be from the Unabomber, and thousands of suspect leads were sifted through. While the FBI was occupied with new leads, David Kaczynski first hired private investigator Susan Swanson in Chicago to investigate Ted's activities discreetly. The Kaczynski brothers had become estranged in 1990, and David had not seen Ted for ten years. David later hired Washington, D.C. attorney Tony Bisceglie to organize evidence acquired by Swanson and make contact with the FBI, given the likely difficulty in attracting the FBI's attention. He wanted to protect his brother from the danger of an FBI raid, like Ruby Ridge or the Waco Siege, since he assumed Ted would not take kindly to being contacted by the FBI and would likely react irrationally or violently.
In early 1996, former FBI hostage negotiator and criminal profiler Clinton R. Van Zandt was contacted by an investigator working with Tony Bisceglie. Bisceglie asked Van Zandt to compare the manifesto to typewritten copies of handwritten letters David had received from his brother. Van Zandt's initial analysis determined that there was better than a 60 percent chance that the same person had written the letters as well as the manifesto, which had been in public circulation for half a year. Van Zandt's second analytical team determined an even higher likelihood that the letters and the manifesto were the product of the same author. He recommended that Bisceglie's client immediately contact the FBI.
In February 1996, Bisceglie provided a copy of the 1971 essay written by Ted Kaczynski to the FBI. At the UNABOM Task Force headquarters in San Francisco, Supervisory Special Agent Joel Moss immediately recognized similarities in the writings. Linguistic analysis determined that the author of the essay papers and the manifesto were almost certainly the same. When combined with facts gleaned from the bombings and Kaczynski’s life, that analysis provided the basis for a search warrant.
David Kaczynski had attempted to remain anonymous at the outset but he was swiftly identified, and within a few days, an FBI agent team was dispatched to interview David and his wife with their attorney in Washington, D.C. At this and subsequent meetings with the team, David provided letters written by his brother in their original envelopes, so the use of postmark dates enabled the enhancement of the timeline of Ted Kaczynski's activities being developed by the Task Force. David developed a respectful relationship with the primary Task Force behavioral analyst, Special Agent Kathleen M. Puckett, with whom he met many times in Washington, D.C., Texas, Chicago, and Schenectady, New York, over the nearly two months before the federal search warrant was served on Theodore Kaczynski's cabin.
David Kaczynski had once admired and emulated his older brother, but had later decided to leave the survivalist lifestyle behind. He had received assurances from the FBI that he would remain anonymous and that his brother would not learn who had turned him in, but his identity was leaked to CBS News in early April 1996. CBS anchorman Dan Rather called FBI director Louis Freeh, who requested 24 hours before CBS broke the story on the evening news. The FBI scrambled to finish the search warrant and have it issued by a federal judge in Montana; afterwards, an internal leak investigation was conducted by the FBI, but the source of the leak was never identified. In 1996 the Evergreen Park Community High School District #231 was also placed on lockdown while FBI agents searched Theodore Kaczynski's school records. At the end of that school day, students were greeted by reporters asking how they felt about going to the same high school the Unabomber had attended. That night the news story was released to public.
Paragraphs 204 and 205 of the FBI search and arrest warrant for Ted Kaczynski stated that "experts"—many of them academics consulted by the FBI—believed the manifesto had been written by "another individual, not Theodore Kaczynski". As stated in the affidavit, only a handful of people believed Theodore Kaczynski was the Unabomber before the search warrant revealed the cornucopia of evidence in Kaczynski's isolated cabin. The search warrant affidavit written by FBI Inspector Terry D. Turchie reflects this conflict, and is striking evidence of the opposition to Turchie and his small cadre of FBI agents that included Moss and Puckett—who were convinced Theodore Kaczynski was the Unabomber—from the rest of the UNABOM Task Force and the FBI in general:
Arrest.
FBI officers arrested Theodore Kaczynski on April 3, 1996, at his remote cabin outside Lincoln, Montana, where he was found in an unkempt state. Combing his cabin, the investigators found a wealth of bomb components, 40,000 handwritten journal pages that included bomb-making experiments and descriptions of the Unabomber crimes; and one live bomb, ready for mailing. They also found what appeared to be the original typed manuscript of the manifesto. By this point, the Unabomber had been the target of one of the most expensive investigations in the FBI's history.
After his capture, Kaczynski was among the several individuals who had been suspected of being the unidentified Zodiac Killer. Among the links that raised suspicion were the fact that Kaczynski lived in the San Francisco Bay Area from 1967 to 1969 (the same period that most of the Zodiac's confirmed killings occurred in California), both individuals were highly intelligent with an interest in bombs and codes, and both writing letters to newspapers demanding the publication of their words with the threat of continued violence toward others if the demand was not met. However, his whereabouts could not be verified for all of the killings, and the gun and knife murders committed by the Zodiac Killer differ from Kaczynski's bombings, so he was not further pursued as a suspect. Robert Graysmith of San Francisco, author of the 1986 book "Zodiac", said the similarities are "fascinating" but undoubtedly purely coincidental.
In 1996, a docudrama was produced titled "Unabomber: The True Story", featuring actors Dean Stockwell as Ben Jeffries, Robert Hays as David Kaczynski and Tobin Bell as Theodore Kaczynski. In this film a determined postal inspector was followed as he tracked down the suspect and also centered on Kaczynski's brother, who played a key role in the investigation.
Court proceedings.
Kaczynski's lawyers, headed by Montana federal defender Michael Donahoe, attempted to enter an insanity defense to save Kaczynski's life, but Kaczynski rejected this plea. A court-appointed psychiatrist diagnosed Kaczynski as suffering from paranoid schizophrenia, but declared him competent to stand trial. Kaczynski's family said Ted would psychologically "shut down" when pressured. In the book, "Technological Slavery", Kaczynski recalls two prison psychologists, Dr. James Watterson and Dr. Michael Morrison, who visited him almost every day for a period of four years, who told him that they saw no indication that he suffered from any such serious mental illness, and that the diagnosis of his being paranoid schizophrenic was "ridiculous" and a "political diagnosis." Dr. Morrison made remarks to him about psychologists and psychiatrists providing any desired diagnosis if they are well paid for doing so.
A federal grand jury indicted Kaczynski in April 1996 on 10 counts of illegally transporting, mailing, and using bombs. He was also charged with killing Scrutton, Mosser, and Murray. Initially, the government prosecution team indicated that it would seek the death penalty for Kaczynski after it was authorized by United States Attorney General Janet Reno. David Kaczynski's attorney asked the former FBI agent who made the match between the Unabomber's manifesto and Kaczynski to ask for leniency—he was horrified to think that turning his brother in might result in his brother's death. Eventually, Kaczynski was able to avoid the death penalty by pleading guilty to all the government's charges, on January 22, 1998. Later, Kaczynski attempted to withdraw his guilty plea, arguing it was involuntary. Judge Garland Ellis Burrell Jr. denied his request. The United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit upheld that decision.
The early hunt for the Unabomber in the United States portrayed a perpetrator far different from the eventual suspect. The Unabomber Manifesto consistently uses "we" and "our" throughout, and at one point in 1993 investigators sought an individual whose first name was "Nathan", due to a fragment of a note found in one of the bombs. However, when the case was finally presented to the public, authorities denied that there was ever anyone other than Kaczynski involved in the crimes. Explanations were later presented as to why Kaczynski targeted some of the victims he selected.
On August 10, 2006, Judge Garland Burrell Jr. ordered that personal items seized in 1996 from Kaczynski's Montana cabin should be sold at a "reasonably advertised Internet auction." Items the government considers to be bomb-making materials, such as writings that contain diagrams and "recipes" for bombs, were excluded from the sale. The auctioneer paid the cost and kept up to 10% of the sale price, and the rest of the proceeds must be applied to the $15 million in restitution that Burrell ordered Kaczynski to pay his victims.
Included among Kaczynski's holdings which were auctioned are his original writings, journals, correspondences, and other documents allegedly found in his cabin (for example, a copy of Strunk & White's "The Elements of Style"). The judge ordered that all references in those documents that allude to any of his victims must be removed before they were sold. Kaczynski challenged those ordered redactions in court on First Amendment grounds, arguing that any alteration of his writings is an unconstitutional violation of his freedom of speech.
The auction concluded in June, 2011, and raised over $232,000.
Prison.
Kaczynski is serving a life sentence without the possibility of parole as Federal Bureau of Prisons register number 04475-046 at ADX Florence, the federal Administrative Maximum Facility supermax in Florence, Colorado. When asked if he was afraid of losing his mind in prison, Kaczynski replied:
Kaczynski has been an active writer in prison. The Labadie Collection, part of the University of Michigan's Special Collections Library, houses Kaczynski's correspondence from over 400 people since his arrest in April 1996, including carbon copy replies, legal documents, publications, and clippings. The names of most correspondents will be kept sealed until 2049. Kaczynski has also been battling in federal court in Northern California over the auction of his journals and other correspondence. On January 10, 2009, the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit in San Francisco rejected Kaczynski's arguments that the government's sale of his writings violates his freedom of expression. His writings, books, and other possessions were sold online, and the money raised was sent to several of his victims.
Kaczynski's cabin was removed and stored in a warehouse in an undisclosed location. It was to be destroyed, but was eventually given to Scharlette Holdman, an investigator on Kaczynski's defense team. It is on display at the Newseum in Washington, D.C. as of July 2008. In a three-page handwritten letter to the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit, Kaczynski objected to the public exhibition of the cabin, claiming it was being exhibited despite victims' objections to being publicly connected with the UNABOM case.
In a letter dated October 7, 2005, Kaczynski offered to donate two rare books to the Melville J. Herskovits Library of African Studies at Northwestern University's campus in Evanston, Illinois, the location of the first two attacks. The recipient, David Easterbrook, turned the letter over to the university's archives. Northwestern rejected the offer, noting that the library already owned the volumes in English and did not desire duplicates.
David Kaczynski, Theodore's brother, who turned him in to the FBI, has never received a response to the monthly letters he sends to Theodore in prison, as of 2007.
In 2010, a collection of his essays and a corrected version of the Manifesto were published by Feral House, under the title "Technological Slavery".
On May 24, 2012, Kaczynski submitted his current information to the Harvard University alumni association. He listed his eight life sentences as achievements, his current occupation as prisoner, and his current address as No. 04475-046, US Penitentiary—Max, P.O. Box 8500, Florence, CO 81226-8500.

</doc>
<doc id="18621905" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18621905" title="Antoinette Spolar">
Antoinette Spolar

Antoinette Spolar is an American actress who is best known for playing the role of Larry David's receptionist on the hit HBO series "Curb Your Enthusiasm". She has made many guest appearances on shows such as "Friends" and "Cow and Chicken". She was also an impersonator on "Invader Zim". The celebrities she impersonated were Haylie Duff, Sheryl Crow, and Edie McClurg.

</doc>
<doc id="18621939" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18621939" title="Battletoads">
Battletoads

Battletoads is a video game media franchise by Rare that began with the original beat 'em up game "Battletoads" in 1991. Starring three anthropomorphic toads named after skin conditions, Rash, Zitz, and Pimple, the series was created to rival the "Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles" games. The series as a whole has been quite popular and at its apex spawned an animated television pilot.
The initial "Battletoads" game for the NES was renowned for its difficulty, but was well received and spawned sequels for various platforms including a crossover with the "Double Dragon series". In each of the games, the objective is to defeat the toads' nemesis the Dark Queen and her army of space mutants. Most titles in the series do not feature all three toads as playable characters, with one or two members of the team being captured by the Dark Queen. The exceptions to this were "Battletoads & Double Dragon" and the "Battletoads" arcade game.
Video games.
A canceled sequel/remake game was being developed for the Game Boy Advance while Rare was still owned by Nintendo. In 2013, Phil Spencer, from Microsoft's Xbox team, mentioned his fondness of "Battletoads" while asking the fans what games RARE should work on for the Xbox One. 
Cartoon.
"Battletoads" spun-off a Canadian half-hour animated television special produced by DIC Entertainment that aired in syndication in the United States on the weekend of Thanksgiving 1992 in an attempt to capitalize on the popularity of the "Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles" (DiC would try this again later on by producing "Street Sharks" and then later "Extreme Dinosaurs"). However, only the pilot episode made it to the airwaves; it was never picked up as a full animated series, despite comic-style ads in "GamePro" magazine claiming otherwise. A VHS tape with the pilot was released in the United States on January 15, 1994.
The story served as a prequel to the video game franchise. Set in Oxnard, California, it stars three junior high schoolers (despite the fact that the comic's story revolved around three video game testers). The trio is given the ability to transform into anthropomorphic toads with superhuman strength and the ability to change their arms and legs into weapons in techniques called "Smash Hits". They are charged with protecting Professor T. Bird and Princess Angelica from the Dark Queen, who wants to steal Angelica's magical amulet for her plans of universal conquest.
The cartoon was developed and written by Phil Harnage and David Wise (Wise has no relation to the "Battletoads" video games composer of the same name but was the main writer of the 1987 "Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles" TV cartoon series). A comic with the backstory of "Battletoads", written by Rare employee Guy Miller, was also published in "Nintendo Power".
Reception.
In 2010, "Game Informer" included "Battletoads" among ten gaming franchises that deserve a revival, and precisely, "a true HD sequel". In 2012, "Forbes" listed it as one of five video game franchises "that need to come back from the dead", adding that a modern "Battletoads" "should retain its side-scroller qualities while adopting the 2.5D style" similar to "Mark of the Ninja". The series' return was also demanded by others, including "Complex" and "Maxim".
On the other hand, the animated version of "Battletoads" was very badly received. It was included on the lists of five "worst one-shot TV cartoons ever made" by Topless Robot in 2008 and eight "awful TV shows that were clearly doomed to fail" by WhatCulture in 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="18621948" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18621948" title="Rex Damschroder">
Rex Damschroder

Rex Damschroder is an American politician who has been a member of the Ohio House of Representatives since 2011. He was also a member from 1995 to 2003. Damschroder is the son of Gene Damschroder, who held the same House seat from 1973 to 1983.
Career.
Damschroder has owned several small business throughout the community, and is a licensed realtor. He has served on Fremont City Council and at Terra Community College on the Board of Trustees. He is a graduate of Bowling Green State University and Tiffin University.
Ohio House of Representatives.
Damschroder was elected to the Ohio House of Representatives in 1994, representing the 89th district which included parts of Sandusky County and Seneca Counties. He served from 1995 to 2003, when he was required to step down due to term limits.
In 2002, Damschroder unsuccessfully challenged incumbent Congressman Paul Gillmor in the 5th congressional district Republican primary. After that, he remained out of the political realm for eight years. 
However, with successor Jeff Wagner termed out in 2010, Damschroder made a comeback. He faced primary opposition from Merrill Keiser and Holly Stacy, but won the nomination with 59.88% of the vote. In the general election, Democrats placed high hopes on Seneca County, Ohio Commissioner Ben Nutter, but Damschroder defeated him with 55.31% of the vote. 
Damschroder was sworn in for his fifth term on January 3, 2011. He is serving on the committees of Agriculture and Natural Resources, State Government and Elections, and Transportation, Public Safety and Homeland Security (as vice chair). 
In late March 2011, Damschroder suffered from a heart attack and received triple bypass heart surgery two days later.
With Senator Karen Gillmor resigning her seat, Damschroder had been named as a possible successor. However, it was announced later that he would not seek the appointment.
Damschroder ran for reelection in 2012, facing opposition from Democratic nominee Bill Young. Damschroder defeated Young by 55.6% to 44.4%, winning reelection.
On February 13, 2014, Damschroder announced he was withdrawing his re-election bid after a problem with his petitions would have caused his candidacy to be invalid. No other candidate filed for the race, and Damschroder said he was looking at all his options to get back on the ballot, including running as a write-in candidate. His wife Rhonda will be running as a write-in candidate in the Republican primary, facing opposition from Bill Reineke, Jr., a local businessman. If Rhonda wins the primary election, Rex will replace her as the Republican candidate in the general election.
Initiatives and positions.
Damschroder has proposed legislation that would ban reading or writing on any digital device while driving. It passed the House almost unanimously. He has rejected the notion that it takes away from personal freedoms.
With the Ohio Statehouse adding a full service bar to their existing restaurant, Damschroder came out in opposition of serving alcohol at the Statehouse.
Damschroder is currently working to prevent high voltage power lines from being erected through a nature preserve known as Peninsular Farms in Fremont, Ohio.[http://www.toledoblade.com/local/2013/02/17/Local-conservationists-decry-planned-siting-of-power-lines.html]

</doc>
<doc id="18621969" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18621969" title="New York State Engineer and Surveyor">
New York State Engineer and Surveyor

The New York State Engineer and Surveyor was a state cabinet officer in the State of New York between 1848 and 1926. During the re-organization of the state government under Governor Al Smith, the office was abolished and its responsibilities transferred to the Department of Public Works which was absorbed in 1967 by the New York State Department of Transportation.
History.
The office was established as Surveyor General in 1781.
Until 1822, the Surveyor General was appointed by the Council of Appointment for an indefinite term. The second holder of the office, Simeon De Witt, was considered the most qualified person for the office, and was re-appointed without regard to party politics. Even the Bucktails did not oust him when they were struggling with his first cousin DeWitt Clinton. The office was at first mostly occupied with surveying the uncharted area of the State and issuing official maps. In 1817, the Surveyor General became a member of the Erie Canal Commission.
From 1823 to 1845, the Surveyor General was elected by joint ballot of the New York State Legislature for a term of three years. Simeon De Witt was re-elected in 1823, 1826, 1829 and 1832, and died in office in 1834.
The Constitution of 1846 renamed the office as State Engineer and Surveyor, and the office's major concern was to be the supervision of the maintenance and enlargement of the Canal network. The candidates were required to be practical engineers.
From 1847 on, the State Engineer and the other state cabinet officers were elected by the voters at the state elections in November in odd years to a two-year term, so that, until 1877, they served in the second half of the term of the governor in office and the first half of the term of the succeeding governor, since the governors at the time were elected to a two-year term in even years. From 1877 on, the Governor served a three-year term, while the State Engineer continued to be elected for two years. The State Engineer elected in 1895 received an additional year and served a three-year term, and from 1898 on, the State Engineer and other state officers were elected in even years to a two-year term at the same time as the Governor, and they served concurrently.

</doc>
<doc id="18621974" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18621974" title="Cement and its applications">
Cement and its applications

Cement and its Applications was founded over a hundred years ago and is a privately owned independent trade magazine dealing with the problems of production and application of cement in Russia, in all the newly independent states on the territory of the former USSR and in other countries of the world. The magazine, which is the only cement specialist Russian-language periodical, works in close co-operation with cement plants and holding companies, equipment manufacturers, producers of concretes, dry construction mixes and other cement products users, as well as with research and design institutes and institutions of higher education, all of those being its major subscribers.
Great attention is paid to the problems of cement plants development, capital flow and economic issues of Russian and international industry.
The magazine is distributed all over Russia, CIS countries and abroad. It is published bimonthly with news and analytical materials in English.

</doc>
<doc id="18621983" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18621983" title="HMS Hampton Court (1709)">
HMS Hampton Court (1709)

HMS "Hampton Court" was a 70-gun third rate ship of the line of the Royal Navy, built at Rotherhithe according to the 1706 Establishment and launched on 19 August 1709.
The "Hampton Court" was part of Vice-Admiral Edward Vernon's fleet and took part in the expedition to Cartagena de Indias during the War of Jenkin's Ear.
On 12 December 1741 orders were issued for "Hampton Court" to be taken to pieces and rebuilt at Deptford Dockyard as a 64-gun third rate to the 1741 proposals of the 1719 Establishment. She was relaunched on 3 April 1744.
"Hampton Court" remained in service until 1744, when she was broken up.

</doc>
<doc id="18621992" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18621992" title="Sal, Cape Verde (municipality)">
Sal, Cape Verde (municipality)

Sal is a Cape Verdean municipality. It encompasses all the Sal island. The municipality includes only one parish, Nossa Senhora das Dores.
Economy.
Sal’s main town, Vila dos Espargos, is home to one of the nation’s international airports and has around 8,000 inhabitants. Its population grew around salt collection and later shifted to fishing, but is now based on tourism (amounting to 50% of the archipelago’s tourism) at the beach resort of Santa Maria.
Its airport, Amílcar Cabral International Airport, was used as a refuelling base by South African Airways on its Johannesburg to London routes. Later, flights to and from New York and Atlanta also refuelled there, and the island was a crew-change station. SAA established the long runways needed by the fully fueled Boeing 707s on their take-offs in the high temperatures. On July 1, 2006, SAA operated its final flight to Sal due to the ending of its flights to Atlanta.
Saline marshes can be found in the "Pedra de Lume" crater and north of Santa Maria.
Transportation.
The major roads on the island are:
Settlements.
There are six inhabited centers:
Other inhabited settlements are:
History.
It was created in 1935, when, due to a population increase, it was separated from the older Municipality of Boa Vista.

</doc>
<doc id="18621996" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18621996" title="Moland House">
Moland House

Moland House (aka Headquarters Farm) is an old stone farmhouse built around 1750, by John Moland (b. 1700 London, England d. 1761), a prominent Philadelphia and Bucks County lawyer. Although physically located in Hartsville, Warwick Township, Bucks County, Pennsylvania, its mailing address is in Warminster Township, Pennsylvania. The house served as the headquarters for General George Washington during the American Revolutionary War from August 10 to 23, 1777 while on the way to the Battle of Brandywine. The encampment stretched along both sides of Old York Road, on the slope of Carr's hill to the north; both sides of Bristol Road from Mearns Road to Meetinghouse Road. The Battle of Crooked Billet ended near here on May 1, 1778.
Moland House is owned by Warwick Township and is being restored and maintained by the Warwick Township Historical Society through grants from Warwick Township, the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, and the federal government, plus by private foundations and individual donors. Restoration began in 1997, and although it is nearly complete, a number of projects remain to be funded.
History.
In the early evening of August 10, 1777, 11,000 Continental Army and militia soldiers were marching up York Road towards the Cross Roads with Bristol Road (which is known today as Hartsville, PA) on their way to Coryell’s Ferry (now New Hope), intending to camp four miles beyond the Delaware River in New Jersey. 
General George Washington received a dispatch from John Hancock, President of the Second Continental Congress, which told Washington that the 260-vessel British fleet, hauling 17,000 British Army and Hessian troops under General William Howe, was fifty miles south of the Delaware Capes (Cape May and Cape Henlopen) on August 7. 
Unsure and wary of Howe’s intentions, Washington immediately halted his force to encamp around the bridge over the Little Neshaminy Creek in Warwick Twp. Knowing the area and having ridden through only ten days earlier, he selected the substantial stone dwelling of Widow Moland as his headquarters on the farm north of the bridge. General Washington held a "Council of War" with his four major generals and six brigadier generals in the Moland House. 
While in Warwick Township the Betsy Ross flag, an American flag that was allegedly designed by Betsy Ross, was first presented to General Washington. Verbal history of the area alleges that the encampment was the site where the American flag was first flown. It was also here that the Marquis de Lafayette and Count Casimir Pulaski joined the American Revolution and distinguished themselves soon at the Battle of Brandywine and for many years thereafter in the fight for American freedom from England.
During the late 19th and early 20th centuries, the Moland House was recognized as an important landmark, however, it did remain a private residence. The Moland house was the site of meetings of history-interested groups during the first half of the 20th century. Members of Sons of the Revolution met there in 1903 and a group of French educators and military officers taking part in the Lafayette College Centennial Celebration met there 1932. 
During the 1960s or early 1970s the Moland House ceased to be a private residence and became a rooming house. According to local residents, as a rooming house, it was frequented by members of motorcycle gangs. It fell into disrepair and was abandoned by 1985. It was then that a concerned group of local citizens began to take action and in concert with a local housing developer and local authorities, rescued Moland House.
Historical marker.
Marker Text:
"Gen. Washington's headquarters Aug. 10-23, 1777, during the Neshaminy encampment of 11,000 troops. Here, the Marquis de Lafayette functioned for the first time as Major General at the Council of War on Aug. 21, and Count Casimir Pulaski of Poland met Washington for the first time. An experienced military commander, Pulaski was later appointed Brigadier General of mounted troops and is remembered as the "Father of the American Cavalry.""
Preservation.
Preservation of the Moland house is in the hands of the Warwick Township Historical Society, P.O. Box 107, Jamison, PA 18929-0107.
Archaeological studies on the Moland House property have been performed by the Millbrook Society of Hatboro, PA., a non-profit organization, whose archaeological projects at the Moland House have included excavations, geophysical scanning, and the analysis of building features. You may find their reports under ARCHAEOLOGY at Millbrooksociety

</doc>
<doc id="18621997" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18621997" title="Lard">
Lard

Lard is pig fat in both its rendered and unrendered forms. Lard was commonly used in many cuisines as a cooking fat or shortening, or as a spread similar to butter. Its use in contemporary cuisine has diminished; however, many contemporary cooks and bakers favor it over other fats for select uses. The culinary qualities of lard vary somewhat depending on the part of the pig from which the fat was taken and how the lard was processed.
Lard production.
Lard can be obtained from any part of the pig as long as there is a high concentration of fatty tissue. The highest grade of lard, known as leaf lard, is obtained from the "flare" visceral fat deposit surrounding the kidneys and inside the loin. Leaf lard has little pork flavor, making it ideal for use in baked goods, where it is valued for its ability to produce flaky, moist pie crusts. The next highest grade of lard is obtained from fatback, the hard subcutaneous fat between the back skin and muscle of the pig. The lowest grade (for purposes of rendering into lard) is obtained from the soft caul fat surrounding digestive organs, such as small intestines, though caul fat is often used directly as a wrapping for roasting lean meats or in the manufacture of pâtés.
Lard may be rendered by either of two processes: wet or dry. In wet rendering, pig fat is boiled in water or steamed at a high temperature and the lard, which is insoluble in water, is skimmed off the surface of the mixture, or it is separated in an industrial centrifuge. In dry rendering, the fat is exposed to high heat in a pan or oven without the presence of water (a process similar to frying bacon). The two processes yield somewhat differing products. Wet-rendered lard has a more neutral flavor, a lighter color, and a high smoke point. Dry-rendered lard is somewhat more browned in color and flavor and has lower smoke point. Rendered lard produces an unpleasant smell when mixed with oxygen.
Industrially-produced lard, including much of the lard sold in supermarkets, is rendered from a mixture of high and low quality fat sources from throughout the pig. To improve stability at room temperature, lard is often hydrogenated. Hydrogenated lard sold to consumers typically contains fewer than 0.5g of transfats per 13g serving. Lard is also often treated with bleaching and deodorizing agents, emulsifiers, and antioxidants, such as BHT. These treatments make lard more consistent and prevent spoilage. (Untreated lard must be refrigerated or frozen to prevent rancidity.)
Consumers seeking a higher-quality source of lard typically seek out artisanal producers of rendered lard, or render it themselves from leaf lard or fatback.
A by-product of dry-rendering lard is deep-fried meat, skin and membrane tissue known as cracklings.
Chemistry of lard.
Lard is mainly fats, which, in the language of chemistry are known as triglycerides. These triglycerides are composed of three fatty acids and the distribution of fatty acids varies from oil to oil. In general, lard is similar to tallow in its composition. Pigs that have been fed different diets will have lard with a significantly different fatty acid content and iodine value. Peanut-fed hogs or the acorn-fed pigs raised for Jamón ibérico therefore produce a somewhat different kind of lard compared to pigs raised in North American farms that are fed corn.
History and cultural use.
Lard has always been an important cooking and baking staple in cultures where pork is an important dietary item, the fat of pigs often being as valuable a product as their meat.
During the 19th century, lard was used in a similar fashion as butter in North America and many European nations. Lard was also held at the same level of popularity as butter in the early 20th century and was widely used as a substitute for butter during World War II. As a readily available by-product of modern pork production, lard had been cheaper than most vegetable oils, and it was common in many people's diet until the industrial revolution made vegetable oils more common and more affordable. Vegetable shortenings were developed in the early 1900s, which made it possible to use vegetable-based fats in baking and in other uses where solid fats were called for. Negative publicity was generated by the Upton Sinclar novel "The Jungle" which, though fictional, contained images of men falling into rendering vats and being sold as lard.
By the late 20th century, lard had begun to be considered less healthy than vegetable oils (such as olive and sunflower oil) because of its high saturated fatty acid and cholesterol content. However, despite its reputation, lard has less saturated fat, more unsaturated fat, and less cholesterol than an equal amount of butter by weight. Unlike many margarines and vegetable shortenings, unhydrogenated lard contains no trans fat. It has also been regarded as a "poverty food".
Many restaurants in the western nations have eliminated the use of lard in their kitchens because of the religious and health-related dietary restrictions of many of their customers. Many industrial bakers substitute beef tallow for lard in order to compensate for the lack of mouthfeel in many baked goods and free their food products from pork-based dietary restrictions (Kashrut and Halal).
However, in the 1990s and early 2000s, the unique culinary properties of lard became widely recognized by chefs and bakers, leading to a partial rehabilitation of this fat among "foodies". This trend has been partially driven by negative publicity about the transfat content of the partially hydrogenated vegetable oils in vegetable shortening. Chef and food writer Rick Bayless is a prominent proponent of the virtues of lard for certain types of cooking.
It is also again becoming popular in the United Kingdom among aficionados of traditional British cuisine. This led to a "lard crisis" in early 2006 in which British demand for lard was not met due to demand by Poland and Hungary (who had recently joined the European Union) for fatty cuts of pork that had served as an important source of lard.
Culinary use.
Lard is one of the few edible oils with a relatively high smoke point, attributable to its high saturated fatty acids content. Pure lard is especially useful for cooking since it produces little smoke when heated and has a distinct taste when combined with other foods. Many chefs and bakers deem lard a superior cooking fat over shortening because of lard's range of applications and taste.
Because of the relatively large fat crystals found in lard, it is extremely effective as a shortening in baking. Pie crusts made with lard tend to be more flaky than those made with butter. Many cooks employ both types of fat in their pastries to combine the shortening properties of lard with the flavor of butter.
Lard was once widely used in the cuisines of Europe, China, and the New World and still plays a significant role in British, Central European, Mexican, and Chinese cuisines. In British cuisine, lard is used as a traditional ingredient in mince pies and Christmas puddings, lardy cake and for frying fish and chips, as well as many other uses.
Lard is traditionally one of the main ingredients in the Scandinavian pâté leverpostej.
In Spain, one of the most popular versions of the Andalusian breakfast includes several kinds of "mantecas" differently seasoned, consumed spread over toasted bread. Among other variants, "manteca colorá" (lard with paprika) and "zurrapa de lomo" (lard with pork flakes) are the preferred ones. In Catalan cuisine lard is used to make the dough for the pastry known as coca. In the Balearics particularly, ensaimades dough also contains lard.
Lard consumed as a spread on bread was once very common in Europe and North America, especially those areas where dairy fats and vegetable oils were rare.
As the demand for lard grows in the high end restaurant industry, small farmers have begun to specialize in heritage hog breeds with higher body fat contents than the leaner, modern hog. Breeds such as the Mangalitsa hog of Hungary or Large Black of Great Britain are experiencing an enormous resurgence to the point that breeders are unable to keep up with demand.
Lard around the world.
Lard generally refers to wet-rendered lard in English, which has a very mild, neutral flavor, as opposed to the more noticeably pork flavored dry rendered lard, which is also referred to as dripping or "schmalz". Dripping (or schmalz) sandwiches are still popular in several European countries - in Hungary they're known as "zsíroskenyér" ("lardy bread") or "zsírosdeszka" ("lardy plank"), and in Germany pork fat is seasoned to make "Fettbemme". Similar snacks are sometimes served with beer in Poland, Czech Republic and Slovakia. They are generally topped with onions, served with salt and paprika, and eaten as a side-dish with beer. All of these are commonly translated on menus as "lard" sandwiches, perhaps due to the lack of familiarity of most contemporary English native speakers with dripping. Attempts to use Hungarian "zsír" or Polish "smalec" (both meaning "fat/lard") when British recipes calling for lard will reveal the difference between the wet-rendered lard and dripping. In Taiwan, Hong Kong, and Macao, as well as in many parts of China, lard was often consumed mixed into cooked rice along with soy sauce to make "lard rice" (豬油拌飯 or 豬油撈飯). And in Japan, back loin lard(fatback) is frequently used for ramen's soup, it create a thick, nutty, slightly sweet and very hearty.
Traditionally, along with peanut oil, lard is extensively used in Asian cooking as a general-purpose cooking oil, esp. in stir-fries and deep-frying.
Germany.
In Germany, lard is called "Schweineschmalz" (literally, "rendered fat from swine") and is extremely popular as a spread. It can be served plain, or it can be mixed with seasonings: pork fat can be enhanced with small pieces of pork skin, called "Grieben" (cf. Jewish gribenes) to create "Griebenschmalz". Other recipes contain small pieces of apple or onion.
"Schmalzbrot" ("bread with "Schmalz"") can be found on many menus in Germany, especially in grounded restaurants or brewery pubs. "Schmalzbrot" is often served as "Griebenschmalz" on rye bread accompanied with pickled gherkin.
Poland.
In Poland, lard is often served as a starter. It is mixed with fruit, usually chopped apple, and spread on thick slices of bread.
Other uses.
Rendered lard can be used to produce biofuel and soap. Lard is also useful as a cutting fluid in machining. Its use in machining has declined since the mid-20th century as other specially engineered cutting fluids became prominent. However, it is still a viable option.

</doc>
<doc id="18621998" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18621998" title="List of football stadiums in Russia">
List of football stadiums in Russia

The following is a list of football stadiums in Russia, ordered by capacity.

</doc>
<doc id="18622013" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18622013" title="István Sztáni">
István Sztáni

István Sztáni (; born 19 March 1937) is a former football manager and a retired Hungarian football striker.
Sztani left Hungary for Eintracht Frankfurt and faced a one year FIFA ban. With the Main siders he won the German championship in 1959. At the end of the season he moved to Standard Liège of Belgium and stayed there until 1965 when he returned to Frankfurt. In his second stint he amounted 21 Bundesliga appearances for Eintracht.
In the season 1975-76 Sztani was manager at VfB Stuttgart in der 2. Bundesliga Süd but was fired on 31 March 1976 when the planned promotion 1. Bundesliga was almost out of reach.
After this tenure Sztani managed other numerous clubs.

</doc>
<doc id="18622049" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18622049" title="James Earl Jones">
James Earl Jones

James Earl Jones (born January 17, 1931) is an American actor who in a career of more than 50 years has become known as "one of America's most distinguished and versatile" actors and "one of the greatest actors in American history." Since his Broadway debut in 1957, Jones has won many awards, including a Tony Award and Golden Globe Award for his role in "The Great White Hope". Jones has won three Emmy Awards, including two in the same year in 1991, and he also earned an Academy Award nomination for Best Actor in a Leading Role in the film version of "The Great White Hope". He is also known for his voice acting, most notably as Darth Vader in the "Star Wars" film series and Mufasa in Disney's "The Lion King", as well as many other film, stage, and television roles.
As a child Jones overcame a stutter that lasted for several years. A pre-med major in college, he went on to serve as a U.S. Army Ranger during the Korean War, before dedicating his career to acting.
On November 12, 2011, he received an Honorary Academy Award.
Early life.
Childhood.
James Earl Jones was born in Arkabutla, Mississippi, son of Robert Earl Jones (1910–2006), an actor, boxer, butler, and chauffeur who left the family shortly after James Earl's birth, and his wife Ruth (Connolly) Jones, a teacher and maid. Jones and his father reconciled many years later. Jones was raised by his maternal grandparents, farmers John Henry and Maggie Connolly.
He is multiracial, with African, Irish, and Native American ancestry.
Jones describes his grandmother, Maggie, as "the most racist person I have ever known", thus forcing him to develop his own independent thinking. His grandmother was of Cherokee, Choctaw, and black ancestry.
He moved to his grandparents' farm in Jackson, Michigan, when he was five, but the transition was traumatic and he developed a stutter so severe he refused to speak. When he moved to Brethren, Michigan, in later years, a teacher at the Brethren schools helped him overcome his stutter. He remained functionally mute for eight years, until he entered high school. He credits his English teacher, Donald Crouch, who discovered he had a gift for writing poetry, with helping him end his silence. Crouch believed forced public speaking would help Jones gain confidence and insisted he recite a poem in class every day. "I was a stutterer. I couldn't talk. So my first year of school was my first mute year, and then those mute years continued until I got to high school.""
Education.
After being educated at the Browning School for boys in his high school years and graduating from Brethren High School in Brethren, Michigan, Jones attended the University of Michigan where he was a pre-med major. He joined the Reserve Officer Training Corps, and excelled. He felt comfortable within the structure of the military environment, and enjoyed the camaraderie of his fellow cadets in the Pershing Rifles Drill Team and Scabbard and Blade Honor Society. During the course of his studies, Jones discovered he was not cut out to be a doctor. Instead he focused himself on drama, with the thought of doing something he enjoyed, before, he assumed, he would have to go off to fight in the Korean War. After four years of college, Jones graduated from the university in 1955.
Military.
With the war intensifying in Korea, Jones expected to be sent to the war as soon as he received his commission as a second lieutenant. As he waited for his orders, he worked as a part-time stage crew hand at the Ramsdell Theatre in Manistee, Michigan, where he had earlier performed. Jones was commissioned in mid 1953 and reported to Fort Benning to attend Infantry Officers Basic Course. He then attended Ranger School and received his Ranger Tab (although he stated during an interview on the BBC's "The One Show", screened on November 11, 2009, that he "washed out" of Ranger training). He was initially to report to Fort Leonard Wood, but his unit was instead sent to establish a cold weather training command at the Camp Hale near Leadville, Colorado. His battalion became a training unit in the rugged terrain of the Rocky Mountains. Jones was promoted to first lieutenant prior to his discharge. He then moved to New York, where he studied at the American Theatre Wing, working as a janitor to support himself.
Film and stage career.
Early career.
Jones began his acting career at the Ramsdell Theatre in Manistee, Michigan. In 1953 he was a stage carpenter. During the 1955–57 seasons he was an actor and stage manager. He performed his first portrayal of Shakespeare’s "Othello" in this theater in 1955. His early career also included an appearance in the ABC radio anthology series Theatre-Five.
Stage roles.
Jones is an accomplished stage actor; he has won Tony awards in 1969 for "The Great White Hope" and in 1987 for "Fences". He has acted in many Shakespearean roles:
"Othello", "King Lear", Oberon in "A Midsummer Night's Dream", Abhorson in "Measure for Measure", and Claudius in "Hamlet". He received Kennedy Center Honors in 2002.
On April 7, 2005, James Earl Jones and Leslie Uggams headed the cast in an African-American Broadway revival version of "On Golden Pond", directed by Leonard Foglia and produced by Jeffrey Finn.
In February 2008, he starred on Broadway as Big Daddy in a limited-run, all-African-American production of Tennessee Williams's Pulitzer Prize-winning drama "Cat on a Hot Tin Roof", directed by Debbie Allen and mounted at the Broadhurst Theatre.
In November 2009, James reprised the role of Big Daddy in "Cat On A Hot Tin Roof" at the Novello Theatre in London's West End. This production also stars Sanaa Lathan as Maggie, Phylicia Rashad as Big Mamma, and Adrian Lester as Brick.
In October 2010, Jones returned to the Broadway stage in Alfred Uhry's "Driving Miss Daisy" along with Vanessa Redgrave at the Golden Theatre.
In November 2011, Jones starred in "Driving Miss Daisy" in London's West End, and on November 12 Jones received his honorary Oscar in front of the audience at the Wyndham's Theatre, which was presented to him by Ben Kingsley.
In March 2012, Jones played the role of President Art Hockstader in Gore Vidal's "The Best Man" on Broadway at the Schoenfeld Theatre. Earning Jones a Tony nomination for Best Performance in a Lead Role in a Play. The play also starred Angela Lansbury, John Larroquette (as candidate William Russell), Candice Bergen, Eric McCormack (as candidate Senator Joseph Cantwell), Jefferson Mays, Michael McKean and Kerry Butler, with direction by Michael Wilson.
In 2013 Jones will star opposite Vanessa Redgrave in a production of "Much Ado About Nothing" directed by Mark Rylance at The Old Vic, London.
Film roles.
His first film role was as a young and trim Lt. Lothar Zogg, the B-52 bombardier in "" in 1964. His first big role came with his portrayal of boxer Jack Jefferson in the "The Great White Hope" a reprise of the role he had performed on Broadway play, which was based on the life of boxer Jack Johnson. For his role, Jones was nominated Best Actor by the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences, making him the second African-American male performer (following Sidney Poitier) to receive a nomination.
In 1974 Jones appeared with Diahann Carroll in the film "Claudine", the story of a woman who raises her six children alone after two failed and one "almost" marriage.
Jones also played the villain Thulsa Doom in "Conan the Barbarian", "Few Clothes" Johnson in John Sayles' "Matewan", the author Terence Mann in "Field of Dreams", the feared neighbor Mr. Mertle in "The Sandlot", King Jaffe Joffer in "Coming to America", Reverend Stephen Kumalo in "Cry, the Beloved Country", Raymond Lee Murdock in "A Family Thing", and Vice Admiral James Greer in "The Hunt for Red October", "Patriot Games", and "Clear and Present Danger", among many other roles.
Jones is also well-known as the voice of Darth Vader in the original "Star Wars" trilogy. Darth Vader was portrayed in costume by David Prowse in the original trilogy, with Jones dubbing Vader's dialogue in postproduction due to Prowse's strong West Country accent being unsuitable for the role. At his own request, Jones was originally uncredited for the release of the first two films, though he would later be credited for them in the 1997 re-release. As he explained in 2008,
Although uncredited, Jones's voice is possibly heard as Darth Vader at the conclusion of "". When specifically asked whether he had supplied the voice, possibly from a previous recording, Jones told "Newsday": "You'd have to ask Lucas about that. I don't know."
Jones reprised his role as the voice of Vader several times: he is credited in the movie "Robots" with the voice of Darth Vader from a voice module. Playing the king of Zamunda in the comedy "Coming to America", he echoed four Darth Vader phrases. He also vocally appeared as Vader in the comedy film "The Benchwarmers" and the video games "Star Wars: Monopoly" and '. Jones returned as Vader for the video game: ' and also reprised his role as Vader in the Disney attraction; "". Archival recordings of Jones's voice are also used for the Jedi Training Academy attraction at Disneyland and at Disney's Hollywood Studios.
Other voiceover work.
His other voice roles include Ommadon in the direct-to-video 1981 animated film "Flight of Dragons" produced by Rankin/Bass, Mufasa in the 1994 animated Disney film "The Lion King" and its direct-to-video sequel, "". Archive recordings from the film would later be used for the English version of the 2005 video game "Kingdom Hearts II", since Jones himself did not reprise the role. He also voiced the Emperor of the Night in "Pinocchio and the Emperor of the Night".
In 1990, Jones performed voice work for the Simpsons Halloween episode "Treehouse of Horror", in which he was the narrator for the Simpsons' version of Edgar Allan Poe's poem "The Raven". In 1992, Jones was often seen as the host on the video tele-monitor for the Sea World resort in Orlando, Florida.
In 1996, he recited the classic baseball poem Casey at the Bat, with the accompaniment of arranger/composer Steven Reineke and the Cincinnati Pops Orchestra.
He also has done the CNN tagline, "This is CNN", as well as "This is CNN International", and the opening for CNN's morning show, New Day.
Jones was also a longtime spokesman for Bell Atlantic and later Verizon. The opening for NBC's coverage of the 2000 and 2004 Summer Olympics; "the Big PI in the Sky" (God) in the computer game
"Under a Killing Moon"; a Claymation film about The Creation; and several other guest spots on "The Simpsons".
Jones narrated all 27 books of the New Testament in the audiobook "James Earl Jones Reads the Bible".
Television roles.
Jones has the distinction of being the only actor to win two Emmys in the same year, in 1991 as Best Actor for his role in "Gabriel's Fire" and as Best Supporting Actor for his work in "Heat Wave".
Jones portrayed the older version of author Alex Haley, in the television mini-series '; the GDI's commanding general James Solomon in the live-action sequences of the video game '; and widowed police officer Neb Langston in the television program "Under One Roof", for which he received an Emmy nomination. He also appeared in television and radio advertising for Verizon Business DSL and Verizon Online DSL from Verizon Communications.
Jones appeared in the 1963–64 television season in an episode of ABC's drama series about college life, "Channing", starring Jason Evers and Henry Jones. He appeared on the soap opera "Guiding Light". He portrayed Thad Green on "Mathnet", a parody of "Dragnet".
In 1969, Jones participated in making test films for a proposed children's television series called "Sesame Street"; these shorts, combined with animated segments, were shown to groups of children to gauge the effectiveness of the then-groundbreaking "Sesame Street" format. As cited by production notes included in the DVD release "", the short that had the greatest impact with test audiences was one showing bald-headed Jones counting slowly to ten. This and other segments featuring Jones were eventually aired as part of the "Sesame Street" series itself when it debuted later in 1969 and Jones is often cited as the first celebrity guest on that series, although a segment with Carol Burnett was the first to actually be broadcast.
He has played lead characters on television in three series. First, he appeared on the short-lived CBS police drama "Paris," which aired during autumn 1979. That show was notable as the first program on which Steven Bochco served as executive producer. The second show aired on ABC between 1990 and 1992, the first season being titled "Gabriel's Fire" and the second (after a format revision), "Pros and Cons".
In both formats of that show, Jones played a former policeman wrongly convicted of murder who, upon his release from prison, became a private eye. In 1995, Jones starred in "Under One Roof" as Neb Langston, a widowed African-American police officer sharing his home in Seattle with his daughter, his married son with his children, and Neb's newly adopted son. The show was a mid-season replacement and lasted only six weeks.
From 1989 to 1993, Jones served as the host of the children's TV series "Long Ago and Far Away".
In 1996, James guest starred in the CBS drama "Touched by an Angel" as the Angels of Angels in the episode "Clipped Wings". In 1998, Jones starred in the widely acclaimed syndicated program "An American Moment" (created by James R. Kirk and Ninth Wave Productions). Jones took over the role left by Charles Kuralt, upon Kuralt's death. He also made a cameo appearance in a penultimate episode of "" and has guest-starred on such sitcoms as NBC's "Frasier" and "Will & Grace", CBS's "Two and a Half Men", and the WB drama "Everwood". Jones also lent his voice for a narrative part in the Adam Sandler comedy, "Click", released in June 2006. His voice is also used to create an audio version of the King James New Testament.
In 2013-14 he appeared alongside Malcolm McDowell in a series of commercials for Sprint in which the two recited mundane phone and text-message conversations in a dramatic way.
Jones appeared as himself on the season 7 episode of The Big Bang Theory entitled "The Convention Conundrum".
Personal life.
Jones was married to American actress/singer Julienne Marie; they had no children. Since 1982 he has been married to actress Cecilia Hart, with whom he has one child, son Flynn Earl Jones.
Filmography.
Sources:

</doc>
<doc id="18622055" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18622055" title="Anne Dudley (disambiguation)">
Anne Dudley (disambiguation)

Anne Dudley (born 1956), is an English composer and musician.
Anne Dudley may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18622063" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18622063" title="Compañía Española de Petróleos">
Compañía Española de Petróleos

Compañía Española de Petróleos, S.A.U. (CEPSA; Spanish Petroleum Company) is a Spanish multinational oil and gas company. It operates in several European countries as well as in Algeria, Canada, Morocco, Brazil, and Panama. The company currently produces around and has a refining capacity in three refineries of 21 million tonnes/year.
Recent news.
In 2011 CEPSA was bought by Abu Dhabi's International Petroleum Investment Company for 267 million euros.
Since 2012, the company has appeared on Toro Rosso Formula One cars.
In November 2013, the firm agreed to buy Coastal Energy Co for around $2.21 billion.

</doc>
<doc id="18622065" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18622065" title="Freeman Creek">
Freeman Creek

Freeman Creek is a tributary of the Kern River above Lake Isabella. Lloyd Meadows Creek is a tributary on the left bank of Freeman Creek at Lloyd Meadows. 
Freeman Creek Grove.
Freeman Creek Grove (also known as Lloyd Meadow Grove) is a grove of giant sequoias located in Giant Sequoia National Monument in the Sierra Nevada in eastern California. The area is a botanical reserve under administration by the Sequoia National Forest, except for one small inholding. The largest unlogged grove outside of a national park, it covers about in the Freeman Creek Watershed, mainly south of Freeman Creek.
Noteworthy trees.
There are several large sequoias in this grove, including:

</doc>
<doc id="18622071" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18622071" title="Sabaidee Luang Prabang">
Sabaidee Luang Prabang

Sabaidee Luang Prabang (, English title: "Good Morning, Luang Prabang") is a 2008 romantic drama film directed by Sakchai Deenan and starring Ananda Everingham. It was the first commercial film shot in Laos since the country adopted communism in 1975.
Plot.
Sorn (Everingham), a Thai photographer visiting Laos, falls in love with his beautiful Laotian tour guide, Noi (Pallawong). The film features several tourist sites in Laos.
Production.
Director Sakchai Deenan claimed the plotline was inspired by a visit to Laos in which he fell in love with a Laotian woman and imagining her as a tour guide. He deliberately created a simple plot "so it would not be too hard to get approval from the Lao government." Previously, the only Laotian films were propaganda and patriotism related, produced by the government. A government member oversaw the production of "Sabaidee Luang Prabang" so that it portrayed Laotian culture in a positive manner and cut any scenes that the Lao government may perceive to be controversial.
Release.
The film premiered on May 24, 2008 at one of Laos' two theaters (both located in its capital, Vientiane) and was released in Thai on June 5. Open-air screenings occurred throughout Laos, including the UNESCO World Heritage city of Luang Prabang. Upon its release, it was the first Laotian private film, authorities seeing "Sabaidee Luang Prabang" as the start of a new source of income. The aim of the film was also to encourage bilateral cooperation between Thailand and Laos.

</doc>
<doc id="18622076" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18622076" title="Garry's Mod">
Garry's Mod

"Garry's Mod" (often abbreviated as GMod ) is a sandbox physics game using a modified Source engine, created by Garry Newman. "Garry's Mod" has been available on Valve's content delivery service, Steam, since November 29, 2006. Purchase of "Garry's Mod" requires the user to own at least one game on Steam based on the Source engine, such as "Half-Life 2", "", "Portal", or "Team Fortress 2". It is also commonly used for the creation and publishing of videos on YouTube, mainly from "Team Fortress 2", "Half-Life 2", "Portal", "Left 4 Dead" and "Left 4 Dead 2". Garry's Mod was originally a modification for Valve's "Half-Life 2", but was later made into a standalone Steam game that was officially released on November 29, 2006 dubbed "Garry's Mod 10". The current version, "Garry's Mod 13", was released October 24, 2012. In February 2014 it was revealed on Twitter by Newman that the game had "just broke" US$ 30 million. As of November 2013 the game has sold 3.5 million copies.
Gameplay.
Although "Garry's Mod" is usually considered to be a full game, it has no game objective and players can use the game's set of tools for any purpose whatsoever. "Garry's Mod" allows players to manipulate items, furniture and "props" – various objects that players can place in-game. Props can be selected from any installed Source engine game or from a community created collection. The game features two "guns" – Physics Gun and Tool Gun for manipulating objects. The Physics Gun allows objects to be picked up, adjusted, and frozen in place. The Tool Gun is a multi-purpose tool for performing various tasks, such as combining props, attaching them via ropes, and creating controllable winches and wheels. The Tool Gun is also used to control add-ons created by the community.
Another popular "Garry's Mod" concept is ragdoll posing. The player can instantiate a ragdoll model from a Source game and pose it using a variety of tools. This is a popular tool for making fan-made videos and machinimas.
"Garry's Mod" takes advantage of the Source engine's modified version of the Havok Physics Engine, which allows players to build contraptions that follow the laws of physics.
Multiplayer.
"Garry's Mod" supports multiplayer gameplay on dedicated game servers. These servers are operated by the community and some servers earn a profit from having additional VIP features. Players can build contraptions together and communicate via text or voice.
Garry's Mod servers run many game modes, most of which are user-created modifications. Some of the more popular modes include: Roleplay (RP) where players take on a specific role in the server's society, where players role-play in a city-like society and Trouble in Terrorist Town (TTT), which involves a group of terrorists (Innocents) (this can also include a group of detectives, who have special tools aid in finding traitors) with another, smaller group of traitors within them, whose goal is to kill all of the Innocents; as well as several zombie survival mods. There are also Deathrun servers where the "Death" players trigger traps to try and kill the other players that are trying to get to the end of the level, which is usually an obstacle course, of sorts.
User-created content.
"Garry's Mod" features a wide range of mods and addons that can be created using "Garry's Mod"s implementation of the Lua scripting language, which allows users to create their own weapons, entities, game modes, and other modifications.
There are many examples of features created by "Garry's Mod"s addons. Game rules and features can also be modified to suit a particular game mode or genre. Players can create their own weapons, ranging from melee weapons, to firearms, to indirect weapons, such as airstrikes. Weapon models and skins can be reused from either existing Source engine games or from the community created list. Players can create "scripted entities" and "scripted tools" that can interact with the player directly in-game or allow manipulating objects from in-game menu, respectively. Players can also create scripts for non-player characters in Lua.
Different models, skins, and maps can be added to the game. Multiplayer game servers will automatically attempt to send any custom content to the client when they connect.
Fretta contest.
In winter 2009/2010, a contest was held for "Garry's Mod" by the game's developers to create the best new game mode using a programming framework called "Fretta". Fretta, Italian for "hurry", allows developers to quickly and easily create new game modes for "Garry's Mod" with commonly required functionality already implemented so the developers can focus on unique aspects of their game modes. Fretta was inspired by a similar fan created framework "Rambo_6's Simple Gamemode Base". However, for inclusion in "Garry's Mod", Newman decided to rewrite it with input and contributions from the original author and other developers. The winners of the contest range from a recreation of the Mafia party game to an aerial combat game mode. The contest winners have been included in "Garry's Mod" with their own Steam Achievements.
Three of the winning games have been shipped, "Trouble in Terrorist Town", "Dogfight Arcade", and "Prop Hunt" .
Toybox.
On September 7, 2010, Newman added a feature called the "Toybox" to "Garry's Mod". It utilizes the Amazon S3 service to download third party content, such as weapons, props, maps, game modes or models, directly to the users' machine while in game. In an interview with GMod news, Garry Newman said that "One of GMod's biggest draws is the amount of third party content. I want to make it easier for people to utilize that. I really want to move away from having to download files from websites and drag them to folders, that’s old school. So that’s what I’m heading towards. Maps, models, saved games etc., all saved on the cloud and accessible with a click. Everything should be accessible from in-game. If it isn’t, I’ve failed."
The Toybox was shortly removed, and has been replaced with the Steam Workshop in versions 13 and up. As of February 2014 there are now over 245,000 mods on the Steam Workshop for Garry's Mod and counting.

</doc>
<doc id="18622081" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18622081" title="HistoAtlas">
HistoAtlas

HistoAtlas is a free collection of historic geographic information of the human culture all over the world. This is achieved as a time enabled geographic information system (GIS) on the web. All information can be used and edited freely and is intended to be a resource for education, archaeologists, historians and others.
Introduction.
HistoAtlas provides a system to actively maintain historical information derived from historical records and check if it is consistent. It is not meant discover new historical facts but to put everything together so it can be presented as one whole story.
It is an open project making sure everyone benefits from it. Everyone can use the information and can collaborate on the project. Its main audience is the general public but it should also have enough historical details so also historians should be able to enjoy it.
HistoAtlas is not only able to visualize the changes in extent of different countries. But also the events caused this change altogether, because these things are historically more important than just the change of a border.
The atlas has information about different aspects of history. A few examples.
Strategy.
HistoAtlas aims to be a free, multilingual historical encyclopedia, intended as the most precise open content global historical reference.
In concept there are some similarities to what online encyclopedia like Wikipedia are doing, with differences on how data is stored, presented and used. It is a history oriented geographic information system. Information is structured more transparently so it can be searched more efficiently and presented in different ways. Wikipedia and other encyclopedia are focused on articles and are not able to create maps efficiently because they are not meant to do this.
But like Wikipedia the information and application will be made available under an open license, meaning it will be maintained by volunteers who want to share their knowledge.
Consistency.
The vision that HistoAtlas wants to put forward is the one of a collaborative system. Scientist require that the information is correct. Making sure that data is correct will be a high priority of the system. For now only a basic system has been put in place, but this will be extended in the future. Making sure the system is very manageable, transparent and easy to explore is the key to finding flaws and removing them and putting forward new relations.
Licencing.
Everything developed for the project is licensed under an open license. It can be used and improved by anyone.
All data published under the project is put under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License.

</doc>
<doc id="18622095" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18622095" title="Village of Idiots">
Village of Idiots

Village of Idiots is a short animated comedy based on the classic Jewish, humorous, folk tales of Chełm directed and animated by Eugene Fedorenko and Rose Newlove, written by John Lazarus, and produced by the National Film Board of Canada (NFB). Fedorenko is the Academy Award-winning animator of the 1979 NFB short "Every Child".
Summary.
“Outsiders call Chelm the village of idiots,” Shmendrick explains, “but our rabbi said we were a city of natural geniuses, with our own way of figuring things out.”
With muted, mesmerizing illustrations and heavy accordion-based music, the film follows Shmendrick as he sets out on a journey away from home for the first time. But along his journey from Chełm to Warsaw, he comes upon a city that is eerily similar to the one he left behind. The rest of us might think Shmendrik just took a wrong turn and ended up back home, but for Shmendrik, this discovery sheds light on holy teachings: “The Talmud tells us that the world everywhere is the same,” he recalls.
Awards.
"Village of Idiots" won awards at eight film festivals:
It was also included in the Animation Show of Shows.

</doc>
<doc id="18622102" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18622102" title="Mayflower">
Mayflower

The Mayflower was the ship that transported mostly English Puritans and Separatists, collectively known today as the Pilgrims, from a site near the Mayflower Steps in Plymouth, England, to Massachusetts, in 1620. There were 102 passengers and a crew of 25–30.
This voyage has become an iconic story in the earliest annals of American history with its tragic story of death and of survival in the harshest New World winter environment. The culmination of the voyage in the signing of the Mayflower Compact is one of the greatest moments in the story of America, providing the basis of the nation's present form of democratic self-government and fundamental freedoms.
Early history.
When and where the "Mayflower" of the Pilgrim voyage of 1620 was built is not known, but it is likely that she was launched at Harwich in the county of Essex, England, and although later known ‘of London’, she was designated as ‘of Harwich’ in the Port Books of 1609-11. Harwich was the birthplace of "Mayflower" master Christopher Jones about 1570.
The "Mayflower" was rated at 180 tons—meaning it had a hold that could accommodate 180 casks of rum or wine —and was about 100 feet in length. Since Captain Jones became master eleven years prior to the "Mayflower" Pilgrims' voyage, the ship had sailed cross-Channel taking English woolens to France and bringing French wine to London. In addition to wine and wool, Jones had transported hats, hemp, Spanish salt, hops and vinegar to Norway and may have taken the "Mayflower" whaling in the North Atlantic in the Greenland area. It had traveled to Mediterranean ports, being then owned by Christopher Nichols, Robert Child, Thomas Short and Christopher Jones, the ship’s master. In 1620 Capt. Jones and Robert Child still owned their quarter shares in the ship, and it was from them that Thomas Weston chartered her in the summer of 1620 to undertake the Pilgrim voyage. Weston was deeply involved in the "Mayflower" voyage due to his membership in the investor group Merchant Adventurers, and eventually came to Plymouth Colony himself.
From the Port Books of England in the reign of James I (1603-1625), there were twenty-six vessels bearing the same name as the Pilgrim ship and the reason for such popularity has never been found.
A particular "Mayflower" that has caused historical confusion is a "Mayflower" erroneously named as the "Mayflower" of the 1620 Pilgrims. This particular ship was partly owned by John Vassall and was outfitted for Elizabeth I of England in 1588 during the time of the Spanish Armada, a war for which he outfitted several ships. There are no records of this Vassall "Mayflower" beyond 1594.
From records of the time, and to avoid confusion with the many other "Mayflower" ships, the identity of Captain Jones’ "Mayflower" is based on her home port, her tonnage (est. 180-200 tons), and the master’s name in 1620.
August 1609 records first note Christopher Jones as master and part owner of the "Mayflower" when his ship was chartered for a voyage from London to Drontheim (Trondheim) in Norway, and back to London. Due to bad weather, on her return, the ship lost an anchor and made short delivery of her cargo of herrings. Litigation was involved and was proceeding in 1612.
In a document of January 1611, Christopher Jones is described as being ‘of Harwich’, and his ship is called the "Mayflower" of Harwich (in Essex county). Records of Jones’ ship "Mayflower" have the ship twice in the Thames in London in 1613 – once in July and again in October and November.
Records of 1616 again state Jones’ ship was in the Thames and the noting of wine on board suggests the ship had recently been on a voyage to France, Spain, Portugal, the Canaries, or some other wine-producing country.
After 1616, there is no record which specifically relates to Jones’ "Mayflower" until 1624. This is unusual for a ship trading to London, as it would not usually disappear for such a long time from the records. There is no Admiralty court document relating to the pilgrim fathers' voyage of 1620 that can be found. Perhaps the situation of the way the transfer of the pilgrims from Leyden to New England was arranged may account for this. Or possibly many of the records of the period have been lost.
Voyage.
The "Mayflower" embarked about sixty-five passengers in London at its homeport in the Rotherhithe district on the Thames about the middle of July in 1620. She then proceeded down the Thames into the English Channel and then on to the south coast to anchor at Southampton Water. There the "Mayflower" waited for seven days for a rendezvous on July 22 with the "Speedwell", coming with Leiden church members from Delfshaven Holland. 
About August 5, the two ships set sail. The unseaworthy "Speedwell" sprang a leak shortly after and the ships put into Dartmouth for repairs. After the repairs, a new start was made. They were more than two hundred miles beyond Land’s End at the southwestern tip of England when "Speedwell" sprang another leak. Since it was now early September, they had no choice but to abandon the "Speedwell" and make a determination on her passengers. This was a dire event, as the ship had wasted vital funds and was considered very important to the future success of their settlement in America. Soon after the "Mayflower" continued on her voyage to America, "Speedwell" was sold, refitted, and, according to Bradford, "made many voyages…to the great profit of her owners." Bradford later assumed that the "Speedwell" master Mr. Reynolds's “cunning and deceit” (in causing what may have been 'man-made' leaks in the ship) had been motivated by a fear of starving to death in America.
In addition to the 102 passengers, the officers and crew consisted of about 50 persons, including about 36 men before the mast, bringing the total persons on board the "Mayflower" to about one hundred and fifty.
In early September, western gales begin to make the North Atlantic a dangerous place for sailing. The "Mayflower's" provisions, already quite low when departing Southampton, became much less by delays of more than of a month, and the passengers, having been aboard ship for all this time, were quite worn out by then and in no condition for a very taxing lengthy Atlantic journey cooped up in cramped spaces in a small ship. But on September 6, 1620, the "Mayflower" sailed from Plymouth with what Bradford called “a prosperous wind.”
Tradition has it that the last port in England for the "Mayflower" was actually not Plymouth but Newlyn in Cornwall on the Land's End peninsula when it was found that the water picked up at Plymouth was contaminated. Scholarly works do not mention this stop, but Newlyn has a plaque to this effect on its quay. Only the year "1620" is provided, with no date.
Aboard the "Mayflower" were many stores that supplied the pilgrims with the essentials needed for their journey and future lives. It is assumed that among these stores, they would have carried tools and weapons, including cannon, shot, and gunpowder; as well as some live animals, including dogs, sheep, goats, and poultry. Horses and cattle would come later. The "Mayflower" would also carry two boats: a long boat and a "shallop", a twenty-one foot boat powered by oars or sails. She also carried twelve artillery pieces (eight minions and four sakers), as the Pilgrims feared they might need to defend themselves against enemy European forces, as well as the Natives.
The passage was a miserable one, with huge waves constantly crashing against the ship’s topside deck until a key structural support timber fractured. The passengers, who had already suffered agonizing delays, shortages of food and of other supplies, now were called upon to provide assistance to the ship’s carpenter in repairing the fractured main support beam. This was repaired with the use of a metal mechanical device called a jackscrew, which had been loaded on board to help in the construction of settler homes and now was used to secure the beam to keep it from cracking further, making the ship seaworthy enough.
The crew of the "Mayflower" had some devices to assist them enroute such as a compass for navigation as well as a log and line system to measure speed in nautical miles per hour or “knots.” Time was measured with an ancient method – an hour glass.
There were two deaths, but this was only a precursor of what happened after their arrival in Cape Cod, where almost half the company would die in the first winter.
On November 9/19, 1620, they sighted land, which was present-day Cape Cod. After several days of trying to sail south to their planned destination of the Colony of Virginia where they had already obtained permission from the Company of Merchant Adventurers to settle, strong winter seas forced them to return to the harbor at Cape Cod hook, well north of the intended area where they anchored on November 11/21. To establish legal order and to quell increasing strife within the ranks, the settlers wrote and signed the Mayflower Compact after the ship dropped anchor at the tip of Cape Cod on November 11/21, in what is now Provincetown Harbor.
On Monday November 27, an exploring expedition was launched under the direction of Capt. Christopher Jones to search for a suitable settlement site. As master of the "Mayflower", Jones was not required to assist in the search, but he apparently thought it in his best interest to assist the search expedition. There were thirty-four persons in the open shallop – twenty-four passengers and ten sailors. They were obviously not prepared for the bitter winter weather they encountered on their reconnoiter, the "Mayflower" passengers not being accustomed to winter weather much colder than back home. Due to the bad weather encountered on the expedition, they were forced to spend the night ashore ill-clad in below-freezing temperatures with wet shoes and stockings that became frozen. Bradford wrote "(s)ome of our people that are dead took the original of their death here".
The settlers explored the snow-covered area and discovered an empty native village, now known as Corn Hill in Truro. The curious settlers dug up some artificially made mounds, some of which stored corn, while others were burial sites. Nathaniel Philbrick claims that the settlers stole the corn and looted and desecrated the graves, sparking friction with the locals. Philbrick goes on to say that, as they moved down the coast to what is now Eastham, they explored the area of Cape Cod for several weeks, looting and stealing native stores as they went. He then writes about how they decided to relocate to Plymouth after a difficult encounter with the local native, the Nausets, at First Encounter Beach, in December 1620.
However, Bradford's "History of Plymouth Plantation" records that they took "some" of the corn to show the others back at the boat, leaving the rest. Then later they took what they needed from another store of grain, paying the locals back in six months, and it was gladly received.
Also there was found more of their corn and of their beans of various colors; the corn and beans they brought away, purposing to give them full satisfaction when they should meet with any of them as, about some six months afterward they did, to their good content.
During the winter, the passengers remained on board the "Mayflower", suffering an outbreak of a contagious disease described as a mixture of scurvy, pneumonia and tuberculosis. When it ended, there were only 53 passengers, just over half, still alive. Likewise, half of the crew died as well. In the spring, they built huts ashore, and on March 21/31, 1621, the surviving passengers disembarked from the "Mayflower".
Due to the fear of Indian attack, in late February 1621 the settlers decided to mount "our great ordnances" on the hill overlooking the settlement. Christopher Jones supervised the transportation of the “great guns” – about six iron cannons that ranged between four and eight feet in length and weighed almost half a ton.
The cannon were able to hurl iron balls 3 ½ inches in diameter as far as 1,700 yards. This action made what was no more than a ramshackle village almost into a well-defended fortress.
Jones had originally planned to return to England as soon as the Pilgrims found a settlement site. But after his crew members began to be ravaged by the same diseases that were felling the Pilgrims, he realized he had to remain in Plymouth Harbor "till he saw his men began to recover." The "Mayflower" lay in New Plymouth harbor through the winter of 1620-1. On April 5/15, 1621 the "Mayflower", her empty hold ballasted with stones from the Plymouth Harbor shore, set sail for England. As with the Pilgrims, her sailors had been decimated by disease. Jones had lost his boatswain, his gunner, three quartermasters, the cook, and more than a dozen sailors. The "Mayflower" made excellent time on her voyage back to England. The westerlies that had buffeted her coming out pushed her along going home and she arrived at the home port of Rotherhithe in London on May 6/16, 1621, – less than half the time it had taken her to sail to America."
Jones died after coming back from a voyage to France on March 5, 1622, at about age 52. It is suggested that his journey to the New World may have taken its toll on him. For the next two years, the "Mayflower" lay at her berth in Rotherhithe, not far from the grave of Captain Jones at St. Mary’s church there. By 1624, the "Mayflower" was no longer useful as a ship and although her subsequent fate is unknown, she was probably broken up about that time. The "Mayflower" was the final casualty of a voyage that had cost her master, Christopher Jones, everything he could give.
Passengers.
Some families traveled together, while some men came alone, leaving families in England and Leiden. Two wives on board were pregnant – Elizabeth Hopkins gave birth to a son Oceanus while at sea and Susanna White gave birth to a son Peregrine in late November while the ship was anchored in Cape Cod Harbor. He is historically recognized as the first European child born in the New England area. One child died during the voyage, and there was one stillbirth during the construction of the colony. 
Many of the passengers were Pilgrims fleeing persistent religious persecution, but some were hired hands, servants, or farmers recruited by London merchants, all originally destined for the Colony of Virginia. Four of this latter group of passengers were small children given into the care of "Mayflower" pilgrims as indentured servants. The Virginia Company began the transportation of children in 1618.
Until relatively recently, the children were thought to be orphans, foundlings or involuntary child labor. At that time, children were routinely rounded up from the streets of London or taken from poor families receiving church relief to be used as laborers in the colonies. Any legal objections to the involuntary transportation of the children were over-ridden by the Privy Council. In 1959 it was conclusively shown
that the four More children were sent to America because they were deemed illegitimate, and a source of later historical controversy in England. Three of the four children died in the first winter in the New World, but the survivor, Richard More, lived to be approximately 81, dying in Salem, probably in 1695 or 1696.
The passengers mostly slept and lived in the low-ceilinged great cabins. These cabins were thin-walled and extremely cramped. The cabin area was 25 feet by 15 at its largest, and on the main deck, which was 75 by 20 at the most. Below decks, any person over five feet tall would be unable to stand up straight. The maximum possible space for each person would have been slightly less than the size of a standard single bed.
The "Mayflower" passengers were the earliest permanent European settlers in New England, referring to themselves as "First Comers". They lived in the perilous times of what was called "The Ancient Beginnings" of the New World adventure.
Passengers would pass the time by reading by candlelight or playing cards and games like Nine Men's Morris. Meals on board were cooked by the firebox, which was an iron tray with sand in it on which a fire was built. This was risky because it was kept in the waist of the ship. Passengers made their own meals from rations that were issued daily and food was cooked for a group at a time.
Upon arrival late in the year, the harsh climate and scarcity of fresh food caused many more deaths. Due to the delay in departure, provisions were short. Living in these extremely close and crowded quarters, several passengers experienced scurvy, a disease caused by a lack of the essential nutrient vitamin C. There was no way to store fruits or vegetables without their becoming rotten, so many passengers did not receive enough nutrients in their diets. Passengers with scurvy experienced symptoms such as rotten teeth, which would fall out; bleeding gums, and stinking breath.
Passengers consumed large amounts of alcohol such as beer with meals which was known to be safer than water, which often came from polluted sources causing diseases. All food and drink was stored in barrels known as "hogsheads".
William Mullins took 126 pairs of shoes and 13 pairs of boots. These clothes included: oiled leather and canvas suits, stuff gowns and leather and stuff breeches, shirts, jerkins, doublets, neckcloths, hats and caps, hose, stockings, belts, piece goods, and haberdasherie. At his death, Mullins estate consisting of extensive footwear and other items of clothing made his daughter Priscilla and her husband John Alden quite prosperous.
No cattle or beasts of draft or burden were brought on the journey, but there were pigs, goats, and poultry. Some passengers brought family pets such as cats and birds. Peter Browne took his large bitch mastiff and John Goodman brought along his spaniel.
"Mayflower" officers, crew and others.
Per author Charles Banks, the officers and crew of the "Mayflower" consisted of a captain, four mates, four quartermasters, surgeon, carpenter, cooper, cooks, boatswains, gunners and about thirty-six men before the mast, making a total of fifty. The entire crew stayed with the "Mayflower" in Plymouth through the winter of 1620-1621. During that time, about half of the crew died. The crewmen that survived returned on the "Mayflower" which sailed for London on April 5 1621.
Crew members per various sources.
Per author Charles Banks the crew totaled 36 men before the mast and 14 officers, making a total of 50. Author Nathaniel Philbrick estimates between 20 and 30 sailors in her crew whose names are unknown. Author Nick Bunker states that "Mayflower" had a crew that was at least seventeen in number and possibly as much as thirty. Author Caleb Johnson states that the ship carried a crew of about thirty men, but the exact number is unknown.
Later history.
On May 4, 1624, two years after Captain Jones’ death in 1622, an application was made to the Admiralty court for an appraisal of the "Mayflower" by three of her owners including Jones’ widow, Mrs. Josian (Joan) Jones. This appraisal probably was made to determine the valuation of the ship for the purpose of settling the estate of its late master. The appraisal was made by four mariners and shipwrights of Rotherhithe, home and burial place of Captain Jones, where the "Mayflower" was apparently then lying in the Thames at London. The appraisement is extant and provides information on ship’s gear on board at that time as well as equipment such as muskets and other arms. The ship may have been laid up since Jones’ death and allowed to get out of repair, as that is what the appraisal indicates.
What finally became of the "Mayflower" is an unsettled issue. Per Banks, an English historian of the Pilgrim ship, claims that this historic ship was finally broken up, with her timbers used in the construction of a barn at Jordans village in Buckinghamshire. At the present time, within the grounds of Old Jordan in South Buckinghamshire is what tradition calls the Mayflower Barn. In 1624 Thomas Russell supposedly added to part of a farmhouse already there with timbers from a ship, believed to be from the Pilgrim ship ‘Mayflower’, bought from a shipbreaker's yard in Rotherhithe. The well-preserved structure is a present-day tourist attraction, receiving visitors each year from all over the world and particularly from America.
Second "Mayflower".
Another ship called the "Mayflower" made a voyage from London to Plymouth Colony in 1629 carrying 35 passengers, many from the Pilgrim congregation in Leiden that organized the first voyage. This was not the same ship that made the original voyage with the first settlers. This voyage began in May and reached Plymouth in August. This ship also made the crossing from England to America in 1630, 1633, 1634, and 1639. It attempted the trip again in 1641, departing London in October of that year under master John Cole, with 140 passengers bound for Virginia. It never arrived. On October 18, 1642 a deposition was made in England regarding the loss.
Place in history.
The Pilgrim ship "Mayflower" has a famous place in American history as a symbol of early European colonization of the future United States.
The main record for the voyage of the "Mayflower" and the disposition of the Plymouth Colony comes from the letters and journal of William Bradford, who was a guiding force and later the governor of the colony.

</doc>
<doc id="18622103" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18622103" title="Viking Cruises">
Viking Cruises

Viking Cruises is an international company that operates a fleet of river cruising vessels along the rivers of Europe, Russia, Ukraine, China, Southeast Asia and Egypt; in 2015 it will begin offering ocean cruises as well. Viking has a primary sales office in the United States, secondary sales offices in the United Kingdom and Australia, and operational offices in Switzerland.
Company history.
Viking Cruises, a global corporation with sales and marketing headquarters in the United States, was initially established as Viking River Cruises in 1997 by a Scandinavian and Dutch consortium. Viking River Cruises expanded into the American market in 2000, establishing U.S. headquarters in Los Angeles, California. As a result of acquisitions and new builds, as of 2014, Viking Cruises will operate a fleet of 52 ships with nearly 9,200 berths. The company employs more than 2,500 staff worldwide. River cruises are marketed primarily to English-speaking customers in North America, the UK and Australia. 
In the mid-1990s, the company’s founder and chairman, Torstein Hagen, took a river cruise through Russia and decided to create a river cruising company so that others could enjoy similar experiences. Educated at Norwegian Institute of Technology and Harvard Business School, Mr. Hagen was formerly CEO of Royal Viking Line, and also served on the boards of Holland America Line and Kloster Cruise Ltd.
The company started with the purchase of four Russian vessels in 1997. In 2000, Viking purchased the multi-night portion of Europe’s KD River Cruises, founded in 1827. KD retained its Rhine Line passenger ferries, scheduled services and day-excursion operations. Viking’s combined fleet consisted of 26 river cruise vessels accommodating approximately 4,200 passengers, resulting in Viking managing the largest fleet of river cruise vessels in the world. The KD acquisition included the landing stages (docks), an extremely valuable asset—Viking owns docks in more European cities than it stops in, ensuring prime docking locations for easy passenger access and the ability to walk directly into town in many ports, while sailing past other ports without stopping.
The company expanded into China in April 2004 with Yangtze River “cruisetours” that include hotel stays in various cities like Beijing and Shanghai. The company's latest acquisition, in 2006, was the UK river cruise specialist Travel Renaissance which is now known as Viking Cruises in the UK.
On May 17, 2013 the company announced the launch of an ocean cruise division and modified its name to Viking Cruises. The ocean cruise division focuses on destination-centric cruising in the small ship category, priced for value. Debuting its maiden season in 2015, its first ship, Viking Star, will sail ocean cruise itineraries in Scandinavia and the Baltic, and on the Mediterranean Sea.
River cruising.
Viking’s European ships have a typical capacity of 190 passengers; its Russia ships hold an average of just over 200 and the China ship holds up to 246. The cruises are marketed as being unique from other tours in that they provide vacationers views and access to areas that they otherwise could only visit by driving on their own or by taking a bus tour. Suggested advantage of the river tour is the chance to see the best of the big cities and villages, in a relaxing, affordable and scenic mode of travel. Travelers unpack just once and enjoy scenic cruising on wide, smooth rivers instead of enduring extensive bus rides or long days at sea without scenery.
Viking itineraries range from seven to 23 days along Europe’s Rhine, Main, Danube, Seine, Saône, Rhône, Elbe and Douro Rivers; Russia’s Volga and Svir; Ukraine’s Dnieper; China’s Yangtze; Egypt’s Nile and Lake Nasser; Vietnam’s Mekong and Myanmar’s Irrawaddy. Some voyages, including those in China, Southeast Asia and Egypt and a few in Europe, are “cruisetours,” which include both hotel stays and river cruising. All itineraries include at least one guided shore excursion (or tour) per day.
Viking’s river cruises are priced to include accommodations, onboard meals, most shore excursions and cultural activities. Wine, beer and soft drinks are included with onboard lunches and dinners. All ships have nonsmoking interiors with a smoking area available on the sun deck. Since the focus is on the river and the ports of call, onboard activities are geared toward enrichment lectures and activities that enhance the destination experiences. Air travel, including transfers, can be purchased through Viking.
Viking provides English-speaking staff on its ships and fully escorted tours in China and Russia. Shore excursions showcase the history, culture, art and architecture of the visited cities.
River cruise ship design innovations.
In 2009, Viking launched "Viking Legend", the first of its ships to have hybrid diesel-electric engines. According to the company these engines use an estimated 20% less fuel than conventional engines. Noise-insulated engine rooms reduce noise and vibration and the ship has its own membrane water treatment plant to further reduce environmental impact. Viking’s next new vessel, "Viking Prestige", launched in 2011 with the same "green" features as "Viking Legend".
In 2012 Viking introduced its "Viking Longships"® class; each of these ships has the same environmentally friendly engine system, plus a patented interior design configuration (Corridor configuration designs U.S. Patent No. 1832106-0001 to 1832106-0011) that creates large two-room suites, full-size rooms with full-size verandas and French balcony staterooms. Three-quarters of the staterooms on each ship feature a veranda, French balcony or both; staterooms near the water line have a window. Additional features include an indoor-outdoor "Aquavit Terrace" for alfresco dining at the prow of the ship, large "Explorer Suites" at the stern; solar panels and an organic herb garden. The first six Viking Longships that launched in 2012 collectively won Cruise Critic’s award for Best New River Ship; the company launched 10 more in 2013 and will launch an additional 14 in 2014 plus two smaller vessels purpose-built for Portugal’s Douro River. Each Viking Longship is named for a figure in Norse mythology.
Fleet.
Viking River Cruises operated a fleet of 37 vessels in 2013 and will operate 52 in 2014. All of its ships have been built or fully renovated since 1999; 100% of the staterooms are "outside" staterooms with picture windows, sliding doors ("French balconies") or full balconies ("verandas"). Other onboard amenities include restaurants, bars, lounges, libraries, sun decks, telephones and private bathrooms; most ships have additional in-room amenities like televisions, safes and refrigerators. All ships are air-conditioned. The company launched an unprecedented 10 ships at one time on March 20, 2013, earning it a place in the Guinness Book of World Records. As of 2014, more than two-thirds of the company’s European fleet are Viking Longships.
Ocean cruising.
Drawing on its river cruising experience and based on requests and feedback from river cruise guests, in 2013 Viking Cruises launched the travel industry’s first new cruise line in nearly a decade. Developed from the ground up to return the focus of cruising to the destination, Viking’s ocean cruise division will begin sailing its first vessel, "Viking Star", in 2015, and more ocean vessels are planned. Viking Chairman Torstein Hagen said, "It is our view that in the race to build bigger ships, many cruise lines have lost sight of the destinations to which they sail. We are applying the same principles behind our award-winning river cruises to our itinerary and ship design; privileged-access excursions; and onboard experiences to make destinations the true focus." Initial ocean cruising destinations include Scandinavia and the Baltics, and the Mediterranean Sea.
Viking Star.
Classified by Cruise Critic as a "small ship," the new 930-passenger all-veranda "Viking Star" is engineered at a scale that allows for easy, efficient embarkation and debarkation. The ship’s design expands on Viking’s signature understated Scandinavian interiors, and features five stateroom categories, all with private verandas; two pools, a spa, multiple lounge and dining choices, and a theater. The ship, which is being built by Italy’s Fincantieri shipyard, is designed with environmental features including dual-fuel engines, a hydro-dynamically optimized streamlined hull for maximum fuel efficiency, onboard solar panels, and equipment that minimizes exhaust pollution and meets the strictest environmental regulations.
Viking Star’s technical specifications.
Length overall: 745.4 ft. (227.2m); beam 94.5 ft. (28.8m); draft 20.7 ft. (6.3m); gross tonnage (GRT) 47,800t.

</doc>
<doc id="18622106" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18622106" title="Mlilot">
Mlilot

Mlilot (, "lit." Bundle of ripe wheat) is a religious moshav in southern Israel. Located near Netivot and covering 4,000 dunams, it falls under the jurisdiction of Sdot Negev Regional Council. In 2006 it had a population of 240.
The village was established in 1953 by immigrants from Iran and Kurdistan, and was initially named Sharsheret Gimel.

</doc>
<doc id="18622119" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18622119" title="Leo Tolstoy">
Leo Tolstoy

Count Lev Nikolayevich Tolstoy (, ; – ), also known as Leo Tolstoy, was a Russian writer who primarily wrote novels and short stories. Tolstoy was a master of realistic fiction and is widely considered one of the world's greatest novelists. He is best known for two long novels, "War and Peace" (1869) and "Anna Karenina" (1877). Tolstoy first achieved literary acclaim in his 20s with his semi-autobiographical trilogy of novels, "Childhood", "Boyhood", and "Youth" (1852-1856) and "Sevastopol Sketches" (1855), based on his experiences in the Crimean War. His fiction output also includes two additional novels, dozens of short stories, and several famous novellas, including "The Death of Ivan Ilych", "Family Happiness", and "Hadji Murad". Later in life, he also wrote plays and essays. Tolstoy is equally known for his complicated and paradoxical persona and for his extreme moralistic and ascetic views, which he adopted after a moral crisis and spiritual awakening in the 1870s, after which he also became noted as a moral thinker and social reformer.
His literal interpretation of the ethical teachings of Jesus, centering on the Sermon on the Mount, caused him in later life to become a fervent Christian anarchist and anarcho-pacifist. His ideas on nonviolent resistance, expressed in such works as "The Kingdom of God Is Within You", were to have a profound impact on such pivotal twentieth-century figures as Mohandas Gandhi, Martin Luther King, Jr., and James Bevel.
Life and career.
Tolstoy was born in Yasnaya Polyana, the family estate in the Tula region of Russia. The Tolstoys were a well-known family of old Russian nobility. He was the fourth of five children of Count Nikolai Ilyich Tolstoy, a veteran of the Patriotic War of 1812, and Countess Mariya Tolstaya (Volkonskaya). Tolstoy's parents died when he was young, so he and his siblings were brought up by relatives. In 1844, he began studying law and oriental languages at Kazan University. His teachers described him as "both unable and unwilling to learn." Tolstoy left university in the middle of his studies, returned to Yasnaya Polyana and then spent much of his time in Moscow and Saint Petersburg. In 1851, after running up heavy gambling debts, he went with his older brother to the Caucasus and joined the army. It was about this time that he started writing.
His conversion from a dissolute and privileged society author to the non-violent and spiritual anarchist of his latter days was brought about by his experience in the army as well as two trips around Europe in 1857 and 1860–61. Others who followed the same path were Alexander Herzen, Mikhail Bakunin and Peter Kropotkin. During his 1857 visit, Tolstoy witnessed a public execution in Paris, a traumatic experience that would mark the rest of his life. Writing in a letter to his friend Vasily Botkin: "The truth is that the State is a conspiracy designed not only to exploit, but above all to corrupt its citizens ... Henceforth, I shall never serve any government anywhere."
His European trip in 1860–61 shaped both his political and literary development when he met Victor Hugo, whose literary talents Tolstoy praised after reading Hugo's newly finished "Les Misérables". The similar evocation of battle scenes in Hugo's novel and Tolstoy's "War and Peace" indicates this influence. Tolstoy's political philosophy was also influenced by a March 1861 visit to French anarchist Pierre-Joseph Proudhon, then living in exile under an assumed name in Brussels. Apart from reviewing Proudhon's forthcoming publication, "La Guerre et la Paix" ("War and Peace" in French), whose title Tolstoy would borrow for his masterpiece, the two men discussed education, as Tolstoy wrote in his educational notebooks: "If I recount this conversation with Proudhon, it is to show that, in my personal experience, he was the only man who understood the significance of education and of the printing press in our time."
Fired by enthusiasm, Tolstoy returned to Yasnaya Polyana and founded thirteen schools for his serfs' children, based on the principles Tolstoy described in his 1862 essay "The School at Yasnaya Polyana". Tolstoy's educational experiments were short-lived, partly due to harassment by the Tsarist secret police. However, as a direct forerunner to A. S. Neill's Summerhill School, the school at Yasnaya Polyana can justifiably be claimed the first example of a coherent theory of democratic education.
Death.
Tolstoy died in 1910, at the age of 82. He died of pneumonia at Astapovo train station, after falling ill when he left home in the middle of the winter, and in the dead of night. His death came only days after he had finally gathered the nerve to secretly leave home, and to separate from his wife, meanwhile renouncing his aristocratic lifestyle. His night-time departure was an apparent attempt to escape unannounced from the jealous tirades of his wife Sonia, who was outspokenly opposed to many of his teachings and who in recent years had grown envious of the attention which it seemed to her, Tolstoy had lavished upon his Tolstoyan "disciples".
Just prior to his death his health had been a concern of his family who had been actively engaged in his healthcare on a daily basis. In his last few days before passing he had been speaking and writing of his own death, and in fact he did contract his final illness only a few days afterwards at a train station after approximately a day's rail journey towards the South. The station master took Tolstoy to his apartment, where his personal doctors were called to the scene. He was given injections of morphine and camphor.
The police tried to limit access to his funeral procession, but thousands of peasants lined the streets at his funeral. Still, some peasants were heard to say that, other than knowing that "some nobleman had died," they knew little else about Tolstoy.
Personal life.
On September 23, 1862, Tolstoy married Sophia Andreevna Behrs, who was 16 years his junior and the daughter of a court physician. She was called Sonya, the Russian diminutive of Sofya, by her family and friends. They had thirteen children:
The marriage was marked from the outset by sexual passion and emotional insensitivity when Tolstoy, on the eve of their marriage, gave her his diaries detailing his extensive sexual past and the fact that one of the serfs on his estate had borne him a son. Even so, their early married life was ostensibly happy and allowed Tolstoy much freedom to compose "War and Peace" and "Anna Karenina" with Sonya acting as his secretary, proof-reader and financial manager. However, their latter life together has been described by A. N. Wilson as one of the unhappiest in literary history. Tolstoy's relationship with his wife deteriorated as his beliefs became increasingly radical. This saw him seeking to reject his inherited and earned wealth, including the renunciation of the copyrights on his earlier works.
The Tolstoy family left Russia in the aftermath of the Russian Revolution, and Leo Tolstoy's descendants today live in Sweden, Germany, the United Kingdom, France and the United States. Among them are Swedish singer Viktoria Tolstoy and Swedish landowner Christopher Paus, Herresta.
Novels and fictional works.
Tolstoy is one of the giants of Russian literature; his works include the novels "War and Peace" and "Anna Karenina" and novellas such as "Hadji Murad" and "The Death of Ivan Ilyich". His contemporaries paid him lofty tributes. Fyodor Dostoyevsky thought him the greatest of all living novelists. Gustave Flaubert, on reading a translation of "War and Peace", exclaimed, "What an artist and what a psychologist!" Anton Chekhov, who often visited Tolstoy at his country estate, wrote, "When literature possesses a Tolstoy, it is easy and pleasant to be a writer; even when you know you have achieved nothing yourself and are still achieving nothing, this is not as terrible as it might otherwise be, because Tolstoy achieves for everyone. What he does serves to justify all the hopes and aspirations invested in literature."
Later critics and novelists continue to bear testament to Tolstoy's art. Virginia Woolf declared him the greatest of all novelists. James Joyce noted that, "He is never dull, never stupid, never tired, never pedantic, never theatrical!". Thomas Mann wrote of Tolstoy's seemingly guileless artistry: "Seldom did art work so much like nature". Such sentiments were shared by the likes of Proust, Faulkner and Nabokov. The latter heaped superlatives upon "The Death of Ivan Ilyich" and "Anna Karenina"; he questioned, however, the reputation of "War and Peace", and sharply criticized "Resurrection" and "The Kreutzer Sonata".
Tolstoy's earliest works, the autobiographical novels "Childhood", "Boyhood", and "Youth" (1852–1856), tell of a rich landowner's son and his slow realization of the chasm between himself and his peasants. Though he later rejected them as sentimental, a great deal of Tolstoy's own life is revealed. They retain their relevance as accounts of the universal story of growing up.
Tolstoy served as a second lieutenant in an artillery regiment during the Crimean War, recounted in his "Sevastapol Sketches". His experiences in battle helped stir his subsequent pacifism and gave him material for realistic depiction of the horrors of war in his later work.
His fiction consistently attempts to convey realistically the Russian society in which he lived. "The Cossacks" (1863) describes the Cossack life and people through a story of a Russian aristocrat in love with a Cossack girl. "Anna Karenina" (1877) tells parallel stories of an adulterous woman trapped by the conventions and falsities of society and of a philosophical landowner (much like Tolstoy), who works alongside the peasants in the fields and seeks to reform their lives. Tolstoy not only drew from his own life experiences but also created characters in his own image, such as Pierre Bezukhov and Prince Andrei in "War and Peace", Levin in "Anna Karenina" and to some extent, Prince Nekhlyudov in "Resurrection".
"War and Peace" is generally thought to be one of the greatest novels ever written, remarkable for its dramatic breadth and unity. Its vast canvas includes 580 characters, many historical with others fictional. The story moves from family life to the headquarters of Napoleon, from the court of Alexander I of Russia to the battlefields of Austerlitz and Borodino. Tolstoy's original idea for the novel was to investigate the causes of the Decembrist revolt, to which it refers only in the last chapters, from which can be deduced that Andrei Bolkonski's son will become one of the Decembrists. The novel explores Tolstoy's theory of history, and in particular the insignificance of individuals such as Napoleon and Alexander. Somewhat surprisingly, Tolstoy did not consider "War and Peace" to be a novel (nor did he consider many of the great Russian fictions written at that time to be novels). This view becomes less surprising if one considers that Tolstoy was a novelist of the realist school who considered the novel to be a framework for the examination of social and political issues in nineteenth-century life. "War and Peace" (which is to Tolstoy really an epic in prose) therefore did not qualify. Tolstoy thought that "Anna Karenina" was his first true novel.
After "Anna Karenina", Tolstoy concentrated on Christian themes, and his later novels such as "The Death of Ivan Ilyich" (1886) and "What Is to Be Done?" develop a radical anarcho-pacifist Christian philosophy which led to his excommunication from the Russian Orthodox Church in 1901. For all the praise showered on "Anna Karenina" and "War and Peace", Tolstoy rejected the two works later in his life as something not as true of reality.
Religious and political beliefs.
After reading Schopenhauer's "The World as Will and Representation", Tolstoy gradually became converted to the ascetic morality upheld in that work as the proper spiritual path for the upper classes: "Do you know what this summer has meant for me? Constant raptures over Schopenhauer and a whole series of spiritual delights which I've never experienced before. ... no student has ever studied so much on his course, and learned so much, as I have this summer"
In Chapter VI of "A Confession", Tolstoy quoted the final paragraph of Schopenhauer's work. It explained how the nothingness that results from complete denial of self is only a relative nothingness, and is not to be feared. The novelist was struck by the description of Christian, Buddhist, and Hindu ascetic renunciation as being the path to holiness. After reading passages such as the following, which abound in Schopenhauer's ethical chapters, the Russian nobleman chose poverty and formal denial of the will: "But this very necessity of involuntary suffering (by poor people) for eternal salvation is also expressed by that utterance of the Savior (): "It is easier for a camel to go through the eye of a needle, than for a rich man to enter into the kingdom of God." Therefore those who were greatly in earnest about their eternal salvation, chose voluntary poverty when fate had denied this to them and they had been born in wealth. Thus Buddha Sakyamuni was born a prince, but voluntarily took to the mendicant's staff; and Francis of Assisi, the founder of the mendicant orders who, as a youngster at a ball, where the daughters of all the notabilities were sitting together, was asked: "Now Francis, will you not soon make your choice from these beauties?" and who replied: "I have made a far more beautiful choice!" "Whom?" ""La povertà" (poverty)": whereupon he abandoned every thing shortly afterwards and wandered through the land as a mendicant." 
In 1884, Tolstoy wrote a book called ""What I Believe"", in which he openly confessed his Christian beliefs. He affirmed his belief in Jesus Christ's teachings and was particularly influenced by the Sermon on the Mount, and the injunction to turn the other cheek, which he understood as a "commandment of non-resistance to evil by force" and a doctrine of pacifism and nonviolence. In his work "The Kingdom Of God Is Within You", he explains that he considered mistaken the Church's doctrine because they had made a "perversion" of Christ's teachings. Tolstoy also received letters from American Quakers who introduced him to the non-violence writings of Quaker Christians such as George Fox, William Penn and Jonathan Dymond. Tolstoy believed being a Christian required him to be a pacifist; the consequences of being a pacifist, and the apparently inevitable waging of war by government, are the reason why he is considered a philosophical anarchist.
Later, various versions of "Tolstoy's Bible" would be published, indicating the passages Tolstoy most relied on, specifically, the reported words of Jesus himself.
Tolstoy believed that a true Christian could find lasting happiness by striving for inner self-perfection through following the Great Commandment of loving one's neighbor and God rather than looking outward to the Church or state for guidance. His belief in nonresistance (nonviolence) when faced by conflict is another distinct attribute of his philosophy based on Christ's teachings. By directly influencing Mahatma Gandhi with this idea through his work "The Kingdom of God Is Within You" (full text of English translation ), Tolstoy has had a huge influence on the nonviolent resistance movement to this day. He believed that the aristocracy were a burden on the poor, and that the only solution to how we live together is through anarchism. He also opposed private property and the institution of marriage and valued the ideals of chastity and sexual abstinence (discussed in "Father Sergius" and his preface to "The Kreutzer Sonata"), ideals also held by the young Gandhi. Tolstoy's later work derives a passion and verve from the depth of his austere moral views. The sequence of the temptation of Sergius in "Father Sergius", for example, is among his later triumphs. Gorky relates how Tolstoy once read this passage before himself and Chekhov and that Tolstoy was moved to tears by the end of the reading. Other later passages of rare power include the crises of self-faced by the protagonists of "The Death of Ivan Ilyich" and "Master and Man", where the main character in the former or the reader in the latter is made aware of the foolishness of the protagonists' lives.
Tolstoy had a profound influence on the development of Christian anarchist thought. The Tolstoyans were a small Christian anarchist group formed by Tolstoy's companion, Vladimir Chertkov (1854–1936), to spread Tolstoy's religious teachings. Prince Peter Kropotkin wrote of Tolstoy in the article on anarchism in the 1911 Encyclopædia Britannica:Without naming himself an anarchist, Leo Tolstoy, like his predecessors in the popular religious movements of the fifteenth and sixteenth centuries, Chojecki, Denk and many others, took the anarchist position as regards the state and property rights, deducing his conclusions from the general spirit of the teachings of Jesus and from the necessary dictates of reason. With all the might of his talent he made (especially in "The Kingdom of God Is Within You") a powerful criticism of the church, the state and law altogether, and especially of the present property laws. He describes the state as the domination of the wicked ones, supported by brutal force. Robbers, he says, are far less dangerous than a well-organized government. He makes a searching criticism of the prejudices which are current now concerning the benefits conferred upon men by the church, the state and the existing distribution of property, and from the teachings of Jesus he deduces the rule of non-resistance and the absolute condemnation of all wars. His religious arguments are, however, so well combined with arguments borrowed from a dispassionate observation of the present evils, that the anarchist portions of his works appeal to the religious and the non-religious reader alike.
During the Boxer Rebellion in China, Tolstoy praised the Boxers. He was harshly critical of the atrocities committed by the Russians, Germans, and other western troops. He accused them of engaging in slaughter when he heard about the lootings, rapes, and murders, in what he saw as Christian brutality. Tolstoy also named the two monarchs most responsible for the atrocities; Nicholas II of Russia and Wilhelm II of Germany. Tolstoy also read the works of Chinese thinker and philosopher, Confucius.
In hundreds of essays over the last twenty years of his life, Tolstoy reiterated the anarchist critique of the state and recommended books by Kropotkin and Proudhon to his readers, whilst rejecting anarchism's espousal of violent revolutionary means. In the 1900 essay, "On Anarchy", he wrote; "The Anarchists are right in everything; in the negation of the existing order, and in the assertion that, without Authority, there could not be worse violence than that of Authority under existing conditions. They are mistaken only in thinking that Anarchy can be instituted by a revolution. But it will be instituted only by there being more and more people who do not require the protection of governmental power ... There can be only one permanent revolution—a moral one: the regeneration of the inner man." Despite his misgivings about anarchist violence, Tolstoy took risks to circulate the prohibited publications of anarchist thinkers in Russia, and corrected the proofs of Kropotkin's "Words of a Rebel", illegally published in St Petersburg in 1906.
Tolstoy was enthused by the economic thinking of Henry George, incorporating it approvingly into later works such as "Resurrection", the book that played a major factor in his excommunication.
In 1908, Tolstoy wrote "A Letter to a Hindoo" outlining his belief in non-violence as a means for India to gain independence from British colonial rule. In 1909, a copy of the letter fell into the hands of Mohandas Gandhi who was working as a lawyer in South Africa at the time and in the beginnings of becoming an activist. Tolstoy's letter was significant for Gandhi who wrote to the famous writer seeking proof that he was the real author, leading to further correspondence between them.
Reading Tolstoy's "The Kingdom of God Is Within You" also convinced Gandhi to avoid violence and espouse nonviolent resistance, a debt Gandhi acknowledged in his autobiography, calling Tolstoy "the greatest apostle of non-violence that the present age has produced". The correspondence between Tolstoy and Gandhi would only last a year, from October 1909 until Tolstoy's death in November 1910, but led Gandhi to give the name, the Tolstoy Colony, to his second ashram in South Africa. Besides non-violent resistance, the two men shared a common belief in the merits of vegetarianism, the subject of several of Tolstoy's essays.
Tolstoy also became a major supporter of the Esperanto movement. Tolstoy was impressed by the pacifist beliefs of the Doukhobors and brought their persecution to the attention of the international community, after they burned their weapons in peaceful protest in 1895. He aided the Doukhobors in migrating to Canada. In 1904, during the Russo-Japanese War, Tolstoy condemned the war and wrote to the Japanese Buddhist priest Soyen Shaku in a failed attempt to make a joint pacifist statement.
In films.
A 2009 film about Tolstoy's final year, "The Last Station", based on the novel by Jay Parini, was made by director Michael Hoffman with Christopher Plummer as Tolstoy and Helen Mirren as Sofya Tolstoya. Both performers were nominated for Oscars for their roles. There have been other films about the writer, including "Departure of a Grand Old Man", made in 1912 just two years after his death, "How Fine, How Fresh the Roses Were" (1913), and "Leo Tolstoy", directed by and starring Sergei Gerasimov in 1984.
There is also a famous lost film of Tolstoy made a decade before he died. In 1901, the American travel lecturer Burton Holmes visited Yasnaya Polyana with Albert J. Beveridge, the U.S. senator and historian. As the three men conversed, Holmes filmed Tolstoy with his 60-mm movie camera. Afterwards, Beveridge's advisers succeeded in having the film destroyed, fearing that documentary evidence of a meeting with the Russian author might hurt Beveridge's chances of running for the U.S. presidency.

</doc>
<doc id="18622140" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18622140" title="Battle of Fort Erie">
Battle of Fort Erie

Battle of Fort Erie may refer to one of the following battles at Fort Erie, Ontario, Canada:

</doc>
<doc id="18622143" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18622143" title="22nd Century Lifestyle">
22nd Century Lifestyle

22nd Century Lifestyle is the debut album by American nu metal band pre)Thing. It was released on April 6, 2004, by V2 Records. This is the only pre)Thing album due to the death of the band's lead singer and guitarist, Rust Epique.
The album's only single, "Faded Love," managed to chart at No .38 on the US Mainstream Rock Tracks. "Can't Stop (22nd Century Lifestyle)" was also featured prominently in the video games: "WWE Day of Reckoning", "WWE SmackDown! vs. RAW", and "WWE WrestleMania 21".
Charts.
Singles – Billboard (North America)

</doc>
<doc id="18622144" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18622144" title="Michael Tordoff">
Michael Tordoff

Dr. Michael G. Tordoff is a psychobiologist working at the Monell Chemical Senses Center. His research deals with the genetics and physiology of taste and nutrition. His early work addressed (a) how and what animals learn about the value of their food, (b) how artificial sweeteners influence appetite and body weight, (c) how salt intake is regulated, and (d) how dietary calcium influences salt intake. Recently, he has been investigating calcium taste and appetite. He is the primary proponent of the notion that calcium is a basic taste, equivalent to sweet, sour, salty, and bitter.
Dr. Tordoff hosts the Monell Mouse Taste Phenotyping Project. In August 2009, he bicycled across the USA in 27 days. He is married to, and often collaborates with, Dr. Danielle Reed.

</doc>
<doc id="18622150" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18622150" title="Southern Avenue">
Southern Avenue

Southern Avenue may refer to:
In India:
In the United States:

</doc>
<doc id="18622153" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18622153" title="Orphan Girl at the Cemetery">
Orphan Girl at the Cemetery

The Orphan Girl at the cemetery (also known as Young Orphan Girl in the Cemetery) (c. 1823 or 1824) is a painting by the French artist Eugène Delacroix.
History.
Believed to be a preparatory work in oil for the artist's later "Massacre at Chios", "Orphan Girl at the Cemetery" is nevertheless considered a masterpiece in its own right. An air of sorrow and fearfulness emanates from the picture, and tears well from the eyes of the grief-stricken girl as she looks apprehensively upward. The dimness of the sky and the abandoned laying-ground are consonant with her expression of melancholy. The girl's body language and clothing evoke tragedy and vulnerability: the dress drooping down from her shoulder, a hand laid weakly on her thigh, the shadows above the nape of her neck, the darkness at her left side, and the cold and pale coloring of her attire. All these are combined to emphasize a sense of loss, of unreachable hope, her isolation, and the absence of any means of help, as she is also looking on toward an unseen and unknown spectacle or spectre.
For Delacroix, colors were the most important ingredients for his paintings. Because of this artistic taste and belief, he did not have the patience to create facsimiles of classical statues. He revered Peter Paul Rubens and the Venetians. He chose the use of colorful hues and exotic themes for his paintings, drawing inspiration from other inspirational places, resulting in works described as glossy and abundant with movement.
Provenance.
The "Young Orphan Girl in the Cemetery", an alternate title for the painting, is currently curated at the "Musée du Louvre" in Paris, France.

</doc>
<doc id="18622156" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18622156" title="Frans Stafleu">
Frans Stafleu

Frans Antonie Stafleu (8 September 1921, Velsen – 16 December 1997, Utrecht) was a Dutch systematic botanist, former Chair of the Institute of Systematic Botany at the University of Utrecht, and author of "Taxonomic Literature: A Selective Guide to Botanical Publications and Collections, with Dates, Commentaries, and Types" along with 644 other publications. He occupied several positions in the International Association for Plant Taxonomy. The latter organization now triennially awards the "Stafleu Medal" "for an excellent publication dealing with historical, bibliographic and/or nomenclatural aspects of plant systematics".

</doc>
<doc id="18622157" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18622157" title="James Dean">
James Dean

James Byron Dean (February 8, 1931 – September 30, 1955) was an American actor. He is a cultural icon of teenage disillusionment, as expressed in the title of his most celebrated film, "Rebel Without a Cause" (1955), in which he starred as troubled Los Angeles teenager, Jim Stark. The other two roles that defined his stardom were as loner Cal Trask in "East of Eden" (1955), and as surly ranch hand Jett Rink in "Giant" (1956). Dean's enduring fame and popularity rest on his performances in only these three films, all leading roles. His premature death in a car crash cemented his legendary status.
Dean was the first actor to receive a posthumous Academy Award nomination for Best Actor and remains the only actor to have had two posthumous acting nominations. In 1999, the American Film Institute ranked him the 18th best male movie star on their AFI's 100 Years...100 Stars list.
Early life.
James Dean was born on February 8, 1931, at the Seven Gables apartment house located at the corner of 4th Street and McClure Street in Marion, Indiana, to Winton Dean (January 17, 1907 - February 21, 1995) and Mildred Wilson (September 15, 1910 - July 14, 1940). Six years after his father had left farming to become a dental technician, James and his family moved to Santa Monica, California. He was enrolled at Brentwood Public School in the Brentwood neighborhood of Los Angeles, but transferred soon afterward to the McKinley Elementary school. The family spent several years there, and by all accounts young Dean was very close to his mother. According to Michael DeAngelis, she was "the only person capable of understanding him". In 1938, she was suddenly struck with acute stomach pains and began to lose weight quickly. She died of uterine cancer when Dean was nine years old.
Unable to care for his son, his father sent James to live with his sister Ortense and her husband Marcus Winslow on a farm in Fairmount, Indiana, where he was raised in a Quaker background. Winton served in World War II and later remarried. In his adolescence, Dean sought the counsel and friendship of a local Methodist pastor, the Rev. James DeWeerd. DeWeerd seemed to have had a formative influence upon Dean, especially upon his future interests in bullfighting, car racing, and the theater. According to Billy J. Harbin, "Dean had an intimate relationship with his pastor... which began in his senior year of high school and endured for many years." Their alleged sexual relationship was earlier suggested in the 1994 book "Boulevard of Broken Dreams: The Life, Times, and Legend of James Dean" by Paul Alexander. In 2011, it was reported that he once confided in Elizabeth Taylor, his co-star in "Giant," that he was sexually abused by a minister approximately two years after his mother's death. Other reports on Dean's life also suggest that he was either sexually abused by De Weerd when a child or had a sexual relationship with him as a late teenager.
In high school, Dean's overall performance was mediocre. However, he was considered to be a popular student, having played on the baseball and varsity basketball teams, studied drama and competed in forensics through the Indiana High School Forensic Association. After graduating from Fairmount High School in May 1949, Dean moved back to California with his beagle, Max, to live with his father and stepmother. He enrolled in Santa Monica College (SMC) and majored in pre-law. Dean transferred to UCLA for one semester and changed his major to drama, which resulted in estrangement from his father. He pledged the Sigma Nu fraternity but was never initiated. While at UCLA, he was picked from a pool of 350 actors to land the role of Malcolm in "Macbeth". At that time, he also began acting in James Whitmore's workshop. In January 1951, he dropped out of UCLA to pursue a full-time career as an actor.
Acting career.
Dean's first television appearance was in a Pepsi Cola television commercial. He quit college to act full-time and was cast as John the Beloved Disciple in "Hill Number One", an Easter television special, and three walk-on roles in movies, a soldier in "Fixed Bayonets!", "Sailor Beware", and a youth in "Has Anybody Seen My Gal?" His first speaking part was as a boxing trainer in "Sailor Beware", a Paramount comedy starring Dean Martin and Jerry Lewis. While struggling to get jobs in Hollywood, Dean also worked as a parking lot attendant at CBS Studios, during which time he met Rogers Brackett, a radio director for an advertising agency, who offered him professional help and guidance in his chosen career, as well as a place to stay.
In October 1951, following the encouragement of actor James Whitmore's and his mentor Rogers Brackett's advice, Dean moved to New York City. There he worked as a stunt tester for the game show "Beat the Clock". He also appeared in episodes of several CBS television series, "The Web", "Studio One", and "Lux Video Theatre", before gaining admission to the legendary Actors Studio to study method acting under Lee Strasberg. Proud of this accomplishment, Dean referred to the Studio in a 1952 letter to his family as "The greatest school of the theater. It houses great people like Marlon Brando, Julie Harris, Arthur Kennedy, Mildred Dunnock. ... Very few get into it ... It is the best thing that can happen to an actor. I am one of the youngest to belong."
Dean's career picked up and he performed in further episodes of such early 1950s television shows as "Kraft Television Theatre", "Robert Montgomery Presents", "Danger", and "General Electric Theater". One early role, for the CBS series "Omnibus" in the episode "Glory in the Flower", saw Dean portraying the type of disaffected youth he would later immortalize in "Rebel Without a Cause". (This summer 1953 program was also notable for featuring the song "Crazy Man, Crazy", one of the first dramatic TV programs to feature rock and roll.) Positive reviews for Dean's 1954 theatrical role as "Bachir", a pandering North African houseboy, in an adaptation of André Gide's book "The Immoralist", led to calls from Hollywood.
"East of Eden".
In 1953, director Elia Kazan was looking for a substantive actor to play the emotionally complex role of 'Cal Trask', for screenwriter Paul Osborn's adaptation of John Steinbeck's 1952 novel "East of Eden". The lengthy novel deals with the story of the Trask and Hamilton families over the course of three generations, focusing especially on the lives of the latter two generations in Salinas Valley, California, from the mid-19th century through the 1910s. In contrast to the book, the film script focused on the last portion of the story, predominantly with the character of Cal. Though he initially seems more aloof and emotionally troubled than his twin brother Aron, Cal is soon seen to be more worldly, business savvy, and even sagacious than their pious and constantly disapproving father (played by Raymond Massey) who seeks to invent a vegetable refrigeration process. Cal is bothered by the mystery of their supposedly dead mother, and discovers she is still alive and a brothel-keeping 'madame' (Jo Van Fleet).
Before casting Cal, Elia Kazan said that he wanted "a Brando" for the role and Osborn suggested the relatively unknown young actor, James Dean. Dean met with Steinbeck who did not like the moody, complex young man personally, but thought him to be perfect for the part. Dean was cast in the role and on April 8, 1954, left New York City and headed for Los Angeles to begin shooting.
Much of Dean's performance in the film is unscripted, including his dance in the bean field and his fetal-like posturing while riding on top of a train boxcar (after searching out his mother in nearby Monterey). The most famous improvisation of the film occurs when Cal's father rejects his gift of $5,000, money Cal earned by speculating in beans prior to World War I. Instead of running away from his father as the script called for, Dean instinctively turned to Massey and in a gesture of extreme emotion, lunged forward and grabbed him in a full embrace, crying. Kazan kept this cut and Massey's shocked reaction in the film. Dean's performance in the film foreshadowed his role as Jim Stark in "Rebel Without A Cause". Both characters are angst-ridden protagonists and misunderstood outcasts, desperately craving approval from a father figure.
For the 1955 Academy Awards, Dean received a posthumous nomination for Best Actor in a Leading Role for his performance in "East of Eden", the first official posthumous acting nomination in Academy Awards history. (Jeanne Eagels was unofficially nominated for Best Actress in 1929, when the rules for selection of the winner were different.) "East of Eden" was the only film starring Dean that he would see released in his lifetime.
"Rebel Without a Cause".
Dean quickly followed up his role in "Eden" with a starring role as Jim Stark in "Rebel Without a Cause", a film that would prove to be hugely popular among teenagers. The film has been cited as an accurate representation of teenage angst. It co-starred teen actors Natalie Wood, Sal Mineo, and Dennis Hopper and was directed by Nicholas Ray.
"Giant".
"Giant", which was posthumously released in 1956, saw Dean play a supporting role to Elizabeth Taylor and Rock Hudson. This was due to his desire to avoid being typecast as Jim Stark and Cal Trask. In the film, he plays Jett Rink, an oil-rich Texan ranch hand who strikes oil and becomes wealthy. His role was notable in that, in order to portray an older version of his character in the film's later scenes, Dean dyed his hair gray and shaved some of it off to give himself a receding hairline.
"Giant" would prove to be Dean's last film. At the end of the film, Dean was supposed to make a drunken speech at a banquet; this is nicknamed the 'Last Supper' because it was the last scene before his sudden death. Dean mumbled so much due to his desire to make the scene more realistic by actually being inebriated for the take that director George Stevens decided the scene had to be overdubbed by Nick Adams, who had a small role in the film, because Dean had died before the film was edited.
For the 1956 Academy Awards, Dean received his second posthumous Best Actor Academy Award nomination for his role in "Giant".
Personal relationships.
Screenwriter William Bast was one of Dean's closest friends, a fact acknowledged by Dean's family. According to Dean's first biographer (1956), Bast was his roommate at UCLA and later in New York, and knew Dean throughout the last five years of his life. Fifty years after Dean's death, he stated that their friendship had included some sexual intimacy. In a much earlier account, Bast recalled of their friendship: "Jimmy "was" a dabbler, he "was" learning through experiment… But to say he was gay? That's ridiculous."
While at UCLA, Dean dated Beverly Wills, an actress with CBS, and Jeanette Lewis, a classmate. Bast and Dean often double-dated with them. Wills began dating Dean alone, later telling Bast, "Bill, there's something we have to tell you. It's Jimmy and me. I mean, we're in love." Dean also kept in contact with his girlfriend in New York, Barbara Glenn, whom he dated for two years. Their love letters sold at auction in 2011 for $36,000.
Early in Dean's career, after Dean signed his contract with Warner Brothers, the studio's public relations department began generating stories about Dean's liaisons with a variety of young actresses who were mostly drawn from the clientele of Dean's Hollywood agent, Dick Clayton. Studio press releases also grouped "Dean together with two other actors, Rock Hudson and Tab Hunter, identifying each of the men as an 'eligible bachelor' who has not yet found the time to commit to a single woman: 'They say their film rehearsals are in conflict with their marriage rehearsals.'"
Dean's best-remembered relationship was with young Italian actress Pier Angeli, whom he met while Angeli was shooting "The Silver Chalice" on an adjoining Warner lot, and with whom he exchanged items of jewelry as love tokens. Angeli, during an interview fourteen years after their relationship ended, described their times together:
In his autobiography "East of Eden," director Elia Kazan dismissed the notion that Dean could possibly have had any success with women, although he remembered hearing Dean and Angeli loudly making love in Dean's dressing room. In 1997, the television movie "Race with Destiny" was produced, a true-story account of the love affair between Dean and Pier Angeli. It was shot on location "where he lived and loved" until his death.
Despite their strong love for each other, a number of forces led them apart. Angeli's mother disapproved of Dean's casual dress and what were, for her at least, radical behavior traits: his t-shirt attire, late dates, fast cars, and the fact that he was not a Catholic. Her mother said that such behavior was not acceptable in Italy. In addition, MGM, where he worked, tried to talk him out of marrying and he himself told Angeli that he didn't want to get married.
After finishing his role for "East of Eden", he took a brief trip to New York in October 1954. While he was away, Angeli unexpectedly announced her engagement to Italian-American singer Vic Damone. The press was shocked and Dean expressed his irritation. Angeli married Damone the following month. Gossip columnists reported that Dean watched the wedding from across the road on his motorcycle, even gunning the engine during the ceremony, although Dean later denied doing anything so "dumb."
Some, like Bast and Paul Alexander, believe the relationship was a mere publicity stunt. Pier Angeli talked only once about the relationship in her later life in an interview, giving vivid descriptions of romantic meetings at the beach. Dean biographer John Howlett said these read like wishful fantasies, as Bast claims them to be.
Actress Liz Sheridan asserts that she and Dean had a short affair in New York. Again Bast is skeptical as to whether this was a true love affair and says Dean and Sheridan did not spend much time together. Dean also dated Swiss actress Ursula Andress. "She was seen riding around Hollywood on the back of James's motorcycle," writes biographer Darwin Porter. She was also seen with Dean in his sports cars, and was with him on the day he bought the car that he died in. At the time, Andress was also dating Marlon Brando. Andress remembered her courtship with Dean: "He came by my house late. He came in room like wild animal, and smell of everything I don't like," she said. "We go hear jazz music and he leave table. Say he go play drums. He no come back. I don't like to be alone. I go home. He come by my home later and say he sorry." She added that Brando was "particularly interested in finding out from Ursula who the better lover was: James Dean or himself. It drove him crazy."
Rumors that Dean avoided the draft by registering as a homosexual appear to be of doubtful authenticity. Not only was he extremely near-sighted and required glasses, he was also a Quaker, either of which was sufficient cause for him to be excused from service.
Death.
Auto racing career.
In April 1954, after securing the co-starring role of Cal Trask in "East of Eden", Dean purchased a 1955 Triumph Tiger T110, 650 cc motorcycle and later, a used red, 1953 MG TD sports car. In March 1955, Dean traded the MG for a new 1955 Porsche Super Speedster purchased from Competition Motors in Hollywood. He traded the Triumph T110 for a 1955 Triumph TR5 Trophy three days after filming wrapped on "East of Eden".
Just before filming began on "Rebel Without a Cause", Dean entered the Palm Springs Road Races with the Speedster on March 26–27. He finished first overall in Saturday's novice class and second overall in the Sunday main event. Dean also raced the Speedster at Bakersfield on May 1–2, finishing first in class and third overall. His final race with the Speedster was at Santa Barbara on Memorial Day, May 30, where he started in the eighteenth position, worked his way up to fourth, before over-revving his engine and blowing a piston. He did not finish the race. His racing career was put on hold when Warner Brothers barred him from all racing during the production of "Giant".
Accident and aftermath.
Longing to return to the "liberating prospects" of motor racing, James Dean was scheduled to compete at a racing event in Salinas, California on October 1, 1955. On September 30, 1955, Dean and his Porsche factory-trained mechanic, Rolf Wütherich, were at Competition Motors in Hollywood preparing Dean's new Porsche 550 Spyder for the weekend sports car races at Salinas. Dean originally intended to trailer the Porsche to Salinas behind his 1955 Ford Country Squire station wagon, driven by friend and movie stunt man, Bill Hickman, and accompanied by professional photographer Sanford H. Roth, who was planning a photo story of Dean at the races for Colliers Magazine. Because the Porsche did not have enough "break-in" miles prior to the race, Wütherich recommended that Dean drive the Spyder to Salinas to get more "seat time" behind the wheel, and subsequently accompanied Dean on the journey.
The group had coffee and doughnuts at the Hollywood Ranch Market on Vine Street across from Competition Motors (not the legendary Farmer's Market at W 3rd St & S Fairfax Ave as previously reported) before leaving around 1:15pm PST. They stopped at the Mobil station for gasoline on Ventura Blvd. at Beverly Glen Blvd. in Sherman Oaks around 2:00 p.m. The group then headed north on the Golden State Freeway US 99 (today, the route of Interstate 5) and then over the "Grapevine" toward Bakersfield.
At 3:30 p.m., Dean was stopped and ticketed by California Highway Patrolman O.V. Hunter at Mettler Station on Wheeler Ridge, just south of Bakersfield, for driving 65 mph (105 km/h) in a 55 mph (89 km/h) zone. Hickman, following behind the Spyder in the Ford with the trailer, was also ticketed for driving 20 mph (32 km/h) over the limit, as the speed limit for all vehicles towing a trailer was 45 mph (72 km/h). After receiving the speeding citations, Dean and Hickman turned left onto Route 166/33 to avoid going through Bakersfield's slow 25 mph downtown district. Route 166/33 was a known shortcut for sports car drivers going to Salinas called "the racer's road", which took them directly to Blackwells Corner at CA Route 466 (later SR 46). At Blackwells Corner, Dean stopped briefly for refreshments and met up with fellow racers Lance Reventlow and Bruce Kessler, who were also on their way to the Salinas road races in Reventlow's Mercedes-Benz 300SL coupe. As Reventlow and Kessler were leaving, they agreed to meet for dinner in Paso Robles.
At approximately 5:15 p.m., Dean and Hickman left Blackwells Corner, driving west on Route 466 (now CA 46) toward Paso Robles, approximately 60 miles away. Dean accelerated in the Porsche and left the Ford station wagon far behind. Further along on Route 466, the Porsche crested Polonio Pass and headed down the long Antelope Grade, passing cars along the way toward the junction floor at Route 466 and 41. At approximately 5:45 p.m. PST, a black-and-white 1950 Ford Tudor coupe driven at high speed was headed east on Rt. 466 just west of the junction near Shandon. Its driver, 23-year-old Cal Poly student Donald Turnupseed, made a left turn onto Route 41 headed north, toward Fresno. As Turnupseed's Ford crossed over the center line, Dean, who was driving at a reported speed of 85 Miles per hour, apparently tried to steer the Spyder in a "side stepping" racing maneuver, but with insufficient time and space, the two cars crashed almost head-on. The Spyder flipped up into the air and landed back on its wheels in a gully, northwest of the junction. The sheer velocity of the impact sent the much-heavier Ford broad-sliding 39 feet down Route 466 in the westbound lane.
According to a story in the October 1, 2005, edition of the "Los Angeles Times", California Highway Patrol Captain Ernest Tripke and his partner, Corporal Ronald Nelson, were finishing a coffee break in Paso Robles when they were called to the scene of the accident at the Route 466/41 junction. Before Officers Tripke and Nelson arrived, James Dean had been extricated from the Spyder's mangled cockpit, his left foot having been crushed between the clutch and brake pedal. Dean was severely injured from the crash with a broken neck and several internal and external injuries. Nelson witnessed an unconscious and dying Dean placed into an ambulance, and a barely conscious Wütherich, who had been thrown from the Spyder, lying on the shoulder of the road next to the wrecked Porsche. Dean and Wütherich were taken in the same ambulance to the Paso Robles War Memorial Hospital, 28 miles away. Dean was pronounced dead on arrival at the Paso Robles War Memorial Hospital at 6:20 pm.
Though initially slow to reach newspapers in the eastern United States, details of Dean's death rapidly spread via radio and television. By October 2, his death had received significant coverage from domestic and foreign media outlets. Dean's funeral was held on October 8, 1955 at the Fairmount Friends Church in Fairmount, Indiana. An estimated 600 mourners were in attendance, while another 2400 fans gathered outside the building during the procession.
An inquest into Dean's death occurred on October 11, 1955 at the Paso Robles City Hall, where a verdict governed that he was at fault due to reckless speeding, thus making Turnupseed innocent.
Ironically, Dean had appeared in an episode of Warner Brothers Presents a few weeks prior to his death. The segment concerned the subject of drivers' safety and Dean's experience on the road. At the end of the segment, instead of saying the phrase "The life you save may be your own," Dean ad-libbed the line "The life you might save might be "mine"." After his fatal car accident, the segment was never aired.
Legacy and iconic status.
Impact on culture and media.
American teenagers of the mid-1950s, when James Dean's major films were made, identified with Dean and the roles he played, especially that of Jim Stark in "Rebel Without A Cause". This film depicts the dilemma of a typical teenager of the time, who feels that no one, not even his peers, can understand him. Joe Hyams says that Dean was "one of the rare stars, like Rock Hudson and Montgomery Clift, whom both men and women find sexy". According to Marjorie Garber, this quality is "the undefinable extra something that makes a star." Dean's iconic appeal has been attributed to the public's need for someone to stand up for the disenfranchised young of the era, and to the air of androgyny that he projected onscreen. Dean's "loving tenderness towards the besotted Sal Mineo in "Rebel Without a Cause" continues to touch and excite gay audiences by its honesty. The "Gay Times" Readers' Awards cited him as the male gay icon of all time."
Dean is mentioned or featured in various songs. The chorus of David Essex's original "Rock On" includes the refrain "Jimmy Dean. James Dean." Dean is mentioned in Rob Zarro's song "Infamous Route 66": "I'm seeing really cool things, pictures of Marilyn and James Dean." The Eagles song named after Dean explores his fast and dangerous lifestyle. John Mellencamp mentions James Dean in the lyrics of "Jack & Diane". Phil Ochs has a song titled "Jim Dean of Indiana". In addition, James Dean is often noted within television shows, films, books and novels. In an episode of "", the character Liberty likens the rebellious, anti-social Sean Cameron to James Dean. On the sitcom "Happy Days", Fonzie has a picture of Dean in his closet next to his mirror. A picture of Dean also appears on Rizzo's wall in the film "Grease". On the American version of the TV series "Queer as Folk", the main character Brian Kinney mentions James Dean together with Kurt Cobain and Jimi Hendrix, saying, "They're all legends. They'll always be young, and they will always be beautiful". In the alternative history book "Homeward Bound" by Harry Turtledove, Dean is stated to have not died in a car crash and to have made several more films, including "Rescuing Private Ranfall", based on "Saving Private Ryan".
Dean's estate still earns about $5,000,000 per year, according to "Forbes Magazine".
On April 20, 2010, a long "lost" live episode of the "General Electric Theater" called "The Dark, Dark Hours" featuring James Dean in a performance with Ronald Reagan was uncovered by NBC writer Wayne Federman while working on a Ronald Reagan television retrospective. The episode, originally broadcast December 12, 1954, drew international attention and highlights were featured on numerous national media outlets including: "CBS Evening News", "NBC Nightly News", and "Good Morning America". It was later revealed that some footage from the episode was first featured in the 2005 documentary, "James Dean: Forever Young".
Debated sexual orientation.
Today, Dean is often considered an icon because of his "experimental" take on life, which included his ambivalent sexuality. There have been several claims and assertions that Dean has had sexual relationships with both men and women. When questioned about his sexual orientation, he is reported to have said, "No, I am not a homosexual. But I'm also not going to go through life with one hand tied behind my back."
William Bast, one of Dean's closest friends, was Dean's first biographer (1956). He published a revealing update of his first book, in which, after years of successfully dodging the question as to whether he and Dean were sexually involved, he finally stated that they experimented. In this second book, Bast describes the difficult circumstances of their involvement and also deals frankly with some of Dean's other reported gay relationships, notably the actor's friendship with Rogers Brackett, the influential producer of radio dramas who encouraged Dean in his career and provided him with useful professional contacts.
Journalist Joe Hyams suggests that any gay activity Dean might have been involved in appears to have been strictly "for trade", as a means of advancing his career. Val Holley notes that, according to Hollywood biographer Lawrence J. Quirk, gay Hollywood columnist Mike Connolly "would put the make on the most prominent young actors, including Robert Francis, Guy Madison, Anthony Perkins, Nick Adams and James Dean." However, the "trade only" notion is debated by Bast and other Dean biographers. Aside from Bast's account of his own relationship with Dean, Dean's fellow biker and "Night Watch" member John Gilmore claims he and Dean "experimented" with gay acts on one occasion in New York, and it is difficult to see how Dean, then already in his twenties, would have viewed this as a "trade" means of advancing his career.
Screenwriter Gavin Lambert, himself gay and part of the Hollywood gay circles of the 1950s and 1960s, described Dean as being gay. "Rebel" director Nicholas Ray is on record as saying that Dean was gay. Author John Howlett believes that Dean was "certainly bisexual". George Perry's biography reduces these aspects of Dean's sexuality to "experimentation". Bast also shows that Dean had knowledge of gay bars and customs. Consequently, Robert Aldrich and Garry Wotherspoon's book "Who's Who in Contemporary Gay and Lesbian History: From World War II to the Present Day" (2001) includes an entry on James Dean. However Bast concludes: "Jimmy "was" a dabbler, he "was" learning through experiment… But to say he was gay? That's ridiculous."

</doc>
<doc id="18622164" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18622164" title="Gilbert Turner">
Gilbert Turner

Gilbert Price Lloyd Turner was born on 8 May 1888 and died in 1968. He was a Bishop in the Anglican church.
Biography.
The son of Major G. H. Turner, he was educated at the Collegiate School, Victoria in British Columbia and at St Augustine's College, Canterbury. In 1912, he was ordained as a priest. He was a curate at St. Paul's Church, Cape Town from 1920 to 1922, and again from 1925 to 1927, then rector. In 1939, he was appointed Bishop of St. Helena in 1939. 

</doc>
<doc id="18622189" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18622189" title="Live at the Ventura Beach California">
Live at the Ventura Beach California

Live at the Ventura Beach California is a concert of Eric Burdon with Robby Krieger and several other musicians.
In 1989, The Animals singer and The Doors guitarist had a conference together, called "The Rock 'n' Rolls Main Event". They started a tour. There were many bootlegs illegally released.
On 20 June 2008, they released a long-awaited concert on DVD.

</doc>
<doc id="18622193" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18622193" title="Painting">
Painting

Painting is the practice of applying paint, pigment, color or other medium to a surface (support base). The medium is commonly applied to the base with a brush but other implements, such as knives, sponges, and airbrushes, can be used. Paintings may have for their support such surfaces as walls, paper, canvas, wood, glass, lacquer, clay, leaf, copper or concrete, and may incorporate multiple other materials including sand, clay, paper, gold leaf as well as objects.
In art, the term "painting "describes both the act and the result of the action. However, the term is also used outside of art as a common trade among craftsmen and builders.
Painting is a mode of creative expression, and the forms are numerous. Drawing, composition or abstraction and other aesthetics may serve to manifest the expressive and conceptual intention of the practitioner. Paintings can be naturalistic and representational (as in a still life or landscape painting), photographic, abstract, be loaded with narrative content, symbolism, emotion or be political in nature.
A portion of the history of painting in both Eastern and Western art is dominated by spiritual motifs and ideas; examples of this kind of painting range from artwork depicting mythological figures on pottery to Biblical scenes rendered on the interior walls and ceiling of The Sistine Chapel, to scenes from the life of Buddha or other images of eastern religious origin.
Elements.
Intensity.
What enables painting is the perception and representation of intensity. Every point in space has different intensity, which can be represented in painting by black and white and all the gray shades between. In practice, painters can articulate shapes by juxtaposing surfaces of different intensity; by using just color (of the same intensity) one can only represent symbolic shapes. Thus, the basic means of painting are distinct from ideological means, such as geometrical figures, various points of view and organization (perspective), and symbols. For example, a painter perceives that a particular white wall has different intensity at each point, due to shades and reflections from nearby objects, but ideally, a white wall is still a white wall in pitch darkness. In technical drawing, thickness of line is also ideal, demarcating ideal outlines of an object within a perceptual frame different from the one used by painters.
Color and tone.
Color and tone are the essence of painting as pitch and rhythm are of music. Color is highly subjective, but has observable psychological effects, although these can differ from one culture to the next. Black is associated with mourning in the West, but in the East, white is. Some painters, theoreticians, writers and scientists, including Goethe, Kandinsky, and Newton, have written their own color theory. Moreover the use of language is only an abstraction for a color equivalent. The word "red", for example, can cover a wide range of variations on the pure red of the visible spectrum of light. There is not a formalized register of different colors in the way that there is agreement on different notes in music, such as C or C♯ in music. For a painter, color is not simply divided into basic and derived (complementary or mixed) colors (like red, blue, green, brown, etc.).
Painters deal practically with pigments, so "blue" for a painter can be any of the blues: phthalocyan, Paris blue, indigo, cobalt, ultramarine, and so on. Psychological, symbolical meanings of color are not strictly speaking means of painting. Colors only add to the potential, derived context of meanings, and because of this the perception of a painting is highly subjective. The analogy with music is quite clear—sound in music (like "C") is analogous to light in painting, "shades" to dynamics, and coloration is to painting as specific timbre of musical instruments to music—though these do not necessarily form a melody, but can add different contexts to it.
Non-traditional elements.
Modern artists have extended the practice of painting considerably to include, for example, collage, which began with Cubism and is not painting in the strict sense. Some modern painters incorporate different materials such as sand, cement, straw or wood for their texture. Examples of this are the works of Jean Dubuffet and Anselm Kiefer. There is a growing community of artists who use computers to paint color onto a digital canvas using programs such as Adobe Photoshop, Corel Painter, and many others. These images can be printed onto traditional canvas if required.
Rhythm.
Rhythm is important in painting as well as in music. If one defines rhythm as "a pause incorporated into a sequence", then there can be rhythm in paintings. These pauses allow creative force to intervene and add new creations—form, melody, coloration. The distribution of form, or any kind of information is of crucial importance in the given work of art and it directly affects the esthetical value of that work. This is because the esthetical value is functionality dependent, i.e. the freedom (of movement) of perception is perceived as beauty. Free flow of energy, in art as well as in other forms of "techne", directly contributes to the esthetical value.
History.
The oldest known paintings are at the Grotte Chauvet in France, claimed by some historians to be about 32,000 years old. They are engraved and painted using red ochre and black pigment and show horses, rhinoceros, lions, buffalo, mammoth, abstract designs and what are possibly partial human figures. However the earliest evidence of the act of painting has been discovered in two rock-shelters in Arnhem Land, in northern Australia. In the lowest layer of material at these sites there are used pieces of ochre estimated to be 60,000 years old. Archaeologists have also found a fragment of rock painting preserved in a limestone rock-shelter in the Kimberley region of North-Western Australia, that is dated 40 000 years old. There are examples of cave paintings all over the world—in India, France, Spain, Portugal, China, Australia, etc.
In Western cultures oil painting and watercolor painting have rich and complex traditions in style and subject matter. In the East, ink and color ink historically predominated the choice of media with equally rich and complex traditions.
The invention of photography had a major impact on painting. In the decades after the first photograph was produced in 1829, photographic processes improved and became more widely practiced, depriving painting of much of its historic purpose to provide an accurate record of the observable world. A series of art movements in the late 19th and early 20th centuries—notably Impressionism, Post-Impressionism, Fauvism, Expressionism, Cubism, and Dadaism—challenged the Renaissance view of the world. Eastern and African painting, however, continued a long history of stylization and did not undergo an equivalent transformation at the same time.
Modern and Contemporary Art has moved away from the historic value of craft and documentation in favour of concept; this led some to say in the 1960s that painting, as a serious art form, is dead. This has not deterred the majority of living painters from continuing to practice painting either as whole or part of their work. The vitality and versatility of painting in the 21st century belies the premature declarations of its demise. In an epoch characterized by the idea of pluralism, there is no consensus as to a representative style of the age. Important works of art continue to be made in a wide variety of styles and aesthetic temperaments, the marketplace being left to judge merit.
Among the continuing and current directions in painting at the beginning of the 21st century are Monochrome painting, Hard-edge painting, Geometric abstraction, Appropriation, Hyperrealism, Photorealism, Expressionism, Minimalism, Lyrical Abstraction, Pop Art, Op Art, Abstract Expressionism, Color Field painting, Neo-expressionism, Collage, Intermedia painting, Assemblage painting, Computer art painting, Postmodern painting, Neo-Dada painting, Shaped canvas painting, environmental mural painting, traditional figure painting, Landscape painting, Portrait painting, and paint-on-glass animation.
Aesthetics and theory.
Aesthetics is the study of art and beauty; it was an important issue for such 18th- and 19th-century philosophers as Kant or Hegel. Classical philosophers like Plato and Aristotle also theorized about art and painting in particular; Plato disregarded painters (as well as sculptors) in his philosophical system; he maintained that painting cannot depict the truth—it is a copy of reality (a shadow of the world of ideas) and is nothing but a craft, similar to shoemaking or iron casting. By the time of Leonardo painting had become a closer representation of the truth than painting was in Ancient Greece. Leonardo da Vinci, on the contrary, said that "La Pittura è cosa mentale" (painting is a thing of the mind). Kant distinguished between Beauty and the Sublime, in terms that clearly gave priority to the former. Although he did not refer particularly to painting, this concept was taken up by painters such as Turner and Caspar David Friedrich.
Hegel recognized the failure of attaining a universal concept of beauty and in his aesthetic essay wrote that Painting is one of the three "romantic" arts, along with Poetry and Music for its symbolic, highly intellectual purpose.
Painters who have written theoretical works on painting include Kandinsky and Paul Klee. Kandinsky in his essay maintains that painting has a spiritual value, and he attaches primary colors to essential feelings or concepts, something that Goethe and other writers had already tried to do.
Iconography is the study of the content of paintings, rather than their style. Erwin Panofsky and other art historians first seek to understand the things depicted, then their meaning for the viewer at the time, and then analyze their wider cultural, religious, and social meaning.
In 1890, the Parisian painter Maurice Denis famously asserted: "Remember that a painting—before being a warhorse, a naked woman or some story or other—is essentially a flat surface covered with colors assembled in a certain order." Thus, many 20th-century developments in painting, such as Cubism, were reflections on the means of painting rather than on the external world, nature, which had previously been its core subject. Recent contributions to thinking about painting have been offered by the painter and writer Julian Bell. In his book "What is Painting?", Bell discusses the development, through history, of the notion that paintings can express feelings and ideas. In "Mirror of The World" Bell writes:
A "work" of art seeks to hold your attention and keep it fixed: a "history" of art urges it onwards, bulldozing a highway through the homes of the imagination.
Painting media.
Different types of paint are usually identified by the medium that the pigment is suspended or embedded in, which determines the general working characteristics of the paint, such as viscosity, miscibility, solubility, drying time, etc.
Oil.
Oil painting is the process of painting with pigments that are bound with a medium of drying oil—especially in early modern Europe, linseed oil. Often an oil such as linseed was boiled with a resin such as pine resin or even frankincense; these were called 'varnishes' and were prized for their body and gloss. Oil paint eventually became the principal medium used for creating artworks as its advantages became widely known. The transition began with Early Netherlandish painting in northern Europe, and by the height of the Renaissance oil painting techniques had almost completely replaced tempera paints in the majority of Europe.
Pastel.
Pastel is a painting medium in the form of a stick, consisting of pure powdered pigment and a binder. The pigments used in pastels are the same as those used to produce all colored art media, including oil paints; the binder is of a neutral hue and low saturation. The color effect of pastels is closer to the natural dry pigments than that of any other process. Because the surface of a pastel painting is fragile and easily smudged, its preservation requires protective measures such as framing under glass; it may also be sprayed with a fixative. Nonetheless, when made with permanent pigments and properly cared for, a pastel painting may endure unchanged for centuries. Pastels are not susceptible, as are paintings made with a fluid medium, to the cracking and discoloration that result from changes in the color, opacity, or dimensions of the medium as it dries.
Acrylic.
Acrylic paint is fast drying paint containing pigment suspension in acrylic polymer emulsion. Acrylic paints can be diluted with water, but become water-resistant when dry. Depending on how much the paint is diluted (with water) or modified with acrylic gels, media, or pastes, the finished acrylic painting can resemble a watercolor or an oil painting, or have its own unique characteristics not attainable with other media. The main practical difference between most acrylics and oil paints is the inherent drying time. Oils allow for more time to blend colors and apply even glazes over under-paintings. This slow drying aspect of oil can be seen as an advantage for certain techniques, but in other regards it impedes the artist trying to work quickly.
Watercolor.
Watercolor is a painting method in which the paints are made of pigments suspended in a water soluble vehicle. The traditional and most common support for watercolor paintings is paper; other supports include papyrus, bark papers, plastics, vellum or leather, fabric, wood and canvas. In East Asia, watercolor painting with inks is referred to as brush painting or scroll painting. In Chinese, Korean, and Japanese painting it has been the dominant medium, often in monochrome black or browns. India, Ethiopia and other countries also have long traditions. Finger-painting with watercolor paints originated in China. Watercolor pencils (water-soluble color pencils) may be used either wet or dry.
Ink.
Ink paintings are done with a liquid that contains pigments and/or dyes and is used to color a surface to produce an image, text, or design. Ink is used for drawing with a pen, brush, or quill. Ink can be a complex medium, composed of solvents, pigments, dyes, resins, lubricants, solubilizers, surfactants, particulate matter, fluorescers, and other materials. The components of inks serve many purposes; the ink’s carrier, colorants, and other additives control flow and thickness of the ink and its appearance when dry.
Hot wax.
Encaustic painting, also known as hot wax painting, involves using heated beeswax to which colored pigments are added. The liquid/paste is then applied to a surface—usually prepared wood, though canvas and other materials are often used. The simplest encaustic mixture can be made from adding pigments to beeswax, but there are several other recipes that can be used—some containing other types of waxes, damar resin, linseed oil, or other ingredients. Pure, powdered pigments can be purchased and used, though some mixtures use oil paints or other forms of pigment. Metal tools and special brushes can be used to shape the paint before it cools, or heated metal tools can be used to manipulate the wax once it has cooled onto the surface. Other materials can be encased or collaged into the surface, or layered, using the encaustic medium to adhere it to the surface.
Fresco.
Fresco is any of several related mural painting types, done on plaster on walls or ceilings. The word fresco comes from the Italian word "affresco" which derives from the Latin word for "fresh". Frescoes were often made during the Renaissance and other early time periods.
"Buon fresco" technique consists of painting in pigment mixed with water on a thin layer of wet, fresh, lime mortar or plaster, for which the Italian word for plaster, intonaco, is used. "A secco" painting, in contrast, is done on dry plaster ("secco" is "dry" in Italian). The pigments require a binding medium, such as egg (tempera), glue or oil to attach the pigment to the wall.
Gouache.
Gouache is a water based paint consisting of pigment and other materials designed to be used in an opaque painting method. Gouache differs from watercolor in that the particles are larger, the ratio of pigment to water is much higher, and an additional, inert, white pigment such as chalk is also present. This makes gouache heavier and more opaque, with greater reflective qualities. Like all watermedia, it is diluted with water.
Enamel.
Enamels are made by painting a substrate, typically metal, with frit, a type of powdered glass. Minerals called color oxides provide coloration. After firing at a temperature of 750–850 degrees Celsius (1380–1560 degrees Fahrenheit), the result is a fused lamination of glass and metal. Enamels have traditionally been used for decoration of precious objects, but have also been used for other purposes. In the 18th century, enamel painting enjoyed a vogue in Europe, especially as a medium for portrait miniatures. In the late 20th century, the technique of porcelain enamel on metal has been used as a durable medium for outdoor murals.
Spray paint.
Aerosol paint (also called spray paint) is a type of paint that comes in a sealed pressurized container and is released in a fine spray mist when depressing a valve button. A form of spray painting, aerosol paint leaves a smooth, evenly coated surface. Standard sized cans are portable, inexpensive and easy to store. Aerosol primer can be applied directly to bare metal and many plastics.
Speed, portability and permanence also make aerosol paint a common graffiti medium. In the late 1970s, street graffiti writers' signatures and murals became more elaborate and a unique style developed as a factor of the aerosol medium and the speed required for illicit work. Many now recognize graffiti and street art as a unique art form and specifically manufactured aerosol paints are made for the graffiti artist. A stencil can be used to protect a surface except the specific shape that is to be painted. Stencils can be purchased as movable letters, ordered as professionally cut logos or hand-cut by artists.
Tempera.
Tempera, also known as egg tempera, is a permanent, fast-drying painting medium consisting of colored pigment mixed with a water-soluble binder medium (usually a glutinous material such as egg yolk or some other size). Tempera also refers to the paintings done in this medium. Tempera paintings are very long lasting, and examples from the first centuries AD still exist. Egg tempera was a primary method of painting until after 1500 when it was superseded by the invention of oil painting. A paint which is commonly called tempera (although it is not) consisting of pigment and glue size is commonly used and referred to by some manufacturers in America as poster paint.
Water miscible oil paint.
Water miscible oil paints (also called "water soluble" or "water-mixable") is a modern variety of oil paint which is engineered to be thinned and cleaned up with water, rather than having to use chemicals such as turpentine. It can be mixed and applied using the same techniques as traditional oil-based paint, but while still wet it can be effectively removed from brushes, palettes, and rags with ordinary soap and water. Its water solubility comes from the use of an oil medium in which one end of the molecule has been altered to bind loosely to water molecules, as in a solution.
Painting styles.
"Style" is used in two senses: It can refer to the distinctive visual elements, techniques and methods that typify an "individual" artist's work. It can also refer to the movement or school that an artist is associated with. This can stem from an actual group that the artist was consciously involved with or it can be a category in which art historians have placed the painter. The word 'style' in the latter sense has fallen out of favor in academic discussions about contemporary painting, though it continues to be used in popular contexts. Such movements or classifications include the following:
Western.
Modernism.
Modernism describes both a set of cultural tendencies and an array of associated cultural movements, originally arising from wide-scale and far-reaching changes to Western society in the late 19th century and early 20th century. Modernism was a revolt against the conservative values of realism. The term encompasses the activities and output of those who felt the "traditional" forms of art, architecture, literature, religious faith, social organization and daily life were becoming outdated in the new economic, social and political conditions of an emerging fully industrialized world. A salient characteristic of modernism is self-consciousness. This often led to experiments with form, and work that draws attention to the processes and materials used (and to the further tendency of abstraction).
Impressionism.
The first example of modernism in painting was impressionism, a school of painting that initially focused on work done, not in studios, but outdoors ("en plein air"). Impressionist paintings demonstrated that human beings do not see objects, but instead see light itself. The school gathered adherents despite internal divisions among its leading practitioners, and became increasingly influential. Initially rejected from the most important commercial show of the time, the government-sponsored Paris Salon, the Impressionists organized yearly group exhibitions in commercial venues during the 1870s and 1880s, timing them to coincide with the official Salon. A significant event of 1863 was the Salon des Refusés, created by Emperor Napoleon III to display all of the paintings rejected by the Paris Salon.
Abstract styles.
Abstract painting uses a visual language of form, color and line to create a composition which may exist with a degree of independence from visual references in the world. Abstract expressionism was an American post-World War II art movement which had a combination of the emotional intensity and self-denial of the German Expressionists with the anti-figurative aesthetic of the European abstract schools such as Futurism, the Bauhaus and Synthetic Cubism and the image of being rebellious, anarchic, highly idiosyncratic and, some feel, nihilistic.
Action painting, sometimes called "gestural abstraction", is a style of painting in which paint is spontaneously dribbled, splashed or smeared onto the canvas, rather than being carefully applied. The resulting work often emphasizes the physical act of painting itself as an essential aspect of the finished work or concern of its artist. The style was widespread from the 1940s until the early 1960s, and is closely associated with abstract expressionism (some critics have used the terms "action painting" and "abstract expressionism" interchangeably).
Other modernist styles include:
Other styles.
Outsider art.
The term outsider art was coined by art critic Roger Cardinal in 1972 as an English synonym for art brut (, "raw art" or "rough art"), a label created by French artist Jean Dubuffet to describe art created outside the boundaries of official culture; Dubuffet focused particularly on art by insane-asylum inmates. Outsider art has emerged as a successful art marketing category (an annual Outsider Art Fair has taken place in New York since 1992). The term is sometimes misapplied as a catch-all marketing label for art created by people outside the mainstream "art world," regardless of their circumstances or the content of their work.
Photorealism.
Photorealism is the genre of painting based on using the camera and photographs to gather information and then from this information, creating a painting that appears to be very realistic like a photograph. The term is primarily applied to paintings from the United States art movement that began in the late 1960s and early 1970s. As a full-fledged art movement, Photorealism evolved from Pop Art and as a counter to Abstract Expressionism.
Hyperrealism is a genre of painting and sculpture resembling a high-resolution photograph. Hyperrealism is a fully fledged school of art and can be considered an advancement of Photorealism by the methods used to create the resulting paintings or sculptures. The term is primarily applied to an independent art movement and art style in the United States and Europe that has developed since the early 2000s.
Surrealism.
Surrealism is a cultural movement that began in the early 1920s, and is best known for the visual artworks and writings of the group members. Surrealist artworks feature the element of surprise, unexpected juxtapositions and non sequitur; however, many Surrealist artists and writers regard their work as an expression of the philosophical movement first and foremost, with the works being an artifact. Leader André Breton was explicit in his assertion that Surrealism was above all a revolutionary movement.
Surrealism developed out of the Dada activities of World War I and the most important center of the movement was Paris. From the 1920s onward, the movement spread around the globe, eventually affecting the visual arts, literature, film and music of many countries and languages, as well as political thought and practice, philosophy and social theory.
Idioms.
Allegory.
Allegory is a figurative mode of representation conveying meaning other than the literal. Allegory communicates its message by means of symbolic figures, actions or symbolic representation. Allegory is generally treated as a figure of rhetoric, but an allegory does not have to be expressed in language: it may be addressed to the eye, and is often found in realistic painting. An example of a simple visual allegory is the image of the grim reaper. Viewers understand that the image of the grim reaper is a symbolic representation of death.
Bodegón.
In Spanish art, a bodegón is a still life painting depicting pantry items, such as victuals, game, and drink, often arranged on a simple stone slab, and also a painting with one or more figures, but significant still life elements, typically set in a kitchen or tavern. Starting in the Baroque period, such paintings became popular in Spain in the second quarter of the 17th century. The tradition of still life painting appears to have started and was far more popular in the contemporary Low Countries, today Belgium and Netherlands (then Flemish and Dutch artists), than it ever was in southern Europe. Northern still lifes had many sub-genres: the "breakfast piece" was augmented by the "trompe-l'œil", the "flower bouquet", and the "vanitas". In Spain there were much fewer patrons for this sort of thing, but a type of "breakfast piece" did become popular, featuring a few objects of food and tableware laid on a table.
Body painting.
Body painting is a form of body art. Unlike tattoo and other forms of body art, body painting is temporary, painted onto the human skin, and lasts for only several hours, or at most (in the case of Mehndi or "henna tattoo") a couple of weeks. Body painting that is limited to the face is known as face painting. Body painting is also referred to as (a form of) temporary tattoo; large scale or full-body painting is more commonly referred to as body painting, while smaller or more detailed work is generally referred to as temporary tattoos.
Figure painting.
A Figure painting is a work of art in any of the painting media with the primary subject being the human figure, whether clothed or nude.
Figure painting may also refer to the activity of creating such a work. The human figure has been one of the contrast subjects of art since the first stone age cave paintings, and has been reinterpreted in various styles throughout history. Some artists well known for figure painting are Peter Paul Rubens, Edgar Degas, and Édouard Manet.
Illustration painting.
Illustration paintings are those used as illustrations in books, magazines, and theater or movie posters and comic books. Today, there is a growing interest in collecting and admiring the original artwork. Various museum exhibitions, magazines and art galleries have devoted space to the illustrators of the past. In the visual art world, illustrators have sometimes been considered less important in comparison with fine artists and graphic designers. But as the result of computer game and comic industry growth, illustrations are becoming valued as popular and profitable art works that can acquire a wider market than the other two, especially in Korea, Japan, Hong Kong and USA.
Landscape painting.
Landscape painting is a term that covers the depiction of natural scenery such as mountains, valleys, trees, rivers, and forests, and especially art where the main subject is a wide view, with its elements arranged into a coherent composition. In other works landscape backgrounds for figures can still form an important part of the work. Sky is almost always included in the view, and weather is often an element of the composition. Detailed landscapes as a distinct subject are not found in all artistic traditions, and develop when there is already a sophisticated tradition of representing other subjects. The two main traditions spring from Western painting and Chinese art, going back well over a thousand years in both cases.
Portrait painting.
Portrait paintings are representations of a person, in which the face and its expression is predominant. The intent is to display the likeness, personality, and even the mood of the person. The art of the portrait flourished in Ancient Greek and especially Roman sculpture, where sitters demanded individualized and realistic portraits, even unflattering ones. One of the best-known portraits in the Western world is Leonardo da Vinci's painting titled "Mona Lisa", which is thought to be a portrait of Lisa Gherardini, the wife of Francesco del Giocondo.
Still life.
A still life is a work of art depicting mostly inanimate subject matter, typically commonplace objects which may be either natural (food, flowers, plants, rocks, or shells) or man-made (drinking glasses, books, vases, jewelry, coins, pipes, and so on). With origins in the Middle Ages and Ancient Greek/Roman art, still life paintings give the artist more leeway in the arrangement of design elements within a composition than do paintings of other types of subjects such as landscape or portraiture. Still life paintings, particularly before 1700, often contained religious and allegorical symbolism relating to the objects depicted. Some modern still life breaks the two-dimensional barrier and employs three-dimensional mixed media, and uses found objects, photography, computer graphics, as well as video and sound.
Veduta.
A Veduta is a highly detailed, usually large-scale painting of a cityscape or some other vista. This genre of landscape originated in Flanders, where artists such as Paul Brill painted "vedute" as early as the 16th century. As the itinerary of the Grand Tour became somewhat standardized, "vedute" of familiar scenes like the Roman Forum or the Grand Canal recalled early ventures to the Continent for aristocratic Englishmen. In the later 19th century, more personal impressions of cityscapes replaced the desire for topographical accuracy, which was satisfied instead by painted panoramas.

</doc>
<doc id="18622209" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18622209" title="Ruud Kaiser">
Ruud Kaiser

Ruud Kaiser (born December 26, 1960 in Amsterdam) is a former Dutch association football player and the current manager of Eerste Divisie side FC Den Bosch.
Career.
Kaiser, who played as a striker, began his career with his hometown club, Ajax, before leaving in 1980 to join Antwerp. He would later play for Coventry City and OGC Nice before returning to the Netherlands with FC Den Bosch and SVV. He ended his career in Belgium with KFC Dessel Sport.
Coaching career.
He then moved into coaching, where he has earned a reputation as a specialist at spotting and working with young players. Kaiser spent seven years at TOP Oss, working in a variety of sporting development roles, before taking on his first managerial responsibilities at RBC, whom he managed from 1997 to 1999. He then moved to the Royal Dutch Football Association, where he initially served as assistant manager to the Olympic team, who were unable to qualify for the 2000 Olympics. In 2001 he took over as head coach of the Netherlands U-17 team, where he had his greatest successes. Working with future stars such as Rafael van der Vaart, Robin van Persie, Nigel de Jong, Arjen Robben and Wesley Sneijder, he led the team to runner-up spot in the 2005 UEFA European Under-17 Football Championship and third place in the 2005 FIFA U-17 World Championship. During this time he also headed up international scouting for the Dutch FA.
From 2006 to 2007 Kaiser was coach of the Chelsea Academy, and was appointed as Dynamo Dresden manager in July 2008, replacing Eduard Geyer who was fired on 4 October 2009.
Dynamo struggled for the first-half of Kaiser's first season in charge, with the team generally performing well, but unable to convert this into goals. Things picked up in the second half of the season, though, and the team finished in a respectable position in the top half of the 3. Liga table. However, the following season also started badly, and in October, with six defeats in the first twelve games, Dynamo found themselves in the relegation zone, and Kaiser was sacked.
In April 2010 Kaiser signed a two-year contract with Regionalliga Nord side 1. FC Magdeburg, taking over managing duties on 1 July 2010. He is the first foreign manager at the club and is tasked with building a squad that is capable of winning promotion in the 2011-2012 season. However, after a string of bad results brought the side dangerously close to relegation, Kaiser was let go on 17 March 2011, to be succeeded by Wolfgang Sandhowe. After being technical director of Lierse SK for two years, Kaiser returned to a managerial role by signing with Eerste Divisie side FC Den Bosch from July 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="18622218" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18622218" title="Polnisches Schutzmannschaftsbataillon 107">
Polnisches Schutzmannschaftsbataillon 107

Schutzmannschaftsbataillon 107 was a failed unit of Nazi German auxiliary police in General Government. Created in late 1943 in Volodymyr-Volynskyi (Włodzimierz Wołyński), the battalion did not take part in combat. It was made up of 450 local Poles from Volhynia under the German command, purposed to guard railway lines. In January 1944 the entire battalion deserted, and joined Armia Krajowa in defence of civilians against the wave of massacres of Poles in Volhynia. 
Notably, there were no trained policemen there, in contrast to "Polnisches Schutzmannschaftsbataillon 202" formed in Kraków from the regular Polish city-police called "Einheimische Polizei" (conscripted under the penalty of concentration camp); whose members also deserted to Polish 27th Home Army Infantry Division nevertheless.

</doc>
<doc id="18622222" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18622222" title="Grupo Antolin">
Grupo Antolin

Grupo Antolin is a Spanish multinational company which designs and manufactures interior automotive components. It was founded in 1950s, the first company founded by the Antolin family in Burgos (Spain).
In the 1990s, the company began setting up manufacturing locations abroad, and as of 2010 has presence in 22 countries, through 86 plants and 20 Technical-Commercial Offices and employs 10,736 people with total sales 1,596 million Euros for 2009.
Its president is José Antolin Toledano. It is a private company owned by Antolin Family.
External links.
they launched

</doc>
<doc id="18622227" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18622227" title="Katrina Adams">
Katrina Adams

Katrina Adams (born August 5, 1968) is a former professional United States tennis player from Chicago. Her highest singles ranking was 67 on May 8, 1989.
Early life.
Adams joined a tennis program on West Side, Chicago when she was six years old. She attended Whitney Young High School, becoming Illinois High School Association singles champion in 1983 and 1984, and Northwestern University. After winning the National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) doubles title with Diane Donnelly in 1987, she was twice voted All-American.
Results.
Adams won seven of her 20 WTA doubles titles between 1987 and 1996 partnering Zina Garrison.
Her best Grand Slam singles result was in the 1988 Wimbledon Championships when she reached the fourth round, losing to Chris Evert 5–7 6–3 6–0.
Post-Retirement.
Adams has been a television commentator for the Tennis Channel since 2003, and is also an executive director of the Harlem Junior Tennis League.
References.
"Katrina Adams"

</doc>
<doc id="18622244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18622244" title="ACCENT Speakers Bureau">
ACCENT Speakers Bureau

ACCENT Speakers Bureau is the Student Government-run speakers' bureau of the University of Florida. It claims to be the largest student-run speakers' bureau in the United States
The organization is a Student Government agency.
It was created in 1967 and its speakers' series was created originally as a symposium, with the first featuring author Ralph Nader and then Vice President Richard Nixon as the headline speakers. The next year the symposium featured a "liberal versus conservative" debate featuring Harry Goldin and James J. Kilpatrick. The symposium was accompanied by a politically charged magazine which featured writing from political science students and professors at the University of Florida. Over time, ACCENT broke away from the symposium format and turned into a year-long speaker series.
Speakers.
In any given year, the Chairman must stretch the budget to bring in speakers that the Student Body would like to hear speak. While most shows are sponsored solely by ACCENT, many other student organizations turn to ACCENT for different events. Organizations like, but not limited to, Black Student Union, Jewish Student Union, Hispanic Student Union, Asian American Student Union, Pride Student Union, Islam on Campus and the Board of College Councils work with the ACCENT to bring in speakers that are both relevant to their group and hold wide appeal.
Organizational information.
Student government.
ACCENT has the second largest budget out of all the agencies, as well as the largest staff. Chapter 563 of the University of Florida Student Body Statues outlines the general practices of the Speakers Bureau.
Staff structure.
Over 50 student volunteers work with the Chairman to put time and energy to bring speakers to the University of Florida. The Chairman is required to appoint three Vice Chairs, but the remainder of the organizational structure is left up to the Chairman. Vice Chairships, Directorships, and Assistant Directorships range from productions to promotions and every job in between. Applications are usually found on the official website at the beginning of each semester.

</doc>
<doc id="18622263" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18622263" title="Harold Beardmore">
Harold Beardmore

Harold Beardmore, OBE, AKC (13 November 1898 – 17 November 1968) was a Bishop in the Anglican church.
Education.
He was educated at Berkhamsted School and King's College London. 
Career.
He was a chaplain to the Royal Navy from 1927 to 1947. He was appointed Dean of Port of Spain, Trinidad in 1947, and Archdeacon of Basutoland in 1952. He was appointed Bishop of St. Helena in 1960.

</doc>
<doc id="18622264" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18622264" title="Poole Museum">
Poole Museum

Poole Museum (formerly known as the Waterfront Museum) is a local history museum situated on the Lower High Street in the Old Town area of Poole, Dorset, and is part of the Borough of Poole Museum Service. Entrance to Poole Museum is free.
History.
Opened in 1989 and set in a 19th-century harbour warehouse, Poole Museum illustrates the story of the town and its people. A major refurbishment of the museum took place in 2005 at a cost of £1.3 million funded by the Heritage Lottery Fund and local fundraising. The renovated museum opened in July 2007 with new public facilities including a terrace and a visitor lounge with views over Poole Harbour and the Old Town and a new glass atrium entrance designed by architects Horden Cherry Lee. The centre piece of the museum is the 2,000 year old Poole Logboat, an Iron Age vessel which was found in 1964 during dredging work in Poole Harbour. The museum also has a floor devoted to the history of Poole Pottery and some of the company's products are on display. Other galleries have displays telling the history of Poole from prehistory through to the 21st century.
On the third floor of the Museum, with a terrace overlooking Poole Harbour, is Cafe Explore, the Museum's new cafe, serving breakfast, lunch and tea dishes and drinks.
Attached to the main Poole Museum building, in the Grade I listed medieval town cellars, is the Local History Centre containing an extensive library of material involving Poole's heritage supported by microfilmed and digitised material. Poole Museum Service also manages Scaplen's Court Museum and Garden, situated next to Poole Museum. This is a Grade I listed medieval townhouse, which is opened to the public in August. The Garden is open May to September.
Exhibitions.
From March to May 2014 the Museum will be staging the Poole Open 2014, a contemporary open art exhibition showing work reflecting the themes of the Museum. From June 2014 there will be an exhibition showcasing finds from the Swash Channel Wreck, one of the most important shipwrecks found in British waters.The exhibition will trace the history of this high status early 17th century ship and will focus on the excavation and conservation of the wreck.
Entrance to the exhibition is free.

</doc>
<doc id="18622271" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18622271" title="NOZA, Inc.">
NOZA, Inc.

NOZA, Inc., formerly a privately held Santa Barbara, California-based company established in 2006 by Craig Harris, was acquired in 2010 by Blackbaud. 
Blackbaud incorporated the application NOZAsearch into its analytics offering for nonprofit organizations as an Internet search engine and online database built for fundraising and prospect research by nonprofit and charitable organizations.
History.
After completing service as a Peace Corps volunteer in the 1990s, Harris joined with other former Peace Corps volunteers to found SEPA, Servicios Ecoforestales para Agricultores, a Paraguayan agroforestry demonstration farm. Initial funding was provided by private investors.
Distinguishing features.
NOZAsearch, first developed in 2005 by a team which included Chief technical officer Lonny Rollins, COO David Ruehlman and Executive Vice President Dan Cudahy is proprietary. Search results dating from 1994 to the present are isolated and converted from publicly, though not necessarily currently, available Internet sources into a relational database and derive from, and include, charities’ annual reports, newsletters, capital and other campaign lists, and lists of event sponsors.
Competitive position.
Blackbaud claims the database contains more than 69,000,000 records.

</doc>
<doc id="18622272" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18622272" title="Lifecapture Interactive">
Lifecapture Interactive

Lifecapture Interactive is Toronto, Ontario based online marketing agency. Specializing in building Interactive websites and Social Marketing the company has done work for a large number blue chip Canadian brands.
Lifecapture placed on PROFIT magazine's prestigious 2006 and 2007 HOT 50 lists, which ranks Canada's fastest-growing companies.

</doc>
<doc id="18622297" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18622297" title="History of FC Basel">
History of FC Basel

Fußball Club Basel 1893 has a long and illustrious history, having competed at the highest level of football in Switzerland for many years, currently in the Swiss Super League. Founded in 1893, Basel play home games at St. Jakob-Park, which is currently the largest club stadium in Switzerland. In 2005-06, St. Jakob-Park attracted an average attendance of 23,500, making Basel the most highly supported football club in Switzerland.
In 1968, Basel competed in the European Cup for the first time, but only reached the First Round. The highest stage Basel ever reached in the competition was in 1974 when they reached the Quarter-Finals before being eliminated by Celtic. In 2001, Basel reached the Final of the UEFA Intertoto Cup where they were defeated by Aston Villa. Then in 2003 they battled through to the Second Group Stage of the UEFA Champions League.
Early history.
FC Basel was started by an advertisement on 12 November 1893 that appeared in the Basler national newspaper requesting that a football team be formed and that anyone that wished to join should meet up the following Wednesday at 8:15. So, on 15 November 1893, FC Basel was born in the city of Basel. One of the early club captains was Joan Gamper, who later founded FC Barcelona in Spain. FC Basel did not have much of an early footballing success; it took them 40 years to win their first trophy, winning the Swiss Cup in 1933 when they defeated arch-rivals and reigning cup-holders Grasshopper Club Zürich 4–3, in what is now considered to be one of the best cup finals in Swiss football history. They won the cup again in 1947 when they beat Lausanne Sports, who had also been runners-up the previous year, 3–0 in the final at the Stadion Neufeld in Bern. Paul Stöcklin scored two goals and René Bader scored the other one. Basel won their first league title in 1953, with club legend Bader then as player-manager. Basel ended the season three points ahead of BSC Young Boys. The team line up under Manager Bader that year was Werner Schley, Walter Müller, Walter Bannwart, Walter Bielser, Werner Bopp, Hansruedi Fitze, Hans Hügi, Josef "Sepp" Hügi, René Bader, Kurt Maurer, Georges Mogoy, Peter Redolfi, Kurt Thalmann and Hans Weber.
Success and Relegation.
Basel won their first trophy of the new decade in 1963; with Czechoslovakian manager Georges Sobotka at the helm, Basel stormed to Swiss Cup glory by overcoming Grasshopper Club Zürich 2-0 in the final. But, FCB (which is pronounced "Eff Tsay Bay" in Swiss German) came to prominence in the late 1960s under the management of Helmut Benthaus and with quality players such as Karl Odermatt and Ottmar Hitzfeld. Benthaus' first league win as Basel manager was in 1967, finishing a single point above FC Zürich. A cup final victory over Lausanne Sports also came later in the season. This led to Basel qualifying to play in the European Cup, for the first time, in 1968. Basel were knocked out of the tournament in the First Round, however, by Danish side Akademisk Boldklub. Basel's next league win came in 1969, when they once again finished just one point above the runners-up, who this time were Lausanne Sports. This meant that Basel could embark on another European adventure, but they, once again, failed to overcome the first hurdle, who were Celtic of Scotland. In the 1969/70 season, Basel won the league by one point over Lausanne Sports, once again. The European Cup was a little kinder to Basel in 1970, as they reached the Second Round, losing to Ajax, after defeating Soviets Spartak Moscow in the First Round. Basel did not retain their title the next season despite finishing with the same amount of points as the winners, Grasshopper Club Zürich, who won it on head-to-head. After a trophy-less season, Basel then won two league titles in-a-row, in 1972 and '73. They also won the League Cup in 1973. In Europe, Basel failed to impress, once again, in 1972, as they were sent crashing out at the first stage by Hungary's Újpesti Dózsa SC but in the 1973/74 season they excelled; eliminating Icelanders Fram Reykjavík and Club Brugge of Belgium, before narrowly exiting in the Quarter-Finals to Celtic 5-6 on aggregate. Despite Basel's improvement on the European stage, they did not retain the league for another four years, but they did manage to lift the Swiss Cup in 1975, beating FC Winterthur 2-1 after extra time. Basel's long awaited title-win came in 1977 as they triumphed over Servette FC in a playoff. This meant that Basel returned to play in the European Cup but they were defeated in the First Round, once more, by FC Wacker Innsbruck of Austria, after showing so much promise on their last European outing. After the success of the 1976/77 season, Basel endured two seasons of below-par performances and mid-table finishes until glory returned in 1980, as Basel won the Nationalliga A title through the playoff. However, manager Helmut Benthaus left in 1982 and in the following seasons, Basel's final league positions started to drop until their relegation into the Nationalliga B in 1988. Several managers came and went at St. Jakob Stadium between then and when Basel finally returned to Nationalliga A in 1994, under Claude Andrey. Basel avoided relegation by three points in their first season back at the top-flight, but Andrey left and was replaced by Karl Engel. Engel led Basel to a fifth-place finish in his first season in charge and a solid mid-table finish in 1997, but he was sacked after a poor start to the 1997/98 campaign, in which Basel finished second-bottom. Jörg Berger then took over, but lasted only a year in charge before Christian Gross came.
Under Gross.
1999-2005.
Gross' appointment went hand-in-hand with the financial backing that had just been put into the club and it was not long until Basel returned to the top. When St. Jakob-Park was opened in 2001, success returned. In 2002 FCB won the Double (Swiss Championship and Swiss Cup) and reached the final of the UEFA Intertoto Cup. In the following season they were the second Swiss team to ever play in the Champions League. Their first game was in the Second Qualifying Round against MŠK Žilina of Slovakia. They won 4-1 on aggregate. In the next round they faced Scottish giants Celtic F.C.. In the first leg at Celtic Park the home side won 3-1, but in the second leg at St. Jakob-Park, FCB came away with a famous 2-0 victory. This meant Basel progressed on the away goals rule after a 3-3 aggregate draw. In the First Group Stage, FCB were drawn into Group B with Valencia CF, Liverpool F.C. and FC Spartak Moscow. On Matchday One, Basel defeated Spartak 2-0 at home. Then on Matchday Two, FCB travelled to Anfield where they managed to draw 1-1 against Liverpool. After a great start to the group stage, FCB were brought back down to earth when they were defeated 6-2 by Valencia at the Estadio Mestalla. They bounced back, however, and held Valencia to a 2-2 draw in the next fixture. Basel were now sitting in second place in the group but they would still need to win at least one of their last two games and hope that Liverpool would not pick up more than two points to secure that place. In Matchday Five, Liverpool lost 1-0 to Valencia and FCB won 2-0 against Spartak at the Luzhniki Stadium. Basel's place in the last 16 was all but secured, although they still had to make sure they did not lose to Liverpool in the last game of the first group stage. On the last Matchday Basel were 3-0 at half-time through goals from Julio Hernán Rossi, Christian Eduardo Giménez and Timothée Atouba. The second half was a different story, though, and Liverpool fought back to draw 3-3. This was still enough for FCB to qualify for the Second Group Stage. In the last 16, Basel faced Manchester United F.C., Juventus F.C. and Deportivo de La Coruña. They had a poor start, losing back to back games against Manchester United at home and Juventus away. FCB then faced Deportivo in a double-header, with the home side winning 1-0 in both games. Arguably two of FCB's greatest games came next as they held Manchester United to a 1-1 draw at Old Trafford and claimed a 2-1 victory over Juventus at St. Jakob-Park. Despite picking up the same number of points as second placed Juventus, Basel crashed out on goal difference. Basel finished second in the Swiss Super League that season and won the Swiss Cup after beating Neuchâtel Xamax 6-0 in the final.
After being the surprise package in Europe in the 2002/03 season, Basel could not bring this form into the UEFA Cup in 2003/04 as they were eliminated by Newcastle United F.C. in the second round after defeating Malatyaspor in the previous round.
The club did go on to achieve some success in the Europe in 2004/05, though, as they were dropped into the UEFA Cup after being eliminated by F.C. Internazionale Milano in the Qualification Stage of the UEFA Champions League. After they defeated Russian side FC Terek Grozny in the First Round they faced considerabley tougher opponents Feyenoord Rotterdam, FC Schalke 04, Ferencvárosi TC and Heart of Midlothian in the Group Stage. They drew 1-1 away to Schalke, were defeated 2-1 at home by Hearts, beat Ferencváros 2-1 at Stadion Albert Flórián and won 1-0 against Feyenoord at home. They finished third in the group on seven points and qualified for the Round of 32 where they were defeated 2-0 on aggregate by Lille OSC. Basel also won the Domestic Title during the 2004/05 campaign.
As Swiss champions, Basel entered the UEFA Champions League third qualifying round against German Bundesliga club SV Werder Bremen in 2005. Basel won the first leg 2-1 at St. Jakob-Park but lost 3-0 at the Weserstadion in the second leg, the aggregate 4-2 in Werder's favour. Basel were then dropped into the UEFA Cup where they met NK Široki Brijeg of Bosnia and Herzegovina in the First Round. Basel sealed a 6-0 aggregate win and were drawn into Group E alongside RC Strasbourg, A.S. Roma, Red Star Belgrade and Tromsø I.L.. FCB lost the first group match 2-0 against Strasbourg at home but won 2-1 away to Red Star, giving themselves an opportunity to progress to the next round if they won their next game against Tromsø. They did in a seven-goal thriller, winning 4-3 and securing 3rd place. The last match of the group was against Italian giants Roma at the Stadio Olimpico where the Serie A club won 3-1. In the Round of 32 FCB came up against AS Monaco who they beat 2-1 on aggregate after a 1-1 stalemate in Monaco and a 1-0 victory for Basel in Switzerland. As Basel progressed to the last 16 they played against Strasbourg once again. FCB won the first leg 2-0 and drew 2-2 in the second leg, winning 4-2 overall. In the Quarter-Finals the club came up against Middlesbrough F.C.. FCB won 2-0 at home and looked certain to progress as they travelled to the Riverside Stadium. This was not the case, however, as the Englishmen fought back to win the match 4-1 and the tie 4-3.
On 13 May 2006, the FCB lost a league game in the St. Jakob-Park for the first time since 1 December 2002, when they fell 1:2 against FC Zürich, resulting in riots and property damage by hooligans of both the FCB and their rival after the match (see 2006 Basel Hooligan Incident for more details).
On 26 February 2006 FC Basel broke their own club record of 52 unbeaten league games in the St. Jakob Park. The new record is 59, but the streak ended there on the final day of the season with a last-minute goal by Iulian Filipescu of FC Zürich, knocking Basel out of contention and giving Zürich their first national championship since 1980/81. A sixtieth straight home league match undefeated would have made Basel champions once again, but the final score was 1:2 in favour of Zürich.
2006-"present".
2006/07 Season.
FC Basel's European campaign of 2006 started in the first qualifying stage of the UEFA Cup when they beat Kazakhi side FC Tobol 3-1 on aggregate. In the second round they played against Liechtensteiner team FC Vaduz, narrowly progressing on the away goals rule after a 2-2 aggregate draw. They were then put up against Macedonians FK Rabotnički. Basel won 6-2 at St. Jakob-Park and 1-0 at the Skopje City Stadium to qualify for the group stages where they faced tough opposition, Blackburn Rovers of England, AS Nancy of France, Feyenoord of The Netherlands and Wisła Kraków of Poland. Basel's first game came against Feyenoord at home. They came away with a respectable 1-1 draw. Their next group match was at Ewood Park against Blackburn Rovers. Basel played reasonably well but shaky defending became their downfall. AS Nancy, at home, were their next opponents and the match ended in a 2-2 draw. Basel's last group game was against Wisła Kraków at the Wisła Stadium. FCB needed a win to qualify but their poor European campaign came to an end after losing 3-1 despite taking an early lead through Mladen Petrić.
Basel won the Swiss Cup after beating FC Luzern 1-0. The winning goal came from the penalty spot through Daniel Majstorović in the 93rd minute.
FCB finished in second place in the Swiss Super League, just one point behind winners FC Zürich. This was despite the club defeating Zürich in three of four of their direct meetings in that league campaign.
2007/08 Season.
In 2007, Basel were drawn against Bosnian minnows FK Sarajevo in the first qualifying round of the UEFA Cup, a tie that Basel won 8-1 on aggregate. In the next round Basel faced a considerably tougher opponent in the form of SV Mattersburg of Austria. Nonetheless, Basel finished the tie off with a 4-0 away win after a 2-1 victory at St. Jakob-Park. Basel were then drawn into a 'death group' of Group D alongside SK Brann, NK Dinamo Zagreb, Hamburger SV and Stade Rennais FC, all of which were ranked within the top 3 of their own leagues at the start of the stage. Basel won their first UEFA Cup group game against Rennes at home 1-0 thanks to a Marco Streller header. Their next game was away to Dinamo Zagreb in which Basel earned a valuable away point thanks to on form goalkeeper Franco Costanzo who kept the game at 0-0 for 90 minutes. They then faced Brann at St. Jakob-Park where they won 1-0 through a Carlitos free-kick and were highly praised for playing attractive and flowing football. Basel then went to Germany to face Hamburg at the HSH Nordbank Arena where they were fortunate to escape with a 1-1 draw. The goals came courtesy of captain Ivan Ergić and Hamburg's Ivica Olić. Basel then faced Sporting Clube de Portugal in the last 32 after qualifying 2nd in the group alongside 1st placed Hamburg and 3rd placed Brann. Sporting Lisbon finished third in their group in the UEFA Champions League, which is why they were dropped into the UEFA Cup. The first leg took place on the 13th of February in Lisbon where the first choice goalkeeper, Franco Costanzo, was injured and Basel lost 2-0. The second leg did not fair any better for Basel. Costanzo remained injured and Basel lost 3-0 on the 21st of February in Basel, resulting in the knock out of the UEFA Cup.
FC Basel won the Swiss Cup for the second consecutive season after beating second-tier side AC Bellinzona 4-1 at St. Jakob-Park on Sunday 6 April 2008. Eren Derdiyok gave Basel the lead in the first half before Bellinzona equalised through Christian Pouga in the second. Daniel Majstorović restored the lead for Basel with a header and Swiss internationalists Marco Streller and Benjamin Huggel scored one goal each to make the final scoreline 4-1 in Basel's favour.
Basel won the Swiss Super League for the first time since 2005 on the 10 May 2008 at St. Jakob-Park after a 2-0 win over title threats BSC Young Boys. It was the last game of the season and Basel only needed a point from the match to win the Championship but if Young Boys won then they would be champions, exactly the same situation as the end of the 2005/06 season, only it was between Basel and FC Zürich then. The painful memories of losing the league on the last day of the season in 2006 seemed to spur FCB on as they took an early lead through Valentin Stocker before Marco Streller wrapped up the victory with the second.
This rounded off a highly successful season for Basel as they conquered on the domestic front, winning both the Swiss Super League and Swiss Cup, and reaching the last 32 of the UEFA Cup.
2008-2009 Season.
Ivan Ergić resigned from being club captain before the start of the season, and Franco Costanzo was unveiled as the new captain a day before the season kicked off.
Basel entered the Champions League in the Second Qualifying Round and were drawn against IFK Göteborg of Sweden. The first leg was on July 30, 2008 at Ullevi and finished 1-1. Benjamin Huggel put Basel ahead before Thomas Olsson equalised for the home team. The second leg took place on August 6 at St. Jakob-Park; with Basel coming from behind twice to win 4-2. Pontus Wernbloom put Göteborg ahead on 19 minutes before Benjamin Huggel equalised soon after. Early in the second half Robin Söder restored Göteborg's lead. But Basel fought back, with Scott Chipperfield equalising. Then Basel got a penalty due to a supposed hands ball in the box. Replays showed that the referee had made the wrong decision. The penalty was scored, and eventually led to the victory. Basel then faced Vitória S.C. of Portugal in the Third Qualifying Round. The first leg at Estádio D. Afonso Henriques, on August 13, ended honours even, in a 0-0 draw. The second leg took place on August 27 at St. Jakob-Park where Valentin Stocker gave Basel an early lead on 11 minutes before João Alves was fouled in the penalty area by François Marque and João Fajardo dispatched the spot-kick, just four minutes later to draw Vitória level. In the second half, the away side started well but Eren Derdiyok gave FCB a 2-1 lead which they hung on to, to qualify for the UEFA Champions League Group Stages.
FCB were drawn into Group C alongside FC Barcelona, FC Shakhtar Donetsk and Sporting Clube de Portugal. Basel lost their opening game 2-1 at St. Jakob-Park on September 16 against Shakhtar. Fernandinho put the Ukrainians ahead on 25 minutes before Jádson doubled their lead just before half time. David Abraham scored a late consolation goal for the home team. Sporting Lisbon were the opponents on Matchday 2 (October 1) and despite defending well and causing a few scares at the other end of the park, Basel were defeated 2-0 at the Estádio José Alvalade. On Matchday 3 (October 22), Barcelona visited Basel and came away with a 5-0 win, but a fortnight later it was a different story as FCB came away with a respectable 1-1 draw at the Camp Nou, with Eren Derdiyok scoring a late equaliser after Lionel Messi put "Barça" ahead. On November 26, Basel travelled to Ukraine, to play Shakhtar, where they were thrashed 5-0. Basel then faced Sporting at home on the final Matchday (December 9) and were defeated 1-0.
Basel finished the 2008-09 season in third place (their worst finish since 2001), ending with two consecutive losses to Grasshoppers and Young Boys. On May 27, Coach Gross' contract was terminated, effective at the end of the final match two days later, bringing his very eventful ten-year tenure as Basel manager to an end. On June 6, Thorsten Fink was hired as his replacement.

</doc>
<doc id="18622300" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18622300" title="CreateDebate">
CreateDebate

CreateDebate is a user-driven social debating website / forum which serves to facilitate discourse on topics of users' choosing and other things like comedy questions like which is better s'mores or candy? CreateDebate combines social networking technologies with debating and voting in a social and democratic nature.
Functionality.
The CreateDebate platform provides a structure that lets people see in theory most convincing arguments are within each debate, and which side of a debate has the most popular support. People can create two kinds of debates and argue any topic they are passionate about (Usually dramaish in nature). The CreateDebate community then votes the arguments "up" or "down" which is commonly abused. Over time, the most convincing arguments rise to the top of the debate, which distills out the central points and most relevant factors. CreateDebate categorizes debates into various topics including: Politics, Technology, Shopping, Religion, Travel, Science, World, Sports, Business, and Comedy, although users can create debates about any topic they are interested in. The creator of the debate, or the Debate Moderator, chooses the title, information, category, and end date of the debate, and has the power to ban users from the debate which is also commonly abused. 
CreateDebate is a social networking site designed to help groups of people sort through food, drinks, and opinions in an organized manner, so that better decisions can be made. Each user has a user profile, which automatically builds itself over time. "Allies", "Enemies" and "Hostile" relationships are tracked although it doesn't do much and a news feed provides personalized updates . Debate and arguments activity is also automatically tracked so its easy to find new content. A points system keeps tabs on participation to allow users to identify the top debaters in a number of categories. The research feature allows people to pipe RSS content from the web into any debate.
Debate Types.
There are currently three types of debates available for creation on the site; the 2-Sided Debate the Perspective Debate and the Challenge Debate. The 2-Sided Debate Consists of two different columns, each representing a viewpoint pertinent to the motion. These "sides" are expressed as the debate creator sees fit, but mostly fall into the categories "Yes/Agree" and "No/Disagree", relative to the motion. The default argument tags in a 2-sided debate are identical to the side the user posts their argument on, though new tags can be created at users' discretion. A Perspective style debate allows for limitless viewpoints and includes only one column for all arguments. The Challenge Debate is similar to 2-Sided Debate but only 2 people can post on it. In the three types of debate, the Moderator can choose whether the debate will end at a specific point or continue indefinitely.
History.
CreateDebate changed hands in December of 2010. The new owner operates the site from Illinois. 
CreateDebate was started by CreateDebate, LLC of Arlington, VA. The private beta version of the site was launched on February 28, 2008 and the public beta of CreateDebate was introduced on April 29, 2008.
CreateDebate was founded out of the Robert H. Smith School of Business and won the March 2008 Dingman Center for Entrepreneurship competition.
The end of quality.
The end of quality was caused by rampant trolling and other factors and major user decline in the population of createdebate with many famous users ending or quiting. This is also caused by a lack of intelligent debates and repeat debates which requint the site

</doc>
<doc id="18622309" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18622309" title="Camilla Wicks">
Camilla Wicks

Camilla Wicks (born August 9, 1928) is an American violinist and one of the first female violinists to establish a major international career. Her performing career included solo appearances with leading European and American symphony orchestras including the New York Philharmonic, Philadelphia Orchestra and Chicago Symphony Orchestra.
Child Prodigy.
Camilla Dolores Wicks was born in Long Beach, California. Her Norwegian born father, Ingwald Wicks, was a distinguished violinist and teacher. Her pianist mother studied with composer, Xavier Scharwenka. Wicks made her name as a child prodigy, making her solo debut at age 7 with Mozart's Violin Concerto No. 4 at the Long Beach Municipal Auditorium. At 8, she performed Bruch's First Concerto and a year later Paganini's First Concerto. She went to study with Louis Persinger at the Juilliard School in New York City. In 1942, Persinger accompanied Wicks when she made her solo debut at age 13 with the New York Philharmonic.
Career.
In the next decade, she performed regularly with many of the world's finest conductors (Walter, Reiner, Stokowski, Rodzinski, Ehrling) and orchestras. She went on extensive European tours and was a quite popular in Scandinavia. Finnish composer Jean Sibelius greatly admired her interpretation of his concerto, of which she made a recording in 1952 for the Capitol label. She also made a number of recordings for HMV, Mercury and Philips.
Camilla Wicks explored a wide range of repertoire and promoted many lesser-known works, in particular by Scandinavian composers, who in turn wrote many works for her. Norwegian composer and violinist, Bjarne Brustad dedicated a number of solo violin works to her. Wicks was an advocate of contemporary Scandinavian composers: she performed concertos by Fartein Valen and Hilding Rosenberg, and gave the world premiere of those by Harald Saeverud and Klaus Egge. She also enjoyed a close collaboration with Ernest Bloch
Later years.
Wicks married in 1951 and, at the height of her career, she retired for a few years in order to devote herself to her five children. Wicks later resumed her performing career intermittently and became a much sought-after teacher. She taught in a number of American faculties including Louisiana State University, University of Michigan, and Rice University.
She was invited to head the String Department at the Oslo Royal Academy in the early 1970s and was awarded a lifetime Professorship there. Many of the violinists of the leading Norwegian orchestras, including Henning Kraggerud, were among her former students. In 1999, she was made a Knight of the Royal Norwegian Order of Merit for her contribution to music in that country. Wicks held the Isaac Stern Chair at the San Francisco Conservatory before retiring in 2005. Studio and concert recordings have been reissued on the Music & Arts, Biddulph and Simax labels.

</doc>
<doc id="18622314" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18622314" title="Vietnam Veterans Memorial State Park">
Vietnam Veterans Memorial State Park

Vietnam Veterans Memorial State Park was the first major Vietnam memorial in the United States. It is currently the only state park dedicated exclusively to veterans of the Vietnam War. It is located off United States Highway 64 in Angel Fire (Colfax County) in the Sangre de Cristo Mountains on the Enchanted Circle of northeastern New Mexico.
History.
The memorial was begun by Victor and Jeanne Westphall, the grief-stricken parents of Marine First Lieutenant David Westphall, who was among sixteen young men in his unit killed in an ambush on May 22, 1968 in Vietnam. The Westphalls used their son's insurance policies to begin construction of the Peace and Brotherhood Chapel. The chapel resembles a sail and perches on the hillside overlooking the Moreno Valley. The chapel is open twenty-four hours per day. The David Westphall Veterans Foundation has since supported the operation of the memorial, which was dedicated on the anniversary of David's death in 1971. At the time of its construction, the site received national media attention and helped inspire the establishment of the Vietnam Veterans Memorial in Washington, D.C., completed in 1982. In 1987, the United States Congress recognized Angel Fire as a memorial of national significance.
Present day.
The park hosts thousands of annual visitors, many moved emotionally by the sacrifice of the Vietnam veterans. In 2005, the site became New Mexico's 33rd state park. It is operated in partnership with the David Westphall Veterans Foundation, which allows it to be the only New Mexico State Park that does not charge a fee.
The Visitor Center, dedicated in 1986, features photographs and banners from some of the 210 units which served in Vietnam. There is a media room which shows the 86-minute Home Box Office documentary film "". A Veteran's Room honors the military personnel killed or missing in action. The POW/MIA flag waves outside the center. The center seeks to educate Americans about Vietnam and to maintain a haven for healing and reconciliation.
The memorial maintains a Huey helicopter known originally as "Viking Surprise," one of the first smokeships used in Vietnam. On March 26, 1967, the helicopter, while rescuing service personnel, was so bady damaged – 135 bullet holes – that it was returned to the United States for repairs. The copter returned to Vietnam and was later sent to the New Mexico National Guard, which donated it to the Angel Fire memorial.
The memorial also maintains a statue by Doug Scott of Taos, entitled "Dear Mom and Dad." It depicts a soldier, with his rifle on his shoulder, writing a letter home. There is also a scale model of the Vietnam Women's Memorial by Glenna Goodacre of Santa Fe (born in Lubbock, Texas), which was unveiled on the Washington Mall in 1993.
Traditions.
The Run for the Wall riders make Angel Fire and Vietnam Veterans Memorial State Park one of their first stops on their trip to the Vietnam Veterans Memorial in Washington, DC. Up to 500 motorcycles visit the Memorial on Friday the weekend before Memorial Day. Also, starting in 1981, there has been a motorcycle rally from the nearby town of Red River, New Mexico every Memorial Day weekend. Most of the riders visit the Memorial during the rally. Up to 30,000 motorcyclists attend.

</doc>
<doc id="18622318" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18622318" title="Place du Luxembourg">
Place du Luxembourg

The Place du Luxembourg (French) or Luxemburgplein (Dutch) is a square in the European Quarter of Brussels (Belgium). It is better known by local European bureaucrats and journalists by one its nicknames, "Place Lux" or "Plux".
Design.
The square consists largely of restaurants and bars which dominate the wide pavements, with some banks and other retail services, serving the employees and members of the neighbouring European Parliament as well as the other European Institutions and associated organisations which are mostly located close-by.
In the centre of the square is a statue of John Cockerill, a prominent British-Belgian 19th century industrialist, which is a copy of the statue outside Seraing town hall in Liège. The figure of Cockerill is leaning against an anvil and surrounded by an industrial figures from period: a glassmaker, a mechanic, a puddler and a miner. Cockerill's motto, "Work and Intelligence", are engraved upon the statue.
History.
The Place de Luxembourg was a central feature of the Leopold Quarter, an area developed in the first few decades after the Belgian Revolution, and the most prestigious residential area in the capital for the bulk of the 19th century. The district had been designed in the 1830s, but the original design did not include provisions for a train station. When the new "Gare du Quartier Leopold" station was built in 1854, architect Antoine Trappeniers was commissioned to draw up plans for a large public square leading to the station building. Rue de Luxembourg was then in an embryonic state, and the square was created as its end point. The square was designed in a neo-classical style. It was designed to be as symmetrical as possible. Construction was carried out primarily between 1855-1861. The square was popular among merchants and restaurant and cafe owners due to its proximity to the station. One house on the corner of Rue d'Arlon was at one time the home of Auguste Beernaert, Prime Minister of Belgium from 1884-1894.
The station was the central feature of the square for much of its existence. However, with the construction of the Espace Leopold (which now houses the European Parliament) starting in 1989 the character of the square changed significantly. Designs changed frequently, amidst much legal and political wrangling, but ultimately the tracks of the previously open air station were covered over by the flagstone mall that is now seen outside the parliament. The bulk of the station building itself was torn down in 2004, and rebuilt underground, leaving only the central entrance which now serves as an information office. By 2008 the European Parliament complex was complete.
Residents' associations and cultural heritage promoters have been critical of many aspects of the construction of the parliament and redesign of the train station. Some believe that the scale of the complex is simply too large for the area, and that efforts have not been adequate to integrate it with its largely neo-classical surroundings. While many have praised the originality and professionalism of the design of the buildings, the design has also faced criticism for being too large, cold, and remote.
In recent years Place du Luxembourg has become a hotspot for nightlife activity on Thursday nights, which is effectively the end of the week for those that work in the European Parliament. On this night the square is known as 'Plux', those that drink on the square are 'pluxers' who engage in the activity of 'pluxing'. The trash left on the square by the Thursday night revellers has become an irritant for local Belgian residents, and Brussels politicians have threatened to shut down the party. 
Area.
Directly behind the statue on the eastern side of the square is the square's principle structure. The former entrance to Quarter Leopold Station (now the subterranean Brussels-Luxembourg Station with its entrance moved east) is a listed building and was taken over by the European Parliament and Belgian authorities as a joint information office and museum. It now houses the "infopoint" of Parliament.
The building forms part of Parliament's Espace Léopold (the complex of Parliamentary buildings in Brussels) along with two new buildings either side which border the square. The whole complex of Parliamentary buildings dominate the eastern view of the square, with the dome of Parliament's "Paul-Henri Spaak building" mirroring the clock at the top of the station facade - creating a popular shot of Parliament from the square. Openings each side of the old station building lead directly to the Esplanade of the European Parliament, the pedestrian mall running the length of Parliament.
Future.
In plans to rebuild parts of the Brussels European Quarter, Luxembourg square would become one of three main pedestrian squares, each focusing on a different theme. Due to Luxembourg's proximity to the Parliament, Luxembourg Square would focus on citizens. Also planned is the potential clearing of space between Rue d’Arlon/Aarlenstraat and Rue de Trêves/Trierstraat for a new square, possibly as a long extension of Luxembourg Square creating a vast boulevard like public space. The Brussels transportation authority, STIB has provisional plans to build a metro extension with a stop on the square at the Gare de Luxembourg. In 2011 plans were announced in partnership between the municipality of Ixelles and the EP to try to reduce the "mess" left by revellers on busy nights, which the local authority deemed to be "totally unacceptable."

</doc>
<doc id="18622366" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18622366" title="Jennifer Allison">
Jennifer Allison

Jennifer Allison is an American author of mystery novels who is best known as the author of the Gilda Joyce children's series of books. 
Born Jennifer Allison Brostrom, she grew up in Saline, Michigan and is a 1984 graduate from Saline High School. Jennifer holds a B.A. from the University of Michigan, where she attended on a music scholarship, but soon became more interested in literature and writing. She also holds an M.F.A. from American University. Her first book was written while she was living in San Francisco, California and was published in July 2005. She currently resides in Washington, D.C.

</doc>
<doc id="18622372" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18622372" title="Doree Lewak">
Doree Lewak

Doree Lewak is an American writer and humorist. Lewak, who lives on the Upper West Side of Manhattan, has written for The New York Post, The New York Times, Entertainment Weekly, Glamour, The Jerusalem Post, The Huffington Post, Time Out New York, Newsday, and New York Daily News.
Lewak is best known as the author of the 2008 book "The Panic Years: A Guide to Surviving Smug Married Friends, Bad Taffeta, and Life on the Wrong Side of 25 without a Ring." The Panic Years offers advice on how to change one's relationship strategy to find a marriage partner. The success of the book turned Lewak into a quoted expert on the plight of the twenty-something single woman.
Critics found Lewak’s insistence that women should make matrimony a goal, “repulsive,” and criticized Lewak for “reinforc(ing) negative stereotypes.” 

</doc>
<doc id="18622373" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18622373" title="Henry Fourdrinier">
Henry Fourdrinier

Henry Fourdrinier (February 11, 1766 – September 3, 1854) was a British inventor.
He was born in 1766, the son of a paper maker and stationer, and grandson of the engraver Paul Fourdrinier, 1698-1758, elsewhere mistakenly named Pierre Fourdrinier. With his brother, Sealy, he invented and improved the Fourdrinier machine, a papermaking machine that could make continuous paper (rolls). A patent was granted on July 24, 1806, for a machine that could make any size of paper, very quickly.
The invention cost £60000, and caused the brothers to go bankrupt. Due to various laws, it was difficult to protect the patent on the machine, and the new system was widely adopted. In 1814, two machines were made in Peterhof, Russia, by order of the Russian emperor on the condition £700 would be paid to Fourdrinier every year for ten years — but, despite petitioning Tsar Nicholas, no money was ever paid. In 1839, a petition was brought before parliament, and in 1840, £7000 was paid to Fourdrinier and his family.
Fourdrinier died in 1854, at the age of 88.

</doc>
<doc id="18622393" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18622393" title="Subcommittee on Oversight and Investigations">
Subcommittee on Oversight and Investigations

Subcommittee on Oversight and Investigations may refer to many of several United States Congressional subcommittees:

</doc>
<doc id="18622408" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18622408" title="Grover Shoe Factory disaster">
Grover Shoe Factory disaster

The Grover Shoe Factory disaster was an industrial explosion, building collapse and fire that killed 58 people and injured 150 when it leveled the R. B. Grover shoe factory in Brockton, Massachusetts on March 20, 1905. Following a boiler explosion, the four-story wooden building collapsed and the ruins burst into flames, incinerating workers trapped in the wreckage.
The Grover disaster brought new attention to industrial safety and led to stringent safety laws and a national code governing the safe operation of steam boilers.
The factory.
The R. B. Grover shoe factory was big, but not the biggest in Brockton, a town that had 35,000 shoe workers. The wooden building, shaped like a letter "E", occupied half a city block at the corner of Main and Calmar Streets. 
Grover made the popular Emerson brand shoe, and business had been good enough to add a fourth floor.
The factory was heated using steam radiators, with the steam being produced by coal-fired steel boilers installed in a brick boiler house attached to the wooden factory as the crossbar of the "E".
When the fourth floor was added, the original boiler was replaced by a larger one and the old boiler, long and six feet in diameter, was left in place as a backup. 
Since the new boiler could generally meet the factory's demands on its own, the old one was seldom used; and when used, was used reluctantly. 
Grover's chief engineer David Rockwell, who had a first-class engineer's license and twelve years experience, did not trust it.
Explosion.
The new boiler had to be flushed out as part of its regular maintenance, so Rockwell had put the old boiler back into service temporarily.
Early that cold damp Monday, he fed its coal fire and put the boiler to work heating the building for arriving day-shift workers.
At 7:45 a.m. the plant manager telephoned Rockwell to ask about some strange noises coming from the radiators along one wall. Rockwell had just stepped out of the building, but his assistant assured the manager that everything was in order.
A few minutes later, the old boiler exploded, rocketing up through three floors and the roof.
Collapse and fire.
The flying boiler knocked over an elevated water tower at one end of the building and its full tank smashed through the roof, causing that end of the building to immediately collapse, with the floors pancaking and the walls falling in on top of them.
Many workers who survived the initial explosion and collapse were trapped by broken beams and heavy machinery. Burning coals thrown from the boiler's fire pit landed throughout the debris, starting fires that were fed by broken natural gas lines.
The factory's more than 300 windows, now blown out, created a chimney effect in the parts of the factory still standing, resulting in a fire hot enough to melt iron pipes and radiators.
The wooden floors, treated nightly with linseed oil to keep the dust down, burned quickly.
High winds helped spread the fire to nearby storage sheds and neighboring buildings including a hardware store and a rooming house.
The Campello neighborhood's district firehouse shared a city block with the factory and its firefighters arrived quickly, as did many local citizens.
Using long timbers as levers, they were able to lift some of the wreckage and rescue some workers before the flames reached them. 
Local newspapers recount many acts of heroism in the rescues made that day.
Barrels of naphtha, a volatile industrial solvent related to gasoline, were stored in a wooden shed directly behind the boiler house. The shed was set afire by the burning coals and the naphtha exploded, throwing sheets of flame onto the wreckage and driving rescuers away.
Escape.
Between 300 and 400 workers were in the factory at the time of the explosion.
Workers in the sections still standing escaped down stairways or climbed to the roof; others had to jump from windows because the explosion had knocked some fire escapes off the building.
About 100 workers escaped unharmed and 150 were injured.
A number who were only slightly injured went home without reporting their injuries.
Police later related the story of a worker so dazed that he left the scene, applied for a job at another shoe factory, worked all day, then went home to find his family mourning him.
Death.
An immediate search was made for the chief engineer. Rockwell was at first reported as among the injured, then could not be found, then at one point was reported as having left town.
From her kitchen window, Mrs. Rockwell had seen him sitting in a chair near the boiler house window five minutes before the explosion.
A search of the boiler house the next day turned up a charred body, a bent watch, two rubber heels and a torn piece of clothing identified by Mrs. Rockwell as belonging to her husband.
Survivors were asked to register their names with the police.
Body collection began that afternoon, with only bone fragments to be found toward the rear of the factory where the fire was worst. 
As families arrived looking for missing workers, grief-stricken relatives ran back and forth between reading the latest survivor lists and watching the recovery of bodies.
Due to the extreme heat of the fire, only a few bodies could be positively identified. Thirty-nine unidentified victims were buried in a ceremony at Brockton's Melrose Cemetery three days later. 
The disaster's 58th victim, Hiram Pierce, died on April 15.
Financial assistance.
On the day of the fire, the leatherworkers union announced that the injured would be paid $5 weekly until they recovered, and that the families of the dead would receive $100 for each family member killed.
Civic leaders created the Brockton Relief Fund, which collected and distributed nearly $105,000 in cash assistance to the families.
Factory owner Robbins Grover worked for the rest of his life to secure financial aid for the families of those who died.
Failure theories.
An assistant engineer who had been with Rockwell five minutes before the explosion stated that when he left, the boiler gauges showed steam pressure to be in the safe range and the boiler to have plenty of water.
The state Inspector of Boilers checked the boiler's fusible plug and determined that the explosion was not caused by a lack of water.
Rockwell's wife stated that for the past few days her husband had been irritable because he had to operate the boiler at "a pressure it was unequal to". 
A factory official stated that he was "at a loss" to account for the explosion, and when told of Mrs. Rockwell's remarks said that the amount of pressure on the boiler was not a matter in which factory officials interfered, adding that the engineer "took his orders in this matter from the Hartford Boiler Insurance Company, and if he overworked that boiler he did it without our knowledge. We do not even know why he used the old boiler this week instead of the newer one".
One Grover executive speculated that the explosion might have been caused by a recently installed safety device. C. E. Roberts, a manager of Hartford Steam Boiler, stated "So far as I have been able to learn there appears to have been no carelessness in the handling of the boiler, and the explosion, in my opinion, was caused by a defect that was impossible to discover."
Inquest.
A coroner's inquest was convened. A Grover representative testified that the boiler was inspected in December and found in apparent good condition. Several employees testified that David Rockwell "seemed capable of attending to his duties" that morning. 
Boiler inspectors who examined the ripped-open boiler reported finding a crack in one of its riveted, lap jointed seams.
Experts characterized the boiler, built in 1890, as old technology likely to have a short service life under high pressure. Thousands of similar boilers were then in use in the United States.
On March 29 the district attorney stated that the accident was due to a hidden defect in the boiler and that no criminal charges would be filed.
As to civil liability, two weeks later a judge ruled that the explosion was caused by a defect that could not have been discovered, and held the company blameless.
He also found that the various insinuations made against chief engineer Rockwell were untrue.
Engineering study.
An engineering study begun as part of the inquest brought new facts to light.
At least two barrels of naphtha were stored in a wooden shed directly behind the boiler house.
The study said that without the naphtha explosions the number of deaths would have been only about one-quarter of the actual. When the naphtha exploded, it crushed one side of the factory building, pinning more workers under beams and machinery. A second outbuilding containing naphtha caught fire after about fifteen minutes and there was a second naphtha explosion, showering hundreds of gallons of the flaming liquid on the burning wreckage.
Engineers estimated the force of the boiler explosion as equal to 300 kilos (660 pounds) of dynamite.
Bankruptcy.
Although his factory was insured, Captain Grover was financially ruined.
The R. B. Grover Company declared bankruptcy and assigned its remaining assets, more than 30 Emerson shoe stores scattered around the country, to its creditors.
Legacy.
The American Society of Mechanical Engineers (ASME) had been founded in 1880 in response to the boiler explosions that had become common as the use of steam power expanded during the Industrial Revolution. Between 1880 and 1890 there were over 2000 boiler explosions in the United States. By 1890, some 100,000 boilers were in service, many of them unsafe. 
Inspections were rare, and operating guidelines almost nonexistent. Steam pressures were regularly cranked up to produce additional work.
The Grover disaster, coupled with another fatal Massachusetts shoe factory boiler explosion the following year in Lynn, brought new cries for improved industrial safety.
A new governor demanded prompt action and a Board of Boiler Rules was formed, drafting a simple three-page set of rules. After the ASME helped overcome manufacturer objections to "needless government interference", Massachusetts passed "An Act Relating to the Operation and Inspection of Steam Boilers" in 1907. The Massachusetts laws eventually led to passage of a national boiler safety code.
Safety improved, but the Massachusetts fatalities would not be the last. Twenty-three people were killed and 94 injured in 1962 when a boiler exploded and ripped through a New York Telephone Company cafeteria at lunchtime. A city agency later determined that the boiler had been improperly maintained and operated.

</doc>
<doc id="18622415" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18622415" title="18th Regiment">
18th Regiment

18th Regiment or 18th Infantry Regiment may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18622428" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18622428" title="Manufactured Housing Institute">
Manufactured Housing Institute

The Manufactured Housing Institute (MHI) is a U.S. trade organization representing companies and organizations that are involved in the production, sale and financing of manufactured housing, prefabricated home and modular home units.
The MHI hosts trade conferences, coordinates lobbying before the United States Congress and state legislatures on issues relating to manufactured housing, compiles and publishes data relating to industry sales and provides marketing and public relations support to raise the awareness of manufactured housing.
The organization was created in 1975 and is headquartered in Arlington, Virginia. It maintains statewide chapters across the country.
See also.
Property management<br>Property manager

</doc>
<doc id="18622430" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18622430" title="List of number-one Billboard Top Latin Albums of 2000">
List of number-one Billboard Top Latin Albums of 2000

The "Billboard" Top Latin albums chart, published in "Billboard" magazine, is a chart that features Latin music sales information. These data are compiled by Nielsen SoundScan from a sample that includes music stores, music departments at electronics and department stores, internet sales (both physical and via digital downloads) and verifiable sales from concert venues in United States.
There were eleven number-one albums on this chart in 2000, including the greatest hits collection "" by Marc Anthony, which spent a non-consecutive run of 13 weeks at the top of the chart starting in early December 1999. Los Temerarios and Conjunto Primavera peaked at number one for the first time with "Morir de Amor" and "En La Madrugada se Fue", respectively. Both albums received Latin Grammy nominations for Best Grupero Performance, which was awarded to the latter one. "MTV Unplugged", by Colombian performer Shakira, also peaked at number one for two weeks and went on to win the Grammy Award for Best Latin Pop Album at the 43rd Grammy Awards. With "All My Hits - Todos Mis Exitos Vol. 2", Tejano music performer Selena had her sixth album peak at number one (the fifth to do so posthumously). Son By Four spent 12 non-consecutive weeks at the summit with their eponymous album, which received a gold certification by the Recording Industry Association of America. 
Mexican performer Alejandro Fernández and Cuban singer–songwriter Gloria Estefan both released the second number-one albums of their careers. "Guerra de Estados Pesados", a compilation album with music by Chuy Vega, El Jilguero, El Original de la Sierra, El Marquez de Sinaloa, Los Gatilleros de Durango, Los Herederos del Norte, Los Traileros de Durango and Los Comandantes de Nuevo León, spent one week at the top but dropped to number 16 the following week. Christina Aguilera spent 14 weeks at number one with her first Spanish album "Mi Reflejo", and "Galería Caribe" by Guatemalan singer-songwriter Ricardo Arjona also hit the top spot of the chart.

</doc>
<doc id="18622442" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18622442" title="St. Louis Magazine">
St. Louis Magazine

St. Louis Magazine is a monthly periodical published in St. Louis, Missouri. Founded in 1969 under the name "Replay", then "The St. Louisan" until 1977, it covers local history, cuisine, and lifestyles. The publication has won multiple awards from the City and Regional Magazine Association, including the Gold award in 2007, and the Gold "General Excellence" award in 1992.
History.
The magazine started under the name "Replay" in 1969. Its president and publisher was Steve Apted, and its editor was Doris Lieberman. The home office was in the basement of the local "Cheshire Inn" hotel. From 1969 to 1977 it was known as "St. Louisan" , then changing to its current title of "St. Louis magazine" . In 1990 it was acquired by the "St. Louis Business Journal". In 1997 it was owned by Ray Harmann, and took on as its editor the author Harper Barnes, who remained until 2001, and then left to concentrate on writing books, though he remained as senior writer and movie columnist.
Awards.
City and Regional Magazine Association Awards (CRMA)
2012
2011
2010
2009
2008
2007
2005
2004 and earlier
Great Plains Journalism Awards
2012
Ranly Awards (Missouri Association of Publications)
2012
2011

</doc>
<doc id="18622453" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18622453" title="Dave Moore Award">
Dave Moore Award

The baseball journal "Elysian Fields Quarterly" began awarding the Dave Moore Award in 1999. The honor is given to the “most important” baseball book of the year. It is named for the late Dave Moore, a well known Minnesota broadcaster, who loved sports and literature.

</doc>
<doc id="18622455" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18622455" title="Lee Dainton">
Lee Dainton

Lee Dainton (born 22 August 1973 in Pontypool, Wales) is a professional skateboarder, daredevil and one quarter of the Dirty Sanchez crew.
Dirty Sanchez: The Movie.
"Dirty Sanchez: The Movie", a reality film based upon the series, was released on 22 September 2006. It is in the format of a world tour and incorporates stunts related to the "Seven Deadly Sins". Stunts are on a larger scale and more extreme than stunts shown in the TV show. 
The film also features the first cross over battle between two stunt groups. In their tour of Japan, the Dirty Sanchez team battles the Tokyo Shock Boys to see who is more extreme. In the end the Tokyo Shock Boys refuse to do a live show with "Dirty Sanchez" due to their disgusting antics.
The DVD of "Dirty Sanchez: The Movie" was released on 22 January 2007 by Pathé Distribution Ltd.
The movie premiered on television on MTV One at 10.30pm on 5 August 2007. Many of the scenes and stunts were cut short or not shown due to viewing reasons. TMF broadcast the movie later that month.
The movie premiered at the 2007 Tribeca Film Festival. Described as "Jackass" on crack, the film is about "wicked nasty stunts such as liposuction drinking games, beer enema shotguns, things that shouldn't be done with male genitalia, and more..."
The film was released on DVD in North America on September 11, 2007 by Dimension Extreme and Alliance Atlantis.
Charity work.
On July 2006 Dainton and Pritchard set a challenge to skate 192 miles from Cardiff to Newquay in aid of Cancer Research Wales. The boys stopped at skate parks and shops for fans and signatures. The boys had forfeits for swearing, drinking and smoking. He ran the Cardiff half-marathon in 2007, raising £2,000 for Cancer Research Wales.
Current activities.
Dainton runs his own skateboarding team known as Kill City. The team feature in his weekly video blog called 'Sunday Stooges' (via YouTube) along with other videos he records, edits and produces.

</doc>
<doc id="18622469" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18622469" title="Belgium in the Eurovision Song Contest 2009">
Belgium in the Eurovision Song Contest 2009

Belgium were represented in the Eurovision Song Contest 2009 by the French-language broadcaster Radio Télévision Belge de la Communauté Française (RTBF), who choose the Belgian entry for the contest through an internal selection. The song did not progress from the first semi-final of the competitionm, finishing second to last with just one point.
Background.
Belgium debuted at the first Eurovision Song Contest in 1956 and since has participated a total of fifty times. The country was only absent three times in its history: 1994, 1997, and 2001, when its low score the year before prevented reentry. Belgium won the contest once, in 1986 in Bergen, Norway with the song "J'aime la vie" sung by Sandra Kim. It achieved second place in 1978 and 2003 and was last eight times. Since the introduction of the semi-finals in 2004, Belgium has failed to appear at the contest final.
Since Belgium is represented by two broadcasters at the contest (Radio Télévision Belge de la Communauté Française (RTBF) and Vlaamse Radio- en Televisieomroep (VRT)), they each take turns sending the entry; RTBF is French-speaking, while VRT is Dutch-speaking. All entries prior to 1999 except for 1977, where sung in either French or Dutch, but Belgium has never sent a representative singing in German, its third official language. While VRT usually organizes a long-lasting national final, RTBF has a history of internal selections with varying levels of success, from a second place for Urban Trad in 2003 to a bottom 5 place in the semi final for The KMG's in 2007. 
The 2009 contest marked the turn for RTBF to once again send an entrant and it decided to hold an internal selection as it had in 2007. Patrick Ouchène was selected to represent the country with the song Copycat, but it finished second last in the first semi-final, scoring just one point.
Selection.
RTBF launched an appeal to recording companies for artists to be offered for Eurovision. Its director of Entertainment revealed on January 29, 2009 that the network had selected the song for the contest in Autumn 2008 and that the artist and song will be revealed in early March.

</doc>
<doc id="18622471" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18622471" title="Robert H. Mollohan-Jefferson Street Bridge">
Robert H. Mollohan-Jefferson Street Bridge

The Robert H. Mollohan-Jefferson Street Bridge, also known as the Million Dollar Bridge, or the High Level Bridge is located in Fairmont, Marion County, West Virginia. It was dedicated on May 30, 1921. This bridge connects east and west Fairmont, and crosses the Monongahela River. After falling into poor repair over the years, it was preserved and repaired and reopened in October 2000. The bridge is now a significant historic landmark in the city.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1991.

</doc>
<doc id="18622474" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18622474" title="My Dearest Devil Princess">
My Dearest Devil Princess

Plot synopsis.
The series follows the life of High School student Keita Kusakabe, who is given a magical box by his friend and fellow student Natsuki Morishima. Keita has obtained the box in hopes that, as per legend, his wishes will be granted. He opens the box and out pops Maki a powerful devil, she at first tells Keita she's a genie that will grant three wishes whatever they may be. At first Keita can't decide what he wants and decides to sleep on it, later the next day Keita accidentally walks in on Maki who has just finished taking a shower. Now that she is without clothes Keita spots Maki's wings and tail, and realizes that she is in fact a devil. 
Maki reveals that once Keita has used all three wishes, she will take his soul. Unfortunately for her evil plans, she is inexperienced and doesn't even know how to be evil. She must stay with Keita until she can trick him into making his third wish while also teaching herself to be evil, but matters are complicated further when she starts falling in love with him.
Characters.
Devils.
Tarot
Tarte

</doc>
<doc id="18622479" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18622479" title="Alpek">
Alpek

Alpek is the largest petrochemical group in Mexico and one of the largest in Latin America. 
The company operates two business groups: Polyester Chain Products (PTA, PET and polyester fibers) and Specialty Chemicals and Plastics (Expandable Polystyrene (EPS), Polypropylene, Polyurethane, Caprolactam and other industrial chemicals ).
The company has 20 plants in three countries. Alpek is the leading producer of PTA and polyester fibers in the Americas and the second in PET. It also operates the largest EPS plant in the continent, one of the largest polypropylene plant in North America and is the only producer of Caprolactam in Mexico.
Alpek owns state-of-the-art technology for the polyester chain and It seeks initiatives to reduce environmental footprint of its operations and products.

</doc>
<doc id="18622482" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18622482" title="Origen (band)">
Origen (band)

Origen is a Spanish pop/rock band formed in 2001 in Miami, FL. The three member group consists of lead vocalist María Isabel Rueda (aka Mirs), guitarist Hector Velásquez, and drummer Antonio Couto.
History.
Origen began collaborating and recording in 2007 with Grammy-nominated producer Carlos de Yarza and Henry A. Otero. They signed a record deal with their producer's independent label BinaryStar Music and in 2008 released their self-titled debut album "Origen". "We come from different countries and cultures and it reflects in our compositions." ..."It gives our music an original flavor." Creating the album was a collaborative effort, with all members writing music and lyrics.
Due to the band’s interest in social issues, they have taken part in activities such as “Piedra, Papel, y Tijera” a DirecTV initiative in partnership with the Inter-American Development Bank (IDB) and Microsoft aimed at transforming the physical infrastructure of schools and educational centers while promoting the development of low-income communities throughout Latin America.
In April 2008, following their contribution on “Piedra, Papel, y Tijera” Origen was invited to participate and perform at The Annual Meeting of the Inter-American Development Bank Board of Governors (the Bank’s highest policymaking body, consisting of finance ministers and central bankers). There the band had the opportunity to share with other artists like Shakira, Ricky Martin, Juanes, Alejandro Sanz and Juan Luis Guerra that were part of the forum “Yo Amo América” in which Origen participated.
Origen gained significant national exposure during the summer of 2008 as they performed in the Latin Alternative Music Conference in New York City at the BMI showcase. Since that performance they have been featured on MSNBC, CNN, USA Today and were dubbed "a gateway drug into rock in Español" by the press. They also took part in Univision's Premios Juventud where they expressed their continued support for environmental conservation.
On August 4, 2008, they were the featured band on Telemundo's Caso Cerrado, a court-like TV show seen in United States, South and Central America. The 12th of August, Origen made a special appearance on the award winning news program Al Rojo Vivo hosted by María Celeste, which also airs on Telemundo. September 4, the band made its first appearance on Galavisión's Acceso Máximo; a live interactive program where viewers choose their favorite music videos and artists by text messaging or online voting.
In September 2008, keyboardist Carlos Leal decided to leave the band citing personal goals that interfered with the band's schedule.
In March 2009, Origen filmed the music video for their second single "Coexiste", which was released in the fall
of 2009 at an Mtv Staying Alive benefit event. The video was deemed a bit too risqué for certain Hispanic morning shows and a few sections were edited for tv.
Univision.com included the band in their "new talent" series, calling them "a multicultural band with Latin spirit".
June 18, 2009 Origen opened for the international pop/rock band Camila at the Barker Hangar in Los Angeles. Part of that performance aired nationally on LATV.
In June 2010, the band went on their first media tour outside the United States, visiting Ecuador, the home country of lead singer Mirs. El Universo newspaper called them "a group with positive themes." El Diario wrote "They say that when passions meet, no nationality or origin can stop you". El Popular wrote about the band's first performance in the country's capital Quito. Origen reached the Top10 at Alfa Radio in Ecuador due to fan requests and were featured in Metro Ecuador 
September 21, 2010 Origen opened for Latin Grammy-winning band Reik and Latin Grammy-winning reggaeton recording artist Daddy Yankee at the Hollywood Palladium in Los Angeles.
In November 2010, the band launched a Kickstarter campaign to help finance a portion of the recording and manufacturing costs of their second album. The project was successfully funded on December 30, 2010 raising a total of $4,642.
The band spent the majority of 2011 composing and recording what would become their sophomore album "Mentiras En Estéreo", once again collaborating with Grammy-nominated producer Carlos de Yarza and Henry A. Otero under the BinaryStar Music label.
On October 2, 2011 Origen opened a second time for pop/rockers Camila but this time at the Fillmore Theater in Miami Beach.
The band's second studio album Mentiras En Estéreo was released on June 19, 2012. A video for their first single Disfrutas Fingir was filmed in 2013.
Band members.
Mirs – lead vocals (2001–present)
Antonio Couto – drums, percussion (2001–present)
Hector Velasquez – lead guitar, backing vocals (2005–present)
Ruben Martinez – bass guitar, backing vocals (2001–2012)

</doc>
<doc id="18622484" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18622484" title="The Daffy Duckaroo">
The Daffy Duckaroo

The Daffy Duckaroo is a Warner Bros. cartoon released in theatres in 1942, directed by Norman McCabe and features Daffy Duck as a crooning cowboy film star. The film is set in the American West.
Plot.
On a donkey and pulling a trailer, Daffy moves from Hollywood to the American West, where he comes upon an Indian encampment. He is about to run away when he is wooed by an Indian girl. He serenades her and follows her into her teepee.
The Indian girl says she would love to be Daffy's girlfriend, but her boyfriend Little Beaver will never allow it. When Little Beaver arrives, Daffy hides in a dresser and emerges disguised as an Indian girl himself. Little Beaver attempts to kiss him until he discovers the disguise.
Little Beaver chases Daffy through the Painted Desert and the Petrified Forest until he calls for aid with smoke signals. The Indians surround Daffy's trailer and remove the tires. One Indian promptly returns them saying the tires do not fit his vehicle.

</doc>
<doc id="18622492" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18622492" title="That One Night">
That One Night

That One Night is a Canadian comedy film directed, written and produced by Rick Alyea. This film stars Crystal Lowe, Amanda Crew and Sam Easton, who were all from the 2006 horror film "Final Destination 3". The film was shown at the 2008 Omaha Film Festival.

</doc>
<doc id="18622496" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18622496" title="Deptford culture">
Deptford culture

The Deptford culture (800 BCE—700 CE) was characterized by the appearance of elaborate ceremonial complexes, increasing social and political complexity, mound burial, permanent settlements, population growth, and an increasing reliance on cultigens.
Definition and range.
Deptford is named for the Deptford area near Savannah, Georgia. The culture is defined by the presence of sand-tempered pottery decorated with the impressions of carved wooden paddles that were pressed against the vessels before they were fired. The sand-tempering distinguishes Deptford ceramics from the fiber-tempered ceramics of the late-Archaic Stallings Island/St. Simons, Orange, and Norwood cultures that preceded it. Other contemporary cultures of the southeastern United States also produced paddle decorated ceramics.
The Deptford culture was oriented to the coast. From northern Georgia it spread along the Atlantic coast, reaching Cape Fear, North Carolina to the north and the mouth of the St. Johns River to the south. The Deptford culture also spread along the Gulf of Mexico coast, reaching from the Perdido River on the western border of Florida to Tampa Bay on the lower west coast of Florida. Deptford culture appeared in Florida around 500 BCE. The Deptford culture in the Gulf region (Florida Panhandle, southeast Alabama and southwest Georgia) evolved into the Swift Creek and Santa Rosa-Swift Creek cultures around 200 CE, while the culture in the Atlantic coastal region continued until about 700.
In the eastern Florida Panhandle the Deptford culture has been divided into an early Deptford period, in which fiber-tempered and Deptford series ceramics are found together, a middle Deptford period, with only Deptford series ceramics present, and a late Deptford period with both Deptford series and Swift Creek series ceramics present.
Archaeological sites associated with the Deptford culture include:
The sites in Leon County represent significant inland Deptford period sites.
Many Deptford culture sites along the Gulf coast may now be under water, or eroded by rising water levels, as the sea level along the coast of the Florida Panhandle has risen approximately in the last 2,000 years.
Artifacts.
Early Deptford ceramics appear to have been developed in Georgia around 2,600 years ago out of the Early Woodland Refuge phase (near Savannah), and spread north into South Carolina and North Carolina and south into Florida. Deptford ceramics continued to be made and found on Middle Woodland sites in the southeastern U.S. until about 600 BCE. Occupation for the Atlantic coastal plain of Georgia and the Carolinas seems to have followed a seasonal pattern of winter shellfish camps on the coast, then inland occupation during the spring and summer for deer hunting, and fall for nut gathering.
From the Early through the Middle Woodland periods, the extensive, low-lying coastal environment of the South Atlantic coast, stretching from North Carolina to northern Florida, was used by numerous Deptford hunter-gatherer bands who lived seasonally within a variety of ecosystems and took advantage of seasonally available foods.
Along the Gulf Coast, the Deptford culture continued the seasonal existence throughout the Middle Woodland. Settlements in this geographical area lacked permanence of occupation, although the cultures here participated in the Hopewellian trading network to a limited extent and constructed numerous low sand burial mounds. These sand burial mounds along coastal Georgia and Florida (noted at Canaveral National Seashore and Cumberland Island National Seashore, for instance), as well as in the Carolinas, are believed to represent local lineage burial grounds rather than the resting place of an elite individual.
In northwestern Florida, the Early Woodland Deptford culture evolved in place to become the Swift Creek and Santa Rosa-Swift Creek cultures. Trade items recovered from burial mounds include copper panpipes, ear ornaments, stone plummets, and stone gorgets. These show this area's incorporation within the Hopewellian Interaction Sphere by about 1,900 years ago.

</doc>
<doc id="18622529" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18622529" title="Annenberg Public Policy Center">
Annenberg Public Policy Center

The Annenberg Public Policy Center (APPC) is a center for the study of public policy at the Annenberg School for Communication at the University of Pennsylvania. It has offices in Washington, D.C. and Philadelphia, where the University of Pennsylvania is located.
Activities.
The Annenberg Center conducts research, convenes panels of experts, hosts lectures and conferences, and publishes reports on five main areas: Political communication, information and society, media and children, health communication, and adolescent risk. 
The APPC was established in 1993 by the ambassadors Walter and Leonore Annenberg. It currently has a staff of 54 people. Architect Fumihiko Maki has designed the Center's facilities.
factcheck.org.
One of the center's most notable initiatives is the factcheck.org website.

</doc>
<doc id="18622535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18622535" title="Dimitris Roussis">
Dimitris Roussis

Dimitris Roussis (; born 6 May 1988) is a professional football defender. He currently plays for AEL 1964 in Gamma Ethniki.
Career.
Born in Agrinio, Roussis began playing football with his hometown club, Panetolikos F.C. in Gamma Ethniki. 

</doc>
<doc id="18622551" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18622551" title="Shokeda">
Shokeda

Shokeda () is a religious moshav in southern Israel. Located approximately six kilometres west of Netivot and covering 6,000 dunams, it falls under the jurisdiction of Sdot Negev Regional Council. In 2006 it had a population of 224.
The village was established in 1957 by the Jewish Agency for immigrants from Morocco. They arrived in two groups, and the original aim was to found two settlements; Shokeda and Tzumha. However, only one of them was established.

</doc>
<doc id="18622554" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18622554" title="My Enemy, My Ally">
My Enemy, My Ally

My Enemy, My Ally is a "" novel written by Diane Duane.
Plot.
The USS "Enterprise" is contacted by Ael i-Mhiessan t'Rllaillieu, a Romulan commander whom Captain Kirk has tangled with several times before. Ael has become disillusioned with the Romulan Empire's politics, and is especially concerned with a secret project she has discovered which seeks to use medical research on captured Vulcans to allow Romulans to develop extensive mental powers. She convinces her crew to cross the Neutral Zone into Federation space, where the "Enterprise" is patrolling with the Starships "Constellation", "Intrepid" and the Denebian "Defender"-class battleship "Inaieu". Ael hopes to convince Kirk to launch a strike against the medical facility.
The Captain declines, but when the USS "Intrepid" mysteriously vanishes during an ion storm, Ael convinces him that the ship has been captured by Romulans and its Vulcan crew will become part of the project. This convinces Kirk to take the "Enterprise" with Ael's ship, "Bloodwing", into Romulan space in a rescue mission. The plan involves Ael's ship pretending to capture the "Enterprise", taking it back home through the Romulan defences on a course which will pass close to the research station.
The plan proceeds smoothly until a double cross by Ael's son, Tafv threatens to leave the "Enterprise" genuinely captured. This attempt is overturned, the "Intrepid" and her crew rescued, the base destroyed, and the "Enterprise" duly heads back to Federation space. Ael and Kirk go their separate ways, he back to duty and she to a life of exile as a traitor. Before leaving she tells Kirk all of her names and their meaning, a highly symbolic act for a Romulan which is only done to "one closer than kin". She tells him her names will be purged from the records back home, rendering her essentially a non-person in Romulan eyes. On returning to Earth Kirk hangs a pennant with Ael's names on it in a remote valley, symbolically counteracting this status.

</doc>
<doc id="18622555" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18622555" title="First Student UK">
First Student UK

First Student UK is the brand used by FirstGroup for student transport in the United Kingdom. The brand was originally used in the United States for school transport there, and was expanded to the United Kingdom in 2000. First Student UK is a pioneer in the introduction of task-specific school buses in Britain, usually painted school bus yellow to distinguish them from conventional buses.
Development.
First Student and First in West Yorkshire successfully piloted one of the first yellow school bus schemes in the Huddersfield and Calderdale area in 2000.
In 2002, another early scheme began in Wrexham, Wales. It was also contracted to First, who began to operate the scheme in June of that year. FirstGroup's chief executive Moir Lockhead said "we believe that the yellow school bus offers the safest, most reliable way to transport children to and from school". As with other schemes, including one in Runnymede in Surrey set up around the same time, First had to open new bases to operate the school buses, having no other operations in the respective areas. The first schemes also had buses built like traditional US school buses, whereas later schemes have more conventional UK bus shapes.
By October 2002, FirstGroup's first Welsh scheme had proved successful enough for the fleet of buses to be doubled.
As further schemes developed, First became more involved in setting up schemes. First Berkshire, already running the Runnymede First Student service, won the contract from Surrey County Council in 2005 to operate the Ride Pegasus! school bus scheme, although using buses in a different livery. However, this ended in July 2010 following the withdrawal of funding.
In December 2007, a yellow school bus visited Perth, Scotland, to test reactions. FirstGroup suggested that their research shows 86% of British parents would like to send their children to school in dedicated buses.
To develop this system in the United Kingdom the company decided to bring in American knowledge in the form of managing director Linda Howard, who had owned and operated her own school bus company in the States before it was acquired by First.
In 2008, one bus toured the country on trials. The campaigns continued. Former Home Secretary David Blunkett supports the use of yellow school buses, and in 2008 worked with First to campaign for wider use of the school bus system.
Current operations.
First Student UK currently take 8,000 students to and from school in the UK, every day. 15 school bus systems are currently operated, two in Scotland, two in Wales and the rest in England.
In contrast to the North American division, where school busing is a primary function, First Student UK takes advantage of the existence of a First Group operating base throughout the country. "Yellow School Bus" schemes are run on behalf of the local authority by an existing subsidiary of First or sub-contracted to an independent operator where they do not have a presence.
One of the biggest schemes, First Halifax is the largest provider of yellow school buses on behalf of West Yorkshire Metro. First West Yorkshire is also involved in a First Student school bus scheme. They run 81 school buses every day on the PTE's "My Bus" scheme. First Berkshire run a small scheme in Runnymede. Another scheme is run on behalf of Hampshire County Council, with handful of buses operated to selected schools by First Hampshire & Dorset.
Ride Pegasus!
Ride Pegasus! was a school bus scheme run by First Berkshire & The Thames Valley under contract to Surrey Country Council. The scheme, which required 22 buses, served 14 primary schools in the Guildford area and carried 850 children each day for a cost of £900,000 per year. Some non-school "Access Bus" services, primarily for senior citizens, were also run, as was the Guildford park and ride route 300 to Merrow. Buses were run from the council depot in Merrow Lane, which was treated as an outstation to one of First Berkshire's main depots. Ride Pegasus stopped running on 23 July 2010, at the end of the 2010 school year, due to the withdrawal of financing by the council.
The intention to start a school bus operation in Surrey was first announced by Surrey County Council in 2002, and was initially named Project Pegasus. In April 2005 the Department of Transport branded the plan, now known as the Pegasus School Bus Project, "low value for money" and decided not to fund a pilot scheme. However, by January 2006 funding had been arranged for a pilot scheme to begin at Tillingbourne School in Chilworth, with an official launch on March 17, 2006. Over the following five years it was expanded to cover 14 schools in the area, although it continued to be only a pilot with a projected end date of December 2010.
In September 2009 Surrey County Council announced a decision to cease funding the program from July 2010, citing the cost of £900,000 per year as too expensive for a system which benefited only 1% of Surrey schoolchildren. A petition against the decision received 1500 signatures in 11 days. The decision was reviewed in November 2009 with a view to extending the service to operate until July 2011, but despite criticism was not overturned. The park and ride contract also ended in July 2010; it was initially due to finish in December 2010, but was brought forward to coincide with the end of the school bus operation.
The 22 buses used on the service returned to owners Surrey County Council at the end of the scheme. All were Dennis Dart SLF/East Lancs Myllenniums. They have since seen loaned to other operators; three to Safeguard Coaches for continued use on the Guildford park and ride, one to Arriva and 14 to Abellio Surrey, the latter two as part of Surrey CC's Bus Review. The final four were loaned to Southdown PSV.

</doc>
<doc id="18622556" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18622556" title="Otto Schwartz Weeks">
Otto Schwartz Weeks

Otto Schwartz Weeks (1830 – February 4, 1892) was a lawyer and political figure in Nova Scotia, Canada. He represented Guysborough County in the Nova Scotia House of Assembly from 1874 to 1878 and from 1882 to 1890 as a Liberal member.
He was born in Halifax, Nova Scotia, the son of Otto Richard Schwartz Weeks and Maria Morris. He was admitted to the Nova Scotia bar in 1853, later setting up practice in Windsor. Weeks married Seraph Cutler Ruggles in 1865. He was first elected to the provincial assembly in an 1875 by-election, after having been selected as attorney general. Weeks was named Queen's Counsel in 1876. Later that year, he was dismissed from the province's Executive Council by an order in council after having been requested to resign. Weeks was defeated when he ran for reelection in 1878 and 1890, having lost the Liberal nomination but still choosing to run as a Liberal and diverting enough Liberal votes so that Conservatives were elected instead. He died in Halifax.

</doc>
<doc id="18622600" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18622600" title="Ernestine Evans">
Ernestine Evans

Ernestine Evans (August 9, 1889 - July 3, 1967) was a journalist, editor, author and literary agent.
Life.
Born in Omaha, Nebraska, she lived in Elkhart, Indiana during her childhood and attended the University of Chicago, receiving a Bachelor of Philosophy degree in 1912. She was arrested in 1917, along with Peggy Baird Johns and Dorothy Day, for picketing on behalf of women's rights. In the 1920s, according to the historian Alan M. Wald, she was married to Kenneth Durant, the head of the United States branch of the Soviet press agency TASS. Secret services reports released by the United Kingdom government in 2005 state that Evans left for Britain with Durant in 1925, after Durant was expelled from the United States due to his connection with various Communist front organisations. Her relationship with Durant was over by 1935, when he married Evans's former colleague, the poet Genevieve Taggard.
In the 1930s she met Walker Evans and Ben Shahn. Walker Evans was impressed by her intelligence and was always quick to point out they were not related.
Evans's career also involved work for the United States government. She worked for the Resettlement Administration, where her duties included conducting research for Roy Stryker, a pioneer in the field of documentary photography and a central figure in the Farm Security Administration. Additionally, during World War II, Evans worked for the Office of War Information in the Overseas Publications department of the Publications Bureau. With this position, she collaborated with the African-American photographer Gordon Parks, her colleague at OWI, who would go on to rise to prominence as a documentary photographer and film director. 
Evans was a member of the Society of Woman Geographers, a group co-founded by her close friend Gertrude Emerson Sen.
Toward the end of her life, Evans suffered from a slew of medical problems, including cataracts. She died in New York City. Her archival papers are held by Columbia University's Rare Book and Manuscript Library.
Art criticism.
Evans authored the first English-language book on the famed Mexican painter Diego Rivera. This illustrated oversize book, "The Frescoes of Diego Rivera", was published in 1929 by Harcourt Brace. The following year, Rivera was invited to the United States, and in 1931, he was the subject of a retrospective at New York City's Museum of Modern Art.
Career in publishing.
Over the course of her career, Evans worked for several publishing firms and literary agencies, including Coward-McCann and Lippincott (now Lippincott Williams & Wilkins). She also did freelance journalism and editing for publications including The Century Magazine, The New York Herald Tribune, Asia Magazine, The New Republic, The Nation, The Virginia Quarterly Review, and The Manchester Guardian; in addition, she reviewed books for The New York Times, Saturday Review, The New Republic, Survey Graphic, and Delphian Quarterly. 
Evans's journalistic career frequently took her overseas, a somewhat unusual state of affairs for a single woman at this time. Writing essays for the Virginia Quarterly Review, she wedded politics to cultural criticism as she recounted her travels through Europe as a literary agent, telling firsthand of the distinctly Russian character of train journeys to the Caucasus; a 1920s Berlin in the midst of rising Nazism; government wiretapping and the antiquarian book trade in London.
Correspondence.
Evans was a gregarious individual and a tireless writer of letters. She demonstrated an eagerness to expand her network of colleagues, collaborators and companions, and she engaged in correspondence with such luminaries as Walker Evans, Cornell Capa and Jean Renoir, among many others.

</doc>
<doc id="18622609" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18622609" title="Timbrels and Torahs">
Timbrels and Torahs

Timbrels and Torahs is a 2000 documentary film written, produced and directed by Judith Montell and Miriam Chaya. The film explains a new Jewish ritual designed to celebrate women on their 60th birthday. Instead of slowing down, these women have decided to embrace the last chapters of their lives.
Summary.
"Timbrels and Torahs" shares the story of a group of feminists who adapted their Jewish culture to their own ideas of equality, in order to combat the taboos of aging. They found it unacceptable that much of Jewish ritual life has traditionally relegated women to the sidelines, so they decided to do something about it. Through group collaboration, a group of friends created a highly-personal ceremony that recognizes a woman’s value in the community and celebrates her past, present, and future.
The creators of the Simchat Hochma looked to the Biblical character Miriam as their guide. The Bible records a celebration in whichs, “Miriam took the timbrel in her hand and all the women danced.” The prophetess was not afraid to follow her own song and be a leader among women. Thus, she inspired the women in the film to do the same, as her timbrel inspired the title of the documentary.
Instead of succumbing to mainstream culture’s negative attitude toward aging, participants in the Simchat Hochma challenge it by empowering themselves. Western society’s fixation on youth has stigmatized older women, but the women of Timbrels and Torahs believe age should be celebrated and enjoyed as proof of wisdom and experience.
The ceremony also stresses the importance of acceptance. A woman undertaking the ritual is encouraged to reflect on her life thus far, embracing both her successes and struggles. At sixty, some women have lost their spouses and the Simchat Hochma serves as an opportunity to try to come to terms with this loss. Many women also put on a kittle (a burial shroud) half-way through the ceremony to symbolize acceptance of their own inevitable death.
The structure of the Simchat Hochma is subject to interpretation by each individual, with its creators suggesting eight key elements as guidelines to be interpreted, or disregarded, as the celebrator sees fit: community participation, a naming ceremony, reading Torah, a healing ceremony, receiving blessings, acknowledging mortality, a legacy (tree planting), and a covenant.
But in between what has been and what is to come, the Simchat Hochma recognizes room for change. The optional name-changing ceremony allows a woman to alter her identity for the last stage of her life. Names hold meaning and serve as fundamental character descriptions. "If you have been unhappy with your life and you change your name," one woman explains, "you give yourself a new change."

</doc>
<doc id="18622627" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18622627" title="Kontias">
Kontias

Kontias () is a village on the Greek island of Lemnos, North Aegean. It is the seat of the municipal unit Nea Koutali. In 2001 its population was 628. Kontias is situated in the southwestern part of the island, 2 km west of Tsimandria, 3 km southwest of Portianou and 8 km east of the island capital Myrina
History.
Byzantine period.
The village was first mentioned as "the old castle of Konteas" in a census document of the Great Lavra monastery, of which it was a dependency. This castle had probably been built during the Venetian rule of the island (1207–76). According to local legends, the village was originally located near the sea, and it was resettled to the present inland location due to pirate raids. The original location was probably the small port of Agios Giannis, where ruins of a castle still remain. 
Ottoman period.
The bay of Kontias was mentioned by the Turkish naval sailor Piri Reis in 1521 as "Qondia Körfezi". Ships awaited favourable conditions to enter the Hellespont straits there. Piri Reis mentioned a castle at the bay, but no village. In the following ages, the port was mentioned by several travellers in the area. In 1770, during the Orlov Revolt, part of the Russian Navy fleet anchored in the port of Kontias, when they besieged Myrina. 
The first mention of the village in the present location was in 1785, by Choiseul-Gouffier. Kontias was an organized settlement and one of the largest villages on the island. In 1856 it had 290 men who paid 9,280 piatres to avoid conscription. It had 176 families in 1863, and 187 in 1874. In the same year the municipality of Kontias was mentioned, consisting of the villages Kontias, Tsimandria, Portianou, Agkariones, Pesperago (now Pedino), Sarpi (now Kallithea) and Livadochori. This corresponds with the present municipal unit Nea Koutali. It was a rich village, because besides the agricultural activities there were many sailors and shipowners, including Papagiannis with 60 boats. The village school was first mentioned in 1873. A new school building was built in 1880. In 1910 two fountains were built: Tsikoulas and Kali Vrysi.
Modern period.
Kontias joined the rest of Greece after the Balkan Wars in 1913. It became an independent community in 1918 named "Kondias", which was changed into "Kontias" in 1940. During the years between the world wars, it had a remarkable growth in economy and population. In 1920 it had 1,272 inhabitants, making it the third largest village in Lemnos. In 1940 it had 1,500 inhabitants, making it the second village in population, after Myrina. A refugee settlement was built in 1926. Cotton production on Lemnos began from Kontias. After World War II, the population decreased due to internal and external migration. The population was 551 in 1991.

</doc>
<doc id="18622638" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18622638" title="The Tears of the Singers">
The Tears of the Singers

The Tears of the Singers is a ' novel written by Melinda M. Snodgrass. It was her first and only "Star Trek" novel, which led to Snodgrass writing for '. Writer Victor Milan was also involved in the initial discussion of the plot for the novel.
Plot.
Captain Kirk and the USS "Enterprise" joins with the Klingons to investigate a spatial anomaly that has already swallowed one starship. Kirk suspects the problem has something to do with the nearby life forms on Taygeta V, beings which are preyed upon for the jewels they secrete at the moment of their death. Unfortunately a Klingon officer has mutiny on his mind and the anomaly threatens to destroy all of known space.
Development.
Snodgrass was a fan of "Star Trek: The Original Series" and, after quitting her previous job at a law practice, her friend Victor Milan suggested that she try to become a writer. Milan proposed that she should write a novel about "Star Trek". Despite Snodgrass not being on the list of approved authors, her outline was purchased by David G. Hartwell. Snodgrass and Milan discussed ideas and she decided that she would go with a softer, more friendly story along the lines of the episodes "The Trouble With Tribbles" or "The City on the Edge of Forever". Her inspiration for the aliens in the book was because she "couldn't think of anything softer or fuzzier than baby white seals".
Snodgrass wanted Uhura to be central to the book, partially in an attempt to market the book as the character had not been prominently featured in other Star Trek stories. The musical elements added to the character came from Snodgrass' experiences as a musician and singer. A second Uhura-based book, entitled "Uhura's Song" was released two books later in the numbered series.
"The Tears of the Singers" was the only "Star Trek" novel written by Snodgrass, who remembers that Hartwell gave her the advice to use the book to launch her writing career but to never write another one. She subsequently wrote the "" for the of "" and following the success of that script and episode, she joined the writing team there for the rest of the series.
Reception.
Ellen Cheeseman-Meyer, in an article for Tor.com about the appearances of Uhura in "Star Trek" novels, stated that she "put the book down for a week of rage and derision when I hit page 132". That page featured an in-character consideration by Uhura about whether or not female Starfleet Captains must have lesbian mentalities as the vessels are considered to be female. However, she said that "This book was written in the 80s. I’m sure the question about the socio-sexual impacts of command seemed more cogent then". She thought that the characterization of Uhura in the novel was similar to a Barbie doll, but it did demonstrate the untapped potential of the character.
In "Star Trek: Adventures in Time and Space", published in 1999, "The Tears of the Singers" was described as one of the two defining novels alongside "Uhura's Song" which "gave Uhura the chance to expand her range beyond hailing frequencies". The author, Mary P. Taylor, described "The Tears of the Singers" as one of her favorite books.

</doc>
<doc id="18622657" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18622657" title="Charalabos Nakos">
Charalabos Nakos

Charalabos Nakos (born 19 November 1988 in Agrinio, Greece) is a football midfielder currently a free agent. 
He started his career from the Panetolikos F.C. youth squad. During the 2009-2010 season, he played for Elaiofyto, on loan from Panetolikos.
In July 2010, he was released on a free transfer. He played for Tilikratis F.C. in the 2010-2011 season. In January 2012 he returned to Tilikratis F.C. who were competing in Football League 2.

</doc>
<doc id="18622662" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18622662" title="Tushia">
Tushia

Tushia (, "lit." Wisdom, Being Resourceful) is a religious communal settlement in southern Israel. Located around five kilometres from Netivot and east of Kfar Maimon, it falls under the jurisdiction of Sdot Negev Regional Council. In 2006 it had a population of 789.
The village was established in 1958 and was initially named Shuva Heh, before adopting its current name, taken from the Book of Proverbs 2:7;
He layeth up sound wisdom for the upright, He is a shield to them that walk in integrity;

</doc>
<doc id="18622672" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18622672" title="Kenneth S. Warren Institute">
Kenneth S. Warren Institute

The Kenneth S. Warren Institute is a not-for-profit research Institute dedicated to facilitate the discovery and development of new therapeutics to alleviate health problems.
History.
The Institute was founded by Dr. Anthony Cerami, PhD and his daughter Dr. Carla Cerami, M.D.,Ph.D. Dr. Anthony Cerami is a member of the National Academy of Sciences and the Institute of Medicine. He is an inventor on 131 U.S. patents, and the author of over 420 published scientific papers. 
The Kenneth S. Warren Institute was originally incorporated in accordance with the New York State Not-for-Profit laws and originally chartered in 1980, under the name of The Drug and Vaccine Development Corporation (DVDC). In response to a U.S. mandate on the industrial sector to contribute more directly to improving public health in emerging nations, the DVDC espoused to pay particular attention to the health problems affecting populations in the developing world, and it sought to promote working the fields of parasitology and tropical medicine. The Kenneth Warren Prize is awarded every year by the Cochrane Organization to a scientist who publishes a Cochrane Review about a health issue in developing countries. 
Although the federal impetus waned with subsequent presidential administrations and corporate sponsorship virtually disappeared, the organization’s membership maintained its objectives throughout the years to establish facilities to further its research goals. Its mission is to facilitate the discovery and development of new therapeutics to alleviate the health problems of the world’s poorest people. 
In 2001, state-of-the-art facilities were established at the Kitchawan Preserve, a campus located in Westchester County, New York. The facilities were named to commemorate the lifelong work of one of the founders of the DVDC. Kenneth S. Warren was an esteemed physician and world-renowned leader in the field of tropical medicine.

</doc>
<doc id="18622684" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18622684" title="Giorgos Poniros">
Giorgos Poniros

Giorgos Poniros (; born 8 October 1987 in Agrinio, Greece) is a professional football goalkeeper. He currently plays for Diagoras F.C.. 
Poniros started his career at Akarnanikos. In the summer of 2008, he signed with Panetolikos F.C.. On 23 August 2010, he signed a 1-year loan contract with Gamma Ethniki team Aias Salamina F.C.. In the summer of 2011, he signed with Diagoras F.C..

</doc>
<doc id="18622687" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18622687" title="Ministry of Civil Affairs of the People's Republic of China">
Ministry of Civil Affairs of the People's Republic of China

The Ministry of Civil Affairs (MCA) of the Government of the People's Republic of China is a ministry under the jurisdiction of the State Council of the People's Republic of China, responsible for social and administrative affairs. It was founded in May 1978, and the current Minister is Li Xueju. Its precedent was the Ministry of Internal Affairs of the People's Republic of China.

</doc>
<doc id="18622689" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18622689" title="David Morgan Bridge">
David Morgan Bridge

The David Morgan Bridge, commonly known as the Third Street Bridge, is a span that crosses the Monongahela River, in Fairmont, West Virginia. The bridge has a characteristic curve in it, and was built in the 1979 in order to relieve some of the traffic from the Robert H. Mollohan-Jefferson Street Bridge after the Low Level Bridge had closed.

</doc>
<doc id="18622707" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18622707" title="The Bordellos">
The Bordellos

The Bordellos are an English band based in Merseyside. When they first formed in 2004, they were:
Career.
The core of the songs were written by Brian Shea with contributions musically from Parr, Oates and Storey. In 2005, Oates and Parr left around the time their first releases were made, with "Prince of Discontent" featured on an Upcoming Bands compilation album, and their debut single, "Scream", released in a download only format. Mike Simm left the band in December of the same year to pursue interests in ska music.
In April 2006, "Arthur Lee" (a tribute to the Love frontman of the same name) was released, as a spilt single with a Perfect Blue track. This was released around the same time as their debut album, "Songs For Swinging Stalkers", at first a download only LP but later released in March on CD from Brutarian Records.
In April 2007, their second album "Meet The Bordellos" was released, formed from material recorded with the original core line-up, and also as a three piece on four tracks. Around this time Brian Shea's son, Dan, joined the band on keyboards and additional percussion. The "Glorybound" EP was released on Northern Star in November 2007. The band's line-up as of 2008 is:
The band's three singers are all related, with Antony the brother of Brian, and also Dan's uncle. They are certainly an unusual band, thirty years in age separating the oldest member from the youngest. Their third album, 'Debt Sounds', was mooted to be released through their own record label, Debt Sounds, but the budget was lacking to do this. This album's availability is currently limited to the St Helens independent record shop Kaleidoscope, direct request via Myspace, and a few tracks uploaded by Brian Shea onto Last FM. In early 2009, Gary Storey left to pursue a new musical direction with his brother Terrence and now leads his own bands - The Red Peles. He has since been replaced.
In 2011 the band released a version of Bo Diddley's I'm A Man, on an EP entitled The Annual on Fruits Der Mer records, split across two 7 inch singles. A free Bandcamp release "It's Lo Fi! Folk Off!" also appeared at the end of the year.
in 2012 the bordellos released again as a free to download lp through bandcamp the strange pop sounding The Monkee complex all the songs 
where written and recorded over the easter weekend and recorded in Brian'S living room.
in august of 2012 the bordellos released the 5 track ep bring me the head of justin bieber through the tiny isle of man based indie small bear records www.smallbearrecords.com and shot a video for the title track ..
2013 was a busy year for the bordellos releasing not only there ronco revival sound lp on daddy tank records , but also having the track spirals released on a fruits de mer comp strange fish four and a track on the small bear christmas download lp tinsle machine..
it was also the year that the bordellos started to gain airplay on bbc six music and a number of fine reviews for there ronco lp 
and it featuring in many best of year polls and there song temperature drop making dandelion radios festive fifty at number 30..
External links.
www.smallbearrecords.com

</doc>
<doc id="18622733" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18622733" title="Bio-1">
Bio-1

Bio-1 is a consortium of partners founded in 2007 designed to identify and promote bioscience in the Central New Jersey area. It is the result of a $5 million grant made available by the Workforce Innovation in Regional Economic Development (WIRED) program.
Mission statement.
Bio-1’s goal is to make Central New Jersey (CNJ) the next “hot spot” for the global bioscience industry, by creating high-quality, high-paying jobs and a skilled workforce. The five-county BIO-1 partnership is named for the Route 1 corridor from Rutgers to Princeton, around which most of CNJ’s biotech firms are clustered. The CNJ region, comprising Hunterdon, Mercer, Middlesex, Monmouth, and Somerset counties, has received $5 million, available under the Workforce Innovation in Regional Economic Development (WIRED) program from the United States Department of Labor (USDOL). The WIRED grant will be used to transform the rich array of existing bioscience education and training and economic development initiatives into an into a world class bioscience talent development system.
The partnership has its roots in an initiative created by Governor Jon Corzine as part of his statewide economic strategy. This is the third WIRED investment in New Jersey, making it “the most WIRED state” in the U.S.
Goals.
In collaboration with representatives of all key players in the biosciences in CNJ, the Bio-1 initiative will focus on six key strategies:

</doc>
<doc id="18622758" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18622758" title="Michael Joseph Power">
Michael Joseph Power

Michael Joseph Power (February 23, 1834 – January 11, 1895) was a businessman and political figure in Nova Scotia, Canada. He represented Halifax County in the Nova Scotia House of Assembly from 1882 to 1894 as a Liberal member.
He was born in Halifax, Nova Scotia, the son of Michael Power and Anne Lonergan. After studying at the Union Academy in Halifax, he apprenticed as a printer with the "Acadian Recorder". Power worked in Boston for a time before returning to Halifax. In 1860, he married Ann Sophia Kent. He opened a liquor retail business and then was a grocer. Power was a captain in the militia and served as a member of Halifax city council and chairman of the board of works. He ran unsuccessfully for a seat in the provincial assembly in 1878. Power served as speaker for the provincial assembly from 1887 to 1894. He was defeated when he ran for reelection in 1894. Power died in Halifax at the age of 60 after suffering from Bright's disease for some time.

</doc>
<doc id="18622772" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18622772" title="Nikos Kalokairis">
Nikos Kalokairis

Nikos Kalokairis (born 2 May 1986 in Agrinio, Greece) is a professional football defender who is currently playing for Aris Etoliko. Kalokairis previously played for Panetolikos in the Greek Beta Ethniki.

</doc>
<doc id="18622773" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18622773" title="Pavol Pronaj">
Pavol Pronaj


</doc>
<doc id="18622785" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18622785" title="Jean Rey Square">
Jean Rey Square

Jean Rey Square (French: Place Jean Rey, Dutch: Jean Reyplein) is a square in the European Quarter of Brussels (Belgium) inaugurated in 2001.
Design and location.
The square is paved with natural stone, bordered by plant boxes and benches facing 24 water jets in the centre which mirror the Maelbeek collector and storm basin below. Trees line the western side (not open to traffic) mirroring the axis starting at the entrance of Leopold Park across the street to the south. It is named after President Jean Rey and occupies a space between the Justus Lipsius building (headquarters of the Council of the European Union) and Leopold Park (next to the Espace Léopold of the European Parliament). It was inaugurated at the start of the Belgian EU Presidency on 26 June 2001.
History.
The square was included in plans for Justus Lipsius in 1984. Its construction was delayed due to controversies about the area around the Justus Lipsius building, legal difficulties and failed schemes such as plans to demolish a large residential area. Belgian authorities created the space in 2001 as it was thought their reputation would be tarnished if they did not manage to improve the foreboding image of the European quarter.
Future.
Plans for the rebuilding of the quarter would see the renovation of Chaussée d’Etterbeek/Etterbeeksesteenweg into a tree lined avenue. The renovated section would terminate at Jean Rey Square which would become a traffic island with the west side being turned into a road. This would remove the tree lined area mirroring the entrance to Leopold Park but there would be trees lining the opposite sides of the road to the north, west and east, a new fountain in the south west corner and the possibility of a tram line cutting across the square following the Chaussée d’Etterbeek/Etterbeeksesteenweg. The car park to the west would see new buildings built on it, as the east side has been. The bland facade of the Justus Lipsius building, overlooking the square, is also to be renovated with the possibility of the lower floors being demolished to provide a visual link across the square between Leopold Park and the Berlaymont building.
The Brussels transportation authority, STIB has long to medium term plans to build a metro stop in Jean Rey Square. 

</doc>
<doc id="18622788" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18622788" title="Sydenham Falls">
Sydenham Falls

Sydenham Falls is a 15 metre ribbon waterfall near the Spencer Gorge / Webster's Falls Conservation Area in Hamilton, Ontario, Canada.
The three Sydenham waterfalls, "Sydenham Falls", "Middle Sydenham Falls" and "Lower Sydenham Falls", are found on Sydenham Creek close to Sydenham Road. All three waterfalls are on private property. They are named after Baron Charles E.P.T. Sydenham, Governor-General of Upper Canada from 1839 to 1841.
"Lower Sydenham Falls" is a 3 metre high and 4 metre wide classical waterfall. "Middle Sydenham Falls" is a 5 metre high and 5 metre wide classical waterfall. Both of these waterfalls are seasonal and best viewed in the springtime.
Nearby attractions include Webster's Falls, Tew's Falls, Bruce Trail and Rock Chapel in Dundas.
Directions.
From Highway 403 travel west on Main Street West for 3 km; it will become "Osler Drive". Proceed to King Street in downtown Dundas. Turn left on King Street. At next light turn right on "Sydenham Road" travel for 500 meters until you see an overhead railway bridge. Park your car on the street and look for Bruce Trail markers ascending the escarpment.
External links.
Video clip.
<br>
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18622796" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18622796" title="Djamel Amani">
Djamel Amani

Club career.
He played for USM Alger in Algeria, Royal Antwerp FC in Belgium and Aydınspor in Turkey.
International career.
Amani was also part of the Algeria national football team, scoring 8 international goals.

</doc>
<doc id="18622806" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18622806" title="Low Level Bridge (Fairmont, West Virginia)">
Low Level Bridge (Fairmont, West Virginia)

Low Level Bridge is the nickname of a bridge that was in Fairmont, West Virginia.
History.
In 1908, after rapid growth in population due to industry, a steel bridge was erected in Fairmont to replace the old suspension bridge across the Monongahela River. The bridge was called the "Nickel Bridge" because one had to pay a nickel toll in order to cross it. It was also called the "Low Level Bridge" because it was downstream from the Robert H. Mollohan-Jefferson Street Bridge which was on a higher level. Over the years, it fell into poor repair and was closed after it was found to be unsafe in the late 1980s. The bridge sat unused for many years and was demolished in the 2000s. The only remnant from the bridge is a pier that still stands in the middle of the Monongahela River.

</doc>
<doc id="18622809" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18622809" title="Dwight Ferguson">
Dwight Ferguson

Dwight K. Ferguson (born May 16, 1970) is a sprint athlete from the Bahamas. He won the silver medal in the men's 100 metres at the 1998 Central American and Caribbean Games, and competed for his native country at the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta, Georgia.

</doc>
<doc id="18622812" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18622812" title="The Vulcan Academy Murders">
The Vulcan Academy Murders

The Vulcan Academy Murders is a "" novel written by Jean Lorrah.
Plot.
Captain Kirk and Dr. McCoy travel to a hospital facility on Vulcan to acquire treatment for a badly wounded Enterprise crew member. Kirk encounters Spock's mother, Amanda Grayson and soon becomes heavily involved in Spock's personal life. 
Then people begin to die. Kirk, trying to solve the case, is hampered by some Vulcan's belief that it would be too illogical for murder to be happening on their homeworld.

</doc>
<doc id="18622820" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18622820" title="Paddy Mackey">
Paddy Mackey

Paddy Mackey (1889-1948) was an Irish dual player. He played both hurling and Gaelic football with his local club New Ross and with the Wexford senior inter-county teams in both codes in the 1900s and 1910s.
Playing career.
Club.
Mackey played his club hurling and football with his local club in New Ross. He first tasted success in 1913 when he won a senior county hurling championship title. Two years later in 1915 Mackey added to his collection when he won a county football championship title.
Inter-county.
Mackey first came to prominence on the inter-county scene as a member of the Wexford senior hurling team. In 1910 he won his first Leinster hurling title as Wexford overcame ublin by 3-3 to 1-1. Unusually, the All-Ireland series of games began before the provincial championships were completed. As a result of this Kilkenny and Dublin represented Leinster in the All-Ireland quarter-final and semi-final respectively, however, Wexford lined out in the subsequent All-Ireland final. Limerick provided the opposition on that occasion and an entertaining contest unfolded. New rules regarding the parallelogram confused the players and Limerick had two goals disallowed because of a ‘square ball.’ Wexford had a goal disallowed for the same reason; however, they still went on to win the game by 7-0 to 6-2. It was Mackey’s first All-Ireland medal.
Three years after this Mackey was a star player on the Wexford senior football team. He won a Leinster football title in 1913 with a one point victory over Louth. Wexford later disposed of Antrim to set up an All-Ireland final meeting with Kerry. After a low-scoring contest it was the men from ‘the Kingdom’ who emerged victorious by 2-2 to 0-3.
Mackey captured a second Leinster medal in 1914 as Wexford trounced Louth in the provincial decider. Monaghan were equally disposed of in the penultimate game of the championship, allowing Wexford to advance to a second successive All-Ireland final. Kerry were the opponents once again, however, Wexford played great football. They led by 0-6 to 0-1, however, Kerry fought back to secure a 1-3 to 0-6 draw. The replay drew a crowd of 20,000 to Croke Park and, once again, Wexford took the lead. Kerry fought back again and went on to win the game by 2-3 to 0-6.
1915 saw Mackey add a third Leinster title to his collection after two matches against Dublin. After disposing of Cavan in the All-Ireland semi-final Wexford lined out against Kerry in the championship decider. It was the third successive meeting of these two teams with the Munster men looking for a third title in-a-row. Dick Fitzgerald of Kerry missed two great goal chances while Wexford were well on top. In the end Mackey’s side won by 2-4 to 2-1. It was his first All-Ireland football medal. On that occasion Mackey, along with his teammate Seán O'Kennedy, jointly became the fourth players in history to have All-Ireland medals in both hurling and football.
Wexford continued their winning ways in 1916 with Mackey collecting a fourth successive Leinster football title. Kildare were defeated on that occasion, however, Mackey ended up on the losing side in the Leinster hurling decider. Wexford later breezed through the All-Ireland series and qualified for a fourth successive All-Ireland final. Because of the Easter Rising and subsequent martial law the game was postponed until the Sunday before Christmas. Overnight frost resulted in the pitch being extremely hard; however, the game went ahead nonetheless. Mayo were the opponents on the occasion, however, Wexford were too strong and won the game by 2-4 to 1-2. It was Mackey’s second All-Ireland football medal.
Wexford maintained their provincial dominance in 1917 with Mackey winning a fifth Leinster title following a two-point win over ‘the Dubs’. Once again the All-Ireland final beckoned with Clare providing the opposition on this occasion. It was a unique pairing in football terms and Wexford went on to record an easy victory. A score line of 0-9 to 0-5 gave Mackey a third consecutive All-Ireland medal.
1918 proved to be another successful year for Mackey in both codes. Wexford were the masters of provincial football once again as they defeated Louth by four points. It was Mackey’s sixth consecutive Leinster football medal. He also had success on the hurling field this year as Wexford defeated Dublin giving Mackey a second Leinster hurling title. Both the hurlers and footballers were successful in the subsequent series of games and reached the All-Ireland final. The All-Ireland football final saw Wexford take on Tipperary in yet another novel encounter. A close-scoring game saw Wexford just about secure a victory by 0-5 to 0-4. It was Mackey’s fourth All-Ireland medal and an unparalleled record fourth title in-a-row for Wexford. The All-Ireland hurling final also gave Wexford the chance of joining Cork and Tipperary in the unique situation of being double All-Ireland winners. That game saw Limerick provide the opposition, however, the hurlers were not able to match the Munster men’s scoring skills. A score line of 9-5 to 1-3 gave victory to Limerick.
A seventh Leinster football title in-a-row proved beyond this Wexford team while the hurlers also gave up their provincial crown. Mackey retired from inter-county activities shortly afterwards.

</doc>
<doc id="18622824" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18622824" title="Quechua">
Quechua

Quechua (, or ; ) is the name of a people of the central Andes of South America and their languages.
Quechua may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18622831" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18622831" title="Marquette University Special Collections and University Archives">
Marquette University Special Collections and University Archives

The mission of the Department of Special Collections and University Archives of Marquette University is to collect, arrange, describe, preserve, and service records of enduring historical value for research, instructional, and administrative use. The archival and manuscript collecting program of the department is an extension of the spiritual, philosophical, and scholarly strengths of the university as a Christian, Catholic, and Jesuit institution. The department collects and administers the archives of Marquette University and its various units, including office administrative files, publications, and the papers of faculty, students, staff, and alumni, and their respective organizations.
The collections are held in the John P. Raynor, S.J. Library, completed in 2003, named for one of Marquette's former presidents and serves as one of the main study areas on campus.
Holdings.
Published holdings include retrospective files of the Marquette Tribune, the Hilltop yearbook; course catalogs, commencement programs, faculty and student directories, and programs of musical concerts, lectures, dramatic performances, and athletic events. Other printed items include college and departmental reports, press releases, calendars of events, reports of the President, and alumni publications.
The department retains abound copy of each Marquette dissertation and thesis, in addition to many undergraduate and graduate essays. A growing file of faculty publications contains journal articles, reprints, and books. The extensive photographic collection includes prints of faculty, students, class reunions, laboratories, classrooms, buildings, and campus scenes. Slides, negatives, and audio/videotape records are also available. An excellent collection of football and basketball films dates from the 1930s.
Catholic social action collections.
The department holds collections of national and international significance relating to social action, particularly involving Catholic organizations, movements, and individuals in the United States during the 20th century. Major holdings document the role of the Church and its members in promoting basic human rights, interracial justice, agrarian reform, women's rights, and world peace, and in responding to the immediate needs of the poor. Notable collections include the records of the Catholic Association for International Peace, the Catholic Worker movement (incorporating the papers of its co-founder, Dorothy Day), the National Catholic Conference for Interracial Justice, the National Catholic Rural Life Conference, the National Coalition of American Nuns, Project Equality, the Sister Formation/Religious Formation Conference, and the Women's Ordination Conference, and the personal papers of Monsignor Luigi G. Ligutti and Sister Margaret Traxler.
Christianity in Native North America.
The Archives is committed to documenting the ongoing story of Christianity in Native North America. Since 1977, the department has acquired the Bureau of Catholic Indian Missions Records (1848–present, 300+ cubic feet) and 16 other collections. This material documents the histories of urban and rural missions and parishes; the values and attitudes of clergy, religious, and laity; the history and customs of Indian tribes; and the cultural interaction among Indians, church leaders, and U.S. Government officials. Documentation is particularly strong on tribes within Alberta, Canada, Chiapas, Mexico, and 16 states: Alaska, Arizona, California, Idaho, Michigan, Minnesota, Montana, Nebraska, New Mexico, North Dakota, Oklahoma, Oregon, South Dakota, Washington, Wisconsin, and Wyoming. 
The records of the "Bureau of Catholic Indian Missions" comprise the records of the Bureau of Catholic Indian Missions, the Commission for the Catholic Missions among the Colored People and the Indians and the Catholic Negro-American Mission Board and include papers of General Charles Ewing, Reverend John-Baptiste Brouillet, Captain John Mullan, Reverend Joseph Stephan, Monsignor William Ketcham, Reverend William M. Hughes and Reverend John Tennelly. The records of "Holy Rosary Mission - Red Cloud Indian School" (Pine Ridge Indian Reservation, South Dakota) include those of Red Cloud High School. Papers of Father Eugene Buechel are included in both the records of "Holy Rosary Mission - Red Cloud Indian School" and "St. Francis Mission" (Rosebud Indian Reservation, South Dakota).
Tolkien Manuscripts, literary holdings, and rare books.
The J. R. R. Tolkien Collection represents an extraordinary body of literary papers. The collection includes 11,000 original manuscripts and multiple working drafts of "The Lord of the Rings" and "The Hobbit", as well as books, periodicals, and other material by and about Tolkien. Other holdings include the papers of Catholic poets Jessica Powers and Joyce Kilmer, books by and about James Joyce, and the papers of Milwaukee artist Karl Priebe. The Music Collection, 1846–1963, contains 4,000 pieces of printed and manuscript music. Reflecting Marquette's institutional character, the Rare Book Collection of over 8,000 volumes is strong in philosophy, religion, and Jesuitica.
Politics and popular entertainment.
The department holds the papers of two alumni who represented Wisconsin in Congress and changed the course of post-war American politics: Senator Joseph McCarthy and Congressman Clement J. Zablocki. The papers of Wisconsin's longest serving governor, Tommy G. Thompson, are also preserved. Modern political history is further chronicled in FBI records (105 cubic feet of photocopies) relating to the investigation and surveillance of activist organizations and individuals. Popular entertainment in the 20th century is documented in the papers of alumni Don McNeill (performer) and Hildegarde Sell.

</doc>
<doc id="18622845" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18622845" title="RCMP Technical Security Branch">
RCMP Technical Security Branch

The Technical Security Branch of the Royal Canadian Mounted Police holds jurisdiction over all forms of Computer crime in Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="18622847" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18622847" title="Šećerana">
Šećerana

Šećerana may refer to:

</doc>
