<doc id="18602749" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18602749" title="Ministry of Finance (Soviet Union)">
Ministry of Finance (Soviet Union)

The Ministry of Finance of the Union of Soviet Socialist Republics (USSR) (), formed on 15 March 1946, was one of the most important government offices in the Soviet Union. Until 1946 it was known as the People's Commissariat for Finance ( – "Narodnyi komissariat finansov", or "Narkomfin"). Narkomfin, at the all-Union level, was established on 6 July 1923 after the signing of the Treaty on the Creation of the USSR, and was based upon the People's Commissariat for Finance of the Russian Soviet Federative Socialist Republic (RSFSR) formed in 1917. The Ministry was led by the Minister of Finance, prior to 1946 a Commissar, who was nominated by the Chairman of the Council of Ministers and then confirmed by the Presidium of the Supreme Soviet. The minister was a member of the Council of Ministers.
During the Russian Civil War, and immediately afterwards, the Commissariat usually confiscated property to support government operations. Following a short period of stability after the civil war the Commissariat introduced several governmental taxes on the population. The commissariat's structure differed little from its Tsarist predecessor, the only notable difference was that the Soviet ministry was very centralised while the Tsarist's finance ministry was a very decentralised one. The Commissariat, and later the Ministry, prepared the state budget in a joint process with its republican and local branches. The Ministry's structure went through few changes due to the Soviet government's conservative approaches to change. Soviet leader Mikhail Gorbachev introduced several reforms during his rule which had the unintended consequence of considerably hurting the ministry's prestige.
Founding and early history.
The Ministry's predecessor, the People's Commissariat for Finance of the Russian Soviet Federative Socialist Republic (RSFSR), was established by a decree of the second convocation of the All-Russian Congress of Soviets on and was part of the Sovnarkom. The first Commissar was Ivan Skvortsov-Stepanov appointed in 1917. However, following the introduction of the New Economic Policy, Narkomfin was made responsible for Gosbank, the State Bank of the RSFSR and then the State Bank of the Soviet Union. On 26 November 1921 Lenin issued a note calling for the appointment of Grigory Sokolnikov to the newly established post of People's Commissar for Finance. Sokolnikov took control of the organisation in 1922, although his formal position was not ratified until November 1922. In 1946 the Council of People's Commissars was renamed the Council of Ministers and the People's Commissariat for Finance was renamed as the Ministry of Finance.
In 1928 the Soviet government launched a building program headed by the OSA group. The OSA group oversaw the construction of a building which should have housed the employees of the People's Commissariat for Finance. Due to its close connections with the Commissariat for Finance the building was often referred to as "the Narkomfin building". The building was designed by Moisei Ginzburg and Ignati Milinis and has a reputation for being one of the best examples of still-standing Soviet constructivist architecture. The architects tried to give the building a collective feel to it but, when the building was finished in 1932, it was denounced as a remnant of "leftist utopianism" by Joseph Stalin's regime. Unlike many other Soviet constructivist buildings there is an ongoing campaign to save it.
When Alexei Kosygin, the Chairman of the Council of Ministers, initiated the 1965 economic reform the Ministry of Finance sabotaged the reform by not fully implementing it which, along with many other reasons, helped the reform to fail.
Duties and responsibilities.
During the formation of the Soviet state, in the late 1910s and early 1920s, the People's Commissariat for Finance of the Russian Soviet Federative Socialist Republic (RSFSR) was created. The commissariat did not differ greatly from that of Imperial Russia's Ministry of Finance and its system. The Soviet finance ministry was a heavily centralised structure, while its predecessor was not. During its humble beginnings, the main task of the People's Commissariat of Finance were: confiscation of property, robbery and requisition; printing and creating money; and taxation.
In the immediate aftermath of the October Revolution, and during the Russian Civil War, the Soviet government forcibly confiscated property to support their government. After the inflation of the 1920s printing of money nearly ceased and confiscation of goods became harder; after years of confiscating there was simply not enough property left to fund government operations anymore. After the civil war the confiscation of property ceased and several government taxes were introduced. The ministry's tasks were summed up in the 1971 charter: "The USSR Ministry of Finance prepares the draft of the USSR State Budget and bears responsibility for the fulfilment of the USSR State Budget, both for receipts and for expenditures [...]". Under the rule of Mikhail Gorbachev the Ministry lost much of its power. An example being that before 1990 all foreign trade investments had to be approved by the Ministry of Finance but in 1990 the ministries of finance of the Union republics approved foreign investment. The ministry was of vital importance and in the 1971 charter the Soviet government gave the ministry broad legislative power. As nearly all organisations had some sort of financial aspects the Ministry of Finance set standards and rules for accounting and bookkeeping. It also had the power to issue regulations for the detailed application of the tax legislation. This is also a common feature in the United States Department of Treasury, although the Soviet's regulations differ in being of a highly centralised manner that the US one does not. The Ministry of Finance usually exercised its powers jointly with other government agencies. The 1971 charter states that the Ministry of Finance had the right to participate with the State Committee on Prices for price-setting in the USSR, but it also participated in the setting of salaries and the fulfillment of the five-year plans with the State Planning Committee and the State Bank of the USSR (Gosbank).
The finance ministry started the budget preparation process by preparing instructions, forms and schedules for the upcoming state budget and prepared a preliminary balance of revenues and expenditures using data estimated by the State Planning Committee (Gosplan). This preliminary budget was then sent, together with instructions, to the all-Union ministries and ministries of finance of the Union's republics. The Union branches of the Ministry of Finance then prepared a budget estimate with information received from the lower Union ministries and information given to them by the all-Union Ministry of Finance. The state budget was conceived after the Union Ministry negotiated a compromise with its republican and local branches and each Soviet republic was given its own state budget. The Economic Committees of the Supreme Soviet voted on the state budget which, if it received enough support, would become policy.
Organisation.
The leading office of the ministry was the Minister of Finance (titled "Commissars" until 1946), the head of the ministry. The offices of First Deputy Minister of Finance were seen as the ministry's second-in-command.
There were several Deputy Ministers of Finance, each of them focusing their responsibility in one specific area, for example the financial regulation of the Soviet automobile industry.
There were two departments in the Ministry of Finance, both of which were highly centralised but were sometimes subjected to direct control by the local CPSU Party Control Committees. The two departments had their own distinctive budget. The Head of the Department of Revisory Control was recommended by the Minister of Finance and approved by the Council of Ministers, the Head of the Department of Revisory Control for the Union republics was recommended by the republic's Minister of Finance and the Council of Ministers.
The Department of Revisory Control of the Ministry of Finance enforced financial discipline by the following means: observance of laws, supervising financial discipline, controlling the implementation of the state budget, controlling the activities of financial organs, controlling the national insurance of the workers, examining the activities of the State Bank, controlling the audit functions of the internal financial control and controlling the activities of the chief and his senior accountants.
The Department of Revisory Control of the Ministries of Finance of the Union Republics: Controlled the implementation of the national budget of the republican Ministries of Finance and their local counterparts. The department also exercised control over enterprises and institutions directly subordinate to the Soviet government. The Department of Budget was a department which took part in drafting the budget of the Soviet Republics.
Disintergration.
After the failed August Coup of 1991 Boris Yeltsin and the Ministry of Finance of the RSFSR claimed authority over the Ministry of Finance of the USSR, the state bank and the Bank of Foreign Economic Activity. This meant that the institutions could not carry out any orders without the consent of the RSFSR government. The Ministry of Finance continued functioning until the RSFSR government issued a decree completing its takeover of the Soviet financial system. It was succeeded by the Ministry of Economics and Finance of the Russian Federation (1991) and the Ministry of Finance of the Russian Federation (1992). The last Soviet Minister of Finance was Vladimir Yefimovich Orlov, and Vladimir Rayevsky was acting Minister during the period of transition.
Commissars and ministers.
The following persons headed the Commissariat/Ministry as commissars (narkoms), ministers, and deputy ministers:

</doc>
<doc id="18602751" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18602751" title="Phil Morwood">
Phil Morwood

Phil Morwood born 17 June 1982 in Toowoomba, Queensland, Australia is a rugby league player for the Manly Sea Eagles in the National Rugby League. He plays as a prop or in the second-row.

</doc>
<doc id="18602753" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18602753" title="Virgilijus Čepaitis">
Virgilijus Čepaitis

Virgilijus Juozas Čepaitis (November 8, 1937 in Šakiai, Lithuania) is a Lithuanian publisher and translator, best known for his involvement in the Sąjūdis independence movement. He was the Executive Secretary of Sąjūdis and a member of its Initiative Group. He was also a signatory of the Declaration of the Restoration of Independence of Lithuania on March 11, 1990.
In 1961 Čepaitis graduated from Moscow's Maxim Gorky Literature Institute. Čepaitis is married to Auksuolė Čepaitienė. They have three children and live in Vilnius, Lithuania.
Literary works.
Čepaitis has translated 59 books, namely translations from English to Lithuanian (including stories and plays of A. A. Milne, J. O'Neal, William Saroyan, James Thurber, Tennessee Williams); books from Lithuanian to Russian (novels and stories of Lithuanian writers J. Aputis, J. Avyžius, J. Baltušis, V. Bubnys, R. Granauskas, R. Lankauskas, J. Mikelinskas, Kazys Saja, Ieva Simonaitytė, V. Sirijos Gira, etc.); books from Polish to Russian (stories and plays of T. Karpowicz, S. Lem, S. Mrozek, etc.).
He is the author of a screenplay for the film "Virto ąžuolai" (Oak Trees Fell) (1976).

</doc>
<doc id="18602760" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18602760" title="Oreste Biancoli">
Oreste Biancoli

Oreste Biancoli (20 February 1897 – 25 November 1971) was an Italian screenwriter and film director. He wrote for 92 films between 1930 and 1986. He also directed nine films between 1938 and 1952.
He was born in Bologna, Italy and died in Rome, Italy.

</doc>
<doc id="18602764" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18602764" title="Doctor Who Prom (2008)">
Doctor Who Prom (2008)

Prom 13: "Doctor Who" Prom was a concert showcasing incidental music from the British science fiction television series "Doctor Who", along with classical music, performed on 27 July 2008 in the Royal Albert Hall in London as part of the BBC's annual Proms series of concerts. The "Doctor Who" Prom was the thirteenth concert in the 2008 Proms season, and was "expressly designed to introduce young children to concert-going."
The "Doctor Who" Prom showcased the work of Murray Gold, who has composed the incidental music for "Doctor Who" since its return in 2005. Other classical pieces were also played. The concert was conducted by Ben Foster and Stephen Bell, and performed by the BBC Philharmonic. It was presented by actress Freema Agyeman, who played companion Martha Jones on "Doctor Who". Other "Doctor Who" actors and performers dressed as "Doctor Who" monsters also made appearances on stage and in the audience. The concert included video montages of scenes from "Doctor Who" and a specially filmed "mini-episode" of "Doctor Who" called "Music of the Spheres", which was presented on a screen above the orchestra and included live interactive elements.
The "Doctor Who" Prom was broadcast live on BBC Radio 3 and recorded for subsequent television broadcast on BBC One on 1 January 2009. It was positively reviewed in several newspapers.
The success of the 2008 Prom led to more "Doctor Who" Proms for the 2010 and 2013 Proms seasons.
Development and purpose.
In 2006, the "Doctor Who" production team had presented a concert titled "" at the Wales Millennium Centre in Cardiff, as a fundraiser for "Children in Need". The success of that concert encouraged "Doctor Who" producer Julie Gardner and David Jackson (then Head of Music at BBC Wales) to meet the Director of the BBC Proms, Roger Wright, and suggest a "Doctor Who"-themed Proms concert. The "Doctor Who" Prom replaced the "Blue Peter" Prom, which had been held from 1998 to 2007.</ref>
The "Doctor Who" Prom was part of an ongoing drive to make the Proms more accessible and inclusive. Some critics accused Wright of "dumbing down" the Proms, against which Wright defended the programme, pointing out that "we're hosting a concert for families that include pieces by Holst, Wagner and Prokofiev."
Gardner and "Doctor Who" producer Russell T Davies decided to create a "mini-episode" of "Doctor Who" to be shown during the concert, in part because actor David Tennant, who played the Doctor, was unable to participate in the live concert due to his commitments to the Royal Shakespeare Company's production of "Hamlet". Davies incorporated interactive elements into his script to ensure that the live performance was "an event":
The official price for pre-booked tickets was £10 for adults and £5 for children. These tickets sold out, and 3,000 people signed up for a waiting list in the event of any cancellations. Prior to the concert, tickets were touted on eBay for up to £250. As at all Proms concerts, 500 tickets were sold for £5 on the day of the event. The queue for £5 tickets for the "Doctor Who" Prom began at 5:00 in the morning. 6,000 people attended the sold-out concert. The audience included many families with children, as well as older "Doctor Who" fans. "The Times" described the concert as the "most over-subscribed concert" of the Proms season.
Programme.
In addition to the "Doctor Who" music by Murray Gold, several classical pieces were included in the concert, including one piece which had its United Kingdom début. Julie Gardner told "Doctor Who Magazine" that the concert's planners considered a theme of "time and space" to tie in with "Doctor Who", but decided that this "would lead to using the big sci-fi tracks from the likes of "", which would make the concert feel too much like a 'film and TV soundtrack day'." Instead, the producers chose "the Doctor's love of humanity" as a theme, and selected pieces which they felt connected with that theme.
Production.
The concert was conducted by Ben Foster and Stephen Bell, featuring the BBC Philharmonic and the London Philharmonic Choir, with solo performances by Tim Phillips and Melanie Pappenheim. Foster also arranged Gold's compositions for the performance. Freema Agyeman, who played Martha Jones in the third and fourth series of "Doctor Who", presented the programme with guests Noel Clarke and Camille Coduri, who respectively played Mickey Smith and Jackie Tyler in the first, second and fourth series of the television programme. Catherine Tate, who played the Doctor's companion Donna Noble in the 2006 "Doctor Who" Christmas special and the fourth series of the programme, made a surprise guest appearance to introduce "Donna's Theme", not having been listed as being a presenter in the lineup. Sarah Walker presented BBC Radio 3's coverage of the concert.
The full concert was rehearsed on Saturday, 26 July, the day before the performance. (At the 2006 "Children in Need" concert in Cardiff, a dress rehearsal had been attempted on the day of the performance, but there was only time to run half of the show.) The staging included the TARDIS prop centre stage, next to the bust of Henry Wood; a wall bearing the graffiti "Bad Wolf" was placed behind the police box and the bust.
The monsters and aliens who appeared on stage and in the audience were played by artists who had portrayed them on television, including Dan Starkey as the Sontaran Commander Skorr (a role he had played in the 2008 episodes "The Sontaran Strategem" and "The Poison Sky"). In the plot of the mini-episode "Music of the Spheres", a space-time portal opened from the interior of the Doctor's TARDIS to the Royal Albert Hall. During the episode, both the alien Graske and the Doctor's musical composition "fell" through the portal. Actor Jimmy Vee appeared on stage as the Graske, and sheets of music manuscript paper dropped onto the orchestra from the flyloft above the stage. Prior to the piece "Davros and the Daleks", a Dalek (operated by Barnaby Edwards, voiced by Nicholas Briggs) appeared on stage, and Davros appeared in the audience, announcing that the Royal Albert Hall would become his new palace, and the audience his "obedient slaves". Julian Bleach, who had played Davros in the 2008 television episodes "The Stolen Earth" and "Journey's End", reprised his role under Davros' heavy makeup for the concert.
Broadcast.
The "Doctor Who" Prom was broadcast live on BBC Radio 3. BBC Radio 3's recording of the concert could be streamed or downloaded via BBC iPlayer for a week after transmission and the concert was recorded for later television showing on BBC One.
During the interval of the concert, BBC Radio 3 broadcast "Let's Do the Time Warp Again", a 25-minute commentary by science fiction writer Justina Robson. In the essay, Robson discussed the moral contradictions of "Doctor Who" and compared the programme with religious texts as a cultural touchstone.
Highlights of the concert were televised on BBC One and BBC HD on 1 January 2009, and were also made available on digital television via the "Red Button". The television broadcast included "Concert Prologue", "All the Strange, Strange Creatures", "The Doctor Forever", "Rose" and "Martha vs The Master"; the mini-episode "Music of the Spheres" (with audience reactions); "The Daleks and Davros", "Donna"/"The Girl in the Fireplace"/"Astrid", "This is Gallifrey", "Doomsday", "The Doctor's Theme/Song of Freedom" and the "Doctor Who Theme." None of the non-"Doctor Who" music was included in the highlights broadcast on television. This edition of the concert was released as a bonus feature on the DVD for "The Next Doctor".
Uncut video of the concert was available via the Red Button for a period beginning 11 January 2009, and for a period beginning from 12 January 2009 was available to UK residents on the BBC's Doctor Who website.
Reception.
Writing in "The Times", Caitlin Moran called the event "the hottest ticket in town this week," and added, "As a child’s introduction to orchestral recitals, it is peerless." Moran also noted "a moment of squirming shame" at the realisation that composer Murray Gold has not won a BAFTA. Matthew Rye of the "Daily Telegraph" called the production "fluently staged" and called Gold's music "evocative"; he also described "The Torino Scale" as "a visceral miniature".
Bruce Dessau, writing in the "Evening Standard", felt that the classical compositions "jostled for attention" with Gold's work, and called "The Torino Scale" "cacophonous". Of the "Doctor Who" pieces, Dessau singled out soloist Melanie Pappenheim for her performance of "Doomsday" describing it as "haunting" and that it "hoisted the emotional level to a peak unsurpassed even when the team saved Earth, accompanied by the soaring "Song Of Freedom"." Dessau's sole complaint was that the concert gave insufficient attention to the work of the BBC Radiophonic Workshop, and that the programme's conclusion with the "Doctor Who" theme "felt more like an afterthought than a climax."
In "The Guardian", Nicholas Lezard praised the idea behind the concert: "One can imagine no better way to get children interested in classical music than by plonking them down in front of an orchestra belting out music from Doctor Who." Lezard noted that the non-"Doctor Who" music "was received with baffled tolerance"; he said that the BBC Philharmonic played "Montagues and Capulets" "crisply and excitingly", but felt that "Ride of the Valkyries" "tends to sound a little underpowered unless played by two orchestras at once". Lezard called Gold's work "a little derivative" but "perfectly suited to the task"; however, he complained that Gold's orchestration of the "Doctor Who" theme "drowned" Delia Derbyshire's original arrangement. He wrote that "the hundred-strong choir and soloist Melanie Pappenheim performed flawlessly," and also praised the technical execution of the complex programme.
In a review of the , Abigail Sanderson mentioned that although some had objected to the Doctor Who Prom, even "fearsome critics" agreed that it "was an excellent forum for introducing younger listeners to concert music."
Covering the event for "Doctor Who Magazine", David Darlington noted that the stated aim of the Proms is "to encourage an audience for concert hall music who, though not normally attending classical concerts, would be attracted by the low ticket prices and informal atmosphere" and concluded that if the children in the audience had such a love for "Doctor Who" "that they have come all this way to spend an hour or two listening to the music from the show, and that they will happily also sit through a formal, experimental and rather abrasive piece of modern classical music and then enthusiastically applaud at the end, then all concerned can be happy with their day's work."
Michael Beek, who wrote the programme notes for the concert, called it "a very theatrical experience", but suggested that it was "a small shame" that the BBC National Orchestra of Wales, who record the music for the television programme, had not been invited to perform. Beek also said that the performance of "Song for Ten" by original vocalist Tim Phillips "left a lot to be desired".
Reviewing the highlights from the concert shown on television, Paul Byrne of Dublin's "Evening Herald" called the concert "a delightfully silly idea" with an "irresistible charm". Anna Lowman of TV Scoop noted that some of the power of the featured "Doctor Who" music came from the audience associating the themes with powerful scenes from the television series. She added, "It was a joy to watch it on the TV, so I can only imagine that it was magical to be there on the night itself."
Writing in the "Daily Telegraph", Gillian Reynolds listed the "Doctor Who" Prom as one of several successful elements in the 2008 Proms season. Jenny Abramsky, the BBC's former Director of Audio and Music, praised Proms director Roger Wright "for creating such a wonderful and exciting event that clearly grabbed children's imagination." Anna Picard, music correspondent for "The Independent", included the "Doctor Who" Prom as a highlight in her year-end review of classical music in 2008. However, by April 2009 a journalist for "The Sunday Times" said that "there have been complaints that the Proms need no more gimmicks – such as David Tennant hosting a Doctor Who prom for children last year" (although Tennant did not host the Prom).

</doc>
<doc id="18602770" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18602770" title="Jitotol">
Jitotol

Jitotol is a town and one of the 119 Municipalities of Chiapas, in southern Mexico.
As of 2005, the municipality had a total population of 13,076. It covers an area of 203.7 km².

</doc>
<doc id="18602779" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18602779" title="Predigerkirche">
Predigerkirche

Predigerkirche (German for "Preacher's Church", after the Dominican Order which was also known as The Order of Preachers) may refer to the following churches:

</doc>
<doc id="18602784" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18602784" title="Neya River">
Neya River

Neya () is a river in Kostroma Oblast, Russia. It is a tributary of the Unzha River (in Volga's drainage basin). It is long, with a drainage basin of .
The town of Neya is situated by the Neya River.

</doc>
<doc id="18602796" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18602796" title="Juárez, Chiapas">
Juárez, Chiapas

Juárez is a town and one of the 119 municipalities of Chiapas, in southern Mexico.
As of 2005, the municipality had a total population of 19,956. It covers an area of 161.5 km².

</doc>
<doc id="18602803" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18602803" title="We Were Seven Widows">
We Were Seven Widows

We Were Seven Widows () is a 1939 Italian comedy film directed by Mario Mattoli and starring Antonio Gandusio.

</doc>
<doc id="18602815" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18602815" title="Larráinzar">
Larráinzar

Larráinzar is one of the 119 municipalities of Chiapas, in southern Mexico. The municipal seat is the town of San Andrés Larráinzar.
As of 2005, the municipality had a total population of 16,538. 
It covers an area of 171.04 km².

</doc>
<doc id="18602826" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18602826" title="Plato's number">
Plato's number

Plato’s number is a number enigmatically referred to by Plato in his dialogue the "Republic" (8.546b). The text is notoriously difficult to understand and its corresponding translations do not allow an unambiguous interpretation. There is no real agreement either about the meaning or the value of the number. It also has been called the "geometrical number" or the "nuptial number" (the "number of the bride"). The passage in which Plato introduced the number has been discussed ever since it was written, with no consensus in the debate. As for the number's actual value, 216 is the most frequently proposed value for it, but 3,600 or 12,960,000 are also commonly considered. 
An incomplete list of authors who mention or discourse about includes the names of Aristotle, Proclus for antiquity; Ficino and Cardano during the Renaissance; Zeller, Friedrich Schleiermacher, Paul Tannery and Friedrich Hultsch in the 19th century and further new names are currently added.
Further in the "Republic" (9.587b) another number is mentioned, known as the "Number of the Tyrant".
Plato's text.
Great lexical and syntactical differences are easily noted between the many translations of the "Republic". Below is a typical text from a relatively recent translation of "Republic" 546b–c:
"Now for divine begettings there is a period comprehended by a perfect number, and for mortal by the first in which augmentations dominating and dominated when they have attained to three distances and four limits of the assimilating and the dissimilating, the waxing and the waning, render all things conversable and commensurable with one another, whereof a basal four-thirds wedded to the pempad yields two harmonies at the third augmentation, the one the product of equal factors taken one hundred times, the other of equal length one way but oblong,-one dimension of a hundred numbers determined by the 
rational diameters of the pempad lacking one in each case, or of the irrational lacking two; the other dimension of a hundred cubes of the triad. And this entire geometrical number is determinative of this thing, of better and inferior births."
The 'entire geometrical number', mentioned shortly before the end of this text, is understood to be Plato's number. The introductory words mention (a period comprehended by) 'a perfect number' which is taken to be a reference to Plato's perfect year mentioned in his "Timaeus" (39d). The words are presented as uttered by the muses, so the whole passage is sometimes called the 'speech of the muses' or something similar. Indeed Philip Melanchthon compared it to the proverbial obscurity of the Sibyls. Cicero famously described it as 'obscure' but others have seen some playfulness in its tone.
Interpretations.
Shortly after Plato's time his meaning apparently did not cause puzzlement as Aristotle's casual remark attests. Half a millennium later however it was an enigma for the Neoplatonists, who had a somewhat mystic penchant and wrote frequently about it, proposing geometrical and numerical interpretations. Next, for nearly a thousand years Plato's texts disappeared an it is only in the Renaissance that the enigma briefly resurfaced. During the 19th century, when classical scholars restored original texts, the problem reappeared. Schleiermacher interrupted for a decade his edition of Plato while attempting to make sense of the paragraph. Victor Cousin inserted a note that it has to be skipped in his French translation of Plato's works. In the early 20th century scholarly findings suggested a Babylonian origin for the topic.
Most interpretators argue that the value of Plato's number is 216 
because it is the cube of 6 i.e. formula_1 which is remarkable for being also a sum of the cubes for the Pythagorean triple 3,4,and 5: 
formula_2
Such considerations tend to ignore the second part of the text where some others numbers and their relations are described. The opinions tend to converge about their values being 480000 and 270000 but there is little agreement about the details. It has been noted that 6 raised to fourth power yields 1296 and formula_3. Instead of multiplication some interpretations consider the sum of these factors: 48+27=75.
Other values that have been proposed include:

</doc>
<doc id="18602827" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18602827" title="Janusz Spyra">
Janusz Spyra

Dr Hab. Janusz Jan Spyra (born 1958) is a Polish historian. He is specializing in history of Cieszyn Silesia.
He graduated from the Jagiellonian University. In 1994 He gained a Ph.D. from the University of Silesia. In 2007 Spyra passed his habilitation.

</doc>
<doc id="18602833" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18602833" title="Ludwig Lange (physicist)">
Ludwig Lange (physicist)

Ludwig Lange (born June 21, 1863 in Gießen; died July 12, 1936 in Weinsberg) was a German physicist.
Biography.
He was the son of the philologist and archaeologist Ludwig Lange and his wife Adelheide Blume. He studied mathematics, physics, and also psychology, epistemology, ethics at the University of Leipzig and the University of Gießen from 1882-1885. He was an assistant of Wilhelm Wundt from 1885-1887 and attained his Ph.D. in 1886. He was working many years as a Privatdozent, and in the field of photography. Since 1887 he exhibited growing symptoms of a nervous disease. In 1936 he died in a psychiatric hospital (Klinikum am Weissenhof) in Weinsberg.
Lange is known for inventing terms like inertial frame of reference and inertial time (1885), which were used by him instead of Newton's "absolute space and time". This was very important for the development of relativistic mechanics after 1900. DiSalle describes Lange's definition in this way:

</doc>
<doc id="18602835" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18602835" title="Maravilla Tenejapa">
Maravilla Tenejapa

Maravilla Tenejapa is a town and one of the 119 Municipalities of Chiapas, in southern Mexico.
As of 2005, the municipality had a total population of 10,526. It covers an area of 411.32 km².

</doc>
<doc id="18602850" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18602850" title="Quipazine">
Quipazine

Quipazine is a piperazine drug used in scientific research. It is a moderately selective serotonin receptor agonist, binding to a range of different serotonin receptors, but particularly to the 5-HT2A and 5-HT3. 

</doc>
<doc id="18602858" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18602858" title="Mazapa de Madero">
Mazapa de Madero

Mazapa de Madero is a town and one of the 119 Municipalities of Chiapas, in southern Mexico.
As of 2005, the municipality had a total population of 7,180. It covers an area of 116.8 km².

</doc>
<doc id="18602862" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18602862" title="Mount Alfred">
Mount Alfred

Mount Alfred is a mountain located at the Queen Reach arm and head of the Jervis Inlet within the Pacific Ranges of the Coast Mountains in British Columbia, Canada. The mountain is the highest in the portion of the mainland between Jervis and Toba Inlets, with its prominence defined by the pass at the head of the Skwawka River, which feeds the head of Jervis Inlet. The unofficially-named Alfred Creek Falls, on Alfred Creek which drains off the mountain's glaciers southeast into the Skwawka, is one of Canada's highest waterfalls at .
__NOTOC__
Naming.
The mountain was named during the 1860 survey by the HMS "Plumper" who charted all the of the area and was named after HRH Alfred Edward “Affie” who was the third child, and second son, of Queen Victoria and Prince Albert of England, and who was Duke of Edinburgh from his birth in 1844 until his death in 1900. 
The first ascent of Mount Alfred was made in 1929 by Arthur Tinniswood Dalton and Percy Williams Easthope.

</doc>
<doc id="18602863" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18602863" title="Fawler">
Fawler

Fawler is a hamlet and civil parish in the valley of the River Evenlode, southeast of Charlbury in Oxfordshire, England.
There are traces of a Roman villa at Oatlands Farm. The manor house was built in 1660.
Finstock railway station on the Cotswold Line is actually closer to Fawler.

</doc>
<doc id="18602883" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18602883" title="Montecristo de Guerrero">
Montecristo de Guerrero

Montecristo de Guerrero is a town and one of the 119 Municipalities of Chiapas, in southern Mexico.
As of 2005, the municipality had a total population of 5,086. It covers an area of 190.3 km².

</doc>
<doc id="18602884" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18602884" title="Laura Solari">
Laura Solari

Laura Camaur (5 January 1913 – 13 September 1984), known by the stage name Laura Solari, was an Italian film actress.
Early life.
Laura Camaur was born on 5 January 5, 1913, in Trieste, then part of Austria-Hungary. She was the daughter of sculptor and artist Antonio Camaur (1875-1919) and his wife, Maria Taucer. In addition to being prominent in Triestine art and intellectual circles, Antonio Camaur was a prominent Irredentist and advocated annexation of Trieste by Italy. In late 1915, Camaur went into exile because of his pro-Italian sympathies, and Laura lived in Northern Italy until her family's return to Trieste in 1919.
Personal life.
After World War I, Laura came under the tutelage of the Taucer family who sent her to be educated in Vienna. In 1930, Laura married an older Hungarian army officer, Oscar Szemere, but the couple separated after his business failed. They were divorced in Reno, Nevada, in 1940. Laura later married Arthur Roper Caldbeck, a colonel in the British army.
Film career.
Laura was spotted by a talent scout, who was taken by her beauty, at a function at the La Scala theater in Milan. She was recruited as a motion picture actress by the fledging Italian film industry and acquired the stage name "Laura Solari". Beginning with "Regina della Scala" in 1936, she appeared in 30 films between 1936 and 1969. Solari participated in the legitimate stage in Trieste's Nuovo Teatro. She also appeared on television in programs such as the 1955 drama television series "Police Call".
Laura retired in 1969 and moved to Switzerland. She died in Bellinzona, Ticino, Switzerland on 13 September 1983, survived by three sons.

</doc>
<doc id="18602903" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18602903" title="N. Ponnappa">
N. Ponnappa

N. Ponnappa is an Indian cartoonist, working in Bangalore. His daily cartoon "Offside" is a regular feature of the local "Times of India". He contributes to the Economic Times and his cartoons have also been featured in "Midday" in Mumbai over the past 17 years. 
Ponnappa was born in Mangalore in 1948. His early education was in Mangalore, Pune and Chennai. He graduated as an architect and went to Chicago for higher studies. A self-taught cartoonist, he began to publish cartoons in his college magazine. He had an eleven-year stint from 1970 to 1981 as an architect in Chennai, Delhi, and Lagos, before he turned into a cartoonist. He settled down in Bangalore in 1982 and has since then, had a career as a freelance cartoonist. 
Ponnappa is the grandson of Nadikerianda Chinnappa, the compiler of the "Pattole Palome" (see:Kodava).

</doc>
<doc id="18602918" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18602918" title="Musée de la Franc-Maçonnerie">
Musée de la Franc-Maçonnerie

The Musée de la Franc-Maçonnerie, also known as the Musée du Grand Orient de France et de la Franc-Maçonnerie européenne, is a museum of Freemasonry located in the 9th arrondissement at 16, rue Cadet, Paris, France. It is open daily except Sundays and Mondays; an admission fee is charged. The closest métro station is Cadet.
The museum was established in 1889 by the Grand Orient de France as a cabinet of curiosities in the Hotel Cadet. It was despoiled in the German occupation of France during World War II but reopened in 1973, and in 2000 became an official museum of France. In that same year, many of its historical documents were returned from Moscow, where they had been held by the KGB after Germany's defeat in World War II.
Today the museum presents the history of French Freemasonry through its symbols, grades, documents, and objects. It contains approximately 10,000 items displayed in permanent exhibit space (800 m²), about 23,000 volumes in its archives (400 m²), and a further 400 m² dedicated to temporary exhibits. Among the historically important items in its collection are Voltaire's masonic apron (1778), Lafayette's masonic sword, a first edition of James Anderson's "Constitutions of the Free Masons" (1723), satirical prints by William Hogarth (1697-1764), Meissen porcelain figurine (1740), etc.

</doc>
<doc id="18602936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18602936" title="Ostuacán">
Ostuacán

Ostuacán is a town and one of the 119 Municipalities of Chiapas, in southern Mexico.
As of 2005, the municipality had a total population of 17,026 . It covers an area of 946.4 km².

</doc>
<doc id="18602955" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18602955" title="Tigrane">
Tigrane

"Tigrane, o vero L'egual impegno d'amore e di fede" ("Tigranes or The Equal Ties of Love and Faith") is an opera seria in three acts by the Italian composer Alessandro Scarlatti with a libretto by Domenico Lalli (loosely based on the "Histories" of Herodotus). It was first performed at the Teatro San Bartolomeo, Naples on 16 February 1715. It is regarded as one of Scarlatti's finest operas. As well as the serious main plot, there are also comic scenes involving the servants Dorilla and Orcone. 
Synopsis.
Act One.
Queen Tomiri (Tomyris in Herodotus) has two sons. One has been kidnapped and brought up as the Armenian prince, Tigrane. The other has been killed by Ciro, King of Persia. To avenge his death, Tomiri has fought and defeated Ciro with the aid of Policare and Doraspe. In return for their help, she has promised to marry one of them, but she is reluctant to come to a decision as she finds herself attracted to Tigrane, a commander in the allied army, unaware he is her son. Ciro's daughter, Meroe, is also in love with Tigrane and arrives at Tomiri's court in disguise, bent on avenging her father. Tomiri entrusts the choice of her husband to Tigrane, who says that whichever of the two kings can beat him in combat will win Tomiri's hand. Policare and Doraspe plot against Tigrane.
Act Two.
Tomiri reconciles the two kings and Tigrane. Meroe is about to kill Tomiri as she sleeps when she is prevented by Tigrane. Tigrane, surprised with Meroe's dagger in his hand, is accused of trying to murder Tomiri. Unwilling to reveal the truth, which would endanger Meroe, Tigrane is condemned to death.
Act Three.
As Tigrane faces execution, Meroe reveals her true identity. She is led away in chains and Tigrane is freed. The truth about Tigrane's parentage is finally discovered and Tomiri is reunited with her son. She pardons Meroe and allows her to marry Tigrane while the queen herself chooses Policare as her husband.

</doc>
<doc id="18602958" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18602958" title="Petri Mór">
Petri Mór

Petri Mór (b. Tăşnad, July 11, 1863 - Budapest, March 2, 1945) was a teacher, school inspector and author in Transylvania. 
His masterwork is "Szilágy vármegye monographiája" (I-IV, Budapest, 1901-1904).
On line work.
http://mek.oszk.hu/04700/04750/

</doc>
<doc id="18602959" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18602959" title="2008 World Professional Billiards Championship">
2008 World Professional Billiards Championship

The 2008 World Professional Billiards Championship, the top international professional competition in English billiards, was held at the Northern Snooker Centre in Leeds, England, between Wednesday, 23 July and Saturday 27 July 2008. The 16 players were divided into four groups of four, with the top two in each group advancing into the knock-out round.
Mike Russell won his 9th World Professional Billiards Championship title after beating Geet Sethi 1821–1342 in the final.

</doc>
<doc id="18602974" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18602974" title="Stéphane">
Stéphane

Stéphane is a popular French male given name. Notable people who carry it:

</doc>
<doc id="18602992" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18602992" title="Arild Gjengedal">
Arild Gjengedal

Arild Gjengedal (born 19 July 1943) is a Norwegian academic and politician for the Conservative Party.
He served as a deputy representative to the Norwegian Parliament from Telemark during the term 1985–1989.
He is a former rector of Telemark University College.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18603024" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18603024" title="Charlestown Police Department">
Charlestown Police Department

The Charlestown Police Department (CPD) is a 24-Hour municipal police agency serving the Town of Charlestown, Rhode Island. The department's primary responsibilities are law enforcement, investigations and emergency communications within the town. It is currently staffed by a force of 20 sworn officers and 5 civilian employees. 15-20 part-time reserve officers supplement the department during summer months.
The Charlestown Police Department is currently under the command of Jeffrey Allen (Chief of Police).
History.
Due to Charlestown, Rhode Island being a summertime beach and tourism community, the Charlestown Police Department's call volume significantly increases during the summer months. The population in town increases from a year-round population of approx. 8,000 to 20,000 and higher on busy weekends.
From the 1910s to the 1970s, the Town of Charlestown had no organized police department. A part-time Chief of Police and a few constables were appointed by the town council and only used during emergencies. The town's first Chief of Police was Chief Robert P. Day around 1912. Since Chief Day, nine others have held the position including The current chief, Jeffrey Allen.
Current police operations are based out of a brand new state-of-the-art police facility located just off U.S. Route 1 across from Ninigret Park. The current building replaced the out of date building next to town hall.
Specialized Units.
The Charlestown Police Department has several specialized units including a part-time multi-jurisdictional SWAT Team, a Bicycle/ATV team and an honor guard unit.

</doc>
<doc id="18603027" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18603027" title="Jan van Krieken van Huessen">
Jan van Krieken van Huessen

Jan van Krieken van Huessen (Deventer, 17 August 1942) is an independent Dutch fine artist who lives and works in Huissen. Time, Alchemy and Zen are important themes converging in the choice for a glacial erratic (stone) in the pond of his garden as the source of inspiration for his work.
From 1959 to 1964 Jan van Krieken studied Fine Arts, Illustration and Graphics at the Academy of Art and Design in Arnhem. Among his teachers were expressionist and MATERIESCHILDER Fred Sieger and ZERO artist Henk Peeters. After graduation Van Krieken developed as a fine artist. From 1979 to 2001 he was a teacher at the Arnhem Academy of Art and Design with students such as Krin Rinsema, Bernadien Wels, Djana Mileta, Tim Hinterding and Marion Bauhuis. As a freelance journalist Jan van Krieken reviewed art exhibitions for the Arnhemse Courant (1970–2000) and as an Expressive Therapist he was involved with the Psychiatric Department of the University Medical Center St Radboud in Nijmegen for over thirty years.
Jan van Krieken is a member of the Society of Fine Artists and his work is represented in numerous Art Lending Foundations, communal, provincial and private collections. Jan is a member of the Art Advisory Commission of the Municipality of Lingewaard.
Because of the existence of another artist by the name of Jan van Krieken, Jan now signs his work with Jan van Krieken Van Huessen (since November 4, 2001; the opening of their joint exhibition with the title “What’s In A Name?”).

</doc>
<doc id="18603052" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18603052" title="Double Trouble (1984 film)">
Double Trouble (1984 film)

Double Trouble () is a 1984 Italian action comedy directed by Enzo Barboni (as E.B. Clucher) and starring the comedy team of Terence Hill and Bud Spencer.
Plot.
Billionaire cousins Bastiano (Terence Hill) and Antonio (Bud Spencer) are two savvy businessmen, at least in one regard. They want to close a large deal, although they have to fear for their lives because of it since their competition won't even stop at murder. Therefore they have an agency find two look-alikes from the United States, stuntman Elliot Vance (Terence Hill) and the jazz saxophonist Greg Wonder (Bud Spencer). These accept the job offer, initially not knowing why they really have been hired. Nonetheless Elliot and Greg manage to fight their way through all kinds of situations without too much trouble. Additionally they quickly come to like the jet-set life. The resulting damage to their reputation provokes the Coimbras to return to Rio ahead of time. This puts them right into the sights of their enemies, alongside the cousins' look-alikes.

</doc>
<doc id="18603054" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18603054" title="Predigerkirche (Erfurt)">
Predigerkirche (Erfurt)

Predigerkirche ("Preacher's Church") is a Protestant church in Erfurt, Germany. It is a monastic church to the Dominican friary, Predigerkloster, adjacent to the church. Predigerkirche was originally built by the Dominican Order in the 13th century, when the mystic Meister Eckhart was prior here. The church only became a Protestant church after the Reformation. The original building was modified in 1340–50, and the bell tower was built between 1447 and 1488. Around 1806 Predigerkirche was used as a POW camp, which led to damage to the interior and the equipment. Repairs were made around 1826.
The first organ of Predigerkirche was installed in 1567, built by Heinrich Compenius der Ältere. His grandson Ludwig Compenius built a new, Baroque style organ by 1650; it was the largest and most expensive organ in the city. Today, Predigerkirche uses a Schuke organ built in 1978. Organists who worked at Predigerkirche include the following:

</doc>
<doc id="18603071" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18603071" title="Vyshyvanka">
Vyshyvanka

Vyshyvanka ( ) is the Ukrainian traditional clothing which contains elements of Ukrainian ethnic embroidery. Many variations of its design were created. Usually, it was made of homemade linen which was produced by loom. Local features are usually represented in the shirt's ornamental pattern.
History.
The art of embroidery in Ukraine traces its roots back to the pre-Christian period
, it has centuries-old history. It is proved by results of archaeological dig and travellers' documentary evidence. As a whole, embroidery is dated from the epoch primeval.
See also.
Vyshyvanky.net
etno-vyshyvanka.kiev.ua

</doc>
<doc id="18603081" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18603081" title="Issawa Singthong">
Issawa Singthong

Issawa Singthong (Thai อิศวะ สิงห์ทอง), (born October 10, 1980) is a Thai footballer. He was the former Midfield of Thailand national team since 2002-2004. He has played for Thai Premier League side Air Force Central.
Honours.
"International"
"Royal Thai Air Force"
"SQC Bình Định F.C."

</doc>
<doc id="18603085" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18603085" title="Planetarium Science Center">
Planetarium Science Center

The Planetarium Science Center is a department in the Bibliotheca Alexandrina in Alexandria, Egypt. It promotes the concept of science centers as an educational tool.
The Sections of the PSC.
The Planetarium.
A planetarium may be defined as:
The Bibliotheca Alexandrina's Planetarium Shows:
ALEXPloratorium.
It is located next to the Planetarium, where visitors are able to interact with its exhibits which cover various scientific topics, with emphasis on Physics and Astronomy.
Listen and Discover.
Short and simple scientific documentary films are displayed according to a predefined schedule. The Films are of a lively nature that attract audience and help them understand scientific issues in an appealing, simple yet interesting manner.
Programs in the PSC.
Hands-on Workshops.
Within the mission and strategy adopted by the PSC. The History of Science Museum conducts a variety of workshops to facilitate and animate the information in the museum in a simple fun manner. 
Topics offered in the PSC workshops include: 
Remote Sensing Workshop.
This program introduces the scientific participles of remote sensing. and offers hands-on applications. Participants are introduced to the impact of natural events through history using a series of satellites images, as well as the analysis of recent images to comprehend the current situation. They are also exposed to other environmental issues that are related to the workshop theme.
Zoom Earth Program.
This program comprises different kinds of educational activities, such as series of lectures, workshops and field trips. The program mainly tackles topics such as irrigation, meteorology, volcanoes and earthquakes. 
Discover your Environment Camp.
A winter camp, Discover your Environment allows students to interact with various fields of science through entertaining activities in the courses of an amazing journey to the Siwa desert organized by the PSC. 
RoboAlex Center.
The RoboAlex Center at the Alexploratorium offers hands-on robotic challenges guided by animators. The participating groups design, program, and test robots on a special playing field to accomplish certain missions.
Science Club.
Science Club implements educational and science programs at schools; they aim to "simulate curiosity, interest and enjoyment in science and its methods of inquiry, to develop experiment and investigative abilities and develop children's abilities and skills." 
Super Science Show.
The Super Science Show gets participating children involved in hands-on experiment. The show includes experiments in the fields of physics, biology, and chemistry.
Alexploratorium Contest.
The Alexploratorium Contest familiarize students of different age groups with essential topics in science like IQ tests and teamwork; it also tackles important scientific discoveries.
Important Events in the PSC.
Eratosthenes.
Eratosthenes is a traditional annual Festival that the Bibliotheca Alexandrina organizes with the aim of promoting science and heritage among school students. The Festivities of 2003-2008 evolved around measuring the Earth's circumference, following the footsteps of Eratosthenes.
First-Lego League in Egypt Competition Finale.
The result of an alliance between FIRST(For Inspiration and Recogenition of Science and Technology) and LEGO, First Lego League (FLL) is an international hands-on, sport-like robotics program for children 9-14. 
Guided by mentors, FLL student solve actual engineering challenges.
Intel BASEF.
The Planetarium Science Center (PSC), in collaboration with Intel Co. organizes the Intel Bibliotheca Alexandrina Science and Engineering Fair (Intel BASEF) hosted by the Bibliotheca Alexandrina (BA) in March. Intel BASEF brings together students in grades 9–12; 14-18 years of age; from Alexandria and neighboring governorates to train, research, innovate, compete, and winning.
The winning projects, one team project and two individual projects, will represent Egypt in the Intel International Science and Engineering Fair (Intel ISEF) that takes place in the United States of America.
World Water Day.
On the occasion of the international celebration of World Water Day, the PSC organizes one-day festival.
World Environmental Day.
Commemorated each year on 5 June, World Environmental Day (or simply Earth Day) is one of the vehicles through which the United Nations stimulates worldwide awareness of the environment and enhances political attention and action. The Slogan for 2008 was "CO2 Kick the habit": Towards a low-carbon Economy.
The Planetarium's Revamp.
The Bibliotheca Alexandrina reopened its planetarium doors after having equipped itself with a newly installed state of the art dome projection system and a set of stunning shows to go along with it.
With the new system running, the sea-side Bibliotheca and the Planetarium Science Center (PSC, the library's affiliate nonprofit educational center) are now ready to jointly host the 20th International Planetarium Society conference in June, 2010.
Digistar 3.
The planetarium describes its new system which is known as Digistar 3 as a "cutting-edge full-dome projection system with a rich set of real-time 3D astronomy features and a wide database of celestial bodies that enables the audience to explore the universe as never before."
Stunning Shows.
"Stars of the Pharaohs" is one of the shows currently displayed at the PSC which is centered on Ancient Egyptian astronomy. It answers questions like how much truth is there to claims that the Pharaohs' monuments were observatories, possessed magical powers or were even built by aliens? How did the Egyptians see and use the stars, and what is their legacy to us?
"New Horizons" on the other hand is a show focusing on modern astronomical discoveries and insights. The show promises to take the viewer on an "expedition through the Solar System and into the realm of comets." Its focus is one of exploration. (Alexandria's Planetarium Revamps its Gear)

</doc>
<doc id="18603087" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18603087" title="Howard and Moore Complete Checklist of the Birds of the World">
Howard and Moore Complete Checklist of the Birds of the World

The Howard and Moore Complete Checklist of the Birds of the World is a book by Richard Howard and Alick Moore which presents a list of the bird species of the world. It was the first single-volume world bird list to include subspecies names, and until the publication of the 5th edition of James Clements' Checklist of Birds of the World was the only one to do so.
It is currently in its third edition (2003), and is published by Christopher Helm in the UK.
First edition.
The first edition was published in 1980.
Second edition.
The second edition was published in 1991, and a reprint was issued in 1994, and included an appendix with a further 282 changes.
The jacket paintings are by Martin Woodcock.
Third edition.
The third edition was published in 2003. It was edited by Edward C. Dickinson, with the assistance of four other regional compilers: David Pearson (covering Africa), Van Remsen (The Americas), Kees Roselaar (the Palearctic region) and Richard Schodde (Australasia); Dickinson himself acted as the regional consultant for Asia.
This edition starts with a foreword from Richard Howard (Alick Moore having died prior to this edition being prepared). A seven-page introduction is followed by a six-page chapter entitled "Avian Higher-level Phylogenetics and the Howard and Moore Checklist of Birds" by Joel Cracraft, F. Keith Barker and Alice Cibois, after which is a summary of the family structure used in this edition, in tabular form, giving numbers of genera and species. The bulk of the book, from pages 31 to 826 is the systematic list. A references list from pages 832 to 883 lists 3000 references used in the compilation of the checklist.

</doc>
<doc id="18603091" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18603091" title="Hari Bahadur Basnet">
Hari Bahadur Basnet

Hari Bahadur Basnet is a Nepalese politician. He is the head of the Foreign Relations Department of the Rastriya Janashakti Party. Basnet holds a M.Sc. in Engineering.
Basnet entered politics in 1970. Three times he was elected to the Rastriya Panchayat. He joined the Rastriya Prajatantra Party when it was formed, and became a Central Committee member of the party. He also headed the International Relations department of RPP.
In 2003, he was appointed Minister of Law, Justice and Parliamentary Affairs, Education and Sports, Industry, Commerce, and Supplies in the cabinet of Surya Bahadur Thapa.

</doc>
<doc id="18603103" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18603103" title="Usa River (Komi Republic)">
Usa River (Komi Republic)

Usa (; ) is a river in the northeast corner of European Russia which drains the Polar Urals southwest into the Pechora River. The Polar Urals tend to the northeast and the Usa runs parallel to them. It is in the Komi Republic of Russia and the largest tributary of the Pechora River, which it joins from the right. It is 565 km long, with a drainage basin of 93 600 km². 
The Usa has an average discharge of 1310 m³/s, but this varies from a maximum of 21 500 m³/s in June to a minimum of 43.9 m³/s in April. It freezes over in October/November, and is icebound until the spring thaw begins in May or June. Its largest tributaries are, from the left: Yelets, Lemva, Bolshoy Kochmes and Kosyu, and from the right: Vorkuta, Seyda and Kolva.
The river has its sources in the northern Ural Mountains, and it flows towards the southwest, roughly parallel to the mountain range. The main river is formed by the confluence of the Bolshaya Usa ("Large Usa") and the Malaya Usa ("Little Usa") some 30 km east of Vorkuta. The two tributaries are steep, with many rapids and waterfalls. After the confluence the main river is calm, with only a few rapids in its upper sections. Its banks here are high and cliff-like, but further downriver they become lower, wooded and boggy, except for a section around the settlement of Adak (Russian: Адак), where the river cuts through the Chernyshov Hills.
Below the settlement of Sivomaskinsky (Russian: Сивомаскинский) the river gets much wider, and in its lower reaches it is from 700 meters to 2 kilometers wide. It also starts forming meanders and sand islands, and it keeps this appearance all the way to its mouth. Some 30 km from its mouth lies the town of Usinsk and the river port of Parma. The Usa flows into the Pechora River at the settlement of Ust-Usa.
The river is navigable 325 km from its mouth, and there are river ports at Abez, Petrun, Makarikha, Parma and Ust-Usa. Within the Usa basin is the large Pechora coalfield, and in its lower parts, by the town of Usinsk, there are several big petroleum- and natural gas fields.
The Usa valley has been inhabited for 40,000 years, as evidenced by the archaeological site Mamontovaya Kurya (Russian: Мамонтовой Курьи, "the mammoth curve").
With the Russian conquest of Siberia it became one of the main routes into Siberia. The route ran from the Pechora, which connects to other rivers in northern Russia, up the Usa, across the low Kamen Portage and down the Sob River to Ob River where there were customhouses at the Sob barrier and Obdorsk. During the short summer season this route was preferred by west-bound travellers since most of the sailing was down-river. For other Ural crossings see Verkhoturye.

</doc>
<doc id="18603113" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18603113" title="Quelli dell'intervallo">
Quelli dell'intervallo

"Quelli dell'intervallo" () is an Italian situation comedy produced by Disney Channel Italy. The show focuses on kids as they chat and get into unexpected situations while at a window in their school.
After Disney's success with the show, the idea was replicated throughout continental Europe, and eventually Asia, Australia, and the United States. In total, fourteen different shows have spun off from "Quelli dell'intervallo".
The show finally ended in 2009 ending the series with "Quelli dell'intervallo - In Vacanza". The show ended with the kids finishing school going to High School.
See also.
"As the Bell Rings"

</doc>
<doc id="18603133" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18603133" title="University of Canberra Library">
University of Canberra Library

The University of Canberra Library is the principal Library of the University of Canberra, located in Canberra, Australian Capital Territory.
Location.
The Library is located in Building 8 in the centre of the campus.
Collections.
The Library has extensive print and electronic collections across the full range of disciplines supported by the University of Canberra.
The Library has a number of special collections, these include:

</doc>
<doc id="18603149" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18603149" title="Arab-West Report">
Arab-West Report

Arab-West Report is an independent electronic magazine founded by Drs. Cornelis Hulsman and Eng. Sawsan Gabra Ayoub Khalil in 1997, originally titled the Religious News Service from the Arab World. The name was changed to Arab-West Report on 1 January 2003, reflecting the magazine's broadened scope of reporting. 
Arab-West Report presents systematic media reviews from Egyptian Arab media on subjects related to Muslim-Christian relations, which later expanded to include Arab-West relations. The magazine works with a fixed set of selection criteria for subjects taken from a fixed set of media thereby providing an excellent overview of changes in media reporting over the years. 
Arab-West Report is based in Cairo and has a board of advisers consisting of Egyptian Christian and Muslim experts, as well as non-Egyptian experts. The magazine is not partisan, and provides media critiques if non-partisan ethical standards have been knowingly violated. Arab-West Report also publishes its own investigative reporting in issues that have caused widely different responses between Muslims and Christians and/or different media. 
Arab-West Report has systematically followed Arab media since 1997 and has a unique archive of over 20,000 reviews and reports. The magazine is in particular frequently consulted by academics and students. 
Cooperation.
Arab-West Report is linked to the Arab-West Foundation in The Netherlands, the Center for Arab-West Understanding, Cairo and the Center for Intercultural Dialogue and Translation, Cairo, Egypt. These organizations all revolve around Arab-West Report and are sometimes addressed as the Arab-West Group.

</doc>
<doc id="18603166" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18603166" title="Raphaël Sévère">
Raphaël Sévère

Raphaël Sévère (15 September 1994) is a French clarinettist.
Biography.
Revealed to the public at the age of 12 on the radio (France Musique) and nominated "Revelation Instrumental Soloist" at the Victoires de la Musique at the age of 15, Raphaël Sévère received in November 2013 an international recognition winning the prestigious competition of Young Concert Artists International Auditions in New York, where he earned the 1st Prize and eight special prizes.
Aged 8, he took up the clarinet at the Conservatoire of Nantes. At 14, he was admitted to the Conservatoire National Supérieur de Musique of Paris where he obtained in June 2013 the master of arts degree.
Raphaël Sévère has been invited to play as a soloist with many French orchestras (of Brittany, Picardy, Tours Central Region, Ile de France, Cannes PACA, Nice, Mulhouse, Strasbourg, Garde Républicaine), and internationally with the Russian National Philharmonic Orchestra, Junge Sinfonie Berlin, Budapest Chamber Orchestra, Württemberg Chamber Orchestra, Hong Kong Wind Kamerata.
His first CD "Recital of French music" recorded live at the age of 12 has been rewarded by Diapason (4 stars), Classic Info Disque (Revelation), Classica Repertoire (Discovery). His second CD "Opus 2" has been rewarded 5 stars.

</doc>
<doc id="18603194" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18603194" title="Clinton Rosemond">
Clinton Rosemond

Clinton Rosemond (November 1, 1882 – March 10, 1966) was an American actor in films from the 1930s and 40s. Often typecast as a butler or servant, and often uncredited due to a lack of film roles for African-American actors, Rosemond was frequently relegated to playing demeaning parts, such as a stereotypical "scared Negro." He died in 1966 from a stroke.

</doc>
<doc id="18603202" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18603202" title="Imran Arif">
Imran Arif

Imran Arif (born January 15, 1984 in Kotli, Azad Kashmir) is a Pakistani-born English cricketer. A fast-medium bowler, he currently plays for Worcestershire County Cricket Club.
He played in the second XI for Sussex during the 2007 season before moving to Worcestershire, where he played five second XI matches before earning a place in the first team, making his first-class debut against Glamorgan in July 2008, where he took seven wickets in the match, including 5/50 in the first innings as Worcestershire won by ten wickets. 
He signed for Worcestershire as an overseas player, and a new two-year contract with Worcestershire could not be completed until he received a British passport. By 2009 he had lived in the UK for eight years, but did not hold a UK passport. He was granted this in March 2009, and Worcestershire's Director of Cricket Steve Rhodes told the "Worcester News" that Arif had "a wonderful talent". He added: "if he bowls like he did last year we will be very impressed."
In 2009 Arif was allocated to Kidderminster Victoria Cricket Club by Worcestershire.
Arif was released by Worcestershire at the end of the 2010 season having failed to hold down a first-team place in 2009 or 2010.
Notes.
Imran is currently playing for Paynesville Cricket Club in Victoria, Australia as their professional for the 2010/2011 season.

</doc>
<doc id="18603205" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18603205" title="Is My Head Still On?">
Is My Head Still On?

Is My Head Still On? was the first album by Swedish band Tiger Lou.
Track listing.
1. Sound Of Crickets
2. Sell Out
3. Oh Horatio
4. Warmth
5. War Between Us
6. Like You Said
7. Last Night They Had To Carry Me Home
8. Wake (Hooray Hooray)
9. All In Good Time
10. Lowdown
Videos.
Videos were made for the tracks 'Oh Horatio' (which becomes MTV's 'Pick Of The Week') and 'Sell Out'.

</doc>
<doc id="18603209" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18603209" title="Ethiopian Australian">
Ethiopian Australian

Ethiopian Australian is a term which may be used to refer to immigrants from Ethiopia to Australia and their descendants. However, as Ethiopia is a multi-ethnic country with significant inter-ethnic tensions, not all immigrants from Ethiopia accept the label "Ethiopian", instead preferring to identify by their ethnic group. In particular, various Oromo groups use the term Oromo Australian instead.
Migration history.
Ethiopian refugees who would eventually settle in Australia began flowing out of their home country as early as the 1970s, when the Derg came to power. They lived in refugee camps in neighbouring countries, mainly Sudan and Kenya, some for as long as 20 years before they found a country willing to resettle them. More left as refugees after Eritrea gained independence in 1993. The United States, rather than Australia, was the first-choice destination for most refugees; as a result, the Ethiopians in Australia tend to have less educational background and occupational skills than the Ethiopian populations elsewhere.
The peak of Ethiopian refugee resettlement to Australia came in 2003, when 700 came to the country. Late in the following year, 350 more Ethiopians from the Abu Rakham camp in Sudan, largely single or widowed mothers and their families, were resettled in Australia. These were mostly Christians of Amhara and Tigray descent. In total, about 3,000 Ethiopians settled in Australia between 2000 and 2005.
Numbers and distribution.
According to the 2006 Australian census 5,633 Australians were born in Ethiopia while 5,600 claimed Ethiopian ancestry, either alone or with another ancestry. The similar figures for ancestry and place of birth are indicative of the very recent immigration of this group.
Australia's 2001 census found about 3,600 residents of the country who reported their place of birth as Ethiopia. This made them the 15th-largest group of Ethiopian-born people in a country outside of Ethiopia, ahead of the United Arab Emirates and behind Norway. About 85% of those lived in Melbourne, alongside communities of immigrants from other countries in the Horn of Africa, mainly Eritrea and Somalia; they are primarily settled in Footscray and neighbouring suburbs such as Ascot Vale, Braybrook, Flemington, Kensington, and Sunshine. Other community of immigrants from Ethiopia can be found in New South Wales and Tasmania.
Education and employment.
Most Ethiopian refugees have 3–4 years of school attendance or less. Many are not literate; even those who are may only be familiar with the Ge'ez script and not the Latin script. The majority are either employed in unskilled positions, especially as cleaners and cooks, or have no work at all; their unemployment rate was measured at 45% in 1996. In Footscray, some have set up ethnic-oriented businesses, such as hair salons, clothing shops, and restaurants; most of their customer base is Ethiopian.
Religion.
Religious divisions among migrants from Ethiopia follow ethnic lines. The Amhara and Tigray are largely members of the Ethiopian Orthodox Tewahedo Church while the Gurage are almost evenly divided between members of the Ethiopian Orthodox Tewahedo Church and followers of Islam. Most Oromo are Muslim or members of the Ethiopian Orthodox Tewahedo Church or various Protestant denominations, including evangelical churches, and the Harari and Afar are almost all Muslims. There were two Ethiopian Pentecostal churches in the Melbourne area as of 2001, as well as an Ethiopian Orthodox church in Maribyrnong. However, there were no mosques specifically devoted to Muslims from Ethiopia; instead, they worship alongside believers from other countries.

</doc>
<doc id="18603217" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18603217" title="Colin Campbell (Australian footballer)">
Colin Campbell (Australian footballer)

Dr Colin Mansfield Campbell (13 August 1872 – 3 April 1907) was an Australian rules footballer who played for Essendon in the Victorian Football League (VFL) and a first-class cricketer, representing Tasmania.
A doctor by profession, Campbell appeared for Essendon in the Victorian Football Association (VFA) during the 1890s and was a member of four premiership sides. He came out of retirement in 1897 to play in the inaugural VFL finals series and was part of the team that was awarded the premiership. 
Also in 1897, Campbell represented Tasmania in a first-class cricket match against Victoria at the North Tasmania Cricket Association Ground. He was dismissed in both innings by another debutant in James Giller, for scores of 0 and 17.
Campbell, who was a rover, continued for Essendon the following season and played in the losing Grand Final that year.

</doc>
<doc id="18603227" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18603227" title="VEKA">
VEKA

VEKA AG of Germany is the world's largest extruder of uPVC profiles used for windows and doors. The company started its operations in 1969 as a manufacturer of shutters in Sendenhorst, Germany and has its own extrusion facilities in 12 countries (the United States, Russia, Poland, France, Spain, the United Kingdom, China, India, Canada, Mexico, Brazil and Chile) and representative offices in
more than 40 countries across the world, including the United Arab Emirates and India.
History.
VEKA was founded in 1967 as Vekaplast, producing roller shutters out of a fifteen thousand square foot rented facility. Two years later, one of the original employees, Heinrich Laumann purchased the company and began designing window systems, the first of which were unveiled in 1971.
Six years later, VEKA was able to build a manufacturing site. Today, in addition to this first facility, ten other sister facilities operate in eight countries on three continents.
Timeline.
1969 Heinrich Laumann takes over VEKAPLAST. With 8 staff, the regional company produces roller shutters and construction profiles reaching an annual turnover of 1.7 million DM.
1970 Heinrich Laumann and his team prepare for the production of window profiles. In close cooperation with window fabricators the first VEKA window system is developed.
1971 The production area is extended and window profile extrusion begins. The PVC window market share is about 10%
1974 Front door and sliding door systems are added to the product range. The production capacity limits are reached, hence VEKAPLAST purchases a 115,000 m2 industrial site in Sendenhorst for a new extrusion factory.
1977 After completion of the 1st building phase, the new 10,500 m² factory is taken into operation at the start of the year. The turnover this year was 30 million DM.
1979 The annual turnover amounts to 70 million DM. The production capacities again reach their limits and the 2nd building phase is initiated to create a further 11,500 m².
1980 Due to the increasing demand for VEKA window systems (turnover 1980: ca. 100 million DM) both nationally and internationally the decision to complete the 3rd building phase of 9,500 m² is made.
1981 VEKA opens their first mixing plant in Sendenhorst.
1983 Due to the national economic and market situation no considerable increase can be expected. Hence export activities are increasingly expanded. This year subsidiaries in Spain and the USA, initially together with an American partner, are founded.
1984 The newly established subsidiary in France quickly becomes the French market leader.
1985 VEKAPLAST begins manufacturing PVC sheets. These find wide use in a number of branches such as construction, industrial and advertising.
1986 VEKA acquires the Belgian sheet manufacturer, Isoblec, in Battice. The partner shares of the VEKA subsidiary in Spain are absorbed. VEKA UK starts production in Great Britain.
A new administration building is constructed in Sendenhorst. The total turnover for this year is a staggering 212 million DM.
1987 In France the new factory in Thonon-les-Bains is taken into operation.
1988 VEKAPLAST Sendenhorst takes over the shares of the American partner, so that VEKAPLAST USA becomes a 100% subsidiary.At the end of the year the Belgian companies Azotherm and ACE are acquired, both PVC and PE foils manufactures.In Sendenhorst the factory is expanded by a powerful mixing plant and a production hall for further sheet extruders.
1990 The company is transformed into a corporation under the name of VEKA GmbH. Sales amount to 454 million DM.
1991 The VEKA Umwelttechnik GmbH is founded in Behringen, Thüringen. The founding stone for the first branch specific recycling factory is laid.
1992 VEKA GmbH becomes a public limited company. This new legal form creates the necessary structure for the further expansion into international markets. The shares remain in the possession of the Laumann family and annual sales rise to 552 million DM.The VEKA AG is the first company in its branch to receive DIN ISO 9001 certification and thereby confirms their image as quality product supplier.
1993 On premises covering 120,000 m2, the most advanced European recycling plant is put into operation. The investment volume is ca. 30 million DM.The subsidiary VEKA West, Inc. is founded in Reno, USA. At the same time VEKA Holdings Inc. is founded, combining the business activities of the two American subsidiaries.Meanwhile the VEKA AG employs over 1,500 staff worldwide and achieves a sales volume of about 610 million DM.
1994 Foundation of the VEKA Polska Sp. z.o.o. in summer ‘94.The construction of a new extrusion factory is started in Reno USA. The start up is scheduled for next year.A joint venture is started in the Republic of China together with a Chinese partner. The VEKA AG has a share of 75 %.
1995 A sales office is established in Singapore to support the Southeast Asian markets of Malaysia, Thailand, the Philippines, Indonesia and Vietnam.
1996 The former CIS markets are able to be serviced through the newly established sales office in Moscow.Total sales of the VEKA group amount to 763 million DM, with a total of 1,864 employees.
1997 Elke and Andreas Hartleif (Heinrich and Rita Laumann's daughter and son-in-law) join their parent's company to assume executive HR and Group Planning roles.VEKA Umwelttechnik is the first firm specialising in the disposal of PVC windows to be certified by the Technischer Überwachungsverein (TÜV) thus ensuring recycling which is 100% environmentally-friendly and in accordance with recycling regulations.
1998 The Moscow based subsidiary "000 VEKA RUS" is established and the Chinese subsidiary relocates from Jinan to Shanghai. The ACE foiling subsidiary is sold.
1999 Together with 2,200 guests from 37 countries VEKA celebrates the company's 30th anniversary. Heinrich Laumann receives honorary citizenship from the city of Sendenhorst and is also decorated by the Federal Republic of Germany for his entrepreneurial performance.VEKA is the first Western profile fabricator to open a production site in Moscow. Two new subsidiaries are established: VEKA Plastics (Singapore) charged with co-ordinating business in the Southeast Asia region and VEKA Latina S.A., Buenos Aires, responsible for covering the South American markets.
2000 Heinrich Laumann steps down from his Board of Director position to assume chairmanship of the Supervisory Board. Hubert Hecker was named the new chairman of the Board of Directors. After 30 years of "VEKA history" the Managing Director Technology, Eugen Schlüter enters retirement.The subsidiaries: VEKA România S.R.L. (Bukarest), VEKA México (Monterrey) and VEKA do Brasil (Florianopolis) are established. The VEKA Group turnover amounts to 517.8 million EURO, hence exceeding the 1 billion DM threshold for the first time.
2001 Dr. Werner Schuler takes over the Board position: Managing Director Technology.
2002 VEKA Holdings Inc. (USA) takes over the Canadian extruder, Berlinex (Edmonton) and transforms the company into VEKA Canada Holdings Comp.. The VEKA Plastics Co. Ltd. in Bangkok is founded as sales office for the market in Thailand.
2003 Founding of the sales company VEKA India Pvt. Ltd. in Mumbai. The new "System Technikum" is taken into operation at the VEKA head office in Sendenhorst.
2004 VEKA opens its new customer centre in Sendenhorst. In October VEKA AG is awarded the economy price "Trophée International de l‘Industrie" by the renowned Institut International de Promotion et de Prestige. Now, VEKA ranks among such illustrious names as Microsoft, IBM, Mannesmann or Porsche all of which had been awarded the same prize.
2005 .
Again, this year shows that the foreign business is increasingly gaining in importance to VEKA AG:
• Opening ceremony VEKA România
• Opening of the VEKA magazine in Chile
• Begin of extrusion works at VEKA do Brasil
• Foundation of VEKA Plastics (Malaysia) Sdn Bhd manufacturing company
• 20 years VEKA S.A.S in France
2006 VEKA AG's activities in the US American market are enlarged thanks to the foundation of VEKA South. The southern States of the US as well as Central America and the Caribbean are now served from Terrell.Almost at the same time, a new affiliate, TOV VEKA Ukraine, is founded in the Ukraine. Before production will start here in 2007, a new storehouse will be set up.
Also during that year, extrusion works in the Malaysian affiliate are taken up.
The affiliates in Great Britain and Spain celebrate their 20th anniversary while it is the 10th anniversary of the Chinese plant.Now, VEKA is represented also on the Iranian market through its sales office.VEKA Umwelttechnik GmbH, an affiliate of VEKA AG was successful in entering foreign markets.
Also in that year, the French recycling plant AWEGO Plast SAS becomes an affiliate of VEKA UT.
2007 VEKA Umwelttechnik is developing its leading role in Europe as one of the biggest recycling enterprises specialised in uPVC window and door recycling. After the takeover of a French recycling plant last year, the acquisition of English recycling facilities Cylinder Plastics, which will operate under the name of VEKA Recycling Ltd. marks a further cornerstone in the development.The activities in Iran have been expanded through the founding of a local subsidiary.

</doc>
<doc id="18603230" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18603230" title="Serbia at the 2008 Summer Paralympics">
Serbia at the 2008 Summer Paralympics

Serbia competed at the 2008 Summer Paralympics in Beijing for the first time as independent country. Serbian competitors took part in table tennis and athletics events. They won 2 silver medals, Borislava Perić in table tennis event and Draženko Mitrović in athletics.

</doc>
<doc id="18603257" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18603257" title="Slovakia at the 2008 Summer Paralympics">
Slovakia at the 2008 Summer Paralympics

Slovakia competed at the 2008 Summer Paralympics in Beijing.
Slovak competitors took part in table tennis, among other sports.

</doc>
<doc id="18603260" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18603260" title="Push moraine">
Push moraine

A push moraine or pushed moraine is in geomorphology a moraine (a landform formed by glacial processes) that forms when the terminus advance of a lowland glacier pushes unstratified glacial sediment into a pile or linear ridge in front of it. A push moraine is identified by its ability to push sediment upwards from its original horizontal position. Push moraines are limited in size by the advance of a glacier front and its tendency to shear over the top of any ridge large enough to resist the movement of ice. Pushed moraines generally occur in low, flat plains at higher latitudes and were formed during the glacial stages of the Quaternary ice age. They can be up to 100 km long and several hundreds of metres in height.
Pushed moraines can be found in the North American plains, in Siberia and in Northern Europe. They were formed during cool, glacial stages, when glaciers advanced and covered large parts of North America and Eurasia. In some regions pushed moraines of more than one glacial stage can be recognised, or different generations from a single glacial phase. Since new glacial advances tend to destroy older pushed moraines, most were formed during the last (110,000 to 10,000 years ago) or second-last (238,000 to 128,000 years ago) glacial advances. Today push moraines can be found anywhere an advancing glacier is pushing sediment into a ridge at the terminus. Examples can be found in Alaska.

</doc>
<doc id="18603262" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18603262" title="Sumiko Sakamoto">
Sumiko Sakamoto


</doc>
<doc id="18603263" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18603263" title="Jonathan Berger">
Jonathan Berger

Jonathan Berger (born, New York, 1954) is an American composer. His works include orchestral, chamber, vocal, choral and electro-acoustic music. He has been commissioned by several chamber ensembles and has enjoyed commissions and awards from the National Endowment for the Arts, the Bourges Festival, Westdeutscher Rundfunk and Chamber Music America. Berger’s recent commissions include a violin concerto, a piano trio, and his fourth string quartet. In addition to composition Berger is an active researcher with over sixty publications in a wide range of fields relating to music, science and technology. Berger lives in California where he is the Denning Family Provostial Professor in Music at Stanford University.
Berger was the 2010 Composer in Residence at the Spoleto USA Festival, which commissioned a chamber work for soprano Dawn Upshaw and piano quintet.
Berger’s recent recording of music for strings, "Miracles and Mud", was released by Naxos on their American Masters series in 2008. His recent commissions include "The Bridal Canopy" for string quartet (Chamber Music Denver), a piano trio (Chamber Music Toronto and Stanford Lively Arts), a work for singer and chamber ensemble (The Spertus Institute), a work for interactive electronics, and a violin concerto (The Banff Centre for the Arts). In Spring 2009 he had two interactive sound installations on display at the Pasadena Museum of California Art.
In addition to composing, Berger is involved in multidisciplinary research including studies in music cognition, recognition and transformation of musical patterns, and the use of music and sound to represent complex information for diagnostic and analytical purposes. Before returning to Stanford he taught at Yale where he was the founding director of Yale University's Center for Studies in Music Technology. Berger is the author of over 50 journal articles and book chapters.
Berger's operas, Visitations, with libretti by playwright and poet Dan O'Brien, premiered in April 2013.
His works can be heard on the Eloquentia. Naxos, Sony Classical, Harmonia Mundi, Centaur, Neuma, CRI, and CCRMA labels.

</doc>
<doc id="18603270" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18603270" title="Musée national des Monuments Français">
Musée national des Monuments Français

The Musée national des Monuments Français is today a museum of plaster casts of French monuments located in the Palais de Chaillot, 1, place du Trocadéro et du 11 Novembre, Paris, France. It now forms part of the Cité de l'Architecture et du Patrimoine, and is open daily except Tuesday. An admission fee is charged.
The collection was a re-founding in plaster of a collection opened in 1795 as the Musée des monuments français of actual monuments of French Medieval and Renaissance art, removed from churches and chateaux after the French Revolution. This remained open until the Bourbon Restoration of 1816, and was highly influential on French taste, making the medievalism of the Troubadour style popular, and providing inspiration to its artists.
History.
Alexandre Lenoir.
In 1795, Alexandre Lenoir opened the "Musée des monuments français" to the public in the Petits Augustins convent, now the École des Beaux-Art in Paris, and served as its administrator for 30 years, but he had to restore most of its collections to their former private and public owners on the Bourbon Restoration in 1816. What remained would be partly moved to the Louvre in 1824 (in the galerie d'Angoulême under the generic term of musée de la sculpture française) and partly in the musée de Versailles in 1836.
Viollet-le-Duc.
The architect Eugène Viollet-le-Duc suggested gathering reproductions of French sculpture and architecture at a single site in the palais du Trocadéro in 1879, in buildings left vacant after the Exposition universelle in 1878. His proposal was accepted on 4 November. Alexandre du Sommerard would be designated on 20 December to form the musée de la Sculpture comparée. The institution opened its four rooms to the public on 28 May 1882, three more in 1886 and finally its library and foundational documents in 1889.
The palais du Trocadéro, almost completely destroyed under the direction of architect Jacques Carlu for the Exposition universelle of 1937, became the palais de Chaillot. Wholly redesigned, the museum became the musée des Monuments français. Very avant-garde in terms of its museographic conception and intellectual experimentation, notably through the efforts of the archaeologist Paul Deschamps, he had to close its doors due to an insufficient budget. In July 1995, a fire partially destroyed the building. Its planned reopening in 1998 was pushed back to 15 September 2007 in connection to the creation of the Cité de l'Architecture et du Patrimoine.
Today.
It occupies the aile Paris of the Palais de Chaillot and is made up of 3 galleries. The "galerie Davioud" and "galerie Carlu" form a gallery of plaster casts. The upper gallery serves as an exhibition space for modern and contemporary architectural models. Wall paintings and stained glass windows are located at the end of the modern and contemporary architecture gallery; they are shown on two levels. There is also a library as well as rooms for temporary exhibitions.
Collections.
It contains about 6,000 casts of sculptures of all periods including ancient Greece, Italy, Germany, and Switzerland, but with a strong emphasis on French sculptures of the Romanesque and Gothic periods. It also contains scale models of buildings, copies of architectural elements, sculpture, frescoes, and stained glass from French churches and châteaux, as well as a collection of about 200,000 photographs. Most copies were made in the late 19th and early 20th centuries.
Of particular interest is the Galerie Davioud, which displays casts of sculptures from the Strasbourg Cathedral (13th century), Bourges Cathedral (late 13th century), and the Notre-Dame de Reims. The museum also contains copies of elements from Angoulême Cathedral, Aulnay, Autun, Cluny, Conques, Jouarre, Moissac, Sainte-Marie-des-Dames at Saintes, Saint-Gilles-du-Gard, Saint-Trophime d'Arles, Saint-Génis-des-Fontaines, Saint-Sernin at Toulouse, and Notre-Dame du Port at Clermont-Ferrand.

</doc>
<doc id="18603300" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18603300" title="Slovenia at the 2008 Summer Paralympics">
Slovenia at the 2008 Summer Paralympics

Slovenia competed at the 2008 Summer Paralympics in Beijing. The country was represented by thirty athletes competing in seven sports. The delegation was Slovenia's largest in its history as an independent country.
Table tennis.
Slovenian competitors, including Mateja Pintar, took part in table tennis events.

</doc>
<doc id="18603325" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18603325" title="Brzeźnicka Węgorza">
Brzeźnicka Węgorza

Brzeźnicka Węgorza is a river in gmina Węgorzyno, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, Poland. It is a tributary of Rega, being long for about 40 km. Its beginnings can be found in the Studnica lake, in Drawa river region. It flows into Rega near Łobez.
Brzeźnicka Węgorza is extremely diverse along its current. In the upper current it resembles a mountain stream. The lower current (down the Żabice lake) is rather slow, the river flows in a wide valley, along riparian forests with ash trees and alders.

</doc>
<doc id="18603335" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18603335" title="Florence Devouard">
Florence Devouard

Florence Jacqueline Sylvie Devouard, "née" Nibart (born 10 September 1968) was the Chair of the Board of Trustees of the Wikimedia Foundation between October 2006 and July 2008, succeeding Jimmy Wales.
Devouard was born in Versailles, France. She grew up in Grenoble and studied in Nancy, and later lived in Antwerp in Belgium and in Arizona in the United States. , she resides in the village of Malintrat, near the city of Clermont-Ferrand in France. She had a master's degree in agronomy.
Devouard became active on Wikipedia when she was a housewife and taking care of two children. She joined the board of Wikimedia Foundation in June 2004 and was a founder of Wikimedia France in October 2004. She serves on the Advisory Board of the Foundation since July 2008. On 9 March 2008, she was elected member of the municipal council of Malintrat. On 16 May 2008, she was made a knight in the French National Order of Merit, proposed by the Ministry of Foreign Affairs as "chair of an international foundation".
She is married to Bertrand Devouard and has three children.
Devouard holds an engineering degree in agronomy from ENSAIA. She also holds a DEA in genetics and biotechnologies from INPL. She worked in public research, first in flower plant genetic improvement, and second in microbiology to study the feasibility of polluted soil bioremediation. She was employed until 2005 in a French firm to design decision-making tools in sustainable agriculture and now is a consultant in Internet Communication Strategy. At times, she has disagreed with the notion of "verifiability, not truth" as the basis for building consensus via collaboration.
Co-founder of Wikimedia France in 2004, she is vice-chair of its board as of 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="18603337" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18603337" title="United States at the 2008 Summer Paralympics">
United States at the 2008 Summer Paralympics

The United States sent a delegation to compete at the 2008 Summer Paralympics in Beijing, China. A total of 213 U.S. competitors took part in 18 sports; the only 2 sports Americans did not compete in were soccer 5-a-side and 7-a-side. The American delegation included 16 former members of the U.S. military, including 3 veterans of the Iraq War. Among them were shot putter Scott Winkler, who was paralyzed in an accident in Iraq, and swimmer Melissa Stockwell, a former United States Army officer who lost her left leg to a roadside bomb in the war.
The United States finished third in the gold and overall medal count, behind host nation China and Great Britain. The finish was an improvement from the 2004 Paralympics, where the U.S. finished fourth in the gold and overall medal count. The U.S. saw significant gains in Paralympic swimming, winning 17 gold medals and 44 total medals, 9 more than they took home from Athens. U.S. swimmers set a total of 16 world records, 23 Paralympic records, 48 Pan American records and 99 American records. U.S. coverage of the Games was provided by the Universal Sports Television Network and the official website of the U.S. Paralympic Team, usparalympics.org.
Disability classifications.
Every participant at the Paralympics had their disability grouped into one of five disability categories: amputation (either congenital or sustained through injury or illness); cerebral palsy; wheelchair athletes (often overlapping with other categories); visual impairment (including blindness); and les autres (any physical disability that does not fall strictly under one of the other categories, for example dwarfism or multiple sclerosis). Each Paralympic sport then had its own classifications, depending on the specific physical demands of the competition. Events were given a code, made of numbers and letters, describing the type of event and classification of the athletes competing. Some sports, such as athletics, divided athletes by both the category and severity of their disabilities. Other sports, such as swimming, grouped competitors from different categories together, the only separation being based on the severity of the disability. 
Athletes may have competed against individuals with different classifications in the same event. For example, track and field athlete Jim Bob Bizzell competed in the men's 200 meters T44; the prefix T designated a track event and 44 was the disability classification. Although he finished behind Oscar Pistorius (competing under the T43 class), Bizell set a world record in the T44 classification. For specific classification information, see the pages for individual sports at 2008 Summer Paralympics#Sports.
Medalists.
The following American athletes won medals at the games; all dates are for September 2008. In the 'by discipline' sections below, medalists' names are in bold.
Archery.
The American archery team consisted of seven men and one woman. The highest placed finishers were Lindsey Carmichael and Jeff Fabry, who each won a bronze medal. T. J. Pemberton and Joe Bailey competed against each other in the quarterfinals of the men's individual compound open, with Pemberton winning and going on to finish fourth in that event.
Track and field (athletics).
The American track and field team consisted of 26 men and 17 women. Among them was shot putter Scott Winkler, a U.S. Army veteran who was paralyzed in Tikrit, Iraq in 2003 after he fell off a truck while holding 50 pounds of ammunition. The team set six world records and won a total of nine gold, fourteen silver, and five bronze medals, two more medals than the team won in Athens. Jessica Galli won five medals, more than any other team member, while Amanda McGrory, Tatyana McFadden, and Jim Bob Bizzell each won at least three medals. Jeremy Campbell was the only U.S. track and field athlete to win two golds.
Legend: Q – Qualifiers for the final as decided on a basis of rank within heat; WR=World Record; PR=Paralympic Record
Legend: Q – Qualifiers for the final as decided on a basis of rank within heat; WR=World Record; PR=Paralympic Record
Boccia.
The U.S. boccia team consisted of a single competitor, T. J. Hawker. Hawker lost his four pool stage matches and did not advance to the knock-out stage.
Cycling.
The initial members of the 2008 U.S. Paralympic Cycling Team were named on June 6, 2008 after the 2008 U.S. Paralympics Cycling National Championships in Morrison, Colorado. The final roster included thirteen athletes (seven men and six women). The team entered the Games with a goal of two gold and ten medals total. They surpassed their goal, finishing with fourteen medals: five gold, five silver, and four bronze.
To ensure a fair event when athletes with differing disabilities compete, times achieved were sometimes modified by a percentage rate, to produce a result known as "Factor Time". It is this time that decided the result of the races, and is listed below. Where this differs from the actual time recorded, actual time is also listed.
Equestrian.
The only equestrian events held in the Paralympic Games are in the Dressage discipline. Five American riders competed, in both individual and team events.
Goalball.
Goalball is a Paralympic sport played by athletes who are blind and visually impaired. At the 2008 Paralympics, the U.S. men's goalball team hoped to repeat their bronze medal performance in Athens, but lost to Sweden in the final. The U.S. women's goalball team improved on their silver medal performance in Athens, defeating China in the gold medal match.
Judo.
Jordan Mouton was selected as the only U.S. representative in the women's division at the 2008 U.S. Paralympic Trials for Judo. All four American men went uncontested at the Trials and were automatically selected for the team. Greg DeWall, a first-time Paralympian, won a bronze medal in the Men's +100 kilogram class.
Powerlifting.
The U.S. powerlifting team consisted of two competitors, Mary Stack and Andy Wise. All of Stack's lifts were declared invalid. She faltered and missed on her first two attempts to lift 110 kg. On her third attempt, Stack managed to lift the weight but the judges did not accept the lift and she was disqualified. Wise completed two valid lifts, the maximum of which was 150 kg, and finished in eleventh place.
Key: NMR=No marks recorded
Rowing.
The 2008 U.S. Paralympic Rowing Team was selected after the 2008 U.S. Rowing National Championships in West Windsor, N.J. and was composed of nine athletes. This was the first time rowing has appeared as a medal sport in the Paralympic Games. Laura Schwanger, who has multiple sclerosis and won ten medals in track and field across three Paralympics, battled back from breast cancer treatment to win a bronze medal in women's single sculls at age 49. The U.S. mixed coxed four team rallied in the final 100 m of their 1000 m race to take the silver medal.
Qualification Legend: R=Repechage; FA=Final A (medal); FB=Final B (non-medal)
Sailing.
The United States entered crews in all three of the sailing events, held in the Qingdao International Sailing Centre. Maureen McKinnon-Tucker and Nick Scandone clinched a gold medal in the SKUD-18 class with two races left in the series. First-time Paralympian John Ruf won a bronze medal in a competitive 2.4 mR final race, where the top seven players of the fleet started within single-digit points of each other.
Shooting.
The U.S. sent two athletes (one man and one woman) to compete in the shooting events at the Paralympics.
Swimming.
The 2008 U.S. Paralympic Swimming Trials were held on April 3–5 at the University of Minnesota in Minneapolis, Minnesota. A total of 38 swimming athletes (20 male and 18 female) were selected to represent the U.S. at the 2008 Paralympic Games. Melissa Stockwell, a former United States Army officer who lost her left leg to a roadside bomb, became the first Iraq War veteran to be selected for the Paralympics. The roster also included Dave Denniston, an NCAA champion in the 200-yard breast stroke, two-time Olympic hopeful, and world record breaker who was paralyzed in a 2005 sledding accident. 
The U.S. Paralympic Swimming Team left Beijing with 17 gold, 14 silver and 13 bronze medals. The total of 44 medals was 9 more than they took home from Athens. Out of the 38 athletes on the team, 19 received a medal. U.S. swimmers set a total of 16 world records, 23 Paralympic records, 48 Pan American records and 99 American records.
Legend: Q – Qualifiers for the next round as decided on a time only basis. Ranks shown are overall rank against competitors in all heats; WR=World Record; PR=Paralympic Record
Legend: Q – Qualifiers for the next round as decided on a time only basis. Ranks shown are overall rank against competitors in all heats; WR=World Record; PR=Paralympic Record
Table tennis.
The United States sent four athletes (three men and one woman) to compete in Paralympic table tennis.
Volleyball.
The U.S. women's sitting volleyball team upset world number one Netherlands in five sets to reach the gold medal match, where they lost to China for a silver medal. The men's sitting volleyball team failed to qualify for the Paralympics after losing to Brazil at the 2007 Parapan American Games.
Women's sitting volleyball
Wheelchair basketball.
The United States qualified for both men's and women's wheelchair basketball tournaments at the International Wheelchair Basketball Federation qualifying tournaments for the Americas. The men's team finished in fourth place after losing to Great Britain in the bronze final. The women's team successfully defended their 2004 gold medal with a win over Germany.
Wheelchair fencing.
The United States sent five athletes (four men and one woman) to compete in wheelchair fencing.
Wheelchair rugby.
At the Paralympics teams in the sport of wheelchair rugby are made up of mixed classification quadriplegic athletes of both sexes. The United States qualified by winning the 2006 World Wheelchair Rugby Championships and went on to win its third gold medal since wheelchair rugby was introduced as a demonstration sport at the 1996 Atlanta Paralympics.
Wheelchair tennis.
The American wheelchair tennis team consisted of nine players. Lee Hinson, Paul Moran, Jon Rydberg and Stephen Welch competed in the men's events, Beth Arnoult and Kaitlyn Verfuerth competed in the women's events, and Brent Poppen, Nick Taylor and David Wagner competed in the mixed quadriplegic events. The tennis team was coached by Dan James, with Jason Hartnett as assistant coach, David Schobel as team leader, and Bill Taylor as the personal care assistant. Taylor and Wagner successfully defended their title in mixed doubles, which they had won four years earlier at the 2004 Paralympics. The two men competed against each other in the bronze medal match of the mixed singles event, with Wagner prevailing. 
Media coverage.
U.S. coverage of the 2008 Paralympic Games was provided by the Universal Sports Television Network. Daily live and delayed highlight shows as well as coverage of the opening and closing ceremonies was available on-demand at UniversalSports.com from September 6–17. Daily video highlights were also available at the official website of the U.S. Paralympic Team, usparalympics.org. The Universal Sports television broadcast began on October 8, followed by seven days of three-hour segments of coverage and a special presentation highlighting the events that was broadcast by NBC on October 18. A 90-minute documentary was presented by NBC on November 9, and was followed by another broadcast of the Games on Universal Sports from November 10–16.

</doc>
<doc id="18603359" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18603359" title="List of awards and nominations received by Charlie Sheen">
List of awards and nominations received by Charlie Sheen

The following is a list of awards and nominations for American actor Charlie Sheen. Sheen's wins have included a Golden Globe, a Bronze Wrangler and a Motion Picture star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame. He has been nominated for three Emmy Awards, two Golden Globes and two Screen Actors Guild Awards.

</doc>
<doc id="18603360" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18603360" title="Hanze Institute of Technology">
Hanze Institute of Technology

The Hanze Institute of Technology (HIT) is part of the Hanze University Groningen in the Netherlands. The HIT is based in Assen where it offers a Bachelor Programme in Advanced Sensor Applications (ASA). It started in September 2008 as a European pioneer in the field of sensor technology education, and is working closely together with partners such as Astron, Nederlandse Aardolie Maatschappij (NAM) / Shell and Sun Microsystems.
__TOC__
Aims.
The Hanze Institute of Technology (HIT) aims to be Europe's most advanced, international engineering school, specialising in the field of sensor technology. HIT seeks to identify and reward talent, excellence and innovation. 
The education offered is based around the theme sensor technology, which includes aspects of engineering from all disciplines.
HIT focuses on talented, high achieving students who possess SEnSE; Science interest, Entrepreneurial style, Solid determination and Excellence. Students will benefit from the involvement of industry experts as well as the social relevance and depth of the programme.
Bachelor Programme.
The Bachelor Advanced Sensor Applications (ASA) is a four year programme, specialising in intelligent sensor innovation. The Bachelor consists of a one year introduction year and a three year main phase. The Hanze Institute of Technology (HIT) is the first international engineering school in The Netherlands and works in partnership with national and international leaders in the field of sensor technology. This is reflected in the institute’s state-of-the-art building and high-tech educational facilities. Although the Bachelor Programme specialises in sensor technology, it covers many disciplines, including electrical and mechanical engineering, mathematics, physics, chemistry, biology, computer science and human technology.
The ASA Bachelor is the first of its kind to specialise in sensor technology. Sensor systems are extremely important in today’s world, influencing and affecting the lives of billions. The Bachelor Programme gives you the knowledge and skills to become an innovation leader with a broad focus and the ability to successfully apply technology within today’s world.
Exemption clause.
Highly talented students may be eligible for admission directly into the three year main phase, thereby reducing study time by one year. Students need to demonstrate an outstanding knowledge in the fields of mathematics, science and English. Therefore, a higher IELTS test score of 6.5 or TOEFL iBT test score of 100 is required.
Furthermore, three personal essays describing the applicant's character and the factors that have had an impact on applicant's personal development,greatest achievements; and career goals.
ISTeam.
Deciding where and especially at what University to study is a once in a lifetime decision of each student and most likely will be a cornerstone for the future career. Obtaining detailed information about the University, the curriculum and the student life are crucial to make the right decision. The International Student (IS) Team consists of students from all over the world that had been through that decision themselves and therewith can pass on their valuable experiences as well as answer specific questions on a student-to-student perspective to ensure that prospective students make the right decision. The ISTeam can be contacted in every language.

</doc>
<doc id="18603363" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18603363" title="Red McKelvie">
Red McKelvie

Red McKelvie is a New Zealand singer-songwriter-instrumentalist and session musician who has been described as "Australasia's greatest pop guitarist".
He has appeared on albums by Richard Clapton (including the Australian hit "Girls On The Avenue") and The Flying Circus in Australia and Hello Sailor, Dave Dobbyn's DD Smash, Al Hunter and Glen Moffatt in New Zealand.
McKelvie's early forays in the music scene were as lead guitarist for such Auckland, New Zealand, bands as The Chelsea Beats, The Dark Ages and The Avengers, but it was upon his arrival in Sydney, Australia, in 1967 that he became a much in-demand sideman and session player.
Sydney bands in which McKelvie featured included The Starving Wild Dogs, alongside future Blackfeather pianist Paul Wyld, and Quill before he joined The Flying Circus and greatly influenced their flirtation with country music.
Despite the first single from The Flying Circus's "Prepared In Peace" LP being McKelvie's "Israel", McKelvie was sacked from the band for "confusing the band's direction".
McKelvie released singles as a solo artist and as leader of The Third Union Band and was lead guitarist on the first two Richard Clapton albums, including playing all the multilayered electric guitar on the Australian number two hit "Girls On The Avenue".
He returned to New Zealand in 1975 where he became a highly sought after session musician, performed on Television New Zealand's primetime "That's Country" show and produced recordings for the country's queen of country music Patsy Riggir.
Bands McKelvie played with in Auckland, New Zealand, in the 1970s to the 1990s included Cruise Lane, with New Zealand's jingles king Murray Grindlay and Dragon songwriter Paul Hewson, the Al Hunter Band, the Glen Moffatt Band and his own Cajun combo Mumbo Gumbo.
McKelvie returned to his home town of Christchurch in 1997, and in 2007 finally released his debut solo album, "Ridin' On Trains - Songs of New Zealand and Australia". Eight of the songs from the album appeared on the 2009 release "Troubadours - NZ Singer/Songwriter Series: Vol 1", which also featured Glen Moffatt and Al Hunter.

</doc>
<doc id="18603375" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18603375" title="Matthew Gitsham">
Matthew Gitsham

Matthew Thomas Gitsham (born February 1, 1982) is an English cricketer. Primarily a leg break bowler, he has played for Gloucestershire County Cricket Club having previously represented Somerset Cricket Board in 2001 and Buckinghamshire in Minor counties cricket in 2006.
After playing for the Somerset Cricket Board in the Cheltenham & Gloucester Trophy in 2001 and 2002, Gitsham had to wait six years for a first-class debut with Gloucestershire. He played in an early season friendly match against Loughborough UCCE bowling seven wicketless overs in the first innings and scoring an unbeaten 192 in Gloucestershire's second innings to help his side secure a two-wicket win.
He went on to play three matches in the LV County Championship Division Two later in the season, dismissing Glamorgan's Simon Jones for his first wicket. He was released by Gloucestershire at the end of the 2009 season along with Grant Hodnett.
He has also played for overseas teams Wanneroo DC, in Perth, and Sturt Hill, Adelaide, in Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="18603438" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18603438" title="Into the Storm">
Into the Storm

Into the Storm may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18603486" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18603486" title="Norm Robinson">
Norm Robinson

Norman "Latchem" Robinson (1900 - 1980) was an Australian rugby league player, coach, selector and club administrator for the Balmain Tigers club in Sydney and a City, State and National selector and manager. He also served as NSW and Australian coach in 1948 and 1958 respectively.
Player & coach.
Robinson was graded to Balmain as a halfback in 1922. Promoted to first-grade in 1924, he was selected to tour Queensland with New South Wales after playing only one first-grade match.
Norm Robinson had three separate coaching spells with the Balmain club. He was coach of New South Wales in 1948. Also, in 1953, he coached the American "All Stars" during their tour of Australia. He was appointed coach of the Australian team for the 1958 Ashes series against the touring Great Britain Lions. The British won the series 2-1 after winning Game 2 in Brisbane and Game 3 in Sydney.
Post playing.
Robinson was for many years after his playing retirement a Secretary-Manager of the Balmain Leagues Club. Together with the St George administrator Snowy Justice, Robinson's former representative playing peer, he was one of the seminal forces behind the establishment of the Club Managers' Association of Australia at its foundation in 1964. Robinson was awarded a Life Membership of that organisation for outstanding service to the club industry.
The Wests Tigers Team of the Century was announced in 2004, encompassing the best players from both Balmain and Western Suburbs. Norm Robinson was voted the "Coach of the Century".
The "Latchem" Robinson stand at Leichhardt Oval, Balmain's home ground, is named in his honour. Norm Robinson died 12 days before the opening of the stand by Neville Wran, premier of New South Wales and Tiger supporter, in 1980.

</doc>
<doc id="18603505" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18603505" title="Doc Miller">
Doc Miller

Roy Oscar "Doc" Miller (February 4, 1883 in Chatham, Ontario - July 31, 1938 in Jersey City, New Jersey) was a Major League Baseball outfielder from -. He played for the Chicago Cubs, Boston Braves, Cincinnati Reds, and Philadelphia Phillies. He was interred in North Bergen's Garden State Crematory.

</doc>
<doc id="18603506" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18603506" title="Weightlessness">
Weightlessness

Weightlessness, or an absence of 'weight', is in fact an absence of stress and strain resulting from externally applied forces, typically contact forces from floors, seats, beds, scales, and the like. Counterintuitively, a uniform gravitational field does not by itself cause stress or strain, and a body in free fall in such an environment experiences no g-force acceleration and feels weightless. This is also termed zero-g.
When bodies are acted upon by non-gravitational forces, as in a centrifuge, a rotating space station, or within a space ship with rockets firing, a sensation of weight is produced, as the forces overcome the body's inertia. In such cases, a sensation of weight, in the sense of a state of stress can occur, even if the gravitational field were zero. In such cases, g-forces are felt, and bodies are not weightless.
When the gravitational field is non-uniform, a body in free fall suffers tidal effects and is not stress-free. Near a black hole, such tidal effects can be very strong. In the case of the Earth, the effects are minor, especially on objects of relatively small dimension (such as the human body or a spacecraft) and the overall sensation of weightlessness in these cases is preserved. This condition is known as microgravity and it prevails in orbiting spacecraft.
Weightlessness in Newtonian mechanics.
In Newtonian mechanics the term "weight" is given two distinct interpretations by engineers.
To sum up, we have two notions of weight of which weight1 is dominant. Yet 'weightlessness' is typically exemplified not by absence of weight1 but by the absence of stress associated with weight2. This is the intended sense of weightlessness in what follows below.
A body is stress free, exerts zero weight2, when the only force acting on it is weight1 as when in free fall in a uniform gravitational field. Without subscripts, one ends up with the odd-sounding conclusion that a body is weightless when the only force acting on it is its weight.
The apocryphal apple that fell on Newton's head can be used to illustrate the issues involved. An apple weighs approximately 1 newton. This is the weight1 of the apple and is considered to be a constant even while it is falling. During that fall, its weight2 however is zero: ignoring air resistance, the apple is stress free. When it hits Newton, the sensation felt by Newton would depend upon the height from which the apple falls and weight2 of the apple at the moment of impact may be many times greater than 1 N. It was great enough—in the story—to make the great man invent the theory of gravity. It is this weight2 which distorts the apple. On its way down, the apple in its free fall does not suffer any distortion as the gravitational field is uniform.
Stress during free fall.
Throughout this discussion on using stress as an indicator of weight, any "pre-stress" which may exist within a body caused by a force exerted on one part by another is not relevant. The only relevant stresses are those generated by "external" forces applied to the body.
The definition and use of 'weightlessness' is difficult unless it is understood that the sensation of "weight" in everyday terrestrial experience results not from gravitation acting alone (which is not felt), but instead by the mechanical forces that resist gravity. An object in a straight free fall, or in a more complex inertial trajectory of free fall (such as within a reduced gravity aircraft or inside a space station), all experience weightlessness, since they do not experience the mechanical forces that cause the sensation of weight.
Force fields other than gravity.
As noted above, weightlessness occurs when 1. no force acts on the object 2. uniform gravity acts solely by itself. For the sake of completeness, a 3rd minor possibility has to be added. This is that a body may be subject to a field which is not gravitational but such that the force on the object is "uniformly distributed" across the object's mass. An electrically charged body, uniformly charged, in a uniform electric field is a possible example. Electric charge here replaces the usual gravitational charge. Such a body would then be stress free and be classed as weightless. Various types of levitation may fall into this category, at least approximately.
Weightlessness and proper acceleration.
A body in free fall (which by definition entails no aerodynamic forces) near the surface of the earth has an acceleration approximately equal to 10 m s−2 with respect to a coordinate frame tied to the earth. If the body is in a freely falling lift and subject to no pushes or pulls from the lift or its contents, the acceleration with respect to the lift would be zero. If on the other hand, the body is subject to forces exerted by other bodies within the lift, it will have an acceleration with respect to the freely falling lift. This acceleration which is not due to gravity is called "proper acceleration". On this approach, weightlessness holds when proper acceleration is zero.
How to avoid weightlessness.
Weightlessness is in contrast with typical human experiences in which a non-uniform force is acting, such as:
In cases where an object is not weightless, as in the above examples, a force acts non-uniformly on the object in question. Aero-dynamic lift, drag, and thrust are all non-uniform forces (they are applied at a point or surface, rather than acting on the entire mass of an object), and thus create the phenomenon of weight. This non-uniform force may also be transmitted to an object at the point of contact with a second object, such as the contact between the surface of the Earth and one's feet, or between a parachute harness and one's body.
Tidal forces.
Tidal forces arise when the gravitational field is not uniform and "gravitation gradients" exist. Such indeed is the norm and strictly speaking any object of finite size even in free-fall is subject to tidal effects. These are impossible to remove by inertial motion, except at one single nominated point of the body.
The Earth is in free fall but the presence of tides indicates that it is in a non-uniform gravitational field. This non-uniformity is more due to the moon than the sun. The total gravitational field due to the sun is much stronger than that of the moon but it has a minor tidal effect compared with that of the moon because of the relative distances involved. Weight1 of the earth is essentially due to the sun's gravity. But its state of stress and deformation, represented by the tides, is more due to non uniformity in the gravitational field of the nearby moon.
When the size of a region being considered is small relative to its distance from the gravitating mass the assumption of uniform gravitational field holds to a good approximation. Thus a person is small relative to the radius of Earth and the field for a person at the surface of the earth is approximately uniform. The field is strictly not uniform and is responsible for the phenomenon of microgravity. Objects near a black hole are subject to a highly non-uniform gravitational field.
Frames of reference.
In all inertial reference frames, while weightlessness is experienced, Newton's first law of motion is obeyed locally "within the frame". Inside the frame (for example, inside an orbiting ship or free-falling elevator), unforced objects keep their velocity relative to the frame. Objects not in contact with other objects "float" freely. If the inertial trajectory is influenced by gravity, the reference frame will be an accelerated frame as seen from a position outside the gravitational attraction, and (seen from far away) the objects in the frame (elevator, etc.) will appear to be under the influence of a force (the so-called force of gravity). As noted, objects subject solely to gravity do not feel its effects. Weightlessness can thus be realised for short periods of time in an airplane following a specific elliptic flight path, often mistakenly called a parabolic flight. It is simulated poorly, with many differences, in neutral buoyancy conditions, such as immersion in a tank of water.
Zero-g, "zero gravity", accelerometers.
Zero-g is an alternative term for weightlessness and holds for instance in a freely falling lift. Zero-g is subtly different from the complete absence of gravity, something which is impossible due to the presence of gravity everywhere in the universe. "Zero-gravity" may also be used to mean effective weightlessness, neglecting tidal effects. "Microgravity" (or "µg") is used to refer to situations that are substantially weightless but where g-force stresses within objects due to tidal effects, as discussed above, are around a millionth of that at the Earth's surface.
Accelerometers, can only detect g-force i.e. weight2 (= mass × proper acceleration) They cannot detect the acceleration associated with free fall.
Sensation of weight.
Because of the distribution of mass throughout a person's body, the magnitude of the reaction force varies between a person's feet and head. At any horizontal cross-section of a person's body (as with any column), the size of the compressive force being resisted by the tissues below the cross-section is equal to the weight of the portion of the body above the cross-section. In the pose adopted in the accompanying illustration, the shoulders carry the weight of the outstretched arms and are subject to a considerable torque.
A common misconception.
A common conception about spacecraft orbiting the earth is that they are operating in a gravity free environment. Although there is a way of making sense of this within the physics of Einstein's general relativity, within Newtonian physics, this is technically inaccurate .
Spacecraft are held in orbit by the gravity of the planet which they are orbiting. In Newtonian physics, the sensation of weightlessness experienced by astronauts is not the result of there being zero gravitational acceleration (as seen from the Earth), but of there being no g-force that an astronaut can feel because of the free-fall condition, and also there being zero difference between the acceleration of the spacecraft and the acceleration of the astronaut. Space journalist James Oberg explains the phenomenon this way:
A geostationary satellite is of special interest in this context. Unlike other objects in the sky which rise and set, an object in a geostationary orbit appears motionless in the sky, apparently defying gravity. In fact, it is in a circular equatorial orbit with a period of one day.
Relativity.
To a modern physicist working with Einstein's general theory of relativity, the situation is even more complicated than is suggested above. Einstein's theory suggests that it actually is valid to consider that objects in inertial motion (such as falling in an elevator, or in a parabola in an airplane, or orbiting a planet) can indeed be considered to experience a local loss of the gravitational field in their rest frame. Thus, in the point of view (or frame) of the astronaut or orbiting ship, there actually is nearly-zero proper acceleration (the acceleration felt locally), just as would be the case far out in space, away from any mass. It is thus valid to consider that most of the gravitational field in such situations is actually absent from the point of view of the falling observer, just as the colloquial view suggests (see equivalence principle for a fuller explanation of this point). However, this loss of gravity for the falling or orbiting observer, in Einstein's theory, is due to the falling motion itself, and (again as in Newton's theory) not due to increased distance from the Earth. However, the gravity nevertheless is considered to be absent. In fact, Einstein's realization that a pure gravitational interaction cannot be felt, if all other forces are removed, was the key insight to leading him to the view that the gravitational "force" can in some ways be viewed as non-existent. Rather, objects tend to follow geodesic paths in curved space-time, and this is "explained" as a force, by "Newtonian" observers who assume that space-time is "flat," and thus do not have a reason for curved paths (i.e., the "falling motion" of an object near a gravitational source).
In the theory of general relativity, the only gravity which remains for the observer following a falling path or "inertial" path near a gravitating body, is that which is due to non-uniformities which remain in the gravitational field, even for the falling observer. This non-uniformity, which is a simple tidal effect in Newtonian dynamics, constitutes the "microgravity" which is felt by all spacially-extended objects falling in any natural gravitational field that originates from a compact mass. The reason for these tidal effects is that such a field will have its origin in a centralized place (the compact mass), and thus will diverge, and vary slightly in strength, according to distance from the mass. It will thus vary across the width of the falling or orbiting object. Thus, the term "microgravity," an overly technical term from the Newtonian view, is a valid and descriptive term in the general relativistic (Einsteinian) view.
Microgravity.
The term micro-g environment (also µg, often referred to by the term microgravity) is more or less a synonym of weightlessness and "zero-G", but indicates that g-forces are not quite zero, just very small.
Weightless and reduced weight environments.
Reduced weight in aircraft.
Airplanes have been used since 1959 to provide a nearly weightless environment in which to train astronauts, conduct research, and film motion pictures. Such aircraft are commonly referred by the nickname "Vomit Comet".
To create a weightless environment, the airplane flies in a six-mile long parabolic arc, first climbing, then entering a powered dive. During the arc, the propulsion and steering of the aircraft are controlled such that the drag (air resistance) on the plane is cancelled out, leaving the plane to behave as it would if it were free-falling in a vacuum. During this period, the plane's occupants experience about 25 seconds of weightlessness, before experiencing about 25 seconds of 2 "g" acceleration (twice their normal weight) during the pull-out from the parabola. A typical flight lasts around two hours, during which 50 parabolas are flown.
NASA's Reduced Gravity Aircraft.
Versions of such airplanes have been operated by NASA's Reduced Gravity Research Program since 1973, where the unofficial nickname originated. NASA later adopted the official nickname 'Weightless Wonder' for publication. NASA's current Reduced Gravity Aircraft, "Weightless Wonder VI", a McDonnell Douglas C-9, is based at Ellington Field (KEFD), near Lyndon B. Johnson Space Center.
NASA's Microgravity University - Reduced Gravity Flight Opportunities Plan, also known as the Reduced Gravity Student Flight Opportunities Program, allows teams of undergraduates to submit a microgravity experiment proposal. If selected, the teams design and implement their experiment, and students are invited to fly on NASA's Vomit Comet.
European Space Agency A300 Zero-G.
The European Space Agency flies parabolic flights on a specially-modified Airbus A300 B2 aircraft, in order to perform research in microgravity. ESA flies "campaigns" of three flights on consecutive days, each flying about 30 parabolas, for a total of about 10 minutes of weightlessness per flight. The ESA campaigns are currently operated from Bordeaux - Mérignac Airport in France by the company Novespace, while the aircraft is operated by DGA Essais en Vol. The first ESA Zero-G flights were in 1984, using a NASA KC-135 aircraft in Houston, Texas. , the ESA has flown 52 campaigns and also 9 student parabolic flight campaigns.
Other aircraft it has used include the Russian Ilyushin Il-76 MDK and French Caravelle.
Others.
The Zero Gravity Corporation, founded in 1993 by Peter Diamandis, Byron Lichtenberg, and Ray Cronise, operates a modified Boeing 727 which flies parabolic arcs to create 25–30 seconds of weightlessness. Flights may be purchased for both tourism and research purposes.
Ground-based drop facilities.
Ground-based facilities that produce weightless conditions for research purposes are typically referred to as drop tubes or drop towers.
NASA's Zero Gravity Research Facility, located at the Glenn Research Center in Cleveland, Ohio, is a 145-meter vertical shaft, largely below the ground, with an integral vacuum drop chamber, in which an experiment vehicle can have a free fall for a duration of 5.18 seconds, falling a distance of 132 meters. The experiment vehicle is stopped in approximately 4.5 meters of pellets of expanded polystyrene and experiences a peak deceleration rate of .
Also at NASA Glenn is the 2.2 Second Drop Tower, which has a drop distance of 24.1 meters. Experiments are dropped in a drag shield, in order to reduce the effects of air drag. The entire package is stopped in a 3.3 meter tall air bag, at a peak deceleration rate of approximately . While the Zero Gravity Facility conducts one or two drops per day, the 2.2 Second Drop Tower can conduct up to twelve drops per day.
NASA's Marshall Space Flight Center hosts another drop tube facility that is 105 meters tall and provides a 4.6 second free fall under near-vacuum conditions.
Humans cannot utilize these gravity shafts, as the deceleration experienced by the drop chamber would likely kill or seriously injure anyone using them; is about the highest deceleration that a fit and healthy human can withstand momentarily without sustaining injury.
Other drop facilities worldwide include:
Neutral buoyancy.
Weightlessness can also be simulated by creating the condition of neutral buoyancy, in which human subjects and equipment are placed in a water environment and weighted or buoyed until they hover in place. NASA uses neutral buoyancy to prepare for extra-vehicular activity (EVA) at its Neutral Buoyancy Laboratory. Neutral buoyancy is also used for EVA research at the University of Maryland's Space Systems Laboratory, which operates the only neutral buoyancy tank at a college or university.
Neutral buoyancy is not identical to weightlessness. Gravity still acts on all objects in a neutral buoyancy tank; thus, astronauts in neutral buoyancy training still feel their full body weight within their spacesuits, although the weight is well-distributed, similar to force on a human body in a water bed, or when simply floating in water. The suit and astronaut together are under no net force, as for any object that is floating, or supported in water, such as a scuba diver at neutral buoyancy. Water also produces drag, which is not present in vacuum.
Weightlessness in a spacecraft.
Long periods of weightlessness occur on spacecraft outside a planet's atmosphere, provided no propulsion is applied and the vehicle is not rotating. Weightlessness does not occur when a spacecraft is firing its engines or when re-entering the atmosphere, even if the resultant acceleration is constant. The thrust provided by the engines acts at the surface of the rocket nozzle rather than acting uniformly on the spacecraft, and is transmitted through the structure of the spacecraft via compressive and tensile forces to the objects or people inside.
Weightlessness in an orbiting spacecraft is physically identical to free-fall, with the difference that gravitational acceleration causes a net change in the "direction", rather than the "magnitude", of the spacecraft's velocity. This is because the acceleration vector is perpendicular to the velocity vector.
In typical free-fall, the acceleration of gravity acts along the direction of an object's velocity, linearly increasing its speed as it falls toward the Earth, or slowing it down if it is moving away from the Earth. In the case of an orbiting spacecraft, which has a velocity vector largely "perpendicular" to the force of gravity, gravitational acceleration does not produce a net change in the object's speed, but instead acts centripetally, to constantly "turn" the spacecraft's velocity as it moves around the Earth. Because the acceleration vector turns along with the velocity vector, they remain perpendicular to each other. Without this change in the direction of its velocity vector, the spacecraft would move in a straight line, leaving the Earth altogether.
Weightlessness at the center of a planet.
The net gravitational force due to a spherically symmetrical planet is zero at the center. This is clear because of symmetry, and also from Newton's shell theorem which states that the net gravitational force due to a spherically symmetric shell, e.g., a hollow ball, is zero anywhere inside the hollow space. Thus the material at the center is weightless.
Human health effects.
Following the advent of space stations that can be inhabited for long periods, exposure to weightlessness has been demonstrated to have some deleterious effects on human health. Humans are well-adapted to the physical conditions at the surface of the Earth. In response to an extended period of weightlessness, various physiological systems begin to change and atrophy. Though these changes are usually temporary, long term health issues can result.
The most common problem experienced by humans in the initial hours of weightlessness is known as space adaptation syndrome or SAS, commonly referred to as space sickness. Symptoms of SAS include nausea and vomiting, vertigo, headaches, lethargy, and overall malaise. The first case of SAS was reported by cosmonaut Gherman Titov in 1961. Since then, roughly 45% of all people who have flown in space have suffered from this condition. The duration of space sickness varies, but in no case has it lasted for more than 72 hours, after which the body adjusts to the new environment. NASA jokingly measures SAS using the "Garn scale", named for United States Senator Jake Garn, whose SAS during STS-51-D was the worst on record. Accordingly, one "Garn" is equivalent to the most severe possible case of SAS.
The most significant adverse effects of long-term weightlessness are muscle atrophy (see Reduced muscle mass, strength and performance in space for more information) and deterioration of the skeleton, or spaceflight osteopenia. These effects can be minimized through a regimen of exercise. Astronauts subject to long periods of weightlessness wear pants with elastic bands attached between waistband and cuffs to compress the leg bones and reduce osteopenia. Other significant effects include fluid redistribution (causing the "moon-face" appearance typical of pictures of astronauts in weightlessness), a slowing of the cardiovascular system, decreased production of red blood cells, balance disorders, and a weakening of the immune system. Lesser symptoms include loss of body mass, nasal congestion, sleep disturbance, excess flatulence, and puffiness of the face. These effects begin to reverse quickly upon return to the Earth.
In addition, after long space flight missions, male astronauts may experience severe eyesight problems. Such eyesight problems may be a major concern for future deep space flight missions, including a manned mission to the planet Mars.
On December 31, 2012, a NASA-supported study reported that manned spaceflight may harm the brains of astronauts and accelerate the onset of Alzheimer's disease.
Effects on non-human organisms.
Russian scientists have observed differences between cockroaches conceived in space and their terrestrial counterparts. The space-conceived cockroaches grew more quickly, and also grew up to be faster and tougher.
Fowl eggs which are fertilized in microgravity may not develop properly.
A 2006 Space Shuttle experiment found that "Salmonella typhimurium", a bacterium which can cause food poisoning, became more virulent when cultivated in space.
Technical adaptation in zero-gravity.
Weightlessness can cause serious problems on technical instruments, especially those consisting of many mobile parts. Physical processes that depend on the weight of a body (like convection, cooking water or burning candles) act differently without a certain amount of gravity. Cohesion and advection play a bigger role in space. Everyday work like washing or going to the bathroom are not possible without adaptation. To use toilets in space, like the one on the International Space Station, astronauts have to fasten themselves to the seat. A fan creates suction that carries the waste away. Drinking is aided with a straw or from tubes.

</doc>
<doc id="18603539" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18603539" title="List of rivers of Ecuador">
List of rivers of Ecuador

The rivers of Ecuador are an important part of the nation's geography and economy. Most of the over 2,000 rivers and streams have headwaters in the Andes mountain range, flowing therefrom either westward toward the Pacific Ocean or eastward toward the Amazon River. Narrow in the highlands, the majority of the rivers broaden as they reach the lower elevations of the Coast and Oriente. During the rainy season, which lasts from January to April, the rivers that drain into the Pacific flood and often cause damage.
Geography.
The two main water systems are the Esmeraldas River in the North and the Guayas in the South.
The Esmeraldas begins as the Guayllabamba River in the Sierra, flowing west before emptying in the Pacific near the city of Esmeraldas.
The Guayas forms to the north of Guayaquil, where the Daule and the Babahoyo Rivers converge. The Babahayo arises from its tributaries in the Andes. The Guayas basin covers 40,000 square kilometers.
The most important rivers in the Oriente are the Pastaza, Napo, and Putumayo. The Pastaza includes the Agoyan Waterfall, Ecuador's highest.
Economy.
Prior to the arrival of Europeans, the indigenous people of Ecuador used the rivers for fishing and transportation, although frequent waterfalls limited canoe travel in the Andes. The rivers long continued to be an important means of transportation, especially as the mountains made road and railroad building difficult.
Since the 20th century, rivers have become an important source of electric power in Ecuador. As of 2006, hydroelectric dams have a capacity 1,750 megawatts. Some critics have noted that these projects have tended to be "substantially oversized" without "delivering the promised energy benefits." In 2008, President Rafael Correa announced that the government planned to build eleven new hydroelectric power plants. Almost all of the dam projects face opposition from local communities that fear negative environmental impacts on the land and a lack of transparency in decision-making.
Recreational rafting on the rivers has become an important part of Ecuador's tourism-based economy.
Rivers.
This listing is arranged by drainage basin, with respective tributaries indented under each larger stream's name.

</doc>
<doc id="18603541" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18603541" title="Friend Like That">
Friend Like That

"Friend Like That" is the first single from Hawk Nelson's third album, "Hawk Nelson Is My Friend". It was released on Christmas Eve of 2007. This song is on the Digital Praise PC game Guitar Praise. This song was appearing by the compilation album WOW Hits 2009 and his regular versions.
Release.
"Friend Like That" was released as single through iTunes on December 24, 2007.
In its first week of release to iTunes, the song sold 25,000 digital copies.
In the week of March 19, 2008, "Friend Like That" was at #5 on R&R's Christian CHR chart, and had jumped to the #3 position on the Christian rock songs chart. It ended 2008 as the eleventh most-played song on R&R magazine's Christian CHR chart for the year.
Style.
Allmusic reviewer Rick Anderson called the song "charmingly goofy. ['Friend Like That'] acts as the distilled essence of the band's trademark approach: slightly whimsical lyrics, a shout-along chorus, and a song that somehow adds up to more than the sum of its parts."
Music video.
In the music video for "Friend Like That", the band members are in a cartoon world, populated by characters and scenery also seen on the cover art and "board game" in the special-edition version of the album Hawk Nelson Is My Friend. Lead singer Jason Dunn is singing as he runs, while the others wait patiently for him to reach the group. He finally comes and they drive off. After stopping off, they enter a building and find themselves playing a live concert on stage.

</doc>
<doc id="18603568" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18603568" title="Adhikari cabinet, 1994">
Adhikari cabinet, 1994

On September 30, 1994, following the 1994 parliamentary election, the Communist Party of Nepal (Unified Marxist-Leninist) formed a minority government led by Man Mohan Adhikari.

</doc>
<doc id="18603579" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18603579" title="Jesse Jackson">
Jesse Jackson

Jesse Louis Jackson, Sr. (born Jesse Louis Burns; October 8, 1941) is an American civil rights activist and Baptist minister. He was a candidate for the Democratic presidential nomination in 1984 and 1988 and served as a shadow U.S. Senator for the District of Columbia from 1991 to 1997. He is the founder of the organizations that merged to form Rainbow/PUSH. Former U.S. Representative Jesse Jackson, Jr. is his eldest son. Jackson was also the host of "Both Sides with Jesse Jackson" on CNN from 1992 to 2000.
Early life and education.
Jackson was born in Greenville, South Carolina, to Helen Burns, a 16-year-old high school student, and her 33-year-old married neighbor, Noah Louis Robinson, a former professional boxer who was an employee of a textile brokerage and a well-known figure in the black community. One year after Jesse's birth, his mother married Charles Henry Jackson, a post office maintenance worker who would later adopt Jesse. Jesse went on to take the surname of his stepfather, but also maintained a close relationship with Robinson over the years, and considered both men to be his father.
As a young child, Jackson was taunted by the other children regarding his out-of-wedlock birth, and has said these experiences helped motivate him to succeed. Living under Jim Crow segregation laws, Jackson was taught to go to the back of the bus and use separate water fountains – practices he accepted until the Montgomery Bus Boycott of 1955. He attended the racially segregated Sterling High School in Greenville, where he was elected student class president, finished tenth in his class, and earned letters in baseball, football and basketball.
Upon graduating from high school in 1959, he rejected a contract from a minor league professional baseball team so that he could attend the University of Illinois on a football scholarship. Following his second semester at the predominantly white University of Illinois, Jackson transferred to the North Carolina A&T, an historically black university located in Greensboro, North Carolina. There are differing accounts of the reasons behind this transfer. Jackson has claimed that he changed schools because racial prejudice prevented him from playing quarterback and limited his participation on a competitive public-speaking team. Writing on ESPN.com in 2002, sociologist Harry Edwards noted that the University of Illinois had previously had a black quarterback, but also noted that black athletes attending traditionally white colleges during the 1950s and 1960s encountered a "combination of culture shock and discrimination". Edwards also suggested that Jackson had left the University of Illinois in 1960 because he had been placed on academic probation. However, the president of the University of Illinois reported in 1987 that Jackson's 1960 freshman year transcript was clean, and said Jackson would have been eligible to re-enroll at any time.
While attending A&T, Jackson played quarterback and was elected student body president. He also became active in local civil rights protests against whites-only libraries, theaters and restaurants. He graduated with a B.S. in sociology in 1964, then attended the Chicago Theological Seminary on a scholarship. He dropped out in 1966, three classes short of earning his master's degree, to focus full-time on the civil rights movement. He was ordained a minister in 1968, and in 2000, was awarded his Master of Divinity Degree based on his previous credits earned, plus his life experience and subsequent work.
Civil rights activism.
SCLC and Operation Breadbasket.
Jackson has been known for commanding public attention since he first started working for Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr.. In 1965, Jackson participated in the Selma to Montgomery marches organized by James Bevel, King and other civil rights leaders in Alabama. Impressed by Jackson's drive and organizational abilities, King soon began giving Jackson a role in the Southern Christian Leadership Conference (SCLC), though he was concerned about Jackson's apparent ambition and attention-seeking. When Jackson returned from Selma, he was charged with establishing a frontline office for the SCLC in Chicago.
In 1966, King and Bevel selected Jackson to head the Chicago branch of the SCLC's economic arm, Operation Breadbasket and he was promoted to national director in 1967. Operation Breadbasket had been started by the Atlanta leadership of the SCLC as a job placement agency for blacks. Under Jackson's leadership, a key goal was to encourage massive boycotts by black consumers as a means to pressure white-owned businesses to hire blacks and to purchase goods and services from black-owned firms. Dr. T.R.M. Howard, a 1950s proponent of the consumer boycott tactic, soon became a major supporter of Jackson's efforts – donating and raising funds, and introducing Jackson to prominent members of the black business community in Chicago. Under Jackson's direction, Operation Breadbasket held popular weekly workshops on Chicago's south side featuring white and black political and economic leaders, and religious services complete with a jazz band and choir.
Jackson became involved in SCLC leadership disputes following the assassination of King on April 4, 1968. When King was shot, Jackson was in the parking lot one floor below. Jackson told reporters he was the last person who speak to King, and that King died in his arms – an account that several King aides disputed. In the wake of King's death, Jackson worked on SCLC's Poor People's Crusade in Washington, D.C., and was credited with managing its 15-acre tent city – but he began to increasingly clash with Ralph Abernathy, King's successor as chairman of the SCLC. In 1969, "The New York Times" reported that Jackson was being viewed as King's successor by several black leaders and that Jackson was one of the few black activists who was preaching racial reconciliation. Jackson was also reportedly seeking coalition with whites in order to turn racial problems into class problems, "When we change the race problem into a class fight between the haves and the have-nots, then we are going to have a new ball game", he said. The Times also indicated that Jackson was being criticized as too involved with middle class blacks, and for having an unattainable goal of racial unity.
In the spring of 1971, Abernathy ordered Jackson to move the national office of Operation Breadbasket from Chicago to Atlanta and sought to place another person in charge of local Chicago activities, but he refused to move. Jackson organized the October 1971 Black Expo in Chicago, a trade and business fair to promote black capitalism and grass roots political power. The five-day event was attended by black businessmen from 40 states, as well as politicians such as Cleveland Mayor Carl Stokes, and Chicago Mayor Richard J. Daley. Daley's presence was seen as a testament to the growing political and economic power of blacks.
In December 1971, Jackson and Abernathy had a complete falling out, with the split described as part of a leadership struggle between Jackson, who had a national profile, and Abernathy, whose prominence in the civil rights movement was beginning to wane. The break began when Abernathy questioned the handling of receipts from the Black Expo, and then suspended Jackson as leader of Operation Breadbasket for not obtaining permission to form non-profit corporations. Al Sharpton, who was then youth group leader of the SCLC, left the organization to protest Jackson's treatment and formed the National Youth Movement. Jackson, his entire Breadbasket staff and 30 of the 35 board members resigned from the SCLC and began planning a new organization. "Time" magazine quoted Jackson as saying at that time that the traditional civil rights movement had lost its "offensive thrust."
Operation PUSH and the Rainbow Coalition.
People United to Save Humanity (Operation PUSH) officially began operations on December 25, 1971; Jackson later changed the name to People United to Serve Humanity. T.R.M. Howard was installed as a member of the board of directors and chair of the finance committee. At its inception, Jackson planned to orient Operation PUSH toward politics and to pressure politicians to work to improve economic opportunities for blacks and poor people of all races. SCLC officials reportedly felt the new organization would help black businesses more than it would help the poor.
In 1978 Jackson called for a closer relationship between blacks and the Republican Party, telling the Party's National Committee that "Black people need the Republican Party to compete for us so we can have real alternatives ... The Republican Party needs black people if it is ever to compete for national office."
In 1984, Jackson organized the Rainbow Coalition and resigned his post as president of Operation PUSH in 1984 to run for president of the United States, though he remained involved as chairman of the board. PUSH's activities were described in 1987 as conducting boycotts of business to induce them to provide more jobs and business to blacks and as running programs for housing, social services and voter registration. The organization was funded by contributions from businesses and individuals. In early 1987 the continued existence of Operation PUSH was imperiled by debt, a fact that was used by Jackson's political opponents during his race for the 1988 Democratic Party nomination. In 1996, the Operation PUSH and Rainbow Coalition organizations were merged.
International activism.
Jackson's influence extended to international matters in the 1980s and 1990s. In 1983, Jackson traveled to Syria to secure the release of a captured American pilot, Navy Lt. Robert Goodman who was being held by the Syrian government. Goodman had been shot down over Lebanon while on a mission to bomb Syrian positions in that country. After a dramatic personal appeal that Jackson made to Syrian President Hafez al-Assad, Goodman was released. Initially, the Reagan administration was skeptical about Jackson's trip to Syria. However, after Jackson secured Goodman's release, United States President Ronald Reagan welcomed both Jackson and Goodman to the White House on January 4, 1984. This helped to boost Jackson's popularity as an American patriot and served as a springboard for his 1984 presidential run. In June 1984, Jackson negotiated the release of twenty-two Americans being held in Cuba after an invitation by Cuban president Fidel Castro.
On the eve of the 1991 Persian Gulf War, Jackson made a trip to Iraq, to plead to Saddam Hussein for the release of foreign nationals held there as the "human shield", securing the release of several British and twenty American individuals.
He traveled to Kenya in 1997 to meet with Kenyan President Daniel arap Moi as United States President Bill Clinton's special envoy for democracy to promote free and fair elections. In April 1999, during the Kosovo War, Jackson traveled to Belgrade to negotiate the release of three U.S. POWs captured on the Macedonian border while patrolling with a UN peacekeeping unit. He met with the then-Yugoslav president Slobodan Milošević, who later agreed to release the three men.
His international efforts continued into the 2000s. On February 15, 2003, Jackson spoke in front of over an estimated one million people in Hyde Park, London at the culmination of the anti-war demonstration against the imminent invasion of Iraq by the U.S. and the United Kingdom. In November 2004, Jackson visited senior politicians and community activists in Northern Ireland in an effort to encourage better cross-community relations and rebuild the peace process and restore the governmental institutions of the Belfast Agreement. In August 2005, Jackson traveled to Venezuela to meet Venezuelan President Hugo Chávez, following controversial remarks by televangelist Pat Robertson in which he implied that Chávez should be assassinated. Jackson condemned Robertson's remarks as immoral. After meeting with Chávez and addressing the Venezuelan Parliament, Jackson said that there was no evidence that Venezuela posed a threat to the U.S. Jackson also met representatives from the Afro Venezuela and indigenous communities. In 2005, he was enlisted as part of the United Kingdom's "Operation Black Vote", a campaign run by Simon Woolley to encourage more of Britain's ethnic minorities to vote in political elections ahead of the May 2005 General Election.
Political activism.
During the 1980s, he achieved wide fame as a politician, as well as becoming a well-known spokesman for civil rights issues. In 1980 for example, Jackson mediated in a firefighters' strike.
1984 presidential campaign.
On November 3, 1983, he announced his campaign for President of the United States in the 1984 election, becoming the second African American (after Shirley Chisholm) to mount a nationwide campaign for president.
In the Democratic Party primaries, Jackson, who had been written off by pundits as a fringe candidate with little chance at winning the nomination, surprised many when he took third place behind Senator Gary Hart and former Vice President Walter Mondale, who eventually won the nomination. Jackson garnered 3,282,431 primary votes, or 18.2 percent of the total, in 1984, and won three to five primaries and caucuses, including Louisiana, the District of Columbia, South Carolina, and one of two separate contests in Mississippi. More Virginia caucus-goers supported Jesse Jackson than any other candidate, but Walter Mondale won more Virginia delegates.
In May 1988, Jackson complained that he had won 21% of the popular vote but was awarded only 9% of the delegates. He afterwards stated that he had been handicapped by party rules. While Mondale (in the words of his aides) was determined to establish a precedent with his vice presidential candidate by picking a woman or visible minority, Jackson criticized the screening process as a "p.r. parade of personalities". He also mocked Mondale, saying that Hubert Humphrey was the "last significant politician out of the St. Paul–Minneapolis" area.
Relations with Jewish community.
Jackson was criticized in the early 1980s for refusing to repudiate Louis Farrakhan, for his support of a Palestinian state, and for remarks made to a reporter where he referred to New York City as "Hymietown". (Hymie is a pejorative term for Jews.) Jackson ultimately acknowledged he had used the term, and said he had been wrong; however, he also said that he had considered the conversation with the reporter to be off-the-record at the time he made the remarks. Jackson apologized during a speech before national Jewish leaders in a Manchester, New Hampshire synagogue, but an enduring split between Jackson and many in the Jewish community continued at least through the 1990s.
Jackson also made other remarks evidencing a negative attitude toward Jews including saying that Richard Nixon was less attentive to poverty in the U.S. because "four out of five Nixon's top advisers are German Jews and their priorities are on Europe and Asia"; that he was "sick and tired of hearing about the Holocaust"; and that there are "very few Jewish reporters that have the capacity to be objective about Arab affairs". Shortly after President Jimmy Carter fired U.N. Ambassador Andrew Young for meeting with Palestine Liberation Organization representatives, Jackson and other black leaders began publicly endorsing a Palestinian state, with Jackson calling Israel's prime minister a "terrorist", and then soliciting Arab-American financial support. Jackson has since apologized for some of these remarks, but they badly damaged his presidential campaign, as "Jackson was seen by many conservatives in the United States as hostile to Israel and far too close to Arab governments."
According to a 1987 New York Times article, Jackson began attempting to improve his relationship with the Jewish community after 1984. He was invited to speak in support of Jewish Senator and Vice Presidential candidate Joe Lieberman at the Democratic National Convention.
1988 presidential campaign.
In 1988, Jackson again sought the Democratic Party presidential nomination. According to a November 1987 article in "The New York Times", "Most political analysts give him little chance of being nominated – partly because he is black, partly because of his unretrenched liberalism." However, his successes in the past made him a more credible candidate, and he was both better financed and better organized than in 1984. Jackson once again exceeded expectations as he more than doubled his previous results, prompting R.W. Apple of "The New York Times" to call 1988 "the Year of Jackson".
In early 1988, Jackson organized a rally at the former American Motors assembly plant in Kenosha, Wisconsin, approximately two weeks after new owner Chrysler announced it would close the plant by the end of the year. In his speech, Jackson spoke out against Chrysler's decision, stating "We have to put the focus on Kenosha, Wisconsin, as the place, here and now, where we draw the line to end economic violence!" and compared the workers' fight to that of the civil rights movement in Selma, Alabama. As a result, the UAW Local 72 union voted to endorse his candidacy, even against the rules of the UAW.
Briefly, after he won 55% of the vote in the Michigan Democratic caucus, he was considered the frontrunner for the nomination, as he surpassed all the other candidates in total number of pledged delegates. However, Jackson's campaign suffered a significant setback less than two weeks after the UAW endorsement when he narrowly lost the Colorado primary to Michael Dukakis, and was defeated handily the following day in the Wisconsin primary by Dukakis. Jackson's showing among white voters in Wisconsin was significantly higher than in his 1984 run, but was also noticeably lower than pre-primary polling had predicted. The back-to-back victories established Dukakis as the clear Democratic frontrunner, and he went on to claim the party's nomination, but lost the general election in November.
Jackson's campaign had also been interrupted by allegations regarding his half-brother Noah Robinson, Jr.'s criminal activity. Jackson had to answer frequent questions about Noah, who was often referred to as "the Billy Carter of the Jackson campaign".
At the conclusion of the Democratic primary season, Jackson had captured 6.9 million votes and won 11 contests; seven primaries (Alabama, the District of Columbia, Georgia, Louisiana, Mississippi, Puerto Rico and Virginia) and four caucuses (Delaware, Michigan, South Carolina and Vermont). Jackson also scored March victories in Alaska's caucuses and Texas's local conventions, despite losing the Texas primary.
Campaign platform.
In both races, Jackson ran on what many considered to be a very liberal platform. In 1987, "The New York Times" described him as " a classic liberal in the tradition of the New Deal and the Great Society". Declaring that he wanted to create a "Rainbow Coalition" of various minority groups, including African Americans, Hispanic Americans, Arab-Americans, Asian Americans, Native Americans, family farmers, the poor and working class, and homosexuals, as well as European American progressives who fit into none of those categories, Jackson ran on a platform that included:
With the exception of a resolution to implement sanctions against South Africa for its apartheid policies, none of these positions made it into the party's platform in either 1984 or 1988.
Stand on abortion.
Although Jackson was one of the most liberal members of the Democratic Party, his position on abortion was originally more in line with pro-life views. Within one month after the 1973 Supreme Court decision, "Roe v. Wade", legalized abortion, Jackson began a PUSH campaign against the decision, calling abortion murder and declaring that Jesus and Moses might not have been born if abortion had been available in ancient times. Jackson's strong rhetoric on abortion temporarily alienated one of his major supporters, Dr. T.R.M Howard, a black physician who made a living from performing abortions. In 1975, Jackson endorsed a plan for a constitutional amendment banning abortion. He also endorsed the Hyde Amendment, which bars the funding of abortions through the federal Medicaid program. Writing in a 1977 National Right to Life Committee News report, Jackson argued that the basis for Roe v. Wade – the right to privacy – was also a premise that had been used to justify slavery and the treatment of slaves on the plantations. Jackson decried what he believed was the casual taking of life, and the decline in society's value system. However, Jackson later adopted a pro-choice view that abortion is a right and that the government should not prevent a woman from having an abortion.
Later political activities.
1990s.
He ran for office as "shadow senator" for the District of Columbia when the position was created in 1991, and served as such through 1997, when he did not run for re-election. This unpaid position was primarily a post to lobby for statehood for the District of Columbia.
In the mid-1990s, he was approached about being the United States Ambassador to South Africa but declined the opportunity in favor of helping his son, Jesse Jackson, Jr., run for the United States House of Representatives.
Jackson was initially critical of the "Third Way" or more moderate policies of Bill Clinton, so much so that Clinton was "petrified about a primary challenge from" Jackson in the 1996 election. However, he became a key ally in gaining African American support for Clinton and eventually became a close adviser and friend of the Clinton family. His son, Jesse Jackson, Jr., also emerged as a political figure, becoming a member of the United States House of Representatives from Illinois.
On May 2, 1999, during the Kosovo war, three US soldiers, who had been held captive were released as a result of talks with Jackson.
On November 18, 1999, seven Decatur students were expelled for two years after participating in a brawl at a high school football game. The incident was caught on home video and became a national media event when CNN ran pictures of the fight. After the students were expelled, Jackson spoke out arguing that the expulsions were unfair and racially biased. He called on the school board to reverse their decision.
2000s.
Jackson was a target of the 2002 white supremacist terror plot.
In 2003, Jackson surprised many observers by declining to endorse the campaigns of either Al Sharpton or former Senator Carol Moseley Braun, the two African American candidates in the race for the Democratic Party's 2004 presidential nomination. Instead, Jackson remained largely silent about his preference until late in the primary season, when he allowed Democratic Representative Dennis Kucinich of Ohio, another presidential candidate, to speak at a Rainbow/PUSH forum on March 31, 2004. Although he did not explicitly voice an endorsement of Representative Kucinich, Jackson described Kucinich as "assuming the burden of saying 'you make the most sense, but you can't win.'" He also writes for "The Progressive Populist".
Jackson gathered information and support to investigate the 2004 U.S. presidential election controversy, particularly the voting results in Ohio and its recount. He called for a congressional debate on the matter, asking for a fair count and national voting standards, saying that the elections in the United States are each run with different standards by different states with partisan tricks, racial bias, and widespread incompetence and are an open scandal. He compared the voting irregularities of Ohio to those occurring in the 2004 Ukrainian presidential election, saying that if Ohio were the Ukraine, the U.S. presidential election would not have been certified by the international community. Jackson called Ohio Secretary of State Kenneth Blackwell inappropriately partisan and said that Blackwell may have been pressured by President George W. Bush and Vice-President Dick Cheney to deliver Ohio to the Republican Party.
Based on information obtained in hearings held by Rep. John Conyers (D-MI) and discovered during a flawed recount of the Ohio presidential vote called for by Green Party candidate David Cobb and Libertarian Party candidate Michael Badnarik, Jackson suggested that the Ohio voting machines were "rigged" and that some African-Americans were forced to stand in line for six hours in the rain before voting. When asked for evidence, Jackson replied, "Based on distrusting the system, lack of paper trails, the anomaly of the exit polls."
On January 6, 2005, the U.S. House Judiciary Committee Democratic staff released a 100-page report on the Ohio election. This challenge to the Ohio election was rejected by a vote of 74-1 by the United States Senate and 267-31 in the House. Many high-ranking Democrats chose to distance themselves from this debate, including John Kerry, despite Jesse Jackson personally asking Kerry for help. The call for election reform legislation and voting rights protection nonetheless continued.
In early 2005, Jackson visited the parents in the Terri Schiavo case; he supported their unsuccessful bid to keep her alive.
In March 2006, an African-American woman accused three white members of the Duke University men's lacrosse team of raping her. During the ensuing controversy, Jackson stated that his Rainbow/PUSH Coalition would pay for the rest of her college tuition regardless of the outcome of the case. The case against the three men was later thrown out and the players were declared innocent by the North Carolina Attorney General.
Jackson took a key role in the scandal caused by comedic actor Michael Richards' racially-charged comments in November 2006. Richards called Jackson a few days after the incident to apologize; Jackson accepted Richards' apology and met with him publicly as a means of resolving the situation. Jackson also joined black leaders in a call for the elimination of the "N-word" throughout the entertainment industry.
On June 23, 2007 Jackson was arrested in connection with a protest at a gun store in Riverdale, a poor suburb of Chicago, Illinois. Jackson and others were protesting due to allegations that the gun store had been selling firearms to local gang members and was contributing to the decay of the community. According to police reports, Jackson refused to stop blocking the front entrance of the store and let customers pass. He was charged with one count of criminal trespass to property.
In March 2007, Jackson declared his support for then-Senator Barack Obama in the 2008 democratic primaries. Jackson later criticized Obama in 2007 for "acting like he's white," in response to the Jena 6 beating case.
On July 6, 2008, during an interview with Fox News, a microphone picked up Jackson whispering to fellow guest Dr. Reed Tuckson: "See, Barack's been, ahh, talking down to black people on this faith-based... I want to cut his nuts off." Jackson was expressing his disappointment in Obama's Father's Day speech chastisement of black fathers. Subsequent to his Fox News interview, Jackson apologized and reiterated his support for Obama.
On November 4, 2008, Jackson attended the Obama victory rally in Chicago's Grant Park. In the several moments before Obama spoke, Jackson was seen in tears.
2010s.
Jackson has commended Obama's 2012 decision to support gay marriage and has compared the fight for same-sex marriage to fight against slavery and the anti-miscegenation laws that once prevented interracial marriage . He supports federal laws extending marriage rights to gays because he feels that if this issue is left up to the states, some states will continue to deny gays equal protection and equal rights.
Awards and recognition.
"Ebony Magazine" named Jackson to its "100 most influential black Americans" list in 1971.
In 1979, Jackson received the Jefferson Award for Greatest Public Service Benefiting the Disadvantaged.
In 1989, he was awarded the Spingarn Medal from the NAACP.
In 1991, Jackson received the American Whig-Cliosophic Society's James Madison Award for Distinguished Public Service.
Clinton awarded Jackson the Presidential Medal of Freedom, the nation's highest honor bestowed on civilians in August 2000.
In 2002, scholar Molefi Kete Asante included Jackson on his list of 100 Greatest African Americans.
In 2008, Jackson was presented with an Honorary Fellowship from Edge Hill University.
In an AP-AOL "Black Voices" poll in February 2006, Jackson was voted "the most important black leader".
Jackson inherited the title of the High Prince of the Agni people of Côte d'Ivoire from Michael Jackson. In August 2009, he was crowned Prince Côte Nana by Amon N'Douffou V, King of Krindjabo, who rules more than a million Agni tribespeople.
Personal life.
Jackson married Jacqueline Lavinia Brown (born 1944) on, December 31, 1962, and they had five children: Santita (1963), Jesse, Jr. (1965), Jonathan Luther (1966), Yusef DuBois (1970), and Jacqueline Lavinia (1975).
Jackson's younger brother, Charles "Chuck" Jackson, was a singer with the vocal group The Independents, who, along with his songwriting partner and fellow producer, Marvin Yancy, was largely responsible for the career of Natalie Cole.
On Memorial Day, May 25, 1987, Jesse was made a Master Mason on Sight by Grand Master Senter of the Most Worshipful Prince Hall Grand Lodge of Illinois; thereby making him a Prince Hall Freemason.
In 2001, it was revealed Jackson had had an affair with a staffer, Karin Stanford, that resulted in the birth of a daughter, Ashley, in May 1999. According to CNN, in August 1999 The Rainbow Push Coalition had paid Stanford $15,000 in moving expenses and $21,000 in payment for contracting work. A promised advance of an additional $40,000 against future contracting work was rescinded once the affair became public. This incident prompted Jackson to withdraw from activism for a short time. Jackson was paying $4,000 a month in child support as of 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="18603594" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18603594" title="Liberal National Party">
Liberal National Party

Liberal National Party may mean:

</doc>
<doc id="18603608" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18603608" title="Imputato, alzatevi!">
Imputato, alzatevi!

Imputato, alzatevi! is a 1939 Italian comedy film directed by Mario Mattoli and starring Erminio Macario. It was shown as part of a retrospective on Italian comedy at the 67th Venice International Film Festival.

</doc>
<doc id="18603623" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18603623" title="Ruskin Museum">
Ruskin Museum

Ruskin Museum is a small local museum in Coniston, Cumbria, northern England.
It was established in 1901 by W. G. Collingwood, an artist and antiquarian who had worked as secretary to art critic John Ruskin. The museum is both a memorial to Ruskin and a local museum covering the history and heritage of Coniston Water and the Lake District.
The museum is a registered charity in England & Wales, constituted as The Coniston Institute and Ruskin Museum.
Collections.
Its collections include material on the copper and slate mines of the region, geology, lace making, farming, and writer Arthur Ransome. 
A larger collection is devoted to the life and work of John Ruskin. 
A specialist collection covers the achievements of Donald Campbell, who died while attempting a new water speed record on Coniston Water. In December 2006, his daughter Gina Campbell donated the salvaged remains of "Bluebird K7" to the Ruskin Museum on behalf of the whole Campbell family. The original boat as recovered is now the sole property of the museum, and the boat is being rebuilt for the museum under the control of The Bluebird Project led by Bill Smith. 
Redevelopment.
In the 1980s, the museum was at risk, and a project was launched to secure its long-term future. An £850,000 development scheme (funded by the Heritage Lottery Fund, European Regional Development Fund, Foundation for Sport and the Arts, the Rural Development Commission and others) was started, designed by Janvs Ltd, and the restored museum with a new extension re-opened in May 1999.

</doc>
<doc id="18603625" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18603625" title="Vassilis Angelopoulos">
Vassilis Angelopoulos

Vassilis Angelopoulos (; born February 13, 1965) is a Greek American physicist. He is a specialist on Space and Astrophysical Plasmas. He is THEMIS principal investigator at the University of California, Berkeley's Space Sciences Laboratory, in Berkeley, California.
Since July, 2007, he has been on the faculty of the Department of Earth & Space Sciences and the Institute of Geophysics and Planetary Physics at the University of California, Los Angeles (UCLA). Vassilis is currently the principal investigator of ELFIN and ELFIN-L at UCLA.

</doc>
<doc id="18603629" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18603629" title="Radovan Karadžić">
Radovan Karadžić

Radovan Karadžić (, ; born 19 June 1945) is a former Bosnian Serb politician. During the breakup of Yugoslavia, Karadžić, as President of the Republika Srpska, sought the direct unification of that entity with Serbia. He is detained in the United Nations Detention Unit of Scheveningen, accused of war crimes committed against Bosnian Muslims and Bosnian Croats during the Siege of Sarajevo, as well as ordering the Srebrenica massacre.
Educated as a psychiatrist, he co-founded the Serbian Democratic Party in Bosnia and Herzegovina and was the first President of Republika Srpska from 1992 to 1996. He was a fugitive from 1996 until July 2008 after having been indicted for war crimes by the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia (ICTY). The indictment concluded there were reasonable grounds for believing he committed war crimes, including genocide against Bosnian Muslim and Bosnian Croat civilians during the Bosnian War (1992–95). While a fugitive he worked at a private clinic in Belgrade, specialising in alternative medicine and psychology under the alias "Dr. Dragan David Dabić" () under the company name of “Human Quantum Energy”. His nephew, Dragan Karadžić, has claimed in an interview to the "Corriere della Sera" that Radovan Karadžić attended football matches of Serie A and that he visited Venice using a different alias (Petar Glumac). 
He was arrested in Belgrade on 21 July 2008 and brought before Belgrade’s War Crimes Court a few days later. Extradited to the Netherlands, he is in the custody of the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia. He is sometimes referred to by the Western media as the "Butcher of Bosnia", a sobriquet also applied to former VRS General Ratko Mladić.
Early life.
Radovan Karadžić was born as in Petnjica near Šavnik in PR Montenegro, Yugoslavia, to a family hailing from the Drobnjaci Serb clan. His father Vuko had been a member of the Chetniks—the army of the Kingdom of Yugoslavia's government-in-exile during World War II—and was imprisoned by the post-war communist regime for much of his son's childhood. Radovan Karadžić moved to Sarajevo in 1960 to study psychiatry at the Sarajevo University School of Medicine.
He studied neurotic disorders and depression at Næstved Hospital in Denmark in 1970, and during 1974 and 1975 he underwent further medical training at Columbia University in New York. After his return to Yugoslavia, he worked in the Koševo Hospital. He also became a poet and was influenced by Serbian writer Dobrica Ćosić, who encouraged him to go into politics. Karadžić flirted with Bosnia's Green Party. During his spell as an ecologist, he declared that "Bolshevism is bad, but nationalism is even worse".
Financial misdeeds.
Soon after graduation, Karadžić started working in a treatment centre at the psychiatric clinic of the main Sarajevo hospital, Koševo. According to testimony, he often supplemented his income by issuing fake medical and psychological evaluations to healthcare workers who wanted early retirement or to criminals who tried to avoid punishment by pleading insanity. In 1983, Karadžić started working at a hospital in the Belgrade suburb of Voždovac. With his partner Momčilo Krajišnik, then manager of a mining enterprise "Energoinvest", he managed to get a loan from an agricultural-development fund and they used it to build themselves houses in Pale, a Serb-populated village above Sarajevo turned into a ski resort by the Communist establishment.
On 1 November 1984 the two were arrested for fraud and spent 11 months in detention before their friend Nikola Koljević managed to bail them out. For lack of evidence, Karadžić was released and his trial was brought to a halt. The trial was revived and on 26 September 1985 Karadžić was sentenced to three years in prison for embezzlement and fraud. As he had already spent over a year in detention, Karadžić did not serve the remaining sentence in prison.
Political life.
Following encouragement from Dobrica Ćosić, later the first president of the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia, and Jovan Rašković, the Croatian Serb leader, he cofounded the Serbian Democratic Party () in Bosnia and Herzegovina in 1989. This aimed at gathering the Republic's Bosnian Serb community and joining Croatian Serbs in leading them in staying part of Yugoslavia in the event of secession by those two republics from the federation. 
Throughout September 1991, the SDS began to establish various "Serb Autonomous Regions" throughout Bosnia-Herzegovina. After the Bosnian parliament voted on sovereignty on 15 October 1991, a separate Serb Assembly was founded on 24 October 1991, in order to exclusively represent the Serbs in Bosnia and Herzegovina. The following month, Bosnian Serbs held a referendum which resulted in an overwhelming vote in favour of staying in a federal state with Serbia and Montenegro, as part of Yugoslavia. In December 1991, a top secret document entitled ‘For the organisation and activity of organs of the Serbs people in Bosnia-Herzegovina in extraordinary circumstances’ was drawn up by the SDS leadership. This was a centralised programme for the takeover of each municipality in the country, through the creation of shadow governments and para-governmental structures through various "crisis headquarters", and by preparing loyal Serbs for the takeover in co-ordination with the Yugoslav People's Army (JNA). 
On 9 January 1992, the Bosnian Serb Assembly proclaimed the Republic of the Serb people of Bosnia and Herzegovina (Република српског народа Босне и Херцеговине/Republika srpskog naroda Bosne i Hercegovine). On 28 February 1992, the constitution of the Serb Republic of Bosnia and Herzegovina was adopted and declared that the state's territory included Serb autonomous regions, municipalities, and other Serbian ethnic entities in Bosnia and Herzegovina, as well as "all regions in which the Serbian people represent a minority due to the Second World War genocide", although how this was established was never specified, and it was declared to be a part of the federal Yugoslav state. 
On 29 February and 1 March 1992 a referendum on the independence of Bosnia and Herzegovina from Yugoslavia was held. Many Serbs boycotted the referendum while Bosniaks and Croats and pro-secession Serbs turned out, and 64% of eligible voters voted 98% in favor of independence.
President of Republika Srpska.
On 6 April 1992, Bosnia was recognized by the United Nations as an independent state. , renamed Republika Srpska a few months later. Karadžić was voted President of this Bosnian Serb administration in Pale on about 13 May 1992 after the breakup of the Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia. At the time he assumed this position, his "de jure" powers, as described in the constitution of the Bosnian Serb administration, included commanding the army of the Bosnian Serb administration in times of war and peace, and having the authority to appoint, promote and discharge officers of the army. Karadžić made three trips to the UN in New York in February and March 1993 for negotiations on the future of Bosnia. 
He went to Moscow in 1994 for meetings with Russian officials on the Bosnian situation. In 1994, the Greek Orthodox Church declared Karadžić as "one of the most prominent sons of our Lord Jesus Christ working for peace" and decorated him with the nine-hundred-year-old Knights' Order of the First Rank of Saint Dionysius of Xanthe. Ecumenical Patriarch Bartholomew announced that "the Serbian people have been chosen by God to protect the western frontiers of Orthodoxy".
On Friday, 4 August 1995, with a massive Croatian military force poised to attack the Serb-held Krajina region in central Croatia, Karadžić announced he was removing General Ratko Mladić from his commandant post and assuming personal command of the VRS himself. Karadžić blamed Mladić for the loss of two key Serb towns in western Bosnia that had recently fallen to the Croats, and he used the loss of the towns as the excuse to announce his surprise command structure changes. General Mladić was demoted to an "adviser". Mladić refused to go quietly, claiming the support of the Bosnian Serb military and the people. Karadžić countered by attempting to pull political rank as well as denouncing Mladić as a "madman", but Mladić's popular support forced Karadžić to rescind his order on 11 August.
War crimes charges.
Karadžić is accused by the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia (ICTY) of personal and command responsibility for numerous war crimes committed against non-Serbs, in his roles as Supreme Commander of the Bosnian Serb armed forces and President of the National Security Council of the Republika Srpska. He is accused by the same authority of being responsible for the deaths of more than 7,500 Muslims. Under his direction and command, Bosnian Serb forces initiated the Siege of Sarajevo. He is accused by the ICTY of ordering the Srebrenica genocide in 1995, directing Bosnian Serb forces to "create an unbearable situation of total insecurity with no hope of further survival of life" in the UN safe area. In addition, he is accused by the ICTY of ordering that United Nations personnel be taken hostage in May–June 1995.
He was jointly indicted by the International Tribunal for the Former Yugoslavia in 1995, along with General Ratko Mladić. The indictment charges Karadžić on the basis of his individual criminal responsibility (Article 7(1) of the Statute) and superior criminal responsibility (Article 7(3) of the Statute) with:
The United States government offered a $5 million reward for his and Ratko Mladić's arrests.
Ongoing Bosnian Genocide Trial.
Currently, former Bosnian Serb leader Radovan Karadžić and Ratko Mladić are both on trial on two counts of genocide and other war crimes committed in Srebrenica, Prijedor, Ključ, and other districts of Bosnia. Karadžić and Mladić are charged, separately, with:
The Yugoslav war crimes court rejected on 27 June 2012 one of the two genocide charges against Karadžić. However, on 11 July 2013 the Appeals Chamber reinstated these charges.
Fugitive.
Authorities missed arresting Karadžić in 1995, when he was an invitee of the United Nations. During his visit to the United Nations in 1993, he was handed a service of process for a civil claim under the Alien Tort Act. The Courts ruled that Karadžić was properly served and the trial was allowed to proceed in United States District Court.
Some sources allege that he received protection from the United States as a consequence of the Dayton Agreement. Holbrooke, however, repeatedly denied that such a deal was ever made.
His supporters say he is no more guilty than any other war-time political leader. His ability to evade capture for over a decade increased his esteem amongst some Bosnian Serbs, despite an alleged deal with Richard Holbrooke. During his time as fugitive he was helped by several people, including former CIA operative Bosko Radonjich and in 2001, hundreds of supporters demonstrated in support of Karadžić in his home town. In March 2003, his mother Jovanka publicly urged him to surrender. British officials conceded military action was unlikely to be successful in bringing Karadžić and other suspects to trial, and that putting political pressure on Balkan governments would be more likely to succeed.
In May 2004, the UN learned that: "the brother of a war crimes suspect allegedly in the process of providing information on Radovan Karadzic and his network to the ICTY, was mistakenly killed in a raid by the Republika Srpska police" and added that "It is being argued that the informer was targeted in order to silence him before he was able to say more".
In 2005, Bosnian Serb leaders called on Karadžić to surrender, stating that Bosnia and Serbia could not move ahead economically or politically while he remained at large. After a failed raid earlier in May, on 7 July 2005 NATO troops arrested Karadžić's son, Aleksandar (Saša) Karadžić, but released him after 10 days. On 28 July, Karadžić's wife, Ljiljana Zelen Karadžić, made a call for him to surrender after, in her words, "enormous pressure".
The BBC reported that Radovan Karadžić had been sighted in 2005 near Foča: "38 km (24 miles) down the road, on the edge of the Sutjeska national park, Radovan Karadžić has just got out of a red Mercedes" and asserted that "Western intelligence agencies knew roughly where they were, but that there was no political will in London or Washington to risk the lives of British, or U.S. agents, in a bid to seize" him and Mladić.
On 10 January 2008, the BBC reported that the passports of his closest relatives had been seized. On 21 February 2008, at the time Kosovo declared independence, portraits of Radovan Karadžić were on display during Belgrade’s "Kosovo is Serbia protest".
At some point, Karadžić started masquerading as an expert in "human quantum energy" using the fake name "D.D. David" printed on his business card. The initials apparently stood for Dragan David Dabić, the name officials said he went by. Karadžić gave lectures in front of hundreds of people on alternative medicine. He even had his own website, where he offered his assistance in the treatment of sexual problems and disorders by using what he called Human Quantum Energy. He also used the site for the sale of metallic, bullet-shaped amulets. He advertised himself as one of the most prominent experts in the field of alternative medicine, bioenergy, and macrobiotic diet.
Allegedly evading capture in Austria.
There have been reports that Radovan Karadžić evaded capture in May 2007 in Vienna, Austria, where he lived under the name Petar Glumac, posing as a Croatian seller of herbal solutions and ointments. Austrian police talked to him during the raid regarding an unrelated homicide case in the area where Karadžić lived but failed to recognize his real identity. He had a Croatian passport under the name Petar Glumac and claimed to be in Vienna for training. The police did not ask any further questions nor demanded to fingerprint him as he appeared calm and readily answered questions. Nevertheless, this claim has come into doubt ever since a man named Petar Glumac, an alternative medical practitioner from Novo Selo, Serbia, claims to have been the person the police talked with in Vienna. Glumac bears a striking resemblance to Karadžić's identity as Dragan Dabić. On the other hand his nephew, Dragan Karadžić, has claimed in an interview to the "Corriere della Sera" that Radovan Karadžić attended football matches of Serie A and that he visited Venice under the false identity of Petar Glumac.
Arrest and trial.
The arrest of Radovan Karadžić took place on 21 July 2008 in Belgrade. He was in hiding, posing as a doctor of alternative medicine mostly in Belgrade but also in Vienna, Austria. The reward money for his arrest was allegedly never claimed; however, it is rumored that Karadžić was arrested by locals who came to find out his identity and simply claimed the cash. This would explain how the Serbian government claims that its police (MUP) had nothing to do with the arrest. Karadžić was transferred into ICTY custody in the Hague on 30 July. Karadžić appeared before Judge Alphons Orie on 31 July, in the tribunal, which has sentenced 64 accused since 1993. During the first hearing Radovan Karadžić expressed a fear for his life by saying: "If Holbrooke wants my death and regrets there is no death sentence at this court, I want to know if his arm is long enough to reach me here." and stated that the deal he made with Richard Holbrooke is the reason why it took 13 years for him to appear in front of the ICTY. He also made similar accusations against the former U.S. Secretary of State Madeleine Albright. Muhamed Sacirbey, Bosnian foreign minister at the time, claimed that a Karadžić-Holbrooke deal was made in July 1996.
In August 2008 Karadžić claimed there is a conspiracy against him and refused to enter a plea, therefore the court entered a plea of not guilty on his behalf to all 11 charges. He called the tribunal, chaired by Scottish judge Iain Bonomy, a "court of NATO" disguised as a court of the international community. On 13 October 2009, the BBC reported that Karadžić's plea to be granted immunity from his charges was denied. However, the start of his trial was moved to 26 October so he could prepare a defense.
On Monday 26 October 2009 Karadžić's trial was suspended after 15 minutes after he carried out his threat to boycott the start of the hearing. Judge O-Gon Kwon said that in the absence of Karadžić, who was defending himself, or any lawyer representing him, he was suspending the case for 24 hours, when the prosecution would begin its opening statement. On 5 November 2009, the court forcibly imposed a lawyer on him, and postponed his trial until 1 March 2010.
On 26 November 2009, Karadžić filed a motion challenging the legal validity and legitimacy of the tribunal, claiming that "the UN Security Council lacked the power to establish the ICTY, violated agreements under international law in so doing, and delegated non-existent legislative powers to the ICTY", to which the Prosecution response was that "The Appeals Chamber has already determined the validity of the Tribunal’s creation in previous decisions which constitute established precedent on this issue", therefore dismissing the Motion.
Poetry.
Radovan Karadžić has published poetry. Several of his books of poems were published while he was in hiding.
Quotations.
"There is no doubt that the United States and Germany had their own interests in igniting wars in Croatia, Slovenia and Bosnia"
"You want to take Bosnia and Herzegovina down the same highway to hell and suffering that Slovenia and Croatia are travelling. Do not think that you will not lead Bosnia and Herzegovina into hell, and do not think that you will not perhaps lead the Muslim people into annihilation, because the Muslims cannot defend themselves if there is war – How will you prevent everyone from being killed in Bosnia and Herzegovina?"
Today, from the perspective of the Serbian nation, it is only acceptable to be independent, that we may not be dominated, that the numerical superiority of another nation doesn't influence us, that our fate will not be determined by the percentage of Muslims in Bosnia. That is our right!
The Serbs have only two friends: God, and the Greeks.
Sarajevans will not be counting the dead. They will be counting the living.
External links.
"Poetry"

</doc>
<doc id="18603631" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18603631" title="Australian National University Library">
Australian National University Library

The Australian National University Library is part of the Division of Information of the Australian National University, one of the world's major research universities.
Mission.
“To achieve excellence in the provision and promotion of information services to meet the research, teaching and learning needs of the University”. [http://about.anu.edu.au/strategy-reviews/administration/library-_and_-scholarly-information-services]
History.
The Australian National University (ANU) Library has its foundations in the appointment of the first University Librarian, Arthur Leopold Gladstone McDonald (1898-1981) in early 1948The importance of the establishment of the ANU Library in the development of the University was such that McDonald was appointed by the Interim Council before any of the professors[http://www.payer.de/hbiweltweit/weltw309.html.
Initially McDonald and several assistants were housed in Ormond College at the University of Melbournewhere they began to form the collection. At the end of 1950 the collection, which had grown to approximately 40, 000 volumes, was transferred to Canberra, to be located in the Canberra Community Hospital and nearby huts[http://www.payer.de/hbiweltweit/weltw309.html. Over the course of the 1950s the collection grew steadily, and by the time of McDonalds retirement 1960 the collection had grown to 150, 000 volumes (excluding pamphlets) [http://www.payer.de/hbiweltweit/weltw309.html].
Libraries.
The ANU Library collection is housed in 4 main locations - the R.G. Menzies Building (Asia Pacific material), the J.B. Chifley Building (Social Sciences & Humanities material), the W.K. Hancock Building (Science material) and the Law Library in the Law School Building. Additional services are provided by 5 science branch libraries.
Art and Music Library.
The Art and Music Library, located in the School of Art, services both the School of Art and School of Music. It is the principal fine arts library at the ANU, and holds material on visual arts in many formats including: books, exhibition catalogues, videos, CD Roms, DVDs, slides (more than 70,000 35mm slides), journals and magazines. The ANU’s music collections are also held in this library; material is held in many formats, including: performance scores, CDs, LPs, books, collected works, journals and electronic databases.
Chemistry Branch Library.
The Chemistry Branch Library, Arthur Birch Building, Building 35, Research School of Chemistry, holds over 400 current serials and over 22,000 monographs relating to Organic, inorganic, physical and theoretical chemistry with strengths in theoretical organic chemistry, coordination chemistry, solid state chemistry, chemical physics, and surface and colloid chemistry.
Earth Sciences Branch Library.
The Earth Sciences Branch Library, Jaeger Building, Building 61, Research School of Earth Sciences, holds over 500 current serials and over 26,000 monographs relating to geochemistry, geophysics, lunar and planetary studies.
Eccles Medical Sciences Library.
Located at the John Curtin School of Medical Research, the Eccles Medical Sciences Library contains material relating to biomedical sciences, especially biochemistry, immunology, microbiology, pharmacology, physiology and virology, with strengths in medical molecular biology, cellular biology, molecular immunology, molecular genetics, developmental neurobiology and visual neurosciences, ageing, visual cognition, neuropsychology of language and perceptual development.
J. B. Chifley Building.
Located South of the Union and Concession Buildings J. B. Chifley Building, Building 15, contains the main ANU social sciences and humanities collections relating to Australia, Europe and the Americas, as well as the Reserve Area for the social sciences and humanities. Principal subject areas covered include: Economics, Education, Fine Art, History, Languages, Linguistics, Literature, Philosophy, Political Science, Religion, Sociology, Women's Studies and Official Documents.
Law Library.
The Law Library, located in the Law School, Fellows Road, Building 5, is the main location of the law collection on campus. The law collection houses statutes and case law from every Australian jurisdiction and several commonwealth countries. Special emphasis has been given to public and international law in the collection.
R. G. Menzies Building.
The collections in the R. G. Menzies Building support Asia Pacific Studies, in particular in the fields of history, anthropology, political science, literature and non-Judeo/Christian religions. General social science subjects held in Menzies are: anthropology, international relations, military and naval science, and library science. Material unique to the building includes:
Rare Books / Special Collections.
ANU rare books and special collections are housed in a closed access collection held in the Rare Book Room in the R. G. Menzies Building. Notable special collections include:
W. K. Hancock Building.
The W. K. Hancock Building, located on Biology Road, in Buildings 43 and 122, houses the principal ANU science collections, in over 900 current serials and over 200,000 monographs. The main subject areas covered include: General science, history and philosophy of science, science policy; the mathematical and computing sciences; psychology; biological sciences; environmental science; forestry; geography; geology; and engineering and technology.
Caldwell Library.
The Caldwell Library holds a small collection of approximately 1,700 demographic publications. It is located in the Coombs Building, and originated as the reading room for the ANU's demography program.
ANU Archives.
The ANU Archives preserves the university's own archives and collects archives of business, trade unions, professional associations and industry bodies, to support research by the University community and the general public. 
It collects in two areas, the University Archives and the Noel Butlin Archives Centre.
University Archives.
The University Archives hold a range of material dating from the late 1920s relating to the history of The Australian National University. This material is available under a 30-year rule (progressing to a 20-year rule by 2021) which means that records up to the mid-1980s can be generally used for research. The collection includes minutes of the ANU Council and other University committees, correspondence files, photographs, plans, and publications such as annual reports and the ANU Reporter. The papers of academic and senior staff of the University and University organisations are also part of the University Archives. The acquisition of material is governed by a collecting policy.
Noel Butlin Archives Centre.
The Noel Butlin Archives Centre (NBAC) collects business and labour records from Australian companies, trade unions, industry bodies and professional organisations. We are a national organisation interested in material from all states and territories. The NBAC holds the records of large companies such as the Australian Agricultural Company, Burns Philip, CSR Ltd, Dalgety's,Tooth and Company and the Adelaide Steamship Company as well as those of smaller businesses such as pastoral stations. We hold records of federally registered trade unions and their predecessors, and of peak councils such as the Australian Council of Trade Unions (ACTU) and the National Farmers Federation. The records date from the 1820s to the early 21st century and include files, photographs, minutes of meetings, some staff and membership records, maps and plans, and publications such as trade journals and union newsletters. Some material may be closed because it is very recent or the owners' permission may be required before it can be used.
The collection supports research on topics such as industrial relations, immigration, working women, indigenous employment, architecture, economic history, family history, social history in Australia and the Pacific, and on particular industries such as agriculture, timber, shipping, mining, brewing, advertising and finance. In addition, the Archives contain the National AIDS Archive Collection, which documents the history of HIV/AIDS education and prevention throughout Australia.
The Noel Butlin Archives collection is divided into the following categories:
Companies, 
Organisations including trade unions and professional associations, 
Personal Papers, 
National AIDS Archive Collection, 
Maps, 
Photographs.
The acquisition of material is governed by a collecting policy.
The site, and the collection, received considerable public attention after it was featured by the Australian Broadcasting Corporation's station, ABC Local Radio 666AM, in early January 2014, including an online story.

</doc>
<doc id="18603641" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18603641" title="List of waterfalls of Serbia">
List of waterfalls of Serbia

Despite some of them are turned into the touristic attractions, waterfalls in Serbia are generally not well known mostly because they are not particularly high. Actually, until late 1990s, the highest waterfalls in Serbia are believed to be 25 to 30 meters. Since then, several waterfalls were discovered in the previously geologically unexplored areas of the south-eastern Serbia (namely, the Visok region), including some of the highest ones, changing the geography of Serbia.
Jelovarnik.
Jelovarnik waterfall (Јеловарник); with the reported combined height of 71 or 80 meters in three cascades, it is the highest waterfall in Serbia. It is located in the Natural Park Kopaonik, on the Kopaonik mountain.
Pilj.
Piljski waterfall or Pilj ("Пиљски водопад"); with the reported heights of 65,5 or 64 meters, is the second highest waterfall in Serbia, discovered in 2002 in the Visok region.
Čungulj.
Čunguljski waterfall or Čungulj ("Чунгуљски водопад"); discovered in 1996 and 43 meters high. It is located in the region of Visok, near the Čungulj peak of the Stara Planina, in the vicinity of the higher Piljski and shorter Kurtuljski waterfalls. It is also known as "Čunguljski skok" (Čungulj jump) 
Kurtulj.
Kurtuljski waterfall or Kurtulj ("Куртуљски водопад"); located in the Visok region, near the Kurtulj peak of the Stara Planina. Close to the higher Čungulj and Pilj waterfalls. It is 27 meters high and also known as "Kurtuljski skok" (Kurtulj jump).
Lisine (Veliki Buk).
Lisine or Veliki Buk waterfall ("Лисине" or "Велики Бук"); located on the Resava River in the east Serbia. It is carved in the karst area, where the sinking river of the Resava springs again from the ground in the canyon-type valley of Sklop. With the height of 25 meters, it was considered the highest waterfall in Serbia until 1990s when three higher ones were discovered in the Visok region.
Radavac.
Radavac waterfall ("Радавац"); located right after the strong spring of the White Drin which here resurfaces after flowing underground for a while. The spring and the 25 meters high waterfall were protected by the state in 1982.
Miruša.
Miruša waterfalls ("Мируша", Albanian: "Mirusha"); located on the Miruša river, a tributary to the White Drin, in the Metohija region of Kosovo. The river carved a 10 kilometers long canyon and created 13 river lakes with waterfalls between them, earning the name "Plitvice of Metohija". The highest waterfall, between the sixth and seventh lake, is 22 meters high.
It is next to the hamlet Bublje and town of Mališevo. It is in the Režin Dol valley. Near the hamlet of Kijevski Potok.
Sopotnica.
Sopotnica waterfalls ("Сопотница"); located in the south-western Serbia, near the town of Prijepolje, on the Sopotnica river. Combined height of several cascades is over 20 meters. Its names is derived from an old Slavic word "sopot", meaning the source
Skakalo.
Skakalo waterfall ("Скакало"); located on the Manastirica river, near the mountain resort of Divčibare on the Mount Maljen, in the west Serbia. It is 20 meters high. The name means "jumping one" in Serbian.
Izubra.
Izubra waterfalls ("Изубра"); located on the Izubra river, a tributary to the Studenica river, in the south-western Serbia. Three cataracts have a total height of 20 meters. The river was named after "zubr", name used for wisent in medieval Serbia.
Ripaljka.
Ripaljka waterfall ("Рипаљка"); located in the central-eastern Serbia, on the Gradašnica river, near the town of Soko Banja. It is 17,5 meters high.
Veliki Skakavac.
Veliki Skakavac waterfall ("Велики Скакавац"); located in the western Serbia, on the Beli Rzav river, on the Tara mountain. It is 15 meters high, and should not be confused with two much higher Skakavac waterfalls in Bosnia and Herzegovina. Its name also means the "jumping one" which is also used as a Serbian name for a grasshopper.
Tupavica.
Tupavica waterfall ("Тупавица"); a 15 meters high waterfall in the Visok region, near the village of Dojkince.
Perućac.
Perućac waterfall ("Перућац"); located on the Vrelo river, short (365 meters) but powerful spring in the western Serbia, near the town of Bajina Bašta. It falls for 8 meters into the Drina river and it has been turned into a touristic attraction with a lookout and a restaurant above it.

</doc>
<doc id="18603651" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18603651" title="2008 Twenty20 Cup Finals Day">
2008 Twenty20 Cup Finals Day

The Finals Day of the 2008 Twenty20 Cup comprised the semi-finals and final of the 2008 Twenty20 Cup. The matches were held on Saturday 26 July 2008 at the Rose Bowl in Southampton.
Middlesex and Kent qualified for the final at the expense of Durham and Essex respectively. Middlesex eventually emerged as champions by 3 runs, posting a score 187/6 and Kent could only make 184/5 in their 20 overs.
Semi-finals.
1st Semi-Final.
Kent Spitfires v Essex Eagles.
Kent progressed to the final after a 14-run victory in the first semi-final at the Rose Bowl. Having won the toss and electing to bat, openers Joe Denly and captain Robert Key compiled the opening fifty in just five overs. Key was first to fall, clean bowled to Danish Kaneria with the score on 58. Yasir Arafat was next in, and lasted 9 balls and 10 runs before falling to the same bowler. Denly top scored with 36, but he was the third man down, neatly stumped by James Foster. Most of the middle order chipped in with good runs, Martin van Jaarsveld with sixteen, Darren Stevens with 29 and Azhar Mahmood with 24. A late flourish from 2007 Finals Day hat-trick hero Ryan McLaren who faced just three balls for his unbeaten ten, as the Spitfires managed to compile a target of 174.
Essex's opening stand of Ravinder Bopara, who was top bowler in the Kent innings (3-36 off 4 overs) and Mark Pettini started very well, putting on 78 for the first wicket before Bopara was caught off the bowling of James Tredwell. The dangerous Graham Napier followed almost straight away, and the steady rate of wickets to fall continued to the end of the innings. Pettini was the top scorer, hitting a 47-ball 54 but with a lack of support, the Eagles were always going to fall short. Three run outs didn't help either as the Eagles' chance at the Stanford Super Series ended.
Second semi-final.
Middlesex Crusaders v Durham Dynamos.
Middlesex put paid to the Dynamos' challenge with a convincing eight wicket win in the afternoon semi-final. Dale Benkenstein had won the toss and followed the earlier game in putting his own team in to bat first. Losing Michael Di Venuto for a third-ball duck didn't seem to help matters. It was then left to Paul Collingwood, Shivnarine Chanderpaul and Will Smith to hit the runs. However as the innings wore on, the conditions began to favour the slower bowlers. This was reflected in the bowling of Shaun Udal and Murali Kartik. In the eight overs that they bowled, only 36 runs were conceded. The Dynamos were thus limited to just 138 off their twenty overs, Chanderpaul top scoring with 48.
The Crusaders got off to a steady start with openers Billy Godleman and Ed Joyce, as they began to eke into the target. They had almost reached halfway by the time the first wicket fell. It was almost like London buses in that Middlesex went from 65 without loss, to 65 for 2 with the loss of Godleman for 20 and Joyce for 41. But no more wickets were to fall as an unbeaten partnership of 76 between Owais Shah and Tyron Henderson allowed the Crusaders to advance. Henderson kept much of the strike, hitting a quite superb unbeaten 59 off only 21 balls, including 7 sixes, of which 3 came in the one over. This earned him man of the match, and earned the Crusaders a spot in the Twenty20 Champions League.

</doc>
<doc id="18603655" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18603655" title="Rosemond">
Rosemond

People with the surname Rosemond:

</doc>
<doc id="18603666" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18603666" title="Vittorio Metz">
Vittorio Metz

Vittorio Metz (18 July 1904 – 1 March 1984) was an Italian screenwriter and film director. He wrote for 113 films between 1939 and 1977.
He was born and died in Rome, Italy.

</doc>
<doc id="18603673" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18603673" title="Linkou Plateau">
Linkou Plateau

Linkou Plateau () is located along the southwest side of Tamsui River in New Taipei City of northern Taiwan. It faces the Taipei Basin on the east, Taoyuan Plateau on the southwest, Taiwan Strait on the west, and the Tatun Volcanoes on the northeast. The Xinzhuang Fault (新莊斷層) and Shanjiao Fault (山腳斷層) are passed between the plateau and Taipei Basin.

</doc>
<doc id="18603678" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18603678" title="Yanomami">
Yanomami

The Yanomami, also spelled Yąnomamö or Yanomama, are a group of approximately 35,000 indigenous people who live in some 200–250 villages in the Amazon rainforest on the border between Venezuela and Brazil. 
Organization.
The Yanomami do not recognize themselves as a united group, rather individuals associate with their politically autonomous village. Yanomami communities are grouped together because they have a similar cultural and linguistic background. Marriage, kinship, and militaristic coalitions interweave communities together. The Yanomami have common historical ties to Carib speakers who resided near the Orinoco river and moved to the highlands of Brazil and Venezuela, the location the Yanomami currently occupy.
Mature men hold most political religious authority. A headman acts as the leader of each village, but no one leader presides over the whole of those classified as Yanomami. Headmen gain political power by demonstrating skill in settling disputes both within the village and with neighboring communities. A consensus of mature males is usually required for action that involves the community, but individuals are not required to take part.
Domestic life, clothing and diet.
The Yanomami live in villages usually consisting of their children and extended families. Village sizes vary, but usually contain between 50 and 400 native people. In this largely communal system, the entire village lives under a common roof called the "shabono". "Shabonos" have a characteristic oval shape, with open grounds in the center measuring an average of . The "shabono" shelter constitutes the perimeter of the village, if it has not been fortified with palisades.
Under the roof, divisions exist marked only by support posts, partitioning individual houses and spaces. "Shabonos" are built from raw materials from the surrounding jungles, such as leaves, vines, plums and tree trunks. They are susceptible to heavy damage from rains, winds, and insect infestation. As a result, new "shabonos" are constructed every 4 to 6 years.
The Yanomami can be classified as foraging horticulturalists, depending heavily on rainforest resources; they use slash-and-burn horticulture, grow bananas, gather fruit, and hunt animals and fish. Yanomami frequently move to avoid areas that become overused, a practice known as shifting cultivation when the soil becomes exhausted.
Children stay close to their mothers when young; most of the childrearing is done by women. The Yanomami are among the few societies in the world to practice true polygamy, though many unions are monogamous. Polygamous families consist of a large patrifocal family unit based on one man, and smaller matrifocal subfamilies: each woman's family unit, composed of the woman and her children. Life in the village is centered around the small, matrilocal family unit, whereas the larger patrilocal unit has more political importance beyond the village.
The Yanomami are known as hunters, fishers, and horticulturists. The women cultivate plantains and cassava in gardens as their main crops. Men do the heavy work of clearing areas of forest for the gardens. Another food source for the Yanomami is grubs. Often the Yanomami will cut down palms in order to facilitate the growth of grubs. The traditional Yanomami diet is very low in edible salt. Their blood pressure is characteristically among the lowest of any demographic group. For this reason, the Yanomami have been the subject of studies seeking to link hypertension to sodium consumption.
Rituals are a very important part of Yanomami culture. The Yanomami celebrate a good harvest with a big feast to which nearby villages are invited. The Yanomami village members gather large amounts of food, which helps to maintain good relations with their neighbours. They also decorate their bodies with feathers and flowers. During the feast, the Yanomami eat a lot, and the women dance and sing late into the night.
Hallucinogenic drugs, known as "yekuana", are used by Yanomami shamans as part of healing rituals for members of community who are ill. Women do not engage in this practice, known as "shapuri". The Yanomami people practice ritual endocannibalism, in which they consume the bones of deceased kinsmen. The body is wrapped in leaves and placed in the forest some distance from the "shabono", then after insects have consumed the soft tissue (usually about 30 to 45 days), the bones are collected and cremated. The ashes are then mixed with a kind of soup made from bananas which is consumed by the entire community. The ashes may be preserved in a gourd and the ritual repeated annually until the ashes are gone. In daily conversation, no reference may be made to a dead person except on the annual "day of remembrance", when the ashes of the dead are consumed and people recall the lives of their deceased relatives. This tradition is meant to strengthen the Yanomami people and keep the spirit of that individual alive.
The women are responsible for many domestic duties and chores, excluding hunting and killing game for food. Although the women do not hunt, they do work in the gardens and gather fruits, tubers, nuts and other wild foodstuffs. The garden plots are sectioned off by family, and grow bananas, plantains, sugarcane, mangoes, sweet potatoes, papayas, manioc, corn, and other crops. Yanomami women cultivate until the gardens are no longer fertile, and then move their plots. Women are expected to carry of crops on their backs during harvesting, using bark straps and woven baskets.
In the mornings, while the men are off hunting, the women and young children go off in search of termite nests and other grubs, which will later be roasted at the family hearths. The women also pursue frogs, land crabs, or caterpillars, or even look for vines that can be woven into baskets. While some women gather these small sources of food, other women go off and fish for several hours during the day. The women also prepare manioc, shredding the roots and expressing the toxic juice, then roasting the flour to make flat cakes, which they cook over a small pile of coals.
Yanomami women are expected to take responsibility for the children, who are expected to help their mothers with domestic chores from a very young age, and mothers rely very much on help from their daughters. Boys typically become the responsibility of the male members of the community after about age 8.
Using small strings of bark and roots, Yanomami women weave and decorate baskets. They use these baskets to carry plants, crops, and food to bring back to the "shabono". They use a red berry known as "onoto" or "urucu" to dye the baskets, as well as to paint their bodies and dye their loin cloths. After the baskets are painted, they are further decorated with masticated charcoal pigment.
Female puberty and menstruation.
The start of menstruation symbolizes the beginning of womanhood. Girls typically get their periods between the ages of 10 and 12, and as soon as the period begins, girls are married off. Due to the belief that menstrual blood is poisonous and dangerous, girls are kept hidden away in a small tent-like structure constructed of a screen of leaves. A deep hole is built in the structure over which girls squat, to "rid themselves" of their blood. These structures are regarded as isolation screens.
The mother is notified immediately, and she, along with the elder female friends of the girl, are responsible for disposing of her old cotton garments and must replace them with new ones symbolizing her womanhood and availability for betrothal. During the week of that first menstrual period the girl is fed with a stick, for she is forbidden from touching the food in any way. While on confinement she has to whisper when speaking and she may only speak to close kin, such as siblings or parents, but never a male.
Up until the time of menstruation, girls are treated as children, and are only responsible for assisting their mothers in household work. When they approach the age of menstruation, they are sought out by men as potential wives. Puberty is not seen as a significant time period with male Yanomami children, but it is considered very important for females. After menstruating for the first time, the girls are expected to leave childhood and enter adulthood, and take on the responsibilities of a grown Yanomami woman. After a young girl gets her period, she is forbidden from showing her genitalia and must keep herself covered with a loincloth.
The menstrual cycle of Yanomami women does not occur frequently due to constant nursing or child birthing, and is treated as a very significant occurrence only at this time.
Language.
The Yanomam language family comprises four main languages (or major dialects): Yanam, Sanumá, Yanomámi and Yanomamö. Many local variations and dialects also exist, such that people from different villages cannot always understand each other. Many linguists consider the Yanomaman family to be a language isolate, unrelated to other South American indigenous languages. The origins of the language are obscure.
Violence.
In early anthropological studies the Yanomami culture was described as being permeated with violence. The Yanomami people have a history of acting violently not only towards other tribes, but towards one another.
An influential ethnography by anthropologist Napoleon Chagnon described the Yanomami as living in "a state of chronic warfare". Chagnon's account and similar descriptions of the Yanomami as aggressive and warlike sparked controversy in anthropology and an enormous interest in the Yanomami. The debate centered around the degree of violence in Yanomami society, the question of whether violence and warfare could be seen as an inherent part of Yanomami culture, or whether it was better explained as a response to specific historical situations. Writing in 1985 anthropologist Jacques Lizot, who had lived among the Yanomami for more than twenty years, stated: 
Anthropologists working in the ecologist tradition such as Marvin Harris, argued that a culture of violence had evolved among the Yanomami through competition resulting from a lack of nutritional resources in their territory. However the 1995 study, "Yanomami Warfare" by R. Brian Ferguson, examined all documented cases of warfare among the Yanomami and concluded that: Ferguson stresses the idea that contrary to Chagnon's description of the Yanomami as unaffected by Western culture, the Yanomami experienced the effects of colonization long before their territory became accessible to Westerners in the 1950s, and that they had acquired many influences and materials from Western culture through trade networks, much earlier.
Violence is one of the leading causes of Yanomami death. Up to half of all of Yanomami males die violent deaths in the constant conflict between neighboring communities over local resources. Often these confrontations lead to the Yanomami leaving their villages in search of new ones. Women are often victims of physical abuse and anger. Inter-village warfare is common, but does not too commonly affect women. When Yanomami tribes fight and raid nearby tribes, women are often raped, beaten, and brought back to the "shabono" to be adopted into the captor's community. Wives may be beaten frequently, so as to keep them docile and faithful to their husbands. Sexual jealousy causes much of the violence. Women are beaten with clubs, sticks, machetes, and other blunt or sharp objects. Burning with a branding stick occurs often, and symbolizes a male’s strength or dominance over his wife.
Yanomami men have been known to kill children while raiding enemy villages. Helena Valero, a Brazilian woman kidnapped by Yanomami warriors in the 1930s, witnessed a Karawetari raid on her tribe:
Controversies.
In the mid-1970s, "garimpeiros" (small independent gold-diggers) started to enter the Yanomami country. Where these "garimpeiros" settled, they killed members of the Yanomami tribe in conflict over land. In addition, mining techniques by the "garimpeiros" led to environmental degradation. Despite the existence of FUNAI, the federal agency representing the rights and interests of indigenous populations, the Yanomami have received little protection from the government against these intrusive forces. In some cases the government can be cited as supporting the infiltration of mining companies into Yanomami lands. In 1978, the militarized government, under pressure from anthropologists and the international community, enacted a plan that demarcated land for the Yanomami. These reserves, however, were small "island" tracts of land lacking consideration for Yanomami lifestyle, trading networks, and trails, with boundaries that were determined solely by the concentration of mineral deposits. In 1990, more than 40,000 "garimpeiros" had entered the Yanomami land. In 1992, the government of Brazil led by Fernando Collor de Mello demarcated an indigenous Yanomami area on the recommendations of Brazilian anthropologists and Survival International, a campaign that started in the early 1970s. Non-Yanomami people continue to enter the land. The Brazilian and Venezuelan governments do not have adequate enforcement programs to prevent the entry of outsiders into this land.
Ethical controversy has arisen about Yanomami blood taken for study by scientists such as Napoleon Chagnon and his associate James Neel. Although Yanomami religious tradition prohibits the keeping of any bodily matter after the death of that person, the donors were not warned that blood samples would be kept indefinitely for experimentation. Several prominent Yanomami delegations have sent letters to the scientists who are studying them, demanding the return of their blood samples. These samples are currently being taken out of storage for shipping to the Amazon as soon as the scientists can figure out whom to deliver them to and how to prevent any potential health risks for doing so.
Members of the American Anthropological Association debated the dispute that has divided their discipline, voting 846 to 338 to rescind a 2002 report on allegations of misconduct by scholars' studying the Yanomami people. The dispute has raged since Patrick Tierney published "Darkness in El Dorado" in 2000. The book charged that anthropologists had repeatedly caused harm—and in some cases, death—to members of the Yanomami people whom they had studied in the 1960s. In 2010 Brazilian director José Padilha revisited the "Darkness in El Dorado" controversy in his documentary "Secrets of the Tribe".
Population decimation.
During a three year span from 1987 to 1990, the Yanomami population was severely decimated from malaria, mercury poisoning, malnourishment, and violence due to an influx of garimpeiros searching for gold in their territory. Without the protection of the government, Yanomami populations declined when miners were allowed to enter the Yanomami territory frequently throughout this time span. In 1987, FUNAI President Romero Jucá denied that the sharp increase in Yanomami deaths were due to garimpeiros invasions, and then-Brazilian President Sarney also supported the economic venture of the garimpeiros over the land rights of the Yanomami. Anthropologists working closely with the Yanomami such as Alcida Ramos cite this three year period as a genocide allowed by the Brazilian government. 
The Haximu Massacre (or Yanomami Massacre) was an armed conflict in 1993, just outside Haximu, Brazil, close to the border with Venezuela. A group of "garimpeiros" (gold miners) killed approximately 16 Yanomami. In turn, Yanomami warriors killed at least two "garimpeiros" and wounded two more.
In July 2012 the government of Venezuela investigated another alleged massacre. According to the Yanomami, a village of eighty people was attacked by a helicopter and the only known survivors of the village are three men who happened to be out hunting while the attack occurred. However in September 2012 Survival International, who had been supporting the Yanomami in this allegation, retracted it after journalists could find no evidence to support the claim.
Groups working for the Yanomami.
UK-based non-governmental organization Survival International has created global awareness-raising campaigns on the human rights situation of the Yanomami people.
The US-based World Wildlife Fund (WWF) has created a play to convey what is happening to the people and their natural environment in the Amazon rainforest. It tells of Yanomami tribesmen/tribeswomen living in the Amazon and has been published and performed by many drama groups around the world.
The German-based non-governmental organization Yanomami-Hilfe eV is building medical stations and schools for Yanomami in Venezuela and Brazil. Founder Christina Haverkamp crossed in 1992 the Atlantic ocean on a self-made bamboo raft in order to draw attention to the continuing oppression of the Yanomami people.
The Brazilian-based Yanomami formed their own indigenous organization Hutukara Associação Yanomami, and website.
David Good, a Yanomami-American (son of the anthropologist Kenneth Good and his wife Yarima) set up The Good Project to help support the future of the Yanomami people.
The Comissao Pró-Yanomami (CCPY) is a Brazilian NGO focused on improving health care and education for the Yanomami. In 2000, they sponsored a project in attempts to foster a market for Yanomami-grown fruit trees. This project aimed to help the Yanomami as they transition to an increasingly more sedentary lifestyle due to environmental and political pressures. In a separate venture the CCPY, as per request of Yanomami leaders, established Yanomami schools that teach Portuguese, aiming to aid the Yanomami in their navigation of Brazilian politics and international arenas in their struggle to defend land rights. Additionally, these village schools teach Yanomami about Brazilian society, including money use, good production, and record keeping. 

</doc>
<doc id="18603687" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18603687" title="Maura O'Halloran">
Maura O'Halloran

Maura "Soshin" O'Halloran (May 24, 1955 - October 22, 1982) was an Irish American Zen Buddhist monk. She is known for her book "Pure Heart, Enlightened Mind", which was posthumously published, and for being the "first of few Western women allowed to practice in a traditional Japanese Zen monastery".
Biography.
O'Halloran was born in Boston, Massachusetts in 1955 and her parents moved to Ireland when she was four years old. There she was educated in a convent school in County Dublin and later attended Trinity College Dublin, where she graduated with a joint degree in mathematical economics/statistics and sociology. Shortly after her graduation O'Halloran traveled to northern Japan, where she studied to become a Zen monk in Tokyo and the Iwate Prefecture. After a three year period she was given the Buddhist name of "Soshin-san" on August 8, 1982, upon which point she decided to travel back to Ireland. O'Halloran died in a traffic accident in Chiang Mai, Thailand on October 22, 1982. After her death she was titled "Great Enlightened Lady, of the same heart and mind as the Great Teacher Buddha" and a statue was dedicated to her at the temple she studied at in Iwate Prefecture.

</doc>
<doc id="18603692" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18603692" title="Mochizuki Chiyome">
Mochizuki Chiyome

Mochizuki Chiyome (望月 千代女), also known as Mochizuki Chiyojo, was a Japanese noblewoman of the 16th century who was credited with creating an all-female group of ninja. 
Biography.
Mochizuki Chiyome, rumoured to be originally from the Kōga clan, was the wife of Mochizuki Nobumasa, a samurai warlord from Shinano and lord of the Mochizuki Castle (he was killed in the Battle of Nagashino in 1575). While Nobumasa was off in battle, she was often left in the care of the daimyo Takeda Shingen, who also was the uncle of her husband. It was then when Shingen approached her and gave her an important mission to recruit women and create an underground network of kunoichi (female ninja) agents. Takeda’s plan was to have fully trained female operatives who could act as subversive agents used to gather information and deliver coded messages to his allies; Chiyome was the best candidate for this, since she came from a long line of Kōga ninja. She accepted the task, set up her operation in the village of Nazu in the Shinshu region, and began her search for potential candidates for training. 
Chiyome recruited several young women who were recently orphaned, prostitutes or victims of the civil wars of the Sengoku period. She also recruited girls who were either lost or abandoned. Many people believed that she was helping these women, and giving them an opportunity to start up a new life. But in reality, they were trained to become highly efficient information gatherers and verifiers, seductresses, messengers and when necessary, assassins. The girls were taught all the skills of a miko (Shinto shrine maiden or a wandering female shaman), which allowed them to travel virtually anywhere without suspicion, receiving religious education to complete their disguise. Over time, Chiyome's kunoichi learned to effectively use more disguises such as actresses, prostitutes or geisha. This allowed them to move freely within villages, towns, castles and temples, and get closer to their targets. Eventually, Chiyome and her kunoichi had set up an extensive network of some 200-300 agents that served the Takeda clan and Shingen was always informed of all activities, putting him one step ahead of his opponents at all times until his mysterious death in 1573.
Due to the sketchy details regarding Chiyome's life, some researchers doubt whether or not she existed as this could have been actually a fabricated tale from the Edo period, as it was most probably in the case of the Sanada Ten Braves.
In popular culture.
Mochizuki Chiyome is featured as a character in the video game "", in the video game series "Samurai Warriors" (as a trainer of the character Kunoichi in "Samurai Warriors" and appearing as a leader of the kunoichi bodyguards in "Samurai Warriors 2"), and in the video game "Sangoku Heroes". As "Chiyome", she is a non-playable character in "Pokémon Conquest", using Ground and Dark type Pokémon.

</doc>
<doc id="18603698" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18603698" title="Tony Piet">
Tony Piet

Anthony Francis Piet (December 7, 1906 in Berwick, Pennsylvania – December 1, 1981 in Hinsdale, Illinois) was an infielder in Major League Baseball from 1931 to 1938. He played for the Pittsburgh Pirates, Cincinnati Reds, Chicago White Sox, and Detroit Tigers.
An all-around player, Piet was second in the National League in stolen bases (19) in 1932, and played the most games (154) of any player in the NL that year. In 1933, his batting average (.323) was the third highest in the NL. After retiring from baseball, he went on to found a car dealership in Chicago, whose slogan was "Shop for it anywhere, you'll buy it at Piet".

</doc>
<doc id="18603702" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18603702" title="Raphale Evans">
Raphale Evans

Raphale Mondale Evans (born 7 May 1990) is an English footballer who plays for Stockport Sports on a full-time basis. He previously played in the Football League for Rochdale. Evans has also played non-League football for Bradford Park Avenue, Leigh Genesis, Northwich Victoria, Salford City and most recently for Woodley Sports.
In 2009, he was jailed for violent disorder which effectively ended his playing career.
Life and career.
Evans was born in Manchester. Described as "physically robust and commanding in the air", he began his football career in Rochdale's youth system. After captaining the youth team and playing for the reserves, he made his first-team debut at the end of the 2007–08 season, playing the whole of a 1–1 draw at home to Shrewsbury Town on 3 May 2008. He signed a 12-month professional contract before the 2008–09 season, and in October 2008 joined Bradford Park Avenue on a month's loan to gain experience; he made three starts and one substitute appearance. In March 2009, with limited opportunity for first-team football with Rochdale, he joined Leigh Genesis for a month's loan, but played only once for the club. His contract with Rochdale expired at the end of the season and was not renewed
Evans resumed his football career in January 2011 with Northern Premier League Premier Division club Northwich Victoria, initially on non-contract terms. He signed a new contract with the club for the 2011–12 season. In October 2011 he joined Salford City, and in February 2012 he moved to Woodley Sports.
Evans signed a new full-time contract with Woodley Sports, renamed to Stockport Sports in July 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="18603703" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18603703" title="Albanian parliamentary election, 2001">
Albanian parliamentary election, 2001

Parliamentary elections were held in Albania on 24 June 2001. The result was a victory for the ruling Socialist Party of Albania, which won 73 of the 140 seats, resulting in Ilir Meta remaining Prime Minister. Voter turnout was 53.6%.
Electoral system.
The Assembly of Albania has 140 members of whom 100 are elected by plurality vote in single-member constituencies and 40 members are elected through a party-list proportional representation system. 
Campaign.
President Rexhep Meidani announced on 18 April 2001 that the first round of the elections would be held on 24 June, with the second round on 8 July. The governing Socialist Party had the aim of gaining 60% of the vote, in order to have a sufficient majority to elect a new President in 2002. They campaigned on infrastructure improvements such as communication and transport and on their record in restoring order and economic growth. They were also boosted by achieving the opening of negotiations with the European Union on a Stabilisation and Association Agreement just before the election.
The main opposition party, the Democratic Party of Albania led by ex-President Sali Berisha, had moderated their message after losing the 2000 local elections. They formed a coalition of right wing parties, the Union for Victory Coalition, and said that they were open to dealing with other parties if they won the election. They hoped to make gains due to public concern over corruption and the continuing poverty in Albania.
The campaign was generally peaceful and with no reliable opinion polls most observers expected the ruling Socialists to be re-elected with a smaller majority.
Voting.
First round.
Both main parties initially claimed victory after the first round on the 24 June in which turnout reached about 60%. The governing Socialist party claimed that they won 45 of the 100 seats. Monitors from the Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe (OSCE) described the election as having made progress towards international democratic standards. However the opposition Democratic party claimed there was widespread intimidation and electoral fraud. Procedural differences led to polling stations being kept closed in Lushnje leading to voting having to be delayed for about 30,000 people. The results of the first round showed that the Socialists won 33 seats as against 17 won by the Democrats.
Second round.
A run-off vote to decide the winner in 51 districts where no candidate won over half the vote in the first round was held on 8 July. Another 40 seats were decided in proportion to the share of the vote each party won.
Results.
Note that the data is inconsistent and there is a difference of 22,805 between the parties' total and the number of valid votes.
Aftermath.
The constitutional court ruled that voting had to be repeated in eight districts on 22 July and a further two on 29 July. International observers described the elections as a whole as having been free and fair. However the opposition Democrats said they would not accept the results. They described the election as a farce and started a boycott of Parliament. The boycott lasted for six months until January 2002 when Sali Berisha announced that his party was returning to Parliament.

</doc>
<doc id="18603719" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18603719" title="Mille chilometri al minuto!">
Mille chilometri al minuto!

Mille chilometri al minuto! (or 1000 km al minuto!) is a 1939 Italian comedy film directed by Mario Mattoli and starring Nino Besozzi. 

</doc>
<doc id="18603728" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18603728" title="Queensland Pride">
Queensland Pride

Queensland Pride is a fortnightly gay and lesbian magazine based in Brisbane, Australia.
One of several titles published by Evo Media, "Queensland Pride" is distributed throughout Brisbane and major regional centres in Queensland. The publication covers local, national and international news of interest to the gay and lesbian community, and has a strong focus on community news, arts and entertainment.
The editorial team consists of Andrew Shaw as editor and freelance contributors. Sales are handled by Alex Bartzis and Tina Lewis.
"Queensland Pride" was first published as a monthly in January 1991, one month after the state of Queensland decriminalised male homosexuality. It was originally published as a newspaper, in a black-and-white newsprint format. It was the state's first gay and lesbian publication. Its founding editor was Raymond 'Wally' Cowin, who remained in the editorial role until February 2001. He was succeeded as editor by the then news editor, Iain Clacher, who remained editor of the title until January 2009, when he died of a heart attack. Clacher was succeeded as editor by Peter Hackney. Scott McGuinness and Andrew Blythe also served in the role, before Andrew Shaw took over from acting editor Anthony Smith in June 2012. Shaw was previously editor of Melbourne LGBTI weekly "Melbourne Community Voice" from 2000 to 2003 and from 2009 to 2012.
In March 2001, "Queensland Pride" began publishing fortnightly. It reverted to a monthly publication schedule in March 2004, shortly after publication of the title was taken over by a new company, Special Publications Australia. However, on 9 November 2012, under former publisher Evolution Publishing, fortnightly publication began and continued when the title was licensed to Evo Media in May 2013.
Special Publications Australia sold the title to Sydney-based Evolution Publishing in June 2007. From June 2007, the publication changed from a newsprint format to a high-quality, full-colour full-gloss format.
Controversy.
In 2013, Queensland Pride became and remains under investigated by the Office of Fair Trading in Queensland for claiming in media kits that it was distributing 15,740 copies per issue at the end of 2012 when only 4,970 copies were going out, having the effect of misleading advertisers and the GLBTI community that were exposed to Queensland Pride's claims.
Liquidators for Evolution Publishing Pty Limited claim Dean Bell, Evo Media's Managing Director was a "shadow director" and referred questions of phoenixing to ASIC. 

</doc>
<doc id="18603737" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18603737" title="Henry Armstrong (disambiguation)">
Henry Armstrong (disambiguation)

Henry Armstrong (1912–1988) was an American boxer
Henry Armstrong may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18603743" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18603743" title="Peng'an County">
Peng'an County

Peng'an County (Chinese: 蓬安县; Pinyin: Péng'ān Xiàn) is a county in Nanchong, Sichuan, China.
Peng'an has an area of 1,334 square kilometers and a population of 680,000 as of 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="18603746" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18603746" title="Beijing">
Beijing

Beijing, sometimes romanized as Peking, is the capital of the People's Republic of China and one of the most populous cities in the world. The population as of 2013 was 21,150,000. The metropolis, located in northern China, is governed as a direct-controlled municipality under the national government, with 14 urban and suburban districts and two rural counties. Beijing Municipality is surrounded by Hebei Province with the exception of neighboring Tianjin Municipality to the southeast.
Beijing is the second largest Chinese city by urban population after Shanghai and is the nation's political, cultural, and educational center. It is home to the headquarters of most of China's largest state-owned companies, and is a major hub for the national highway, expressway, railway, and high-speed rail networks. The Beijing Capital International Airport is the second busiest in the world by passenger traffic.
The city's history dates back three millennia. As the last of the Four Great Ancient Capitals of China, Beijing has been the political center of the country for much of the past eight centuries. The city is renowned for its opulent palaces, temples, gardens, tombs, walls and gates, and its art treasures and universities have made it a center of culture and art in China. "Encyclopædia Britannica" notes that "few cities in the world have served for so long as the political headquarters and cultural centre of an area as immense as China."
Etymology.
Over the past 3,000 years, the city of Beijing has had numerous other names. The name Beijing, which means "Northern Capital" (from the Chinese characters for "north" and for "capital"), was applied to the city in 1403 during the Ming Dynasty to distinguish the city from Nanjing (the "Southern Capital"). The English spelling is based on the pinyin romanization of the two characters as they are pronounced in Standard Mandarin. An older English spelling, Peking, is the Postal Map Romanization of the same two characters as they are pronounced in Chinese dialects spoken in the southern port towns first visited by European traders and missionaries. Those dialects preserve the Middle Chinese pronunciation of as "kjaeng", prior to a phonetic shift in the northern dialects to the modern pronunciation.
The single Chinese character abbreviation for Beijing is , which appears on automobile license plates in the city. The official Latin alphabet abbreviation for Beijing is "BJ".
History.
Early history.
The earliest traces of human habitation in the Beijing municipality were found in the caves of Dragon Bone Hill near the village of Zhoukoudian in Fangshan District, where Peking Man lived. "Homo erectus" fossils from the caves date to 230,000 to 250,000 years ago. Paleolithic "homo sapiens" also lived there more recently, about 27,000 years ago. Archaeologists have found neolithic settlements throughout the municipality, including in Wangfujing, located in downtown Beijing.
The first walled city in Beijing was Ji, a city-state from the 11th to 7th century BC. Within modern Beijing, Ji was located south of the present Beijing West Railway Station. This settlement was later conquered by the state of Yan and made its capital under the name Yanjing.
Early Imperial China.
After the First Emperor unified China, Beijing became a prefectural capital for the region. During the Three Kingdoms period, it was held by Gongsun Zan and Yuan Shao before falling to Cao Cao's Wei Kingdom. The AD 3rd-century Western Jin demoted the town, placing the prefectural seat in neighboring Zhuozhou. During the Sixteen Kingdoms period when northern China was conquered and divided by the Wu Hu, Beijing, as Jicheng was briefly the capital of the Xianbei Former Yan Kingdom.
After China was reunified during the Sui Dynasty, Beijing, known as Zhuojun, became the northern terminus of the Grand Canal. Under the Tang Dynasty, Beijing as Fanyang, served as a military frontier command center. During the An-Shi Rebellion and again amidst the turmoil of the late Tang, local military commanders founded their own short-lived Yan Dynasties and called the city Yanjing, or the "Yan Capital." In 938, after the fall of the Tang, the Later Jin Dynasty ceded the entire northern frontier to the Khitan Liao Dynasty, which renamed the city, Nanjing, or the "Southern Capital", one of four secondary capitals to complement its "Supreme Capital", Shangjing (modern Baarin Left Banner in Inner Mongolia). Some of the oldest surviving structures in Beijing date to the Liao period, including the Tianning Pagoda.
The Liao fell to the Jurchen Jin dynasty in 1122, which gave the city to the Song Dynasty and then retook it in 1125 during its conquest of northern China. In 1153, the Jin made Beijing their "Central Capital", called Zhongdu. The city was besieged by Genghis Khan's invading Mongolian army in 1213 and razed to the ground two years later. Two generations later, Kublai Khan ordered the construction of Dadu (or Daidu to the Mongols, commonly known as Khanbaliq), a new capital for his Yuan dynasty to be located adjacent to the Jin ruins. The construction took from 1264 to 1293, but greatly enhanced the status of a city on the northern fringe of China proper. The city was centered on the Drum Tower slightly to the north of modern Beijing and stretched from the present-day Chang'an Avenue to the Line 10 subway. Remnants of the Yuan packed earth wall still stand and are known as the Tucheng.
Ming Dynasty.
In 1368, soon after declaring the new Hongwu era of the Ming Dynasty, the rebel leader Zhu Yuanzhang sent an army to Khanbaliq and burnt it to the ground. Since the Yuan continued to occupy Shangdu and Mongolia, however, a new town was established to supply the military garrisons in the area. This was called Beiping and under the Hongwu Emperor's feudal policies it was given to Zhu Di, one of his sons, who was created "Prince of Yan".
The early death of Zhu Yuanzhang's heir led to a succession struggle on his death, one that ended with the victory of Zhu Di and the declaration of the new Yongle era. Since his harsh treatment of the Ming capital Yingtian (Nanjing) alienated many there, he established his fief as a new co-capital. The city of Beiping became Shuntian now Beijing in 1403. The construction of the new imperial residence, the Forbidden City, took from 1406 to 1420; this period was also responsible for several other of the modern city's major attractions, such as the Temple of Heaven and Tian'anmen (although the square facing it was not cleared until 1651). On 28 October 1420, Beijing is officially designated the capital of the Ming Dynasty on the same year that the Forbidden City is completed. Beijing became the empire's primary capital (Jingshi) and Yingtian now called Nanjing lost much of its importance. (A 1425 order by Zhu Di's son, the Hongxi Emperor, to return the capital to Nanjing was never carried out: he died, probably of a heart attack, the next month. He was buried, like almost every Ming emperor to follow him, in an elaborate necropolis to Beijing's north.)
By the 15th century, Beijing had essentially taken its current shape. The Ming city wall continued to serve until modern times, when it was pulled down and the 2nd Ring Road was built in its place. It is generally believed that Beijing was the largest city in the world for most of the 15th, 16th, 17th, and 18th centuries. The first known church was constructed by Catholics in 1652 at the former site of Matteo Ricci's chapel; the modern Nantang Cathedral was later built upon the same site.
The capture of Beijing by Li Zicheng's peasant army in 1644 ended the dynasty, but he and his Shun court abandoned the city without a fight when the Manchu army of Prince Dorgon arrived 40 days later.
Qing Dynasty.
Dorgon established the Qing Dynasty as a direct successor of the Ming (delegitimizing Li Zicheng and his followers) and Beijing became China's sole capital. The Qing emperors made some modifications to the Imperial residence but, in large part, the Ming buildings and the general layout remained unchanged. Facilities for Manchu worship were introduced, but the Qing also continued the traditional state rituals. Signage was bilingual or Chinese. This early Qing Beijing later formed the setting for the classic Chinese novel "Dream of the Red Chamber".
During the Second Opium War, Anglo-French forces captured the city, looting and burning the Old Summer Palace in 1860. Under the Convention of Peking ending that war, Western powers for the first time secured the right to establish permanent diplomatic presences within the city. In 1900, the attempt by the "Boxers" to eradicate this presence, as well as Chinese Christian converts, led to Beijing's reoccupation by foreign powers. During the fighting, several important structures were destroyed, including the Hanlin Academy and the (new) Summer Palace.
Republican era.
The fomenters of the Xinhai Revolution of 1911 sought to replace Qing rule with a republic and leaders like Sun Yat-sen originally intended to return the capital to Nanjing. After the Qing general Yuan Shikai forced the abdication of the last Qing emperor and ensured the success of the revolution, the revolutionaries accepted him as president of the new Republic of China. Yuan maintained his capital at Beijing and quickly consolidated power, declaring himself emperor in 1915. His death less than a year later left China under the control of the warlords commanding the regional armies. The most powerful factions fought frequent wars the Zhili-Anhui War and the First and Second Zhili-Fengtian War to take control of the capital. Following the success of the Nationalists' Northern Expedition, the capital was formally removed to Nanjing in 1928. On 28 June the same year, Beijing's name was returned to Beiping (written at the time as "Peiping").
During the Second Sino-Japanese War, Beiping fell to Japan on 29 July 1937 and was made the seat of the Provisional Government of the Republic of China, a puppet state that ruled the ethnic-Chinese portions of Japanese-occupied northern China. This government was later merged into the larger Wang Jingwei government based in Nanjing.
People's Republic.
In the final phases of the Chinese Civil War, the People's Liberation Army seized control of the city peacefully on 31 January 1949 in the course of the Pingjin Campaign. On 1 October that year, Mao Zedong announced the creation of the People's Republic of China from atop Tian'anmen. He restored the name of the city, as the new capital, to Beijing, a decision that had been reached by the Chinese People's Political Consultative Conference just a few days earlier.
In the 1950s, the city began to expand beyond the old walled city and its surrounding neighborhoods, with heavy industries in the west and residential neighborhoods in the north. Many areas of the Beijing city wall were torn down in the 1960s to make way for the construction of the Beijing Subway and the 2nd Ring Road.
During the Cultural Revolution from 1966 to 1976, the Red Guard movement began in Beijing and the city's government fell victim to one of the first purges. By the fall of 1966, all city schools were shut down and over a million Red Guards from across the country gathered in Beijing for eight rallies in Tian'anmen Square with Mao. In April 1976, a large public gathering of Beijing residents against the Gang of Four and the Cultural Revolution in Tiananmen Square was forcefully suppressed. In October 1976, the Gang was arrested in Zhongnanhai and the Cultural Revolution came to an end. In December 1978, the Third Plenum of the 11th Party Congress in Beijing under the leadership of Deng Xiaoping reversed the verdicts against victims of the Cultural Revolution and instituted the "policy of reform and opening up."
Since the early 1980s, the urban area of Beijing has expanded greatly with the completion of the 2nd Ring Road in 1981 and the subsequent addition of the 3rd, 4th, 5th and 6th Ring Roads. According to one 2005 newspaper report, the size of newly developed Beijing was one-and-a-half times larger than before. Wangfujing and Xidan have developed into flourishing shopping districts, while Zhongguancun has become a major center of electronics in China. In recent years, the expansion of Beijing has also brought to the forefront some problems of urbanization, such as heavy traffic, poor air quality, the loss of historic neighborhoods, and a significant influx of migrants from less-developed areas of the country. Beijing has also been the location of many significant events in recent Chinese history, principally the Tiananmen Square protests of 1989 and the 2008 Summer Olympics. This city was awarded to host the 2015 World Championships in Athletics.
Geography.
Beijing is situated at the northern tip of the roughly triangular North China Plain, which opens to the south and east of the city. Mountains to the north, northwest and west shield the city and northern China's agricultural heartland from the encroaching desert steppes. The northwestern part of the municipality, especially Yanqing County and Huairou District, are dominated by the Jundu Mountains, while the western part is framed by "Xishan" or the Western Hills. The Great Wall of China across the northern part of Beijing Municipality was built on the rugged topography to defend against nomadic incursions from the steppes. Mount Dongling, in the Western Hills and on the border with Hebei, is the municipality's highest point, with an altitude of .
Major rivers flowing through the municipality, including the Chaobai, Yongding, Juma, are all tributaries in the Hai River system, and flow in a southeasterly direction. The Miyun Reservoir, on the upper reaches of the Chaobai River, is the largest reservoir within the municipality. Beijing is also the northern terminus of the Grand Canal to Hangzhou, which was built over 1,400 years ago as a transportation route, and the South–North Water Transfer Project, constructed in the past decade to bring water from the Yangtze River basin.
The urban area of Beijing, on the plains in the south-central of the municipality with elevation of 40–60 m, occupies a relatively small but expanding portion of the municipality's area. The city spreads out in concentric ring roads. The Second Ring Road traces the old city walls and the Sixth Ring Road connects satellite towns in the surrounding suburbs. Tian'anmen and Tian'anmen Square are at the center of Beijing, directly to the south of the Forbidden City, the former residence of the emperors of China. To the west of Tian'anmen is Zhongnanhai, the residence of China's current leaders. Chang'an Avenue which cuts between Tiananmen and the Square, forms the city's main east-west axis.
Climate.
Beijing has a rather dry, monsoon-influenced humid continental climate (Köppen climate classification "Dwa"), characterized by hot, humid summers due to the East Asian monsoon, and generally cold, windy, dry winters that reflect the influence of the vast Siberian anticyclone. Spring can bear witness to sandstorms blowing in from Gobi Desert across the Mongolian steppe, accompanied by rapidly warming, but generally dry, conditions. Autumn, like spring, sees little rain, but is crisp and short. The monthly daily average temperature in January is , while in July it is . Precipitation averages around annually, with close to three-fourths of that total falling from June to August. With monthly percent possible sunshine ranging from 47% in July to 65% in January and February, the city receives 2,671 hours of bright sunshine annually. Extremes have ranged from to .
Air quality.
Joint research between American and Chinese researchers in 2006 concluded that much of the city's pollution comes from surrounding cities and provinces. On average 35–60% of the ozone can be traced to sources outside the city. Shandong Province and Tianjin Municipality have a "significant influence on Beijing's air quality", partly due to the prevailing south/southeasterly flow during the summer and the mountains to the north and northwest.
In preparation for the 2008 Summer Olympics and to fulfill promises to clean up the city's air, nearly 17 billion USD was spent. Beijing implemented a number of air improvement schemes for the duration of the Games, including halting work at all construction sites, closing many factories in Beijing permanently, temporarily shutting industry in neighboring regions, closing some gas stations, and cutting motor traffic by half by limiting drivers to odd or even days (based on their license plate numbers), reducing bus and subway fares, opening new subway lines, and banning high-emission vehicles. The city further assembled 3,800 natural-gas powered buses, one of the largest fleets in the world. Beijing became the first city in China to require the Chinese equivalent to the Euro 4 emission standard.
Coal burning accounts for about 40% of the PM 2.5 in Beijing and is also the chief source of nitrogen and sulfur dioxide. Since 2012, the city has been converting coal-fired power stations to burn natural gas and aims to cap annual coal consumption at 20 million tons. In 2011, the city burned 26.3 million tons of coal, 73% of which for heating and power generation and the remainder for industry. Much of the city’s air pollutants are emitted by neighboring regions. Coal consumption in neighboring Tianjin is expected to increase from 48 to 63 million tons from 2011 to 2015. Hebei Province burned over 300 million tons of coal in 2011, more than all of Germany, of which only 30% were used for power generation and a considerable portion for steel and cement making. Power plants in the coal-mining regions of Shanxi, Inner Mongolia and Shaanxi, where coal consumption has tripled since 2000, and Shandong also contribute to air pollution in Beijing. Shandong, Shanxi, Hebei and Inner Mongolia, respectively rank from first to fourth, among Chinese provinces by coal consumption.
The government regularly uses cloud-seeding measures to increase the likelihood of rain showers in the region to clear the air prior to large events as well as to combat drought conditions in the area.
Beijing air quality is often poor, especially in winter. Many people wear face masks. Smog has dangerous pollution. The concentration of toxic small particles in Jan-Feb 2014 was at highest 26 times the level considered safe by WHO. According to Beijing's mayor the intention is to cut coal burning in the city and the surrounding areas by 2.6 million tonnes in three years by 2017.
Readings.
Due to Beijing's high-level of air pollution, there are various readings by different sources on the subject. Daily pollution readings at 27 monitoring stations around the city are reported on the website of the Beijing Environmental Protection Bureau (BJEPB). The United States Embassy in Beijing also reports hourly fine particulate (PM2.5) and ozone levels on Twitter. Although the BJEPB and US Embassy measure different pollutants according to different criteria the media has noted that pollution levels and the impact to human health reported by the BJEPB are often lower than that reported by the US Embassy.
Dust storms.
Dust from the erosion of deserts in northern and northwestern China results in seasonal dust storms that plague the city; the Beijing Weather Modification Office sometimes artificially induces rainfall to fight such storms and mitigate their effects. In the first four months of 2006 alone, there were no fewer than eight such storms. In April 2002, one dust storm alone dumped nearly 50,000 tons of dust onto the city before moving on to Japan and Korea.
Politics and government.
Municipal government is regulated by the local Communist Party of China (CPC), led by the Beijing CPC Secretary (). The local CPC issues administrative orders, collects taxes, manages the economy, and directs a standing committee of the Municipal People's Congress in making policy decisions and overseeing the local government.
Government officials include the mayor () and vice-mayor. Numerous bureaus focus on law, public security, and other affairs. Additionally, as the capital of China, Beijing houses all of the important national governmental and political institutions, including the National People's Congress.
Administrative divisions.
Beijing Municipality currently comprises 16 administrative county-level subdivisions including 14 urban and suburban districts and two rural counties. On 1 July 2010, Chongwen () and Xuanwu Districts () were merged into Dongcheng and Xicheng Districts, respectively.
Towns.
Beijing's 16 districts and counties are further subdivided into 273 lower third-level administrative units at the township level: 119 towns, 24 townships, 5 ethnic townships and 125 subdistricts.
Towns within Beijing Municipality but outside the urban area include (but are not limited to):
Several place names in Beijing end with "mén" (), meaning "gate", as they were the locations of gates in the former Beijing city wall. Other place names end in "cūn" (), meaning "village", as they were originally villages outside the city wall.
Neighbourhoods.
Neighbourhoods may extend across multiple districts. Major neighbourhoods in urban Beijing include:
Judiciary and procuracy.
The judicial system in Beijing consists of the Supreme People's Court, the highest court in the country, the Beijing Municial High People's Court, the high people's court of the municipality, three intermediate people's courts, one intermediate railway transport court, 14 basic people's court (one for each of the municipality's districts and counties), and one basic railway transport court. The Beijing No. 1 Intermediate People's Court in Shijingshan oversees the basic courts of Haidian, Shijingshan, Mentougou, Changping and Yanqing. The Beijing No. 2 Intermediate People's Court in Fengtai oversees the basic courts of Dongcheng, Xicheng, Fengtai, Fangshan and Daxing. The Beijing No. 3 Intermediate People's Court in Laiguangying, is the newest of the three intermediate people's courts and opened on August 21, 2013. It oversees the district courts of Chaoyang, Tongzhou, Shunyi, Huairou, Pinggu and Miyun. Each court in Beijing has a corresponding people's procuratorate.
Diplomatic missions.
About 163 countries have embassies in Beijing, which are concentrated in Jiangguomenwai, Sanlitun and Liangmaqiao in Chaoyang District.
Economy.
Beijing is among the most developed cities in China, with tertiary industry accounting for 73.2% of its gross domestic product (GDP); it was the first post industrial city in mainland China. Beijing is home to 41 Fortune Global 500 companies, the second most in the world behind Tokyo, and over 100 of the largest companies in China. Its overall economic influence has been ranked number 1 by PwC.
Finance is one of the most important industries. By the end of 2007, there were 751 financial organizations in Beijing generating revenue of 128.6 billion RMB, 11.6% of the total financial industry revenue of the entire country. That also accounts for 13.8% of Beijing's GDP, the highest percentage of any Chinese city.
In 2010, Beijing's nominal GDP reached 1.37 trillion RMB. Its per capita GDP was 78,194 RMB. In 2009, Beijing's nominal GDP was 1.19 trillion RMB (US$174 billion), a growth of 10.1% over the previous year. Its GDP per capita was 68,788 RMB (US$10,070), an increase of 6.2% over 2008. In 2009, Beijing's primary, secondary, and tertiary industries were worth 11.83 billion RMB, 274.31 billion RMB, and 900.45 billion RMB respectively. Urban disposable income per capita was 26,738 yuan, a real increase of 8.1% from the previous year. Per capita pure income of rural residents was 11,986 RMB, a real increase of 11.5%. The Engel's coefficient of Beijing's urban residents reached 31.8% in 2005, while that of the rural residents was 32.8%, declining 4.5 and 3.9 percentage points respectively compared to 2000.
Beijing's real estate and automobile sectors have continued to boom in recent years. In 2005, a total of of housing real estate was sold, for a total of 175.88 billion RMB. The total number of cars registered in Beijing in 2004 was 2,146,000, of which 1,540,000 were privately owned (a yearly increase of 18.7%).
The Beijing central business district (CBD), centered on the Guomao area, has been identified as the city's new central business district, and is home to a variety of corporate regional headquarters, shopping precincts, and high-end housing. Beijing Financial Street, in the Fuxingmen and Fuchengmen area, is a traditional financial center. The Wangfujing and Xidan areas are major shopping districts. Zhongguancun, dubbed "China's Silicon Valley", continues to be a major center in electronics and computer-related industries, as well as pharmaceuticals-related research. Meanwhile, Yizhuang, located to the southeast of the urban area, is becoming a new center in pharmaceuticals, information technology, and materials engineering. Shijingshan, on the western outskirts of the city, is among the major industrial areas. Specially designated industrial parks include Zhongguancun Science Park, Yongle Economic Development Zone, Beijing Economic-technological Development Area, and Tianzhu Airport Industrial Zone.
Agriculture is carried on outside the urban area, with wheat and maize (corn) being the main crops. Vegetables are also grown closer to the urban area in order to supply the city.
Beijing is increasingly becoming known for its innovative entrepreneurs and high-growth startup companies. This culture is backed by a large community of both Chinese and foreign venture capital firms, such as Sequoia Capital, whose head office in China is in Chaoyang, Beijing. Though Shanghai is seen as the economic center of China, this is typically based on the numerous large corporations based there, rather than for being a center for entrepreneurship.
Less legitimate enterprises also exist. Urban Beijing is known for being a center of pirated goods; anything from the latest designer clothing to DVDs can be found in markets all over the city, often marketed to expatriates and international visitors.
The development of Beijing continues at a rapid pace, and the vast expansion has created a multitude of problems for the city. Beijing is known for its smog as well as the frequent "power-saving" programmes instituted by the government. To reduce air pollution, a number of major industries have been ordered to reduce emissions or leave the city. Beijing Capital Steel, once one of the city's largest employers and its single biggest polluter, has been relocating most of its operations to Tangshan, in nearby Hebei Province.
Demographics.
The registered population of Beijing Municipality consists of people holding either Beijing permanent residence "hukou permits" or temporary residence permits. The 2010 census revealed that the official total population in Beijing was 19,612,368, representing a 44% increase over the last decade. In 2006, the population of the urban core was 13.33 million, 84.3 percent of the total municipal population, which officially stood at 15.81 million. Urban sprawl continues at a rapid pace.
After Chongqing and Shanghai, Beijing is the third largest of the four directly controlled municipalities of the People's Republic of China. In the PRC, a directly controlled municipality (直辖市 in pinyin: zhíxiáshì) is a city with status equal to a province.
According to the statistical yearbook issued in 2005 by the National Bureau of Statistics of China, out of a total population in 2004 of 14.213 million in Beijing, 1.415 million (9.96%) were 0–14 years old, 11.217 million (78.92%) were 15–64 and 1.581 million (11.12%) 65 and over.
Culture.
People native to urban Beijing speak the Beijing dialect, which belongs to the Mandarin subdivision of spoken Chinese. This speech is the basis for "putonghua", the standard spoken language used in mainland China and Taiwan, and one of the four official languages of Singapore. Rural areas of Beijing Municipality have their own dialects akin to those of Hebei province, which surrounds Beijing Municipality.
Beijing or Peking opera (, "Jīngjù") is a traditional form of Chinese theater well known throughout the nation. Commonly lauded as one of the highest achievements of Chinese culture, Beijing opera is performed through a combination of song, spoken dialogue, and codified action sequences involving gestures, movement, fighting and acrobatics. Much of Beijing opera is carried out in an archaic stage dialect quite different from Modern Standard Chinese and from the modern Beijing dialect.
Beijing cuisine is the local style of cooking. Peking Roast Duck is perhaps the best known dish. Fuling Jiabing, a traditional Beijing snack food, is a pancake ("bing") resembling a flat disk with a filling made from "fu ling", a fungus used in traditional Chinese medicine. Teahouses are common in Beijing.
The cloisonné (or "Jingtailan", literally "Blue of Jingtai") metalworking technique and tradition is a Beijing art specialty, and is one of the most revered traditional crafts in China. Cloisonné making requires elaborate and complicated processes which include base-hammering, copper-strip inlay, soldering, enamel-filling, enamel-firing, surface polishing and gilding. Beijing's lacquerware is also well known for its sophisticated and intrinsic patterns and images carved into its surface, and the various decoration techniques of lacquer include "carved lacquer" and "engraved gold".
Younger residents of Beijing have become more attracted to the nightlife, which has flourished in recent decades, breaking prior cultural traditions that had practically restricted it to the upper class.
Places of interest.
At the historical heart of Beijing lies the Forbidden City, the enormous palace compound that was the home of the emperors of the Ming and Qing dynasties; the Forbidden City hosts the Palace Museum, which contains imperial collections of Chinese art. Surrounding the Forbidden City are several former imperial gardens, parks and scenic areas, notably Beihai, Shichahai, Zhongnanhai, Jingshan and Zhongshan. These places, particularly Beihai Park, are described as masterpieces of Chinese gardening art, and are popular tourist destinations with tremendous historical importance; in the modern era, Zhongnanhai has also been the political heart of various Chinese governments and regimes and is now the headquarters of the Communist Party of China and the State Council. From Tiananmen Square, right across from the Forbidden City, there are several notable sites, such as the Tiananmen, Qianmen, the Great Hall of the People, the National Museum of China, the Monument to the People's Heroes, and the Mausoleum of Mao Zedong. The Summer Palace and the Old Summer Palace both lie at the western part of the city; the former, a UNESCO World Heritage Site, contains a comprehensive collection of imperial gardens and palaces that served as the summer retreats for the Qing imperial family.
Among the best known religious sites in the city is the Temple of Heaven ("Tiantan"), located in southeastern Beijing, also a UNESCO World Heritage Site, where emperors of the Ming and Qing dynasties made visits for annual ceremonies of prayers to Heaven for good harvest. In the north of the city is the Temple of Earth ("Ditan"), while the Temple of the Sun ("Ritan") and the Temple of the Moon ("Yuetan") lie in the eastern and western urban areas respectively. Other well-known temple sites include the Dongyue Temple, Tanzhe Temple, Miaoying Temple, White Cloud Temple, Yonghe Temple, Fayuan Temple, Wanshou Temple and Big Bell Temple. The city also has its own Confucius Temple, and a Guozijian or Imperial Academy. The Cathedral of the Immaculate Conception, built in 1605, is the oldest Catholic church in Beijing. The Niujie Mosque is the oldest mosque in Beijing, with a history stretching back over a thousand years.
Beijing contains several well-preserved pagodas and stone pagodas, such as the towering Pagoda of Tianning Temple, which was built during the Liao Dynasty from 1100 to 1120, and the Pagoda of Cishou Temple, which was built in 1576 during the Ming Dynasty. Historically noteworthy stone bridges include the 12th-century Lugou Bridge, the 17th-century Baliqiao bridge, and the 18th-century Jade Belt Bridge. The Beijing Ancient Observatory displays pre-telescopic spheres dating back to the Ming and Qing dynasties. The Fragrant Hills ("Xiangshan") is a popular scenic public park that consists of natural landscaped areas as well as traditional and cultural relics. The Beijing Botanical Garden exhibits over 6,000 species of plants, including a variety of trees, bushes and flowers, and an extensive peony garden. The Taoranting, Longtan, Chaoyang, Haidian, Milu Yuan and Zizhu Yuan parks are some of the notable recreational parks in the city. The Beijing Zoo is a center of zoological research that also contains rare animals from various continents, including the Chinese giant panda.
There are over one hundred museums in Beijing. In addition to the Palace Museum in the Forbidden City and the National Museum of China, other major museums include the National Art Museum of China, the Capital Museum, the Beijing Art Museum, the Military Museum of the Chinese People's Revolution, the Geological Museum of China, the Beijing Museum of Natural History and the Paleozoological Museum of China.
Located at the outskirts of urban Beijing, but within its municipality are the Thirteen Tombs of the Ming Dynasty, the lavish and elaborate burial sites of thirteen Ming emperors, which have been designated as part of the UNESCO World Heritage Site Imperial Tombs of the Ming and Qing Dynasties. The archaeological Peking Man site at Zhoukoudian is another World Heritage Site within the municipality, containing a wealth of discoveries, among them one of the first specimens of "Homo erectus" and an assemblage of bones of the gigantic hyena "Pachycrocuta brevirostris". There are several sections of the UNESCO World Heritage Site Great Wall of China, most notably Badaling, Jinshanling, Simatai and Mutianyu.
Architecture.
Three styles of architecture predominate in urban Beijing. First, there is the traditional architecture of imperial China, perhaps best exemplified by the massive Tian'anmen (Gate of Heavenly Peace), which remains the People's Republic of China's trademark edifice, the Forbidden City, the Imperial Ancestral Temple and the Temple of Heaven. Next, there is what is sometimes referred to as the "Sino-Sov" style, with structures tending to be boxy and sometimes poorly constructed, which were built between the 1950s and the 1970s. Finally, there are much more modern architectural forms, most noticeably in the area of the Beijing CBD and Beijing Financial Street.
In the early 21st century, Beijing has witnessed tremendous growth of new building constructions, exhibiting various modern styles from international designers. A mixture of both old and new styles of architecture can be seen at the 798 Art Zone, which mixes 1950s design with the new.
Beijing is famous for its "siheyuans", a type of residence where a common courtyard is shared by the surrounding buildings. Among the more grand examples are the Prince Gong Mansion and Residence of Soong Ching-ling. These courtyards are usually connected by alleys called "hutongs". The "hutongs" are generally straight and run east to west so that doorways face north and south for good Feng Shui. They vary in width; some are so narrow only a few pedestrians can pass through at a time. Once ubiquitous in Beijing, "siheyuans" and "hutongs" are rapidly disappearing, as entire city blocks of "hutongs" are replaced by high-rise buildings. Residents of the "hutongs" are entitled to live in the new buildings in apartments of at least the same size as their former residences. Many complain, however, that the traditional sense of community and street life of the "hutongs" cannot be replaced, and these properties are often government owned.
Media.
Television and radio.
Beijing Television broadcasts on channels 1 through 10. Three radio stations feature programmes in English: "Hit FM" on FM 88.7, "Easy FM" by China Radio International on FM 91.5, and the newly launched "Radio 774" on AM 774. Beijing Radio Stations is the family of radio stations serving the city.
Press.
The well-known "Beijing Evening News" ("Beijing Wanbao", 北京晚报), covering news about Beijing in Chinese, is distributed every afternoon. Other newspapers include "The Beijing News" ("Xin Jing Bao", 新京报), the "Beijing Star Daily", the "Beijing Morning News", and the "Beijing Youth Daily" ("Beijing Qingnian Bao"), as well as English-language weeklies "Beijing Weekend" and "Beijing Today". The "People's Daily", "Global Times" and the "China Daily" (English) are published in Beijing as well.
Publications primarily aimed at international visitors and the expatriate community include the English-language periodicals "Time Out Beijing", "City Weekend", "Beijing This Month", "Beijing Talk", "That's Beijing".
Sports.
Events.
Beijing has hosted numerous international and national sporting events, the most notable was the 2008 Summer Olympic and Paralympic Games. Other multi-sport international events held in Beijing include the 2001 Universiade and the 1990 Asian Games. Single-sport international competitions include the Beijing Marathon (annually since 1981), China Open of Tennis (1993–97, annually since 2004), ISU Grand Prix of Figure Skating Cup of China (2003, 2004, 2005, 2008, 2009 and 2010), WPBSA China Open for Snooker (annually since 2005), International Cycling Union Tour of Beijing (since 2011), 1961 World Table Tennis Championships, 1987 IBF Badminton World Championships, the 2004 AFC Asian Cup (football), and 2009 Barclays Asia Trophy (football). Beijing will host the 2015 IAAF World Championships in Athletics.
The city hosted the second Chinese National Games in 1914 and the first four National Games of the People's Republic of China in 1959, 1965, 1975, 1979, respectively, and co-hosted the 1993 National Games with Sichuan and Qingdao. Beijing also hosted the inaugural National Peasants' Games in 1988 and the sixth National Minority Games in 1999.
In November 2013, Beijing and Zhangjiakou made a joint bid to host the 2022 Winter Olympics.
Venues.
Major sporting venues in the city include the National Stadium, also known as the "Birds' Nest", National Aquatics Center, also known as the "Water Cube", National Indoor Stadium, all in the Olympic Green to the north of city center; the MasterCard Center at Wukesong west of the city center; the Workers' Stadium and Workers' Arena in Sanlitun just east of city center and the Capital Arena in Baishiqiao, northeast of the city center. In addition, many universities in the city have their own sporting facilities.
Clubs.
Professional sports teams based in Beijing include:
The Beijing Olympians of the American Basketball Association, formerly a Chinese Basketball Association team, kept their name and maintained a roster of primarily Chinese players after moving to Maywood, California in 2005.
Transportation.
Beijing is an important transport hub in North China with five ring roads, nine expressways, eleven National Highways, nine conventional railways, and two high-speed railways converging on the city.
Rail and high-speed rail.
Beijing serves as a large rail hub in China's railway network. Ten conventional rail lines radiate from the city to: Shanghai (Jinghu Line), Guangzhou (Jingguang Line), Kowloon (Jingjiu Line), Harbin (Jingha Line), Baotou (Jingbao Line), Qinhuangdao (Jingqin Line), Chengde (Jingcheng Line), Tongliao, Inner Mongolia (Jingtong Line), Yuanping, Shanxi (Jingyuan Line) and Shacheng, Hebei (Fengsha Line). In addition, the Datong–Qinhuangdao Railway passes through the municipality to the north of the city.
Beijing also has three high-speed rail lines: the Beijing-Tianjin Intercity Railway, which opened in 2008; the Beijing-Shanghai High-Speed Railway, which opened in 2011; and the Beijing–Guangzhou High-Speed Railway, which opened in 2012.
The city's main railway stations are the Beijing Railway Station, which opened in 1959; the Beijing West Railway Station, which opened in 1996; and the Beijing South Railway Station, which was rebuilt into the city's high-speed railway station in 2008. As of 1 July 2010, Beijing Railway Station had 173 trains arriving daily, Beijing West had 232 trains and Beijing South had 163. The Beijing North Railway Station, first built in 1909 and expanded in 2009, had 22 trains.
Smaller stations in the city including Beijing East Railway Station and Qinghuayuan Railway Station handle mainly commuter passenger traffic. The Fengtai Railway Station has been closed for renovation. In outlying suburbs and counties of Beijing, there are over 40 railway stations.
From Beijing, direct passenger train service is available to most large cities in China. International train service is available to Mongolia, Russia, Vietnam and North Korea. Passenger trains in China are numbered according to their direction in relation to Beijing.
Roads and expressways.
Beijing is connected by road links to all parts of China as part of the National Trunk Road Network. Nine expressways of China serve Beijing, as do eleven China National Highways. Beijing's urban transport is dependent upon the five "ring roads" that concentrically surround the city, with the Forbidden City area marked as the geographical center for the ring roads. The ring roads appear more rectangular than ring-shaped. There is no official "1st Ring Road". The 2nd Ring Road is located in the inner city. Ring roads tend to resemble expressways progressively as they extend outwards, with the 5th and 6th Ring Roads being full-standard national expressways, linked to other roads only by interchanges. Expressways to other regions of China are generally accessible from the 3rd Ring Road outward.
Within the urban core, city streets generally follow the checkerboard pattern of the ancient capital. Many of Beijing's boulevards and streets with "inner" and "outer" are still named in relation to gates in the city wall, though most gates no longer stand. Traffic jams are a major concern. Even outside of rush hour, several roads still remain clogged with traffic.
Beijing's urban design layout further exacerbates transportation problems. The authorities have introduced several bus lanes, which only public buses can use during rush hour. In the beginning of 2010, Beijing had 4 million registered automobiles. By the end of 2010, the government forecast 5 million. In 2010, new car registrations in Beijing averaged 15,500 per week.
Towards the end of 2010, the city government announced a series of drastic measures to tackle traffic jams, including limiting the number of new license plates issued to passenger cars to 20,000 a month and barring cars with non-Beijing plates from entering areas within the Fifth Ring Road during rush hour.
Air.
Beijing's primary airport is the Beijing Capital International Airport (IATA: PEK) about northeast of the city center. The airport is the second busiest airport in the world after Hartsfield-Jackson Atlanta International Airport. After renovations for the 2008 Olympics, the airport now boasts three terminals, with Terminal 3 being one of the largest in the world. Most domestic and nearly all international flights arrive at and depart from Capital Airport. It is the main hub for Air China and a hub for China Southern and Hainan Airlines. The airport links Beijing with almost every other Chinese city with regular air passenger service.
The Airport Expressway links the airport to central Beijing; it is a roughly 40-minute drive from the city center during good traffic conditions. Prior to the 2008 Olympics, the 2nd Airport Expressway was built to the airport, as well as a light rail system, which now connects to the Beijing Subway.
Other airports in the city include Liangxiang, Nanyuan, Xijiao, Shahe and Badaling. These airports are primarily for military use and are less well known to the public. Nanyuan serves as the hub for only one passenger airline. A second international airport, to be called Beijing Daxing International Airport, is currently being built in Daxing District, and is expected to be open by 2017.
From January 1, 2013, tourists from 45 countries will be allowed to enjoy a 72-hour visa-free stay in Beijing. The 45 countries include Singapore, Japan, the United States, France, Germany, Italy, Spain, Canada, Brazil, Argentina and Australia. The programme benefits transit and business travellers.
Public transit.
The Beijing Subway, which began operating in 1969, now has 17 lines, 227 stations, and of track and is the second longest subway system in the world and third in annual ridership with 2.46 billion rides delivered in 2012. With a flat fare of ¥2.00 per ride with unlimited transfers on all lines except the Airport Express, the subway is also the most affordable rapid transit in China. The subway is undergoing rapid expansion and is expected to reach 30 lines, 450 stations, in length by 2012. When fully implemented, 95% residents inside the Fourth Ring Road will be able walk to a station in 15 minutes. The Beijing Suburban Railway provides commuter rail service to outlying suburbs of the municipality.
There are nearly 1,000 public bus and trolleybus lines in the city， including four bus rapid transit lines. Standard bus fares are as low as ¥0.40 when purchased with the "Yikatong" metrocard.
Taxi.
Metered taxi in Beijing start at ¥13 for the first , ¥2.3 Renminbi per additional and ¥1 per ride fuel surcharge, not counting idling fees which are ¥2.3 (¥4.6 during rush hours of 7-9 am and 5-7 pm) per 5 minutes of standing or running at speeds lower than . Most taxis are Hyundai Elantras, Hyundai Sonatas, Peugeots, Citroëns and Volkswagen Jettas. After , the base fare increases by 50% (but is only applied to the portion "over" that distance). Between 11 pm and 5 am, there is also a 20% fee increase. Rides over and between 23:00 and 06:00 incur both charges, for a total increase of 80%. Tolls during trip should be covered by customers and the costs of trips beyond Beijing city limits should be negotiated with the driver. The cost of unregistered taxis is also subject to negotiation with the driver.
Bicycles.
Beijing has long been well known for the number of bicycles on its streets. Although the rise of motor traffic has created a great deal of congestion and bicycle use has declined, bicycles are still an important form of local transportation. Large numbers of cyclists can be seen on most roads in the city, and most of the main roads have dedicated bicycle lanes. Beijing is relatively flat, which makes cycling convenient. The rise of electric bicycles and electric scooters, which have similar speeds and use the same cycle lanes, may have brought about a revival in bicycle-speed two-wheeled transport. It is possible to cycle to most parts of the city. Because of the growing traffic congestion, the authorities have indicated more than once that they wish to encourage cycling, but it is not clear whether there is sufficient will to translate that into action on a significant scale.
Education.
Beijing is home to a great number of colleges and universities, including Peking University and Tsinghua University (two of the National Key Universities). Owing to Beijing's status as the political and cultural capital of China, a larger proportion of tertiary-level institutions are concentrated here than in any other city in China (at least 70). Many international students from Japan, Korea, North America, Europe, Southeast Asia, and elsewhere come to Beijing to study every year, some through third party study abroad providers such as IES Abroad and others as part of an exchange program with their home universities. The schools are administered by China's Ministry of Education.
Nature and wildlife.
Beijing Municipality has 20 nature reserves that have a total area of . The mountains to the west and north of the city are home to a number of protected wildlife species including leopard, leopard cat, wolf, red fox, wild boar, masked palm civet, raccoon dog, hog badger, Siberian weasel, Amur hedgehog, roe deer, and mandarin rat snake. The Beijing Aquatic Wildlife Rescue and Conservation Center protects the Chinese giant salamander, Amur stickleback and mandarin duck on the Huaijiu and Huaisha Rivers in Huairou District. The Beijing Milu Park south of the city is home to one of the largest herds of Père David's deer, now extinct in the wild. The Beijing barbastelle, a species of vesper bat discovered in caves of Fangshan District in 2001 and identified as a distinct species in 2007, is endemic to Beijing. The mountains of Fangshan are also habitat for the more common Beijing mouse-eared bat, large myotis, greater horseshoe bat and Rickett's big-footed bat.
The city flowers are the Chinese rose and chrysanthemum. The city trees are the Chinese arborvitae, an evergreen in the cypress family and the Pagoda Tree, also called the Chinese scholar tree, a deciduous tree of the "Fabaceae" family. The oldest scholar tree in the city was planted in what is now Beihai Park during the Tang Dynasty, 1,300 years ago.

</doc>
<doc id="18603751" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18603751" title="Andy Scott (sculptor)">
Andy Scott (sculptor)

Andy Scott is a Scottish figurative sculptor, working in galvanised steel, fibreglass, and cast bronze. 
Biography.
Andy Scott graduated from Glasgow School of Art in 1986 with a BA Hons in Fine Art Sculpture and in 1987 with a Diploma in Postgraduate Studies.
His sculptural practice combines traditional dexterity and draightsmanship with contemporary fabrication techniques, and many of his works are site specific, creating narratives and a powerful sense of place within urban developments.
Scott is based in Maryhill, Glasgow, and specialises in public art. 

</doc>
<doc id="18603752" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18603752" title="Nino Besozzi">
Nino Besozzi

Nino Besozzi (6 February 1901 – 2 February 1971) was an Italian film actor. He appeared in 54 films between 1931 and 1970.
He was born in and died in Milan, Italy.

</doc>
<doc id="18603761" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18603761" title="Stefan Martin">
Stefan Martin

Stefan Martin is a professional Australian rules footballer currently playing for the Brisbane Lions.
Martin was drafted by Melbourne with their 3rd pick in the 2008 Pre-season Draft from the Sandringham Zebras (VFL). He made his debut in Round 14 for Melbourne's match against the Brisbane Lions at the MCG.
Martin is a marking ruckman, but is mostly used in defence when playing for Melbourne.
On the 26th of October, 2012, Martin was traded to the Brisbane Lions.

</doc>
<doc id="18603771" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18603771" title="Goolwa Airport">
Goolwa Airport

Goolwa Airport is an airport located northwest of Goolwa, South Australia.
The airport hosts the Goolwa Classic Air Show, the biggest non-military air show in South Australia.
Runway.
Goolwa Airport has three runways:
Flying school.
There is an approved RA-Aus FTF (Recreational Aviation Australia) located on the airfield: flyingonline.biz

</doc>
<doc id="18603772" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18603772" title="Wrestling at the 1984 Summer Olympics – Men's freestyle 74 kg">
Wrestling at the 1984 Summer Olympics – Men's freestyle 74 kg

The Men's Freestyle 74 kg at the 1984 Summer Olympics as part of the wrestling program were held at the Anaheim Convention Center, Anaheim, California.
Tournament results.
The wrestlers are divided into 2 groups. The winner of each group decided by a double-elimination system. 

</doc>
<doc id="18603774" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18603774" title="Housing Commission of Victoria">
Housing Commission of Victoria

The Housing Commission of Victoria (colloquially known as the Housing Commission) was a State Government body responsible for public housing in Victoria, Australia. Responsible to the Victorian Minister for Housing, it was established in 1938 and existed until replaced by the Victorian Office of Housing.
Its most notable legacy was the tens of thousands of buildings either acquired or constructed to provide more affordable housing for residents of Melbourne and other Victorian towns, including the construction of 40–45 individual precast concrete high-rise apartments in inner Melbourne. Though the Commission arguably often operated with the best of intentions, few would agree that its influence was benign or that its original ideal of replacing slums with modern and functional housing (and communities) was met. The high-rise apartments are popularly considered as a scar on the Melbourne cityscape, and successive governments have actively worked towards their demolition or gentrification.
History.
The Commission was established over the "Housing Act 1937" in response to slum housing in Melbourne, and worked under the "Slum Reclamation and Housing Act 1938". The mission was 'slum abolition' driven by the zeal of Christian and other social reformers, but later became 'slum clearance' and 'block demolition'.
The Commission presided over the construction of the Melbourne Olympic Village in 1956, and made its mark on the Melbourne skyline during the 1960s in the form of high-rise blocks of flats on various sites around inner Melbourne, the largest of which being Lygon Street in Carlton and Atherton Gardens in Fitzroy. Approximately twenty of these precast concrete 20 to 30 storey height buildings were constructed around Melbourne, until the type of development fell into disrepute, mainly for sociological reasons. By 1970 nearly 4000 privately owned dwellings had been compulsory acquired and replaced by nearly 7000 high rise flats. 
Production then moved to low rise walk up and single dwelling units, with about 10,000 homes using locally engineered design and erection methods constructed using the technology. Public housing was also built in regional Victorian cities, such as Wangaratta, Wodonga and Geelong.
Slum Reclamation.
In the midst of the economic conditions caused by the Great Depression, the overcrowded conditions in the inner suburban areas of Melbourne had created a 'housing crisis'. Oswald Barnett, active in campaigning against slums and his 'study group' led the Victorian Government to establish the Housing Investigation and Slum Abolition Board (HISAB) in July 1936, to investigate housing conditions in these areas. HISAB's 1937 report found 3,000 houses 'unfit for habitation' and recommended the establishment of the Housing Commission with John O’Connor the Commission's first chairman, while Oswald Barnett, Oswald Burt and Frances Penington were appointed as part-time commissioners. In the next few years, the Commission moved thousands from the slums to new housing, improving conditions but also encountering problems along the way.
The Housing Commission of Victoria was established under the "Housing Act 1937" to improve existing housing conditions and to provide adequate housing for persons of limited means; the "Slum Reclamation Act 1938" and the "Reclamation and Housing (Financial) Act 1938" provided the framework for the Commission's work. On the passing of the legislation, the Victorian Premier, Albert Dunstan, declared the beginning of the Commission's activities as a 'war on slums', but also recognised the magnitude of the task before it. The legislation not only gave the Commission powers for housing construction and improvement, but also made it 'a planning authority in its own right'. The Commission's chief concerns however, were the 'slum pockets' which required 'excision' for the 'common good'. The Commission developed a plan of action in March 1938, concentrating its attention on 1,240 houses in lanes, rights-of-way and slum pockets, referred to in HISAB's earlier report. Slums were to be reclaimed and people rehoused.
To house the people moved from the slum areas, the Commission needed to provide new homes. The Commission's first estate was the Garden City development at Fisherman's Bend. Next was the development of flats at Pigdon Street, Carlton, though the original proposal for three storey flats was reduced to two storeys after local opposition. The Commission then began to acquire cheap land in the northern suburbs of Coburg, Brunswick, Preston and Northcote as well as in inner suburban areas such as North Melbourne, Fitzroy and Richmond. These estates and acquisitions were the first of many.
The Commission's acquisition plans were ambitious and it was bound to come across difficulties. The synchronisation of the 'demolition program' was proving difficult and by June 1940, only 53 families had moved into new houses while only 99 houses had been ordered for demolition. The Commission also had difficulties dealing with local municipalities, in acquiring properties in the North Melbourne reclamation area as well as with the labour movement, who believed that the government should subsidise loans to enable workers to buy homes rather than rent them. The rehousing of those from the slums was a difficult task.
As a landlord, the Commission also experienced problems. Tenants were initially reluctant to move, while rents on the estates were more expensive than in their former accommodation. At Fisherman's Bend, there was tension between tenants of the Commission's estate and those who had bought homes under an earlier housing program; vandalism was also a problem, both at Fisherman's Bend and in the West Brunswick estate. Frances Penington, who was also a social worker, advocated for community facilities to be built at the estates to alleviate some of these problems, these were built after protracted debate by others on the Commission. Transportation costs from the new estates to places of employment were also an issue. Despite these issues, residents 'adjusted to their new homes and locations' and appreciated the 'better home environment'.
By 1942, building had halted as the Commission shifted its focus to post-war planning. It continued to acquire land though, taking advantage of low prices by purchasing land in industrial areas in the western suburbs as well as in the middle class eastern and southern suburbs. The Commission, in its planning authority capacity had also drawn up plans for the future development of Melbourne but by 1944, it was lacking resources to deal with backlogs of council plans. The Commission recruited Frank Heath from its advisory Architects Panel to deal with these problems but it was stripped of its town planning powers later in the same year. The Commission's 1944 report found that housing was required in 'large numbers as quickly as possible to house those recently returned to civilian life and catch up on the lag of construction over the war years'. The era of slum reclamation was over.
While the Commission was planning for the future, so were its commissioners. Barnett and Burt published "Housing the Australian Nation", reviewing the slum reclamation, but also putting forward their plans for a national housing policy. Barnett, Burt and Heath published "We Must Go On" calling for a fairer society and centralised planning. By now, housing for growing numbers was the main concern.
The Housing Commission achieved a lot in these early years. The Commission had reclaimed slums and provided housing for many in new estates. In doing this though, it also encountered difficulties. With the end of the war approaching, the increasing housing shortage as well as the large numbers returning from war meant that the Commission shifted its focus from reclaiming slums to become a housing provider.
1960s high rises.
There are 20 or 21 sites, spread across 14 suburbs in Melbourne that contain around 40–45 high rises in total. The largest sites contain 4 buildings each; Elizabeth St, Richmond, Atherton Gardens, Fitzroy and Racecourse Rd, Flemington. Other large sites contain 3 buildings; Boundary Rd, North Melbourne and Malvern Rd, Prahran. The high-rise buildings vary between 20–30 storeys in height and come in a variety of shapes, when viewed from the air these appear as; S, T, Y, I, L and C-shape, the most common being the S-shape. The high-rises have become pop-culture icons, being synonymous with ambitious government projects and ideas that become compromised, and are used for various film and photographic work.

</doc>
<doc id="18603783" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18603783" title="Ross Montgomery">
Ross Montgomery

Ross Montgomery (born 16 October 1962) is a Scottish darts player who plays for the British Darts Organisation. His nickname is The Boss.
Darts career.
Montgomery plays in the East Kilbride & District Darts League and in the Glasgow Premier League. He is a multiple time Rutherglen / East Kilbride singles champion.
Montgomery qualified for the 2006 BDO World Championships along with players like Brian Woods and eventual champion Jelle Klaasen of the Netherlands. Montgomery was drawn in the first round with another Dutchman Vincent van der Voort, losing 3-1 in sets.
He followed this, however, by reaching the final of the Scottish Open, beating Gary Robson and Michael van Gerwen before losing in the final to Sweden's Goran Klemme, runner-up in the 2005 World Masters. He played in the 2007 International Darts League, beating PDC player Chris Mason, Belgium's Dirk Hespeels and avenged his Lakeside defeat by van der Voort to win Group 4 with a 100% record. He wasn't able to repeat his performances in the Last 32 Group Stage, losing all 3 of his games in Group D to Martin Atkins, Scott Waites and group winner Raymond van Barneveld. Montgomery produced a good run in the Winmau World Masters, reaching the last 16 of the tournament, losing to Atkins.
In 2008, Montgomery won the newly created EDO England Open, which was run by the newly formed "English Darts Organisation". He scored wins over Johnny Nijs, Ted Hankey, Gary Robson and Edwin Max before beating another Scotsman Gary Anderson in the final. He then reached the final of the inaugural BDO International Open, an event formerly known as the BDO England Open, losing to Davy Richardson. On 26 July 2008 Montgomery won his second event of the year, winning the British Classic, again beating Anderson in the final. Montgomery regained the British Classic crown in 2010, defeating Stuart Kellett in the final.
These performances helped Montgomery earn automatic qualification for the 2009 BDO World Championships as the number 10 seed. He defeated Welshman Martin Phillips in the first round but lost in round two to eventual champion Ted Hankey. He entered the tournament the following year as the Number 6 seed, but wasted six darts to win his first round match and lost to Garry Thompson.
Montgomery won the 2010 British Classic as well as the 2010 Zuiderduin Masters, his inaugural major title, where he came from 4-0 down in sets to win 5-4 against Robbie Green, also surviving three match darts. At the 2011 BDO World Darts Championship, Montgomery was beaten 3-1 in sets by Alan Norris.
Montgomery reached the semi-finals of the 2011 Winmau World Masters where he was beaten in a deciding leg by Dean Winstanley. In the 2012 BDO World Championship, Montgomery reached the second round for only the second time courtesy of a 3-1 win over Fabian Roosenbrand in the first round, but was subsequently defeated 4-1 by eventual runner-up Tony O'Shea.
Montgomery was defeated in the first round of the 2013 BDO World Darts Championship 3-1 by Paul Jennings, having had four darts to lead 2-1. Montgomery lead Scotland to gold in the men's team event at the WDF World Cup in 2013 alongside team-mates Gary Stone, Craig Baxter and Alan Soutar. Scotland defeated America 9-7 in the team final. England were crowned the overall world champions, but Montgomery helped Scotland win silver in the overall competition.
Montgomery reached the semi-finals of the 2013 Zuiderduin Masters, losing to eventual champion James Wilson. He followed this with a narrow 3-2 first round win at the 2014 World Championship over qualifier Michael Meaney, after Meaney missed seven darts to take a 2-0 lead in the deciding set. Montgomery faces three-time champion Martin Adams in round two.
Personal life.
Montgomery played American Football for the Glasgow Diamonds for 11 years and met his wife Dorothy while she was a cheerleader for the team. He was forced to retire through injury and took up darts instead. He and his wife Dorothy have a son Scott (born 1993) and daughters Alisha (born 1998) and Gemma (born 2000).

</doc>
<doc id="18603788" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18603788" title="2008 Twenty20 Cup knockout stage">
2008 Twenty20 Cup knockout stage

The knockout stage of the 2008 Twenty20 Cup comprises the quarter-finals, semi-finals and final of the 2008 Twenty20 Cup. The top two teams from each of the three groups progressed to the quarter finals along with the two best placed third teams. The teams were redrawn and played one knockout match to decide the semi-finalists. Finals day was held on 26 July 2008.
Quarter-Finals.
7 July.
Durham Dynamos v Yorkshire Carnegie.
The match at the Riverside was postponed in bizarre circumstances. The ECB received allegations about Yorkshire fielding an ineligible player in their final group game, against the Nottinghamshire Outlaws.
In an original meeting on 10 July, Yorkshire were summoned to Old Trafford and were told that they were to be thrown out of the tournament, with Nottinghamshire to be reinstated in the draw. However, Yorkshire appealed and at a second meeting held on 14 July, their appeal was heard and rejected, but this time Glamorgan were placed into the draw on a superior run rate. This was because Nottinghamshire were not awarded the points to the 27 June game.
Essex Eagles v Northamptonshire Steelbacks.
Essex qualify for Finals Day, after a 59-run win at Chelmsford. Ravi Bopara top scored with a 26-ball 47, and was backed up by Graham Napier who added a 20-ball 40, to his record knock of 152* in the group stages. Grant Flower also added 33 from 31 deliveries, as Essex enjoyed the best of conditions, recording three 50+ partnerships. They ended on a total of 192 for 9, after losing their last five wickets for the princely sum of two runs, with South Africans Nicky Boje and Andrew Hall picking up two wickets each.
Rain revised the Northamptonshire target to 175 in 18 overs, and never looked likely to reach that target, with the top five batsmen only scoring eleven runs between them. In fact, only three batsmen made double figures, as the Steelbacks fell a long way short, having recovered from 27 for 5. Boje top scored with an unbeaten knock of 58 from 43 balls, as Napier took 4-10 from his allotted four overs, earning him the man of the match.
8 July.
Middlesex Crusaders v Lancashire Lightning.
Middlesex sealed their place in Finals Day, after a 12-run win at their "home" for one game, The Oval. This was of course down to their normal home of Lord's being used for the First Test against South Africa beginning 10 July. Middlesex made an uncertain start, losing openers Billy Godleman and Owais Shah with only two runs on the board. Things got worse and at one point, the Crusaders were 21 for 4. Coming in at number 6, was Dawid Malan who would go on to record the 24th century in the history of the tournament. Lasting 56 minutes, he scored 103 off 54, and helped to lift the total to 176 for 7 after their 20 overs. This performance also gave Malan man of the match. Only Eoin Morgan and Tyron Henderson would also reach double-figures as Andrew Flintoff was pick of the bowlers, taking 3-17 off his four overs.
Lancashire's reply got off to a similar start to the Middlesex innings, with both openers Gareth Cross and Lou Vincent going cheaply. The third wicket of Stuart Law, fell with only fourteen runs on the scoreboard, and it looked ominous for the Lightning. Flintoff then stepped up, and hit a 41-ball 53, but when he fell to Steven Finn, it looked as if the game was up. Steady knocks from Kyle Hogg and Glen Chapple left the Lightning with eighteen to win, off the final six balls. However, Middlesex held out for victory, and progress to the second semi-final on Finals Day.
9-10 July.
Warwickshire Bears v Kent Spitfires.
Kent kept their chances of retaining the Twenty20 Cup by hammering the Bears by 42 runs in a rain-delayed match at Edgbaston. The match was played on Thursday, as persistent rain had called off the game, 90 minutes before play on Wednesday. Having been put into bat, the Spitfires reached 37, before losing their first wicket, Joe Denly for 27. Coming to the crease with the score at 54 for 3, was hero of Finals Day last season and the man of the match in this game, Darren Stevens. He then proceeded to make a rapid-fire 69, coming from just 32 deliveries. He was the last wicket to fall, as Azhar Mahmood hit big runs towards the end of the innings, hitting two sixes in a 13-ball 25*. This set the Bears, a target of 176.
Losing Neil Carter in the second over, did not help matters for Warwickshire, as they struggled at the beginning of their reply. Jim Troughton and Jonathan Trott fell in quick succession leaving Warwickshire on 42 for 3. The returning Darren Maddy and Ant Botha pushed the score higher, with Maddy scoring 27 off 18 deliveries and Botha top-scored with 35 off nineteen. However, it was to all be in vain, as the Spitfires' bowling attack always kept them below the 8.8 required run rate. Yasir Arafat was the pick of the bowlers with 3-29.
22 July.
Durham Dynamos v Glamorgan Dragons.
Having waited fifteen days to play their quarter-final, Durham progressed to Finals Day on Saturday after a 44-run win at the Riverside. Having been put into bat, the visitors took three early wickets, removing dangermen Phil Mustard, Shivnarine Chanderpaul and Paul Collingwood, with the score only on 26. After Michael Di Venuto fell, Durham looked to be in some trouble. However, a fifth wicket partnership of 53 between Will Smith and captain Dale Benkenstein pushed the score up. Smith made 51 as Durham set a target of 164, for Glamorgan to chase. It could've been somewhat lower had it not been for virtuoso innings by Gareth Breese, smashing 20 off just 9 balls, and Liam Plunkett who hit 12* off 3. James Harris took 3 wickets, but accounted for around a quarter of the runs conceded.
The Glamorgan reply could not have gotten off to a worse start, losing opener Richard Grant very first ball. David Hemp soon followed, becoming Plunkett's second victim, with only seven runs on the board. Glamorgan were always struggling with the run-rate, with most of the top-order recording strike rates of below 100. Only four players made it to double figures, with Jamie Dalrymple top scoring with 32, and had stern support from wicket-keeper Mark Wallace, who fired 26 off sixteen deliveries. However, Glamorgan fell a long way short with Plunkett, the pick of the Durham attack, taking 3-16 off three overs. 
Finals Day.
Durham, Middlesex, Kent and Essex qualified for the semi-finals from their quarter final ties. Durham were drawn to play Middlesex and Essex played Kent on 26 July 2008. Kent and Middlesex progressed to the final, which was won by Middlesex by 3 runs.

</doc>
<doc id="18603795" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18603795" title="HMS Martin (1790)">
HMS Martin (1790)

HMS "Martin" was a 16-gun sloop of the Royal Navy. She served at the Battle of Camperdown in 1797 and captured two privateers before she disappeared in 1800.
Construction and commissioning.
"Martin" was a , built to a design by John Henslow and ordered from Woolwich Dockyard on 17 January 1788. Master Shipwright John Nelson worked on her until until August 1790, after which William Rule completed her. She was launched on 8 October 1790 and commissioned on 13 January 1791, having cost a total of £8,732 to build, with a further £1,674 spent on fitting out.
Career.
"Martin"’s first commander was George Duff, under whom she sailed off the East coast of Scotland. On 17 March 1792, in the Firth of Forth, the brig "Paisley" ran into the "Hales Castle", which sank. "Paisley" rescued three of "Hales Castle"s six crew and "Martin" rescued the other three.
"Martin" came under the command of Commander Richard Lane in February 1793, followed by Commander James Newman in May 1794 and then Commander Charles Garnier in August 1794. Commander William Lobb took over the "Martin" in April 1795, during which time she served as a Royal escort for Princess Caroline of Brunswick. Samuel Sutton received promotion to Commander on 1 September 1795 and replaced Lobb. "Martin" departed Britain for the West coast of Africa on 10 December 1795, followed by a voyage to Jamaica. 
Returning to British waters, on 14 February 1797 "Martin" and HMS "Espion" captured the privateer "Buonaparte" in the North Sea. "Buonaparte" was armed with sixteen 6-pounder guns (eight of which she threw overboard during the chase), and one long 12-pounder gun. She had a crew of 110, of whom 82 were on board. She had sailed from Cherburg on the 1st of the month, but had captured only a sloop in ballast, which the British were able to recapture.
While "Martin" was the North Sea she also transported the Duc d'Angoulême, the future Charles X of France from Leith to Cuxhaven. On 27 June Sutton's service brought him promotion to post-captain.
"Martin" immediately came under the command of Charles Paget, under whom she was present at the Battle of Camperdown on 11 October 1797. There she served to repeat signals for the starboard, or weather division under Admiral Adam Duncan, who was also the overall commander. In 1847 the Admiralty issued the Naval General Service Medal with clasp "Camperdown" to the 298 surviving claimants from the action.
In November 1797 "Martin" was commanded by Commander John Cleland, followed by Commander William Renton in January 1798. In August, "Martin" captured "Three Greenland Vessels and One Dogger". "Martin" also shared in the capture on 24 October of the Dutch frigate "Waakzaamheid". The primary captor was , which took the "Waakzaamheid" and the "Furie" in the Texel. "Waakzaamheid" was under the command of Senior Captain Neirrop. She was armed with twenty-four 9-pounder guns on her main deck and two 6-pounders on her forecastle. She had 100 Dutch seamen aboard her, as well as 122 French troops, and was carrying 2000 stands of arms as well as other ordnance stores. "Waakzaamheid" put up no struggle. The sloop , and the hired armed cutter "Diligente", also shared in the capture.
Renton, while dining with another naval officer in Harwich in February 1799, went to an adjoining room and committed suicide with a pistol. Renton apparently "had for some time discovered the symptoms of a deranged mind".
His successor was Commander the Hon. Michael Sinclair or St. Clair, the brother of Lord Sinclair. Commander Sinclair then captained the "Martin" in escorting convoys in the North Sea to Denmark.
On 28 April 1799 "Martin" captured the privateer cutter "Vengeur" some five leagues off the Skaw. "Vengeur" was in company with a lugger and another cutter, both of which escaped. "Vengeur" was armed with 14 guns and had a crew of 105 men under the command of Citizen Charles Louis Tack. (She may have thrown two guns overboard in the chase, and apparently only had 98 men aboard at the time of her capture.) She was out of Christiansand and had taken nothing.
The ship operated out of Leith harbour at this time. John Brougham, youngest brother of Lord Brougham, was appointed to her as a midshipman and also Charles John Napier, the future admiral, whose father was a friend of Sinclair: "Martin" was Napier's first ship. John Brougham left her at Yarmouth in early 1800 and Napier was transferred to HMS "Renown" in May 1800.
On 27 July "Martin" captured the "Hoffnung". Then on 8 and 9 October she captured the "Noodster"and the "Jonge Isabella".
Fate.
"Martin" disappeared without trace and with all hands in the North Sea in October 1800. She is presumed to have foundered in heavy seas.

</doc>
<doc id="18603801" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18603801" title="Lo vedi come sei... lo vedi come sei?">
Lo vedi come sei... lo vedi come sei?

Lo vedi come sei... lo vedi come sei? is a 1939 Italian comedy film directed by Mario Mattoli and starring Erminio Macario.

</doc>
<doc id="18603804" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18603804" title="Bos Wars">
Bos Wars

Bos Wars (formerly known as Battle of Survival) is an open source, cross-platform real-time strategy video game. The project was started by Tina Petersen in 2004, and the current project leader is François Beerten. The game is written in C++ and Lua with the SDL library.
Bos Wars was on LinuxLinks "42 More of the Best Free Linux Games" list as well as their later top one hundred list.
Bos Wars currently uses a game engine based on the Stratagus engine, and the Stratagus project was merged into the Bos Wars project shortly after the engine change.
Gameplay.
The game map initially starts with a fog of war covering all area which is not covered by the player's units range of view. As the units explore the map, the darkness is removed. Revealed areas which are not in view range are again darkened to hide enemy unit movement on those areas.
All players have the same buildings and units. There is no research in the game so you can instantly build new buildings, aircraft, land vehicles and troops after you have collected enough resources to build them.
The resources in the game are magma and energy. Magma is gathered by engineers or harvesters from rocks or manufactured by magma pumps from hot spots. Energy is gathered by engineers or harvesters from trees or mogrels or manufactured by power plants.
There are three types of structures: basic, unit, and defense. The basic structures are power plants, magma pumps, radar, cameras, and vaults. The unit structures are training camps, vehicle factories, hospitals and aircraft factories. Lastly, the defensive buildings are gun turrets, cannons, and missile silos.
Online Play.
Although an official central server has not been created yet, Bos Wars supports multi-player online play provided that users are able to obtain the IP addresses of potential opponents. Certain web-sites allow users to swap IP addresses easily.

</doc>
<doc id="18603812" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18603812" title="École nationale supérieure des ingénieurs en arts chimiques et technologiques">
École nationale supérieure des ingénieurs en arts chimiques et technologiques

INP-ENSIACET (or A7) is a high-level selective institute. It is part of the National Polytechnic Institute of Toulouse (INPT), which includes 3 other "grandes écoles": INP-ENSAT, INP-ENSEEIHT and INP-ENIT.

</doc>
<doc id="18603814" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18603814" title="Brian Vickers">
Brian Vickers

Brian Lee Vickers (born October 24, 1983 in Thomasville, North Carolina) is an American stock car and sports car racing driver. He is the driver of the No. 55 Toyota Camry for Michael Waltrip Racing in the NASCAR Sprint Cup Series, as well as the No. 20 Toyota Camry for Joe Gibbs Racing in the Nationwide Series. He was the 2003 Busch Series champion, and at age 20, became the youngest champion in any of NASCAR's three top-tier series.
Racing career.
Early years.
Vickers began running go karts in 1994. Over the next three years, he won eighty races in the World Karting Association, and won three championships, including the 1995 championship against three-time winner Mike Schwartz. In 1998, he moved to the Allison Legacy Series, and won five races during the course of the season. After competing in the NASCAR Dodge Weekly Racing Series in 1999, he moved to USAR ProCup; winning Rookie of the Year. He won two races in 2000. In 2001, he won five more races and finished 2nd in points.
Vickers made his Busch Series debut in the 2001 GNC Live Well 250 at Miwaukee in the No. 29 car; owned by his father Clyde Vickers' BLV Motorsports team. He qualified 30th and finished 37th after a crash. Vickers ran three more races that season; his best finish being 25th at North Carolina. In 2002, Vickers began running the Busch Series in his father's No. 40 Dodge Intrepid. He drove in 21 races, competing for Rookie of the Year honors; his best finish was 7th in the Hardee's 250 at Richmond, his only top 10 of the season on his way to finishing 30th in series points.
2003.
Due to a lack of funding for his family-owned team, Vickers was hired to replace Ricky Hendrick in the No. 5 GMAC Chevrolet owned by Hendrick Motorsports. In 2003, Vickers won three races and the championship by 14 points over David Green; becoming the youngest champion in the history of the series at age 20. Vickers made his Cup debut in the 2003 UAW-GM Quality 500 at Charlotte; qualifying 20th and finishing 33rd in the #60 Haas Automation Chevy. He ran four more races that season in Hendrick's #25 UAW/Delphi Chevy; qualifying in the top 5 each time, but posting only one top 20 finish.
2004.
In 2004, Vickers ran the #25 in the Cup series full-time; carrying sponsorship from Ditech and GMAC. He won two poles, had four top tens, and finished third behind Kasey Kahne and Brendan Gaughan for Rookie of the Year.
2005.
In 2005, Vickers won the NEXTEL Open exhibition race. He was right behind Mike Bliss on the last lap. He made an effort to pass Bliss at the last possible moment. Bliss blocked him and they touched bumpers; causing Bliss to spin out and allowing Vickers to win. That qualified him for the annual NEXTEL All-Star Challenge, in which he finished 3rd. Vickers finished the year 17th in Cup points with ten top 10s. He also returned to the Busch Series in a limited capacity in 2005, and finishing third at Watkins Glen in the #5. He drove five other races in the #57.
2006.
Vickers started out the 2006 season with a 7th place finish in the Daytona 500. He went on to finish 15th in points with nine top 10s, including a win at Talladega. However, the season was marred by conflicts within Hendrick Motorsports. On June 25, Vickers announced that he would leave Hendrick and drive for the new Red Bull Team team in 2007. In the UAW-Ford 500, Vickers was running third when he bumped teammate Jimmie Johnson on the last lap; causing both Johnson and Dale Earnhardt, Jr., the leader, to spin out. Vickers went on to score his first victory. Johnson was livid with Vickers, and both he and his crew chief Chad Knaus questioned Vickers' motives with the bump, leading Knaus to state that Vickers had "run out of talent" prior to wrecking his teammate. However, both Johnson and Vickers had a long discussion about what had happened and decided that it was best to move on. This was easily conveyed when Vickers came to congratulate Johnson and Johnson gave him a hug when Johnson won the championship at Homestead. In 2006, he also won a one-off race for Hendrick in the Autozone West Series at Sonoma.
2007.
In 2007, Vickers drove the No. 83 Red Bull Toyota Camry for the new Red Bull team, with crew chief Doug Richert, as a teammate to A. J. Allmendinger.
This season started out poorly when Vickers suffered a blown tire during his qualifying race for the Daytona 500; causing him to fail to qualify. The next week, the team regrouped, however, and scored a tenth place finish in their first outing, the Auto Club 500 at California, which was coincidentally Toyota's first top 10 in the Cup series. Two weeks later, Vickers led Toyota's first lap in the Cup series at Atlanta.
On May 27, 2007, Vickers gave Toyota its first top 5 ever in the Coca-Cola 600. Toyota brought a new engine to Charlotte, and Vickers showed its potential and surprised many by leading more than 70 laps of the race and having the dominant car. However, towards the end of the race, the power steering of the vehicle began to fail, and eventually ceased operation completely. The team's luck continued to decline as Vickers soon blew a tire and slid into the turn four wall. Immediately as Vickers entered pit road, the caution flew for debris on the track; supposedly from his car. This was a saving grace, as it allowed the #83 car to stay on the lead lap; albeit off the pace and out of contention for the win. Crew chief Doug Richert managed to salvage the race through pit strategy; enabling Vickers to score a fifth place finish.
Late in the 2007 season, crew chief Doug Richert was fired from Team Red Bull and replaced by Randy Cox, who was formerly employed on Team Red Bull's Research and Development team. Vickers struggled for the remainder of the season as Team Red Bull began to focus on developing its Car of Tomorrow program, which would start competing full-time the next season. The resulting inattention to its "current car" program severely hampered Vickers' efforts during the remaining races of that platform. It was another problem in a long line for the entire Red Bull organization, as Vickers finished 38th in points and failed to qualify for 13 races while his teammate, A.J. Allmendinger, missed 19 races and finished 43rd.
2008.
In 2008, Vickers, with new crew chief Kevin Hamlin, qualified for the 50th running of the Daytona 500 after racing himself in the field with an 11th place finish in the Gatorade Duel. He went on to make the next 4 races with an average finish of 21st including a 9th place finish at Atlanta where he finished 9th.
Vickers' pit crew won the 2008 Pit Crew Challenge during the All-Star weekend. Vickers went on the next weekend and led 61 laps in the Coca-Cola 600 before he lost his left rear wheel and crashed about halfway through the race.
2009.
For the 2009 season, Vickers got a new crew chief: Ryan Pemberton. It was announced he has picked up an additional sponsor in Mighty Auto Parts.
Vickers' season began with controversy in the Daytona 500. Dale Earnhardt, Jr. got a run on the backstretch to the inside of Vickers, but Vickers blocked. Earnhardt, Jr. clipped the left rear fender; getting Vickers loose sending him into the field. Vickers said after the race that Earnhardt should have been black-flagged. Earnhardt later stated that he was unaware that Vickers was a lap down, and that both were fighting for the Lucky Dog position. Earnhardt later apologized.
Vickers won the pole for the Auto Cub 500, but had to go to the rear because of an engine change. Vickers went on to finish 10th.
Vickers ran in the top five all day during the Kobalt Tools 500. In the final laps, Vickers was chasing down Kurt Busch for the win, but Robby Gordon blew a tire to bring out the caution; allowing Jeff Gordon and Carl Edwards to catch Vickers on the restart. Vickers finished 5th.
Vickers won his 2nd pole of the season for the Crown Royal 400 at Richmond. Vickers finished 15th in the race.
On June 10, 2009, Team Red Bull pulled off an amazing pit stop in New York City. Brian pulled the #83 Red Bull Toyota to the side of the road and the team changed 4 tires right in Times Square with traffic still moving around them.
Vickers won his 3rd pole of the season for the Lifelock 400 at Michigan. Vickers never led a lap in the race, but earned a solid 9th place finish.
Vickers won his 4th pole of the season for the Toyota/Save Mart 350 at Sonoma. Vickers finished 16th in the race.
Vickers won his 5th pole of the season for the Lifelock.com 400 at Chicagoland. Vickers finished 7th in the race.
Vickers won his 6th pole of the season at Michigan. He also won the pole for the Carfax 250. In the Nationwide race, he and his former teammate Kyle Busch were racing hard for the lead on the final lap; allowing the NASCAR rookie Brad Keselowski to pass both of them for the win. After the race, Busch confronted Vickers on pit road accusing him of rough driving. Vickers sarcastically said, "Oh man, I tell you, I am so sorry, I forgot that this is the Kyle Busch Show."
The next day, Vickers won the Carfax 400 from the pole for his second career Sprint Cup victory, Red Bull's first victory, and Toyota's first victory at Michigan. He did so after a late race gamble of not coming in to pit during the race's final caution. On the final restart, Vickers was first and Jimmie Johnson was second. With a little over 40 laps to go, Vickers stayed behind Johnson most of the time; trying to save fuel. With just over 3 laps to go, Johnson ran out of fuel, while Vickers barely had enough to claim the win and do a few burnouts before his car ran out of fuel in the infield. This victory was also the first one for Red Bull Racing and the first for Red Bull's sponsorship in NASCAR.
Two days after the win, Vickers resigned a multi-year extension with Red Bull.
After finishing 7th in the Chevy Rock and Roll 400 at Richmond, Vickers clinched a spot in the 2009 Chase for the Sprint Cup. He would finish 12th in the standings; his highest points finish to date. His six poles in 2009 was 2nd to Mark Martin's seven for most poles of the year.
2010.
On May 13, 2010, it was announced that Vickers, who had earned three top 10s in the first 11 races, would not be participating in the Autism Speaks 400 at Dover International Speedway due to an undisclosed medical condition, later revealed to be blood clots in his legs and around his lungs. Casey Mears was announced as his replacement. This ended a streak of 87 consecutive starts, which dated back to Atlanta in 2007. Vickers hoped to run a handful of laps before handing the car over to a relief driver in order to earn points, but was not medically cleared.
On May 21, 2010, six days after being released from a hospital for the aforementioned blood clot issue, it was announced that Vickers would miss the remainder of the season. His replacements were Casey Mears, Reed Sorenson, Mattias Ekstrom, Boris Said, and Kasey Kahne. Vickers' abbreviated 2010 season consisted of three top 10's in eleven races.
2011.
Vickers was clear to race in 2011. His season started out in the big one at Daytona, where he would finish 31st. A week later at Phoenix, he was involved in the big one again when Matt Kenseth got into the back of him; triggering a 13 car pileup. Vickers was involved in two other notable run-ins with Kenseth in the fall races at Martinsville and Phoenix as well as run-ins with Tony Stewart at Sonoma, Marcos Ambrose at Richmond, and Jamie McMurray at Martinsville. He would finish the year 25th in points with seven top 10's. After season's end, Red Bull shut down its Cup Series team, leaving Vickers without a ride for 2012.
2012.
Vickers started the 2012 season without a ride, but it was announced in early March that he would drive the No. 55 Toyota for Michael Waltrip Racing at both races at Bristol, Martinsville, and Loudon, sharing the ride with Mark Martin and Michael Waltrip. In his first race in the #55, Vickers dominated the first half of the race, leading for 125 laps. He would eventually finish 5th. On March 30, Michael Waltrip Racing announced that Vickers would drive at Sonoma, and Watkins Glen, expanding his race schedule to eight races in the No. 55. Vickers also drove the team's AF Corse-Waltrip #61 Ferrari in the GTE-AM class for the FIA World Endurance Championship at the 6 Hours of Spa and the 24 Heures du Mans. Vickers announced at the fall Martinsville race that he renewed his contract with MWR and will race 9 more times in the #55 car next year sharing the ride with Mark Martin (24) and Michael Waltrip (3). Additionally, Vickers will return to the Nationwide Series full-time, driving for Joe Gibbs Racing.
2013.
For his 2013 season, Vickers performed well at Bristol. His second ride in the #55 at Martinsville was unlucky. He had crashed in the beginning laps and after repairing, got back on the lead lap and then spun around. After again getting back to the lead, on the final lap he beat Danica Patrick for 11th place. Seconds later he was intentionally crashed by Kevin Harvick who was angry with Vickers for prior contact. In reply Vickers bumped Harvick back when entering pit road after the race was over; he climbed out and the two briefly argued. Vickers ran the #11 FedEx Toyota at Texas, Kansas and Richmond for an injured Denny Hamlin. Though Hamlin returned at Talladega for the Aaron's 499, Vickers substituted for him on lap 23, though he was eventually collected in The Big One less than 15 laps after the switch.
At Sonoma, Vickers started in 34th place in his 3rd ride for MWR in the #55 Toyota. He led 4 laps and had a very fast racecar, even though he had to start at the rear of the field because Jason Bowles had qualified the car as Vickers was racing at Road America. While his MWR teammates Martin Truex Jr. and Clint Bowyer ended up in the top ten, with Truex winning, Vickers ended up in 13th place.
Vickers led 63 laps in the Nationwide Series race at New Hampshire Motor Speedway but finished second to Kyle Busch. Ironically, the next day, Vickers held off Busch to win his third career Sprint Cup Series race during the 2013 Camping World RV Sales 301 at New Hampshire after making a late race pass on Tony Stewart, and retaining the lead on a green-white-checkered finish as Stewart ran out of fuel. For Vickers, this broke a 75 race winless streak (not counting the races he had missed in 2010). On August 13, 2013, Vickers was announced as the full-time driver of the No. 55 for the 2014 and 2015 seasons; on August 19, it was announced that following the release of Mark Martin to substitute for the injured Tony Stewart, Vickers would drive the No. 55 in twelve of the season's final 13 races, the exception being Talladega, where Michael Waltrip will drive the car, as previously scheduled.
After the Federated Auto Parts 400 in early September, Vickers was determined to be one of the drivers involved in an attempt to manipulate the race so Michael Waltrip Racing teammate Martin Truex, Jr. would earn a spot in the Chase for the Sprint Cup. The team was fined a record $300,000 and 50 championship points were deducted per car.
On October 14, 2013, it was announced that Vickers would be forced to sit out the rest of the season due to the discovery of a blood clot in his right calf, a similar issue to the one that that caused him to sit out much of 2010; Elliott Sadler substituted for Vickers in the No. 55 Sprint Cup car in the final four races of the season.
2014.
On December 19, 2013, Michael Waltrip Racing announced that Billy Scott had been named Vickers' crew chief for the 2014 season. Scott previously served as lead engineer of the No. 55 team for the past two seasons.
Personal life.
The son of Clyde and Ramona Vickers, Vickers was born in Thomasville, North Carolina. Vickers is a fan of golf and attends several golf-events that NASCAR drivers often host in offseasons. He also loves traveling, hang-gliding and diving underwater. Currently he lives in Daytona Beach, Florida where he spends time with his family and pursues most of his hobbies.

</doc>
<doc id="18603822" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18603822" title="Illyrian languages">
Illyrian languages

The Illyrian languages are a group of Indo-European languages that were spoken in the western part of the Balkans in former times by groups identified as Illyrians: Ardiaei, Delmatae, Pannonii, Autariates, Taulanti (see List of ancient tribes in Illyria). Some sound-changes from Proto-Indo-European to Illyrian and other language features are deduced from what remains of the Illyrian languages, but because there are no examples of ancient Illyrian literature surviving (aside from the Messapian writings if they can be considered Illyrian), it is difficult to clarify its place within the Indo-European language family. Because of the uncertainty, most sources provisionally place the Illyrian language family on its own branch of Indo-European, though its relation to other languages, ancient and modern, continues to be studied.
Classification.
The Illyrian languages are part of the Indo-European language family. The relation of the Illyrian languages to other Indo-European languages—ancient and modern—is poorly understood due to the paucity of data and is still being examined. Today, the main source of authoritative information about the Illyrian language consists of a handful of Illyrian words cited in classical sources, and numerous examples of Illyrian anthroponyms, ethnonyms, toponyms and hydronyms.
Given the scarcity of the data it is difficult to identify the sound changes that have taken place in the Illyrian languages; the most widely accepted one is that the Indo-European voiced aspirates /bʰ/, /dʰ/, /gʰ/ became voiced consonants /b/, /d/, /g/.
A grouping of Illyrian with the Messapian language has been proposed for about a century, but remains an unproven hypothesis. The theory is based on classical sources, archaeology and onomastics. Messapian material culture bears a number of similarities to Illyrian material culture. Some Messapian anthroponyms have close Illyrian equivalents.
A grouping of Illyrian with the Venetic language and Liburnian language, once spoken in northeastern Italy and Liburnia respectively, has also been proposed. The consensus now is that Illyrian was quite distinct from Venetic and Liburnian.
Centum vs. Satem.
In the absence of sufficient lexical data and texts written in the Illyrian languages, the theories supporting the Centum character of the Illyrian language have been based mainly on the Centum character of the Venetic language, which was thought to be related to Illyrian, in particular regarding Illyrian toponyms and names such as "Vescleves", "Acrabanus", "Gentius", "Clausal" etc. The relation between Venetic and Illyrian was later discredited and they are no longer considered closely related.
Scholars supporting the Satem character of the Illyrian languages highlight particular toponyms and personal names such as "Asamum", "Birzinimum" "Zanatis" etc. in which these scholars claim that there is clear evidence of the Satem character of the Illyrian language. They also point to other toponyms including "Osseriates" derived from "/*eghero/" (lake) or "Birziminium" from PIE "/*bherǵh/" or "Asamum" from PIE "/*aḱ-mo/" (sharp).
Regarding the Illyrian toponyms and personal names like "Vescleves", "Acrabanus", "Gentius", "Clausal", the supporters of the Centum character of the Illyrian language have tried to explain those names through comparison with other old documented IE languages, such as Sanksrit or Ancient Greek or reconstructed PIE. For example, "Vescleves" has been explained as PIE "*wesu-ḱlewes" (of good fame). Also, the name "Acrabanus" as a compound name has been compared with Ancient Greek "/akros/" with no signs of palatalization. or "Clausal" has been related to /*"klew"/ (wash, rinse).
In all these cases the supporters of the Centum character of the Illyrian language consider PIE "*ḱ > /*k/" or PIE "*ǵ > /*g/" followed by an "/l/" or "/r/" to be evidence of a Centum character of the Illyrian language. However, it has been shown that even in Albanian and Balto-Slavic, which are Satem languages, in this phonetical position the palatovelars have been generally depalatized (the depalatization of PIE "*ḱ > *k" and "*ǵ > *g" before "/r/" and "/l/" regularly in Albanian).
Even the name "Gentius" or "Genthius" does not help to solve the problem since we have two Illyrian forms "Genthius" and "Zanatis". If "Gentius" or "Genthius" derives from "*ǵen-" (be born) this is proof of a Centum language, but if the name "Zanatis" is similarly generated (or from "*ǵen-" know) than we have a Satem language. Another problem related to the name "Gentius" is the reason that nowadays it can not be stated surely if the initial "/g/" of the sources was a "palatovelar" or a "labiovelar".
Taking into account the absence of sufficient data and sometimes the dual nature of their interpretation the Centum/Satem character of the Illyrian language is still uncertain and requires more evidence.
Possible relation to Albanian.
Beginning in the 18th century, a number of scholars have claimed that the modern Albanian language is descended from Illyrian. However, the Illyrian data, consisting mainly of hydronyms, toponyms, and personal names (some of them dubious and disputed) and appearing in no inscriptions, may not be sufficient to sustain any clear identification of linguistic affinities.
Illyrian dialects.
The Greeks were the first literate people to come into frequent contact with the speakers of Illyrian languages. Their conception of "Illyroi", however, differed from what the Romans would later call "Illyricum". The Greek term encompassed only the peoples who lived on the borders of Macedonia and Epirus. Pliny the Elder, in his work Natural History, applies a stricter usage of the term Illyrii when speaking of "Illyrii proprie dicti" ("Illyrians properly so-called") among the native communities in the south of Roman Dalmatia.
For a couple of centuries before and after the Roman conquest in the late 1st century BC, the concept of Illyricum expanded towards the west and north. Finally it encompassed all native peoples from the Adriatic to the Danube, inhabiting the Roman provinces of Dalmatia, Pannonia and Moesia, regardless of their ethnic and cultural differences. A passage in Appian's "Illyrike" stating that the Illyrians lived beyond Macedonia and Thrace, from Chaonia and Thesprotia to the Danube River, is representative of the broader usage of the term.
An extensive study of Illyrian names and territory was undertaken by Hans Krahe in the first decades of the twentieth century. He and other scholars argued for a broad distribution of Illyrian peoples considerably beyond the Balkans though in his later work, Krahe curbed his view of the extent of Illyrian settlement.
The further refinements of Illyrian onomastic provinces for that Illyrian area included in the later Roman province were proposed by Géza Alföldy. He identified five principal groups: (1) "real Illyrians" south of the river Neretva and extending south of the provincial boundary with Macedonia at the river Drin to include the Illyris of north and central Albania; (2) the "Delmatae" who occupied the middle Adriatic coast between the "real Illyrians" and the Liburni; (3) the "Venetic Liburni" of the northeast Adriatic; (4) the "Japodes" who dwelt north of the Delmatae and behind Liburni, where names reveal a mixture of Venetic, Celtic and Illyrian; and (5) the "Pannonian" people north in Bosnia, Northern Montenegro, and western Serbia.
These identifications were later challenged by Radoslav Katičić who on the basis of personal names which occur commonly in Illyricum distinguished three dialect areas: (1) "South-Eastern Illyrian", extending southwards from the southern part of Montenegro and including most of Albania west of the river Drin, though its demarcation to the south remains uncertain; (2) "Central Illyrian" consisting of most of ex-Yugoslavia, north of southern Montenegro to the west of Morava, excepting ancient Liburnia in the northwest, but perhaps extending into Pannonia in the north; (3) "Liburnian", whose names resemble those of the Venetic territory to the northeast.
The onomastic differences between the "South-Eastern" and "Central" areas are not sufficient to show that two clearly differentiated dialects of Illyrian were in use in these areas. However, as Katičić has argued, the core onomastic area of Illyrian proper is to be located in the southeast of that Balkan region, traditionally associated with the Illyrians (centered in modern Albania).
Illyrian vocabulary.
Since there are no Illyrian texts, sources for identifying Illyrian words have been identified by Hans Krahe as being of four kinds: inscriptions, glosses of Illyrian words in classical texts, names—including proper names (mostly inscribed on tombstones), toponyms and river names—and Illyrian loanwords in other languages. The last category has proven particularly contentious. The names occur in sources that range over more than a millennium, including numismatic evidence, as well as posited original forms of placenames. There are no Illyrian inscriptions (Messapian inscriptions are treated separately, and there is no consensus that they are to be reckoned as Illyrian). The spearhead found at Kovel and thought by some to be Illyrian is considered by the majority of runologists to be Eastern Germanic, and most likely Gothic, while a votive inscription on a ring found near Shkodër which was initially interpreted as Illyrian was shown to actually be Byzantine Greek.
Only a few Illyrian words are cited in classical sources by Roman or Greek writers, and of these only four are identified with an ethnonym "Illyrii" or "Illurioí"; others must be identified by indirect means:
Some additional words have been extracted by linguists from toponyms, hydronyms, anthroponyms, etc.:
Illyrian anthroponyms.
The following anthroponyms derive from Illyrian or are not yet connected with another language unless noted, such as the Delmatae names of Liburnian origin. Alföldy identified five principal onomastic provinces within the Illyrian area: 1) the "real" Illyrians south of the river Neretva in Dalmatia and extending south to Epirus; 2) the Delmatae, who occupied the middle Adriatic coast between the "real Illyrians" to the south and the Liburni to the north; 3) the Liburni, a branch of Venetic in the northeast Adriatic; 4) the Iapodes, who dwelt north of the Delmatae and behind (inland from) the coastal Liburnians; 5) the Pannonians in the northern lands, and in Bosnia, northern Montenegro and Western Serbia. Katičić does not recognize a separate Pannonian onomastic area, and includes the Pannoni with the Delmatae. Below, names from four of Alföldy's five onomastic areas are listed, Liburnian excluded, having been identified as being akin to Venetic. A Dardanian area is also detailed.
Delmatae.
Hundreds of Delmatae names have been recorded. Characteristic names include:
Delmatae names in common with the Pannoni (some also occur among the south Illyrians):
Some Delmatae names probably originate from the Liburnians. This conclusion is based on the Liburnian suffixes: -icus, -ica, -ocus, -ico; and from the distribution of the names among the Liburni/Veneti, and from their absence or scarcity in other onomastic areas:
From the southern Illyrians, the names Boria, Epicadus, Laedicalius, Loiscus, Pinnes and Tato and some others are present. From the Iapodes, Diteio and Ve(n)do, and a few names of Celtic origin (not shown here).
Pannoni.
Some names attested among the Pannoni:
The following names are confined to the Pannonian onomastic province:
Northern Pannoni:
Names attested among the Colapiani, an Illyric tribe of Pannonia:
Among the Jasi: Scenus. The Breuci: Scilus Bato (first and last name), Blaedarus, Dasmenus, Dasius, Surco, Sassaius, Liccaius, Lensus. The Amantini, the Scordisci: Terco, Precio, Dases, Dasmenus.
Illyrian theonyms.
The following names of gods (theonyms) derive from possibly several languages (Liburnian, Illyrian, etc.) and are names of gods worshipped by the Illyrians. We must note that they are known through Interpretatio romana and their names may have been corrupted.
External influences.
The Ancient Greek language would have become an important external influence on Illyrian-speakers who occupied lands adjacent to ancient Greek colonies, mainly on the Adriatic coast. The Taulantii and the Bylliones had, according to Strabo, become bilingual. Invading Celts who settled on lands occupied by Illyrians brought the Illyrians into contact with the Celtic languages and some tribes were Celticized especially those in Dalmatia and the Pannoni. Intensive contact may have happened in what is now Bosnia, Croatia, and Serbia. Due to this intensive contact, and because of conflicting classical sources, it is unclear whether some ancient tribes were Illyrian or Celtic (ex: Scordisci). or mixed in varying degree. Thracians and Paeonians also occupied lands populated by Illyrians, bringing Illyrians into contact with the Thracian language and Paeonian language. Certainly, no serious linguistic study of Illyrian language could be made without the inclusion of Latin, in addition to ancient Greek, Thracian and Celtic languages, as the peoples that spoke those languages were recorded by both ancient and modern historians to have lived in lands inhabited by Illyrians at one period of time in history or another. Last, but certainly not least, any comprehensive study of Illyrian language must take into account the Indo-European glossary.
Celtic.
The following Illyrian names, most of which occur in inscriptions from the upper Neretva river valley near Konjic in Bosnia, derive from Celtic:
Thracian.
The following names derive from Thracian:
Greek.
The following names may derive from Greek:
Latin.
The following names may derive from Latin:
Extinction.
The Illyrian languages were likely extinct between the 2nd and 6th centuries AD. However, it is also possible that Illyrian was preserved and spoken in the countryside as attested in the 4th-5th century testimonies of St. Jerome.

</doc>
<doc id="18603828" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18603828" title="Polunin">
Polunin

Polunin is the name of:

</doc>
<doc id="18603838" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18603838" title="Joe Armstrong">
Joe Armstrong

Joe Armstrong is the name of:

</doc>
<doc id="18603841" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18603841" title="For Your Consideration (album)">
For Your Consideration (album)

For Your Consideration is a 2008 comedy album recorded by American stand-up comedian Kathy Griffin. The album was recorded at the Grand Theatre Center for the Arts in Tracy, California on February 17, 2008. It is Griffin's first audio-only release of her stand-up material. Included on the disc are her takes on various celebrities and her personal life. Griffin stated that she decided to release this CD to try to win a Grammy award. "For Your Consideration" received a Grammy nomination for Best Comedy Album, but lost to George Carlin's "It's Bad for Ya".
Promotion.
In the Spring of 2008, a billboard for the album was placed on Sunset Blvd. Various print advertisements for bus stops, magazines and newspaper circulated from April 2008 to the release date of the album. The theme of the advertisements featured Griffin in an red carpetesque gown desperate for media attention (for which she is famously known). The album also gained its own episode on Griffin's , titled "For Your (Grammy) Consideration".
Chart performance.
The album debuted on the U.S. Billboard 200 at #85, making it the highest-ranked album by a female comedian since 1983, when Joan Rivers reached number 22 with "What Becomes a Semi-Legend Most?" . The album also debuted at #1 on Top Comedy Albums, making her the first female comedian to do so since the chart began in 2004.
For Your Consideration Tour.
To further promote the album, Griffin embarked on an American tour titled "For Your Consideration Tour". The tour began in May 2008 in Hawaii and ended in December 2008 in Los Angeles.

</doc>
<doc id="18603844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18603844" title="Valentino Balboni">
Valentino Balboni

Valentino Balboni is the former chief test driver of Lamborghini, a manufacturer of sports cars in Italy. He retired in October 2008 due to Italian government work regulations, after having served the company for 40 years.
To pay tribute to him in occasion of his retirement, Lamborghini had labeled a 2009 addition to the Gallardo line-up, the LP550-2 Valentino Balboni.
Biography.
Balboni started working for Lamborghini on April 21, 1968 as a mechanic apprentice in the company. Eventually he was personally asked by the founder of the company, Ferruccio Lamborghini, to test-drive the newly built cars alongside Bob Wallace. Valentino Balboni has reportedly driven about 80% of all Lamborghinis ever built. Among the marque aficionados, Balboni has risen to cult status. In 2008, Balboni was still active for the company as the chief test-driver and ambassador. Fluent in English and German, he often appeared at different Lamborghini-related events, such as the unveiling of new models.
In July 2009, Lamborghini announced a special edition run of 250 Gallardo LP550-2 "Valentino Balboni edition" supercars; the company stated that the new car was to be rear-wheel driven in accordance with Balboni's preference for the thrill of cornering a rear-wheel driven vehicle. These vehicles were also made special with a white and gold stripe that runs the center of the car, inspired by sports cars of the 1970s.
Balboni, even though officially retired as chief test driver, has signed a two year contract with Lamborghini as a consultant through 2010 that can be renewed multiple times.
Valentino Balboni said that the first car that got him excited about cars was a silver Bizzarrini GT 5300 that he saw at the Turin car show in 1966.
Media.
Valentino Balboni has made several appearances on television in different documentaries related to Lamborghini such as "Top Gear" "Rides", as well as an episode of 60 Minutes from 1987. In the 2012 film Zero Dark Thirty, one of the characters asks a salesman at a Lamborghini dealer "...is that a Balboni?", referring to the special edition vehicle.

</doc>
<doc id="18603849" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18603849" title="Leech">
Leech

Leeches are segmented worms that belong to the phylum Annelida and comprise the subclass Hirudinea. Like other oligochaetes, such as earthworms, leeches share a clitellum and are hermaphrodites. Nevertheless, they differ from other oligochaetes in significant ways. For example, leeches do not have bristles and the external segmentation of their bodies does not correspond with the internal segmentation of their organs. Their bodies are much more solid as the spaces in their coelom are dense with connective tissues. They also have two suckers, one at each end.
The majority of leeches live in freshwater environments, while some species can be found in terrestrial and marine environments, as well. Most leeches are hematophagous, as they are predominantly blood suckers that feed on blood from vertebrate and invertebrate animals.
Almost 700 species of leeches are currently recognized, of which some 100 are marine, 90 terrestrial and the remainder freshwater taxa.
Leeches, such as the "Hirudo medicinalis", have been historically used in medicine to remove blood from patients. The practice of leeching can be traced to ancient India and Greece, and continued well into the 18th and 19th centuries in both Europe and North America. In modern times, the practice of leeching is much rarer and has been replaced by other contemporary uses of leeches, such as the reattachment of body parts and reconstructive and plastic surgeries and, in Germany, treating osteoarthritis.
Taxonomy and systematics.
Leeches are presumed to have evolved from certain Oligochaeta, most of which feed on detritus. However, some species in the Lumbriculidae are predatory and have similar adaptations as found in leeches. As a consequence, the systematics and taxonomy of leeches is in need of review. While leeches form a clade, the remaining oligochaetes are not their sister taxon, but in a diverse paraphyletic group containing some lineages that are closely related to leeches, and others that are far more distant.
There is some dispute as to whether Hirudinea should be a class itself, or a subclass of the Clitellata. The resolution mainly depends on the eventual fate of the oligochaetes, which as noted above, do not form a natural group as traditionally circumscribed. Another possibility would be to include the leeches in the taxon Oligochaeta, which would then be ranked as a class and contain most of the clitellates. The Branchiobdellida are leechlike clitellates that were formerly included in the Hirudinea, but are just really close relatives.
The more primitive Acanthobdellidea are often included with the leeches, but some authors treat them as a separate clitellate group. True leeches of the infraclass Euhirudinea have both anterior and posterior suckers. They are divided into two groups: Arhynchobdellida and Rhynchobdellida
Anatomy and physiology.
Like other annelids, the leech is a segmented animal. But unlike other annelids, there is no correspondence between the external segmentation of a leech's body surface with the segmentation of its internal organs. The body surface of the animal can be divided into 102 annuli, whereas its internal structures are divided into 32 segments. Of the 32 segments within the body, the first four anterior segments are designated as head segments, which include an anterior brain and sucker. This is followed by 21 midbody segments, which include 21 neuronal ganglia, two reproductive organs, and 9 pairs of testes. Finally, the last seven segments are fused to form the animal's tail sucker, as well as its posterior brain. The leech also has 32 brains because a brain segment is located in each segmentation of the body.
Reproduction and development.
Leeches are hermaphrodites, meaning each has both female and male reproductive organs (ovaries and testes, respectively). Leeches reproduce by reciprocal fertilization, and sperm transfer occurs during copulation. Similar to the earthworms, leeches also use a clitellum to hold their eggs and secrete the cocoon.
During reproduction, leeches use hyperdermic injection of their sperm. They use a spermatophore, which is a structure containing the sperm. Once next to each other, leeches will line up with one's anterior side opposite the other's posterior. The leech then shoots the spermatophore into the clitellur region of the opposing leech, where its sperm will make its way to the female reproductive parts.
The embryonic development of the la occurs as a series of stages. During stage 1, the first cleavage occurs, which gives rise to an AB and a CD blastomere, and is in the interphase of this cell division when a yolk-free cytoplasm called teloplasm is formed. The teloplasm is known to be a determinant for the specification of the D cell fate. In stage 3, during the second cleavage, an unequal division occurs in the CD blastomere. As a consequence, it creates a large D cell on the left and a smaller C cell to the right. This unequal division process is dependent on actinomycin, and by the end of stage 3 the AB cell divides. On stage 4 of development, the micromeres and teloblast stem cells are formed and subsequently, the D quadrant divides to form the DM and the DNOPQ teloblast precursor cells. By the end stage 6, the zygote contains a set of 25 micromeres, 3 macromeres (A, B and C) and 10 teloblasts derived from the D quadrant.
The teloblasts are pairs of five different types (M, N, O, P, and Q) of embryonic stem cells that form segmented columns of cells (germinal band) in the surface of the embryo. The M-derived cells make mesoderm and some small set of neurons, N results in neural tissues and some ventral ectoderm, Q contributes to the dorsal ectoderm and O and P in the leech are equipotent cells (same developmental potential) that produce lateral ectoderm; however the difference between the two of them is that P creates bigger batches of dorsolateral epidermis than O. The sludgeworm "Tubifex", unlike the leech, specifies the O and P lineages early in development and therefore, these two cells are not equipotent. Each segment of the body of the leech is generated from one M, O, P cell types and two N and two Q cells types.
The ectoderm and mesoderm of the body trunk are exclusively derived from the teloblast cells in a region called the posterior progress zone. The head of the leech that comes from an unsegmented region, is formed by the first set of micromeres derived from A, B, C and D cells, keeping the bilateral symmetry between the AD and BC cells.
Digestion.
In most blood-sucking leeches the digestive system starts with the jaws, three blades set at an angle to each other. In feeding they slice their way through the skin of the host, leaving a Y-shaped incision. Behind the blades is the mouth, located ventrally at the anterior end of the body. It leads successively into the pharynx, then the esophagus, the crop, the gizzard, and the intestinum, which ends at the posterior sucker. The crop is a distension of the alimentary canal that functions as an expandable storage compartment. In the crop, some blood-sucking species of leech can store up to five times the body mass of blood. The leech produces an anticoagulant that prevents the stored blood from clotting, plus other agents that inhibit microbial decay of the blood. These measures are so effective that a mature medicinal leech does not need to feed more than twice a year. Possibly as an adaptation, its digestive process is extremely slow.
The bodies of predatory leeches are similar, though instead of jaws many have a protrusible proboscis, which for most of the time they keep retracted into the mouth. Such leeches often are ambush predators that lie in wait till they can strike prey with the proboscises in a spear-like fashion. Some kinds that live on small invertebrates or detritus have neither proboscis nor jaws, but simply engulf their food with the mouth.
Bacteria in the gut were long thought to carry on digestion for the leech, instead of endogenous enzymes that are very low or absent in the intestine. As discovered relatively recently, all leech species studied do produce endogenous intestinal exopeptidases, which can unlink free terminal-end amino acids, one monomer at a time from a gradually unwinding and degrading protein polymer. However, unzipping of the protein can start from either the amino (tail) or carboxyl (head) terminal-end of the protein molecule. The leech exopeptidases (arylamidases), possibly aided by proteases from endosymbiotic bacteria in the intestine, starting from the tail or amino end, slowly but progressively removing many hundreds of individual terminal amino acids for resynthesis into proteins that constitute the leech. Since leeches lack endopeptidases, the mechanism of protein digestion cannot follow the same sequence as it would in all other animals in which exopeptidases act sequentially on peptides produced by the action of endopeptidases. Exopeptidases are especially prominent in the common North American worm-leech "Erpobdella punctata". This evolutionary choice of exopeptic digestion in Hirudinea distinguishes these carnivorous clitellates from Oligochaeta.
Deficiency of digestive enzymes (except exopeptidases), but, more importantly, deficiency of vitamins, B complex for example, in leeches is compensated for by enzymes and vitamins produced by endosymbiotic microflora. In "Hirudo medicinalis", these supplementary factors are produced by an obligatory symbiotic relationship with two bacterial species, "Aeromonas veronii" and a still-uncharacterized "Rikenella" species. Nonbloodsucking leeches, such as "Erpobdella punctata", are host to three bacterial symbionts, "Pseudomonas", "Aeromonas", and "Klebsiella" spp. (a slime producer). The bacteria are passed from parent to offspring in the cocoon as it is formed.
Behavior.
Leeches are able to display a variety of behaviors that allow them to explore their environments and feed on their hosts. Exploratory behavior includes head movements and body waving.
Feeding.
Most leech species do not feed on human blood, but instead prey on small invertebrates, which they eat whole. To feed on their hosts, leeches use their anterior suckers to connect to hosts for feeding. Once attached, leeches use a combination of mucus and suction to stay attached and secrete an anticoagulant enzyme, hirudin, into the hosts' blood streams. Though certain species of leeches feed on blood, not all species can bite; 90% of them feed solely on decomposing bodies and open wounds of amphibians, reptiles, waterfowl, fish, and mammals. A leech attaches itself when it bites, and it will stay attached until it becomes full, at which point it falls off to digest. Due to the hirudin secreted, bites may bleed more than a normal wound after the leech is removed.
Leech saliva are commonly believed to contain anesthetic compounds to numb the bite area, but this has never been proven. Although morphine-like substances have been found in leeches, they have been found in the neural tissues, not the salivary tissues. They are used by the leeches in modulating their own immunocytes and not for anesthesizing bite areas on their hosts. Depending on the species and size, leech bites can be barely noticeable or they can be fairly painful.
Leeches normally carry parasites in their digestive tracts, which cannot survive in humans and do not pose a threat. However, bacteria, viruses, and parasites from previous blood sources can survive within a leech for months, but only a few cases of leeches transmitting pathogens to humans have been reported. A study found both HIV and hepatitis B in African leeches from Cameroon.
Removal and treatment.
One recommended method of removal is using a fingernail or other flat, blunt object to break the seal of the oral sucker at the anterior end of the leech, repeating with the posterior end, then flicking the leech away. As the fingernail is pushed along the person's skin against the leech, the suction of the sucker's seal is broken, at which point the leech will detach its jaws.
Common, but medically inadvisable, techniques to remove a leech are to apply a flame, a lit cigarette, salt, soap, or a chemical such as alcohol, vinegar, lemon juice, insect repellent, heat rub, or certain carbonated drinks. These will cause the leech to quickly detach; however, it will also regurgitate its stomach contents into the wound. The vomit may carry disease, and thus increase the risk of infection.
An externally attached leech will detach and fall off on its own when it is satiated on blood, which may be anywhere from 20 minutes to two hours or more. After feeding, the leech will detach and depart. Internal attachments, such as inside the nasal passage or vaginal attachments, are more likely to require medical intervention.
After removal or detachment, the wound should be cleaned with soap and water, and bandaged. Bleeding may continue for some time, due to the leech's hirudin. Bleeding time will vary, with location, from a few hours to three days. This is a function of the hirudin and other compounds that reduce the surface tension of the blood. Anticlotting medications also affect the bleeding time. Applying pressure can reduce bleeding, although blood loss from a single bite is not dangerous. The wound normally itches as it heals, but should not be scratched, as this may complicate healing and introduce other infections. An antihistamine can reduce itching, and applying a cold pack can reduce pain or swelling.
Some people suffer severe allergic or anaphylactic reactions from leech bites and require urgent medical care. Symptoms include red blotches or an itchy rash over the body, swelling around the lips or eyes, feeling faint or dizzy, and difficulty breathing.
Medicinal use of leeches.
The European medical leech "Hirudo medicinalis" and some congeners, as well as some other species, have been used for clinical bloodletting for thousands of years. The use of leeches in medicine dates as far back as 2,500 years ago, when they were used for bloodletting in ancient India. Leech therapy is explained in ancient Ayurvedic texts. Many ancient civilizations practiced bloodletting, including Indian and Greek civilizations. In ancient Greek history, bloodletting was practiced according to the humoral theory, which proposed that, when the four humors, blood, phlegm, black and yellow bile in the human body were in balance, good health was guaranteed. An imbalance in the proportions of these humors was believed to be the cause of ill health. Records of this theory were found in the Greek philosopher Hippocrates' collection in the fifth century BC. Bloodletting using leeches was one method used by physicians to balance the humors and to rid the body of the plethora.
The use of leeches in modern medicine made a small-scale comeback in the 1980s after years of decline, with the advent of microsurgeries, such as plastic and reconstructive surgeries. In operations such as these, problematic venous congestion can arise due to inefficient venous drainage. Sometimes, because of the technical difficulties in forming an anastomosis of a vein, no attempt is made to reattach a venous supply to a flap at all. This condition is known as venous insufficiency. If this congestion is not cleared up quickly, the blood will clot, arteries that bring the tissues their necessary nourishment will become plugged, and the tissues will die. To prevent this, leeches are applied to a congested flap, and a certain amount of excess blood is consumed before the leech falls away. The wound will also continue to bleed for a while due to the anticoagulant hirudin in the leeches' saliva. The combined effect is to reduce the swelling in the tissues and to promote healing by allowing fresh, oxygenated blood to reach the area.
The active anticoagulant component of leech saliva is a small protein, hirudin. Discovery and isolation of this protein led to a method of producing it by recombinant technology. Recombinant hirudin is available to physicians as an intravenous anticoagulant preparation for injection, particularly useful for patients who are allergic to or cannot tolerate heparin.

</doc>
<doc id="18603884" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18603884" title="Funyula Constituency">
Funyula Constituency

Funyula Constituency is an electoral constituency in Kenya. It is one of four constituencies in Busia District. The constituency was established for the 1997 elections. At independence it was known as Busia Central represented in parliament by the Late James Machio till 1967 upon his death. During the resulting By-elections the seat was won by the Late Habil Kanani who lost the seat to Arthur Ochwada in the General Elections of 1969. Ochwada served one term and lost to Dr. Julia Ojiambo in the General Election of 1974. Dr. Ojiambo served two terms and lost Moody Awori in the snap General Elections of 1983.
Former vice-president Moody Awori used to represent Funyula constituency. Before the constituency was established, he had represented the Busia South and Samia constituencies (both now disestablished).
Wards.
KEY PROFESSIONALS FROM FUNYULA:
Dr. Smokin Wanjala - Judge in the Supreme Court of Kenya
Eng. Mathias Ogama - Structural Engineer in private practice
Mr. Khakhudu Agunda - Renowned journalist/Editor
Dr. JJ Masiga - Dentist and former national star in the Kenyan National team - Harambee Stars
Dr. Julia Ojiambo - former professor of nutrition and a political figure
Mr. Sylvester Namagwa - a Certified Public Accountant of Kenya and a management expert
Dr. Paul Otuoma - Veterinary doctor and a politician
Mr. Eugine Wandera - Software Engineer and politician
Mr. Albert Bwire camus - Management Expert (Commissioner at the Independent Electoral and Boundaries Commission)

</doc>
<doc id="18603889" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18603889" title="Abbandono">
Abbandono

Abbandono is a 1940 Italian drama film directed by Mario Mattoli and starring Corinne Luchaire.

</doc>
<doc id="18603890" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18603890" title="La Schelle Tarver">
La Schelle Tarver

La Schelle Tarver (born January 30, 1959 in Modesto, California) is a former backup outfielder in Major League Baseball who played for the Boston Red Sox during the season. Listed at 5' 11", 165 lb., he batted and threw left-handed.
In a one season career, Tarver was a .120 hitter (3-for-25) with three runs and one RBI in 13 games. He did not have an extrabase or stolen bases. Although he did not steal any bases at the major league level, he was primarily valued for his speed in the outfield and on the base paths. A memorable incident occurred in 1986 when a PA announcer at an opponents ballpark announced him as "Tarver La Schelle".
Tarver also played in the Mets and Red Sox minor league systems (1981–87), hitting .312 with four home runs, 205 RBI, 249 stolen bases, and a .384 on-base percentage in 709 games.

</doc>
<doc id="18603891" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18603891" title="Tanjung Ipoh">
Tanjung Ipoh

Tanjung Ipoh is a small town in Negeri Sembilan, Malaysia. It is located between Terachi, Seri Menanti and Kuala Pilah.

</doc>
<doc id="18603896" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18603896" title="Air Power (TV series)">
Air Power (TV series)

Air Power is a historical educational television series broadcast in the 1950s over the CBS television network dealing with the rise of aviation as a military weapon. It starred Walter Cronkite as the narrator and featured a musical score by Norman Dello Joio.

</doc>
<doc id="18603900" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18603900" title="Leonard Cohen discography">
Leonard Cohen discography

Leonard Cohen is a Canadian singer-songwriter and poet active in music since 1967. Cohen has released 12 studio albums and 6 live albums during the course of a recording career lasting over 45 years, throughout which he has remained an active poet. His entire catalogue is available on Columbia Records. His 1967 debut "Songs of Leonard Cohen" earned an RIAA gold record; he followed up with three more highly acclaimed albums: "Songs From A Room" (1969), "Songs Of Love And Hate" (1971) and "New Skin For The Old Ceremony" (1974), before allowing Phil Spector to produce "Death of a Ladies' Man" for Warner Bros. Records in 1977. Cohen returned to Columbia in 1979 for "Recent Songs", but the label declined to release his next album, "Various Positions" (1984) in the US, leaving it to American shops to import it from CBS Canada. In 1988, Columbia got behind Cohen again and gave full support to "I'm Your Man", which brought his career to new heights, and Cohen followed it with 1992's "The Future". Cohen then took a nine-year hiatus, and returned with "Ten New Songs" in (2001). His newest album, "Old Ideas" (2012), peaked at #3 on the Billboard 200 Album Chart, the highest ranking ever for a Leonard Cohen album. His five live albums include "Live Songs" (1973), "" (1994), "Live in London" (2009) and "Songs from the Road", (2010) from his 2008–2009 world tour, and "Live at the Isle of Wight 1970" (2009).

</doc>
<doc id="18603914" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18603914" title="Cycling at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Men's BMX">
Cycling at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Men's BMX

The men's BMX cycling at the 2008 Summer Olympics took place on August 20–22 at the Laoshan BMX Field, the first to be officially featured in the Olympic cycling program.
Latvia's Māris Štrombergs powered his lead over the eight-strong final squad from the start to grab his nation's first ever gold medal at the Games. He stormed home on a sprint run to a spectacular finish in 36.190, leaving the American duo Mike Day and Donny Robinson far behind at 36.606 and 36.972 only for the silver and bronze medals respectively.
Qualification.
Thirty-two riders representing twenty countries are qualified for the event. Qualification was based on UCI ranking by nations, 2008 UCI BMX World Championships results and wild-cards reserved to a "Tripartite Commission" (IOC, ANOC, UCI).
Competition format.
Each of the 32 men competing performed two runs of the course in individual time trials to determine seeding for the knockout rounds. Then, they were grouped into 4 quarterfinal groups based on that seeding. Each quarterfinal consisted of three runs of the course, using a point-for-place system. The top four cyclists in each quarterfinal (for a total of 16) moved on to the semifinals. The semifinals also used a three-race point-for-place system to determine which cyclists advanced, with the top four in each of the two semifinals moving on to the final. Unlike the previous two rounds, the final consisted of a single race with the first to the finish line claiming the gold medal.
Schedule.
All times are China Standard Time (UTC+8)

</doc>
<doc id="18603932" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18603932" title="Mostich">
Mostich

Mostich (, Old Bulgarian: МОСТИЧЬ) was a high-ranking official in the 10th-century First Bulgarian Empire, during the rule of Simeon I and Peter I. He bore the title of Ichirgu-boil and was most likely the commander of the state capital Preslav's garrison.
Mostich is known from a 10th-century Old Bulgarian epigraph in a church (now known as "Mostich's Church") in the Selishte area of Preslav, then the inner city of the Bulgarian capital. The text was discovered in 1952 by Professor Stancho Vaklinov and is preserved in the National Archaeological Museum. The inscription is Mostich's epitaph, indicating that he was buried in the church: his remains were also found, revealing that he was relatively short (165–170 cm). The text is notable for being the earliest source mentioning the word "Tsar".
It reads as follows:
Mostich Hill on Rugged Island in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica is named after Mostich.

</doc>
<doc id="18603964" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18603964" title="Danny McGrain (footballer born 1953)">
Danny McGrain (footballer born 1953)

Daniel "Danny" McGrain (27 May 1953 – 30 August 2004) was a Scottish footballer who spent his entire senior career with Clyde.
McGrain began his career with junior side Blantyre Victoria, winning the Scottish Junior Cup with them in 1970.
McGrain signed for Clyde in 1971, and made his debut against Aberdeen in a Scottish League Cup tie in August of that year. McGrain was appointed Clyde captain the following season whilst only nineteen years of age, making him the youngest Clyde captain ever, a record which he holds to this day.
In a game against Dundee United in February 1974, McGrain headed the ball off the line, sustaining an injury. He collapsed in the dressing room after the game, and was rushed to hospital with suspected brain damage. McGrain was forced to retire through injury at the start of the 1975–76 season, after playing 109 matches for the club in all competitions. He died in August 2004, after suffering a subarachnoid haemorrhage.

</doc>
<doc id="18603966" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18603966" title="Nerpa">
Nerpa

Nerpa may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18603972" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18603972" title="Daniel Jackson (basketball)">
Daniel Jackson (basketball)

Daniel Alexander Jackson (born 26 April 1988 in Wollongong, New South Wales) is an Australian professional basketball player. He joined the Wollongong Hawks for the 2007/2008 season as a development player. Jackson is a 200 cm forward. He has played in 120 games for the Wollongong Hawks averaging 1.4 points per game.
In his first season Jackson played 22 games averaging 2.8 points, 1.0 rebound and 0.5 assists per game. Jackson came to the Hawks after a season with the Canberra Gunners in the South East Australian Basketball League in 2007. In that year he represented Australia at the under 19 world championships in Novi Sad, Serbia. At that tournament the Australian Emus finished fifth with an 8-1 record. Jackson averaged 10.2 points and 4.9 rebounds per game.
In 2006 Jackson attended the Australian Institute of Sport as a scholarship holder. Jackson played junior basketball for the Illawarra Basketball Association in the NSW basketball association. 

</doc>
<doc id="18603980" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18603980" title="Iamgold">
Iamgold

Iamgold Corporation is a Toronto based international gold producer. The company is engaged in the exploration, development, and production of mineral resource properties throughout the world.
Operations.
Iamgold has an annual production of close to 1 million ounces of gold from operations in North America, South America, and Africa.
In 2008，Iamgold announced an agreement for the sale of La Arena, its Peruvian development copper / gold project, to Rio Alto Mining Limited (Rio Alto).
Mines.
The following mines are operated by the company:
Development projects.
The Company is developing these projects:
Recent history.
Stephen Letwin was appointed President and Chief Executive Officer of Iamgold on November 1, 2010. Letwin held executive positions at Enbridge Inc., TransCanada Energy and TransCanada Pipelines prior to joining Iamgold. He is a certified general accountant and a member of the Certified General Accountants of Ontario. He holds an MBA from the University of Windsor and is a graduate of the Harvard Advanced Management Program.
The company announced on January 23, 2013, that it is reducing exploration activity in Mali as a result of events in this country. This is not expected to impact production at the two mines in Mali where the company holdes an operating interest.

</doc>
<doc id="18603989" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18603989" title="George Rigaud">
George Rigaud

George Rigaud (11 August 1905 – 17 January 1984) was an Argentine film actor. He appeared in 194 films between 1932 and 1981.
He was born in Buenos Aires, Argentina and was killed in a road accident in Madrid, Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="18603993" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18603993" title="Bob Armstrong (disambiguation)">
Bob Armstrong (disambiguation)

Bob Armstrong (born 1939) is an American professional wrestler.
Bob Armstrong may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18604050" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18604050" title="Andretti Winery">
Andretti Winery

Andretti Winery is a boutique winery in the Oak Knoll District portion of Napa, California. 
History.
In 2001 the company conducted a financial transaction in which it sold the to a Napa farming group. The winery then leased back the tasting room and events center. The company has no ownership stake in the nearby vineyards.
The winery is operated by a public company, Andretti Wine Group, that the founders formed in a "reverse public shell merger" in 1995. It raised $3 million via a public offering in 1998, and remains publicly traded.
Wines.
Winemaker Bob Pepi, co-founder with his father of Robert Pepi Winery (now Pepi Winery), and owner of the "Eponymous" winery, has been winemaker since the winery opened in 1996. The winery produces a wide variety of "super-premium" category wines from grapes grown on-site and sourced from various locations in California. It also resells a small quantity of wine imported from Italy.

</doc>
<doc id="18604064" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18604064" title="James Dowdall">
James Dowdall

James Dowdall (date of birth unknown; executed at Exeter, England, 20 September 1600) was a Roman Catholic merchant of Drogheda, Ireland. The Dowdalls of Louth originated at Dovedale in Derbyshire and became prominent in Ireland in the late Middle Ages.James Dowdall, the Lord Chief Justice of Ireland, who died in 1584 was probably a cousin of the martyr.
In the summer of 1598, when returning from France, his ship was driven by stress of weather onto the coast of Devonshire, and he was arrested by William Bourchier, 3rd Earl of Bath, who had him under examination. Dowdall publicly avowed that he rejected the supremacy of Elizabeth I of England, and only recognized that of the Pope. 
The earl forwarded the examination to Sir Robert Cecil, and had Dowdall committed to Exeter jail. Whilst in prison he was tortured and put to the rack, but continued unchanged in his Catholicism. On 18 June 1599, the Earl of Bath wrote to Sir Robert Cecil for instructions in regard to James Dowdall, who had been detained in prison almost a year. Accordingly he was tried at the Exeter assizes, and was ordered to be hanged, drawn, and quartered. 
His name was included in the Apostolic Process of the Irish Martyrs before the Congregation of Sacred Rites. It stalled, apparently because of the uncertainty of identification of the James Dowdalls.

</doc>
<doc id="18604065" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18604065" title="B-trie">
B-trie

The B-trie is a trie-based data structure that can store and retrieve variable-length strings efficiently on disk.
The B-trie was compared against several high-performance variants of B-tree that were
designed for string keys. It was shown to offer superior performance, particularly under skew access (i.e., many repeated searches). It is currently a leading choice for maintaining a string dictionary on disk, along with other disk-based tasks, such as maintaining an index to a string database or for accumulating the vocabulary of a large text collection.

</doc>
<doc id="18604074" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18604074" title="Conductors Without Borders">
Conductors Without Borders

Conductors Without Borders (CWB), is an international development programme for conductors and choral leaders who lack access to professional education, mentorship or guidance. The programme shall create insightful leadership committed to the social values of choral singing. 
The programme is hosted and supported by the International Federation for Choral Music (IFCM) and under the patronage of the composer Alberto Grau in Venezuela.
The programme was formed in 2006 and engages conductors who want to assist with the training of choral conductors and the improvement of
choral singing in developing countries and regions.

</doc>
<doc id="18604080" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18604080" title="Kansallisbiografia">
Kansallisbiografia

Suomen Kansallisbiografia () is a collection of 6,000 biographies of individuals and families who have made important contributions to the development of Finnish society.
Families in the National Biography of Finland.
From the time of the Swedish era (1249–1809).
Adlercreutz
(1600–),
Aeimelaeus 
(1500–), 
Alanus 
(1600–), 
Alfthan 
(1600–), 
Alopaeus 
(1600–), 
Aminoff 
(1600–), 
Anna Jönsdotter 
(1500–1700), 
Antell 
(1500–), 
Armfelt 
(1600–), 
Assersson 
(1300–1600), 
Autuisten 
(1400–1500), 
Avellan 
(1600–), 
Balk 
(1300–1500), 
Banér 
(1400–1700), 
Becker 
(1700–), 
Bergbom 
(1700–), 
Bergh 
(1700–), 
Bergroth 
(1700–), 
Berner 
(1600–), 
Bielke 
(1200–), 
Bitz 
(1300–1600), 
Björkenheim 
(1700–), 
Björkstén 
(1700–), 
Björnberg 
(1600–), 
Blomstedt 
(1600–), 
Blåfield 
(1400–), 
Boije 
(1400–), 
Boisman
(1400–), 
Bonsdorff 
(1600–), 
Borenius 
(1600–), 
Borg 
(1700–), 
Borgström 
(1700–), 
Brander 
(1600–), 
Bremer 
(1700–), 
Brenner 
(1500–), 
Brofeldt 
(1600–), 
Brotherus 
(1600–), 
Brunou 
(1700–), 
Bruun 
(1600–), 
Böste 
(14th century), 
Cajander 
(1700–), 
Cajanus 
(1600–), 
Calamnius 
(1500–), 
Camenaea, Beata 
(K 1699), 
Carpelan 
(1400–), 
Carstenius 
(1600–), 
Castrén 
(1600–), 
Cedercreutz 
(1600–), 
Chydenius 
(1700–), 
Collan 
(1600–), 
Colliander 
(1600–), 
Creutz 
(1400–), 
Cygnaeus 
(1700–), 
De la Gardie 
(1500–1800), 
de Pont 
(1700–), 
Diekn 
(1300–1600), 
Donner 
(1600–), 
Dufva 
(1400–1700), 
Ehrnrooth 
(1500–), 
Ehrström 
(1700–), 
Ekestubbe 
(1500–1900), 
Elfving 
(1700–), 
Enckell 
(1600–), 
Ervast 
(1700–), 
Estlander 
(1600–), 
Europaeus 
(1700–), 
Fabritius 
(1600–), 
Falander 
(1500–), 
Fellman 
(1500–), 
Fieandt, von 
(1600–), 
Fincke 
(1300–1700), 
Fleming 
(1300–1800), 
Flög 
(1300–1500), 
Forbus 
(1500–1700), 
Fordell 
(1400–), 
Forselius 
(1600–), 
Forsius 
(1600–), 
Forsman 
(1500–), 
Fortelius 
(1600–), 
Franzén 
(1600–), 
Frenckell 
(1700–), 
Frille 
(1300–1600), 
Frosterus 
(1500–), 
Furuhjelm 
(1700–), 
Garp 
(1300–1500), 
Gedda 
(16th century), 
Granfelt 
(1500–), 
Gripenberg 
(1600–), 
Grotenfelt 
(1600–), 
Gummerus 
(1600–), 
Haartman 
(1600–), 
Hackman 
(1600–), 
Heideman, von 
(1600–), 
Heikel 
(1700–), 
Hellenius 
(1600–), 
Hemming 
(1500–1600), 
Herttua 
(1400–1700), 
Heurlin 
(1600–), 
Hirn 
(1600–), 
Hjelt 
(1600–), 
Holsti 
(1600–), 
Homén 
(1700–), 
Horn 
(1300–), 
Hornborg 
(1600–), 
Hulkkonen 
(16th–17th century), 
Hällström 
(1700–), 
Hästesko 
(1500–), 
Idman 
(1600–), 
Ignatius 
(1600–), 
Ille 
(1400–1600), 
Ingman 
(1600–), 
Jaenisch 
(1700–1900), 
Johansson–Kaila 
(1700–), 
Julin, von 
(1700–), 
Juusten, Anna 
(K 1642), 
Jägerhorn 
(1300–), 
Järnefelt 
(1600–), 
Kihlman 
(1700–), 
Kilpi 
(1500–), 
Knorring, von 
(1500–), 
Konow, von 
(1600–), 
Kottarainen 
(1300–1600), 
Kraemer, von 
(1500–), 
Krogius 
(1600–), 
Krohn 
(1700–), 
Kurck 
(1300–2000), 
Ladau 
(1500–), 
Lagus 
(1500–), 
Lang 
(1500–), 
Lavonius 
(1600–), 
Leijonhufvud 
(1300–), 
Lepaan 
(1400–1600), 
Lilius 
(1500–), 
Lindelöf 
(1400–), 
Lithovius 
(1500–), 
Luukela 
(1400–), 
Malm 
(1600–), 
Malmberg 
(1700–), 
Mannerheim 
(1600–), 
Mathesius 
(1500–1900), 
Meinander 
(1600–), 
Melartopaeus 
(1500–), 
Meurman 
(1600–), 
Molander 
(1500–), 
Munck af Fulkila
(1500–), 
Munsterhjelm 
(1600–), 
Mustakallio 
(1700–), 
Neovius 
(1700–), 
Nordenskiöld 
(1600–), 
Nordenswan 
(1700–), 
Nordman 
(1700–), 
Nyberg 
(1500–), 
Nycopensis 
(1600–), 
Nylander 
(1500–), 
Näyhä 
(1400–1600), 
Orraeus 
(1600–), 
Palander 
(1600–), 
Palmén 
(1600–), 
Palmgren 
(1700–), 
Parviainen 
(1500–), 
Pennainen 
(1400–1600), 
Pipping 
(1500–), 
Poikon 
(1400–1600), 
Poppius 
(1500–), 
Procopé 
(1500–), 
Pölväjä 
(1300–1700), 
Qvist 
(1700–), 
Ramsay 
(1100–), 
Rehbinder 
(1600–), 
Rein 
(1600–), 
Rengosson
(14th century), 
Renvall 
(1700–), 
Reuter 
(1600–), 
Roos 
(1600–), 
Rosenbröijer 
(1500–), 
Rosenlew 
(1600–), 
Ross 
(1100–1900), 
Runeberg 
(1600–), 
Ruuth 
(1500–), 
Sacklén 
(1600–), 
Sandelin 
(1700–), 
Sanmark 
(1700–), 
Saxén 
(1700–), 
von Schantz, von 
(1600–), 
Schauman 
(1600–), 
Schildt 
(1500–), 
Schultén, af 
(1600–), 
Sederholm 
(1600–), 
Serlachius 
(1600–), 
Simelius 
(1600–), 
Sirelius 
(1700–), 
Sjöstedt 
(1600–), 
Skelge 
(1300–1500), 
Skytte 
(1400–1600), 
Sluk 
(1300–1600), 
Snellman 
(1600–), 
Sovelius 
(1600–), 
Spåre 
(1300–), 
Stackelberg 
(1600–), 
Standertskjöld 
(1700–), 
Stenbäck 
(1600–), 
Stenius 
(1500–), 
Stigulf Ragvaldinpojan 
(1300–1500), 
Stjernvall 
(1600–), 
Streng 
(1600–), 
Strömmer 
(1600–), 
Ståhlberg 
(1700–), 
Stålarm 
(1400–1700), 
Sursill 
(1400–), 
Svärd 
(1300–1500), 
Särkilahti 
(1300–1700), 
Takku 
(1400–1800), 
Tallqvist 
(1500–), 
Tavast 
(1400–), 
Tawaststjerna 
(1600–), 
Thesleff 
(1500–), 
Tigerstedt 
(1500–), 
Tolpo 
(1600–), 
Toppelius 
(1600–), 
Tott 
(1400–1700), 
Troil, von 
(1700–), 
Tudeer 
(1600–), 
Törnudd 
(1700–), 
Tötterman 
(1700–), 
Villilän 
(1200–1500), 
Virmailan 
(1400–), 
Vuolteen 
(1400–1600), 
Wacklin 
(1600–1900), 
Wallenius 
(1500–), 
Wasenius 
(1600–), 
Wegelius 
(1600–), 
Wetterhoff 
(1700–), 
Wichmann 
(1700–), 
Willebrand, von 
(1500–), 
Winter 
(1600–), 
Wrede 
(1200–), 
Wright, von 
(1700–), 
Zilliacus 
From the time of the Grand Duchy of Finland (1809–1917).
Ahlström 
(1800–), 
Ahmavaara 
(1800–), 
Alanen 
(1800–), 
de la Chapelle 
(1800–), 
Erkko 
(1800–), 
Fazer 
(1800–), 
Flodin 
(1800–), 
Frey 
(1800–), 
Genetz 
(1700–), 
Hallman 
(1700–), 
Hallstén-Kallia 
(1800–), 
Hannikainen 
(1700–), 
Itkonen 
(1800–), 
Reenpää 
(1800–), 
Relander 
(1600–), 
Sanmark 
(1800–), 
Starckjohann 
(1800–), 
Stenberg 
(1700–), 
Stiller 
(1800–), 
Stockmann 
(1800–), 
Tengström 
(1600–), 
Törnqvist 
(1600–), 
Vitikkala 
(1700–), 
Åkerman 
From the time of the Republic of Finland (1917–).
Helkama
(1900–),
Palo
(1900–),
Ranin
(1900–),
Rinne
(1900–),
Roine
(1900–),
Sanmark 
(1900–), 
Simonen

</doc>
<doc id="18604082" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18604082" title="Linux Symposium">
Linux Symposium

The Linux Symposium is a Linux and Open Source conference held annually in Canada. The conference is commonly referred to as OLS, from Ottawa Linux Symposium, though it is no longer necessarily held in Ottawa every year anymore. The conference features 100+ paper presentations, tutorials, birds of a feather sessions and mini summits on a wide range of topics. There were 650 attendees from 20+ countries in 2008.
History.
The 2009 Symposium was held in Montréal, Quebec.
The 2011 Symposium was held in Ottawa.
Mini-summits.
The Symposium hosts "mini-summits" on the day before the conference. They are open to all conference attendees and have their own programme. Five mini-summits were hosted in 2008, including: Virtualization, Security-Enhanced Linux, Kernel Container Developers', Linux Power Management and Linux Wireless LAN. There were two mini-summits in 2009: Linux Power Management and Tracing.

</doc>
<doc id="18604090" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18604090" title="Daniel Sternefeld">
Daniel Sternefeld

Daniel Sternefeld (Antwerp, 27 November 1905 – Brussels, 2 June 1986) was a Belgian composer and conductor.
Musical Training and Career.
Sternefeld took private lessons with Renaat Veremans and Paul Gilson at the Royal Conservatory of Flanders in Antwerp, after which he studied conducting under Frank van der Stucken. He completed his studies at the Mozarteum in Salzburg with Bernard Paumgartner, Clemens Krauss and Herbert von Karajan. In 1938, he was appointed principal conductor of the Royal Flemish Opera. During the occupation Sternefeld, an ethnic Jew, was forced into hiding in Antwerp. In 1942, he risked his life by attending the funeral of his teacher Paul Gilson in Brussels. He was arrested in late 1943 and incarcerated in the Dossinkazerne in Mechelen. He stayed several months in this Sammellager but was released. It was during this period that he wrote his first symphony. In 1948, he left the Royal Flemish Opera for the Belgian Radio Symphony Orchestra in Brussels – serving initially as associate conductor, and then from 1957 to 1970 as principal conductor – where he became known for his interpretations of modern music.
Style.
In his writings, a clear evolution can be traced from a late romantic musical language, by way of the chromaticism of Wagner and the sonority of Mahler and Richard Strauss, to lyrical expressionism.
List of works (alphabetical).
Based on the list of scores available at the Belgian Documentation Centre for Contemporary Music:

</doc>
<doc id="18604106" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18604106" title="Musée en Herbe">
Musée en Herbe

The Musée en Herbe is an art museum for children, located at 21 rue Hérold and also in the Jardin d'Acclimatation, Bois de Boulogne, Paris, France. It is open daily; an admission fee is charged.
The museum was established in 1975 by Sylvie Girardet and Claire Merleau-Ponty. It presents a series of art exhibits and workshops for children, based on the works of artists such as Marc Chagall, Pablo Picasso, and Niki de Saint Phalle.

</doc>
<doc id="18604107" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18604107" title="Ralph Granville">
Ralph Granville

Ralph Granville (born 23 April 1931 in Glasgow) is a former Scottish footballer.
He won the 1955 Scottish Cup with Clyde, before having spells with Nottingham Forest and Gateshead.

</doc>
<doc id="18604111" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18604111" title="The Pirate's Dream">
The Pirate's Dream

"The Pirate's Dream" () is a 1940 Italian film directed by Mario Mattoli and starring Erminio Macario.

</doc>
<doc id="18604126" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18604126" title="Jog Meher Shrestha">
Jog Meher Shrestha

Jog Meher Shrestha is a Nepalese politician, belonging to the Rastriya Prajatantra Party. He was politically active during the "Panchayat" period. Shrestha was appointed Land Reform and Management Minister in the cabinet of Sher Bahadur Deuba in 2004. 
After the 2005 royal take-over, Shrestha was arrested accused of misuse of the Prime Ministers Fund. In March 2005, he was released on bail. In June 2005, he was acquitted.
In 2006, he was acting chairman of the RPP.

</doc>
<doc id="18604146" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18604146" title="United States v. American Tobacco Co.">
United States v. American Tobacco Co.

United States v. American Tobacco Company, 221 U.S. 106 (1911), was a decision by the United States Supreme Court, which held that the combination in this case is one in restraint of trade and an attempt to monopolize the business of tobacco in interstate commerce within the prohibitions of the Sherman Antitrust Act of 1890.
Judgment.
The Sherman Antitrust Act was created in 1890, and in 1907 the American Tobacco Company was indicted in violation of it. In 1908 when the Department of Justice filed suit against the company, sixty-five companies and twenty-nine individuals were named in the suit. The Supreme Court ordered the company to dissolve in 1911 on the same day that it ordered the Standard Oil Trust to dissolve. The ruling in "United States v. American Tobacco Co." stated that the combination of the tobacco companies “in and of itself, as well as each and all of the elements composing it whether corporate or individual, whether considered collectively or separately in restraint of trade and an attempt to monopolize, and a monopolization within the first and second sections of the Anti-Trust Act.”
Significance.
In order to promote market competition, four firms were created from the American Tobacco Company’s assets: American Tobacco Company, R. J. Reynolds, Liggett & Myers, and Lorillard. The monopoly became an oligopoly.
In 1938 Thurman Arnold in the United States Department of Justice Antitrust Division began hosting hearings in the Temporary National Economic Committee to determine whether the four companies were further engaged together in monopolistic practices. That committee found that 3 of the 4 companies where guilty of the charges presented to the court.

</doc>
<doc id="18604147" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18604147" title="Henrietta Rose-Innes">
Henrietta Rose-Innes

Henrietta Rose-Innes is a South African novelist and short-story writer. She was the 2008 winner of the Caine Prize for African Writing for her speculative-fiction story "Poison". Her novel "Nineveh" was shortlisted for the 2012 Sunday Times Prize for Fiction and the M-Net Literary Awards. In September of that year her story "Sanctuary" was awarded second place in the 2012 BBC (Inter)national Short Story Award.
Rose-Innes has been a Fellow in Literature at the Akademie Schloss Solitude, Stuttgart (2007-8) and has held residencies at the Rockefeller Foundation's Bellagio Center; Chateau de Lavigny, Lausanne; the , Sylt; Georgetown University; the University of Cape Town's Centre for Creative Writing; Caldera Arts Center, Oregon; and Hawthornden Castle Writer's Retreat, Scotland. She is a 2012 Gordon Fellow at the Gordon Institute for Creative and Performing Arts (GIPCA), University of Cape Town.
Works.
Other short pieces have appeared in a variety of international publications, including:
Creative non-fiction by Rose-Innes includes:

</doc>
<doc id="18604148" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18604148" title="Erminio Macario">
Erminio Macario

Erminio Macario (27 May 1902 – 25 March 1980), best known as Macario, was an Italian film actor and comedian. He appeared in 42 films between 1933 and 1975.
Life and career.
Born in Turin, Macario made his debut at young age in the amateur dramatics company Don Bosco Oratory in Valdocco, then he was part of some small amateur companies of his hometown until 1924 when he was cast in the company of dancing and pantomime of Giovanni Molasso. Soon after, he entered the company of Wanda Osiris, the undisputed queen of the revue of that time in Italy. Between the two wars he became in a short time one of the most popular comedians of the revue theater. 
Macario made his film debut in 1933 with "Aria di paese" but the success came just six years later with two comedy films directed by Mario Mattoli and co-written by a young Federico Fellini, "Imputato alzatevi!" and "Lo vedi come sei... lo vedi come sei?". After a series of successful comedies directed by Carlo Borghesio since the early fifties Macario appeared in short characterizations in anthology films and was sidekick of Totò in a number of films. Starting from mid-sixties he finally dedicated to television and theater.
His comical style was referred as a mixture between Chaplin's Charlot and Marx Brothers. 

</doc>
<doc id="18604150" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18604150" title="Nyaribari Chache Constituency">
Nyaribari Chache Constituency

Nyaribare Chache is an electoral constituency in Kenya. It is one of four constituencies in Kisii District. The constituency was established for the 1988 elections.

</doc>
<doc id="18604157" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18604157" title="L'immensità">
L'immensità

"L'immensità" (in English: "Immensity") is an Italian song, which was first performed by Johnny Dorelli in 1967 and became 9th at the Festival of Italian Song in Sanremo.
Covers.
The song was later covered by a number of artists.

</doc>
<doc id="18604175" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18604175" title="Ilian Evtimov">
Ilian Evtimov

Ilian Evtimov (born April 28, 1983), is a professional basketball player for Élan Chalon of the French League. A French national, he is the youngest son of Bulgarian basketball star Ilija (Ilia) Evtimov and the brother of professional Euroleague player Vassil "Vasco" Evtimov. He is a 6 feet 7 inches tall, 215 pounds small forward-power forward.
College career.
Evtimov played college basketball in the United States at NCAA Division 1 school North Carolina State University, where he played with the NC State Wolfpack, from 2001-2006. 
Professional career.
Evtimov signed his first professional contract with Virtus Bologna in 2006 

</doc>
<doc id="18604187" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18604187" title="Defending the Undefendable">
Defending the Undefendable

Defending the Undefendable is a book by Walter Block originally published in 1976. Marcus Epstein describes the book as defending "pimps, drug dealers, blackmailers, corrupt policemen, and loan sharks as 'economic heroes'." It has been translated into ten foreign languages.
Cable news pundit John Stossel said of it, "Defending the Undefendable... opened my eyes to the beauties of libertarianism. It explains that so much of what is assumed to be evil – is not." In 2011, writing that economics "illuminates what common sense overlooks", Stossel called the book "eye-opening" and detailed its contents.

</doc>
<doc id="18604196" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18604196" title="Willie McVie">
Willie McVie

Willie McVie (born 7 August 1948 in Glasgow) is a former Scottish footballer.
McVie began his career with Clyde, spending 7 years with the Shawfield club before joining Motherwell. He went on to have spells with Toronto Blizzard in Canada and Heart of Midlothian, before retiring in 1981. He now is a publican in Larkhall.

</doc>
<doc id="18604211" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18604211" title="Johnny Ringo (disambiguation)">
Johnny Ringo (disambiguation)

Johnny Ringo normally refers to Johnny Ringo (born John Peters Ringo), an American Old West outlaw.
It may also refer to: 

</doc>
<doc id="18604218" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18604218" title="Non me lo dire!">
Non me lo dire!

Non me lo dire! is a 1940 Italian comedy film directed by Mario Mattoli and starring Erminio Macario.

</doc>
<doc id="18604219" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18604219" title="St Monica Choir">
St Monica Choir

Founded in 1964 by Sr Beniamina Portelli, the St Monica Choir is one of Malta's leading polyphonic choirs. The choir’s repertoire varies from sacred to popular, early to contemporary. 
For over 20 years, it has been collaborating with other entities and exchanging visits with foreign choirs and travelling to European countries. The choir has, amongst others, presented concerts at the Liverpool Philharmonic Theatre, the Vatican City, St. Stephen’s Cathedral in Vienna, Esztergom Cathedral in Hungary and St Mary’s Cathedral in Edinburgh, as well as televised and radio recordings for renowned media stations such as the BBC and the German ARD 1. Amongst the choir’s participation with foreign choirs, one cannot but mention the Knox Academy Choir from Scotland and the Beethoven Society of Australia. With the latter, the St Monica Choir presented a memorable production of Beethoven’s 9th Symphony with Orkestra Nazzjonali under the baton of Dr Steve Watson at the Teatru Manoel in May 1999. The St Monica Choir has been commissioned to premiere local compositions, such as Stabat Mater by prolific Maltese composer Carmelo Pace together with Orkestra Nazzjonali (the national orchestra) and Mro Michael Laus. Early 2007 saw yet another collaboration come to fruition, this time together with Vocalise, when, for the first time in Malta, Johann Sebastian Bach’s Christmas Oratorio Parts I, II & III were performed at St John's Co-Cathedral under the direction of international conductor and musicologist Hans Jürgen Nagel.
In November 1999, the St Monica Choir became the first and only Maltese choir to win the prestigious Malta International Choir Festival. Delegated to represent Malta during the first edition of the choral Olympics held in Linz, Austria, the following year, the choir was awarded bronze 1 from amongst over twenty participants in the mixed choirs’ category. September 2001 marked yet another milestone in the choir’s history when it launched its own compilation of varied musical compositions on CD entitled "Expressions".
In 2002, the choir was invited to make a guest appearance during a choral festival at the Dorog House of Culture in Hungary. Two years later, the choir was once again invited to participate in the “XIII Festival de Musica en Navidad” organized by the Cultural Department of Madrid. The St Monica Choir, the only foreign choir invited to participate, held its concert at the Sagrada Familia church in Madrid. 
In 2004, to commemorate its 40th Anniversary since its foundation, the choir launched a comprehensive website and a documentary on DVD encompassing forty years of existence and achievements. The choir’s own productions of its Easter and Christmas concerts, helped raise further funds for the missions. In 2006, the St Monica Choir performed a concert in Haddington, Scotland to help raise funds for the local church there. 
The choir is an affiliated member of Förderverein Interkultur, organizers of the Choir Olympics and other Musica Mundi concerts worldwide.
Sr Beniamina Portelli - Founder & Director.
Hailing from the city of Vittoriosa, Sr Beniamina, baptized Marion, is the eldest amongst 5 daughters and a son born to Carmelo and Ines née Calleja. The Portelli family had to take refuge in Siggiewi during the ravaging years of World War II.
Sr Beniamina started her religious life with the Augustinian nuns at the age of sixteen years. The beginning of her musical studies goes back eleven years earlier, that is, when she was only five years old. Sr Beniamina pursued her studies with Sr Teresina Saliba and conducted her finals and LRSM under the guidance of Ms Bascetta.
Being a strong believer in the constant need to pursue educational activities, Sr Beniamina attended various courses both abroad and in Malta. Worth mentioning are: the Vatican City in connection with choral singing (1953); Derbyshire regarding professional music teaching (1964); Harrogate for choral direction (1983); the London Royal Schools of Music with Mr A Kelly (1985); Edinburgh and London with EPTA (1993) and an LLCM for choral direction for which she was awarded the Society of Music Medal, having been the first successful candidate worldwide.
In the early 1950s, Sr Beniamina spent a year teaching music in Rome. On her return to Malta, she was immediately involved in music teaching. Being an enthusiastic and energetic person, she tried to broaden her students’ horizons by encouraging their involvement in a wider musical spectrum. She began to organize end-of-year concerts so that the students could experience different dimensions of music, such as dancing, choral singing and the setting up of an accordion band.
This has been recognized by institutions and authorities alike. In September 2000, the Mosta Local Council conferred upon Sr Beniamina “Gieh il-Mosta”, an honorary tribute, and in November of the same year, she was awarded the Society Music Medal by the Council of Arts, Manufacture and Commerce. On 13 December 2003 at the Grandmaster's Palace in Valletta, the then President of the Republic Profs. Guido de Marco, decorated Sr Beniamina with “Midalja ghall-Qadi tar-Repubblika”, a medal which is part of The National Order of Merit, in appreciation of her incessant efforts to promote music and the establishment of the renowned St Monica Choir.
Through her teaching, local music is indebted to Sr Beniamina for having had such students as composer Ray Agius, virtuoso pianists Mark Darnford and Stefan Cassar who also teaches music in France, John Attard who teaches music in Austria and Fr Aurelio Mule’ Stagno who obtained a distinction in all his examinations and is presently studying abroad. Others include Claire Massa, Simone Attard and Maureen Galea who graduated from the University of Malta. Claire is an established contralto solosit whilst Simone, a teacher at the Johann Strauss School of Music, is very much sought after both for choral teaching and direction as well as a musician. Maureen is pursuing her studies in the United Kingdom after having been awarded a scholarship in Florence.
Administration.
Administrative committee is elected by the choristers for a two-year term, chaired by Sr Beniamina.
Voice-leaders sub-committee is headed by a coordinator acting in close liaison with the committee. Leaders from each voice-section are selected by Sr Beniamina in consultation with the coordinator and the committee president.
Awards and achievements.
The 11th Malta International Choir Festival - Gold Award.
Vying for the prize on 12 November 1999 along with the St Monica Choir during the final night held at the Mediterranean Conference Centre, were the Lakatamia Municipal Choir from Cyprus, the Děčínský pěvecký sbor from the Czech Republic and the St. Stythians Male Voice Choir, Cornwall, UK. 
The choice of the repertoire involved a detailed analysis of past experiences and results previously obtained by the choir during such festivals. Keeping in mind that the adjudicating panel rates participants for the test piece carrying 25 points, another 50 points for general interpretation and 10 and 15 points for presentation and the choice of the repertoire respectively, possible compositions were short-listed. 
Apart from "Magnus Dominus" by Benigno Zerafa and the test piece, "Quam Dilecta Tabernacula Tua Domine" by Carlo Diacono (1876–1942), the choir’s performance included "Rhythm of Life" from Sweet Charity, "The Bare Necessities" from the motion picture The Jungle Book and negro spirituals "Hush, somebody’s Calling My Name" and "I Want Jesus." 
The adjudicating panel, made up of musical experts from Croatia, Italy and Germany, finally made known the results. Theirs was a unanimous decision that the St Monica Choir’s performance was the best for its interpretation of the test piece, choice of repertoire and general interpretation. The Czech choir was best in presentation. The St Monica Choir clinched the first prize and gold trophy, the first time ever that a Maltese choir had won the Malta International Choir Festival.
Choir Olympics 2000 - Bronze.
In Linz, Austria, the choir attended the official opening ceremony of the 1st Edition of the Choir Olympics at the multifunctional Design Center. 
During the Friendship Concert and the qualifying competition the choristers had the opportunity to meet choristers from Austria, Greece and Japan.
Expressions – The CD.
Expressions is the choir's first CD.
References.
12000 Choir Olympics Results

</doc>
<doc id="18604220" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18604220" title="Doulton">
Doulton

Doulton may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18604230" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18604230" title="Jorge Mondragón">
Jorge Mondragón

Jorge Mondragón Vázquez (born October 30, 1962) is a retired diver from Mexico. He competed in four consecutive Summer Olympics for his native country, starting in 1980. Mondragón won two bronze medals at the 1991 Pan American Games in Havana, Cuba.

</doc>
<doc id="18604237" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18604237" title="The InterProse Corporation">
The InterProse Corporation

The InterProse Corporation, abbreviated InterProse, is a multinational computer software and technology corporation headquartered in Vancouver, Washington, USA. The company was originally founded as a data integration company but since 2000 has shifted its products to a Cloud computing implementation. InterProse provides cloud computing, and consulting services for Accounts Receivable Management (ARM), debt collection, and electronic payment services for accounts receivable and debt collection. 
InterProse has been known through most of its recent history as designer of web-based applications utilizing open source technology to provide applications focused upon browser capability and not a specific operating system. Capitalizing on open source technology has also carries the benefit of low cost product implementation. 
InterProse holds several trademarks and is currently seeking a patent for its Ammina Virtual Agent technology. This technology merges human and machine elements into an intelligent pseudo-agent. Though a small closely held company, InterProse has grown consistently since its inception in 1996, tripling its employee base and earnings.
History.
In the late 1990s, InterProse became the dominant vendor in low cost desktop PC-based data conversion software. This became a catalyst for many small companies to enable them to compete with must larger companies because the cost barriers for data interface had been erased. The resultant influx of new business opportunities for InterProse's clients created a need for more sophisticated and complex interface work. This drove the expansion of InterProses's Professional Services group.
In 1999 InterProse decided to merge with the then Mt. Hood Media, a company that specialized in website development and web-based applications, to expand its offering into the newly emerging eCommerce space. By 2001 InterProse had developed version 1.0 of WebAR a web-based SaaS application to provide client access to companies assigning accounts to collection agencies for the purpose of account tracking and performance audits. 
In 2003 InterProse released version 2.0 of WebAR with addition support for the processing of electronic payments, A/R management, and debt collection.
In 2007 InterProse released its virtual agent product, now known as Ammina, which combined a non threatening avatar and advanced expert system decisioning engine to allow a customer/patient/subscriber/debtor to manage their accounts without the necessity of speaking to a human thus providing benefit to both creditor and customer (see whitepaper).
InterProse Professional Services.
Under some circumstances, customers request assistance in developing a process unique to their specific application of Cartographer or WebAR. In such cases, InterProse engineers are available to provide customized programming services. Software engineers are proficient in various programming languages, i.e. Visual Basic, Java, SQL, HTML, Perl, XML, PICK OS, and UNIX.
Corporate Culture of InterProse.
InterProse was founded on two immutable principles. First, a genuine desire to provide service and an understanding of the customer’s business processes creating an unmatched value. Second, InterProse employees are empowered to manage their workload based on their own intelligence and discretion and accepting personal responsibility to customer satisfaction and corporate morale.
Open source.
InterProse has fully embraced the Open Source Initiative, and began developing applications on Linux in 2001. InterProse has created a commercial grade application with only the tools available in the open source community namely: CentOS, PostgreSQL, Apache, Tomcat, Java Servlets, and Java.
Board of Directors.
Current members of the board of directors at The InterProse Corporation are:
Department Heads:

</doc>
<doc id="18604243" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18604243" title="1984 All-Ireland Senior Football Championship">
1984 All-Ireland Senior Football Championship

The 1984 All-Ireland Senior Football Championship was played from May to September 1984. The final was between old enemies Kerry and Dublin. Kerry won the final by a scoreline of 0-14 to 1-6.

</doc>
<doc id="18604245" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18604245" title="Musée du Parfum">
Musée du Parfum

The Musée du Parfum, also known as the Fragonard Musée du Parfum, is a French private museum of perfume located at 9 rue Scribe, in the 9th arrondissement of Paris.
Location.
The museum is located near the western side of Opéra Garnier.
Hours and admission.
The musée is open daily; admission is free.
History.
The museum was created in 1983 by the Fragonard perfume company within a Napoleon III town-house (built 1860). Its rooms contain period furnishings and perfume exhibits, including antique perfume bottles, containers, toiletry sets, stills for steam distillation of perfume extracts, etc. Displays show how perfumes are made today, and present the history of perfume manufacturing and packaging. Of particular interest is an "orgue à parfum" (perfume organ) with tiers of ingredient bottles arranged around a balance used to mix fragrances.

</doc>
<doc id="18604255" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18604255" title="Doctor Who Christmas specials">
Doctor Who Christmas specials

The British science fiction television series "Doctor Who" has aired nine special episodes annually on 25 December:

</doc>
<doc id="18604261" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18604261" title="John Foulger">
John Foulger

John Foulger (1960–2006) was an established landscape and seascape painter, specialising in oils and acrylics. Before becoming a professional artist he was employed by a firm of art dealers in London.
Exhibitor at the Royal Society of British Artists; Royal Society of Marine Artists: New English Arts Club; National Society of Painters, Sculptors and Printmakers; United Society of Artists. Works also shown at Syon House; The Mall Galleries, London; Brighton Museum and Art Gallery; Towner Art Gallery; Eastbourne; Dedham Centre. Retrospective Exhibition Littlehampton Museum, 1984, shown on television. Member of the Federation of British Artists. Elected Associate of the Moseley Arts Society and member of several other art societies in Surrey and Sussex.
His paintings are now to be found in galleries and private collections in London, Vienna, The Hague, Montreal, California, New Orleans and elsewhere in Europe and America and in Australia, New Zealand and Japan.
The artist was presented to Her Majesty Queen Elizabeth the Queen Mother at the presentation of one of his paintings in 1975. Middleton exhibition opened by Lor Chalfron in 1991. One of his equestrian pictures was presented as a trophy for the inaugural running of the Persian War Hurdle, an important race run at Chepstow in 1979 to commemorate the great triple-champion hurdler Persian War. A picture of Persian War in retirement was later auctioned for the injured jockey's fund. Another painting of racing at Chepstow was the trophy for the St. Patrick's chase run in 1980.
Death and afterward.
Foulger left his house and contents to Oxfam following his death. Over 100 of his paintings we sold during the summer of 2008, raising over £13,000 for the charity.

</doc>
<doc id="18604265" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18604265" title="N. K. Boswell">
N. K. Boswell

Nathaniel Kimball Boswell, aka N. K. Boswell (1836–1921) was a frontiersman, rancher, cowboy and lawman of the Old West, best known for building the "N. K. Boswell Ranch", considered a historical location of Wyoming today. He also helped to settle Laramie, Wyoming.
Impact on Laramie, Wyoming, Steve Long lynching.
Boswell ventured into Wyoming Territory around 1865 towards the end of the American Civil War. He is believed to have served in the Union Army, but it is not certain as to from which state he originated, although it is believed he may have come from New Jersey. Boswell arrived in the area of present day Laramie, Wyoming, as one of its first settlers. He was joined there by his brother George Boswell and his family. At the time, that area was extremely rough and wild, with numerous outlaws drawn to it due to the lack of law enforcement. Three of those would be early western gunman "Big" Steve Long, and his half brothers Ace and Con Moyer. Long would become the Marshal of Laramie, whereas Boswell would be the first Sheriff of Albany County, Wyoming, where Laramie is located. Almost immediately the two lawmen were at odds.
Boswell was an original member of the local "Vigilence Committee", organized to help bring order to the lawless area. Long and his brothers, however, opened a saloon called the "Bucket of Blood", and began strong arming settlers into signing away their property. If they refused, they were more times than not killed. At times, Long would goad them into a fight and shoot them down, at others they were merely killed under mysterious circumstances. In May 1868, Melville C. Brown was elected mayor, but he soon resigned due to the incompetence of city's other officals. By October 1868, Long had killed thirteen men in gunfights. Several others were suspected to have been killed by him, but only those thirteen are confirmed to have died from his hand. 
Boswell organized the citizens, and suggested they wait, and eventually Long will put himself in a position to where they could act against him. On October 18, 1868 Long attempted to rob a prospector named Rollie "Hard Luck" Harrison. Harrison produced a pistol, and a gunfight erupted between the two. Long was wounded and retreated. Harrison was killed, dying as a result of his wounds before he was able to relay who shot him to anyone else.
Long confessed to his fiance how he was wounded, and she in turn told Sheriff Boswell. Boswell organized several men in the town, and they entered the saloon owned by Long and his brothers on October 28. The mob overwhelmed the three and led them to an unfinished cabin in town. Long was quiet throughout the process, having only one request, that he be allowed to remove his boots, stating "My mother always said I'd die with my boots on". Barefoot, he was lynched along with Con and Ace Moyer by hanging them from the rafters of the cabin. There were no legal actions taken against the members of the lynch mob.
Later life.
By this time, Boswell's ranch had become one of the largest and most productive in the territory. One of his fellow lynching vigilantes, L. P. Griswold, moved to Denver, Colorado. He formed a "Vigilence Committee" there in 1872, but was arrested for doing so. Believing he stood no chance if brought to trial, he escaped, and was shot and killed while doing so. Boswell, however, continued to be a prominent figure in Wyoming. In 1872, Boswell served as the first warden of the Wyoming Territorial Prison. He died of unknown causes in 1904. His ranch in Wyoming is now listed on the National Register of Historical Places.

</doc>
<doc id="18604266" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18604266" title="Hedsor Water">
Hedsor Water

Hedsor Water is a stretch of the River Thames near Cookham, Berkshire which runs to the north of Sashes Island. Hedsor Water was once the main navigation of the Thames but was by-passed by the construction of Cookham Lock in 1830. Navigation is only possible for the first 100 metres from the downstream end, where a few temporary moorings are available, except for smaller boats.
Cookham lock opened in 1830, but no weir was built at this time. In 1832 Lord Boston of Hedsor House claimed compensation for loss of towpath rights along Hedsor Water which he was granted. In 1837 a weir was found necessary and built across Hedsor Water, leading to further litigation from Lord Boston for loss of trade to the wharf he owned there. Hedsor Wharf, on the upper reach of Hedsor Water had been an important trading post. The paper made at nearby Cookham Paper Mill was shipped from there and the stone used to build Shardeloes was brought from Oxford to Hedsor Wharf. This time the only compensation he received was the building of a flash lock in the weir. This was removed when the lock was rebuilt in 1869, as Lord Boston had built eel bucks in the stream in the meantime.
In 2003 Hedsor Water was the subject of a High Court judgement against Josie Rowland, the widow of Tiny Rowland and current owner of Hedsor Wharf Estate, who wanted to stop the Water being used as a public right of way.

</doc>
<doc id="18604277" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18604277" title="Kanakapur (Lok Sabha constituency)">
Kanakapur (Lok Sabha constituency)

Kanakapur Lok Sabha constituency was a former Lok Sabha constituency in Karnataka state in southern India. It is now known as Bangalore Rural Lok Sabha constituency, which includes 8 Assembly constituencies namely Ramanagar, Channapatna, Magadi, Kanakapur, Kunigal, Bangalore South, Anekal, and Rajarajeshwarinagar assembly segments. Currently H.D.Kumaraswamy of Janata Dal (S) represents this constituency.
References.
http://164.100.24.209/newls/allmember1to12.aspx

</doc>
<doc id="18604280" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18604280" title="UCSB College of Engineering">
UCSB College of Engineering

The College of Engineering is one of the three undergraduate colleges at the University of California, Santa Barbara.
As of 2011, there were 145 faculty, 1345 undergraduate students, and 753 graduate students. According to the Academic Ranking of World Universities, the college is ranked 6th in the world in the Engineering field.
Departments and Programs.
The College of Engineering comprises the following departments:
The college is connected to the UCSB campus through innovative multi-disciplinary/outreach academic programs:
Research Units.
One of the strengths of the College of Engineering is its ability to cross traditional academic boundaries in collaborative research. Much of this work is conducted through interdisciplinary research centers and institutes, which include:
Academics.
Undergraduate programs.
The college offers the B.S. degree in chemical engineering, computer engineering, computer science, electrical engineering, and mechanical engineering. The B.S. programs in chemical engineering, electrical engineering, and mechanical engineering are accredited by the Engineering Accreditation Commission of Accreditation Board for Engineering and Technology (ABET). The computer science B.S. program is accredited by the Computing Accreditation Commission of ABET. 
Jointly with the Department of Computer Science and the Department of Electrical and Computer Engineering, the college offers undergraduate degree in computer engineering.
The curriculum for the undergraduate programs is designed to be completed in four years.
Graduate programs.
The college offers the M.S. and Ph.D. degrees in chemical engineering, computer science, electrical and computer engineering, materials and mechanical engineering. 
The college also offers graduate programs in Biomolecular Science and Engineering and Media Arts and Technology.
Faculty.
The college has 145 faculty members, most of whom are involved in interdisciplinary research and academic programs. Twenty-seven faculty members are in the National Academy of Engineering and nine are elected to the National Academy of Sciences. Two faculty member have won the Nobel Prize. Alan J. Heeger, Professor of Physics and of Materials, won the 2000 Nobel Prize in Chemistry ""for the discovery and development of conductive polymers"" and Herbert Kroemer, Professor of Electrical and Computer Engineering and of Materials, won the 2000 Nobel Prize in Physics ""for developing semiconductor heterostructures used in high-speed and opto-electronics"". In 2006 Shuji Nakamura, a professor at Materials Department, won the Millennium Technology Prize for developing blue, green, and white LEDs and the blue laser diode.
Publications.
Convergence is the magazine of Engineering and the Sciences at UC Santa Barbara. Sponsored by the College of Engineering, the Division of Mathematical, Life, and Physical Sciences in the College of Letters and Science, and the California NanoSystems Institute, Convergence was begun in early 2005 as a three-times-a-year print publication, with the goal of bringing stories of interest from engineering and the sciences to the desks and coffee tables of a wide range of alumni, friends, partners, funding agencies, corporations, donors and potential supporters. This publication is available online and in print.

</doc>
<doc id="18604282" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18604282" title="Kent Ferguson">
Kent Ferguson

Kent M. Ferguson (born March 9, 1963 in Cedar Rapids, Iowa) is a retired diver from the United States. He competed for his native country at the 1992 Summer Olympics, finishing in fifth place in the Men's 3m Springboard event.
Ferguson won the gold medal in the same event a year earlier at the 1991 Pan American Games in Havana, Cuba, and at the 1991 World Aquatics Championships.

</doc>
<doc id="18604283" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18604283" title="Jesús Tavárez">
Jesús Tavárez

Jesús Rafael Tavárez Alcántaras (born March 26, 1971 in Santo Domingo, Dominican Republic) is a former professional baseball outfielder. He played five seasons in Major League Baseball, playing mainly in center field for three different teams from - seasons. He also played two seasons for the Haitai Tigers of the Korea Baseball Organization. Listed at 6' 0", 170 lb., he was a switch-hitter and threw right-handed. 
Tavárez entered the majors in 1994 with the Florida Marlins, playing for them three years before joining the Boston Red Sox (1997) and Baltimore Orioles (1998). His most productive season came in 1995 with the Marlins, when he posted career-numbers in batting average (.289), home runs (2), runs (31), RBI (13) and stolen bases (7). The next season he appeared in a career-high 98 games, while hitting just .219.
In a five-season career, Tavárez was a .239 hitter (101-for-228) with three home runs and 33 RBI in 228 games, including 12 doubles, three triples and 13 stolen bases. He also played in the Seattle, Florida, Boston, Baltimore and San Francisco minor league systems from 1990–99, hitting .274 with 22 home runs and 259 RBI in 741 games.

</doc>
<doc id="18604290" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18604290" title="Battle of Coire Na Creiche">
Battle of Coire Na Creiche

The Battle of Coire Na Creiche (Battle of Benquhillan) was a Scottish clan battle fought in the Isle of Skye in 1601. It was the culmination of a year of feuding between Clan MacLeod of Dunvegan and the Clan MacDonald of Sleat, that ended with a MacDonald victory in Coire Na Creiche on the northern slopes of the Cuillin hills. It was the last clan battle on Skye.
Background.
The Macleod and MacDonald Clans had been long at feud. Rory Mor MacLeod ("Ruaraidh MacLeòid") attempted to make peace, offering the hand of his sister, Margaret Macleod, in marriage to Donald Gorm Mor MacDonald ("Dòmhnall Gorm Mòr MacDhòmhnall"). The marriage itself was subject to a contract called a handfast. In a handfast arrangement, a man and woman lived together as man and wife for up to a year and a day. If, during this period, the woman bore a male child to be heir, then marriage would result. If not, then both parties returned to their respective families.
After a year and a day, Margaret MacLeod had not borne a child, male or female. Furthermore, at some point during this year, she had lost the sight in one eye. Donald MacDonald, having no further use for Margaret MacLeod, decided to send her back to her brother. He tied her, facing backwards, onto a one-eyed horse, led by a one-eyed servant and followed by a one-eyed mongrel dog, and sent all four back to Dunvegan Castle. Rory MacLeod, incensed by the insult to his sister, and ultimately to himself and his clan, once again declared war on the clan MacDonald. He devastated the Trotternish peninsula in the north of Skye, which prompted MacDonald to attack MacLeod land in Harris. These battles became known as the Wars of the One-Eyed Woman.
Carinish.
MacLeod responded with a raid on North Uist, sending 40 men under his cousin Donald Glas MacLeod to seize goods that the locals had put for safety in the Trinity Temple at Carinish. As the raiders ate breakfast in the church, they were surprised by twelve MacDonalds led by Donald MacIain 'ic Sheumais ("Donald, son of John, son of James") of Clan Ranald, who led the MacLeods into an ambush. Only two MacLeods survived the Battle of Carinish; Donald MacLeod was among the dead. 
On his way back to Skye to report his victory, a storm forced Donald MacIain 'ic Sheumais to seek shelter at Rodel in Harris. He was entertained there by Rory MacLeod, even after Rory learned the identity of his guests. However the MacDonalds wisely left secretly during the night; before dawn, MacLeod clansmen set fire to their quarters without the knowledge of their chief.
The final battle at Coire Na Creiche.
The feud continued to escalate, causing much suffering among the people. MacDonald decided to end it with a decisive battle. When Rory MacLeod went to seek the assistance of Archibald Campbell, 7th Earl of Argyll, MacDonald took the opportunity to launch an all-out invasion of northern Skye. The cattle seized in this attack were driven south to a traditional refuge for raiders, the Coire Na Creiche () overlooking Glen Brittle below Bruach na Frìthe.
Here the MacLeod forces led by Rory's brother Alasdair caught up with the MacDonalds. They joined battle late in the day and continued well into the night. The MacLeods were utterly defeated, with the capture of Alasdair MacLeod and 30 of his kinsmen.
Aftermath.
The Privy Council now intervened to end the feud. MacDonald was ordered to surrender himself to George Gordon, 1st Marquess of Huntly, and Rory MacLeod was to surrender to the Earl of Argyll. MacDonald agreed to release his prisoners, and the end of the feud was celebrated with three weeks of feasting and festivities at Dunvegan Castle. Aside from a brief flare-up in 1603, that was the end of violence between the two clans.
In popular culture.
The events are the subject of a comic folk song by Glasgow folk singer Matt McGinn. The song is called The One-Eyed Woman.

</doc>
<doc id="18604294" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18604294" title="1985 All-Ireland Senior Football Championship">
1985 All-Ireland Senior Football Championship

The 1985 All-Ireland Senior Football Championship was played from May to September, 1985. The final was between Kerry and Dublin for the second year running. Both of the semi-final encounters went to replays. In the final, Kerry defeated Dublin again by a scoreline of 2-12 to 2-08

</doc>
<doc id="18604296" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18604296" title="Bite It Like a Bulldog">
Bite It Like a Bulldog

"Bite It Like a Bulldog" is a single from Finnish hard rock band Lordi. It is the first single from the fourth studio album "Deadache" and was released digitally on September 1 and physically on September 3. The song rose to number one in the Finnish charts.
Music video.
A music video was made for the song and released on October 3, 2008. Limppu Lindberg, who has worked with Lordi as a graphic designer, directed the video. Lead vocalist Mr Lordi said that the aim of the video was to move away from previous videos by Lordi, and showcase the band's new, more 'grotesque' look. He also said it features a more complex storyline than previous Lordi videos.
While the storyline to the video is far more obscure than that of the previous videos, it appears to revolve around a police detective searching a slaughterhouse for evidence, presumeably due to something Lordi has done. As a result Lordi tortures him with a painful sound emitted from a record, and a television screen showing numerous home videos invaded by the monsters, attacking. The detective finds Lordi, in pure fear and shock, and Lordi leans over him. Awa is holding a video camera, and the video ends with a shot of it.
Special Edition.
The special edition version of the single was given away for free at a signing session which was held at Sello Shopping Centre in Espoo, Finland to celebrate the 550th anniversary of the City of Espoo. Kita, Awa and OX were also there to sign the CD and other things for fans.
The cover of the single features a picture of OX drawn by Mr. Lordi.
"Late Night with Conan O'Brien".
Lordi performed "Bite It Like A Bulldog" on the NBC show "Late Night with Conan O'Brien" on 6 November 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="18604311" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18604311" title="335th Squadron (HAF)">
335th Squadron (HAF)

The 335th Squadron (, 335 M), callsign "Tigers", is the oldest squadron in service with the Hellenic Air Force. It is based at Araxos Air Base in the Peloponnese, forming part of the 116th Combat Wing. Until March 2008, the squadron was equipped with the A-7H Corsair, and is operating with 30 newly purchased F-16 Block 52+ aircraft.
History.
Foundation and World War II.
In April 1941, the German "Wehrmacht" overran Greece. The Greek government under King George II fled to Allied-controlled Egypt, were it began to establish expatriate Greek Armed Forces. These were formed out of personnel that had been evacuated from Greece or fled to the Middle East during the Occupation, and were equipped and organised along British lines, coming under British command. They had also been formed from Greeks who migrated to Egypt or were born in Egypt before the War.
The squadron was formed as the 335th Royal Hellenic Pursuit Squadron (335 Βασιλική Ελληνική Μοίρα Διώξεως, 335 Β.Ε.Μ.Δ.), designated within the British Royal Air Force as No 335 (Greek) Squadron, on 10 October 1941 at Aqir airfield in Palestine. Its first commander was Squadron Leader Xenophon Varvaressos, and the personnel was provided from a core of Greek pilots who were undergoing training in Iraq, augmented by others who had fled from Greece. Initially it was equipped with Hurricane Mk I aircraft, and employed while training in defensive duties until January 1942. Subsequently the squadron was transferred to El Daba in Egypt, where it was declared as fully operational on 12 February 1942. The squadron began operations over the Western Desert, where it operated continuously until late 1942, participating in convoy protection, bomber escort and ground attack roles. Between June and September 1942, it was re-equipped with Hurricane IIBs. Under Squadron Leader Ioannis Kellas, the squadron participated in the air operations of the Second Battle of El Alamein; on 28 October 1942, the second anniversary of the Italian invasion of Greece, the squadron organized a strafing attack on the Italian XX Corps headquarters, an operation that was a huge morale booster for the expatriate Greeks. 
In the aftermath of the Allied victory, the squadron returned to shipping protection duties, while being outfitted with the newer Spitfire Mk Vb and Vc aircraft from December 1943 onwards. On 15 September, the squadron was moved along with its sister unit to the Italian theatre, from where it carried out operations primarily over occupied Yugoslavia.
In November the Greek squadrons returned to liberated Greece, where they were engaged in operations against the remaining German garrisons in the Aegean islands and Crete. On 31 July 1945, the squadron was disbanded from the RAF and transferred to Greek control. The motto of the 335 Squadron "Αίεν Υψικρατείν" ("Always dominate the Heights") is now the official motto of the Hellenic Air Force.
Post-war history.
Following the hand-over, the squadron was deployed to Sedes Air Base near Thessaloniki. From there, after the outbreak of the Greek Civil War, the squadron participated in operations against the Communist guerrillas. In June 1947 it was equipped with Spitfires Mk IX and XVI, which were retained until October 1953, when the squadron, now based at Elefsis, was equipped with jet aircraft: the US-made F-84 Thunderjet fighter-bombers and RT-33A reconnaissance aircraft. The redesignated 335th Fighter-Bomber Squadron (335 Μοίρα Διώξεως-Βομβαρδισμού) came under the 111th Combat Wing at Nea Anchialos until September 1957, when it redeployed to 110th Combat Wing at Larissa, where it was equipped with F-84F jets.
In November 1960, the squadron was transferred to Tanagra and assigned to ground strike duties as the 335th Strike Squadron (335 Μοίρα Κρούσης), where it remained until its transfer to Araxos in June 1977. In May 1965 the squadron was equipped with the F-104G, and would continue flying the Starfighters until May 1992. In December 1987 the squadron received 10 RF-104 aircraft and formed a separate Photoreconnaissance Flight. These aircraft remained in service until the type was decommissioned in May 1992.
On 3 April 1993, the squadron was established as the 335th Bomber Squadron (335 Μοίρα Βομβαρδισμού), flying the A-7H Corsair, from a batch of 62 aircraft handed over by the US Air Force as surplus following the First Gulf War. The squadron operated the aircraft until 2008, when it began receiving new F-16 Block 52+ "Advanced" aircraft. Converted to a multirole squadron, it became operational with the type in February 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="18604315" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18604315" title="North Horr Constituency">
North Horr Constituency

North Horr Constituency is an electoral constituency in Kenya. It is one of three constituencies in Marsabit District. The entire constituency is located within Marsabit County Council area. The constituency was established for the 1988 elections.

</doc>
<doc id="18604317" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18604317" title="1986 All-Ireland Senior Football Championship">
1986 All-Ireland Senior Football Championship

The 1986 All-Ireland Senior Football Championship was played from May to September, 1986. Kerry achieved a record equalling "Three In A Row" of All-Ireland titles with a victory over Tyrone in the final, by a scoreline of 2-15 to 1-10. It would be their last title until 11 years later, in 1997. 

</doc>
<doc id="18604320" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18604320" title="Andy Tomberlin">
Andy Tomberlin

Andy Lee Tomberlin (born November 7, 1966 in Monroe, North Carolina) is a former backup outfielder in Major League Baseball, playing mainly at right field for five different teams between the and seasons. Listed at , 160 lb, he batted and threw left-handed. 
A hard-throwing pitcher converted to full-time outfielder, Tomberlin entered the majors in 1993 with the Pittsburgh Pirates, playing for them one year before joining the Boston Red Sox (1994), Oakland Athletics (1995), New York Mets (1996–1997) and Detroit Tigers (1998). His most productive season came in 1995 with Oakland, when he posted career-numbers in home runs (4), runs (15), RBI (10) and stolen bases (4), while hitting a .212 batting average in 46 games. Then, with the 1996 Mets he hit .258 in a career-high 63 games.
In a six-season career, Tomberlin was a .233 hitter (71-for-305) with 11 home runs and 38 RBI in 192 games, including six doubles, two triples and six stolen bases. 
Tomberlin also played from 1986 through 2000 in the minor leagues for eight different organizations, hitting .292 with 110 home runs and 473 RBI in 1048 games. As a pitcher, he posted a 7–2 record with a 4.01 ERA in 33 minor league appearances.
Following his playing career, Tomberlin served as a scout for the Milwaukee Brewers (2001–02), and has coached in the minors for the High Desert Mavericks (2003–04), Winston-Salem Warthogs (2005), Birmingham Barons (2006, 2009–present) and Kannapolis Intimidators (2007–2008).

</doc>
<doc id="18604338" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18604338" title="Nickelodeon Arabia">
Nickelodeon Arabia

Nickelodeon Arabia was a satellite, free-to-air channel for Arab children, teens and adults. It was the official Arab arm of Nickelodeon and the last remaining arm to retain the 'splat' logo that was used from 2003 - 2009 in the United States and 2002 - 2010 in Europe.
It was the second channel in the joint venture between MTV Networks International and Arabian Television Network, part of Arab Media Group, the largest media group in the United Arab Emirates, after the successful launch for MTV Arabia (now known as MTV Middle East).
As of 2011, it was the only Nickelodeon channel worldwide that had not changed its logo from the orange splat to the orange text. Since late 2010, the channel had been suffering a frozen broadcast, broadcasting its usual programmes repetitively without any evidence of upcoming updates. Its official website went down, and there were no clear indications or citations for why the channel was heavily neglected. Regardless, the channel remained live for many months into 2011.
On 8 September 2011, at one minute past midnight in U.A.E. time, and without a mainstream warning, the channel went on an indefinite hiatus without any explanation. The broadcast signal initially displayed nothing but a static message indicating Nickelodeon Arabia's viewers to continue watching Nickelodeon programmes via the Nickelodeon block on MBC 3. The signal then reverted to a casual test card a few days later , and the channel was de-listed by various satellite television providers. A few months later, the signal itself disappeared completely.
Programming.
The animated shows featured on Nickelodeon Arabia are all dubbed into Arabic, and there had been no means of switching between audio languages. The live-action TeenNick shows aired in English with Arabic subtitles. Original social shows produced by Nickelodeon Arabia's own studio, such as "Shoof Kids" and "Jamaatna", were also in Arabic.
Most of the network shows were outdated, older series at the time of their debut, although they are considered fairly never-before-seen by most of the Arab audience at one time, in either their English or Arabic formats. There were even several series yet to debut on Nickelodeon Arabia, with exception of "The Fairly OddParents", which apparently already settled on the Middle Eastern Disney Channel. Although Fairly OddParent characters did appear in activity segments from Nickelodeon Magazine cutouts.
Like most Arab channels, Nickelodeon did feature censorship. This was similar to the censorship on MTV Arabia.
Shows that originally aired.
Filler shows.
The following short-slot shows appeared as fillers in-between the prime shows:
Original Programming.
Catch Match.
"Catch Match" (كاتش ماتش) was an original programme for Nickelodeon Arabia that was renewed every holy month of Ramadan. It was a kids' game show that had two opposing teams compete in a variety of physical challenges to gain the most points. This show was hosted by the announcer Taj Aser, and was filmed on location in Jeddah.
Shoof Kids.
"Shoof Kids" was an original show that featured home-made videos sent in by viewers.

</doc>
<doc id="18604341" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18604341" title="Mark Bradshaw (diver)">
Mark Bradshaw (diver)

Mark Daniel Bradshaw (born May 12, 1962 in Happy Camp, California) is a retired diver from the United States. He competed for his native country at the 1988 Summer Olympics, finishing in fifth place in the Men's 3m Springboard event.
Bradshaw twice won a silver medal in the same event at the Pan American Games, in 1991 and 1995. He was affiliated with the Ohio State University.

</doc>
<doc id="18604342" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18604342" title="Chris Nash">
Chris Nash

Christopher David "Chris" Nash (born 19 May 1983) is an English cricketer who plays for Sussex County Cricket Club.
He also played first-class cricket for Loughborough UCCE in 2003 and 2004 having made his first-class debut for Sussex in 2002, against Warwickshire at Edgbaston.
Nash was born in Cuckfield, Sussex. A specialist batsman, although he currently opens the batting for Sussex he started his career as an off-spin bowler, batting down the order, both for Sussex and Loughborough UCCE.
He was part of the Sussex team which won the County Championship in 2006 and 2007 while he played twice in the group stages in Sussex's successful Cheltenham & Gloucester Trophy campaign of 2006.
He scored his maiden first-class hundred on 7 August 2008 against Lancashire at Old Trafford.
He also plays for Horsham CC and is a fan of Horsham FC.

</doc>
<doc id="18604344" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18604344" title="Exit (economics)">
Exit (economics)

Exit, in economics, means opting out of future transactions.
Overview.
A firm can secure its ability to exit, for instance, by only agreeing to contracts that contain a clause that allows for termination on terms it feels would be acceptable. In constitutional economics, it implies a right of secession. However, a citizen seeking simply to avoid paying income taxes can also exit by emigrating to a country with more favorable laws, assuming such a country exists and allows their immigration.

</doc>
<doc id="18604359" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18604359" title="Jetliner (disambiguation)">
Jetliner (disambiguation)

A jetliner is an airliner propelled by jet engines.
Jetliner or jet liner may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18604363" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18604363" title="Castle Arcade">
Castle Arcade

The Castle Arcade is a shopping arcade in Cardiff, South Wales.
Started in 1887, it runs south from opposite Cardiff Castle, and then turns east to exit on the High Street, north of St Mary's Street, in the Castle Quarter. One of the longer of Cardiff's famous Victorian arcades, it is also one of Cardiff's only two level shopping arcades, the other being Cardiff Market.
Today Castle Arcade is home to a variety of small boutique shops including cafes, delicatessens, fair-trade and organic retaillers. There are also several shops on the gallery level.
Castle Arcade was Grade II* listed in 1975.

</doc>
<doc id="18604370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18604370" title="1987 All-Ireland Senior Football Championship">
1987 All-Ireland Senior Football Championship

The 1987 All-Ireland Senior Football Championship was played from May to September, 1987. The final was to be the first of many encounters in the following years between Meath and Cork. The decider was won by Meath, by a scoreline of 1-14 to 0-11.

</doc>
<doc id="18604373" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18604373" title="Ladeuzeplein">
Ladeuzeplein

The Mgr. Ladeuzeplein is a square (plein is Dutch for square) in the center of Leuven (.). The square was named after a former rector of the Catholic University Leuven, Monseigneur Paulin Ladeuze. The Ladeuzeplein is the largest square in Leuven. Until World War II it was called the Volksplaats or People's Place.
Among the local population the square was known as the Jerkarlisse. This name is derived from the Clarisse religious order who used to have a monastery at this location, when it still was a sandy hill (Jer refers in the local dialect to dirt, thus unpaved, as contrary to the adjacent Stiënkarlisse, the former paved "Graanmarkt", now Herbert Hooverplein). In 1783 the monastery was abolished and the city of Leuven bought the estate from the Belgian authorities, who had inherited it, in order to establish a market dedicated to the sale of wood. The hill was leveled off and the first house on the square was erected in 1812. At this time the square was named "Place Napoleon", later it was renamed the Volksplaats and eventually it became the Mgr. Ladeuzeplein.
University Library.
The square is dominated visually by the monumental library of the University. Even though the neo-Renaissance exterior implies otherwise, the building is relatively recent, dating from 1921. The library was a gift from the American people to the city of Leuven, after the original 17th century library near the Grote Markt was burned down by the German occupying forces in August 1914. The fire destroyed not only a large part of the cultural patrimony of the medieval city, but it also caused the loss of countless and irreplaceable historical manuscripts and books, many dating back centuries.
This act of violence caused uproar throughout the world and several, mostly American, charities were established to compensate the loss, so in 1921 work was begun to build a new library, on the square now known as Ladeuzeplein. The new building also contains one of the largest carillons in Europe, it was created and offered as a gift in 1928, by US engineers as a monument of remembrance for all colleagues who lost their lives during World War I. The carillon originally contained 48 bells, that being the number of states in the Union at the time of the gift. The main bell, which rings every hour on the hour, is named the "Liberty Bell of Louvain" and the fourth largest bell contains an inscription calling for world peace.
In May 1940, in the first year of World War II, the German occupiers again destroyed, almost completely, the (new) University Library. After the war the building was reconstructed almost completely along the original plans. After a substantial renovation from 1999 to 2003 the exterior, carillon and roof structure are once again restored to their former beauty and dominate views of the square.
In January 2014 a permanent exhibit on these wartime events was installed over five floors of the bell tower.
Art.
In 2005 the Catholic University Leuven celebrated its 575th anniversary and decided to thank the city of Leuven for its hospitality by asking renowned artist Jan Fabre to create a fitting sculpture and present it as a gift to the city. Fabre designed a modern art installation called the Totem. It consists of a huge Thai jewel beetle stuck on a high steel needle. The juxtaposition of the surreal view of the bug on a needle in front of the neo-classical library building perfectly captures the spirit of the city and university of Leuven.
The ancient art of citywide musical recitals also still is very much alive. There are regular recitals carried out on the carillon, which was completely restored in 1983 and expanded to 63 bells.

</doc>
<doc id="18604374" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18604374" title="Variola (Serranidae)">
Variola (Serranidae)

Variola is a genus of fish in the Serranidae family.

</doc>
<doc id="18604377" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18604377" title="Fitzgerald, Georgia micropolitan area">
Fitzgerald, Georgia micropolitan area

The Fitzgerald Micropolitan Statistical Area, as defined by the United States Census Bureau, is an area consisting of two counties in Georgia, anchored by the city of Fitzgerald.
As of the 2000 census, the area had a population of 27,415 (though a July 1, 2009 estimate placed the population at 27,653).
Demographics.
As of the census of 2000, there were 27,415 people, 10,317 households, and 7,327 families residing within the area. The racial makeup of the area was 66.41% White, 30.19% African American, 0.15% Native American, 0.30% Asian, 0.01% Pacific Islander, 2.27% from other races, and 0.67% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 3.65% of the population.
The median income for a household in the area was $28,679, and the median income for a family was $34,129. Males had a median income of $27,789 versus $20,040 for females. The per capita income for the area was $14,480.

</doc>
<doc id="18604398" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18604398" title="Jamie Mitchell (footballer)">
Jamie Mitchell (footballer)

Jamie Mitchell (born 6 November 1976 in Glasgow) is a former Scottish footballer.
Mitchell began his career with Norwich City, but failed to make an appearance. He joined Scarborough for a two year spell in the English 3rd Division, winning a young player of the year award during his time there. He then returned to Scotland to join Clyde. Mitchell was an important part of the Clyde team, and won 3 Player of the Year awards in a row, becoming a fans favourite and Clyde Legend. He joined Clyde's arch rivals Partick Thistle in 2002 playing there for 3 seasons, 2 of which in the Scottish Premier League, before a serious hip injury forced him to retire in 2005. He now works in the world of finance for RBS in Glasgow City Centre.

</doc>
<doc id="18604404" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18604404" title="Patrick Jeffrey">
Patrick Jeffrey

Patrick S. Jeffrey (born June 25, 1965) is a retired diver from the United States. As a college athlete on the Ohio State University swimming & diving team, swept the three diving events (one-meter, three-meter and platform) at the Big Ten championship his senior year and was named conference Diver of the Year.
He twice competed for his native country at the Summer Olympics, in 1988 and 1996. During the 1996, he was already out and performed as an openly gay athlete. His best result was a ninth place in the Men's 10m Platform event in Atlanta, Georgia (1996). Jeffrey twice won a bronze medal in the same event at the Pan American Games, in 1991 and 1995.
Since 1999 he has been the diving coach at Florida State University, and under his guidance they have dominated the Atlantic Coast Conference in that sport.

</doc>
<doc id="18604406" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18604406" title="1988 All-Ireland Senior Football Championship">
1988 All-Ireland Senior Football Championship

The 1988 All-Ireland Senior Football Championship was played from May to October, 1988. For the second year in a row, the final was between Meath and Cork. Once again the outcome was the same, Meath winning the replay by a scoreline of 0-13 to 0-9.

</doc>
<doc id="18604409" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18604409" title="Allegations of misappropriations related to the Iraq War">
Allegations of misappropriations related to the Iraq War

Iraq War misappropriation refers to allegations that billions of dollars have not been properly accounted for or were misappropriated during the Iraq War from funds released by the United States Congress for programs, including the re-construction and re-building of Iraq. Gag orders from the United States Department of Justice/White House are preventing further inquiry into the allegations.
Official audits and investigations.
In July 2008, the United States Department of Justice had around 900 cases of alleged fraud by contractors to investigate. The Defense Contract Audit Agency similarly has uncovered $10 billion in questionable Iraq contracts, and a US audit found that the occupation authority had lost track of reconstruction funds totalling nearly $9 billion.
Henry Waxman, Chairman of the United States House of Representatives committee on oversight and government reform, said: 
"The money that's gone into waste, fraud and abuse under these contracts is just so outrageous, it's egregious. It may well turn out to be the largest war profiteering in history."
Media investigations.
Vanity Fair.
In an October 2007 article, two Vanity Fair writers examined the fate of $ 12 billion in U.S. currency which was transported from the Federal Reserve to Baghdad in April 2003 and June 2004, where it was dispensed by the Coalition Provisional Authority. They concluded that of this sum "at least $ 9 billion has gone missing".
Panorama/BBC.
BBC television program "Panorama" (9 June 2008) investigated and claimed that "as much as $23bn (£11.75bn) may have been lost, stolen or not properly accounted for in Iraq. Panorama used US and Iraqi government sources to research how much some private contractors have profited from the conflict and rebuilding.
Dispatches.
"Dispatches: Iraq's Missing Billions", produced by Guardian Films, was broadcast on United Kingdom's Channel 4 at 8:00 pm on March 20, 2006.
Current government expenditure.
Twelve billion dollars or more per month is currently being spent in Iraq with little accountability or oversight.
Immunization of contractors and gagging orders.
It has been alleged that there may also have been some "immunized foreign contractors" involved in this scandal. US gagging orders are currently preventing discussion of the allegations. The order applies to 70 court cases against some of the top US companies.
Missing UN funds.
At the start of the Iraq war, the United Nations awarded $23 billion of Iraq money to the US-led coalition to re-develop Iraq. Around $12 billion was flown to Iraq in cash, in $100 notes, because of the collapse of the banking system.

</doc>
<doc id="18604424" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18604424" title="Water table (architecture)">
Water table (architecture)

A water table is a masonry architectural feature that consists of a projecting course that deflects water running down the face of a building away from lower courses or the foundation. A water table may be found near the base of a wall or at a transition between materials, such as from stone to brick.
A water table is a projection of lower masonry on the outside of the wall slightly above the ground. Often a damp
course is placed at the level of the water table to prevent upward penetration of ground water.
Note the water table around the base of the Arthur Heurtley House (illustration provided in that article) designed and built by Frank Lloyd Wright in 1902.

</doc>
<doc id="18604434" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18604434" title="Ictineo I">
Ictineo I

Ictineu I was a pioneering submarine constructed in Barcelona, Catalonia, Spain in 1858–1859 by engineer Narcís Monturiol i Estarriol.
History.
While living in Cadaqués, Monturiol witnessed the death of a coral harvester, which inspired him with the idea of a ship that could sail underwater and allow coral divers to work in safety. He kept his ideas to himself for over 12 years, concerned that he might be ridiculed and also because he did not have the funds to build such a vessel. A friend convinced him that his idea must be brought to life, and that sufficient funds could be found from friends and the general public.
Monturiol had already named his vessel "Ictineu", from the ancient Greek "icthus" (fish) and "naus" (boat). As he put it, the "Ictíneo’s" "form is that of a fish, and like a fish it has its motor in the tail, fins to control its direction, and swimming bladders and ballast to maintain an equilibrium with the water from the moment it submerges".
In September 1857 he returned to Barcelona, where he organized the first commercial society in Spain dedicated to submarine navigation, "Monturiol, Font, Altadill y Cia." with a capital of 10,000 pesetas. In 1858 he presented his project in a scientific thesis titled "The Ictineu or fish-ship".
On 28 June 1859, Monturiol was ready for the "Ictineu's" first voyage and the submarine was launched into Barcelona harbour. Unfortunately, she hit some underwater pilings, which Monturiol estimated would exhaust his funds to properly repair. He performed some hasty repairs on the damaged portholes, exterior hull, and ballast tanks, and limited his diving depth to .
During the summer of 1859 Monturiol performed more than 20 test dives in the "Ictineu", with his business partner and shipbuilder as crew. He gradually increased the depth he dived to until he reached his limit and learned that the crew could remain dived for about 2 hours using only the oxygen sealed inside the pressure hull, and that their endurance could be doubled using compressed oxygen and his carbon dioxide scrubber. The "Ictineu" turned out to possess good handling, but its top speed was disappointing, powered as it was by human muscle power.
"Ictineu" was eventually destroyed in January 1862 after some 50 dives, when a cargo vessel ran into it while it was berthed. It was succeeded by the much improved "Ictineo II".
A modern replica of the "Ictineu I" stands in the garden entrance to the Marine Museum in Barcelona.
Description.
Monturiol realized that the ideal shape for a submarine from the point of view of hydrodynamics and steerage was that of a fish. However, the optimum shape for a hull to withstand water pressure was a sphere. He therefore combined the two, with an inner, ellipsoidal pressure hull and an outer, streamlined, fish-shaped hull, inventing what is now called a light hull, with a space between the two hulls which was open to the sea and free-flooding.
Monturiol had originally wanted to build his pressure hull out of metal in the interests of strength but he and his financial backers lacked sufficient funds, so he instead settled for wood, with which he was familiar since his father was a cooper. The pressure hull was constructed from olive wood, supported with oak rings, and covered in 2 mm of copper, and measured long, at its highest, and wide. Monturiol calculated that it should be able to maintain its integrity to a depth of , although he only rated it to for the sake of safety. The outer streamlined hull was long, high, and displaced 10 tonnes. Several thick glass ports were installed on the sides, top, and bow of the "Ictineo"; these were semi-conical in shape so that water pressure would tend to force them more firmly into their seats and so avoid leaks.
Four ballast tanks (or bladders, as he called them) were installed in the free-flooding area between the submarine's two hulls, two located forward and two towards the rear, all controlled from inside the pressure hull using valves to admit water and pumps to force in air. An emergency system was fitted to ensure that the submarine could surface even if the ballast tank system failed, consisting of two sets of large weights fitted to the exterior which could be jettisoned to give the vessel positive buoyancy. Monturiol also included a large weight mounted inside the submarine on a longitudinal metal track, which could be moved back and forth to counteract shifts in the vessel's centre of gravity.
For propulsion, Monturiol used hand-cranked propellers. He invented a chemical air scrubber to remove carbon dioxide from the interior by forcing the air through a container of calcium hydroxide, thus allowing the vessel to remain underwater for longer periods. He also devised a method of producing oxygen which unfortunately proved impractical because it also produced sulfuric acid as a byproduct. For interior illumination he used a simple candle, which had the advantage of turning red when oxygen was beginning to run low and so alerted the crew.

</doc>
<doc id="18604436" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18604436" title="Joseph Pepper">
Joseph Pepper

Joseph Pepper is the lead guitarist in the rock band, Cartel.
Biography.
Joseph Pepper was born on May 15, 1983 in Tucson, Arizona, but moved to Conyers, Georgia as a child. Pepper learned to play guitar early in his life and discovered that he wanted to pursue a career as a musician. His first playing experiences were at a small family church in Conyers.
Once in high school, he met Will Pugh and Kevin Sanders; together they would eventually become Cartel.

</doc>
<doc id="18604437" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18604437" title="Boar's Head Inn">
Boar's Head Inn

The Boar's Head Inn may refer to a number of former taverns in London, of which the following are the most famous:
The Boar's Head Inn may also refer to a hotel and resort located in Charlottesville, Virginia. Owned by the University of Virginia, it is likely that it was named after the London establishments.
There is also a Boar's Head Pub located at 161 Ontario Street, in Stratford, Ontario, Canada. Stratford is noted for its long running annual Shakespeare Festival and its Shakespeare-themed street names, restaurants, hotels, and craft shops.

</doc>
<doc id="18604440" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18604440" title="Ictineo II">
Ictineo II

Ictineo II was a pioneering submarine launched in 1864 by engineer Narcís Monturiol i Estarriol of Catalonia, Spain and was the first air independent and combustion powered submarine and was the first submarine to overcome the basic problems of machine powered underwater navigation.
History.
The "Ictineo II" was originally intended as an improved version of the handpowered "Ictineo I". The Spanish Navy pledged support to Monturiol but did not actually supply it, so he had to raise funds himself, writing a "letter to the nation" to encourage a popular subscription which raised 300,000 pesetas from citizens of Spain and Cuba and was used to form the company "La Navegación Submarina" to develop the "Ictineo II".
The "Ictineo II" made her maiden voyage under human power on 20 May 1865, submerging to . A few months later, Monturiol attempted to attract government funding by installing a cannon that could be aimed and fired from inside the submarine. After reading about the American Civil War and the attempts at submarine construction such as the CSS "Hunley", the financially desperate Monturiol wrote to the US Secretary of the Navy; however, the Civil War had ended by the time the Secretary responded.
Dissatisfied with the limitations placed on him by human propulsion, Monturiol realized that the only option was steam power, but contemporary steam engines required a fire which was not an option for a submarine. To this end he invented the air independent engine.
Monturiol envisaged a new vessel, custom built to house his new engine, which would be entirely built of metal with the engine housed in its own separate compartment. However, due to the state of his finances, construction of a new vessel was out of the question, and instead he managed to assemble enough funds to fit the engine into the "Ictineo II".
On 22 October 1867 the "Ictineo II" made its first surface journey under steam power, averaging with a top speed of . Two months later, on 14 December, Monturiol submerged the vessel and ran his chemical engine, but without attempting to travel anywhere.
On 23 December, "La Navegación Submarina" went bankrupt, having completely exhausted its funds. Monturiol had spent 100,000 Duros — which could have purchased several frigates, or of gold — and could attract no more investment. The chief creditor called in his debt, and Monturiol was forced to surrender the "Ictineo II", which was his sole asset. The creditor subsequently sold it on to a businessman, and the authorities, who taxed all ships, issued its new owner with a tax bill. Rather than pay, he dismantled the entire submarine and sold it for scrap. The ship's surface motor was removed to a textile factory; viewports ended up as bathroom windows.
Description.
The "Ictineo II" was long, wide, and high. Her displacement was 46 tonnes and her interior volume was . She was built of olive wood with oak reinforcements, and a 2 mm thick layer of copper. Her upper side had a deck wide and a hatch with three glazed portholes in diameter and thick glass blocks. The submarine could be steered from the conning tower by means of an endless screw gear.
Four ballast tanks of capacity were located symmetrically on each side in the free flooding areas between the streamlined outer light hull and the inner pressure hull. The ballast tanks would be flooded at will to submerge and surfacing was achieved by forcing air into them with a pump. Pitch during diving was controlled by a weight which could be moved longitudinally along a rail, remotely controlled by the helmsman. The submarine also had an emergency mechanism intended to jettison the ballast to allow it to surface quickly.
The most important innovation in the "Ictineo II" was its air independent propulsion for underwater navigation. A reaction of zinc, manganese dioxide and potassium chlorate heated the boiler of a steam engine and the oxygen released by the reaction could be used for breathing and illumination. Monturiol purchased a six-cylinder steam engine and divided it in half; one half was powered by a coal-burning boiler for surface propulsion while the other half was powered by a separate boiler heated by his chemical mixture.

</doc>
<doc id="18604443" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18604443" title="University of Montana School of Journalism">
University of Montana School of Journalism

The University of Montana School of Journalism is located at the University of Montana in Missoula, Montana, and is one of the oldest accredited journalism programs in the United States.
History.
Founded in 1914 with eight students, the school originally operated out of a number of army surplus tents on the university grounds, then moved to a bicycle shed before finally settling in a newly built wooden building. The next journalism building was completed in 1936. In June 2007, the journalism program relocated again to the newly constructed Don Anderson Hall.
Studies.
The j-school offers both undergraduate and graduate level studies in five main areas:
The program is accredited and is in partnership with the Accrediting Council on Education in Journalism and Mass Communications.
Graduate Program.
The University of Montana's Master's program in Environmental Science and Natural Resource Journalism was created in 2010. The program was announced less than a month after Columbia University, in New York City, suspended their Earth and Environmental Science Journalism dual masters degree program.
Accepting eight students a year who wish to specialize in reporting environmental issues, the Master's program invites applicants with undergraduate degrees in science and environmental studies, along with applicants with degrees or professional experience in journalism. Applications are only accepted for fall semester. The application deadline is February 15.
The two year interdisciplinary program requires course work in both journalism and hard sciences. The program trains graduate students to communicate environmental issues through various platforms such as print and photo stories, multimedia projects, and web and broadcast documentaries.
Curriculum.
The program is based on a total of 36 credits. Graduate level journalism courses consist of 18 credits, while 12 credits must be earned in non-journalism graduate courses in environmental sciences.
The journalism graduate courses available to students range from skill focused classes like learning documentary photojournalism to covering and reporting on Native American issues across the Montana's seven reservations. An internship is also required for the degree, but the program challenges students to apply for intern positions at natural resource and environmental science organizations, like the United States Forest Service. The program's website explains how the "externship" works.
"The purpose of the externship is to "switch sides": Rather than working as reporters, editors or communications specialists, as they would during an internship, students work as firefighters, field technicians, farmhands, lab assistants or contract laborers. They shadow company executives and contribute to research, but they don't help develop publications or write press releases."
Graduate students are required to produce a professional project. The project is an in-depth story covering an environmental science or natural resource issue. The project may be one large, documentary style piece or a series of shorter thematically related stories. The topic is subjected to approval by the student's project committee.
Features.
The Montana Kaimin became a daily newspaper in 1938, allowing students to hone their journalism skills in a real-world environment.
Likewise, the campus radio station KBGA provides opportunities for students in broadcast journalism, and radio production programs.
Notable alumni.
The school and its students/alumni have achieved significant national in international success, including:
Well-known alumni include:

</doc>
<doc id="18604453" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18604453" title="Art Sullivan">
Art Sullivan

Art Sullivan (born Marc Liénart van Lidth de Jeude; 22 November 1950) is a Belgian singer. He was successful in many countries, including Belgium, France, Portugal and Germany. Art Sullivan has sold ten million records between 1972 and 1978. Compilations of his hits are still released.
Noble house van Lidth.
The noble hous of lidth is living in Belgium and the Netherlands. The parents of Art sullivan are Marie-José d'Udekem d'Acoz and Josse Liénart van Lidth de Jeude. His mother, daughter of Baron Guy d'Udekem is a relative of Mathilde d'Udekem d'Acoz, they have little contact.
Discography.
Singles released in France/Belgium include:
External links.
Most of the information contained in this stub comes from: 

</doc>
<doc id="18604454" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18604454" title="Karen LaFace">
Karen LaFace

Karen Marie LaFace (born January 29, 1966, in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania) is a retired female diver from the United States.
She competed for the USA at the 1992 Summer Olympics, finishing in ninth place in the Women's 3m Springboard event. LaFace won the gold medal in the same event a year earlier at the 1991 Pan American Games.
LaFace was state diving champion in high school at the PIAA (Pennsylvania) Meet and competed in the National Sports Festival in Indianapolis, Indiana, in the early 1980s.

</doc>
<doc id="18604502" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18604502" title="Kapeliele Faupala">
Kapeliele Faupala

Kapeliele "Gabriel" Faupala (born in 1940 [http://tronosdeoro.blogspot.com/2008/11/la-coronacin-del-rey-de-la-isla-de.html]) is the 51st Lavelua (King) of Wallis Island (Uvea), one of the three traditional kingdoms which comprises the French overseas territory of Wallis and Futuna. Faupala was officially crowned Lavelua on July 25, 2008, succeeding Tomasi Kulimoetoke II, who died in May 2007.
Biography.
Faupala is locally known as Kalae Kivalu before his coronation, by Wallisians. He was chosen by the late King of 'Uvea Tomasi Kulimoetoke II, to become the holder of the "Kalae Kivalu" Title (Prime Minister). He is from the village of Ahoa, which is located in the center of Wallis Island. Faupala is a retired public servant, who worked for the French administration of Wallis and Futuna as well as the local Wallisian public works department until his retirement in 1995.
As Kalae Kivalu, Faupala was head of the Customary Council of Ministers for four years from approximately 2004 until his coronation in 2008. The Customary Council of Ministers enjoys a certain level of official recognition from the government of France under the 1961 treaty signed by Tomasi Kulimoetoke II which made Wallis and Futuna a French overseas territory ("Territoire d'Outre-Mer").
Lavelua.
Faupala's predecessor as Lavelua of Wallis, Tomasi Kulimoetoke II, died in May 2007. Kulimoetoke had served as the King for 48 years since his coronation in 1959. A six-month period of mourning was held after Kulimoetoke's death, when it was considered taboo by Wallisians to discuss a possible successor to the throne. Kulimoetoke had a sometimes strained relationship with French authorities during the final years of his reign.
The period of mourning officially ended in November 2007, at which time discussions for a possible successor formally began. A Council of Ministers had taken up the role of royal duties after Kuliemoetoke's death and was charged with finding his successor. Two main feuding royal families of Wallis had been engaged in a behind the scenes fight for the previous three years to secure the throne of Uvea. Their struggle to succeed Kulimoetoke had begun before the previous King's death in 2007. The royal Wallisian families, or clans, were from the North (Hihifo) and South (Mu'a) of Wallis Island. Each offered their own candidate to succeed Kuliemoetoke. Each royal clan also claimed to be the rightful next-in-line to the throne, which led to an impasse in negotiations for months.
Ultimately, after months of deliberations, the traditional Council of Ministers chose Kapiliele Faupala to become the new King of Wallis (Uvea) in an announcement held in mid July 2008. Kuliemoetoke had originally chosen Faupala as his hand-picked successor before his death in May 2007. The candidates from the other feuding chiefly clans and royal families on Wallis were rejected by the Council. The announcement of Faupala as the new King sparked protests by the other royal families and clans across Wallis. Critics charged that the Council of Ministers should have more actively worked toward reconciling the different arguing clans on Wallis before announcing a final choice for King of Uvea. The North and South royal families also claimed that they should have been actively consulted by the Council in choosing the new monarch for the island.
The Kulitea of the minority called "Rénovateurs", Po'oi Fotofili, called for calm and denounced calls for violence saying, "We have decided not to move for the time being. We will let this crowning take its own course. We are calling on our people to remain calm in order to maintain peace on the territory. But this doesn't mean that we will just sit back and watch." He hinted at future action by the disgruntled royal clans following the coronation, including the possibility of appointing additional, new rival Kings on Wallis Island who are not endorsed by the Council of Ministers. As Fotofili said to the three main royal family clans on Wallis - Mu'a, Hahake and Hihifo - "Should we have one King for each district, or just one King for all three districts? Should the current situation be reviewed? All this will be put on the table and discussed with all the great families."
Coronation.
Kapiliele Faupala was formally crowned the 51st Lavelua of Wallis on July 25, 2008. He chose to retain the title and name of Lavelua. His coronation took place in Mata-Utu, the capital of Wallis and Futuna, on the main grounds of Malae Sagato Soane and gathered more than 3,000 persons, where Faupala's predecessor, Tomasi Kulimoetoke II, is buried. The coronation ended several days of formal traditional Wallisian celebrations, which included a kava ceremony and the presentation of gifts to the new King. Faupala was 68 years old at the time of his coronation. 
Several of Wallis's chiefly royal families, only in the North (Hihifo), chose not to attend Faupala's coronation due to the ongoing dispute over the royal succession.
The coronation took place in the presence of the French Secretary General to the Administrator Superior of Wallis and Futuna, since the current Administrator Superior, Richard Didier, was traveling outside of Wallis and Futuna at the time. A large delegation from New Caledonia, which is also a French overseas possession, also attended the coronation. There are currently over 23,000 citizens of Wallis and Futuna residing in New Caledonia, which makes them an important community. New Caledonian dignitaries included Marie-Claude Tjibaou, the current Chair of Agency for the Development of Kanak Culture. A number of pro-French New Caledonian political parties were also represented including the president of Future Together, Didier Leroux. Other New Caledonian political and traditional figures, such as the Chairman of South Province Philippe Gomès and the High Chief of Lifou Island, Evanes Boula, also attended Faupala's coronation on invitation.
The New Caledonian delegation was careful not to become involved with the internal Wallisian royal succession dispute. Didier Leroux said in an interview with the local Réseau France Outre-mer television station that, "We were invited to attend the ceremonies. But I'd like to point out that we come as external observers and I would not like to take sides in the current quarrel between one side or the other."

</doc>
<doc id="18604503" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18604503" title="Llewellyn Lloyd">
Llewellyn Lloyd

George Llewellyn Lloyd (1877-1 August 1957) was a Welsh international half-back who played club rugby for Newport and county rugby with Kent. He won 12 caps for Wales and captained the team on one occasion against Scotland.
Rugby career.
Lloyd played as a back for Wales in an era before specialised positions were adopted and along with fellow Newport player Lou Phillips formed a strong partnership sharing half-back duties, working the scrummage and playing outside. Never seen as an explosive or attacking back, which would later typify Welsh play, he was seen as a player of calm nerves who could stay cool under pressure.
Lloyd captained Newport for four seasons between 1899 and 1903, in the last three the team lost only 7 out of 89 matches. In early 1899 Lloyd completed the last of his law exams, qualifying as a solicitor.
International career.
Jones made his début against Ireland in 1896 after the departure of Swansea backs Evan and David James; in an aggressive match played on a muddy pitch which Wales lost. Between Jones moving to London for a period and the year lost by Wales during the 'Gould Affair', he would not gain another cap until 1899. Paired with Phillips, Jones would make another six appearances before Phillips broke down during the 1901 Scottish game and never played for Wales again. For the next match Lloyd was dropped when the Welsh selectors switched to the Swansea pairing of Owen and Jones, the 'Dancing Dickies'. Lloyd was recalled during the 1901/02 season, mainly due to his club work with Welsh star player Gwyn Nicholls. In 1903 Lloyd retired from international rugby due to outside professional pressures.
International matches played.
Wales

</doc>
<doc id="18604505" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18604505" title="Venustiano Carranza, Chiapas">
Venustiano Carranza, Chiapas

Venustiano Carranza is a town and one of the 119 Municipalities of Chiapas, in southern Mexico.
As of 2005, the municipality had a total population of 52,833. It covers an area of 1396.1 km².

</doc>
<doc id="18604509" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18604509" title="Joe Trimble">
Joe Trimble

Joseph Gerard Trimble (October 12, 1930 – August 11, 2011) was an American pitcher in Major League Baseball who played in part of two seasons for the Boston Red Sox () and Pittsburgh Pirates (). Listed at 6' 1", 190 lb., he batted and threw right-handed.
Trimble posted a 0-2 record with a 7.48 ERA in 43 appearances, including four starts, giving up 19 runs (one unearned) on 23 hits and 16 walks while striking out 10 in 21 ⅔ innings of work. 

</doc>
<doc id="18604516" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18604516" title="Ahmed Adel Abd El-Moneam">
Ahmed Adel Abd El-Moneam

Ahmed Adel Abd El-Moneam () (born April 10, 1987) is an Egyptian goalkeeper, playing for the Egyptian football team El Ahly.
Ahmed made his competitive debut for El Ahly against Ismaily in season 2007/08 and it was 1-1 draw after Essam El-Hadary departure to FC Sion and Amir Abdelhamid's injury.
Ahmed Adel was selected to play for Egypt at the 2005 FIFA World Youth Championship in the Netherlands.
2009/2010 Season.
In the 2009/2010 season, under new coach Hossam El Badry, Ahmed Adel was chosen as the regular keeper for the team. Ahmed Adel made great performances and managed to keep many clean sheets. Prior to that Ahmed Adel was chosen for the preliminary African Cup Of Nations 2010 squad for Egypt but was left out of the final 23-man squad.When El Ahly signed Sherif Ekramy half way through the 2009/2010 season,and he no longer became part of the starting eleven.
2011/2012 Season.
He made some appearances due to Sherif Ekramy's injury,but is no longer a regular starter.

</doc>
<doc id="18604527" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18604527" title="Secoya">
Secoya

Secoya may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18604533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18604533" title="Brenda Combs">
Brenda Combs

Brenda Rena Combs is Ambassador of Inspiration & Achievement at the Grand Canyon University in Phoenix, Arizona. She was previously an Elementary Educator at the Starshine Academy, Phoenix. Combs went from homeless to becoming a respected teacher. Her autobiography “"In My Shoes"” will be available in late 2008.
Recognition.
She has been named one of the best teachers of the year for the 2005–2006 school year.
She was also listed on the National Deans List in 2004, 2005, and 2006.
Some of her accomplishments include:

</doc>
<doc id="18604535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18604535" title="San Juan Cancuc">
San Juan Cancuc

San Juan Cancuc is a town and one of the 119 Municipalities of Chiapas, in southern Mexico.
As of 2005, the municipality had a total population of 20,688. It covers an area of 233.5 km².

</doc>
<doc id="18604538" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18604538" title="Redmond">
Redmond

Redmond may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18604551" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18604551" title="1989 All-Ireland Senior Football Championship">
1989 All-Ireland Senior Football Championship

The 1989 All-Ireland Senior Football Championship was played from May to September, 1989. After two All-Ireland final defeats in a row, Cork finally triumphed in the decider, against opponents Mayo. The score was 0-17 to 1-11.

</doc>
<doc id="18604556" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18604556" title="Teopisca">
Teopisca

Teopisca is a town and one of the 119 Municipalities of Chiapas, in southern Mexico.
As of 2005, the municipality had a total population of 26,996. It covers an area of 174 km².

</doc>
<doc id="18604557" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18604557" title="Matt Scoggin">
Matt Scoggin

Mathew ("Matt") Aaron Scoggin (born August 17, 1963 in Saitama, Japan) is a retired diver from the United States. He competed for "Team USA" at the 1992 Summer Olympics, finishing in tenth place in the Men's 10m Platform event. Scoggin won a silver medal in the same event at the 1987 Pan American Games.
Since 1994, Scoggin has been the Diving Coach for his alma mater, the University of Texas.
He is often called one of the greatest diving coaches in the country.

</doc>
<doc id="18604567" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18604567" title="ROH New Horizons">
ROH New Horizons

New Horizons was a professional wrestling pay-per-view event produced by Ring of Honor. It took place on July 26, 2008 from the Michigan State Fairgrounds and Expo Center in Detroit, Michigan, and was first aired on September 26.
References.
[http://www.gerweck.net/news/1217133225.shtml]

</doc>
<doc id="18604572" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18604572" title="San Andrés Duraznal">
San Andrés Duraznal

San Andrés Duraznal is a town and one of the 119 Municipalities of Chiapas, in southern Mexico.
As of 2005, the municipality had a total population of 3,423. It covers an area of 29.9 km².

</doc>
<doc id="18604574" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18604574" title="Duke of Guarda">
Duke of Guarda

The title of Duke of Guarda (in Portuguese, "Duque da Guarda") was granted by a royal decree dated from October 5, 1530, by King John III of Portugal to his younger brother, Infante Ferdinand.
Some authors say the Infante was also made Duke of Trancoso (in Portuguese, "Duque de Trancoso") in the same date (according to "Arquivo do Conselho Nobiliárquico de Portugal", Vol I, 78).
However, the majority of historians defend that the Dukedom of Trancoso did not exist, and the confusion comes from the fact that Infante Ferdinand ("Fernando", in Portuguese) was also Lord of Trancoso.
Finally, others say he was Duke of Guarda and Trancoso (a jointly Dukedom).
One thing is for sure: Infante Ferdinand was the sole to bear the title of Duke of Guarda.
According to his father's (King Manuel I) will, Infant Ferdinand should married the richest and prestigious heir "Dona" Guiomar Coutinho, 5th Countess of Marialva and 3rd Countess of Loulé.
But when the Infante marriage was announced, the 1st Marquis of Torres Novas (who later became the 1st Duke of Aveiro) declared he had secretly married the richest heir. The scandal in the Court ended when King John III ordered the Marquis imprisonment for several years, allowing the celebration of the Infante Ferdinand's marriage.
In spite of their short but happy marriage, they had two children (a boy and a girl), who died in very young age, before their parents.
Bibliography.
”Nobreza de Portugal e do Brasil” – Vol. I, page 385. Published by Zairol Lda., Lisbon 1989.

</doc>
<doc id="18604595" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18604595" title="Musée de Montmartre">
Musée de Montmartre

The Musée de Montmartre is located in Montmartre, at 8-14 rue Cortot in the XVIII arrondissement of Paris, France. It was founded in 1960 and was classified as a Musée de France in 2003.
Description.
The museum is housed in buildings, which are three centuries old, the Hotel Demarne and the Maison du Bel Air. 
It was home to many famous artists and writers such as Renoir who painted his celebrated « La Balançoire » and « Le Bal du Moulin de la Galette » here in 1876. The museum also welcomed Suzanne Valadon and her son Maurice Utrillo as well as Raoul Dufy, Démétrios Galanis, Léon Bloy and Pierre Reverdy.
The collections.
The collections of the museum belong to the association Le Vieux Montmartre, created in 1886, and contains paintings, photographs, posters and manuscripts that depict the history of the neighbourhood, its effervescence, the « bohème » and cabarets from the nineteenth and twentieth centuries. 
Among them are « Le Cabaret du Chat Noir » by Steinlen, « Bruant au Mirliton », « Le Divan Japonais » or « Le Moulin Rouge » by Toulouse-Lautrec, « La Place Pigalle » by Maurice Utrillo, « L’Autoportrait » by Suzanne Valadon, « Parce Domine » by Willette, « L’enseigne du Lapin Agile » as well as the magnificent « Théâtre d’ombres » by Henri Rivière.
Renoir’s Gardens and the vineyard.
The gardens have been renovated according to Renoir’s paintings. They provide a good view of the vineyard, which has existed since the Middle Ages and was replanted in 1933. According to the New York Times, its working vineyard is said to make the most expensive bad wine in the city.
Renovation.
The site belongs to the city of Paris. In 2011 its management was entrusted to the Kléber Rossillon firm, which has plans to double the exhibition space. As such, the gardens have been renovated according to Renoir’s paintings. Furthermore, Suzanne Valadon’s studio and the Hotel Demarne will also be renovated in 2014.
Opening times.
The museum is open all year every day from 10 a.m. to 6 p.m. An admission fee is charged.

</doc>
<doc id="18604598" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18604598" title="Solosuchiapa">
Solosuchiapa

Solosuchiapa is a town and one of the 119 Municipalities of Chiapas, in southern Mexico.
As of 2005, the municipality had a total population of 7,784. It covers an area of 362.7 km².

</doc>
<doc id="18604623" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18604623" title="Salto de Agua">
Salto de Agua

Salto de Agua is a town and one of the 119 Municipalities of Chiapas, in southern Mexico.
As of 2005, the municipality had a total population of 49,300. It covers an area of 1289.2 km².

</doc>
<doc id="18604638" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18604638" title="Timothy K. Lewis">
Timothy K. Lewis

Timothy K. Lewis (born 1954 in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania), is a former federal judge on the United States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit and is currently an attorney at the law firm of Schnader, Harrison, Segal & Lewis LLP, where he serves as the co-chair of the firm's appellate practice. He also serves as a mediator, arbitrator, settlement counselor. Lewis is African American.
Early career.
Lewis graduated from Tufts University with a B.A. in 1976 and from Duquesne University School of Law with a Juris Doctor in 1980. He worked as assistant district attorney for Allegheny County, Pennsylvania from 1980 to 1983, and as 
Assistant U.S. Attorney for the Western District of Pennsylvania from 1983 to 1991.
Federal judicial service.
Lewis' judicial career began on April 25, 1991 when President George H. W. Bush nominated him to the bench of the United States District Court for the Western District of Pennsylvania, to fill the vacancy left by Paul A. Simmons. He was confirmed by the Senate on June 14, 1991, and received his commission on June 18, 1991.
President Bush chose to elevate Lewis again when he nominated him for a newly created seat on the United States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit on September 17, 1992. He was confirmed to this seat by the Senate on October 8, 1992, and received his commission on October 9, 1992, making him the final George H. W. Bush appeals-court nominee confirmed by the Senate. At the time of both appointments he was the youngest federal judge in the United States. 
Lewis resigned his seat on June 30, 1999 to return to private practice.
Later career.
Since resigning from the bench, Lewis has worked at Schnader, Harrison, Segal & Lewis LLP, where he serves as co-chair of the firm's appellate practice, and offers counsel on trial and appellate matters. He also has an active alternative dispute resolution practice, and often serves as a mediator, arbitrator, and settlement counselor. 
He is a member of the Board of Directors of the American Arbitration Association, where he also serves on the Executive Committee and chairs the Committee on Diversity in Alternative Dispute Resolution. Lewis is a member of the AAA-sponsored National Task Force on Issues Related to the Arbitration of Consumer Debt Issues. He is also a member of the Board of Directors of the International Institute for Conflict Prevention and Resolution (CPR), where he serves on the National Panel of Distinguished Neutrals, as well as the Board’s Diversity Committee. Lewis is a member of the American Law Institute, an honorary member of the American Academy of Appellate Lawyers, and serves on the Board of Advisors of the Georgetown Supreme Court Institute. He is a former member of the Board of Directors of the National Jazz Museum in Harlem.

</doc>
<doc id="18604651" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18604651" title="Damrosch (horse)">
Damrosch (horse)

Damrosch (foaled in 1913) was an American Thoroughbred racehorse best known for winning the 1916 Preakness Stakes. Bred by August Belmont, Jr. at his Nursery Stud near Lexington, Kentucky, he was sired by the 1903 English Triple Crown winner, Rock Sand. Damrosch was out of the mare Dissembler, a daughter of the four-time Leading sire in North America, Hanover.
Captain W. Fred Presgrave of Kentucky, who had trained the winner of the 1904 Preakness Stakes winner, Bryn Mawr, purchased Damrosch from August Belmont, Jr. on behalf of Canadian businessman J. K. L. Ross. Presgrave trained the colt part way into his three-year-old campaign when Albert Weston took over his conditioning. In the Preakness Stakes, the colt was ridden to victory by Linus McAtee and led from the start to win from Greenwood.
Damrosch raced through age seven and was then retired to stud. He was not successful as a sire.

</doc>
<doc id="18604652" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18604652" title="Pantelhó">
Pantelhó

Pantelhó is a town and one of the 118 Municipalities of Chiapas, in southern Mexico.
As of 2005, the municipality had a total population of 16,262. It covers an area of 136.6 km².

</doc>
<doc id="18604659" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18604659" title="George Head Head">
George Head Head

George Head Head ( - 1876) was a mayor, magistrate, banker in Carlisle. The bank was started by his father, but was improved and rebuilt in his lifetime. He attended an important convention in 1840 on Anti-Slavery, where a painting records his involvement.
Biography.
George Head Head was born to a successful banker (J.M.Head) who had a private bank called "J.M.Head and Co.". His father had started the banks in his grocers shop and it was passed on to George who continued to run it at its original location on Botchersgate in Carlisle. Eventually Head had the first building built that was intended to be a bank.
In 1840, Head journeyed to London to attend the World's Anti-Slavery Convention on 12 June 1840. The picture above shows him in a painting made to commemorate the event which attracted delegates from America, France, Haiti, Australia, Ireland, Jamaica and Barbados.
He was the High Sheriff of Cumberland in 1851 and Deputy Lieutenant in 1852.
Head married Sarah Gurney on 1 May 1858 in West Ham. Sarah's late father was Samuel Gurney ("The Bankers' Banker") or Upton, Essex 
His bank was demolished in 1865 when Head's bank was amalgamated with the "Cumberland Union Bank."
He owned Rickerby Hall which today stands in the public area called Rickerby Park. He is particularly noted for commissioning a large octagonal tower. This folly is an important local landmark.
Head was interested in book collecting and supported the anti-slavery movement. He died in 1876 and Mile MacInnees, a justice of the Peace, succeeded to the of Rickerby where he owned all the land.

</doc>
<doc id="18604677" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18604677" title="Flying High (musical)">
Flying High (musical)

Flying High (musical) is a musical comedy with book by B. G. DeSylva, Lew Brown, and John McGowan, lyrics by B. G. DeSylva and Lew Brown, music by Ray Henderson.
Produced by George White, the Broadway production, opened on March 3, 1930 at the Apollo Theatre for a total run of 355 performances. The cast included Oscar Shaw, Bert Lahr, Grace Brinkley and Kate Smith.
This was the last of the DeSylva, Brown and Henderson Broadway musicals. 
Songs.
Act I
Act II

</doc>
