<doc id="18577610" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18577610" title="Saint Lawrence Bay, Chukotka">
Saint Lawrence Bay, Chukotka

The Saint Lawrence Bay (Russian: Залив Лаврентия; "Zaliv Lavrentiya") is a bay in the Bering Sea on the eastern coast of the Chukotka Peninsula, Russian Federation. It is located very close to the Bering Strait, which lies only a few km to the NE.
The bay is open towards the southeast; it is 45 km in length and has an average width of about 8 km. There are two little islands inside the bay where it narrows forming an inlet. 
On the southern shore of the bay at Cape Hargilah is the village of Port Lawrence.
History.
British Captain James Cook landed for a few hours in St. Lawrence Bay and met some of the local Chukchi people in August 1778. 
This bay was first surveyed by Russian mariner Count Fyodor Petrovich Litke in 1828.
See also.
Lavrentiya
USS Rodgers (1879)

</doc>
<doc id="18577625" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18577625" title="Culture Club discography">
Culture Club discography

Culture Club discography consists of 5 studio albums, 10 compilation albums, 3 box sets, 3 extended plays, 20 regular commercial singles and 5 promotional singles released throughout the 1980s and 1990s. The band have also released 6 video titles and 18 music videos.
For the comprehensive Boy George solo discography, see "Boy George discography".

</doc>
<doc id="18577636" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18577636" title="Mahadaji Pant Guruji">
Mahadaji Pant Guruji

Mahadaji Ballal Karkare, historically known as Mahadaji Pant ‘Guruji’, was an eminent Accountant, Special Envoy of Peshwas and most respected tutor and advisor of Peshwa Madhavrao I and Sawai Madhavrao.
Early life.
Mahadaji Pant was born in a Karhade Brahmin family in a village in Ratnagiri district in the Western Maharashtra. There is no mention found, however, as to his date of birth as well as his parents’ background and his educational qualifications.
Early career.
In the Peshwa’s court in Pune, Mahadaji Pant joined as a clerk and gradually reached at the post of ‘Auditor General’. It is mentioned that being a strict and clean person, his inspection would always be a terrifying experience for the In-Charges of different government departments.
Peshwa Nanasaheb simultaneously appointed him as ‘Guruji’ that is ‘Tutor’ of his son Madhavrao I who respected Guruji throughout his life . Besides Justice Ramshastri Prabhune, he was the only one who had great influence over Peshwa Madhavrao I.
In 1763, when Nana Phadnis was expelled by Madhavrao I for few months, he was re-appointed on the strong recommendation by Guruji.
In October 1766, Madhavrao I sought Guruji’s assistance to give systematic & disciplined shape to the Maratha army on Southern front.
Later career and death.
After the death of Madhavrao I and subsequent murder of Narayanrao, Nana Phadnis re-appointed Guruji to take charge of Peshwa Sawai Madhavrao as his student. The Peshwa had been making his academic progress under the guidance and supervision of Guruji until his death.
In 1778, before starting his Kolhapur campaign, Mahadji Shinde got his demands fulfilled from the Peshwa’s Court through Guruji’s arbitration.
There is no mention found regarding Guruji’s death.

</doc>
<doc id="18577643" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18577643" title="Hilary McRae">
Hilary McRae

Hilary McRae (born July 23, 1986) is an American pop singer-songwriter. She was the first ‘developing artist' to release an album on the Starbucks Cafe and Concord Music Group's label, Hear Music.
Career.
Hilary McRae, born in Boynton Beach, Florida, began writing songs at age 16. After attending Boston's Berklee School of Music she toured Central and South America as the keyboardist and backing vocalist for Latin superstar Cristian Castro. She was discovered by producer Zach Ziskin, who produced and recorded her self penned debut album entitled "Through These Walls", which led to a deal with Starbucks' Hear Music label.
She became famous in late 2007 when 1.5 million digital downloads of her song "Consider Me Gone" were promoted as the "Song of the Day" at all U.S. Starbucks stores. "Through These Walls" was released April 15, 2008 on the Hear Music record label. The album attained Billboard top "Heatseeker" status for 4 consecutive weeks, peaking at #17. Her pop single, "Every Day (When Will You Be Mine)", charted on Billboard's Adult Contemporary chart for 11 consecutive weeks, peaking at #22 for the week ending September 6, 2008. McRae, a Yamaha-endorsed artist, has opened for recording artists such as Fergie, Natasha Bedingfield, Teddy Geiger, Leon Russell, Huey Lewis, and Todd Rundgren, and completed her first nationwide tour in late 2008. She made her national television debut on the CBS Early Show which aired May 24, 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="18577649" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18577649" title="Shaab">
Shaab

Shaab () may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18577674" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18577674" title="Billy Porter (entertainer)">
Billy Porter (entertainer)

Billy Porter (born September 21, 1969 in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania) is a Broadway performer, pop singer, film and television actor and vocal coach. He graduated from the Musical Theatre Program at Pittsburgh Creative and Performing Arts School's School of Drama and achieved fame performing on Broadway before going off on a solo career as a singer. Porter won the 2013 Tony Award for Best Actor in a Musical for his role as Lola in "Kinky Boots" at the 67th Tony Awards. For the role, Porter also won Drama Desk Award for Outstanding Actor in a Musical and Outer Critics Circle Award for Outstanding Actor in a Musical.
Career.
He is a graduate of Carnegie Mellon University College of Fine Arts with a B.F.A in Drama as well as a certification from The Professional Program In Screenwriting at UCLA.
He played the Teen Angel in the 1994 revival of "Grease!". Other plays he has been in include "Ghetto Superstar (The Man That I Am)" for which Porter was nominated for "Outstanding New York Theater: Broadway & Off Broadway Award" at the 17th GLAAD Media Awards and in "Topdog/Underdog" at City Theatre, "Jesus Christ Superstar" and "Dreamgirls" at Pittsburgh Civic Light Opera, and the song cycles "Myths and Hymns" and "Songs for a New World". In September 2010, Porter appeared as Belize in Signature Theatre Company's 20th Anniversary production of Tony Kushner's "Angels in America". Billy originated the role of "Lola" in Kinky Boots, with songs by Cyndi Lauper, book by Harvey Fierstein and directed/choreographed by Jerry Mitchell. Billy won both the 2013 Drama Desk Award for Outstanding Actor in a Musical and Tony Award for Best Actor in a Musical for this role.
Porter has also appeared in a number of films. He landed a major role as Shiniqua, a drag queen who befriends Angel (David Norona) and Lee (Keivyn McNeill Graves) in Seth Michael Donsky's "Twisted", an adaptation of "Oliver Twist". He has also appeared on an episode of the "The RuPaul Show".
He has had a musical career with two albums released, "Billy Porter" on A&M Records in 1997 and "At the Corner of Broadway + Soul" in 2005 on Sh-K-Boom Records. He was also featured in a number of songs in the tribute album "It's Only Life: The Songs of John Bucchino" in 2006 released on PS Classics and in Adam Guettel's album "Myths and Hymns" on Nonesuch Records. He also covered "Only One Road" that was included on the Human Rights Campaign compilation album "Love Rocks".

</doc>
<doc id="18577676" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18577676" title="Wires...and the Concept of Breathing">
Wires...and the Concept of Breathing

Wires...and the Concept of Breathing is the first full-length album by American post-hardcore band A Skylit Drive. The album was released on May 21, 2008, on Tragic Hero Records. The album is noted for frequently referencing the popular video game series "Final Fantasy". The band released videos for five of the tracks: "Wires...and the Concept of Breathing", "This Isn't the End", "Knights of the Round", "All It Takes for Your Dreams to Come True" and "I'm Not a Thief, I'm a Treasure Hunter".
Personnel.
"Wires...and the Concept of Breathing" album personnel as listed on Allmusic.

</doc>
<doc id="18577715" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18577715" title="Mendocino Redwood Company">
Mendocino Redwood Company

The Mendocino Redwood Company (or MRC), is a California based forest products company, which operates one mill in Ukiah, with holdings of over , primarily in Mendocino County,
Background.
This relatively new timber company owns and manages ten percent of the county's private land. Founded in 1998, the Fisher Family, founders of Gap Clothing, are the majority stake owners.
Mendocino Redwood Company utilizes herbicide applications to reduce tanoak density and restore conifer forest. The application and quantity of use is regulated by the Mendocino Agricultural Commission. California is the second largest forestland state in the United States, second to Alaska. Mendocino County has one of the largest percentages of the states overall forest land.
Growth.
Following a July 29, 2008 "Final Order" order from the US Bankruptcy Judge Richard Schmidt, the way cleared for MRC to take control of the once storied, then vilified, and, finally, bankrupt Pacific Lumber Company in Humboldt County, California from Maxxam Inc. of Texas. The final dispensation of the bankruptcy, which had been ongoing since January 2007, began the transfer of PALCO's buildings, mill, and of Humboldt forest to MRC. The company town of Scotia and other properties were transferred to Marathon Structured Finance.
Humboldt.
The consolidation of Pacific Lumber Company (PALCO) and subsidiaries is under the new name of Humboldt Redwood Company, which began operations ostensibly with a more conservative harvesting model that eliminates clearcutting and most old-growth redwood cutting.
Certification.
Mendocino Redwood Company was given a well managed certification of timber management practices. This certification was issued by the Forest Stewardship council. The certification study was conducted by Scientific Certification Systems. 

</doc>
<doc id="18577718" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18577718" title="Camp Columbia (Hanford)">
Camp Columbia (Hanford)

Camp Columbia or Columbia Camp was a prison labor camp established on the north shore of the Yakima River opening on February 1, 1944 near Horn Rapids. The camp was operated between February 1944 and October 1947 by Federal Prison Industries to provide labor supporting the Hanford Site. The camp was used to house "minimum-custody-type improvable male offenders," who had no more than one year to serve. These were violators of national defense, wartime and military laws. Included were conscientious objectors, violators of rationing and price support laws, those convicted of espionage, sabotage and sedition and those convicted by military courts martial. Aliens who failed to register were also in this category but none of them were sent here because the camp was located on the southern edge of the Hanford Site.
Facilities.
The 25-acre labor camp had a number of Quonset prefab buildings, and barracks to house both prisoners and staff. The camp was built by contractors under contract to the Manhattan District of the Corps of Engineers. Former Civilian Conservation Corps buildings moved from Winifred, Montana were used. Facilities at the camp included five barracks buildings, an office building, a mess hall, a hospital, a recreation hall, storage facilities and a utilities building. Heating was provided by a central steam system. There were no fences around the camp, as the geography itself was a deterrent to escape.
Operation as a federal prison labor camp.
Over the period Camp Columbia was open, it housed a total of 1,300 prisoners. The prisoners were brought in from the prison at McNeil Island Federal Penitentiary, and worked in fruit orchards on land which had been condemned by the Federal government in order to provide buffer space for the nuclear production facility known as the Hanford Site. Over 5,600 tons of fruit were processed and canned for military use. Because of its close proximity to the top secret Hanford project, only prisoners who were American citizens were sent there. As many as 290 prisoners were housed there at any given time.
The staff included up to 40 guards under the direction of a warden, Herbert Taylor, who relocated from McNeil Island. The prisoners were known to occasionally stray down to the river to fish, but only 12 were known to have escaped from the area.
Work was not limited to agricultural activities. One of the 1945 actions undertaken by prisoners was demolition of the wartime construction camp near the old Hanford townsite, where nearly 50,000 workers had lived while constructing the reactors and reprocessing facilities at the Hanford site.
Post-prison operation.
After the camp was officially shut down on October 10, 1947, the facility was used to house workers for the Hanford project railroad and other site workers until 1949. The camp was then used by the US Army Corps of Engineers to house those working on various levee projects completed in conjunction with construction of the McNary Dam.
Camp Columbia was finally abandoned in 1950, and the facilities were dismantled and removed. Some of the original Quonset huts were moved to Richland, and could be seen there until the early 1990s.
Current use.
In 1966 the federal government turned the area over to Benton County for use as a park. Today the site of Camp Columbia is occupied by Horn Rapids County Park, a day-use park with a camp ground, a boat launch, a nature trail and equestrian facilities above the Horn Rapids dam. The park includes a kiosk commemorating Camp Columbia.

</doc>
<doc id="18577724" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18577724" title="Lancaster Canal Trust">
Lancaster Canal Trust

The Lancaster Canal Trust is a waterway society and a registered charity on the Lancaster Canal in Lancashire and Cumbria, England.
It was formed in 1963 as the Association for the Restoration of the Lancaster Canal, and its main aim is the restoration and reopening for navigation of the stretch between Tewitfield Locks, north of Carnforth, and Kendal. 
The Trust also aims to protect the essential character of the canal, but at the same time to develop the canal as a public amenity. It operates the free tripboat "Waterwitch", a traditional 28 ft narrowboat cruising between Crooklands (Bridge 5) and Lancaster.
The Trust is affiliated to the Inland Waterways Association and works in conjunction with British Waterways, local authorities, county councils, and other canal users.

</doc>
<doc id="18577760" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18577760" title="Carter Scholz">
Carter Scholz

Carter Scholz (né Robert Carter Scholz, born 1953) is a speculative fiction author and composer of music. He has published several works of short fiction (collected in "The Amount to Carry," 2003) and two novels ("Palimpsests" 1984, with Glenn Harcourt; "Radiance: A Novel" 2002). He has been nominated for the Hugo and Nebula Award for Best Novelette. He also co-wrote "The New Twilight Zone" episode "A Small Talent for War" and contributed stories to "Kafka Americana".
Scholz grew up in Tenafly, New Jersey and graduated from Tenafly High School in 1971. He also attended Rhode Island School of Design.
He is married and lives in California.

</doc>
<doc id="18577768" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18577768" title="Alex Dunn">
Alex Dunn

Alex Dunn (born January 26, 1982 in Waterford, Michigan) is an American professional ice hockey player, currently playing for the Odessa Jackalopes of the CHL after his release at the end of the 2008/09 season by the Manchester Phoenix of the EIHL.
Dunn began his career icing for the Capital Centre Pride team at junior level in his home state of Michigan and in the 2000-01 season featured in 31 games, helping out with 7 assists. Dunn split his maiden season between the Pride and the Omaha Lancers of the United States Hockey League, a tier-1 junior team. Dunn played in just seven games at this higher level, but coped well and managed to grab an assist during the brief spell.
He continued to play for the Pride in the 2001-02 season, and it proved to be a positive decision. Dunn's numbers rose dramatically, and in 55 games he scored 13 goals and totalled 24 assists as well as clocking up 169 penalty minutes, impressive numbers for a defenceman. Dunn began playing at NCAA level 1 for the season after, 2002–03, when he moved to Lake Superior State University.
In his four years at LSSU, Dunn proved to be a cornerstone of the team, icing in 124 games. Dunn was mainly employed as a defensive minded defenceman though, and so point scoring opportunities were limited for him. After leaving Lake Superior, Dunn signed for the ECHL Idaho Steelheads for the rest of the 2005-06 season, when he played in nine games. He failed to score any points however, and so chose to move on to sign for the Odessa Jackalopes for the 2006-07 term.
Dunn enjoyed his first season in Odessa, totalling 24 points and 121 penalty minutes in 62 Central Hockey League games and for this performance, won the club's 'Defenceman of the Year' honour. He was retained for the 2007-08 season, where his point production again increased to 33. This helped Odessa into the post season, where Dunn grabbed his first post-season points of his career.
During the summer of 2008, Dunn made the decision to move to Europe, when along with Jackalopes team-mate Nathan Ward he moved to sign for the EIHL Manchester Phoenix, a team icing at the highest standard of ice hockey in Great Britain. Dunn proved to be a good signing for the Phoenix, and would alternate between the top and second defensive pairing throughout the season. He would feature in every one of Manchester's games, helping out the offence with an impressive 43 points in 68 games. The Phoenix would make the final of both domestic cups as well as the post-season, but due to off-ice financial problems would choose to play in the EPL for the 2009-10 season. As a result Dunn, along with all the other imports from that season, were released on the grounds that they were ineligible to play in the EPL.
Dunn would soon make the switch back to the Jackalopes, the team he had iced for two seasons prior to the switch to Europe. The deal was announced on the 28th of July 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="18577770" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18577770" title="University Institutes of Technology">
University Institutes of Technology

The Instituts universitaires de technologie or IUT (translated as University Institutes of Technology) are part of the university system in France. The IUT were created in 1966. As of 2008, there are 116 IUTs which are attached to 80 universities including the ones in the French Overseas Territories and Departments.
The IUTs allow the preparation of a two-year undergraduate technical diploma called a "Diplôme universitaire de technologie" or "DUT".
List of IUTs in France.
Alsace.
Université : MULHOUSE
Université : STRASBOURG
Aquitaine.
Université : BORDEAUX 1 
Université : BORDEAUX 3
Université : BORDEAUX 4
Université : PAU
Auvergne.
Université : CLERMONT-FERRAND 1
Université : CLERMONT-FERRAND 2
Basse-Normandie.
Université : CAEN
Bourgogne.
Université : DIJON
Bretagne.
Université : BREST
Université : BRETAGNE SUD
Université : RENNES 1
Centre.
Université : ORLEANS
Université : TOURS
Champagne-Ardenne.
Université : REIMS
Corse.
Université : CORTE
Franche-Comté.
Université : BESANCON
Haute-Normandie.
Université : LE HAVRE
Université : ROUEN
Ile-de-France.
Université : CERGY-PONTOISE
Université : EVRY
Université : MARNE- LA-VALLEE
Université : PARIS 5 DESCARTES
Université : PARIS 7
Université : PARIS 8
Université : PARIS 10
Université : PARIS 11
Université : PARIS 12
Université : PARIS 13
Versailles Saint-Quentin-en-Yvelines University
Languedoc-Roussillon.
Université : MONTPELLIER 2
Université : PERPIGNAN
Limousin.
Université : LIMOGES
Lorraine.
Université : METZ
Université : NANCY 1
Université : NANCY 2
Midi-Pyrénées.
Université : TOULOUSE 1
Université : TOULOUSE 2
Université : TOULOUSE 3
Nord-Pas-de-Calais.
Université : ARTOIS
Université : LILLE 1
Université : LILLE 2
Université : LILLE 3
Université : LITTORAL
Université : VALENCIENNES
Outre-Mer.
Université : ANTILLES-GUYANE
Université : LA REUNION
Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur.
Université : AIX-MARSEILLE 1
Université : AIX-MARSEILLE 2
Université : AIX-MARSEILLE 3
Université : AVIGNON
Université : NICE
Université : TOULON
Pays De La Loire.
Université : ANGERS
Université : LE MANS
Université : NANTES
Picardie.
Université : AMIENS
Poitou-Charentes.
Université : LA ROCHELLE
Université : POITIERS
Rhône-Alpes.
Université : SAVOIE
Université : GRENOBLE 1
Université : GRENOBLE 2
Université : LYON 1
Université : LYON 2
Université : LYON 3
Université : SAINT-ETIENNE
References.
http://www.enseignementsup-recherche.gouv.fr/cid21016/liste-des-instituts-universitaires-de-technologie-i.u.t.html

</doc>
<doc id="18577771" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18577771" title="Mantash, Armenia">
Mantash, Armenia

Mantash may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18577776" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18577776" title="Tewitfield">
Tewitfield

Tewitfield is a village in Lancashire, England, near Borwick and Carnforth, and in the parish of Priest Hutton.
Tewitfield Locks is the current terminus of the navigable Lancaster Canal. The Lancaster Canal Trust, the Northern Reaches Restoration Group and others are campaigning for the re-opening of the Canal to its original terminus at Kendal, Cumbria. 

</doc>
<doc id="18577804" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18577804" title="Jean Benedicti">
Jean Benedicti

Jean Benedicti was a French Franciscan theologian of the sixteenth century.
He belonged to the Observantine Province of Tours and Poitiers. He became in time secretary of the order and in this capacity accompanied the minister-general, Christopher a Capite Fontium, throughout the whole of Europe in the latter's canonical visitation of Franciscan houses. 
Afterwards he was made comissary-general of the French and visitor of many Italian Provinces, and in order to fulfill a vow went on a pilgrimage to Palestine. Luke Wadding says that he was a man of distinguished parts and great culture, having mastered the learning of his day and being conversant with the Hebrew, Greek, and Latin tongues.
His remains were interred in the Friary at Laval. 
Works.
In 1599 the first edition of his "Somme des péchés et le remède d'iceux comprenant tous les cas de conscience" was published in Paris and was immediately in demand among confessors. After having been revised, corrected, and augmented by the Theological Faculty of Paris it reached a fifteenth edition. 
He also wrote "La triomphante victoire de la Sainte Vierge" which tells of an exorcism in the church of the Cordeliers at Lyon. 

</doc>
<doc id="18577808" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18577808" title="Unaka High School">
Unaka High School

Unaka High School is a public high school located northeast of Elizabethton, Tennessee in the Hunter community.
History.
Work on the school began in 1920 and the construction was finished in 1922. Mr. Cole, a forest ranger, arranged for the government to donate the lumber for the construction of the school which was to come from the Unaka mountains. Resulting in the source of the name and mascot: Unaka for the mountains and Rangers in honor of Mr. Cole. The 1970s saw expansion of the vocational programs in all of the Carter County high schools, with a new building at Unaka High housing Auto Body Repair, Cosmetology, General Building and Trades, and Vocational Office Education. Also, students had the option of attending alternative vocation classes at Hampton, or Happy Valley: Auto Mechanics, Drafting, Health Occupations, Small Engines, and Electricity and Welding. There is also a meat processing class that was introduced by Mr John Hardin in 1982. It is only one of two of this type of class offered in the whole United States. It is presently taught by Mr. Josh Armentrout.
Sports.
Football.
Unaka football: The Home Field is known as Goddard Field named after the school's first head coach, Robert Lynn Goddard. In August 1949, he became head coach at Unaka High School. Immediately, he organized the Watauga Conference in the spring of 1949-50 and was elected as its first President His 1949 team won the first game in the history of Unaka football. During the next 10 years, the Rangers football team under Goddard's leadership won six championships and finished second four times with only one losing season. Years later, the school named the stadium in front of Unaka High School the "Goddard Field" in his honor. The current head coach is Steve "Pink" McKinney who played football for Goddard at Unaka.
Basketball.
Unaka basketball is rich in tradition. During the 50's and 60's Lynn Goddard coached boys basketball for seven years before leaving Unaka. . Currently games are played in Ronnie L. Snavley Gymnasium after coach Ronnie Snavley who led the team to their first state tournament appearance in the 1980s then once more in the following years as a coach. Coach Snavley was succeeded by Coach Donald Ensor; Ensor had great success as the Rangers coach leading them to three state tournament appearances including a state championship in 2004 and sending numerous players to continue their careers in college basketball. Under coach Ensor the Rangers compiled 9 straight Conference Titles; after his resignation his younger brother took over for one year leading them to their 10th consecutive conference championship. The program is now run by coach Aaron Dugger.. The Rangers have also compiled 12 district championships, 9 regional championships, and 6 sub-state appearances. The legendary bus driver of the Unaka Mens Basketball team is Big John Taylor.
Baseball.
Home games are played on Claude Hostlcaw "Field of Dreams." During Lynn Goddard's tenure at Unaka he coached the baseball team 4 years and won three Watauga championships. The current head coach is Aaron Dugger. The Ranger baseball program has won or shared 15 straight conference titles, 12 district championships, 13 of the last 15 regional championships,and also won 7 of the last sub-state games to qualify them for 8 state tournament births in 10 seasons. The Rangers have yet to lose a playoff game on their home field. The Rangers have failed to win a state tournament game in their six appearances. They have sent several players on to play baseball in small division colleges.
Softball.
Established in 1979, the Unaka Lady Ranger softball has won 25 District Championships, 19 Regional Championships, and 5 Sub-States. Appearing in 5 State Tournament quarter finals and 8 State Tournament final eights, places the program as one of the elite in Tennessee. The program was built from the ground up by Coach Ronnie Hicks, and it remained under his care and supervision until his retirement in May 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="18577810" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18577810" title="Cerradomys">
Cerradomys

Cerradomys is a genus of oryzomyine rodents from eastern Bolivia, Paraguay, and central Brazil found in cerrado, Caatinga and Gran Chaco habitats. The species in this genus have historically been placed in "Oryzomys", but according to cladistic research, they are not more closely related to the type species of "Oryzomys" than species in some other genera are. Its sister group may be a clade of oryzomyines living in open or aquatic habitats, comprising, among others, "Aegialomys", "Nectomys" and "Sigmodontomys". "Sooretamys angouya", also formerly in "Oryzomys", is another relative; it has been placed in the same group as the species of "Cerradomys" in the past. The generic name "Cerradomys" is a compound of the word "Cerrado" and the Ancient Greek "mys" "mouse" and therefore means "Cerrado mouse".
The dorsal pelage is brownish, the ventral pelage, greyish. It has small ears and a relatively long tail. There are crowns of hair on the hindfeet at the bases of the claws.
In addition to its external classification, the internal classification of the group is also subject to change. Until 2002, all members of the group were placed in a single species, then called "Oryzomys subflavus", but since then, seven new species have been described, often on the basis of karyotypic differences, but two of these later turned out to represent the same species.
The genus currently contains the following species:

</doc>
<doc id="18577813" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18577813" title="Ruth Berman">
Ruth Berman

Ruth Berman is a writer of short science fiction and speculative poetry. In 2003, she won the Rhysling Award for Best Short Poem. She was also the winner of the 2006 Dwarf Stars Award for her poem "Knowledge Of".

</doc>
<doc id="18577816" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18577816" title="Casalini">
Casalini

Casalini is an Italian company founded 1939 that makes mopeds and microcars. Casalini S.r.l. is the oldest microcar producer in the world. The factory is situated in Piacenza.
Casalini microcars have a car body of glass fibre plastic. The engine is a 635 cubic diesel produced by Mitsubishi, with .
History.
The factory produced tricycles and moped bikes up until the late sixties. The first microcar left the factory 1969. The Sulky, which at that time was a three-wheel vehicle, was made for people without a driving license and it had an engine with less than 50 cc. The first Sulky was produced in large quantities exceeding 10,000 units. From 1994, when Italy accepted the European directive 92/61, CASALINI S.r.l. began to produce light quadricycles. The first one of these was the Kore 500. The technical and aesthetic evolution of this vehicle was called Sulkydea (1996), Ydea (2000), Sulkydea LV (2004) and Sulky (2008). Over the past few years, the production of two transport- and leisure time vehicles have been added: Kerry and Pickup. In 2010 the M10 was presented, a four-wheel vehicle also available in a sporty "Daytona" version.
Two other connected companies supply CASALINI S.r.l. in the production of Sulky, Kerry and Sulky Pickup: Mech-Plant S.r.l. that deal with metallic composition and Target S.r.l. that deal with plastic/ABS (acrylonitrile butadiene styrene) material. 
Sulky (now M10), Kerry, and Pickup have an extremely strong structure, constituted by a frame in steel treated against corrosion and by a composite material body that secures both an active and a passive safety. Visibility is insured by large glass door surfaces; the presence of four disc brakes and optimum suspensions. The speed limitation of 45 km/h further enhances important safety elements.
Casalini S.r.l. is present in all markets of the European Union.

</doc>
<doc id="18577836" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18577836" title="Bill Roffey">
Bill Roffey

William Robert "Bill" Roffey (born Stepney, 6 February 1954) is an English former footballer. A defender, he played professionally for Crystal Palace, Orient, Brentford and Millwall, making a total of 401 appearances in the Football League between 1972 and 1986.

</doc>
<doc id="18577844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18577844" title="Trimeresurus jerdonii bourreti">
Trimeresurus jerdonii bourreti

Trimeresurus jerdonii bourreti is a venomous pitviper subspecies endemic to Vietnam.
Etymology.
The subspecific name, "bourreti", is in honor of French herpetologist René Léon Bourret.
Description.
The scalation includes 21-23 rows of dorsal scales at midbody, 189-192 ventral scales, 65-72 subcaudal scales, and 7-8 supralabial scales.
Geographic range.
It is found in Northwestern Vietnam (in the provinces of Lào Cai and Lai Châu), and possibly also in adjacent China] (Yunnan). The type locality given is "Chapa" (Tonkin, Vietnam).
Taxonomy.
"T. j. bourreti" Klemmer, 1963, is a replacement name for "T. j. meridionalis" Bourret, 1935.

</doc>
<doc id="18577849" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18577849" title="Southern German football championship">
Southern German football championship

The Southern German football championship (German: "Süddeutsche Meisterschaft") was the highest association football competition in the South of Germany, established in 1898. The competition was disbanded in 1933 with the rise of the Nazis to power.
While no senior Southern German championship exists nowadays, the under 15 juniors still play an annual competition for the title, often involving the junior teams of clubs who had once been involved in the senior edition.
Overview.
German football was, from its beginnings, divided into regional associations which carried out their own championship, which often pre-dated the national German championship. With the interception of the later in 1903, the former became qualifying tournaments for it but these regional championships still held a high value for the local clubs. These regional championships were:
All this regional championships were suspended with the rise of the Nazis to power in 1933. At the end of the Second World War, some resumed, now in league format. Others completely disappeared, like the Baltic championship, as the territories they were held in were not part of Germany any more. With the South West German football championship, a new regional competition also appeared in 1945. Ultimately, with the formation of the Fußball-Bundesliga, all this regional championships ceased altogether.
History.
From 1897 to 1919.
The "Süddeutsche Fußball-Verband" ("SFV"), the "Southern German Football Association" was formed in Karlsruhe on 17 October 1897, three years before the German Football Association ("DFB") was formed. It originally was named "Verband Süddeutscher Fußball-Vereine" (English: "Association of Southern German football clubs"). One of the leading figures and driving force in the Southern German football was Walther Bensemann, founder of the "kicker sportmagazin", a position he retained until the Nazis rise to power. The other driving force behind football in the south of Germany was Friedrich William Nohe, chairman of the Karlsruher FV. The association was formed by eight clubs, those being:
The "SFV" originally covered a much larger area. Upon its formation in 1897, the following German states and regions were part of it:
From 1898, the "SFV" started to organise an annual "Southern German football championship". With the interception of the German football championship in 1903, the Southern German championship functioned as a qualifying tournament for it. Nevertheless, it still enjoyed a high value of status. The competition went through a number of changes throughout its live time. From this season onwards, the competition also grew in size. Previously, only a few selected clubs from cities like Frankfurt, Mannheim and Karlsruhe had taken part, now clubs from Bavaria also entered the competition.
In its early years, competition was very localised and patchy, with a handful of clubs dominating play. From 1907, football became more organised with Southern Germany being split in four local districts (German: "Kreis"), from 1910 each had their own top-league:
This step, away from localised competition and towards a more centralised system of leagues with strong competition was a vital factor in the rise of the Southern German clubs to dominance in Germany in the 1920s.
1919 to 1933.
After the end of the First World War, the region of Alsace-Lorraine once more became part of France and its clubs did not compete in the "SFV-championship" any more.
From the 1919-20 season, Southern Germany was sub-divided into ten regional leagues, those being:
The ten league champions then played in two groups of three and one group of four to determined four clubs to enter the semi-finals, the group winners and the second placed team in the group of four qualifying for it. The semi-final winners then entered the Southern German final. 
The number of leagues remained the same for the 1922 edition but now league winner and runners-up both qualified for a knock-out round to determined the champion.
In 1923, the league winners again were the only once qualified and the ten teams played a knock-out round first, the remaining five then played a home-and-away tournament for the championship. 
After the 1923 season, the German league system was reorganised and streamlined. In the region of the "SFV", new "Bezirksligas" were established as the highest level of play:
For the 1924 championship, this meant, the five league champions and the 1923 champion were qualified to compete in a home-and-away round for the title. Only the champion would then move on to the German championship. In the following season, only the five league winners would compete for the southern title but the best three teams from this competition would then qualify for the German title tournament. For the 1926 edition, the modus remained unchanged apart from the Southern German cup winner also entering the finals tournament.
In 1927, the modus again remained unchanged. However, an additional tournament for the five "Bezirksliga" runners-up was introduced. The winner of this competition then took up the third Southern German spot in the German Finals, alongside the winner and runners-up of the championship tournament.
After this season, the "Bezirksligas" were partly reorganised and reduced to four in numbers. However, each "Bezirksliga" in turn was sub-divided into two regional groups:
From the 1928 season, the best team from each of the eight divisions qualified for southern tournament, still played in a home-and-away modus. Additionally, the second and third placed team from each league went to a "consolidation" tournament. These sixteen clubs were split into two divisions of eight, regionally subdivided. The two division winners then played an on-off final to determined the third southern team to go to the German finals.
This modus was in place for the 1928, 1929, 1930 and 1931 season.
For its last two seasons, 1932 and 1933, the modus was changed once more for the Southern German championship. The league winners and runners-up now qualified both for the finals tournament, which was played in two groups of eight teams, again regionally sub-divided. The two division winners then played out the Southern championship, with both teams still being qualified for the German finals. The two division runners-up played for the third and last spot at the German finals from the south. The 1932 and 1933 season only differed as far as the regional make up being changed in 1933, away from the system were Württemberg-Baden-Bayern played in one group and Main-Hessen-Rhein-Saar in the other, as it traditionally had been.
The 1932 Southern German final ended in something of a scandal, when the game between Eintracht Frankfurt and the FC Bayern Munich had to be stopped at a 2–0 lead for Eintracht, seven minutes before the end. Bayern supporters had stormed the field and Eintracht Frankfurt was declared the winner. Incidentally, the German final became a rematch which the FC Bayern won 2–0.
1933 to 1945.
With the Nazis rise to power in 1933, the Southern German championship was disbanded. The new Nazi Germany did not wish for regional identities to be preserved. Instead of the "Bezirksligas", the "Gauligas" were established:
A Southern championship was not played anymore.
After 1945.
Shortly after the end of the Second World War, the Oberliga Süd was established and the South of Germany had a united highest football league for the first time. The region it covered in 1945 originally was:
From 1950, the southern half of the state of Baden also became part of the Oberliga Süd region. The area west of the river Rhine however remained separate from the "SFV" and formed the Oberliga Südwest.
Up until 1963, the winner of the "Oberliga Süd" was still referred to as Southern German champions. After 1963, a competition which would have determined a true Southern German champion was not played anymore.
The "Oberliga" system was disbanded in 1963 in favor of the Fußball-Bundesliga and the Regionalliga Süd, a tier-two league became the highest regional league. With its disbanding in 1974 in favor of the 2nd Bundesliga Süd, the region which was once covered the by the "Southern German football championship" briefly had a united league again, even so it was only on the second tier. This league in turn was disbanded in 1981 for the 2nd Bundesliga, which ended the days of a Southern German league.
In 1994, the Regionalliga Süd was re-established, now as a tier-three league, covering the three states of Bavaria, Baden-Württemberg and Hesse. From 2000 to 2008, the south western clubs also formed part of this league once more. From 2008, with the establishment of the 3rd Liga, the three southern states are once more the only once covered by this league, now on the fourth tier of the German league system.
As of 2008, the "Southern German Football Association" is made up of the following five federations:
Finals.
The Southern German championship was not always decided by a one-off final. Before 1908, the championship was carried out with a final. From 1908, the championship was determined through a home-and-away round with the first placed team automatically winning the championship. In the 1916, 1918, 1920, 1921, 1932 and 1933 season, a final was played again.
Cup competition.
From 1918 to 1927, the "SFV" also carried out a cup competition, the "Süddeutscher Pokal" (English: "Southern German Cup"), long before a national competition was introduced in Germany in 1935. At times, this cup winner also gained entry to the Southern German championship. The record winner of this competition is the SpVgg Fürth with five titles.
After the Second World War, the Southern German Cup was revitalised in 1952 and functioned as a qualifying tournament for the German Cup. The cup competition was last played in 1974.
Regional champions.
1928 to 1933.
Source:
Junior level.
Under 19 championship.
From 1946, an under 19 championship for Southern Germany existed, having been played annually. A German Under 19 championship was only established in 1969 and shortly after this, in 1973, the Southern German edition was disbanded.
Under 15 championship.
In 1979, a Southern German under 15 championship was established, being played annually between the five regional champions. It is now the only level of men's football that still plays out a true Southern championship. The end-of-season tournament is held at a neutral location.

</doc>
<doc id="18577854" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18577854" title="Neskynpil'gyn Lagoon">
Neskynpil'gyn Lagoon

The Neskynpil'gyn Lagoon (Russian: Лагуна Нэскэнпильгын) is a shallow coastal lake in the Chukchi Sea at the northern shore of the Chukotka Peninsula, Russia. 30 km to the east is Kolyuchinskaya Bay and 25 km west, Cape Serdtse-Kamen.
The length of the lagoon is 40 km and its width is about 20 km on average. The Fourhorn sculpin is common in its waters.
The Neskynpil'gyn Lagoon is separated from the sea by a narrow landspit which completely encloses the lagoon, isolating it from the Chukchi Sea, except for a narrow pass. 2 km north of the spit is Idlidlya Island. The Chukchi village of Neshkan is located in the spit itself, on the eastern side of the pass. Administratively the whole area around the lagoon belongs to the Chukotka Autonomous Okrug of the Russian Federation.

</doc>
<doc id="18577855" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18577855" title="Alberta Council on Admissions and Transfer">
Alberta Council on Admissions and Transfer

The Alberta Council on Admissions and Transfer (ACAT) is an independent body created in 1974 to facilitate transfer agreements between the various post secondary institutions in Alberta. The vision of ACAT is to "develop a nationally and internationally recognized transfer system" by facilitating the required negotiations between all stakeholders. The Alberta Council on Transfer and Admissions maintains a database of the articulated courses, which is accessible to students through its website.

</doc>
<doc id="18577868" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18577868" title="Compagnie générale française des transports et entreprises">
Compagnie générale française des transports et entreprises

The Compagnie générale française des transports et entreprises (English approximation: "General Company of French Transport and Businesses"), commonly known by the initialism CGFTE, was a company which managed public transportation networks in several French cities, including Bordeaux (TBC), Nancy (Stan ), Rouen (TCAR) and Chambéry (Stac).
It was incorporated into Connex by mergers, then Veolia Transport.

</doc>
<doc id="18577869" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18577869" title="Canned Heat '70 Concert Live in Europe">
Canned Heat '70 Concert Live in Europe

Canned Heat '70 Concert Live In Europe is a 1970 live album by Canned Heat. The album is taken from various locations on live concert European tour right before Alan Wilson’s death and is the band's first officially released live album.

</doc>
<doc id="18577871" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18577871" title="Oakwood Estate Gurgaon">
Oakwood Estate Gurgaon

Oakwood Estate is a DLF Property. This is situated off Akashneem Marg in DLF City Phase 2 in Gurgaon. (Gurgaon is a major industrial and commercial city in Haryana and forms a part of the larger National Capital Region (or NCR) of Delhi).
Overview.
Oakwood Estate has about 336 flats/condos as 3/4 bedroom houses. It is one of the high-rises in Gurgaon, inhabited by intellectuals and businessmen from across the country. It is now less than one kilometer away from two metro-rail stations. All major shopping malls and multiplexes in Gurgaon are in 2 to 3 kilometer radius of this place.
Construction.
Oakwood Estate has 4 towers (A, B, C, D) divided into 2 sections (1 and 2). Towers A and B come under section 1 and towers C and D are under section 2. The central place is a large playground. The southern side of the playground ends is the entry-exit for the campus and the northern side has a swimming pool for the residents (very good by Vastu standards). The swimming pool complex also houses the community hall and a gym for the residents. the eastern and western sides of the campus has smaller parks of all sizes of kids.
Administration.
The affairs of Oakwood Estate are managed by an elected body of office bearers under the aegis of Oakwood Estate Condominium Association (or OECA). OECA ensures sanity of the area, uninterrupted power and water supply, security and horticulture of the campus.

</doc>
<doc id="18577890" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18577890" title="University of Medicine, Magway">
University of Medicine, Magway

The University of Medicine, Magway (, ) located in Magway, is one of five universities of medicine in Burma. The university offers an M.B.,B.S. degree program, and master's degree programs in medical science. 
Up to 2011 December, the Ministry of Health-administered university was one of the most selective in the country, and accepts each year approximately 600 undergraduate students outside of Yangon Region and Mandalay Region based on their college matriculation exam scores. 
As it was the only university of medicine in the country that accepts students from the rest of the country, the university was reputed to have the most economically, culturally and ethnically diverse student population as the Union University, ျပည႙႘ထာင႙စု ႘ဆးတကၠသိုလ႙, among all Burmese universities of medicine.
But, when educational reforms are started under the New Regime, the numbers of fresher candidates is reduced to 99 (2012 December)and those fresher students are from Magway Region, Shan State(East), Rakhine State, Bago Region (West).
The fresher students from Lower Myanmar are relocated to University of Medicine 2, Yangon, and those from Kachin State, Chin State and Sagaing Region are to University of Medicine Mandalay.
University of Medicine, Magway, is one of 4 schools in Burma recognized by the Educational Commission for Foreign Medical Graduates.
Undergraduate curriculum.
Third Year M.B.,B.S..
Students are also posted for 18 weeks each to the medical and surgical wards for clinical training.
Internship.
All the government hospitals in Burma which have at least 4 specialties centers can be regarded as a field place for interns.
House officer training.
All students, after a successful completion of Final Part II examination, are required to continue with hands-on training for a period of one year as house surgeons in state-recognized teaching hospitals in Yangon and/ r the State and Division Hospitals. Training periods are:
House Officers must take their training in one of the teaching hospitals in the following cities:
The House Officers can apply,if they wished, for the transfer to Yangon and Mandalay Hospitals after one ward completion in Training Hospitals under University of Medicine, Magway.
Graduate curriculum.
The university offers master's degree programs in anatomy, microbiology, internal medicine,surgery, O.G and child health.</ref>
Teaching hospitals.
Official Website of University of Medicine Magway are http://www.ummg.info and http://www.ummg.edu.mm

</doc>
<doc id="18577909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18577909" title="François Feuardent">
François Feuardent

François Feuardent (1539 – 1 January 1610) was a French Franciscan theologian, and preacher of the Ligue.
Life.
Feuardent was born at Coutances, Normandy. Having studied humanities at Bayeux, he joined the Friars Minor. After the novitiate, he was sent to Paris to continue his studies, where he received (1576) the degree of Doctor in Theology and taught at the university. 
He took a leading part in the political and religious troubles in which France was involved at that time. With Jean Boucher and Guillaume Rose, bishop of Senlis, he was one of the foremost preachers in the cause of the Catholic Ligue. As Roennus remarks in an appendix to Feuardent's "Theomachia", there was not a church in Paris in which he had not preached. Throughout France and beyond the frontiers in Lorraine and Flanders, he was a defender of the Catholic faith. Pierre de l'Etoile, a fierce adversary of the Ligue, recognises in his "Mémoires" Feuardent's subsequent efforts in pacifying the country. 
In his old age he retired to the convent of Bayeux, which he restored and furnished with a good library. He died in Paris.
Works.
His works can be grouped in three classes: (1) Scriptural; (2) patristical; (3) controversial. They included:
(1) A new edition of the medieval Scripturist, Nicholas of Lyra: "Biblia Sacra, cum glossa ordinaria ... et postillâ Nicolai Lyrani" (Paris, 1590), 6 vols. fol.). He also wrote commentaries on various books of Holy Scripture, viz on Ruth Esther, Job, Jonas, the two Epistles of St. Peter, the Epistles of St. Jude and St. James, the Epistle of St. Paul to Philemon, and others. 
(2) "S. Irenaei Lugd. episcopi adversus Valentini . . . haereses libri quinque" (Paris, 1576); "S. Ildephonsi archiepiscopi Toletani de virginitate Mariae liber" (Paris, 1576). Feuardent also wrote an introduction and notes to "Michaelis Pselli Dialogus de energiâ seu operatione daemonum translatus a Petro Marrello" (Paris, 1577). 
(3) "Appendix ad libros Alphonsi a Castro (O.F.M.) contra haereses" (Paris, 1578). "Theomachia Calvinistica", his chief work, is based on some earlier writings, such as: "Semaine premiere des dialogues auxquels sont examinees et refutees 174 erreurs des Calvinistes" (1585); "Seconde semaine des dialogues ..." (Paris, 1598); "Entremangeries et guerres mininstrales ..." (Caen, 1601).

</doc>
<doc id="18577915" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18577915" title="Donald Baechler">
Donald Baechler

Donald Baechler (born 1956 in Hartford, Connecticut) is an American artist. He attended the Maryland Institute College of Art from 1974–77, and Cooper Union from 1977-78. Dissatisfied with New York City, he proceeded to the Staatliche Hochschule fuer Bildende Künste Städelschule in Frankfurt am Main, Germany.
"At Cooper Union I met some German exchange students. This was 1977, and I found the whole scene at the school to be white and boring, to be honest. It wasn't what I wanted out of art school or what I wanted out of being in New York. The most interesting minds, the most interesting talents and energy came from those German kids. And they said, 'Why don't you come to Germany?' The easiest school to get into was the one attached to the Frankfurt Museum. The entrance requirements were less strict, so I went with it and spent a year in Frankfurt. They were very generous."
Baechler returned to New York City in 1980, where he was soon a part of a burgeoning Lower Manhattan arts scene, showing in the East Village and exhibition spaces such as Artists Space and the Drawing Center. Baechler and Tony Shafrazi struck up an acquaintance over a shared interest in artist Joseph Kosuth. Shafrazi was developing an interest in graffiti-oriented works, and founded a downtown gallery that represented Baechler, Keith Haring, Kenny Scharf and eventually Jean-Michel Basquiat. In a 2000 interview, Baechler said:Tony obviously had some grander vision about what was going on and decided that it wasn't the end of conceptualism, but the beginning of something else. I never felt entirely comfortable showing my work there because it had nothing to do with what Keith and Kenny Scharf were doing. I wasn't part of this downtown club scene, and I had nothing to do with so-called graffiti art ... I always used to tell people, 'I'm an abstract artist before anything else,' For me, it's always been more about line, form, balance and the edge of the canvas—all these silly formalist concerns—than it has been about subject matter or narrative or politics.
Baechler's early work was noted for childlike imagery and thematics—associations which have recurred throughout his career. "Like Art Brut," wrote Steven Vincent in "Art in America", "Donald Baechler's seemingly ingenuous depictions of everyday objects and simple figures succeed in large part by tapping into our nostalgia for childhood, that period of life before the rivening onset of self-consciousness and guilt. It's a myth, of course: children are hardly angelic, and alienation is the state of humanity—while Beachler's art works hard to achieve its trademark appearance of prelapsarian sincerity and artlessness."
Art and Context.
Baechler's source material draws broadly on classical art history, the New York School, contemporary art, folk art, outsider art, pop culture and childhood. Grace Glueck of the "New York Times" noted "echoes of Rauschenberg, Warhol, Lichtenstein," while Edward Leffingwell of "Art in America" characterized Baechler's approach as "some strange and uncompromising posture out of Otterness and Rodin."
Holland Cotter of the "New York Times" described a 1993 exhibition at Sperone-Westwater Gallery: "Mr. Baechler jams together pages from children's copy books, maps of Africa and Europe, sketches of toys (beach balls, building blocks) and the reiterated form—emphatic and phallic—of an upheld thumb. In one drawing several thumbs fill the inside of an outlined head, perhaps giving a clue to the darker undercurrents in Mr. Baechler's work as a whole. Art, like play, he seems to suggest, is just a method for keeping chaos at bay, and these days even the best-behaved child knows he's under somebody's thumb." Playing cars, fortune cookies, a ceramic onion, flowers, ice-cream cones, even a visual play on Mr. Bill of "Saturday Night Live", little escapes Baechler's image bank, which is a literal collection.
"I hold onto absolutely everything," said the artist. "I would guess out of every thousand images I save, I probably use one or two. I've never actually counted. I save images in many different forms; I save them in endless file cabinets. I have slide binders with thousands and thousands of slides that I work from. But most of the things I photograph never find their way into a painting; and most of the things I save and catalog and photocopy never really find their way into a work. It's necessary to accumulate all of these things to get to the point of what's important."
Widely regarded as a painter, Baechler's three-dimensional work has been correlated to the sculptural works of Roy Lichtenstein, Alex Katz and Carroll Dunham. Baechler has long experimented with a variety of forms and materials, always maintaining what has been dubbed his "gee-whiz approach." Alex Hawgood, in a 2008 "New York Times" profile, summarized: "Baechler ... is known for his sunny, multimedia work that explores the language of cultural symbols."
But Baechler's "animated, engaging and ... beautifully made" images are not without sentiment. "Baechler," wrote Edward Leffingwell of "Art in America", "scatters his surfaces with the detritus of childhood, portraying the adult today through the images of a past not quite left behind." And neither is Baechler outside the purview of art history. "New York Times" critic Holland Cotter remarked of Baechler: "At this very moment, some industrious doctoral student somewhere is documenting how thoroughly images of childhood have pervaded art of the late 1980's and early 90's. The images aren't chiefly those of adolescence, as was the case with Pop Art in the 60's, but of infancy." 
The restaurant Caravaggio on the Upper East Side of Manhattan exhibits two paintings and a sculpture by Baechler.

</doc>
<doc id="18577947" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18577947" title="Barcea">
Barcea

Barcea is a commune in Galați County, Romania with a population of 6,132 people. It is composed of two villages, Barcea and Podoleni.

</doc>
<doc id="18577952" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18577952" title="Bălăbănești, Galați">
Bălăbănești, Galați

Bălăbăneşti is a commune in Galați County, Romania with a population of 2,339 people. It is composed of four villages: Bălăbăneşti, Lungeşti, Bursucani and Zimbru. It also included two other villages until 2004, when they were split off to form Rădeşti Commune.

</doc>
<doc id="18577959" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18577959" title="Bălășești, Galați">
Bălășești, Galați

Bălăşeşti is a commune in Galați County, Romania with a population of 2,514 people. It is composed of four villages: Bălăşeşti, Ciureşti, Ciureştii Noi and Pupezeni.

</doc>
<doc id="18577972" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18577972" title="Băleni, Galați">
Băleni, Galați

Băleni is a commune in Galați County, Romania with a population of 2,675 people. It is composed of a single village, Băleni.

</doc>
<doc id="18577978" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18577978" title="Băneasa, Galați">
Băneasa, Galați

Băneasa is a commune in Galați County, Romania with a population of 2,167 people. It is composed of two villages, Băneasa and Roşcani.

</doc>
<doc id="18577983" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18577983" title="Berești-Meria">
Berești-Meria

Bereşti-Meria is a commune in Galați County, Romania with a population of 3,500 people. It is composed of ten villages: Aldeşti, Balinteşti, Bereşti-Meria, Onciu, Pleşa, Prodăneşti, Puricani, Săseni, Slivna and Şipote.

</doc>
<doc id="18577989" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18577989" title="Brăhășești">
Brăhășești

Brăhăşeşti is a commune in Galați County, Romania with a population of 7,692 people. It is composed of four villages: Brăhăşeşti, Corcioveni, Cosiţeni and Toflea.
At the 2011 census, 68.3% of inhabitants were Roma and 31.7% Romanians.

</doc>
<doc id="18577996" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18577996" title="Braniștea, Galați">
Braniștea, Galați

Braniştea is a commune in Galați County, Romania with a population of 4,020 people. It is composed of four villages, Braniştea, Lozova, Traian and Vasile Alecsandri.

</doc>
<doc id="18578001" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18578001" title="Buciumeni, Galați">
Buciumeni, Galați

Buciumeni is a commune in Galați County, Romania with a population of 2,637 people. It is composed of four villages: Buciumeni, Hănţeşti, Tecucelu Sec and Vizureşti.

</doc>
<doc id="18578004" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18578004" title="Cavadinești">
Cavadinești

Cavadineşti is a commune in Galați County, Romania with a population of 3,520 people. It is composed of four villages: Cavadineşti, Comăneşti, Găneşti and Vădeni.

</doc>
<doc id="18578009" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18578009" title="Cerțești">
Cerțești

Cerţeşti is a commune in Galați County, Romania with a population of 2,486 people. It is composed of three villages: Cârlomăneşti, Cerţeşti and Cotoroaia.

</doc>
<doc id="18578012" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18578012" title="Amuran">
Amuran

History.
Source:

</doc>
<doc id="18578014" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18578014" title="Corni, Galați">
Corni, Galați

Corni is a commune in Galați County, Romania with a population of 2,462 people. It is composed of three villages: Corni, Măcişeni and Urleşti.

</doc>
<doc id="18578019" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18578019" title="Rand Refinery">
Rand Refinery

Rand Refinery (Pty) Limited is the largest integrated single-site precious metals refining and smelting complex in the world.
It was established in 1920 in Germiston, South Africa, by the Chamber of Mines of South Africa to refine all the gold produced by South Africa's gold mines. Building of the facilities commenced in August 1920. Since its inception it has refined nearly 50,000 tonnes of gold. This represents some 30% of all the gold mined in the world since antiquity.
In recent years, Rand Refinery has evolved from a pure refiner of doré to a more rounded company with an emphasis on beneficiation. It facilitates a wide range of value-added products including: 
By law the South African Mint Company is the only company allowed to manufacture South African legal tender coins such as the world famous Krugerrand. All the gold used to manufacture the coins is supplied by Rand Refinery, who has been appointed the sole supplier of bullion Krugerrands to primary distributors both locally and internationally.
In addition to its smelting and refining services Rand Refinery offers metallurgical, logistics and vault services. It acts as an agent for its precious metal depositing customers and its global markets business unit markets all the precious metal produced by the refinery. 

</doc>
<doc id="18578022" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18578022" title="Corod">
Corod

Corod is a commune in Galați County, Romania. It is composed of four villages: Blânzi, Brătuleşti, Cărăpceşti and Corod.
Demography.
According to the census conducted in 2011, the population of Corod amounts to 7,334 inhabitants, down from the previous census in 2002, when it had a registered 7,870 inhabitants. Most people (96.36%), are Romanian. The ethnicity for 3.61% of the population is unknown. Most of the inhabitants are Orthodox (96.06%). For 3.74% of the population the religious affiliation is unknown.

</doc>
<doc id="18578032" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18578032" title="Cosmești, Galați">
Cosmești, Galați

Cosmeşti is a commune in Galați County, Romania with a population of 6,475 people. It is composed of six villages: Băltăreţi, Cosmeşti, Cosmeştii-Vale, Furcenii Noi, Furcenii Vechi and Satu Nou.

</doc>
<doc id="18578034" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18578034" title="Costache Negri, Galați">
Costache Negri, Galați

Costache Negri is a commune in Galați County, Romania with a population of 2,562 people. It is composed of a single village, Costache Negri, and is named after Costache Negri, an 1848 revolutionary.

</doc>
<doc id="18578037" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18578037" title="Cuca, Galați">
Cuca, Galați

Cuca is a commune in Galați County, Romania with a population of 2,560 people. It is composed of a single village, Cuca.

</doc>
<doc id="18578040" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18578040" title="Staged combustion">
Staged combustion

Staged combustion is a method for reducing nitrogen oxides (NOx) emissions from combustion. There are two methods - air staged supply and fuel staged supply. Applications include boilers and rocket engines.
History.
Staged combustion dates back to the hot bulb engine of the 1890s. The first stage of combustion occurred inside the hot bulb and the hot gases were then forced out into the cylinder, where they mixed with additional air, and the second stage of combustion took place. At this time, staged combustion was used because it was a convenient method of ignition and it is unlikely that there would have been much concern about air pollution.

</doc>
<doc id="18578041" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18578041" title="Cudalbi">
Cudalbi

Cudalbi is a commune in Galați County, Romania with a population of 7,992 people. It is composed of a single village, Cudalbi.

</doc>
<doc id="18578043" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18578043" title="Cuza Vodă, Galați">
Cuza Vodă, Galați

Cuza Vodă is a commune in Galați County, Romania with a population of 3,100 people. It is composed of a single village, Cuza Vodă. This was part of Slobozia Conachi Commune until 2005, when it was split off to form a separate commune.

</doc>
<doc id="18578045" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18578045" title="Drăgănești, Galați">
Drăgănești, Galați

Drăgăneşti is a commune in Galați County, Romania with a population of 5,827 people. It is composed of two villages, Drăgăneşti and Malu Alb.

</doc>
<doc id="18578047" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18578047" title="Drăgușeni, Galați">
Drăgușeni, Galați

Drăguşeni is a commune in Galați County, Romania with a population of 5,255 people. It is composed of seven villages: Adam, Căuieşti, Drăguşeni, Fundeanu, Ghingheşti, Nicopole and Ştieţeşti.

</doc>
<doc id="18578052" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18578052" title="Fârțănești">
Fârțănești

Fârţăneşti is a commune in Galați County, Romania with a population of 5,283 people. It is composed of two villages, Fârţăneşti and Viile.

</doc>
<doc id="18578054" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18578054" title="Foltești">
Foltești

Folteşti is a commune in Galați County, Romania with a population of 3,268 people. It is composed of two villages, Folteşti and Stoicani.

</doc>
<doc id="18578057" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18578057" title="Tsuboi Station">
Tsuboi Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR West

</doc>
<doc id="18578060" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18578060" title="Khin Kyaw Han">
Khin Kyaw Han

Khin Kyaw Han (born 23 February 1953 in Yenangaung) is a former Burmese politician. In 1990 he was elected in Yenangaung Township as a Member of Parliament for Aung San Suu Kyi party (NLD National League for Democracy). A former political prisoner, he fled to Thailand after his 2003 release. Han authored the book "1990 Multi-Party Democracy General Elections".

</doc>
<doc id="18578064" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18578064" title="Frumușița">
Frumușița

Frumuşiţa is a commune in Galați County, Romania with a population of 5,165 people. It is composed of three villages: Frumuşiţa, Ijdileni and Tămăoani.

</doc>
<doc id="18578069" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18578069" title="Fundeni, Galați">
Fundeni, Galați

Fundeni is a commune in Galați County, Romania with a population of 3,923 people. It is composed of four villages: Fundeni, Fundenii Noi, Hanu Conachi and Lungoci.

</doc>
<doc id="18578072" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18578072" title="Mimasaka-Oiwake Station">
Mimasaka-Oiwake Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR West

</doc>
<doc id="18578075" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18578075" title="Paul Wilmott">
Paul Wilmott

Paul Wilmott (born 8 November 1959) is a researcher, consultant and lecturer in quantitative finance. He is best known as the author of various academic and practitioner texts on risk and derivatives, and for Wilmott magazine and Wilmott.com [http://www.wilmott.com], a quantitative finance portal.
After an undergraduate degree in mathematics from St Catherine's College, Oxford, Wilmott stayed on to get a DPhil in fluid mechanics in 1985.
He then went on to work on mathematical modelling for various industries before going into quantitative finance. He is currently the co-owner and Course Director for the Certificate in Quantitative Finance, a half year distance learning course on mathematical finance at 7City Learning, a London-based company providing training for the financial services industry. He is a founding partner of Caissa Capital, a volatility arbitrage hedge fund. He is on the editorial board of the academic journal "International Journal of Theoretical and Applied Finance". He founded the "Diploma in Mathematical Finance" at Oxford University; and the journal "Applied Mathematical Finance". He is a director of Wilmott Electronic Media, which manages Wilmott.com, a website for the quantitative analyst community, and is a director of Paul & Dominic Quant Recruitment.
He has written research articles on finance and mathematics, and, amongst others, has authored the following books:
Together with Emanuel Derman, Paul Wilmott authored the "Financial Modelers' Manifesto".

</doc>
<doc id="18578076" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18578076" title="Vicente Ferre">
Vicente Ferre

Vicente Ferre (b. at Valencia, Spain; d. at Salamanca in 1682) was a Spanish Dominican theologian, a leading Thomist of his time.
Life.
He entered the Dominican Order at Salamanca, where he pursued his studies in the Dominican College of St. Stephen. After teaching in several houses of study of his order in Spain, he was called from Burgos to Rome, where for eighteen years he was "regens primarius" of the Dominican College of St. Thomas, the future Pontifical University of Saint Thomas Aquinas, "Angelicum" 
From Rome he went to Salamanca, where he became prior of the convent and, after three years, regent of studies. 
Works.
He died while publishing his commentaries on the "Summa Theologica" of Thomas Aquinas. We have two folio volumes on the Secunda Secundae, covering the treatises of faith, hope, and charity, and the opposite vices. Published at Rome in 1669; three on the Prima, published at Salamanca, in 1675, 1676, and 1678 respectively; and three on the Prima Secundae, down to Q. cxiii, published at Salamanca, 1679, 1681, and 1690. His confrère Pérez à Lerma added to Q. cxiv the treatise on merit.

</doc>
<doc id="18578077" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18578077" title="Ghidigeni">
Ghidigeni

Ghidigeni is a commune in Galați County, Romania with a population of 6,244 people. It is composed of eight villages: Gara Ghidigeni, Gârbovăţ, Gefu, Ghidigeni, Gura Gârbovăţului, Slobozia Corni, Tălpigi and Tăplău.

</doc>
<doc id="18578082" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18578082" title="Mimasaka-Ochiai Station">
Mimasaka-Ochiai Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR West

</doc>
<doc id="18578083" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18578083" title="Gohor">
Gohor

Gohor is a commune in Galați County, Romania with a population of 3,855 people. It is composed of five villages: Gara Berheci, Gohor, Ireasca, Nărteşti and Poşta.

</doc>
<doc id="18578090" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18578090" title="Grivița, Galați">
Grivița, Galați

Griviţa is a commune in Galați County, Romania with a population of 3,665 people. It is composed of two villages, Călmăţui and Griviţa.

</doc>
<doc id="18578094" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18578094" title="Komi Station (Okayama)">
Komi Station (Okayama)

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR West

</doc>
<doc id="18578095" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18578095" title="Independența, Galați">
Independența, Galați

Independenţa is a commune in Galați County, Romania with a population of 4,930 people. It is composed of a single village, Independenţa.

</doc>
<doc id="18578100" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18578100" title="Cape Lutke (Alaska)">
Cape Lutke (Alaska)

Cape Lutke is a headland on Unimak Island, the largest island in the Aleutian Islands chain of the U.S. state of Alaska. It is located on the southern central coast of the island.
This headland was named Mys Litke, after Russian explorer Count Fyodor Petrovich Litke, by the Imperial Russian Hydrographic Service in 1847, but Litke's name was misspelt as "Lutke" in American maps.
This same point was called Mys Sivuchiy (meaning "Sealion Cape" in Russian) by Capt. Tebenkov in 1852, and Cape Promontory by the U.S. Bureau of Fisheries (USBF) in 1888.

</doc>
<doc id="18578103" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18578103" title="Ivești, Galați">
Ivești, Galați

Iveşti is a commune in Galați County, Romania with a population of 9,900 people. It is composed of two villages, Buceşti and Iveşti.

</doc>
<doc id="18578108" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18578108" title="Kuse Station">
Kuse Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR West

</doc>
<doc id="18578114" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18578114" title="Jorăști">
Jorăști

Jorăşti is a commune in Galați County, Romania with a population of 1,929 people. It is composed of three villages: Lunca, Jorăşti and Zărneşti.

</doc>
<doc id="18578116" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18578116" title="Vintage (Canned Heat album)">
Vintage (Canned Heat album)

Vintage is the sixth album by Canned Heat. Produced by rhythm & blues legend, Johnny Otis, the album featured Muddy Waters/Elmore James' song "Rollin' and Tumblin'" recorded with and without Alan Wilson's hard-hitting harmonica leads. These sessions have surfaced on a multiple of reissues including, "Don't Forget to Boogie: Vintage Heat" (2002), "Vintage Canned Heat" (1996), "Eternal Boogie", "Canned Heat In Concert", and various other releases.

</doc>
<doc id="18578119" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18578119" title="Chūgoku-Katsuyama Station">
Chūgoku-Katsuyama Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR West

</doc>
<doc id="18578121" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18578121" title="The First Minute of a New Day">
The First Minute of a New Day

The First Minute of a New Day is an album by American soul artist Gil Scott-Heron and musician Brian Jackson, released in January 1975 on Arista Records. Recording sessions for the album took place in the summer of 1974 at D&B Sound in Silver Spring, Maryland. It was the follow-up to Scott-Heron's and Jackson's critically acclaimed collaboration effort "Winter in America". "The First Minute of a New Day" was the first album to feature "Winter in America", the title track of Scott-Heron's previous album which was not featured on its original LP release. The album was reissued on compact disc by Scott-Heron's label Rumal-Gia Records in 1998.
Music.
"The First Minute of a New Day" served as Jackson's and Scott-Heron's debut for the Arista label and featured the eight-piece Midnight Band. With the Midnight Band and better financial support from Arista, the album benefited from a larger supporting cast and slicker production, in contrast to the sparse production on "Winter in America". The Midnight Band would later be featured on following Scott-Heron albums, assisting in production and back-up instrumentation.
The songs on "The First Minute of a New Day", which feature themes ranging from spirituality ("Offering") to revolution ("The Liberation Song") and oppression ("Winter in America"), contain free jazz melodies by the Midnight Band and funk influences. "Winter in America" featured themes of struggle and had Scott-Heron singing of social, geographical and environmental oppression. The album's only spoken word cut, also a live take, "Pardon Our Analyis" was a sequel to "Winter in America"'s "H20 Gate Blues" as a criticism of President Richard Nixon's pardon, though this time the track did not feature a musical backing of any kind.
Reception.
Following the little commercial success experienced by Scott-Heron's previous LPs, the album had multi-chart success, which seemed promising for their new record label. Even though Scott-Heron's previous albums, in specific "Pieces of a Man" and "Winter in America", featured singles, they did not chart. However, no singles were released for "The First Minute of a New Day", off the album or for promotion.
Following heavy promotion by Arista, the album entered the Top Jazz Albums chart at #17 on February 8, 1975. It later peaked at #5 before falling off the charts on July 19, 1975, 24 weeks after its original appearance. "The First Minute of a New Day" also peaked at #8 on the Black Albums chart and #30 on the Pop Albums chart. While not as critically acclaimed as Jackson's and Scott-Heron's previous effort "Winter in America", "The First Minute of a New Day" gave Scott-Heron wider recognition among fans and critics, due in part to its heavy promotion. Tim Sheridan of Allmusic called it "solid, decidedly left-of-center jazz-R&B" and went on to write:
Music critic Neil Tesser described Scott-Heron's singing voice for the album as "mahogany, sunshine, and tears." The contributions by the Midnight Band were also praised by critics. Robert Christgau of the Village Voice noted that "the free-jazz-gone-populist band generates so much rhythmic energy that it carries over the weak spots".
Track listing.
"All songs written by Gil Scott-Heron and Brian Jackson, except where noted."
Side one
Side two
Bonus tracks.
"All bonus cuts for the CD reissue were managed and produced by Malcolm Cecil."
Charts.
Billboard Music Charts (North America) – "The First Minute of a New Day"

</doc>
<doc id="18578122" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18578122" title="Măstăcani">
Măstăcani

Măstăcani is a commune in Galați County, Romania with a population of 5,144 people. It is composed of two villages, Chiraftei and Măstăcani.

</doc>
<doc id="18578127" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18578127" title="Matca">
Matca

Matca is a commune in Galați County, Romania. It is composed of a single village, Matca.

</doc>
<doc id="18578128" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18578128" title="Tsukida Station">
Tsukida Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR West

</doc>
<doc id="18578134" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18578134" title="Movileni, Galați">
Movileni, Galați

Movileni is a commune in Galați County, Romania with a population of 3,175 people. It is composed of a single village, Movileni.

</doc>
<doc id="18578136" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18578136" title="Tomihara Station">
Tomihara Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR West

</doc>
<doc id="18578138" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18578138" title="Munteni">
Munteni

Munteni is a commune in Galați County, Romania with a population of 9,684 people. It is composed of four villages: Frunzeasca, Munteni, Ţigăneşti and Ungureni. It also included two other villages until 2004, when they were split off to form Negrileşti Commune.

</doc>
<doc id="18578139" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18578139" title="Kenton Smith">
Kenton Smith

Kenton Smith (born September 10, 1979) is a Canadian professional ice hockey player, now playing for Cardiff Devils in the Elite Ice Hockey League.
Playing career.
Smith began playing at major junior level for the Calgary Hitmen of the Western Hockey League (WHL) in 1995–96. He competed for the Hitmen for five seasons, establishing himself as a cornerstone of the team during that time. In 1998–99, he recorded 19 goals to establish a single-season team record by a defenceman (surpassed by Paul Postma's 23 goals in 2008–09), en route to leading his team to a President's Cup as WHL champions in 1999. Smith played 386 games in total for the Hitmen, scoring 226 points and clocking 527 penalty minutes.
Smith began his professional career in 2000, splitting the season between the ill-fated Detroit Vipers of the International Hockey League (IHL) and the Johnstown Chiefs of the ECHL. In his 13 game spell with the Chiefs, Smith would help them into the post season, when he himself would feature on four occasions. His brief but promising showing with the Chiefs would ensure his return to the ECHL the following season, although for the Pensacola Ice Pilots.
Smith would impress for the Ice Pilots, and was rewarded with a call up to the American Hockey League (AHL) from the Springfield Falcons. He would feature in 9 AHL games before returning to play at ECHL standard. For the 2002-03 season, Smith would become a Charlotte Checkers player, and again showed his ability at ECHL level, scoring 22 points in 48 games. Despite this, Smith would move again during the off-season, this time signing for the Columbus Cottonmouths. He would feature in every one of the Cottonmouths regular season fixtures, helping out with 24 points along the way.
In 2004, Smith chose to return to the Charlotte Checkers, the beginning of a long and successful spell for both player and organisation. The Checkers would make the post-season in all four seasons which Smith spent at the club, and the player himself managed to score 125 points in 282 games. Smith did not miss a single regular season Checkers game from the start of the 2005-06 season until his departure at the end of the 2007-08 term. 
In the summer of 2008, Smith was introduced to his first taste of European hockey, opting to sign for the Elite Ice Hockey League (EIHL)'s Manchester Phoenix under head coach Tony Hand with the contract being announced on June 10, 2008. Smith has also been appointed as captain for the 2008–09 season. Under Smith's often inspiring leadership, the Phoenix reached both the Knock-Out and Challenge Cup finals for the first time in their history as well as once again competing in the play-offs. Despite the success brought to Manchester by the team, off-ice financial problems arose and in the summer of 2009, the organisation announced that it would compete in the English Premier Ice Hockey League for the 2009-10 season. As a direct result, the budget would have to be dramatically reduced and therefore Smith, along with most of the senior squad, would be released. 
He then joined HC Valpellice Bulldogs along with Manchester team mate David-Alexandre Beauregard. After one season he returned to the UK with the Cardiff Devils along with his brother Mark.

</doc>
<doc id="18578140" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18578140" title="Dustin Lance Black">
Dustin Lance Black

Dustin Lance Black (born June 10, 1974) is an American screenwriter, director, film and television producer, and LGBT rights activist. He has won a Writers Guild of America Award and an Academy Award for the 2008 film "Milk".
Black is a founding board member of the American Foundation for Equal Rights and writer of "8", a staged reenactment of the federal trial that led to a federal court's overturn of California's Proposition 8.
Early life.
Black was born in Sacramento, California and grew up in a Mormon household, in San Antonio, Texas and later moved to Salinas, California when his mother remarried. His natural father had earlier been the Mormon missionary who had baptized Black's mother.
Growing up surrounded by Mormon culture and military bases, Black worried about his sexuality. He told himself, "I'm going to hell. And if I ever admit it, I'll be hurt, and I'll be brought down" when he found himself attracted to a boy in his neighborhood at the age of six or seven. He says that his "acute awareness" of his sexuality made him dark, shy and at times suicidal. He came out in his senior year of college.
While attending North Salinas High School, Black began to work in theater at The Western Stage in Salinas-Monterey, California, and later worked on productions including "" at Hollywood's Hudson Main Stage Theater. Black attended the University of California, Los Angeles, School of Theater, Film, and Television (UCLA) while apprenticing with stage directors, taking acting jobs and working on theater lighting crews. He graduated with honors from UCLA's School of Theater, Film and Television in 1996.
Career.
In 2000, Black wrote and directed "The Journey of Jared Price", a gay romance film, and "Something Close to Heaven", a gay coming-of-age short film. In 2001, he directed and was a subject in the documentary "On the Bus" about a Nevada road trip and adventure at Burning Man taken by six gay men. Raised as Mormon, he was hired as the only such writer on the HBO drama series "Big Love" about a polygamous family. He has written for all seasons, serving on season one as a staff writer, executive story editor in season two, and was promoted again, to co-producer, for season three.
Black had first visited San Francisco in the early 1990s, while AIDS was devastating the city's gay community. Black said that, "Hearing about Harvey was about the only hopeful story there was at the time." He had first viewed Rob Epstein's documentary "The Times of Harvey Milk" when he was in college, and thought, "I just want to do something with this, why hasn't someone done something with this?" Researching Milk's life for three years, Black met with Milk's former aides Cleve Jones and Anne Kronenberg, as well as former San Francisco Mayor Art Agnos, and began to write a feature film screenplay encompassing the events of Milk's life. The screenplay was written on spec, but Black showed the script to Jones, who passed it on to his friend Gus Van Sant, who signed on to direct the feature. Black is an old friend of "Milk" producer Dan Jinks, who signed on to the biopic after he called Black to congratulate him and discovered that the project did not have a confirmed producer.
Black's film "Pedro", profiling the life of AIDS activist and reality television personality Pedro Zamora, premiered at the 2008 Toronto International Film Festival. Coming up, Paris Barclay is slated to direct his screenplay "A Life Like Mine" and Gus Van Sant is set to direct his film adaptation of Tom Wolfe's book "The Electric Kool-Aid Acid Test". Black directed his own script "Virginia", starring Jennifer Connelly.
On February 22, 2009, Black won the Oscar for Best Original Screenplay for "Milk" at the 81st Academy Awards. He wore a White Knot to the ceremony as a symbol of solidarity with the marriage equality movement.
On October 11, 2009, Black marched in the National Equality March and delivered a speech in front of the United States Capitol to an estimated crowd of 200,000 LGBT rights activists.
In 2010, Black narrated "", a documentary about the involvement of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS) in California's Proposition 8. Black accepted the award for best documentary for 8:The Mormon Proposition at the GLAAD Media awards in San Francisco and spoke out on discrimination in the LDS Church and meeting with the church to make it more LGBT-inclusive.
Black wrote the screenplay for "J. Edgar", a biographical drama released November 11, 2011, directed by Clint Eastwood and starring Leonardo DiCaprio.
In 2011, Black wrote the play "8", which portrays the actual events in the "Hollingsworth v. Perry" trial and the testimony which led to the overturn of California's Proposition 8. He created the play in response to the federal court's refusal to allow release of video recordings from the trial and to give the public a true account of what transpired in the courtroom. It is written and performed using original transcripts from the trial and journalist records, along with first-hand interviews of the people involved. ""8"" first opened at the Eugene O'Neill Theatre in New York City on September 19, 2011, and later broadcast to a worldwide audience on YouTube from the Ebell of Los Angeles Theatre on March 3, 2012.
The American Foundation for Equal Rights (AFER) and Broadway Impact, sponsors of ""8"", have now released and licensed the play for readings nationwide on college campuses and in community theaters free of charge.
Black appears as himself in the documentary film "Hollywood to Dollywood" (2012).
Personal life.
Black was the top entry on a list of openly gay influential people in "The Advocate"'"s" "Forty under 40" issue of June/July 2009. He was featured on the cover of the magazine. He was one of the Official Grand Marshals in the 2009 NYC LGBT Pride March, produced by Heritage of Pride joining Anne Kronenberg and Cleve Jones.
On January 24, 2012, Black's brother Marcus died of cancer.

</doc>
<doc id="18578144" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18578144" title="Nicorești">
Nicorești

Nicoreşti is a commune in Galați County, Romania with a population of 6,099 people. It is composed of ten villages: Braniştea, Coasta Lupei, Dobrineşti, Fântâni, Grozăveşti, Ionăşeşti, Mălureni, Nicoreşti, Piscu Corbului and Sârbi. It included two other villages until 2004, when they were split off to form Poiana Commune.

</doc>
<doc id="18578147" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18578147" title="Driven Music Group">
Driven Music Group

Driven Music Group is a record label founded by Korn guitarist Brian "Head" Welch, Mark Nawara and Greg Shanaberger. The company has a distribution deal with Warner Music Group.
Current artists.
Crossbreed<br>
Driven Madness<br>
Flotsam & Jetsam<br>
Godhead<br>
Even The Dogs<br>
Embracing Goodbye
Former artists.
Brian Head Welch

</doc>
<doc id="18578148" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18578148" title="Osakabe Station">
Osakabe Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR West

</doc>
<doc id="18578155" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18578155" title="Oancea">
Oancea

Oancea is a commune in Galați County, Romania with a population of 1,546 people. It is composed of two villages, Oancea and Slobozia Oancea. 
It is also a border crossing between Moldova and Romania. 

</doc>
<doc id="18578156" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18578156" title="Tajibe Station">
Tajibe Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR West

</doc>
<doc id="18578158" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18578158" title="Pechea">
Pechea

Pechea is a commune in Galați County, Romania with a population of 11,199 people. It is composed of two villages, Lupele and Pechea.

</doc>
<doc id="18578165" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18578165" title="Piscu">
Piscu

Piscu is a commune in Galați County, Romania with a population of 4,963 people. It is composed of two villages, Piscu and Vameş.

</doc>
<doc id="18578167" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18578167" title="Iwayama Station">
Iwayama Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR West

</doc>
<doc id="18578171" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18578171" title="Poiana, Galați">
Poiana, Galați

Poiana is a commune in Galați County, Romania with a population of 2,150 people. It is composed of two villages, Poiana and Vişina. These were part of Nicorești Commune until 2004, when they were split off.

</doc>
<doc id="18578175" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18578175" title="Priponești">
Priponești

Priponeşti is a commune in Galați County, Romania with a population of 2,544 people. It is composed of five villages: Ciorăşti, Huştiu, Lieşti, Priponeşti and Priponeştii de Jos.
Huştiu village has been depopulated since 1977.

</doc>
<doc id="18578177" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18578177" title="Rădești, Galați">
Rădești, Galați

Rădeşti is a commune in Galați County, Romania with a population of 2,200 people. It is composed of two villages, Cruceanu and Rădeşti. These were part of Bălăbăneşti Commune until 2004, when they were split off.

</doc>
<doc id="18578183" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18578183" title="Rediu, Galați">
Rediu, Galați

Rediu is a commune in Galați County, Romania with a population of 3,909 people at the 2002 census. It is composed of two villages, Plevna and Rediu. Suhurlui village broke off as a separate commune in 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="18578189" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18578189" title="Scânteiești">
Scânteiești

Scânteieşti is a commune in Galați County, Romania with a population of 2,686 people. It is composed of two villages, Fântânele and Scânteieşti.

</doc>
<doc id="18578193" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18578193" title="Schela, Galați">
Schela, Galați

Schela is a commune in Galați County, Romania with a population of 3,521 people. It is composed of two villages, Negrea and Schela.

</doc>
<doc id="18578199" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18578199" title="Șendreni">
Șendreni

Şendreni is a commune in Galați County, Romania with a population of 3,102 people. It is composed of three villages: Movileni, Şendreni and Şerbeştii Vechi.
2010 floods.
During July 2010, the River Siret threatened to break through the dykes protecting Şendreni, as locals and emergency services reinforced the dykes with sandbags trucks full of earth to prevent the river breaking out and flooding the commune. 

</doc>
<doc id="18578204" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18578204" title="Slobozia Conachi">
Slobozia Conachi

Slobozia Conachi is a commune in Galați County, Romania with a population of 7,178 people. It is composed of two villages, Izvoarele and Slobozia Conachi. It also included Cuza Vodă village until 2005, when it was split off to form a separate commune.

</doc>
<doc id="18578209" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18578209" title="Smârdan, Galați">
Smârdan, Galați

Smârdan is a commune in Galați County, Romania with a population of 3,930 people. It is composed of three villages: Cişmele, Mihail Kogălniceanu and Smârdan.

</doc>
<doc id="18578212" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18578212" title="Smulți">
Smulți

Smulţi is a commune in Galați County, Romania with a population of 1,598 people. It is composed of a single village, Smulţi.

</doc>
<doc id="18578215" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18578215" title="Suceveni">
Suceveni

Suceveni is a commune in Galați County, Romania with a population of 2,143 people. It is composed of two villages, Rogojeni and Suceveni.

</doc>
<doc id="18578216" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18578216" title="The Carburetors">
The Carburetors

The Carburetors is a hard rock band from Oslo, Norway. The band was formed in 2001 and the music is based on boogie rock 'n' roll and metal. Their music has been said to be a mix of Chuck Berry and Motörhead.
The band released their first album "Pain is temporary, Glory is forever" on Facefront records in 2004 after several singles on CD and 7". Two video-tracks were produced from the album, and the one for “Burnout” was the second most aired video (all categories!) on Norwegian television in 2004.
Their second album "Loud Enough To Raise The Dead" was recorded during the summer of 2005, and a video was produced for the single track “Rock 'n' Roll Forever”, directed by Bjørn Opsahl .
The Carburetors released their third album "Rock'n'Roll Forever" on Bodog Records in 2008.
The album "Rock'n'Roll Forever" was re-released in Europe November 12, 2010 on Evil Wheel Records.
In 2011 The Carburetors signed a new record deal with the German label 'I Hate People Records' and a publishing deal with Universal Music Publishing.
In 2012 The Carburetors took part of the Melodi Grand Prix 2012, the show which selected the Norwegian contribution to the Eurovision Song Contest 2012 in Baku, Azerbaijan, with the song "Don't Touch The Flame", qualifying directly to the final as their entry was the second most voted song in their in the first semifinal. However, it was voted enough to make it to the Gold Final.

</doc>
<doc id="18578219" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18578219" title="Țepu">
Țepu

Ţepu is a commune in Galați County, Romania with a population of 2,518 people. It is composed of two villages, Ţepu and Ţepu de Sus.

</doc>
<doc id="18578221" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18578221" title="Tudor Vladimirescu, Galați">
Tudor Vladimirescu, Galați

Tudor Vladimirescu is a commune in Galați County, Romania with a population of 4,612 people. It is composed of a single village, Tudor Vladimirescu.

</doc>
<doc id="18578223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18578223" title="Basketball at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Women's team rosters">
Basketball at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Women's team rosters

This is a list of the players who are on the rosters of the given teams who are participating in the 2008 Beijing Olympics for Women's Basketball.

</doc>
<doc id="18578225" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18578225" title="Tulucești">
Tulucești

Tuluceşti is a commune in Galați County, Romania with a population of 7,444 people. It is composed of three villages: Şiviţa, Tătarca and Tuluceşti.

</doc>
<doc id="18578229" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18578229" title="Umbrărești">
Umbrărești

Umbrăreşti is a commune in Galați County, Romania with a population of 7,060 people. It is composed of six villages: Condrea, Salcia, Siliştea, Torceşti, Umbrăreşti and Umbrăreşti-Deal (called "Generalul Eremia Grigorescu" from its establishment in 1933 until 1950, then "Vasile Roaită" under the Communist regime and until 1996).

</doc>
<doc id="18578235" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18578235" title="Hurrikaani Loimaa">
Hurrikaani Loimaa

Hurrikaani Loimaa is a Finnish volleyball team, located in Loimaa. Club play in highest level in Finland on volleyball, SM-league. 
History.
Hurrikaani Loimaa rise to Finland volleyball league season 2007. Club won 1. division and continue to SM-league. First season in SM-league was success when the team advanced to play-off games. There the team lost to Pielaveden Sampo.

</doc>
<doc id="18578237" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18578237" title="Valea Mărului">
Valea Mărului

Valea Mărului is a commune in Galați County, Romania with a population of 3,818 people. It is composed of two villages, Mândreşti and Valea Mărului.

</doc>
<doc id="18578238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18578238" title="Sõmeri">
Sõmeri

Sõmeri is an uninhabited island belonging to the country of Estonia.
The island has an area of 41.3 ha.

</doc>
<doc id="18578241" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18578241" title="Vânători, Galați">
Vânători, Galați

Vânători is a commune in Galați County, Romania with a population of 4,172 people. It is composed of three villages: Costi, Odaia Manolache and Vânători.

</doc>
<doc id="18578245" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18578245" title="Vârlezi">
Vârlezi

Vârlezi is a commune in Galați County, Romania with a population of 2,204 people, mostly Orthodox. It is composed of two villages, Crăieşti and Vârlezi.

</doc>
<doc id="18578248" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18578248" title="Vlădești, Galați">
Vlădești, Galați

Vlădeşti is a commune in Galați County, Romania with a population of 2,211 people. It is composed of two villages, Brăneşti and Vlădeşti.

</doc>
<doc id="18578250" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18578250" title="Parachute mine">
Parachute mine

A parachute mine is a naval mine dropped from an aircraft by parachute. They were mostly used in World War II by the Luftwaffe and initially by the Royal Air Force (RAF) Bomber Command.
Frequently, they were dropped on land targets.
Blast effects.
These mines were attached to parachutes to act as blast bombs; when detonated at roof level rather than on impact the aerodynamic effects of their blast were maximised. Instead of the shock waves from the explosion being cushioned by surrounding buildings, they could reach a wider area, with the potential to destroy a whole street of houses in a radius, with windows being blown in up to a mile away.
History.
Luftwaffe.
During World War 2, the Luftwaffe used a number of different kinds of parachute mine. The Luftmine A (LMA) and Luftmine B (LMB) weighed and respectively. The LMA was in length and the LMB .
After the parachute opened, the mine would descend at around . If it came down on land, a clockwork mechanism would detonate the mine 25 seconds after impact. If the mine landed in water it would sink to the bottom. If the depth was greater than , water pressure and the dissolving of a water–soluble plug would deactivate the clockwork time-detonator, and activate an anti-shipping detonator. These were initially magnetic detonators but later, acoustic or magnetic/acoustic detonators could be fitted.
The Luftwaffe began dropping these mines in British waters in November 1939, using Heinkel He 115 seaplanes and Heinkel He 111 land–based bombers. They were first used against land targets on 16 September 1940 in the early stages of the Blitz.
The Luftwaffe also used the Bombenmine (BM 1000, Monika, or G Mine). This was fitted with a tail made from Bakelite which broke up on impact. It had a photoelectric cell beneath a cover which detonated the bomb if exposed to light to counteract the work of bomb disposal units.
RAF.
The RAF initially used naval mines, but replaced them with purpose-made Blockbuster bombs, which were produced in various sizes up to .

</doc>
<doc id="18578265" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18578265" title="Tsunoi Station">
Tsunoi Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR West

</doc>
<doc id="18578276" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18578276" title="Higashi-Kōge Station">
Higashi-Kōge Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR West

</doc>
<doc id="18578282" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18578282" title="Members of the South Australian House of Assembly, 1970–1973">
Members of the South Australian House of Assembly, 1970–1973

This is a list of members of the South Australian House of Assembly from 1970 to 1973, as elected at the 1970 state election:

</doc>
<doc id="18578287" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18578287" title="20th General Assembly of Nova Scotia">
20th General Assembly of Nova Scotia

The 20th General Assembly of Nova Scotia represented Nova Scotia between 1855 and 1859.
The assembly sat at the pleasure of the Governor of Nova Scotia, John Le Marchant. George Augustus Constantine Phipps became governor in 1858.
Stewart Campbell was chosen as speaker for the house.
List of Members.
Notes:

</doc>
<doc id="18578295" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18578295" title="Kōge Station">
Kōge Station

Lines.
Kōge Station is served by the JR West Inbi Line and the 19.2 km Wakasa Railway Wakasa Line to .
History.
The station opened on 20 January 1930.

</doc>
<doc id="18578296" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18578296" title="Juan Bautista">
Juan Bautista

Juan Bautista (born in Mexico, 1555; date of death unknown, but probably between 1606 and 1615) was a Mexican Franciscan theologian and writer.
Life.
He joined the Franciscans in his native city, and taught theology and metaphysics at the convent of St. Francis of Mexico. He was also a definitor of the province, and became Guardian of Tezcuco twice (1595 and 1606), of Tlatelolco (1600), and of Tacuba in 1605.
Works.
A number of his works are known by title only. Ten of these were written in the Nahuatl language, previous to 1607; several were printed at Mexico. He learned Nahuatl after joining the Franciscans.

</doc>
<doc id="18578311" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18578311" title="Starlight Sequence">
Starlight Sequence

The Starlight Sequence is a showstopper from Andrew Lloyd Webber's Starlight Express. It is performed by Rusty, a young, naive Steam Locomotive and the Starlight Express, a magical Steam Locomotive that comes at midnight to help Steam Locomotioves in need. Rusty, who wants to compete in the world championship railway races, has lost self belief because Greaseball and Electra have been taunting him, and his coach, Pearl has dumped him for faster locomotives. In this number, the Starlight Express, sent by Rusty's father, Poppa, has come to tell Rusty that true power comes from within.
Music.
The music was composed by Andrew Lloyd Webber, and is in the key of E major. It is a highly thematic number, starting with Rusty alone. The tune to Rusty's number, Starlight Express plays. Then, as the Starlight Express, joins, he sings the tune of Only You, a theme not yet heard at this point. He gives Rusty his message through the verse. Rusty then comes back with the Starlight Express theme, to say he doesn't understand. The Starlight Express continues the theme Rusty is singing to explain. Rusty, realising what he is being told, joins the Starlight in the Only You theme, later used by Pearl when she realises that she loves Rusty.
Lyrics.
Lyrics are by Richard Stilgoe.
The original title for the number was 'I am the Starlight'.
Choreography/Blocking.
Broadway/London.
It starts with Rusty, sat alone, centre stage. He would call out the words 'Starlight Express', and he would stand, as the Starlight came to stand behind him. The Starlight Express would be played by the actor who played Poppa, and so he would come on in that costume. Rusty, however, would never turn to see him, and would always be looking up, perhaps based on the idea of a Shoulder Angel. When they both sang the 'Only You' theme, Rusty would go onto his knees, and the Starlight take his hands and raises them above him. The Starlight skates away, leaving Rusty feeling powerful.
Bochum.
It starts with Rusty, sat alone, centre stage. He would call out the words 'Starlight Express'. The Starlight Express, again played by the actor who played Poppa, would not come on, but speak from offstage. When they both sang the 'Only You' theme, Rusty stands and raises his hands above him. He would pick up his helmet at the end.
US/UK tours.
It starts with Rusty, sat alone, centre stage. He would call out the words 'Starlight Express'. The Starlight Express, would sing as an OV, rather than appearing onstage. This time, however, "Rusty" can see the Starlight, rather than the audience, and looks directly above them, to a light shining down on him, with 'stars' shining all around. When they both sing the 'Only You' theme, Rusty is lifted into the air amongst the stars, coming down to pick up his helmet at the end.

</doc>
<doc id="18578320" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18578320" title="Alphington Halt railway station">
Alphington Halt railway station

Alphington Halt railway station was a small station on the Teign Valley Line, which operated in the South West England county of Devon, diverging from the Great Western Main Line at Exeter. The branch opened in 1882 and closed in 1961.
History.
Alphington Halt had a 100ft long wooden platform with a flat roofed corrugated shelter located on the eastern side of the single track line with no sidings or passing loop.
Opened by the Great Western Railway, it stayed part of that railway company during the Grouping of 1923. The station then passed on to the Western Region of British Railways on nationalisation in 1948.
The station was then closed in June 1958 by the British Transport Commission.
The site today.
All that remains in the area of the Halt are the stone foundations of the bridge that once carried the line over Church Road, and the railway embankment which can be followed as far as the end of Ide Lane, where is was destroyed by the building of the A30 dual carriageway. The trackbed re-emerges west of the site of Ide station a little further down the line.
The site has been developed as residential property, modishly called "the halt at alphington".

</doc>
<doc id="18578325" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18578325" title="Kawahara Station">
Kawahara Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR West

</doc>
<doc id="18578329" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18578329" title="Jimmy Mills">
Jimmy Mills

Jimmy Mills (born July 1, 1894 in Dundee, Scotland; died October 8, 1990 in Sebring, Florida) was a Scottish-American soccer wing half and coach. He gained his greatest fame as a coach, taking his teams to five league, three league cup titles and two McGuire Cup titles In 1956, he coached the U.S. Olympic soccer team at the 1956 Summer Olympics. He is a member of the National Soccer Hall of Fame.
Player.
Born in Dundee, Mills moved first to Paisley then to Bridgeton, Glasgow as a young boy. He began his career with St. Clemens in the Churches League. In 1909, he began playing in the Scottish Junior Football Association with Shettleston F.C., Vale of Clyde F.C. and Kirkintilloch Rob Roy. He then moved to Bathgate F.C. when he was seventeen. He also spent time with Clyde F.C. before transferring to Canada in 1920 where he joined the Toronto Caledonians of the National League. In 1923, he moved to the United States, but does not show up on a professional roster until the 1924-1925 season when he played twenty-two games for the Philadelphia Field Club of the American Soccer League. He saw time in only four games at the start of the1925-1926 season before moving to Fairhill F.C. of the Allied League of Philadelphia. Mills would continue to play for Fairhill until 1935.
Coach.
When Mills joined Fairhill F.C. in 1925, he became the team’s coach as well as a player. Over the next sixty years, Mills forged a legendary coaching reputation as he led multiple teams at the collegiate, amateur, professional and national levels. While Mills continued to coach and play for Fairhill until 1953, he also became a college coach when he replaced David Gould as the head coach at the University of Pennsylvania in 1938. He spent only one season at Penn before becoming the head coach of the boy’s team at The Episcopal Academy. He coached the boys for the next twelve years. In 1942, Fairhill F.C. purchased the professional Philadelphia Nationals of the American Soccer League and elevated Mills to head coach. A traditionally poorly performing team, the Nationals suffered under several poor seasons before Mills slowly built them into the league’s dominant team. Beginning in 1948, Mills’ led the Nationals to a string of league (1949, 1950, 1951 and 1953 ) and Lewis Cup (1949, 1951 and 1952) titles. In 1953, Brookhattan hired Mills. He spent two seasons with the team before returning to Philadelphia in 1956 when Uhrik Truckers hired Mills. He promptly took them to the league championship. By that time, Mills had established himself at the collegiate level. His year at Penn and his work at the Episcopal Academy brought him to the attention of Haverford College which hired him in 1949. He remained in that position until 1970, coaching every season except 1956 when he headed the U.S. Olympic soccer team. Mills compiled a 126-94-21 record in his twenty seasons with Haverford which continues to host an annual Jimmy Mills Soccer Tournament. During many of his years with Haverford, Mills held practice only after working all day repairing looms at a Philadelphia carpet mill. In 1974, he became an assistant coach at Girard College before moving up to the head coach position in 1981. In 1983, a heart attack ended his coaching career at the age of 88. Mills also spent twenty years as the coach of the Lighthouse Boys Club, taking the team to twenty consecutive city championships as well as the 1957 and 1967 U.S. U-19 championships (McGuire Cup).
Olympic team.
In 1956, Mills coached the U.S. Olympic soccer team at the 1956 Summer Olympics. While the team lost to Yugoslavia, 9-1, in the first round, it had a successful pre-tournament tour of Asia. Playing a mix of national and club teams, the U.S. went 5-3 on the tour.
Honors.
Mills was inducted into the National Soccer Hall of Fame in 1954 and the NSCAA Hall of Fame in 1991. In 1981, he was also honored with the Eastern Pennsylvania Youth Soccer Association’s Service to Youth Award.

</doc>
<doc id="18578330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18578330" title="Kunifusa Station">
Kunifusa Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR West

</doc>
<doc id="18578333" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18578333" title="Takagari Station">
Takagari Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR West

</doc>
<doc id="18578336" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18578336" title="Four Minutes (film)">
Four Minutes (film)

Four Minutes (), is a 2006 drama film directed by Chris Kraus starring Monica Bleibtreu, Hannah Herzsprung, Sven Pippig, and Richy Müller.
Plot.
Traude Krueger (Bleibtreu) is working as a piano teacher in a women's prison. While selecting new students, she meets Jenny Von Loeben (Herzsprung). When she tells her she can't take any lessons because her hands are too rough and she is uncooperative, Jenny becomes enraged and almost kills the prison guard, Mütze (Pippig), also one of Krueger's students. Then she starts playing the piano. Krueger listens from the hallway and, impressed by her talent, later offers Jenny lessons, but requires absolute obedience, including eating a sheet of paper. She tells Jenny never to play 'that kind of negro-music' again.
Jenny's adoptive father wanted to turn her into a Mozart-like child prodigy when she was young, but when she resisted going to further contests, he molested her. Krueger plans to have her compete again. While practicing, some inmates become jealous of Jenny, who doesn't seem to get punished for beating up the guard. Some of the prison personnel oppose giving her the freedom to play the piano. However, the prison director wants positive media attention for his prison.
Jenny reaches the finals of a piano competition for players of 21 and under. Mütze transfers her to the cell of her rival inmates. They strap her hands to the bed with some cloth and set them on fire. Jenny severely wounds one of the culprits, and she is forbidden to enter the competition. Krueger learns that Mütze deliberately set up the conflict and she confronts him. Krueger resigns, and takes her piano. Mütze aids Jenny escaping from prison with the piano so she can play at the competition.
Jenny learns that Kruger has had contact with her adoptive father. Thinking he arranged all of it, and that Krueger was just being bribed into teaching her, she rages violently. Krueger tells her about her own past, how she lost her great love, another woman, during the second world war, because she was a communist, and how she also taught her to play the piano.
Krueger convinces Jenny to play at the competition where, because the police have come to take her back to jail, she has only four minutes to convince the crowd. She diverts from the original plan of playing a piece by Schumann, and plays a unique piece of her beloved "negro-music", including percussion, foot-stomping and reaching under the lid to pound the strings. When she is finished, the crowd erupts in a standing ovation.
Awards.
2006 
2007

</doc>
<doc id="18578342" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18578342" title="Mochigase Station">
Mochigase Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR West

</doc>
<doc id="18578345" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18578345" title="Don FM">
Don FM

Don FM was an influential London pirate radio station, which along with a handful of other stations, critical in the development of breakbeat hardcore, jungle and drum and bass music. It first broadcast in November 1992 on the frequency of 105.7FM from a tower block in Wandsworth. On the 28th March 1994, it ceased broadcasting to apply for a temporary Restricted Service License. It achieved this and transmitted legally for 4 weeks from 28 August 1994 on 100.5FM to London, and remains the only pirate radio station of its genre to have done so. Don FM Ltd was incorporated on 17 June 1994 and had its registered office at 13 Bowerdean St, Fulham. Don FM returned as a pirate on the frequency of 107.9FM from early 1995 until April 1997. It was briefly revived in 2007 in conjunction with their offshoot Flex. 
Don FM has produced a number of today's highly respected jungle, drum and bass and garage DJs, MCs and artists, such as DJ Trace, Ed Rush, Matt Cantor of The Freestylers, Mark Force of Bugz in the Attic, DJ Dee Kline, Hyperactive, G-Force, and Stevie A.

</doc>
<doc id="18578346" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18578346" title="Menios Sakellaropoulos">
Menios Sakellaropoulos

Menios Sakellaropoulos is a Greek journalist and novelist.
Career.
Menios has worked in journalism since the summer of 1979 when he began to write a column for the athletic daily, Fos, while still a high school student. He studied at the Thrace Law School, but left to pursue a different path as a journalist and writer.
He did his apprenticeship at the Athens dailies Vradini, Ethnos, Athlitiki, Sportime and Derby. He then also began to work for television at the state channels ERA and Sport FM. Since 1992 he has been working for Mega channel. He is a member of the Journalists’ Union and the Pan-Hellenic Athletic Press Association.
Works.
His novels are published by Livani Publishing Organization, plus a special diary publication called The Olympic Games: History and Legend.

</doc>
<doc id="18578350" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18578350" title="Inaba-Yashiro Station">
Inaba-Yashiro Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR West

</doc>
<doc id="18578356" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18578356" title="Stef and Jim">
Stef and Jim

SteF and JiM (SteF et JiM) are a French comic duo consisting of Anglio Stéphane (born October 17, 1977, Albi, France) and Pagneux Jimmy (born May 3, 1976, Castres, France).
The artists combine comedy, music, dance, and Human Beatboxing into a modern cabaret format.
SteF and JiM on stage.
SteF and JiM have toured in France and several European countries including Spain, Portugal, Italy, and Germany.
They created their first show, "SteF and JiM on Stage", which opened for Canadian performer Anthony Kavanagh. They worked on stage with the fmous French singer Matthieu Chedid. They won the "Show of the Year" award from the "Salon des artistes" at Bordeaux in 2007 AND 2009.
On TV.
The pair have had some of their sketches, as "The DJ", "The World Tour", and "The Cartoon", shown in Europe on TF1 and M6.
Moulin Rouge.
Since March 2007, Stéphane Anglio and Jimmy Pagneux have been appearing at "Le Moulin Rouge" in Paris. They continue to work for cruises, casinos, and theaters in Europe.

</doc>
<doc id="18578364" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18578364" title="Haji Station">
Haji Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR West

</doc>
<doc id="18578371" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18578371" title="Nagi Station">
Nagi Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR West

</doc>
<doc id="18578378" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18578378" title="José de Carabantes">
José de Carabantes

José de Carabantes (Caravantes) (born in Aragon, in 1628; died in 1694) was a Spanish Capuchin theologian. He worked for the evangelization of the Native Americans in Spanish America. 
Works.
He wrote a work entitled "Ars addicendi atque docendi idiomata", and likewise a "Lexicon, seu vocabularium verborum, adverbiorum, etc.", for the use of missionaries (Madrid, 1678). 

</doc>
<doc id="18578385" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18578385" title="Mimasaka-Kawai Station">
Mimasaka-Kawai Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR West

</doc>
<doc id="18578394" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18578394" title="Kim Andersen">
Kim Andersen

Kim Andersen may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18578400" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18578400" title="Live at Topanga Corral">
Live at Topanga Corral

Live at Topanga Corral is a 1971 live album by Canned Heat. The album is taken from a 1969 concert at the Kaleidoscope in Hollywood, California and not at the Topanga Corral as the title suggests. Canned Heat was under contract to Liberty Records at the time and Liberty did not want to do a live album, so manager Skip Taylor told Liberty that the album had been recorded in 1966 & 1967 at the Topanga Corral and released the record with Wand Records to avoid legal complications. The record has been bootlegged and reissued countless times, and is also known as "Live at the Kaleidoscope".

</doc>
<doc id="18578401" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18578401" title="Chiwa Station">
Chiwa Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR West

</doc>
<doc id="18578412" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18578412" title="Mimasaka-Kamo Station">
Mimasaka-Kamo Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR West

</doc>
<doc id="18578421" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18578421" title="Miura Station">
Miura Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR West

</doc>
<doc id="18578429" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18578429" title="An injury to one is an injury to all">
An injury to one is an injury to all

An injury to one is an injury to all is a motto popularly used by 
the Industrial Workers of the World. In his autobiography, Bill Haywood credited David C. Coates with suggesting a labor slogan for the IWW: 
"an injury to one is an injury to all". The slogan has since been used by a number of labor 
organizations. The slogan reflects the fact that the IWW is "One Big Union" and organizes skilled and unskilled 
workers. Despite the reduced number of organized workers today, the 
slogan is still popular with unions and other organizations.
Origin.
The expression is similar to, and may be derived from, a slogan 
popularized in the prior quarter century by the Knights of Labor, 
"that is the best government in which an injury to one is the concern of all".

</doc>
<doc id="18578441" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18578441" title="Mimasaka-Takio Station">
Mimasaka-Takio Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR West

</doc>
<doc id="18578445" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18578445" title="Katakokombe">
Katakokombe

Katakokombe is a region of the Kasai region of what was formerly known as the Belgian Congo, now the Democratic Republic of Congo. It is the homeland of the Tetela people. After the independence of Congo in June 1960, it seceded for a while under influence of Belgium and became an independent kingdom. After the imprisonment and assassination of Prime Minister Patrice Lumumba, the Kasai province, and therefore Katakokombe, came back to Congo.

</doc>
<doc id="18578448" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18578448" title="Wainganga College of Engineering and Management,Nagpur">
Wainganga College of Engineering and Management,Nagpur

Wainganga College of Engineering and Management, Dongargaon, Wardha Road, Nagpur was established in 2008.
Location.
College campus is about away from Zero milestone in the heart of Nagpur City. It is in between Mihan and one of Asia’s largest industrial areas - Butibori. It is in the metropolitan area, about from the newly built VCA ground, on Wardha road. The college is . from NH 7 (Nagpur-Wardha Road) and attached to Gumgaon Railway Station.
About.
Wainganga Bahu-Uddeshiya Vikas Sanstha was established and registered in 1990. The college is approved by AICTE (All India Council for Technical Education) and the government of Maharashtra and is affiliated to Rashtrasant Tukadoji Maharaj Nagpur University, Nagpur. The college has laboratories, library, internet facility, workshop and conveyance services.
Departments.
Undergraduate programme (Bachelor of Engineering) (total intake: 480)
Postgraduate programme (MBA) (Total intake: 60)
Postgraduate programme (M. Tech.)(total intake:96)
Diploma programme (polytechnich)(Total seats:120)
About the society.
Wainganga Bahu-uddeshiya Vikas Sanstha was established in 1991, headed by Dr. Brahmanand Karanjekar. It now runs 15 school/colleges. The society is engaged in social activities such as Sahitya Sammelan, Social Service Camps, Sports, Seminars, Conferences, Health Camps, N.S.S. Camps etc.
Over the years there are merit students in Pharmacy, Physical Education and Arts College. The Champion trophy in Sports and cultural activities has been won by D. Ed. Students.

</doc>
<doc id="18578449" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18578449" title="Maleisië Nieuws">
Maleisië Nieuws

Maleisië Nieuws is a news aggregator that collects and distributes Dutch news articles on Malaysia. The site is maintained from the city of Seri Kembangan near Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia.
Overview and history.
Part of Maleisie.be, originally formed in 2001, "Maleisië Nieuws" has been active since 2007. Privately owned and independent, it is the first news source on Malaysia in the Dutch language published from within Malaysia.
"Maleisië Nieuws" maintains a free accessible archive containing thousands of articles from 1992 to the present.

</doc>
<doc id="18578454" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18578454" title="Guido Ascanio Sforza di Santa Fiora">
Guido Ascanio Sforza di Santa Fiora

Guido Ascanio Sforza di Santa Fiora (26 November 1518 — 6 October 1564) was an Italian cardinal, known also as "The cardinal of Santa Fiora".
Born in Rome, he was the son of Costanza Farnese and therefore grandson of Pope Paul III, brother of Cardinal Alessandro Sforza (1565), uncle of Cardinal Francesco Sforza and great-uncle of Cardinal Federico Sforza (1645). During his time as a cardinal he served as legate as well as administrator of different towns and episcopal sees.
His ecclesiastical career started very early with his selection as Bishop of "Montefiascone e Corneto", nowadays Diocese of Viterbo, Acquapendente, Bagnoregio, Montefiascone, Tuscania e San Martino al Monte Cimino on 12 November 1528 when he was not quite ten years of age. He resigned on 4 June 1548.
He was created a cardinal deacon in the consistory of 18 December 1534 by Pope Paul III with the Deaconry of Santi Vito, Modesto e Crescenzia. Later he was appointed Camerlengo of the Holy Roman Church on 22 October 1537, a position he held until his death. He was opted for the Deaconry of Santa Maria in Cosmedin on 31 May 1540, for the Deaconry of Sant'Eustachio on 10 December 1540 and finally for the Deaconry of Santa Maria in Via Lata on 9 March 1552. He participated in the two papal conclaves of 1555 (the one in April which elected Marcellus II and that in May which chose Paul IV) as well as the conclave held in December 1559, which resulted in the election of Pius IV who re-convoked the Council of Trent.
Guido Ascanio Sforza died on 6 October 1564 of fever in Mantua. His body was transferred to Rome and buried in his family's chapel in the patriarchal Liberian basilica.

</doc>
<doc id="18578455" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18578455" title="Takano Station">
Takano Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR West

</doc>
<doc id="18578474" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18578474" title="Hōkaiin Station">
Hōkaiin Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR West

</doc>
<doc id="18578475" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18578475" title="Terrible Triangle">
Terrible Triangle

Terrible Triangle was a term used by Pope Pius XI for the simultaneous persecution of Christians in general and the Catholic Church in particular in three countries: the Soviet Union, Mexico and Spain. These events are said to have influenced his position on Communism throughout his pontificate. Pope Pius XI labeled the failure to protest and react in Europe and the United States a "conspiracy of silence". 
Soviet Union.
Pius XI was horrified by Communist persecution of Christians in the Soviet Union, but he mandated Berlin Nuncio Eugenio Pacelli to work secretly on diplomatic arrangements between the Vatican and the Soviet Union. Pacelli in the name of the pope negotiated food shipments for Russia, where the Church was persecuted. He met with Soviet representatives including Foreign Minister Georgi Chicherin, who rejected any kind of religious education, the ordination of priests and bishops, but offered agreements without the points vital to the Vatican. Despite Vatican pessimism and a lack of visible progress, Pacelli continued the secret negotiations until Pius XI ordered them to be discontinued in 1927 because they generated no results and were dangerous to the Church if made public.
The harsh persecution, just short of total annihilation, of clergy, monks, and nuns and other people associated with the Church, continued well into the thirties. In addition to executing and exiling many clerics, monks and laymen, confiscation of Church implements "for victims of famine" and closure of churches were common. Yet according to an official report based on the census of 1936, some 55% of Soviet citizens identified themselves openly as religious, while others possibly concealed their belief. In 1937 the Pope issued the encyclical Divini Redemptoris, which was a condemnation of Communism and the Soviet regime. He did name a French Jesuit to go to the USSR and consecrate in secret Roman Catholic bishops. This was a failure, as most of them ended up in gulags or were otherwise killed by the communist regime.
Mexico.
During the pontificate of Pius XI, the Catholic Church was subjected to extreme persecutions in Mexico, which resulted in the death of over 5,000 priests, bishops and religious. In the state of Tabasco the Church was in effect outlawed altogether. The Cristero War broke out against the Mexican government in 1926, forcing some concessions for Catholics from the government in 1929. In his encyclical "Iniquis Afflictisque" from 18 November 1926, Pope Pius protested against the slaughter and persecution. The United States of America intervened in 1929 and moderated an agreement. The persecutions resumed in 1931. Pius XI condemned the Mexican government again in his 1932 encyclical "Acerba Animi". Problems continued with reduced hostilities until 1940, when in the new pontificate of Pope Pius XII President Manuel Ávila Camacho returned the Mexican churches to the Catholic Church.
One symbol of the massive Church persecution was Miguel Agustín Pro Juárez, S.J. (13 January 1891 – 23 November 1927), a Mexican Catholic Jesuit priest. He was executed during the persecution of the Catholic Church under the presidency of Plutarco Elías Calles after trumped up charges of involvement in an assassination attempt against former President Álvaro Obregón. Fr. Pro was beatified by John Paul II as a martyr on 25 September 1988. On 21 May 2000, Pope John Paul II canonized a group of 25 saints and martyrs arising from the Cristero War.
The vast majority are Catholic priests who were executed for carrying out their ministry despite the suppression under the anti-clerical laws of Plutarco Elías Calles. Priests who took up arms, however, were excluded from the process. The group of saints share the feast day 25 May.
The Power and the Glory (1940) is a fictionalized contemporary account by British author Graham Greene that gives a nuanced account of a priest on the run.
Spain.
The Republican government which had come to power in Spain in 1931 was strongly anti-clerical, secularizing education, prohibiting religious education in the schools, and expelling the Jesuits from the country. On Pentecost 1932, Pope Pius XI protested against these measures and demanded restitution. He asked the Catholics of Spain to fight with all legal means against the injustices. Eventually, Catholic resistance coalesced behind Francisco Franco in the Spanish Civil War, which was won by the Catholic side shortly after Pius' death.

</doc>
<doc id="18578490" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18578490" title="Bizen-Hara Station">
Bizen-Hara Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR West

</doc>
<doc id="18578492" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18578492" title="Newsround Showbiz">
Newsround Showbiz

Originally named Newsround Lite, the show bought you up to date with all you needed to know about the showbiz world. It was presented by either Newsround presenters, Adam, Lizzie, Thalia or Rachel. It aired between 2002 and 2005. It was discontinued due to poor ratings.
The Show.
Originally called "Newsround Lite", "Newsround Showbiz" ran from 2001 to 2005. It started as a daily programme and then moved to Saturdays and Sundays. It was hosted by Lizzie, Adam, Rachel or Thalia who were regular "Newsround" presenters and produced by Sinead Rocks. The show contained entertainment news and gossip and generally took a lighthearted view of the world of celebrity.
Airtime.
First the show "Newsround Lite" aired weekdays at 6:25pm on the CBBC Channel. But due to a lack of stories and not enough viewers it moved to Weekends at 3:50pm and it relaunched as "Newsround Showbiz".

</doc>
<doc id="18578496" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18578496" title="Mastan Ensemble">
Mastan Ensemble

The Mastān Ensemble (Persian: گروه مستان - "Gorouh-e Mastān") is an Iranian musical group performing traditional Persian music.
History.
The group was founded as Hafez Ensemble in 2005 by Sa'id Jafarzādeh Homāy (سعيد جعفرزاده هماي), also known as Parvāz Homāy (پرواز همای) and Homāy Foomani. The group's performance follows a Persian tradition of music making known as "Chāmeh Sarā'i" (چامه سرایی) according to which one person is in charge of writing the poems, composing the musics, arranging the instruments as well as singing the songs. The instruments employed by this Ensemble include Daf, Dayereh, Kamāncheh, Lute, Reed, Robab, Santour, Tār and Tonbak. The "Mastān Ensemble" derive their inspirations from such Sufi poets as Farid ad-Din Attar, Hafez and Rumi. The performances of this Ensemble are emotionally intense and the thoughts and meanings conveyed by their musics and songs are both philosophical and contemplative.
Mastan played their debut U.S. performance at Walt Disney Concert Hall in 2008. beside United States they also toured in Europe and Canada. 
Members of the Ensemble.
Former musicians:
External links.
Official web page of Homay & The Mastan ensemble

</doc>
<doc id="18578498" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18578498" title="Euroscience">
Euroscience

Euroscience (the founding organisation of ESOF, EuroScience Open Forum) is a pan-European grassroots organisation for the support and promotion of science and technology in Europe. The membership of Euroscience consists of individuals interested in constructing a scientific Europe. Its members include anyone interested in European research, whether professional scientists, policy-makers, industries or members of the public.
Euroscience represents European scientists of all disciplines (natural sciences, mathematics, medical sciences, engineering, social sciences, humanities and the arts), institutions of the public sector, universities, research institutes as well as the business and industry sector.
Euroscience is open to research professionals, science administrators, policy-makers, teachers, PhD students, post-docs, engineers, industrialists, and generally to any citizen interested in science and technology and its links with society.
Euroscience organises meetings of all sizes at the international level or at regional levels; publish position papers; and use the Internet to discuss science within a public agenda.
Aims.
Euroscience was founded in 1997 by members of Europe's research community to:
EuroScience Open Forum.
Euroscience organises the "EuroScience Open Forum" (ESOF) which brings together stakeholders involved in European science: scientists, business executives and policy-makers. The ESOF is held every two years and is hosted by a European city.

</doc>
<doc id="18578499" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18578499" title="Tamagashi Station">
Tamagashi Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR West

</doc>
<doc id="18578504" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18578504" title="Table for Five">
Table for Five

Table for Five is a 1983 American theatrical dramatic film, starring Jon Voight and Richard Crenna.
Plot.
J.P. Tannen (Voight) is a former professional golfer residing in California. He is estranged from his three children, who live in New York with their mother Kathleen (Millie Perkins) and stepfather, attorney Mitchell (Crenna). In an effort to re-enter their lives, Tannen decides to take them on a Mediterranean cruise. Tannen, who still has feelings for Kathleen, wants her to believe he's a changed man, but she's not convinced.
On the cruise, Tannen is distracted by the prospect of picking up women, including French archaeologist Marie (Marie-Christine Barrault), often leaving the kids to fend for themselves for entertainment. He reserves a table for five in the dining room, secretly expecting to find an adult female companion for the fifth chair. 
Youngest son Truman-Paul (Robby Kiger) has a learning disability, which Tannen impatiently pushes him to overcome. Adopted oldest son Trung (Son Hoang Bui) is caught stealing food from the ship's galley and trying to order drinks with a phony ID. Their sister Tilde (Roxana Zal) is a sensible and sensitive girl, but much too young to act as a parental influence to the boys. 
Tannen begins to feel he can't function as a traditional father, so he suggests that the kids think of him as a "friend," even calling him "J.P." The trip temporarily gets back on track with the ship's first port-of-call, Rome. The family has fun together and Marie is impressed by what she witnesses of Tannen as a caring parent. 
But while en route to their next stop, Athens, Tannen receives devastating news. Kathleen has been killed in a car accident in New York while taking the family dog to the vet. Grief-stricken, he is met in Athens by the children's stepfather, Mitchell, who explains that he went ahead and buried Kathleen, then flew to Europe to escort the children home, where a memorial service would later be held.
Tannen insists on telling the kids himself, demanding more time. Mitchell tries to talk him out of this, but ultimately agrees to leave the kids with their father for a while longer.
The ship moves on to Cairo. With the kids sightseeing, Tannen meets with Mitchell again in a local tavern, to tell him that he has begun to consider pursuing full custody of the children. Their conversation escalates into a profanity-laced argument. Mitchell points out what an absentee parent Tannen has been, not even knowing the names of his children's friends or teachers. He hints at knowledge of Tannen's unsuccessful business dealings and vows to use his capacity as a lawyer to ruin him. 
Tannen confesses to Marie the truth about how little time he actually has given his kids over the years. Marie joins the family on a trip to the Pyramids. It is there that Tannen finally breaks down and informs the kids that their mother has died. The children are devastated.
At the next stop, Tunis, Trung runs away. He takes the first launch to shore, with the intention to work his way back to the U.S. Tilde tells her father that Trung has a history of running away, yet another fact he didn't know. They discover him in a marketplace and catch up to him after a chase. Tannen forces the boy to open up to him, whereupon Trung tells him angrily that he needs Tannen as a father, not a "friend."
Mitchell is waiting in Genoa, prepared to take the kids back to the United States and their home. As gently as he knows how, Tannen informs Mitchell that he is keeping them. He then rattles off a list of the kids' friends and teachers, showing Mitchell that he is determined to be more in tune with their lives.
Production/Reviews.
The film uses location shooting extensively. For the cruise scenes, producers chose the S.S. Vistafjord (now with the Saga Cruise Line), which at the time was considered the biggest cruise ship in the Western Hemisphere. Many scenes were shot at sea during an actual voyage. Others were shot on location in Rome, Athens, and at the Giza pyramids.
The film opened in the United States on February 19, 1983.
Kevin Costner has a small role as a passenger on the ship, a newlywed.

</doc>
<doc id="18578506" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18578506" title="Makiyama Station">
Makiyama Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR West

</doc>
<doc id="18578508" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18578508" title="Fortunatus Hueber">
Fortunatus Hueber

Fortunatus Hueber (21 November 1639, Neustadt an der Donau - 12 February 1706, Munich) was a German Franciscan historian and theologian.
Life.
He entered the Bavarian province of the Franciscan Reformati on 5 November 1654. He was general lector in theology; cathedral preacher in Freising from 1670 to 1676; then in 1677 Provincial of Bavaria. 
In 1679 he was definitor-general and chronologist of the order in Germany, and in 1698 was proclaimed ""scriptor ordinis". He was also confessor to the convent of the Poor Clares at Munich, called St. Jacob on the Anger. 
As commissary of the general of the order in 1675 and 1701 he visited the Bohemian province, and in 1695 the province of St. Salvator in Hungary. The Elector of Cologne appointed Hueber as his theologian.
Works.
He left over twenty works. The "Menologium Franciscanum" (Munich, 1698), lives of the beatified and saints of the Franciscan order, is arranged according to months and days. He also published a smaller work in German on the same subject, under the title "Stammenbuch ... und jährliches Gedächtniss aller Heiligen ... aus denen dreyen Ordens-Ständen ... S. Francisci" (Munich, 1693). 
His "Dreyfache Chronickh von dem dreyfachen Orden ... S. Francisci, so weith er sich in Ober- und Nider-Deutschland erstrecket" (Munich, 1686) is a source for the history of the Franciscans in Germany. 
Amongst his other works are: 
Written in the same style, but not printed, were:
"Quodlibetum Angelico-Historicum" (Augsburg, 1697), published in Latin and German, is a contribution dealing with the history of the cult of the angels.

</doc>
<doc id="18578513" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18578513" title="Nardi (carmaker)">
Nardi (carmaker)

Officine Nardi was an Italian automobile and racing car maker, named for their creator.
Enrico Nardi was a racing mechanic, engineer, and driver who got his start with Lancia. He test drove the first car built by Auto Avio Costruzione in Modena, where many ex-Lancia colleagues joined him.
In 1932, Nardi joined with Augusto Monaco to create the Nardi-Monaco "Chichibio". It used an air-cooled 998 cc 61 c JAP of , more than the 1750 cc (107 in3) Alfa Romeos of its competition, transversely mounted and coupled to a five-speed gearbox, but unusually, driving the front wheels. Weighing only
, it proved capable of . This was enough to win several Italian hillclimbs, including by Giulio Aymini in 1932.
Beginning in 1948, Nardi joined with and Renato Danese and established a workshop in "Via Vincenzo Lancia", Torino, building racing cars, prototypes, and small-series special designs.
The 750 Nardi-Danese.
The "750 Nardi-Danese" (or 750ND) was a tiny machine, assembled on a Fiat 500 chassis, powered by a 746 cc BMW flat twin motorcycle engine in the extreme nose with its cylinder heads (sometimes) exposed and a single headlight in the extreme nose. Despite the engine mounting, view over the nose was adequate, and unlike the "Chicibio", the rear wheels were driven. It used a multi-tube chassis and was available as a "monoposto" (one-seater, or GP type) or "due posti" (two-seater, sports racer, when fitted with cycle fenders).
Its competition, mostly superannuated MG Midgets were no match for it, though it faced more competition from Bandinis. The miniature marvel dominated circuit, hillclimb, and open road events. Nardi himself raced the "monoposto" in the "Coppa d'Oro delle Dolomiti" 'climb, winning in both 1947 and 1948. There were also three entered in the 1952 Targa Florio; all failed to finish. The 750ND remained competitive well into 1953, against the growing power of Ferrari and Maserati; at the Susa-Moncenisio 'climb, a 750ND was eighth, only 2% slower than the Ferrari of André Simon. It also made reputations for a couple of drivers, in particular later Lancia pilot Gino Valenzano.
1500 Sport.
For 1947, the Nardi-Danese 1500 Sport was built for Marco Crespi, coupling two 746 cc in series on an Auto Avio Costruzioni 815 chassis.
Around the same time, he traced the original Ferrari straight-eight castings, made in Bologna, and fitted them with 508 heads and an assortment of internal parts, to create a 1½ liter and a 2 liter car.
In 1948 and 1949, the company built Alfa Romeo 6C 2500 variations in two series.
Establishes workshop.
Nardi established his own workshop in the "Via Lancia" in 1951, focusing on prototypes and tuning equipment. Here, he designed or built several prototypes, including:
After the failure of the "bisulruo", Ufficine Nardi ceased work on car prototypes in the mid-1950s and turned to aftermarket such as manifolds, crankshafts, camshafts. It has become best known for the Nardi steering wheel, introduced in 1951 in
walnut, since but mostly using African mahogany. The Nardi wheel was first fitted to a 1952 Pegaso.
Death.
After Nardi's death in 1966, the "ufficine" was run by Barbero until 1969, then by Iseglio.
Sources.
Nardi-Personal Website

</doc>
<doc id="18578515" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18578515" title="SWEEPNIK">
SWEEPNIK

SWEEPNIK was a device designed by Otto Frisch that used a sweeping laser to follow bubble chamber tracks. It was later used to follow roads as an aid to the digitisation of maps.
There is a good description of SWEEPNIK at Cambridge Physics.

</doc>
<doc id="18578522" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18578522" title="Nonokuchi Station">
Nonokuchi Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR West

</doc>
<doc id="18578532" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18578532" title="Kanagawa Station (Okayama)">
Kanagawa Station (Okayama)

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR West

</doc>
<doc id="18578533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18578533" title="Gold (1934 film)">
Gold (1934 film)

Gold is a 1934 German science fiction film directed by Karl Hartl. The film involves a British scientist who is attempting to create a device that turns base materials into Gold. He later forces the German scientist's assistant Werner Holk (Hans Albers), who was working on a similar experiment, to come to his underwater nuclear reactor to help him.
"Gold" was made in both German-language and French-language films with Brigitte Helm reprising her role in both version of the film.
Plot.
In the United Kingdom, a British scientist is convinced that one can turn base materials into gold by using a giant underwater atomic reactor. A German scientist also works on a similar experiment but is killed by a mysterious explosion. His assistant Werner Holk (Hans Albers) is then taken in by the British scientist and forced to work on the project. The project eventually works but later malfunctions which leads to the British scientist to destroy his plant and all who remain in it. Holk manages to escape in the last minute with the alchemist's daughter Florence (Brigitte Helm) before a flood destroys the area.
Production.
Director Karl Hartl developed "Gold" after the international success of his previous science fiction film "Der Tunnel". "Gold" was the studio Universum Film AG's superproduction of that time and reportedly took 14 months to shoot. Actor Hans Albers sued the production asking for nearly double his salary but lost the case. During this production time, a French-language version of the film was also made which kept Brigitte Helm as the lead actress but changed many of the supporting characters roles.
Cast.
German-language version
French-language version
Release.
"Gold" premiered in Berlin at the Ufa-Palast am Zoo theater on March 29, 1934. The French-language version was shown on June 1, 1934. When the film was reviewed by the Allied Censorship boards after World War II, the viewers pondered whether German scientists had been able to build a nuclear reactor long before it was originally thought they did. Parts of the stock footage scenes in "Gold" were later used again in the 1953 American film "The Magnetic Monster".
Reception.
In 1934, the "New York Times" gave the film a positive review stating "So well is this mixture of pseudo science, love and near-love photographed that persons ignorant of German need have no fear of inability to follow the action of "Gold"" and "the audience is kept interested in the steps leading up to the dénouement, despite the inordinate length of the film."

</doc>
<doc id="18578539" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18578539" title="Takebe Station">
Takebe Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR West

</doc>
<doc id="18578549" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18578549" title="Fukuwatari Station">
Fukuwatari Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR West

</doc>
<doc id="18578560" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18578560" title="Eitan, Israel">
Eitan, Israel

Eitan (, "lit." Enduring) is a national-religious moshav in south-central Israel. Located in the southern Shephelah, it falls under the jurisdiction of Shafir Regional Council. In 2012 it had a population of 412.
The village was established in 1955 by immigrants from Tunisia. "Name Biblical "...Enduring (eitan) is your dwelling place ..." (Num 24:21)"

</doc>
<doc id="18578563" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18578563" title="Me Myself I (film)">
Me Myself I (film)

Me Myself I is a 2000 Australian comedy film. It was the first feature film by director Pip Karmel, and was released and reviewed internationally.
Plot.
Pamela Drury is single and works as a serious journalist. She spends her birthday alone and becomes lonely and reflects upon her life and the choices she made. In a box of photos of old boyfriends, she reflects upon why she broke up with one in particular, Robert Dickson, 13 years earlier. She also meets an interesting man, Ben and follows him home, only to see through his window that he is with his family and looks very happy. Shortly afterwards, she is hit by a car while crossing the street.
The woman who was driving the car is "also" Pamela, but is Pamela "Dickson"; she is from an alternate universe in which she married Robert 13 years earlier. Pamela Dickson takes Pamela Drury to the Dickson family home and the two of them talk in the kitchen. Suddenly, Pamela Dickson's kids come home and she disappears, leaving the unmarried Pamela Drury in a house she has never seen before with three children she does not know. The children assume she is their mother, although they do not quite recognize her sometimes.
She soon finds out that her alternate version Pamela Dickson lives in a dull marriage and writes lightweight articles for a mainstream ladies magazine, rather than being the serious reporter that Drury is. She meets Ben again, but in this time-line he was never married and still mourns the loss of the great love of his life, who was killed just before their graduation from college.
At first, Pamela Drury was pleased to be with Robert again after all these years apart, but she is soon unhappy and annoyed with married life, and quarrels with Robert. She embarks on an affair with Ben, not mentioning to him that she has a husband and kids (because she still doesn't think of herself as married or a mother). Ben visits her and learns the truth, and walks away angry and disappointed. Soon, Pamela Drury embraces having a family and falls for Robert again, and even stimulates him and enlivens her marriage. Then when Pamela Dickson is in a restaurant bathroom, Pamela Dickson shows up again, and the two women switch back to their former lives. Pamela Dickson had been living the life of single Pamela Drury and enjoyed it but ultimately missed her husband and kids so she came back. Pamela Drury is single once more and embraces her life with a new appreciation of all that being single and having a career has to offer. She learns that while she was gone, Pamela Dickson began dating Ben, who actually is divorced from the woman she saw through the window, the same woman who alternate-Ben had thought was his soul mate. Ultimately she sees that both lives are appealing and offer a lot to appreciate.
Reception.
Critical response.
The film was mainly seen in Australia, but was internationally distributed and widely reviewed. Roger Ebert and other critics have emphasized Rachel Griffiths' performance in the lead, but Andrew Sarris noted in "The New York Observer", "In any event, Ms. Karmel, whether as erstwhile writer, editor, or maker of short films, has earned the right to a long and fruitful directorial career on the strength of "Me Myself I", one of the most striking feature-film debuts ever."
Awards.
The film won two awards for sound at the Australian Screen Sound Guild awards and won First Works Section at the Festroia International Film Festival. It was nominated for the Australian Film Institute Award for Best Direction, Best Screenplay, Best Actress in a Leading Role and Best Achievement in Editing.
Box office.
"Me Myself I" grossed $2,698,330 at the box office in Australia, and about $370,000 in the U.S..

</doc>
<doc id="18578564" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18578564" title="Kōme Station">
Kōme Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR West

</doc>
<doc id="18578569" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18578569" title="Addam Maric">
Addam Maric

Addam Maric (born 19 April 1990) is a former professional Australian rules footballer who played for Richmond and Melbourne in the Australian Football League (AFL). . He is unrelated to former Richmond team mate, Ivan Maric and their surnames are pronounced differently (Addam "Marrick" and Ivan "Marrich").
Maric plays as a small forward, but can also be used in the backline. He represented Vic Metro at the NAB AFL U/18 National Championships in 2007. Maric was taken with the 21st selection in the National Draft in the 2007 AFL Draft earning a reputation as one of the most accurate kicks in the under 18 competition. After spending most of the 2008 season playing for Melbourne's VFL affiliate Sandringham, Maric was named to play against North Melbourne at the MCG for round 17. He completed his year 12 (final year) at Penleigh and Essendon Grammar School.
Maric wore the number 19 for the Demons, and number 38 for Sandringham. He has been assigned number 47 for Richmond. 
After four years with Melbourne, in which Maric had only managed 21 matches and struggled to string together consecutive appearances, there was speculation in the 2011 trade week that he would be traded to North Melbourne. Although Melbourne list manager, Tim Harrington, said that "the deal will be done", it did not eventuate. Two days after trade week ended, the Demons delisted Maric. Maric nominated for the draft and expected to be selected by North Melbourne. After beginning the 2012 pre-season with Richmond however, the Tigers selected Maric with the seventh overall pick in the 2012 Rookie Draft.
After the completion of the 2012 season Richmond officially announced Maric's delisting from its playing list.

</doc>
<doc id="18578571" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18578571" title="Katarniaghat Wildlife Sanctuary">
Katarniaghat Wildlife Sanctuary

The Katarniaghat Wildlife Sanctuary is a protected area in the Upper Gangetic plain in Uttar Pradesh, India and covers an area of in the Terai of the Bahraich district. In 1987, it was brought under the purview of the ‘Project Tiger’, and together with the Kishanpur Wildlife Sanctuary and the Dudhwa National Park it forms the Dudhwa Tiger Reserve. It was established in 1975.
The Katerniaghat Forest provides strategic connectivity between tiger habitats of Dudhwa and Kishanpur in India and the Bardia National Park in Nepal.
Its fragile Terai ecosystem comprises a mosaic of Sal and Teak forests, lush grasslands, numerous swamps and wetlands. It is home to a number of endangered species including gharial, tiger, rhino, Gangetic dolphin, Swamp deer, Hispid hare, Bengal florican, the White-backed and Long-billed vultures.
One of the best places in the world for seeing the Gharial in its natural habitat is the Girwa River, where it is found sympatric with the mugger. The population of Gharials in this stretch was one of the three that were still breeding, when the project to conserve this reptile from the verge of extinction was initiated in 1975. Mugger crocodiles are also seen in small number in the Girwa river,as their favorite haunts are stagnant wetlands like the many taals and baghars that dot the sanctuary. Side by side the serenely swimming gharial can be seen frolicking Ganges dolphins.
Recent discoveries in herpetofauna of Katerniaghat are highly fascinating and are represented by several species such as the Banded Krait, the Burmese Rock Python, the Yellow Speckled Wolf-snake and the Paradise Flying Snake.In 2012, a rare Red Coral Kukri snake was sighted in the sanctuary. This snake with the scientific name "Oligodon kheriensis" was first described from the North Kheri Division in 1936.

</doc>
<doc id="18578572" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18578572" title="John Minford">
John Minford

John Minford is a sinologist and literary translator. He is primarily known for his translation of Chinese classics such as "The Story of the Stone" and "The Art of War".
Biography.
Early years and education.
Professor John Minford was born in Birmingham, UK, in 1946. Being the son of a diplomat, he had lived in many countries around the world before he attended Winchester College in England to study Ancient Greek, Latin and classical literature.
He obtained first class honours in Chinese Literature from University of Oxford and did his PhD at the Australian National University.
Career in the past.
He held a number of teaching posts in mainland China, Hong Kong and New Zealand, including those of Chair Professor of Chinese at University of Auckland and Chair Professor of Translation at the Hong Kong Polytechnic University.
Current position.
John Minford is currently chair professor of Translation Studies at the Chinese University of Hong Kong.
Marriage.
Professor Minford is married to Rachel May, who is the daughter of noted Sinologist David Hawkes. Hawkes was also Minford's tutor at University of Oxford.

</doc>
<doc id="18578574" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18578574" title="Yuge Station">
Yuge Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR West

</doc>
<doc id="18578582" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18578582" title="Tanjōji Station">
Tanjōji Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR West

</doc>
<doc id="18578587" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18578587" title="Historical Figures and Ancient Heads">
Historical Figures and Ancient Heads

Historical Figures and Ancient Heads is the sixth album by Canned Heat, released in 1971. It was the first album not to feature original member and songwriter Alan Wilson who had died the previous year. Featuring new guitarman Joel Scott Hill and Little Richard on “Rockin’ WIth The King”. The record also includes Tony de la Barreda on bass, who left with Hill after this album and subsequent tour.

</doc>
<doc id="18578588" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18578588" title="Egara-guti">
Egara-guti

Egara-guti is a two-player abstract strategy game from India, specifically from Central Provinces. The game is related to Draughts and even more so to Alquerque. Pieces are captured by hopping over them, and the board is composed of two triangle grids. The game is also similar to the Butterfly (game) from Mozambique which suggests a historical connection between the two games. Egara-guti belongs to a specific category of games called Indian War-games, and the other games in this category are Lau kata kati, Dash-guti, Pretwa, Gol-skuish. All Indian War-games have one important thing in common, and that is that all the pieces are laid out on the grid patterned board in the beginning, with only one vacant point in the center. This forces the first move to be played on the central point, and captured by the other player's piece. 
Egara-guti is based on the Lau kata kati board. 
Goal.
To capture all of the opponent's pieces, or be the one with more pieces when no more pieces can be taken by either player, or stalemate the other opponent's pieces such that they are immobilized.
Equipment.
The board is an expanded Lau kata kati board. It is two triangles connected together at a common vertex. The triangles are divided by two lines across their breadth forming the second and third ranks, and a single line runs down the length of both triangles through the common vertex. Two more lines connect the two triangles where the second ranks intersect with the triangles and extend all the way to each triangle's base. Pieces are played on the intersection points, and there are a total of 23 intersection points.
Each player has 11 pieces. One plays the black pieces, and the other plays the white pieces, however any two colors or distinguishable objects will do.
Game play and rules.
1. The 11 black pieces are initially placed on one of the triangles, and the 11 white pieces are placed on the other triangle. The only intersection point vacant is the one in the middle which is the vertex that connects the two triangles together.
2. Players choose which color to play, and who starts first. Players alternate their turns using one piece to either move or capture per turn.
3. A piece moves one space per turn onto a vacant intersection point following the pattern on the board.
4. Captures are done by the short leap as in Draughts and Alquerque, where the adjacent enemy piece is hopped over onto a vacant point on the other side. The captures must be done in a straight line following the pattern on the board. Multiple captures are allowed as long as there is one vacant point in between the enemy pieces, and a vacant point beyond the last enemy piece. Captures are compulsory. If there are several options to capture in one turn, the player may choose any one of them. Captured pieces are removed from the board. 
5. If a player cannot perform a move or a capture because its pieces have been blocked or immobilized by the other player's pieces, this is known as a stalemate, and the player loses; the other player wins. 
6. If neither player can capture anymore pieces, the player with more pieces wins. If both players have the same amount of pieces, then the game is a draw.
Related games.
Lau kata kati, Dash-guti, Butterfly, Pretwa, Gol-skuish, Draughts, Alquerque

</doc>
<doc id="18578590" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18578590" title="Conspiracy of Silence (Church persecutions)">
Conspiracy of Silence (Church persecutions)

Conspiracy of Silence is a term used by the Catholic Church by and since Pope Pius XI to describe the lack of reaction among Western democracies to the persecution in the 1930s of Christians by Nazis and Communists in such countries as Mexico, Spain, Germany and the Soviet Union.
While numerous German Catholics, who participated in the secret printing and distribution of the encyclical "Mit Brennender Sorge," went to jail and concentration camps, the general reaction among Western democracies was not to comment on the matter, a phenomenon that Pope Pius XI labelled bitterly as "a conspiracy of silence." His protests were not published worldwide and had little resonance at the time in the secular media. For Roman Catholics in Germany, the issuance of the papal protest only resulted in increased persecution, which was not covered by non-Catholics in Western countries. The Conspiracy of Silence was related first to their silence on the persecution of the Church in Mexico, Spain, and the Soviet Union, and also included the silence of secular powers against the horrors of National Socialism. 

</doc>
<doc id="18578599" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18578599" title="Alfred Zeisler">
Alfred Zeisler

Alfred Zeisler (September 26, 1892 – March 1, 1985) was an American-born German film producer, director, actor and screenwriter. He produced 29 films between 1927 and 1936. He also directed 16 films between 1924 and 1949. He was born in Chicago, Illinois and died in Camano Island, Washington.

</doc>
<doc id="18578604" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18578604" title="Josh Garbutt">
Josh Garbutt

Josh Garbutt (born July 18, 1984 in Medicine Hat, Alberta) is a Canadian professional ice hockey player, currently without a club after being released by the Manchester Phoenix of the EIHL due to financial problems. He began his career as a forward but has switched to play in the defence.
Playing career.
Garbutt began his career in 2001 at junior level in the WHL playing for the Brandon Wheat Kings. In his debut season for the Wheat Kings, Garbutt featured in 52 regular season games, scoring 19 points and totalling 33 penalty minutes. This helped the Wheat Kings into the post-season where they lost in the Eastern Conference final. Garbutt continued with the Wheat Kings, and continued to be an important player for the organisation, who again managed to get to the Eastern Conference final but again were eliminated. Garbutt featured in 17 post-season games during the 2002–03 season.
In his final season in Brandon, Garbutt played in 38 games before moving mid-season to the Kamloops Blazers. Garbutt would again play in the WHL post-season, although the Blazers were eliminated quickly in the Conference quarter final. Garbutt would start the following season with the Prince George Cougars, but moved after just 12 games to the Yorkton Terriers of the Saskatchewan Junior Hockey League. In 40 SJHL games, Garbutt totalled an impressive 38 points. Garbutt has twice attended NHL development camps, for the Washington Capitals and the Anaheim Ducks but has not been drafted.
Garbutt's senior career began though a call up by the Victoria Salmon Kings to the ECHL, generally regarded as the third tier of ice hockey in North America. Garbutt featured in just 7 games though before playing for the University of Regina in Saskatchewan at CIS level. While in the CIS, Garbutt managed an impressive point-per-game ratio. Garbutt split the 2006–07 season between the New Mexico Scorpions and the Tulsa Oilers, both of whom play in the Central Hockey League. 
He would continue with the Oilers for the 2007–08 season, but after 27 games and 15 points moved to the Rio Grande Valley Killer Bees. Garbutt featured in 29 games, scoring 11 points and totalling 18 penalty minutes. In the summer of 2008, Garbutt moved to play for the Manchester Phoenix of the EIHL for his first taste of European hockey. Garbutt firmly established himself as a cornerstone of the Phoenix defence during his season in Manchester, and also managed to total 45 points in just 66 games, an impressive total for a defenceman. Garbutt's play would help the Phoenix to both domestic cup finals as well as into the post-season. Despite on-ice success, off-ice financial problems befell the organisation and in the summer of 2009, the Phoenix announced they would operate in the EPL. As a direct consequence, much of the senior squad was released, including Garbutt.
In his time away from the hockey rink, Garbutt helps out on the family farm and works as a buffalo rancher.

</doc>
<doc id="18578609" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18578609" title="Kamenokō Station">
Kamenokō Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR West

</doc>
<doc id="18578614" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18578614" title="Sarayama Station">
Sarayama Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR West

</doc>
<doc id="18578622" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18578622" title="Tsuyamaguchi Station">
Tsuyamaguchi Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR West

</doc>
<doc id="18578638" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18578638" title="Yazu-Kōkō-mae Station">
Yazu-Kōkō-mae Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Wakasa Railway

</doc>
<doc id="18578639" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18578639" title="Tommy Vile">
Tommy Vile

Major Thomas Henry "Tommy" Vile MBE (6 September 1882– 30 October 1958) was a Welsh international rugby union player. He played club rugby predominantly for Newport, captaining the side twice and played county rugby for Monmouthshire. He also represented the British Isles in Australia, and after retiring from playing became an international referee. He fought in both World Wars, became a president of the Welsh Rugby Union, was a Justice of the Peace, businessman and High Sheriff of Monmouthshire.
Club career.
Vile took part in a trial for Newport in 1900 at the age of 17 and despite his slight build was chosen as a forward. Due to injuries to other players, Vile got his chance and was accepted into the Newport ranks and in 1902 made his first-class debut for the club. During the 1903/04 season he became the club's regular scrum-half. Vile was a master of the reverse pass and was also a strong kicker who scored many drop goals for his club.
In 1909 he was made captain of Newport and showed himself as a great offensive tactician; and in the 1911/12 season lead his team to the Club Championship. In 1912, Vile alongside team partner Walter Martin were impressive in the match against the touring South Africans, which saw Newport win 9-3.
International career.
Wales.
Vile made his debut for Wales against England in 1908, mainly due to injuries to the Swansea pairing of Dicky Owen and Dick Jones. Vile was reportedly very nervous before the match as fog had descended and reduced visibility to 50 yards; and Vile presumed the game would be abandoned, allowing Owen time to recover and regain his place. Although Vile played well, when Owen and Jones were fit they were the first choice pairing for the Welsh selectors, and it wasn't until Owen declined to play in 1912 that Vile got a regular place in the Welsh squad.
After a terrible display against England in 1913 Vile was dropped by the selectors, but, surprisingly, was reselected after the First World War to captain Wales against Scotland in 1921 at the age of 37.
British Isles.
In 1904 Vile was chosen to tour Australasia under the captaincy of Bedell-Sivright. Vile would play in three tests for Britain but strangely it would take him another four years until he was called up to represent his own country.
International games played.
Wales
British Isles
International referee career.
After the end of his playing career, Vile became a referee and in 1923 refereed his first international rugby match, between Scotland and France. In total he would referee 12 internationals between 1923 and 1931.
Military service.
In World War II, Vile was a lieutenant in the Royal Artillery and during World War II reached the rank of major serving in the Intelligence Corps. At the end of the war he was appointed High Sheriff of Monmouthshire for 1945.

</doc>
<doc id="18578647" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18578647" title="Inaba-Funaoka Station">
Inaba-Funaoka Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Wakasa Railway
 

</doc>
<doc id="18578652" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18578652" title="2000 du Maurier Open – Women's Singles">
2000 du Maurier Open – Women's Singles

Martina Hingis was the defending champion, and won in the final 0–6, 6–3, 3–0, after Serena Williams retired due to a left foot injury.
Seeds.
The top eight seeds receive a bye into the second round. 

</doc>
<doc id="18578653" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18578653" title="Hayabusa Station">
Hayabusa Station

Lines.
Hayabusa Station is served by the 19.2 km Wakasa Line between and , and is located 4.4 km from Kōge.
History.
The station opened on 20 January 1930.

</doc>
<doc id="18578655" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18578655" title="David Citadel Hotel">
David Citadel Hotel

The David Citadel Hotel (, "") is a luxury hotel in the center of Jerusalem. The hotel is on King David Street, close to the entrance to the Old City. The hotel hosts VIPs, including global political leaders, business moguls and celebrities, competing with the nearby King David Hotel for the title of "Jerusalem’s Flagship Hotel"
The hotel was designed by Moshe Safdie as a U shaped structure rising 10 storeys high with 384 rooms and suites. It has terrace-style suites that overlook the Old City and the Tower of David, and the glass-domed public lobby in the inner part of the "U". The building is an integral part of the Mamilla development project planned by Safdie, and highlights a neo-oriental style which blends Middle-Eastern and classic Jerusalem architectural elements.
The hotel is owned by the Tel Aviv-based Alrov hotel and real estate development group, under the tutelage of Israeli business titan Alfred Akirov. The hotel opened in 1998 and was originally dubbed as the "Hilton Jerusalem." It was managed by Hilton International and was supposed to bring the property international notoriety. However, after a business dispute between Alfred Akirov and Hilton International, which developed into multi-million-dollar mutual lawsuits between the two corporations Hilton pulled out of managing the property in 2001. The owners decided that the hotel would not engage another international chain to manage the property and was renamed The David Citadel Hotel. Today the hotel is managed by the Alrov Hotel Group. The Alrov Hotel Group owns five luxury properties in Jerusalem, Amsterdam, London and Paris.
People who have stayed include former U.S. President Bill Clinton and his wife Senator Hillary Clinton, as well as Republican Party Presidential candidate, Senator John McCain, Senator Barack Obama, Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin and U.S. Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice, who has used the facility to conduct quiet meetings between Israeli and Palestinian peace negotiating teams.

</doc>
<doc id="18578662" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18578662" title="Hattō Station">
Hattō Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Wakasa Railway

</doc>
<doc id="18578670" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18578670" title="Friedrich Kayßler">
Friedrich Kayßler

Friedrich Kayßler (7 April 1874 – 30 April 1945) was a German theatre and film actor. He appeared in 56 films between 1913 and 1945.
Biography.
Kayßler was born in Neurode in the Prussian Silesia Province (now Nowa Ruda in Poland). He attended the gymnasium in Breslau (Wrocław), where he became a close friend of Christian Morgenstern and Fritz Beblo. Graduating in 1893 Kayßler studied philosophy at the universities of Breslau and Munich and began his theatre career at he Deutsches Theater in Berlin under manager Otto Brahm, later working at municipal theatres in Görlitz and Halle.
At the Deutsches Theater, Kayßler had made friends with director Max Reinhardt, whose "Schall und Rauch" Kabarett ensemble in Berlin he joined in 1901. He followed Reinhardt, when he became manager of the Deutsches Theater in 1905, where Kayßler performed in Kleist's "The Prince of Homburg", Goethe's "Faust" and Ibsen's "Peer Gynt". He also succeeded Reinhardt as manager of the Berlin Volksbühne from 1918 until 1923. He first appeared as a film actor in the silent movie "Welche sterben, wenn sie lieben" in 1913 and wrote several poems and dramas.
In March 1944 his son Christian, who was also a popular film actor, was killed in an allied bombing raid. Kayßler was named as one of the Third Reich's most important artists in the Gottbegnadeten list of September 1944. During the Battle of Berlin he was murdered by Red Army troops at his house in the suburb of Kleinmachnow, when he tried to protect his wife.

</doc>
<doc id="18578672" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18578672" title="Tokumaru Station">
Tokumaru Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Wakasa Railway

</doc>
<doc id="18578684" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18578684" title="Tampi Station">
Tampi Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Wakasa Railway

</doc>
<doc id="18578689" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18578689" title="Martin of Cochem">
Martin of Cochem

Martin of Cochem (born at Cochem on the Mosel, 13 December 1630 or 1634; died in the convent at Waghäusel, 10 September 1712) was a German Capuchin theologian, preacher, and ascetic writer.
Life.
He came of a Catholic family, and while still young entered the novitiate of the Capuchin. After his ordination to the priesthood, he was assigned to a professorship of theology.
In 1666, he was involved in the care of plague victims, and began to compose short popular religious treatises. Martin then made a specialty of popular preaching and religious writing, in the Archdiocese of Trier and Archdiocese of Ingelheim under Cardinal Brandr Beekman-Ellner. He continued up to the time of his death, hearing confessions with the aid of an ear-trumpet.
Works.
The most voluminous is an ecclesiastical history in 2 vols, fol., composed for apologetic purposes and provoked by the attacks made upon the Catholic Church by Protestantism. However, the author brought it down only to the year 1100.
Father Martin's other works embrace a great variety of subjects: the life of Christ, legends of the saints, edifying narratives, the setting forth of certain points in Christian asceticism, forms of prayer, methods to be followed for the worthy reception of the sacraments, etc. The best known is "Die heilige Messe", on which, according to his own statement, he spent three years.
The works published during Father Martin's lifetime are:
This list does not include all the author's writings. In 1896 there appeared a small work never before published, "Das Gebet des Herzens", which at the end of its third year went into a seventh edition.

</doc>
<doc id="18578691" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18578691" title="Wakasa Station">
Wakasa Station

Lines.
Wakasa Station forms the terminus of the 19.2 km Wakasa Line from .
History.
The station opened on 1 December 1930.

</doc>
<doc id="18578698" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18578698" title="Hmeida Ould Ahmed Taleb">
Hmeida Ould Ahmed Taleb

Hmeida Ould Ahmed Taleb (born 1968) is a Mauritanian political figure, currently serving in the government as Minister of Higher Education and Scientific Research.
Ahmed Taleb was born in Tintane. He became First Secretary to the Mauritanian Embassy in Libya in 2000 before becoming First Secretary to the Mauritanian Embassy in Egypt in 2001. In 2007 he became First Secretary and "Chargé d'affaires" of the Mauritanian Embassy in Egypt. Ahmed Taleb was appointed as Minister of Higher Education and Scientific Research in July 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="18578702" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18578702" title="Millard Powers">
Millard Powers

Avery Millard Powers III (born December 24, 1965 in Greensboro, North Carolina) is an American musician, songwriter, record producer, and Grammy-nominated recording engineer.
Career.
Early history.
Powers studied piano for six years, and played trumpet in his middle school and high school bands for five years. He went on to study Guitar Performance and Communications at University of North Carolina at Greensboro.
Majosha.
Majosha was a band formed around early 1988 with Ben Folds on bass, Powers on guitar, and Dave Rich on drums. They played their first show at Duke University's Battle of the Bands in 1988 and won. Majosha released an EP, "Party Night: Five Songs About Jesus" in 1988, which contained four tracks, and none of which were about Jesus. After gaining popularity, they released their first album, "Shut Up and Listen to Majosha" in 1989. Around the same time, they did a dance mix of "Get That Bug" which was released in Japan. The band's label was Fresh Avery Records. All tracks were produced by Folds and Powers.
The Semantics.
The Semantics, a power-pop band formed by Millard Powers and Will Owsley, featured Jody Spence and Ringo Starr's son, Zak Starkey. Ben Folds appeared on drums on two demos which were not released and on keyboard at a few live performances. Folds was not involved with the creative aspects of the group. The band was signed to Geffen Records, and their album Powerbill, initially slated for release through Geffen Records in 1993, was released in Japan through Alfa International on December 21, 1996.
Solo album.
Powers released a self-titled solo album in 2001. Powers played all instruments (bass, guitar, drums, keyboard), recorded, produced, mixed, and engineered the album himself in his apartment in Nashville, Tennessee. No other artists were featured on the album.
Production and engineering.
Powers was nominated for a Grammy Award for Best Engineered Album in 1999 for his work on the album Owsley by American singer-songwriter and guitarist Will Owsley.
Touring.
He has played with acts such as Counting Crows, Keith Urban, Amy Grant, Ben Folds, Holly Williams, Cyndi Thomson, Greta Gaines, Anita Cochran, and Butterfly Boucher.
Counting Crows.
Powers joined Counting Crows for his first show April 22, 2005, in Denver, Colorado. He plays bass guitar, upright double bass, piano, and performs live vocals. He has since recorded two albums with the group, one studio album and one live album. He also appears on a Counting Crows compilation album.
"Saturday Nights & Sunday Mornings".
"Saturday Nights & Sunday Mornings" was released March 25, 2008. The album debuted at #3 on the Billboard 200 and #1 on iTunes. This is the fifth studio album by Counting Crows. It is thematically divided into two sides: the rock music of "Saturday Nights" and the more country-influenced "Sunday Mornings." The "Saturday Nights" portion was produced by Gil Norton (who also produced the band's second album, "Recovering the Satellites"), while "Sunday Mornings" was produced by Brian Deck.
Powers' contribution to the album is listed in the liner notes as, "bass guitar, upright double bass, general all-around unflappable musical genius... and vocals."
"Live From Soho".
"iTunes Live from SoHo" was recorded on March 27, 2008, at an in-store performance in Apple's famous SoHo location in New York City. This album was an iTunes exclusive. Powers plays bass and upright double bass.
"Aural 6".
"Aural 6" is an EP released on November 27, 2008. The Best Buy-exclusive compilation sampler contains tracks from several of their previous albums, including "Saturday Nights & Sunday Mornings". This was one of a series of six-song EPs released at Best Buy on Black Friday, 2008.
"Underwater Sunshine (Or What We Did On Our Summer Vacation)".
"Underwater Sunshine (Or What We Did On Our Summer Vacation)" was released April 10, 2012. The album consists of nothing but cover song. The band chose to re-record several songs that they have previously released, including "Amie," "Four White Stallions," "Ooh La La," "You Ain't Going Nowhere" as well as songs they have not previously performed.
Television appearances.
Powers has made multiple television appearances on Good Morning America, The Today Show, The View, the Late Show with David Letterman, The Tonight Show with Jay Leno, and many other programs between 1991 and present. In 2005 he appeared in 10 episodes of the program Three Wishes, with Amy Grant. In 2009, Powers performed on the U.K. series Live from Abbey Road with Counting Crows.
Discography.
Powers has taken a role in the following works:

</doc>
<doc id="18578721" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18578721" title="François-Lambert Bourneuf">
François-Lambert Bourneuf

François-Lambert Bourneuf (October 20, 1787 – May 16, 1871) was a sailor, merchant and political figure in Nova Scotia, Canada. He represented Digby County in the Nova Scotia House of Assembly from 1843 to 1859. His first name sometimes appears as Francis.
He was born in Rénéville, France, the son of François Bourneuf and Michelle Énolle, and served three years in the French navy before signing on with a ship trading in the West Indies. Bourneuf was captured by the English in 1809 and brought to Halifax, Nova Scotia. He escaped and became a school teacher in Pombcoup (later Pubnico). In 1813, he moved to St. Mary's Bay, where he took an oath of allegiance to Britain. After teaching and then farming, he went to sea as second in command of a schooner. In 1817, he bought his own ship. Some time later, he also began building ships. In 1818, Bourneuf married Marie Doucet, the daughter of Amable Doucet, a magistrate and Acadian. Bourneuf was one of the first magistrates for Digby County and also served on the first school commission for Clare. He died at St. Mary's Bay at the age of 83.

</doc>
<doc id="18578723" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18578723" title="The New Age (album)">
The New Age (album)

The New Age is the seventh studio album by Canned Heat, released in 1973. It was the first album to feature the talents of James Shane and Ed Beyer. Clara Ward also appears on the album in her very last recording. Influential Rock Critic Lester Bangs was fired from Rolling Stone for writing a "disrespectful" review of this album upon its release.

</doc>
<doc id="18578729" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18578729" title="Duncan Wingham">
Duncan Wingham

Duncan Wingham is Professor of Climate Physics at University College London, and was the first Director of the Centre for Polar Observation & Modelling. He is chief executive of the Natural Environment Research Council and Principal Scientist for the CryoSat Satellite Mission.
In the 1990s, Wingham was involved in a four-year satellite study of the Antarctic ice sheet. His conclusion then, and from later research, is that the Antarctic has contributed little to observed rising sea levels in the 20th century. However, he has also stated that "it is possible that the consequences of global warming on sea level rise have been underestimated... Other sources of rise must be underestimated. In particular it is possible that the effect of global warming on thermal expansion the oceans is larger than we thought".
In a 2005 interview Wingham stated "Antarctic is to some extent insulated from global warming because to its north are zonal flows in the atmosphere and ocean, unimpeded by other landmasses... I am not denying global warming."

</doc>
<doc id="18578742" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18578742" title="Abdulsalam Haykal">
Abdulsalam Haykal

Abdulsalam Haykal () (born July 14, 1978 in Damascus) is a Syrian technology and media entrepreneur, who lives and works in Damascus, Syria. In 2009, the World Economic Forum named Haykal as a Young Global Leader, the first Syrian to receive this recognition.
Haykal is CEO of Transtek, an enterprise software development firm, and of Haykal Media, publisher of the business newsmagazine Aliqtisadi, and the English monthly Forward Magazine. "The Report: Emerging Syria 2008" listed Haykal Media with its magazines and online media as one of three main players in the media sector in Syria.
Haykal is president of the Syrian Young Entrepreneurs Association (SYEA), an NGO formed as part of the reform process in Syria. He is also a founder and trustee in several other organizations including BIDAYA Foundation, an NGO to help disadvantaged young people to become entrepreneurs by providing business mentoring and charitable micro-loans; and Tumuhi, a national college scholarship fund.
Haykal studied at the American University of Beirut, and the School of Oriental and African Studies (SOAS), University of London. In June 2007, he was elected as an alumni trustee of the American University of Beirut, the youngest in its history. He is also a trustee of the University of Kalamoon, a private higher education institution in Syria. In April 2010, he was invited by the Obama Administration to the Presidential Summit on Entrepreneurship, in recognition of his business development activities.

</doc>
<doc id="18578744" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18578744" title="Parc Howard Museum">
Parc Howard Museum

Parc Howard Museum & Art Gallery is an 18th-century Italianate architecture country house converted into a museum and civic park, located north of the town centre of Llanelli in Carmarthenshire, Wales.
History.
The lands originally were home to a far older property, Bryn-y-caerau. In 1559, St Albans lawyer Alban Stepney married into the family of Richard Davies, Bishop of St David's. On 31 December 1561 the bishop appointed him receiver-general of the diocese of St David's, and he also served as its registrar. From this point he and his descedents built up the Welsh branch of the Stepney family, and their associated estate.
Part of the original Stepney estate which surrounded Llanelli, by the early 1800s the property and its immediate lands had been purchased by Mr R.T. Howell, a local business man, Harbour Commissioner and member of the local Health Board. After his death in 1853, the property passed through his will to James Buckley Wilson, the son of architect James Wilson, and grandson of the Revd James Buckley. Based in Bath, Somerset he had no need for such a grand house, but he agreed a 99-year lease to his cousin James Buckley (1838–95).
Under the terms of the lease, Buckley commissioned his cousin to design a new large scale addition to the house. However, still wanting more space and to express his money and influence, Buckley recommissioned his cousin in 1882 to undertake a more extensive reconstruction to create the present Italiante style mock-castle in Bath stone, known on opening in 1886 as Brynycaerau Castle.
Originally orientated south-west, Buckley-Wilson reorientated the entrance to the south-east to over look the earlier structures grounds, and the surrounding countryside towards the River Loughor estuary, and onwards towards the sea. He added a central three arched porte cochère (carriage porch) to accommodate the new drive, and the two small symmetrical supporting side extensions have projecting bays. All except the rear elevation are symmetrical, achieved by extending the northwest wing and reconfiguring the out buildings; on all the corners the quoins stand proud. There are square headed windows on the ground floor, and arched windows above. The house is topped by a low pitched slate roof to give a castle-like feel on approach, behind ballustraded parapets with urn finials. There is also a tall belvedere tower rising at the rear. Remodelling the gardens, behind the house sat a kitchen garden with pergola and associated small orchard, with access to glasshouses, stables and coachhouse beyond (now converted to council offices and storage). The lodge that was to the south-east of the house has now been demolished. Buckley-Wilson was so proud of the finished structure, that it formed part of his application to be admitted as a fellow of the Royal Institute of British Architects.
In 1911, after the deaths of both James Buckley and James Buckley-Wilson, Llanelli Urban Council were looking to secure Parc Howard for development as a civic park and museum. However, the property was in need of extensive renovation and modernisation, and the council budget could not stretch financially to both purchase and renovation. After Sir Arthur Cowell-Stepney had died in 1909 in Yuma, Arizona, his daughter Katherine Meriel Cowell-Stepney inherited the Stepney estate. After she became the second wife of the noted Liberal politician Sir Stafford Howard in 1911, in January 1912 the couple offered to fully fund the purchase of the property for £7,750. In February 1912, the parties agreed a 999-year lease, on the conditions that:
These were scoped to allow the property to be opened on the couple's first anniversary, and secondly that Sir Stafford had a belief that local authorities were inclined to be somewhat slow, and this was a way of enforcing progress. As the 1912 Miners strike was in progress by March, cheap labour was extensively available to complete the project in time at a budget of £4,500. As agreed the park was opened on 21 September 1912 by Lady Howard on her first wedding anniversary, and included a bandstand and tennis courts.
During the 1930s, the Council acquired of additional land to the north-east, extending today to where Parc Howard Avenue lies. A new entrance was made from Felin Foel Road, and the perimeter path suitably extended.
During both World War I and World War II, the property was used as a hospital for wounded soldiers. In 1915 the mansion was converted into a hospital for wounded soldiers, with 40 soldiers occupying five wards, and being attended to by 18 Red Cross nurses. The hospital remained in operation post the end of hostilities until 1921, when it was let to the War Pensions Committee for a further three years to allow for disabled rehabilitation.
In 1965, Llanelli Borough Council bought the house and of surrounding grounds from the Stepney estate for £350,000.
Present.
The site on Felinfoel Road (A476) is now managed by Carmarthenshire County Council. To the front is a small grassed terrace, while to north-east the informal lawn covers . There is a pond to the south of the lawn, and a sunken garden to its west. To the west of the house are the bowling greens and tennis courts, with an adjacent children's play area. On the western side of the site, a Gorsedd Circle marks the area where druids celebrate the Gorsedd ceremony to mark the National Eisteddfod, which was held in Llanelli in 1962.
The park is open every day of the year (except Christmas Day), from 7.30am until half an hour before dusk.
After being threatened with closure by the council in 2011, local people formed the Parc Howard Association to ensure that the house remained opened and available for its specific donated purpose.
Collection & exhibits.
Parc Howard Museum and Art Gallery is best known for its large and representative collection of the locally-made Llanelly Pottery (1839 - 1920), gifted in 1933 by Lady Howard. It also houses paintings, portraits and other art works and displays artifacts relating to the local area, its history and culture. There is a cafe attached to the eastern end of the main house.
Haunting.
Many people who have visited or stayed at the house have reported hearing a knocking sound coming from the walls at the back of the property. Although extensively investigated over the years by the councils workmen and surveyors, nothing has yet been found to explain the noise.
A search of the title deeds and land records later suggested that Bryn-y-caerau may have been the site of an ancient burial ground. Further, locals suggest that during the time of James Buckley, the lover of one of the kitchen maids hid in the extensive chimney system to avoid being caught by the children's the governess. After he got lost, it is assumed that the tapping comes from the since long dead sole. During both World War I and World War II, the property was used as a hospital for wounded soldiers, some of whom have said since to have been seen waving from now blocked-off windows.

</doc>
<doc id="18578788" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18578788" title="Sopressa">
Sopressa

Sopressa is an Italian aged salami, produced with pork, lard, salt, pepper, spices and sometimes garlic. It is a typical product of the Veneto, in northern Italy. 
Sopressa Vicentina, produced in the province of Vicenza, has been awarded the Protected Geographical Status by the European Union.

</doc>
<doc id="18578797" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18578797" title="José Arlegui">
José Arlegui

José Arlegui (c. 1686-1750) was a Spanish Franciscan theologian of the 18th century, from Biscay, who wrote on theological subjects, some of them related to the ethnology of Mexico.
Life.
He was first attached to the Franciscan province of Cantabria, then transferred to Zacatecas in Mexico.
Works.
His most important work was the "Cronica de Zacatecas", which was published in 1737. He gives an account of the missions in his province, including many reports on the native Americans of Zacatecas. This is a major primary source for them, who are otherwise hardly touched by contemporary published documents, and of the first attempts to convert them to Christianity.

</doc>
<doc id="18578839" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18578839" title="Mark J. Ablowitz">
Mark J. Ablowitz

Mark Jay Ablowitz (born June 5, 1945, New York) is a professor in the department of Applied Mathematics at the University of Colorado at Boulder, Colorado. He was born in New York City. He received his Ph.D. from MIT in Mathematics.

</doc>
<doc id="18578840" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18578840" title="Pretwa">
Pretwa

Pretwa is a two-player abstract strategy game from Bihar, India. The game is related to draughts and Alquerque. Pieces are captured by hopping over them, and the board is composed of three concentric circles divided by six lines which radiate from the center point and forms six pie slices. Pretwa belongs to a category of games called Indian war games, which also includes the games Lau kata kati, Dash-guti, Egara-guti, Gol-skuish. All Indian war games have one important thing in common, and that is that all the pieces are laid out on a grid patterned board, with only one vacant point in the center. This forces the first move to be played on the central point, and captured by the other player's piece. 
Pretwa is a smaller version of the game Gol-skuish. 
Goal.
To capture all of the opponent's pieces, or to reduce the opponent's number of pieces to three, or be the one with more pieces when no more pieces can be taken by either player, or stalemate the other opponent's pieces such that they are immobilized.
Equipment.
The board consist of three concentric circles divided by six lines which radiate from the center point and forms six pie slices. Pieces are played on the intersection points, and there are a total of 19 intersection points.
Each player has 9 pieces . One plays the black pieces, and the other plays the white pieces, however any two colors or distinguishable objects will do.
Game play and rules.
1. The 9 black pieces are initially placed on three radiating lines that are next to each other, and the 9 white pieces are placed on the other three lines that are next to each other. The only intersection point vacant is the center point.
2. Players choose which color to play, and who starts first. Players alternate their turns using one piece to either move or capture per turn.
3. A piece moves one space per turn onto a vacant intersection point following the pattern on the board.
4. Captures are done by the short leap as in Draughts and Alquerque, where the adjacent enemy piece is hopped over onto a vacant point on the other side. The captures must be done either sideways on a concentric circle, or forwards or backwards on a radiating line. Multiple captures are allowed as long as there is one vacant point in between the enemy pieces, and a vacant point beyond the last enemy piece. Captures are compulsory. If there are several options to capture in one turn, the player may choose any one of them. Captured pieces are removed from the board. 
5. If a player cannot perform a move or a capture because its pieces have been blocked or immobilized by the other player's pieces, this is known as a stalemate, and the player loses; the other player wins. 
6. If neither player can capture anymore pieces, the player with more pieces wins. If both players have the same amount of pieces, then the game is a draw.
7. The player whose number of pieces are first reduced to three is the loser, and the other player is the winner. 
Related games.
Gol-skuish, Lau kata kati, Dash-guti, Egara-guti, Butterfly (game), Draughts, Alquerque

</doc>
<doc id="18578847" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18578847" title="Lucia Zorzi">
Lucia Zorzi

Lucia Zorzi (born 10 December 1961) is a television writer, producer and consultant.
Biography.
She is a professional television writer, producer and consultant with twenty years experience, specialized in news and entertainment programs. She works mostly for Rai, the Italian State Television. Her leading experience has been abroad where she has produced live segments for Italian TV programmes (France, Sweden, Norway, Finland, Switzerland, Spain, Norway, Svalbard Islands, Germany, Great Britain, Ireland, Canada, Brazil, Florida, Arizona).
After getting the Bachelor in Foreign Languages and Literature at the University of Ca' Foscari - Venice, she became part of the Society of Professional Journalists. In 2011 she became a philosophical counselor for Sicof (The Italian Society for Philosophical Counseling). She is based in Milan, Italy.
Commercial.
Director for teasers Quizzolotto/Lottomatica 
Film documentary.
Co-writer and Producer of 45’documentary ”Lapland: Paths to the Wind,” aired by Italian state broadcaster Rai in 2001. English version distributed by Janson Media, New York.
Editing.
Lapponia: Taccuini Sami, Todaro Editore, Lugano, 2000
Retrovisioni: Diario TV, Esedra, Padova, 1998
Taccuini d'Irlanda, Todaro Editore, Lugano, 1998
Poesie di Luigi Chiereghin, edited by Lucia Zorzi, Edizioni Del Leone, Venezia, 1995

</doc>
<doc id="18578848" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18578848" title="One More River to Cross (album)">
One More River to Cross (album)

One More River To Cross is the eighth studio album by Canned Heat, released in 1973. The band negotiated out of their contract with Liberty Records and debuted with Atlantic Records. This album featured horn arrangements played by the Muscle Shoal Horns along with Barry Beckett and Roger Hawkins. The album cover was designed by Ernie Cefalu.

</doc>
<doc id="18578861" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18578861" title="The Good Companions (disambiguation)">
The Good Companions (disambiguation)

The Good Companions may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18578864" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18578864" title="Gloud Wilson McLelan">
Gloud Wilson McLelan

Gloud Wilson McLelan (April 18, 1796–April 6, 1858) was a businessman and politician in Nova Scotia. He represented Londonderry Township from 1836 to 1847 and Colchester County from 1851 to 1858 in the Nova Scotia House of Assembly.
He was born in Great Village, Nova Scotia, the son of David McLelan and Mary Durling, and, after very little formal education, he entered business as a merchant and shipper. McLelan married Martha Spencer in 1822. He died in office in Halifax.
His son Archibald succeeded him in the assembly and went on to served in the Canadian House of Commons and Senate.

</doc>
<doc id="18578869" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18578869" title="Southampton City Primary Care Trust">
Southampton City Primary Care Trust

Southampton City Primary Care Trust is the NHS primary care trust (PCT) covering the city of Southampton in England. Established in April 2001, Southampton City was the very first PCT in the country.
History.
The trust was established on 1 April 2001 as an evolution of an organisation called Southampton East Healthcare, which covered part of the city as well as parts of Eastleigh. Over the first year, the organisation's boundaries altered, and from 1 April 2002, the PCT was responsible for healthcare in the whole of Southampton, while the Eastleigh portion was transferred to Eastleigh and Test Valley Primary Care Trust (now Hampshire Primary Care Trust).

</doc>
<doc id="18578871" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18578871" title="Athletics at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Men's 10,000 metres">
Athletics at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Men's 10,000 metres

The Men's 10,000 metres at the 2008 Summer Olympics took place on August 17 at the Beijing National Stadium.
The race was dominated by the Ethiopian and Kenyan teams along with Tadese of Eritrea. With 200m remaining, Bekele pulled away from the rest of the field with a final lap of 53.42 seconds, winning his second 10,000m Olympic gold medal.
Competition format.
The qualifying standards for the 2008 event were 27:50.00 (A standard) and 28:10.00 (B standard).
The Men's 10,000m competition consisted of only one race the Final.
Records.
Prior to this competition, the existing world and Olympic records were as follows:
The following new Olympic record was set during this competition.
Results.
"OR - Olympic Record, NR - National Record, PB - Personal Best, SB - Season Best

</doc>
<doc id="18578877" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18578877" title="Athletics at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Women's 10,000 metres">
Athletics at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Women's 10,000 metres

The women's 10,000 metres at the 2008 Summer Olympics took place on 15 August at the Beijing National Stadium. The race was won by Tirunesh Dibaba of Ethiopia, who set a new Olympic record time of 29:54.66.
The qualifying standards were 31:45.00 (A standard) and 32:20.00 (B standard).
Records.
Prior to this competition, the existing world and Olympic records were as follows:
The following new Olympic record was set during this competition.
Both Tirunesh Dibaba and Elvan Abeylegesse completed the race in a time under the old Olympic record, recording the second and third fastest ever women's 10,000 metre times, making Dibaba the new Olympic record holder.

</doc>
<doc id="18578883" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18578883" title="Athletics at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Women's 100 metres hurdles">
Athletics at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Women's 100 metres hurdles

The women's 100 metres hurdles at the 2008 Summer Olympics took place on 17–19 August at the Beijing National Stadium.
The qualifying standards were 12.96 s (A standard) and 13.11 s (B standard).
Records.
Prior to this competition, the existing world and Olympic records were as follows:
No new world or Olympic records were set for this event.
Results.
Round 1.
Qualifying rule: first two of each heat (Q) plus the six fastest times (q) qualified.
Semifinals.
Qualification: First 4 in each heat and the next fastest advance to the Final.

</doc>
<doc id="18578891" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18578891" title="Athletics at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Men's 110 metres hurdles">
Athletics at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Men's 110 metres hurdles

The Men's 110 metres hurdles at the 2008 Summer Olympics took place on 18–21 August at the Beijing National Stadium.
The qualifying standards were 13.55 s (A standard) and 13.72 s (B standard).
Records.
Prior to this competition, the existing world and Olympic records were as follows:
No new world or Olympic records were set for this event.
Results.
Round 1.
Qualification: First 4 in each heat (Q) and the next 8 fastest (q) advance to the Round 2.
Round 2.
Qualification: First 3 in each heat (Q) and the next 4 fastest (q) advance to the Semifinals.
Semifinals.
Qualification: First 4 in each heat(Q) advance to the Final.
Semifinal 1.
20 August 2008 - 21:30
Wind: -0.4 m/s
Semifinal 2.
20 August 2008 - 21:39
Wind: -0.4 m/s

</doc>
<doc id="18578896" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18578896" title="The Good Companions (1933 film)">
The Good Companions (1933 film)

The Good Companions is a 1933 British comedy film directed by Victor Saville starring Jessie Matthews and John Gielgud. It is based on the novel of the same name by J.B. Priestley.
Plot.
A group of widely divergent characters meet up with a broken-down touring concert-party, throw in their lot with them, and eventually triumph after temporary setbacks. This British musical-comedy follows an unlikely trio as they try to revive the fortunes of the floundering theatrical troupe. School teacher Inigo Jolifant (John Gielgud) with his talent for songwriting, and recently unemployed Jess Oakroyd (Edmund Gwenn) with his theatrical ambitions, together persuade Miss Trant (Mary Glynne), an older single woman looking for adventure, to fund them as they attempt to bring "The Dinky Do's" back into the spotlight. Susie Dean (Jessie Matthews) is a chorus girl who dreams of stardom, and when she's made the new leader of the show, it looks as if her dreams may finally come true.

</doc>
<doc id="18578900" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18578900" title="Gol-skuish">
Gol-skuish

Gol-skuish is a two-player abstract strategy game from India, specifically from Central Provinces. The game belongs to the draughts and Alquerque family as enemy pieces are captured by hopping over them. The board is composed of seven concentric circles intersected with six lines radiating from the central point of the board. Gol-skuish belongs to a specific category of games called Indian War-games which include Lau kata kati, Dash-guti, Egara-guti, and Pretwa. At the beginning of every Indian War-game all the pieces are laid out on the board at every intersection point, with the exception of the central point. This forces the first move of the game to be played on the central point, and captured by the second player's piece. 
Gol-skuish is a larger version of the game Pretwa. 
Goal.
To capture all of the opponent's pieces, or reduce your opponent's pieces to five, or be the one with more pieces when no more pieces can be taken by either player, or stalemate the other opponent's pieces such that they are immobilized.
Equipment.
The board consist of seven concentric circles intersected by six lines which radiate from the central point of the board. Pieces are played on the intersection points, and there are a total of 43 intersection points.
Each player has 21 pieces. One plays the black pieces, and the other plays the white pieces.
Game Play and Rules.
1. In the beginning, Black places its 21 pieces on the intersection points of three adjacent lines radiating from the central point. White does the same. The only intersection point vacant is the central point.
2. Throughout the game, players alternate their turns by either performing a non-capturing move or a capturing move with one of their pieces. 
Non-capturing move: A piece moves one space onto a vacant adjacent intersection point following the pattern on the board.
Capturing move: The capturing move is the short leap method as in Draughts and Alquerque. A player's piece hops over an adjacent enemy piece landing onto a vacant point immediately beyond following the pattern on the board. The short leap must either be completed exclusively in the direction of a concentric circle, or in the direction of a radiating line, however in a multiple capturing scenario the player's piece may continue on capturing in different directions. Captures are compulsory. Multiple captures are allowed and compulsory. If there are several options to capture in one turn, the player may choose any one of them. Captured pieces are removed from the board. 
5. If a player cannot perform a move because its pieces have been immobilized by the other player's pieces, this is known as a stalemate, and the player loses; the other player wins. 
6. If neither player can capture anymore pieces, then the player with more pieces wins. If both players have the same amount of pieces, then the game is a draw.
7. The player whose number of pieces are first reduced to five is the loser, and the other player is the winner. 
Related Games.
Pretwa, Lau kata kati, Dash-guti, Egara-guti, Butterfly (game), Draughts, Alquerque

</doc>
<doc id="18578903" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18578903" title="Volucella">
Volucella

Volucella is a genus of large, broad-bodied, dramatic hover-flies. They have distinctive aristas and the face is extended downward. They are strongly migratory and males are often territorial. Adults feed on nectar of flowers and are often seen sunning on leaves. The larvae of most species live in nests of bumblebees and social wasps, where they are detritivores and larval predators.

</doc>
<doc id="18578904" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18578904" title="Martin Andersen (disambiguation)">
Martin Andersen (disambiguation)

Martin Andersen (born 1986) is a Danish footballer.
Martin Andersen may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18578910" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18578910" title="Archange de Lyon">
Archange de Lyon

Archange de Lyon (secular name Michael Desgranges) (b. at Lyon, 2 March 1736; d. there 13 October 1822) was a French Capuchin theologian and preacher. He is regarded as the restorer of the Capuchin order in France, after the French Revolution.
Life.
He joined the Capuchins 4 March 1751, and held the post of lector in theology about the end of the eighteenth century. In 1789, having preached against the States General, he was obliged to leave France. 
He returned in disguise to Lyon about 1796, and became curé of the parish of the Carthusians. On the re-establishment of his order at Chambéry he resumed his monastic habit there in 1818. He devoted himself to preaching missions and stations in Savoy and France until, in 1821, he was able to re-open the former convent of his order at Crest, Valence. 
Works.
His works comprise: 
De Manne, "Nouveau dictionnaire des ouvrages anonymes," attributes to him an "Essai sur le jeu considéré sous le rapport de la morale et du droit naturel" (Paris, 1835).

</doc>
<doc id="18578929" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18578929" title="Athletics at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Men's decathlon">
Athletics at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Men's decathlon

The men's decathlon at the 2008 Summer Olympics took place between August 21 and 22, at the Beijing National Stadium.
The qualifying standards were 8,000 points (A standard) and 7,700 points (B standard).
Schedule.
All times are China standard time (UTC+8)
Records.
Prior to this competition, the existing world and Olympic records were as follows:

</doc>
<doc id="18578936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18578936" title="Athletics at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Women's heptathlon">
Athletics at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Women's heptathlon

The women's heptathlon at the 2008 Summer Olympics took place between August 15 and 16 at the Beijing National Stadium.
The qualifying standards were 6,000 points (A standard) and 5,800 points (B standard).
Schedule.
All times are China standard time (UTC+8)
Records.
Prior to this competition, the existing world and Olympic records were as follows:
No new world or Olympic records were set for this event.

</doc>
<doc id="18578938" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18578938" title="Martin Andersson">
Martin Andersson

Martin Andersson may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18578943" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18578943" title="Athletics at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Men's triple jump">
Athletics at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Men's triple jump

The men's triple jump at the 2008 Olympic Games took place on 18–21 August at the Beijing Olympic Stadium.
The qualifying standards were 17.10 m (56.1 ft) (A standard) and 16.80 m (55.12 ft) (B standard).
Records.
Prior to this competition, the existing world and Olympic records were as follows.
No new world or Olympic records were set for this event.
Results.
Qualifying round.
Qualifying Performance 17.10 (Q) or at least 12 best performers (q) advance to the Final.

</doc>
<doc id="18578952" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18578952" title="Athletics at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Women's triple jump">
Athletics at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Women's triple jump

The women's triple jump at the 2008 Olympic Games took place on August 15 and 17 at the Beijing Olympic Stadium.
The qualifying standards for the 2008 event were (A standard) and (B standard).
Cameroonian athlete Françoise Mbango Etone won her nation's second individual gold medal in its Olympic history, attaining her best jump at 15.39 metres.
Records.
Prior to this competition, the existing world and Olympic records were as follows.
The following new world and Olympic records were set during this competition.
Results.
Qualifying round.
Qualifying Performance 14.45 (Q) or at least 12 best performers (q) advance to the Final.
Final.
The final was held on August 17.

</doc>
<doc id="18578964" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18578964" title="Athletics at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Women's high jump">
Athletics at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Women's high jump

The women's high jump at the 2008 Olympic Games took place on 21–23 August at the Beijing Olympic Stadium.
The qualifying standards were 1.95 m (A standard) and 1.91 m (B standard).
Records.
Prior to this competition, the existing world and Olympic records were as follows.
No new world or Olympic records were set for this event.
Results.
Qualifying round.
Qualification criteria: 1.96 (Q) or at least 12 best performers (q) advance to the final.
NM - No Mark
Final.
NR = National Record / PB = Personal Best / SB = Season Best
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18578965" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18578965" title="Arizona Sandsharks">
Arizona Sandsharks

Arizona Sandsharks was a U.S. indoor soccer team that played in the Continental Indoor Soccer League (CISL). It was founded in 1992 and folded in 1997, along with the CISL.
Arizona Sandsharks.
The Sandsharks were founded on August 3, 1992 under the ownership of Jerry Colangelo. They were a founding member of the Continental Indoor Soccer League. In 1995, a brawl broke out between the Sandsharks and the visiting Portland Pride. Franklin McIntosh of the Sandsharks continued the fight into the parking lot. When Jerry Colangelo attempted to break up the fight, McIntosh broke Colangelo’s nose. This event proved the breaking point for Colangelo who had suffered through financial losses and a consistently losing team. During the off-season, he sought to sell the team. In 1996, Kerry Dunne and Brian Weymouth purchased the franchise from Colangelo. However, the sale was completed just before the 1996 season so Dunne and Weymouth chose to suspend operations that season. The Sandsharks withdrew from the CISL following the 1997 season. During their four seasons in the CISL, the Sandsharks consistently finished at the bottom of the standings. They were reorganized and renamed the Arizona Thunder, entering the Premier Soccer Alliance in 1998 season.
Honors.
First team All Star
MVP

</doc>
<doc id="18578969" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18578969" title="Steven Thicot">
Steven Thicot

Steven Thicot (born 14 February 1987 in Montreuil, Seine-Saint-Denis) is a French association football player who plays as a central defender or as a defensive midfielder for Liga 1 club Dinamo București.
Club career.
Thicot was trained at the Clairefontaine academy and was part of the France national youth football team that won the 2004 UEFA European Under-17 Football Championship. He signed for Nantes in 2003, but he did not play for their first team. He was loaned to Sedan for the 2006–07 season, for whom he appeared three times in Ligue 1, but he was eventually released by Nantes in June 2008.
Hibernian.
Thicot went on trial with Scottish Premier League club Hibernian, for whom he appeared as a substitute in a pre-season friendly against FC Barcelona. He signed for Hibernian on 29 July 2008, and made his Scottish Premier League debut in the 1–0 defeat at Kilmarnock in early August. Thicot had to be substituted after just 33 minutes due to a thigh injury that kept him out of action for "weeks". He returned to the team in a 2–1 win at Aberdeen, but was again substituted.
Thicot became a regular under Mixu Paatelainen, but the Finnish manager left Hibs at the end of the 2008–09 season. John Hughes, who was appointed to replace Paatelainen, initially gave Thicot fewer opportunities in the team; Thicot made his first appearance of the 2009–10 season in January. Thicot continued to feature in the team infrequently under Colin Calderwood, and was advised in April 2011 that his contract would not be renewed.
Thicot then signed for Portuguese club Naval.

</doc>
<doc id="18578971" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18578971" title="Athletics at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Men's high jump">
Athletics at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Men's high jump

The men's high jump at the 2008 Olympic Games took place on 17–19 August at the Beijing Olympic Stadium.
The qualifying standards were 2.30 m (7.55 ft) (A standard) and 2.27 m (7.45 ft) (B standard).
Notably, reigning world champion Donald Thomas, who cleared 2.32 metres in Osaka 2007, finished only in twenty-first place, but failed to advance into the final round.
Records.
Prior to this competition, the existing world and Olympic records were as follows.
No new world or Olympic records were set for this event.
Results.
Qualifying round.
Qualification Criteria: Qualifying Performance 2.32 (Q) or at least 12 best performers (q) advance to the Final.
Final.
The final was held on August 19.

</doc>
<doc id="18578973" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18578973" title="Qantas Flight 30">
Qantas Flight 30

Qantas Flight 30 (QF30, QFA30) was a Qantas Boeing 747-438, construction number 25067, registered in Australia as VH-OJK. QF30 was a scheduled flight from London Heathrow Airport to Melbourne Airport with a stopover in Hong Kong International Airport on 25 July 2008. The flight was interrupted when an oxygen tank exploded causing a fuselage rupture just forward of the starboard wing root. There were no injuries and the plane made an emergency descent to a breathable altitude of about 10,000 feet and eventually made an emergency landing at Ninoy Aquino International Airport, Metro Manila, Philippines.
In-flight accident.
The flight left Hong Kong on 25 July 2008 shortly after 9:00 am HKT (0100 UTC). At 10:17 HKT (0217 UTC), passengers and crew heard a loud bang; the cabin de-pressurised and a hole in the floor of the passenger deck appeared, as well as a hole in the outside wall of the cargo deck. During the emergency, parts of the aircraft's floor and ceiling collapsed. Passengers reported that, despite the noise and the deployment of the oxygen masks, there was very little panic. The pilots conducted an emergency descent from 29,000 feet to ensure adequate oxygen supply for the passengers, reaching 10,000 feet by 02:24 UTC.
After the accident, numerous passengers said that some oxygen masks did not deploy, whilst others had deteriorated elastic. Consequently, it was reported that one passenger smashed a panel of the ceiling to attempt to gain access to the masks. It was stated that these passengers were deprived of oxygen until the plane was lowered to a breathable altitude. The Australian Transport Safety Bureau interviewed passengers who reported problems with the oxygen masks as part of their investigation.
The hole in the fuselage — roughly in an inverted T-shape — was up to 2.01 m wide and approximately 1.52 m high, located on the right side of the fuselage, below cabin floor level and immediately forward of the wing. The wing-fuselage fairing was missing, revealing some palletised cargo in the hold, however the freight forwarder reported that all items on the manifest were accounted for. Other than some items which were located near the cylinder and resulting hole, no other cargo or baggage on the flight was damaged.
The airline, in a news release, said there were no reports of injuries. A few passengers reportedly displayed signs of nausea upon exiting the aircraft.
Investigation.
The Australian Transport Safety Bureau led the investigation, sending 4 investigators to Manila to conduct a detailed inspection of the aircraft, with Qantas, the USA's National Transportation Safety Board, Federal Aviation Administration, Boeing, the Australian Civil Aviation Safety Authority and the Civil Aviation Authority of the Philippines also involved.
Soon after the accident, the ATSB announced that air safety investigators found that an oxygen cylinder which was located in the area of the explosion hadn't been accounted for, but that it was too early to say that an oxygen cylinder could be the cause of the mid-air explosion on QF30. Regardless, the Civil Aviation Safety Authority ordered Qantas to inspect all of its oxygen cylinders and brackets which hold the cylinders on its Boeing 747 fleet. The valve and mounting brackets were found, but not the bottle, number four of thirteen fitted in that bank. A senior investigator, Neville Blyth, reported that the cylinder valve was found inside the cabin, having punched a hole "at least twenty centimetres in diameter" through the cabin floor.
Blyth said that the flight recorders were to be analysed in the Canberra laboratories of the ATSB. However, because the plane had remained airborne and operational throughout the incident, the cockpit voice recorder does not contain records of the initial event itself; its two hour memory had been overwritten with recordings taking place after this event, during the diversion and landing. The twenty-four hour flight data recorder does contain data covering the entire incident.
On 29 August, the ATSB gave an update confirming further aspects of the initial investigation. They stated that these initial investigations had found that the aircraft took about five and a half minutes to descend from the decompression event at 29,000 feet to the altitude of 10,000 feet and that it appeared that part of an oxygen cylinder and its valve had entered the passenger cabin, then impacted with the number 2 right door handle, turning it part way. The ATSB noted that there was no risk of the door being opened by this movement, with the door systems performing as designed. All three of the aircraft's instrument landing systems as well as the anti-skid braking system were unavailable for the landing; the pilots subsequently landed the aircraft without using those systems. Most of the oxygen masks deployed in the incident, with 426 out of the 476 deployed being activated by the 346 passengers, pulling them down to activate the flow of oxygen.
Preliminary findings.
The cause of the accident has been determined to be an exploding oxygen tank in the cargo area, according to a preliminary finding of the Australian Transport Safety Bureau:
"After clearing the baggage and cargo from the forward aircraft hold, it was evident that one passenger oxygen cylinder (number-4 from a bank of seven cylinders along the right side of the cargo hold) had sustained a sudden failure and forceful discharge of its pressurised contents into the aircraft hold, rupturing the fuselage in the vicinity of the wing-fuselage leading edge fairing. The cylinder had been propelled upward by the force of the discharge, puncturing the cabin floor and entering the cabin adjacent to the second main cabin door. The cylinder had subsequently impacted the door frame, door handle and overhead panelling, before falling to the cabin floor and exiting the aircraft through the ruptured fuselage."
Other safety concerns.
Oxygen masks that were deployed after the blast failed to function properly. Some passengers were forced to share a mask when the Qantas Boeing 747 ran into trouble, while others panicked when they failed to open. The FAA had recently issued airworthiness directives regarding problems with the masks on this and several other Boeing commercial aircraft models.
The ATSB issued two "Safety Advisory Notices", advising responsible organisations to review procedures, equipment, techniques and personnel qualifications for maintenance, inspection and handling of aviation oxygen cylinders.
ATSB Final Report.
Just over two years after the incident, the final report of the event was released on 22 November 2010.
From the summary released by the ATSB:
"On 25 July 2008, a Boeing Company 747-438 aircraft carrying 369 passengers and crew rapidly depressurised following the forceful rupture of one of the aircraft's emergency oxygen cylinders in the forward cargo hold. The aircraft was cruising at 29,000 ft and was 55 minutes into a flight between Hong Kong and Melbourne."
"Following an emergency descent to 10,000 ft, the flight crew diverted the aircraft to Ninoy Aquino International Airport, Manila, Philippines, where it landed safely. None of the passengers or crew sustained any physical injury."
"A team of investigators, led by the Australian Transport Safety Bureau (ATSB) and including representatives from the US National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB), the US Federal Aviation Authority (FAA), Boeing and the Civil Aviation Authority of the Philippines (CAAP) examined the aircraft on the ground in Manila. From that work, it was evident that the oxygen cylinder (number-4 in a bank along the right side of the forward cargo hold) had burst in such a way as to rupture the adjacent fuselage wall and be propelled upwards; puncturing the cabin floor and impacting the frame and handle of the R2 door and the overhead cabin panelling. No part of the cylinder (other than the valve assembly) was recovered and it was presumed lost from the aircraft during the depressurisation."
"The ATSB undertook a close and detailed study of the cylinder type, including a review of all possible failure scenarios and an engineering evaluation of other cylinders from the same production batch and of the type in general. It was evident that the cylinder had failed by bursting through, or around the base - allowing the release of pressurised contents to project it vertically upwards. While it was hypothesised that the cylinder may have contained a defect or flaw, or been damaged in a way that promoted failure, there was no evidence found to support such a finding. Nor was there any evidence found to suggest the cylinders from the subject production batch, or the type in general, were in any way predisposed to premature failure."
Repairs.
Structural repairs of the aircraft were conducted in Manila by Boeing. It was ferried to Avalon on 10 November 2008. The original captain and first officer were part of the ferry crew. The only work that remained to be done at that point was replacement of the carpets and seat covers. On 18 November 2008, with all work complete, the aircraft was damaged again when another Qantas Boeing 747 collided with it at Avalon.
The aircraft was eventually returned to service on 15 January 2009 but retired from service at the end of 2009.
IFALPA.
In early 2010, IFALPA, the International Federation of Air Line Pilots' Associations awarded the Polaris Award to the three pilots involved in this incident.

</doc>
<doc id="18578982" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18578982" title="2008 Bangalore serial blasts">
2008 Bangalore serial blasts

2008 Bangalore serial blasts occurred on 25 July 2008 in Bangalore, India. A series of nine bombs exploded in which two people were killed and 20 injured. According to the Bangalore City Police, the blasts were caused by low-intensity crude bombs triggered by timers.
Bangalore is the information technology hub of India with more than 40% of the country's IT and software industry based there. India already suffered from a similar series of blasts in Jaipur, in May 2008.
"The Times of India" has reported that either the banned organisation Students Islamic Movement of India or the militant organisation Lashkar-e-Toiba could be behind these blasts. The Intelligence Bureau is not ruling out the involvement of these organisations, however the police maintain that it is too early to attribute blame to anyone.
This was followed by the 2008 Ahmedabad serial blasts occurring on 26 July 2008
The bombings.
It was initially reported that three blasts took place at around 1:30 pm IST. Later reports indicated that four low-intensity blasts occurred: One at Nayandahalli (1:30 PM IST), two in Madiwala (at 1:50 pm IST), and the last in Adugodi (2:10 pm). Other blasts were reported from areas including the Mallya hospital, Langford Road and Richmond Circle. The Madiwala blast took place at a check post, behind The Forum, a popular shopping mall in Bangalore.
It has been reported that gelatin sticks were used in the bombs. Police indicated that all bombs had timer devices attached to them and that mobile phones were used to trigger the bombs. The blasts were low-intensity but occurred in crowded areas.
There was another Bomb found on 26 July 2008 in Bangalore near Koramangala Forum Mall which was defused successfully by the Bomb Detection Squad.
Casualties.
Current reports indicate that two people have been killed and 20 injured.
One of the confirmed dead was a woman waiting at a bus shelter in Madiwala on the Hosur road; her husband and another person were seriously injured. The injured have been admitted to the St. Johns Hospital.
In response to the attack Prime Minister Singh sanctioned an ex gratia payment of Rs one lakh to the relatives of those dead and Rs 50,000 to those injured in the blasts.
Reactions.
President Pratibha Patil, the Prime Minister, Manmohan Singh, Leader of the opposition L. K. Advani, Vice-President Hamid Ansari, Chief Minister of Karnataka, B. S. Yeddyurappa all condemned the violence and appealed for calm and communal harmony.
All India Anna Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam (AIADMK) general secretary J. Jayalalithaa called for the revival of special act like POTA to effectively counter terrorists and extremist outfits. The All India Muslim Forum also "strongly condemned" the attack.
Impacts.
Calls by concerned and panicked citizens resulted in the telephone networks being jammed. Malls, schools and cinema halls across the city were shut down, and the police cordoned off the blast sites.
The effect of the blast on the Sensex was immediately visible with losses exceeding 3.5% reported on Friday after the Bangalore blasts. The 30-share BSE index was down 3.7%, or 529.28 points at 14,228.81, with 23 components in the red. The 50-issue NSE index was down 2.9 percent at 4,305.30.
The government has issued a statement that IT companies in Bangalore were not the target of the blast. Major IT companies based in Bangalore like Wipro and Infosys have reported no impact on their operations and all employees as safe. However, employees were urged to leave for home early. A new security plan for IT and other industries was announced by Minister for Home Affairs Shivraj Patil immediately after the Bangalore serial blasts. Under the new amendment of law Central Industrial Security Force personnel could be used to safeguard private sector industries which till now was limited to public sector undertakings (PSUs).
Investigation.
No one has claimed responsibility for the bombings. The Bangalore Police Commissioner, Shankar Bidari, termed the blasts "an act of miscreants" trying to disturb peace in the city. The Union Home Ministry of India named the Pakistan-based Lashkar-e-Toiba and Students Islamic Movement of India, as the suspects.
The Bangalore Police said that attack "bore some hallmarks" of the Bangladesh-based militant group Harkat-ul-Jihad-al-Islami (HuJI).
The Central Government of India had warned the Karnataka state government one day earlier that state was high on the terror hitlist along with six other Indian states – Andhra Pradesh, Rajasthan, Uttar Pradesh, Maharashtra, Punjab, and Assam – and Union Territory Delhi.
There is a possible connection with the Andhra and Varanasi attacks. An official was quoted as saying "The aim of these groups, whether HuJI or LeT or Simi, is clear. Bangalore and Hyderabad are being chosen as targets to create panic in the US as the cities house biggest IT companies from the US."
The Andhra – Karnataka link involves Raziuddin Nasir, a Hyderabad resident, and his aide Hafiz Khan Adnan from Bangalore, were arrested near Hubli in Karnataka this year. Furthermore, another clear link between the terror elements in both blasts is the explosive material used. In the Bangalore blasts an explosive with an ammonium nitrate base was used, while in the Gokul Chat and Lumbini Park explosions in Hyderabad a similar ammonium nitrate base was used. These were also of low intensity with the aim of creating panic. Like the Malegaon and Mecca Masjid blasts, it took place on a Friday during or just after the prayers. In response to these blasts security was also beefed up in Andhra Pradesh.
It was also reported that sleeper cells have gained a firm foothold in Karnataka with the discovery of terror camps in the Karnataka forest early in the year. In this vein, near-simultaneous blasts – all having the footprint of the jehadi network that had carried out blasts in Varanasi, Jaipur, Mumbai and elsewhere – point to the strong foothold terrorists have made in the city.
On 29 July, the Bangalore police Anti Terrorism Squad (ATS) arrested a SIMI activist named Sameer Sadiq in connection with the blasts. According to the police, Sadiq had played a key role in the Surat riots. He was staying at Gurapanapalya in Bangalore, the area which incidentally housed the SIMI office before it had been banned.
On 30 July 2008, the Intelligence Bureau (IB) indicated that two men – Rasool Khan Parti and Mohammad Sufiya Ahmed Patangiya – currently living at Farahan Arcade Gulistan in Karachi were the masterminds behind the Ahmedabad and the Bangalore serial blasts. They used to reside in Hyderabad, Andhra Pradesh. Both are possibly members of Harkat-ul-Jihad-al-Islami. The Gujarat Police has been looking for them in connection to the murder of former Gujarat state minister Haren Pandya.
On December 2009, two Lashkar-e-Taiba terrorists including Lashkar's South India commander Thadiyantevide Nasir were arrested by the Indian Forces from the Bangladesh border. Interrogation of them lead to significant evidences to the serial blasts in several Indian cities in 2008 especially the Bangalore blasts. Nasir's arrest paved way for the arrest of several Muslim youth from Kerala involved in terrorism, as well as evidences for terror links of Kerala politician Abdul Nasser Madani. His wife Soofiya Madani was arrested by Kerala Police on 19 December 2009 on the ground that she had taken an active role in Kalamassery Tamil Nadu state transportation corporation bus burning case. She has also confessed to Kerala Police, her involvement in organising the bus burning and planting bomb near coimbatore press club in retaliation to poor treatment of her husband in coimbatore jail. The main accused in the case,T Nasir, an Islamik sevak sangh activist (wing of PDP) turned Lashkar-e-Taiba terrorist is said to had actively coordinated and obtained endorsement from Soofiya Madani. T Nazir is involved in the cases ranging from the attempted murder of former kerala chief minister K Nayanar to the recent Bangalore bomb blast for which he is under custody of Karnataka police. Bangalore police has already obtained ample proof that T Nazir and his associates like Abdul Sattar has good link with Madani family. These sequence of events has brought serious question to Kerala's position holding the image of a good secular fabric in its society.

</doc>
<doc id="18578985" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18578985" title="1975 Australian Sports Car Championship">
1975 Australian Sports Car Championship

The 1975 Australian Sports Car Championship was a CAMS sanctioned national motor racing title for drivers of Group A Sports Cars and Group D Production Sports Cars. The championship was contested over a single race staged at the Phillip Island circuit in Victoria on 30 November 1975. The race was run over 30 laps of the 4.76 km circuit, a total of 143 km. Of 58 entries, 40 started the event and 20 were classified as finishers. 
This was the only Australian Sports Car Championship in the twenty-year history of the title to be contested over a single race rather than over a series of races.
Results.
Ten other drivers are known to have participated but identities are uncertain.

</doc>
<doc id="18578995" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18578995" title="No'am">
No'am

No'am (, "lit." Pleasantness) is a religious moshav in south-central Israel and named after the Biblical book Proverbs 3:17: The Wisdom - "Her ways are ways of pleasantness". 
Located in Hevel Lakhish, it falls under the jurisdiction of Shafir Regional Council. In 2006 it had a population of 430.
The village was established in 1955 by Hapoel HaMizrachi. The first residents were immigrants from North Africa, most of whom were from Morocco. They were later joined by more immigrants from Iran and Iraq.

</doc>
<doc id="18579003" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18579003" title="The Good Companions (1956 film)">
The Good Companions (1956 film)

The Good Companions is a 1956 British musical film directed by J. Lee Thompson and starring Eric Portman. It is based on the novel of the same name and is a remake of the 1933 film version.

</doc>
<doc id="18579010" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18579010" title="Nico Jungmann">
Nico Jungmann

Nicolaas Wilhelm Jungmann (in England frequently spelled Jungman; 5 February 1872 – 14 August 1935) was an Anglo-Dutch painter of landscapes and figural subjects, a book-illustrator and decorator.
Life.
Jungmann was born in Amsterdam, where he was apprenticed to a church painter, and studied at the Rijksakademie. He came to London about 1893 on a scholarship and became a naturalized British subject, returning to Holland frequently, to paint in Volendam. In 1900 Jungmann married Beatrix Mackay with whom he had three children, Loyd, Zita (1903-2006) and Teresa (nicknamed "Baby") (1907-2010). As a naturalised Briton, he was interned by German forces during the First World War, which led eventually to the break-up of his marriage. Jungmann made several painting excursions to Brittany and Holland with his friend and fellow-painter Charles W. Bartlett. He illustrated topographical books on "Holland" (1904) and "Norway" (1905) for which his wife Beatrix wrote the text, as well as one on "Normandy" (1905) with a text by Geraldine Edith Mitton. He died, aged 63, in London.
Beatrix.
After their divorce in 1918, Beatrix remarried to become the second wife (or third wife, counting an annulment) of Richard Guinness (1873-1949) from the banking branch of the Guinness family. She stood godmother in 1931 to the infant Patrick Guinness (1931-1965), son of her husband's nephew Thomas "Loel" Guinness and his first wife Hon Joan Yarde-Buller (later Pss Aly Khan).
His daughters Zita and Teresa became famous as two of the original "Bright Young People" in the 1920s, and both lived to 102. Teresa married Graham Cuthbertson in 1940 and had two children, Penelope and Richard.

</doc>
<doc id="18579021" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18579021" title="Clara, County Kilkenny">
Clara, County Kilkenny

Clara () is a Catholic Parish in the Diocese of Ossory (Roman Catholic): also one of the Civil parishes in Ireland. Both parishes are located in County Kilkenny in the Republic of Ireland. 
Clara Catholic Parish.
The Catholic Parish of Clara in the Diocese of Ossory was created "c"1852 from the old Catholic parish of Gowran. 
Clara church Parish consists of the Civil Parishes of:
Clara Civil Parish.
The civil parish may consist of around one thousand inhabitants, and is situated three miles east of Kilkenny city.
Clara civil parish consists of the following townlands: 
Notable Places and People.
Saint Colman's church is situated at the centre of the parishes and Saint Colman is considered the patron saint of Clara. St.Colman's church is actually located just within Rathgarvan townland and not the neighbouring townland of Churchclara, wherein lie the remains of the old church of Clara. 
Clara is also home to Clara Castle, a six-storey tower house built in the fifteenth century by the Shortall family.
Sport.
The civil parish is home to the Clara GAA club, which has produced some famous inter-county hurlers such as Jim Langton, Paddy Prendergast, Lester Ryan and Harry Ryan.
One of the team's milestones in sport came in 1986, when they won their first Senior Hurling Championship.
More recently, they won the 2013 Senior Hurling Championship.

</doc>
<doc id="18579036" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18579036" title="Aéroport du Grand Ouest">
Aéroport du Grand Ouest

The Aéroport du Grand Ouest Project is a planned new airport, to be situated to the north-west of the French city of Nantes in the "commune" of Notre-Dame-des-Landes. It is intended that the new airport will replace Nantes Atlantique Airport as the airport for Nantes, but also serve as an international gateway for western France.
The €580 million project was approved in February 2008, with construction expected to start in 2014 and an opening date in 2017. Initially the airport will have a capacity of four million passengers a year, increasing to nine million by 2050. This compares with the current capacity at Nantes Atlantique of three million passengers a year, a capacity that it is claimed cannot be increased because of the proximity of the airport to the city centre (a distance of only ). Opponents claim that Nantes Atlantique can increase its capacity to 4 millions passengers a year.
The new airport will have two runways, and will be linked to the French motorway and rail networks.
The airport has been met with strong opposition, notably led by The Greens, Ségolène Royal and Arnaud Montebourg, even though the French Socialist Party supports it. Also various groups have set up numerous protest camps and squats around the area that will be build upon known as the ZAD or ""Zone À Défendre"" which means zone to be defended in English.

</doc>
<doc id="18579045" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18579045" title="List of mosques in Asia">
List of mosques in Asia

This is a list of mosques in Asia.

</doc>
<doc id="18579046" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18579046" title="Salt Shaker (song)">
Salt Shaker (song)

"Salt Shaker" is a crunk music song released by rap group the Ying Yang Twins featuring Lil Jon and The East Side Boyz. It was released on their third studio album, "Me & My Brother" (2003). The song was released as the album's second single. It reached the top ten in the United States, reaching #9.
In the United States, "Salt Shaker" has become the biggest hit of the Ying Yang Twins' career, debuting in the top 10 at #9 on February 14, 2004 and staying there for two weeks.
The official remix featured Lil Jon and The East Side Boyz, Murphy Lee, Fat Joe & Juvenile. There is an official extended remix that the above artists and additional verses by Fatman Scoop, Jacki-O, B.G., & Pitbull. There is also a remix on DJ Drama's Gangsta Grillz X with Big Boi & Snoop Dogg.

</doc>
<doc id="18579049" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18579049" title="Hevel Lakhish">
Hevel Lakhish

Hevel Lakhish (, lit. "Lakhish Region") is an area of south-central Israel. Part of the southern Shephelah, it is located between the Judean Mountains and the Mediterranean Sea and is named after the Biblical city of Lachish.
Before the 1948 Arab-Israeli War, three kibbutzim were founded in the area - Gal On, Gat and Negba. Between 1955 and 1961 twenty more settlements were established.
The area is covered by three regional councils - Lakhish, Shafir and Yoav - and one city council, Kiryat Gat. In the year 2009 70,200 people lived in the region, 100% of them Jews.

</doc>
<doc id="18579055" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18579055" title="1953 VFL Grand Final">
1953 VFL Grand Final

The 1953 VFL Grand Final was an Australian rules football game contested between the Geelong Football Club and Collingwood Football Club, held at the Melbourne Cricket Ground on 26 September 1953. It was the 57th annual Grand Final of the Victorian Football League, staged to determine the premiers for the 1953 VFL season. The match, attended by 89,060 spectators, was won by Collingwood by 12 points, marking that club's 12th premiership victory.
This was the third successive Grand Final appearance for the Cats, who were attempting to win three successive flags after having defeated Essendon in the 1951 VFL Grand Final and Collingwood in the 1952 VFL Grand Final. Collingwood had not won a premiership since winning the 1936 VFL Grand Final.
In round 14 of the 1953 season, Collingwood defeated Geelong to end their record 23 game winning streak (26 games unbeaten). Collingwood won again when the sides battled in the Semi Final, and in the Grand Final defeated Geelong for the third time in the year. Geelong had the better of the final quarter, but inaccuracy cost them.
Collingwood's full-back Jack Hamilton and Geelong's dual premiership player Russell Middlemiss were missing through injury.
It wouldn't be until another 58 years that these two teams would meet each other again in the Grand Final (which Geelong won).

</doc>
<doc id="18579057" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18579057" title="Beta-titanium">
Beta-titanium

Beta-titanium is an alloy of titanium.
Properties.
Beta-titanium alloys exhibit the BCC allotropic form of titanium (called beta). Elements used in this alloy are one or more of the following other than titanium in varying amounts. These are molybdenum, vanadium, niobium, tantalum, zirconium, manganese, iron, chromium, cobalt, nickel, and copper.
The titanium alloys have excellent formability and can be easily welded.
Use.
Beta-titanium alloy is nowadays largely utilized in the orthodontic field and was adopted for orthodontics use in the 1980s. This type of alloy replaced stainless steel for certain uses, as stainless steel had dominated orthodontics since the 1960s. It has strength/modulus of elasticity ratios almost twice those of 18-8 austenitic stainless steel, larger elastic deflections in springs, and reduced force per unit displacement 2.2 times below those of stainless steel appliances. 

</doc>
<doc id="18579061" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18579061" title="Ismael Mathay Sr. High School">
Ismael Mathay Sr. High School

The Ismael Mathay, Sr. High School, formerly called the GSIS Village High School, is a high school situated in Quezon City, Philippines and more popularly known as the IMSHS, or simply, Mathay. The students and alumni are dubbed the "Ismaelians". The Village Bounty is the high school official publication formed in 1971 by the pioneer students.
History.
In 1971 parents in GSIS Village, Project 8, Quezon City petitioned for a high school within the village so that their children would not have to travel into the city for school. Later that year the city government approved refurbishment of the second floor of the GSIS Village public market ("palengke") to form an eight-room school, the GSIS Village High School. The original location was at 
The GSIS Village High School was originally headed by Regina I. Novales (1971-73). She was replaced by Jose V. Aguilar with a title of division supervisor-in-charge in 1974.
In 1976, the "palengke" and the school with it were gutted by a blaze.
While Ismael A. Mathay, Jr. was Mayor of Quezon City (1992-2001), the GSIS Village High School was renamed after his late father, lawyer Ismael Mathay Sr.
Ismael Mathay, Sr..
Ismael Mathay, Sr. was a Filipino statesman. In 1944, he was appointed by Sergio Osmeña, second President of the Commonwealth of the Philippines as Commissioner of Budget and Finance for the War Cabinet (1944-45) and later as Secretary of the Budget (1945-46). In the 1960s, Ismael Mathay, Sr. held a position of auditor general, board director, and general manager of the National Marketing Corporation. He studied law and was admitted to the Philippine Bar on 16 January 1925.

</doc>
<doc id="18579078" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18579078" title="Amatán">
Amatán

As of 2005, the municipality had a total population of 18.775.
It covers an area of 109.3 km².

</doc>
<doc id="18579086" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18579086" title="João Afonso da Costa de Sousa de Macedo, 1st Duke of Albuquerque">
João Afonso da Costa de Sousa de Macedo, 1st Duke of Albuquerque

"Dom" João Afonso da Costa de Sousa de Macedo (February 11, 1815 – September 24, 1890) was the 2nd Count of Mesquitela and 1st Duke of Albuquerque. Born and died in Lisbon, he was son of Luís da Costa de Sousa de Macedo e Albuquerque, the 1st Count of Mesquitela and Maria Inácia de Saldanha Oliveira e Daun, from the family of Marquis of Pombal.
Biography.
After his studies in the Nobility College ("Colégio dos Nobres") in Lisbon, he travelled around Europe (visiting Spain, France, and England) and was nominee attaché to the Portuguese embassy in Paris.
After his father’s death in 1853, he returned to Portugal and he became 2nd Count of Mesquitela and 4th Viscount of Mesquitela, joining the Chamber of Peers (the upper House of the 19th Century Portuguese Parliament).
He escorted Princess Stephanie of Hohenzollern-Sigmaringen during her disembarkation when she arrived in Lisbon to marry King Pedro V of Portugal. He had the same honour when Princess Maria Pia of Savoy landed in Lisbon to marry King Luis I of Portugal.
In 1870, he was invited to be Foreign Minister in the government of the Duke of Saldanha, who promised him the title of Duke. As he was not a politician, he refused both the post and the title.
He was a remarkable and very considered person in Portuguese society, and King Luis I of Portugal, by a royal decree dated from May 19, 1886, granted him the title of Duke of Albuquerque.
He did not marry nor had any issue.
Other Titles.
He was peerage both in United Kingdom and in Portugal:
Bibliography.
"Nobreza de Portugal e Brasil" - Vol II, page 215. Published by Zairol Lda., Lisbon 1989

</doc>
<doc id="18579090" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18579090" title="Elov Persson">
Elov Persson

Elov Persson (10 July 1894 – 9 July 1970) was a Swedish cartoonist and comic artist who created of one of Sweden's most popular comic strips, "Kronblom".
Born in Hästbo, a dispersed settlement in Hofors Municipality, Gävleborg County, Elov Persson created "Kronblom" in 1927 and the strip was published in the Swedish magazine "Vårt Hem". A year after the creation of "Kronblom", Persson created another comic strip, "August och Lotta" ["August and Lotta"]. "Kronblom" was such a part of Sweden's popular culture that two live-action film versions were produced, "Kronblom" in 1947 and "Kronblom Kommer till Stan" in 1949, with popular star Ludde Gentzel, 62 years old at the time of the first film's production, playing the slow-moving, but quick-thinking title character. Persson appeared in the first film playing an unbilled cameo as himself.
Elov Persson died in his native Gävleborg County's Torsåker Parish, one day before his 76th birthday. In subsequent years, his son Gunnar continued "Kronblom", while "August och Lotta" was continued by his other son, Ingvar.

</doc>
<doc id="18579096" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18579096" title="Mark Sheeran">
Mark Sheeran

Mark Sheeran (born 9 September 1982 in Newcastle upon Tyne, England) is a former English professional football striker who played 32 league games scoring 6 times in three years for Darlington between the years of 2001–2004.
External links.
Previous club Spennymoor Town in the Northern League, 
Season 2011-12 playing for Red House Farm FC in the Northern Football Alliance Division Two

</doc>
<doc id="18579098" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18579098" title="Hilarius of Sexten">
Hilarius of Sexten

Hilarius of Sexten (secular name Christian Gatterer) (born 1839, in the valley of Sexten in the county of Tyrol; died 20 October 1900) was an Austrian Capuchin moral theologian.
Life.
After a course of studies at Brixen, he entered the Capuchin Franciscan Order in 1858 and was ordained priest in 1862. Having labored in parochial duties for some years, he was appointed to teach moral theology at Meran in 1872. Both secular and regular clergy consulted him in difficult cases.
In 1882 he was appointed examiner of confessors for the Diocese of Trent. He fulfilled many offices in his order, being at different times lector, guardian, definitor, and minister-provincial. In this last office, which he filled 1889-1892, he accepted for his province of the Tyrol a missionary district in India.
Works.
At the special command of the general of the order, he published his "Compendium Theologiae Moralis" (Meran, 1889). Later, at the request of the clergy, he published a "Tractatus de Sacramentis", and a "Tractatus de Censuris". His somewhat original treatment of his subjects did not gain universal approval, but his works had a wide sale, especially in Germany and Austria.
He also contributed many articles to the "Linzer Quartalschrift".

</doc>
<doc id="18579107" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18579107" title="Amatenango de la Frontera">
Amatenango de la Frontera

As of 2005, the municipality had a total population of 26,094, with 666 in the municipal seat. 
It covers an area of 171.4 km² and is a part of Mexico's border with Guatemala. 

</doc>
<doc id="18579113" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18579113" title="Bavarian C II">
Bavarian C II

The Bavarian C II was an early German steam locomotive operated by the Royal Bavarian State Railways ("Königlich Bayerische Staatsbahn").
Articulated variant ("Stütztender").
The first C IIs were built experimentally as articulated locomotives. The concept was based on an idea that had been developed by Wilhelm von Engerth (c.f. the Engerth locomotive), whereby the boiler barrel was supported by the tender - sometimes called a "Stütztender" or 'supported tender'. Because the engines did not ride smoothly however, they were converted in 1870. Initially the Stütztender was removed and, in order to balance out the uneven weight distribution on the axles, the first axle was uncoupled, so that the locomotives had a 1B axle arrangement. When, after a few years, the boiler had to be replaced, it was positioned further forward to enable a better distribution of weight. As a result the former articulated locomotives were then the same as the standard C II locomotives and became six-coupled again.. A total of five were built by Maffei. They were named: HERCULES, HECTOR, ACHILLES, AJAX and THESEUS.
Standard variant.
The C II locomotives were needed to handle the growth in goods traffic. The standard variant of the C II series was built as an 0-6-0 engine with a 4-wheeled tender. It was derived from the Class CI.1 and was given an external locomotive frame, horizontal outside cylinders, an internal Stephenson valve gear and a 'long-necked crank' ("Langhalskurbel"). The transition from boiler barrel to outer firebox had been tapered so that it could fit between the rear axle. Instead of a driver's cab, these locos were given a weather shield ("Wetterschirm"), similar to those on present-day motorbikes. Their retirement began in 1891 and was complete by the end of the 1920s. Several examples went as wartime reparations to France and Belgium.
They were equipped with a Bavarian 2 T 9,25 tender.

</doc>
<doc id="18579122" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18579122" title="Amatenango del Valle">
Amatenango del Valle

As of 2005, the municipality had a total population of 6,559, with 3,351 in the municipal seat. 
It covers an area of 236 km².
History.
The territory of the municipality was originally settled during the Classic Period of pre-Hispanic Mesoamerica by a group of Tzeltal settlers. Their settlement, in 1486, was invaded by Aztec troops under Tiltototl. In 1528, following the Spanish Conquest, an "encomienda" was established in the area.

</doc>
<doc id="18579132" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18579132" title="Agra Fort railway station">
Agra Fort railway station

Agra Fort Railway Station, is located near Agra Fort, in Rawatpara, Agra. It used to be one of the stations in India that had both broad gauge and metre gauge, until the line to Jaipur was converted to broad gauge. Agra Fort Railway Station comes under the North Central Railways.
Overview.
Agra, the 16-17th century capital of the Mughals, is home to monuments such as the Taj Mahal and Agra Fort.The Taj Mahal attracts 2-4 million tourists annually. About 200,000 foreign tourists visit it.
History.
The wide metre gauge Delhi-Bandikui and Bandikui-Agra lines of Rajputana State Railway were opened in 1874.The Agra-Jaipur line was converted to wide broad gauge in 2005.
There was a spacious, octagonal Tripolia Chowk which existed between the Jama Masjid and the Delhi gate of the Agra Fort. This Tropolia was destroyed in order to create the Agra Fort Railway Station, which was also the first Railway Station of Agra and also one of the oldest in the country.
Electrification.
The Faridabad-Mathura-Agra section was electrified in 1982-85, Tundla-Yamuna Bridge in 1998-99 and Yamuna Bridge-Agra in 1990-91.
Passengers.
Agra Fort railway station serves around 87,000 passengers everyday.
Amenities.
Agra Cantt. railway station has telephone booth, waiting room, retiring room, refreshment rooms, water coolers and book stall.
Taxis, auto-rickshaws and cycle-rickshaws are available for local movement. Distance: Taj Mahal 3.8 km, Agra Fort 0.9 km, Sikandra 10.4 km, Fatehpur Sikri 38 km, Agra airport 3.8 km.

</doc>
<doc id="18579137" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18579137" title="British Academy Television Award for Best Actress">
British Academy Television Award for Best Actress

1960s.
Notes: 
Multiple wins for BAFTA TV Award for Best Actress.
4 wins
3 wins
2 wins
Multiple nominations.
7 noms
6 noms
4 noms
3 noms
2 noms
Note: Julie Walters' two mentions in 2010, count as two separate nominations.

</doc>
<doc id="18579143" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18579143" title="Tanin'iver">
Tanin'iver

Tanin'iver is evil cosmic entity expounded in the kabbalistic teachings of Moses Cordovero and subsequent writings based on his system. He is the steed of Lilith, so he is considered a mechanism by which evil is activated. Though Tanin'iver is castrated (echoing a fable about the Yetzer ha-Ra), he is still the catalyst for the coupling of Lilith with Samael, a union that brings pestilence into the world.

</doc>
<doc id="18579144" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18579144" title="Vile (surname)">
Vile (surname)

Vile is a British surname which may refer to:
The origin of the name is most likely from Danish a village or coastal area of Denmark that still exists today and named after the Norse pagan god Vile (Vili) the brother of Oden who created the earth with their brother Vi.
Other than Latin or French corruptions of the name Vile there is no real evidence of the surname in Britain prior to the 17th century. At the end of the 17th century there is a lot of evidence of an influx of people named Vile in areas of Somerset, South Wales, London and indeed to the USA and other British colonies including India.
France in 1685 decided to throw out their protestant "Huguenots", some 500,000 people were effected. 
It is well known that the "Norse" population of southern Europe favored the protestant teaching of Luther and Calvin this would have branded them for expulsion.
In Somerset the influx of Huguenot immigrants named Vile coincides with the dreadful events of 1685 and the Monmouth uprising. The subsequent murder and enslavement of hundreds if not thousands of Somerset men under the order of James the 2nd, John Churchill and Judge Jeffreys. Somerset was deprived of a generation of breadwinners and desperately needed to replace them, the Huguenots were welcomed with open arms. 

</doc>
<doc id="18579145" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18579145" title="Ladislav Kopřiva">
Ladislav Kopřiva

Ladislav Kopřiva was a Czechoslovak communist during the era of Gottwald, after the Communist Party of Czechoslovakia took control of the country during a 1948 coup. His position was Minister of National Security, and he was largely responsible for a series of purges of party members, such as Czech Vice Premier Rudolf Slánský, stating that "Our Czechoslovak traitors . .. can be compared with Russia's Trotsky ... Our conspiracies are not extraordinary, but only further evidence that our country is subject to the same laws of socialistic development as the Soviet Union."
Kopřiva soon fell out of favor; he was "voluntarily" relieved in late January 1952, to be replaced by Karol Bacílek, who would initiate yet more purges.
Like many high communist officials out of favor, he was soon the scapegoat of many a mistake; in April 1963 he was expelled from the party because of his role in the purges after the findings of the Kolder Report, which partly rehabilitated many of those purged.
Sources.
http://www.time.com/time/magazine/article/0,9171,822054,00.html

</doc>
<doc id="18579150" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18579150" title="Ángel Albino Corzo">
Ángel Albino Corzo

Ángel Albino Corzo is one of the 119 municipalities of Chiapas, in southern Mexico.
Its municipal seat is the town of Jaltenango de la Paz.
As of 2005, the municipality had a total population of 21,848. It covers an area of 1748.81 km². 
The municipality was created on 24 February 1933 during the administration of Governor Victórico R. Grajales. It was named for 19th-century Chiapas politician Ángel Albino Corzo (after whom Chiapa de Corzo was also renamed).

</doc>
<doc id="18579156" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18579156" title="International Hotel Management Institute Switzerland">
International Hotel Management Institute Switzerland

IMI University Centre in Switzerland is a private, International Management Institute founded in 1991. It offers International Hospitality courses in Hotel,Event, Restaurant, European Culinary and Tourism management at undergraduate level, all validated by Manchester Metropolitan University in the UK as well as a MBA in International Hospitality Management.   
As of January 2014 MAs in Event and Tourism Management and a new Luzern MBA with a choice of four specialisations will be available in addition to new undergraduate and postgraduate courses in Global Business Management.   
IMI graduates can be found in Senior Management positions all around the Globe. 
Brief history.
In August 1991 the International Management Institute was founded at the Hotel Waldstaetten in Weggis with 55 students. By 1995 180 students per semester were being taught at IMI. In 1997 the current campus was launched in Kastanienbaum 12 bus minutes away from Lucerne. Today, over 240 students are studying each academic semester at IMI which means the capacity of the current campus has been reached.
Campuses.
IMI Campus.
IMI Kastanienbaum is overlooked by Pilatus (mountain) and is situated on the banks of Lake Lucerne.
Hotel Central.
IMI University Centre has rented the three star Hotel Central in the centre of Luzern to accommodate its students.
New Campus.
A new campus is being built in Kriens capable of accommodating 500 students. It is a new purpose built campus in a newly developed area called Eichof West. It will be ready in 2016.

</doc>
<doc id="18579168" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18579168" title="Mark Kilty">
Mark Kilty

Mark Kilty (born 24 June 1981 in Sunderland, England) is a former English professional football defender who played 23 league games scoring 1 time in 5 years for Darlington between the years of 1998–2003 after his career was ended due to a cruciate knee ligament injury.
He graduated from the University of Salford in 2009 with a degree in Physiotherapy 
Honours.
As a player.
Darlington
As a student.
Member of TOCK 2006-2009

</doc>
<doc id="18579171" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18579171" title="Mannerheim Museum">
Mannerheim Museum

The Mannerheim Museum is located in Helsinki, Finland. It is dedicated to preserving and displaying items related to the life and times of Carl Gustaf Emil Mannerheim, a Finnish statesman and military officer. The Mannerheim Museum is located on top of a hill in a prestigious residential area next to the Kaivopuisto park in Helsinki. The building was the home of Mannerheim from 1924 to 1951. With the exception of a few rooms that have been converted for exhibition purposes, his home has been preserved in its original state.
History of the building.
The building was originally constructed in 1874 and became known as the Boman Villa, after its first owner. It was the home of Mannerheim from 1924 until his death in 1951, although he never actually owned it, but rented it from the industrialist Karl Fazer. Prior to his tenancy it had been divided into six separate flats for workers in Fazer’s chocolate factory, and Mannerheim had to have major alterations made before he could move in. He attached great importance to his home, which is reflected in the interiors, which he had designed himself right down to the colour schemes and the positioning of the furniture. After Mannerheim's death in 1951 the Mannerheim Foundation continued to rent the house from the Fazer family. In 1957 the house was purchased by the foundation and converted into a museum.
Exhibits.
The museum is a mixture of original furnishing of the building from the early 1940s, and additional material brought in to illustrate the life of Mannerheim and the historical context of the period. Among the notable exhibits is an extensive collection of medals and other honours which Mannerheim received from numerous countries. Also displayed are his numerous hunting trophies, book collection, gifts and portraits of his ancestors. Mannerheim's bedroom, which is kept at its original state, displays the spartan conditions in which he preferred to sleep. The museum also maintains an extensive archive of photographs.
The museum receives approximately 10,000 visitors a year. The entrance fee also includes a guided tour, and it is not possible to visit the museum without a guide. This is because the rooms are actually fairly small, and packed with delicate exhibits. The tours are available in Finnish, Swedish, English, German, French, Russian and Spanish.

</doc>
<doc id="18579184" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18579184" title="Goodbye to the Age of Steam">
Goodbye to the Age of Steam

Goodbye To The Age of Steam is the debut studio album of the English progressive rock band, Big Big Train. It was released in 1994, by Giant Electric Pea. On the official BBT website, Spawton has revealed that "much of the album was about how people lose their way in their lives; about the tightrope we all walk every day. The album title wasn't linked to this, but it conveyed a feeling of pathos which fitted the mood of the songs."
Re-release.
The original album is out of print. In 2010 it was remastered by members of the band, and the tracklist has been expanded by three tracks: one being recorded for the 1993 demo The Infant Hercules, one newly recorded instrumental track from the 2010 line-up (including Nick D'Virgilio on drums and David Longdon on keyboards), and an expanded version of the original album track "Losing Your Way". The remastered version was released in 2011 with new artwork and liner notes. 

</doc>
<doc id="18579203" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18579203" title="Arriaga, Chiapas">
Arriaga, Chiapas

As of 2005, the municipality had a total population of 34,032. 
It covers an area of 653.3 km² and is bordered by the Pacific Ocean and the neighbouring state of Oaxaca, as well as by the Chiapas municipalities of Cintalapa, Jiquipilas, Villaflores and Tonalá.
The name of the city honours Ponciano Arriaga, the name given to it upon creation of the municipality on 28 May 1910. It was given city status on 1 December 1943. 

</doc>
<doc id="18579230" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18579230" title="Agra Cantonment railway station">
Agra Cantonment railway station

Agra Cantonment is the main railway station in the Indian city of Agra. It is located near the Sadar Bazaar towards the southwest of the city. It lies on the main Delhi-Chennai and one of the Delhi-Mumbai lines. 
Overview.
Agra, the 16-17th century capital of the Mughals, is home to monuments such as the Taj Mahal and Agra Fort.The Taj Mahal attracts 2-4 million tourists annually. About 200,000 foreign tourists visit it.
History.
The wide metre gauge Delhi-Bandikui and Bandikui-Agra lines of Rajputana State Railway were opened in 1874.The Agra-Jaipur line was converted to wide broad gauge in 2005.
The broad gauge Agra-Delhi chord was opened in 1904.
Electrification.
The Faridabad-Mathura-Agra section was electrified in 1982-85, Tundla-Yamuna Bridge in 1988-89 and Yamuna Bridge-Agra in 1990-91.
The station.
Agra Cantt railway station has 6 platforms with length as follows:-
The fastest train of India, Bhopal Shatabdi, stops here.
Passenger movement.
Agra Cantonment is amongst the top hundred booking stations of Indian Railway.
Amenities.
Agra Cantt. railway station has tourist information counter, computerized reservation counters, (Indrail Passes are available), waiting room, retiring room, vegetarian and non-vegetarian refreshment rooms, water coolers and book stall.
Taxis, auto-rickshaws, tempos and cycle-rickshaws are available for local movement. Idgah Bus Stand is nearby. Distance from Agra Cantt. railway station: Taj Mahal 5.7 km, Agra Fort 5.2 km, Sikandra 9.7 km, Fatehpur Sikri 38 km, Agra airport 3.6 km.

</doc>
<doc id="18579240" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18579240" title="Open Web Foundation">
Open Web Foundation

The Open Web Foundation (OWF) is a non-profit organization dedicated to the development and protection of specifications for emerging web technologies. The foundation follows an open source model similar to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF). Individuals participating include Geir Magnusson, vice president and board member at Apache, and Tim O'Reilly, CEO of O'Reilly Media.
History.
The Open Web Foundation was announced July 24, 2008 at the O'Reilly Open Source Convention (OSCON). Facebook has announced their support for the OWF, as well as Google, MySpace, Six Apart, Plaxo and others. Through OWF, Google and Facebook now have an appropriate venue where they can resolve their differences between Facebook Connect and OpenSocial platforms, as well as work on a standard way to have their users interact with each other. The OWF also provides the technical details, as well as policy details, on how these protocols and emerging technologies interact.
Criticism.
There have been accusations made that the Open Web Foundation are bypassing the IETF or other standards bodies.
Industry support.
According to its web site, the Open Web Foundation is supported by the following companies and organizations:
Governance.
The Open Web Foundation is a membership-based organization. Members of the Foundation elect a nine person Board.
Members of the current Board, elected as of August 17, 2009:

</doc>
<doc id="18579242" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18579242" title="Bejucal de Ocampo">
Bejucal de Ocampo

Bejucal de Ocampo is a town and one of the 119 Municipalities of Chiapas, in southern Mexico. It was named in honor of Mexican lawyer Melchor Ocampo.
As of 2005, the municipality had a total population of 6,673. It covers an area of 82 km².
It is the least-Catholic municipality in Mexico’s least-Catholic state, with only 19% of residents being Catholic, and most being Jehovah’s Witnesses or Baptists.

</doc>
<doc id="18579243" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18579243" title="Carder (surname)">
Carder (surname)

Carder is a surname of English origin, derived from the occupation of carding.

</doc>
<doc id="18579246" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18579246" title="Otmar Wiestler">
Otmar Wiestler

Otmar D. Wiestler (Born November 6, 1956 in Freiburg im Breisgau) is a German physician, a professor at the University of Heidelberg and director of the German Cancer Research Centre (DKFZ). He is not a typical basic scientist, but he successfully entered a number of highly popular fields of clinical research, including cancer research, tumor genetics and, more recently, stem cell research. He focuses on technology transfer of already existing technologies from basic science into clinical use, rather than developing the basic science itself.
Career.
From 1975 to 1981 Wiestler went to the Medical School at the Albert Ludwig University of Freiburg. Under the direction of Paul Kleihues and Benedict Volk, Wiestler worked as assistant at the University of Freiburg until 1994, when he finished his thesis with summa cum laude. As a PostDoc he joined Gernot Walter for three years at the Institute of Pathology at the University of California San Diego. From 1987 to 1992 he was staff physician at the Department of Neuropathology at the Institute of Pathology of the University Hospital in Zürich, Switzerland, again with Paul Kleihues. In 1989 he temporarily headed the department. From 1992 to 2003, he was elected full professor and chair for Neuropathology at the university clinics in Bonn.
Since 2000 Wiestler is known to the public as a supporter of stem cell research in Germany.
From 2002 to 2003 Wiestler was also CEO of LIFE & BRAIN GmbH in Bonn. In 2004, Wiestler succeeded Harald zur Hausen as Chairman and scientific member of the Foundation Board of the German Cancer Research Centre.
Wiestler is or was in different scientific boards:
Awards.
On 8 April 2005 Wiestler received the Order of Merit of the Federal Republic of Germany.
Publications.
Wiestler has numerous original publications in journals of the neuropathology and cancer research. He also edited several books and is in the Editorial Board of various journals.

</doc>
<doc id="18579249" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18579249" title="Gunnar Persson">
Gunnar Persson

Gunnar Persson (born 1933) is a Swedish cartoonist and comic creator. He is the son of Elov Persson, creator of one of Sweden's oldest comic strip characters, "Kronblom". Gunnar began drawing the Kronblom comic strip in 1968 when his father's health got worse. Prior to Kronblom, Gunnar Persson had already drawn the comic strips "Gus" and "Herr Larsson" in the comic book .

</doc>
<doc id="18579260" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18579260" title="Athletics at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Women's long jump">
Athletics at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Women's long jump

The women's long jump at the 2008 Summer Olympics took place on 19 and 22 August at the Beijing National Stadium.
The qualifying standards were 6.72 m (A standard) and 6.60 m (B standard).
Records.
Prior to this competition, the existing world and Olympic records were as follows:
No new world or Olympic records were set for this event.
Results.
Qualifying round.
Qualifying performance 6.75 (Q) or at least 12 best performers (q) advance to the final.
Q - Qualified by right / q - Qualified by result / NM - No Mark / NR - National Record / SB - Season Best / DSQ - Disqualified
Final.
22 August 2008 - 19:20

</doc>
<doc id="18579264" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18579264" title="TAG 7">
TAG 7

The TAG 7 is a superheated steam locomotive, that was developed and built in 1936 by Krauss-Maffei as "EAG 7" for the private "Schaftlach-Gmund-Tegernsee Railway Company" ("Eisenbahn-Aktiengesellschaft Schaftlach-Gmund-Tegernsee" or "EAG") - later the Tegernsee Railway AG (TAG). Today it belongs to the Bavarian Localbahn Union.
This tank locomotive with its 1'D1' axle arrangement, together with its two sister engines LAG Nos. 87 and 88, is the last and most powerful branch line ("Lokalbahn") locomotive to be built in Bavaria. Its power of 470 PSi enabled a top speed of 70 km/h in both directions. The EAG needed the new engines to relieve its two smaller locomotives, nos. EAG 5 and 6 (Bavarian GtL 4/4s) and to gradually take the aging and rickety EAG 3 and 4 out of service. TAG 7 proved itself so well, that a year later two more engines were built by the Lokalbahn AG (the aforementioned LAG Nos. 87 and 88).
TAG 7 served until 1975 as the reserve loco for the Tegernsee Railway (TAG), but at the same time, during the 1970s, was already being used for museum runs, organised by a working group of the "German Railway History Company" or DGEG. Because there was a threat that the engine would have to stop operating and be scrapped due to its licence running out, the Bavarian Localbahn Union was founded in order to raise the money for the required general inspection. The engine - de jure still the property of the TAG - remained stabled during the 1990s at Tegernsee, whilst the Localbahn Union paid for all furthe inspections and maintenance. In 1999, after the transfer of operations on the Tegernsee Railway to the Bavarian Highland Railway ("Bayerische Oberlandbahn"), the TAG finally sold the engine to the Union. At the same time the locomotive shed in Tegernsee had to be cleared. TAG 7 has been stationed in Landshut shed since and is once again in service. Since May 2005 TAG 7 has had PZB 90 train running control system. The locomotive is currently out of order due to a boiler damage, the owner BLV plans to build a new boiler.

</doc>
<doc id="18579266" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18579266" title="Athletics at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Men's long jump">
Athletics at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Men's long jump

The men's long jump at the 2008 Olympic Games took place on 16 and 18 August at the Beijing Olympic Stadium.
The qualifying standards were 8.20 m (26.9 ft) (A standard) and 8.05 m (26.41 ft) (B standard). 
This event marked the first time that an American did not compete in the final phase in a non-boycotted Olympic competition. On the other hand, Panama achieved its first gold medal in its Olympic history.
Records.
Prior to this competition, the existing world and Olympic records were as follows.
No new world or Olympic records were set for this event.
Results.
Qualifying round.
Qualifying Performance 8.15 (Q) or at least 12 best performers (q) advance to the Final.
Final.
DNS — Did Not Start
NM — No Mark
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18579272" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18579272" title="Troy Ready">
Troy Ready

Troy Ready (born May 15, 1980 in Spokane, Washington) is an American soccer midfielder who plays for Vakhsh Qurghonteppa in the Tajik League.
Youth.
Ready attended Mead Senior High School. While in high school, he played for the Spokane Shadow of the USISL, continuing with the team through his collegiate career. In 1999, he entered the University of Washington where he played on the men’s soccer team. He redshirted his junior season after breaking his leg during the 2001 pre-season.
Professional.
On December 17, 2003, the Seattle Sounders selected Ready in the first round of the USL First Division draft. The Sounders did not sign him as he decided to pursue trials with teams in Norway. Ready was wanted by Clubs IK Start and Skeid of the Norways Professional League, but was unable to obtain a work permit. At the end of this year, he returned to the Spokane Shadow. Ready played with the Shadow for eight years and tallied more appearances than anyone in club history. Premier Development League. In 2005, he moved to the Cascade Surge of the PDL, playing eleven games. On March 30, 2006, Ready signed with the Portland Timbers of the USL First Division. He played three seasons before needing a surgery. Ready is now playing in Tajikistan's professional league with Vahksh Football Club and helping to Direct a Youth Sport Program.

</doc>
<doc id="18579274" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18579274" title="Athletics at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Men's 400 metres hurdles">
Athletics at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Men's 400 metres hurdles

The Men's 400 metres hurdles at the 2008 Summer Olympics took place on 16–18 August at the Beijing National Stadium.
The qualifying standards were 49.20 s (A standard) and 49.50 s (B standard).
Records.
Prior to this competition, the existing world and Olympic records were as follows:
No new world or Olympic records were set for this event.

</doc>
<doc id="18579281" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18579281" title="Athletics at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Women's 400 metres hurdles">
Athletics at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Women's 400 metres hurdles

The women's 400 metres hurdles at the 2008 Summer Olympics took place on 17–20 August at the Beijing National Stadium.
The qualifying standards were 55.60 s (A standard) and 56.50 s (B standard).
Schedule.
All times are China Standard Time (UTC+8)
Records.
Prior to this competition, the existing world and Olympic records were as follows:
The following new Olympic record was set during this competition.
Results.
Round 1.
The first three runners of each heat (Q) plus the next four overall fastest runners (q) qualified for the Semifinals.
Semifinals.
Qualification: First 4 in each heat (Q) advance to the Final.
Final.
"(OR = Olympic record; NR = National Record; PB = Personal Best; SB = Season Best.)"

</doc>
<doc id="18579287" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18579287" title="Athletics at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Women's 3000 metres steeplechase">
Athletics at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Women's 3000 metres steeplechase

The women's 3000 metres steeplechase at the 2008 Summer Olympics took place on 15–17 August at the Beijing National Stadium, the first time this event had ever been held at the Olympics.
The qualifying standards were 9:46.00 (A standard) and 9:55.00 (B standard).
In the final, Gulnara Samitova-Galkina of Russia became the first woman in history to run under 9 minutes for the steeplechase, setting a world record time of 8:58.81.
Schedule.
All times are China Standard Time (UTC+8)
Records.
Prior to this competition, the existing world and Olympic records were as follows:
The following new world and Olympic records were set during this competition.
Results.
Round 1.
Qualification: First 4 in each heat(Q) and the next 3 fastest(q) advance to the Final.
"(WR - World Record, NR - National Record, AR - Area Record, PB - Personal Best, SB - Season Best)"

</doc>
<doc id="18579294" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18579294" title="Athletics at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Men's 3000 metres steeplechase">
Athletics at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Men's 3000 metres steeplechase

The Men's 3000 metres steeplechase at the 2008 Olympic Games took place on 16–18 August at the Beijing Olympic Stadium.
The qualifying standards were 8:24.60 (A standard) and 8:32.00 (B standard).
Brimin Kipruto, who won the silver medal at the 2004 Olympic Games in Athens, became the seventh Kenyan runner in a row to win this event at the Olympics. In total Kenya won nine gold medals in the 3000m steeplechase since 1968, but none of those medalists was ever able to defend his title.
Records.
Prior to this competition, the existing world and Olympic records were as follows.
No new world or Olympic records were set for this event.
Results.
Round 1.
Legend: Q=Qualified top 4 in heat; q=Qualified by time; DNF=Did Not Finish; DNS=Did Not Start; DQ=Disqualified; NR=National Record; PB=Personal Best; SB=Season Best

</doc>
<doc id="18579306" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18579306" title="Athletics at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Women's 20 kilometres walk">
Athletics at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Women's 20 kilometres walk

The women's 20 km walk event at the 2008 Olympic Games took place on August 21 at the Beijing Olympic Stadium. The qualifying standards were 1:33.30 (A standard) and 1:38.00 (B standard).
Records.
Prior to this event, the existing world and Olympic records were as follows:
Schedule.
All times are China standard time (UTC+8)
Results.
OR - Olympic Record, NR - National Record, PB - Personal Best (= - Equaled), SB - Season Best
Intermediates.
s.t. - same time.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18579311" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18579311" title="Athletics at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Men's 20 kilometres walk">
Athletics at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Men's 20 kilometres walk

The men's 20 kilometres walk at the 2008 Summer Olympics took place on 16 August at the Beijing National Stadium.
The qualifying standards were 1:23:00 (A standard) and 1:24:30 (B standard).
Records.
Prior to this competition, the existing world and Olympic records were as follows:
No new world or Olympic records were set for this event.
Results.
PB = Personal Best, SB = Season Best
Intermediates.
s.t. - same time.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18579316" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18579316" title="Athletics at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Men's 50 kilometres walk">
Athletics at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Men's 50 kilometres walk

The men's 50 kilometres walk at the 2008 Summer Olympics took place on August 22 at the Beijing National Stadium.
The qualifying standards were 4:00:00 (A standard) and 4:07:00 (B standard).
Records.
Prior to this competition, the existing world and Olympic records were as follows:
The following new Olympic record was set during this competition.
Results.
OR - Olympic Record / PB - Personal Best / SB - Season Best / NR - National Record / DNF - Did Not Finish / DQ - Disqualified / DNS - Did Not Start
Intermediates.
s.t. - same time.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18579320" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18579320" title="Digital Library of Slovenia">
Digital Library of Slovenia

The Digital Library of Slovenia (short: dLib) is an Internet service—since 2006 a part of European Library—that allows access to digitalized material from the National and University Library of Slovenia.
Collections.
Since 2005, its web portal offers a free search through sources and free access to Slovene newspapers, periodicals, books, manuscripts, map, photographs, music and manuals, and other resources. 

</doc>
<doc id="18579324" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18579324" title="The Monster X Strikes Back/Attack the G8 Summit">
The Monster X Strikes Back/Attack the G8 Summit

Plot.
In the year 2008 all the world leaders are together at a G8 Summit meeting in Japan. A meteorite crashes into the heart of Sapporo and releases the monster Guilala. The monster rampages through Sapporo, leaving death and destruction in his wake. After levelling the city, Guilala transforms into a giant ball of fire and flies to Hokkaidō, making its way to the G8 Summit. The Prime Minister of Japan proposes cancelling the Summit for the safety of all involved, but the President of the United States convinces the other world leaders to personally stay and fight. Shortly after forming a world alliance, each leader stays to fight their own reason:
The leaders soon discover the reason for Guilala's appearance on Earth was due to a Chinese satellite that fell out of orbit and was the crashed "meteorite" in Sapporo. Assisting the leaders is Dr. Sano, a Japanese scientist who discovers that Guilala is actually a cosmic spore attached to the Probe that was exposed to the Earth's atmosphere, causing it to grow into the monster. He also figures out that the crash caused Guilala to lose a lot of energy and it's searching for "high temperature" energy to recharge. The doctor doesn't think the monster will leave Japan until it finds the energy it needs. Meanwhile, Guilala arrives at the Noboribetsu Power Planet and sucks all of the energy out of the plant.
Hoping to trap Guilala, the Japanese set up an earthquake generator near the fictional "Mt. Showa" to draw Guilala to a magma flow and destroy him with a super missile known as "The Vulture". Guilala arrives to feed, but he swallows the missile whole when it's fired at him. Soon, other countries are scrambling with their own "super" weapons, but each one fails in comedic fashion. In the middle of all this the Japanese Prime Minister is waylaid by diarrhea and is replaced by Junzaburo Ohizumi, a former Prime Minister and a friend of the US President. He arrives to help in the battle, but seems shifty. Ohizumi even suggests using nuclear weapons, but is stared down by the other leaders. After the Germans' super weapon fails to put him out of action, Guilala dances with the setting sun.
When Guilala mind is damaged by a British brainwashing weapon, the monster begins a wild rampage. Ohizumi suddenly reveals that he is in fact the leader of the "North Country" (North Korea's Kim Jong-Il). He stole Ohizumi's identity during a state visit. He reveals that the Japanese interpreters attending the G8 Summit are all his spies and they all draw weapons, taking the world leaders hostage. His also announces that he plans on using a "limited" nuclear warhead to destroy Guilala. Meanwhile, President Sorkozy (sic) of France has finally bedded the translator, who confesses her true identity. Clad only in a towel, Sorkozy creates a distraction, which allows Japanese soldiers to rush the spies. The North Country leader is captured but not before managing to launch the nuclear missile at Guilala. Dr. Sano announces that Guilala's spores are re-energized and that if the missile strikes it will spread Guilala spores worldwide...
Subplot/tie-in.
Two Japanese journalists named Sumire Sumidagawa and Sanpei Toyama discover a hidden village full of worshippers. They are driven out as outsiders intruding on a sacred ceremony. Shortly afterward Guilala lands and begins searching for energy. Sumire and Sanpei are sent to get news on Guilala's rampage. However, their efforts successful as other news groups are looking for big news on Guilala. During the G8 Summit's efforts to stop Guilala, Sumire encounters a boy she saw at the village's ceremony. Believing that the village might know how to stop Guilala, Sumire and Sanpei return for answers.
They find a carving of Guilala which they also notice is battling another monster. That figure is known as ""Take-Majin"," a deity the villagers worship. An ancient prophesy predicted that Guilala was going to destroy the world, but he would be stopped by Take-Majin, who would awaken to save mankind from Guilala. The little boy Sumire met earlier worshipped Take-Majin, after his father was killed in a landslide. Concerned with the planet's safety over their own, Sumire and a reluctant Sanpei participate in Take-Majin's awakening ceremony. Just when Take-Majin is about to wake up, the entire village is evacuated by the army when a nuclear missile is fired at Guilala.
But Take-Majin suddenly awakens and stops the missile by catching it with his buttocks, allowing it to explode inside of him. He then confronts Guilala, preparing for battle. After a long battle Take-Majin is victorious, decapitating Guilala, saving all humanity as prophecied. Take-Majin then disappears back into his shrine to sleep once again. The G8 Summit leaders celebrate their victory by taking a bath in a hot spring (despite the leader of the North Country escaping during the fight).
Reaction.
When released at G-Fest, XVI the film received mostly good reviews. Fans felt the film was entertaining because it didn’t take itself seriously, since it was a comedic melodrama. However, some fans were disappointed that many sequences of Guilala in the film (Guilala's rampage on Sapporo, Guilala's attack on the power plant, and almost every scene of Guilala shooting fireballs) were nothing more than footage recycled from the original film.
DVD release.
"The Monster X Strikes Back: Attack the G8 Summit" was released in North American on DVD on June 30, 2009 by Media Blasters. The special features are a photo gallery and Tokyo Shock trailers.

</doc>
<doc id="18579325" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18579325" title="Athletics at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Men's shot put">
Athletics at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Men's shot put

The men's shot put event at the 2008 Olympic Games took place on 15 August at the Beijing Olympic Stadium.
The qualifying standards were 20.30 m (66.6 ft) (A standard) and 19.80 m (64.96 ft) (B standard).
Schedule.
All times are China standard time (UTC+8)
Records.
Prior to this competition, the existing world and Olympic records were as follows.
No new world or Olympic records were set for this event.
Results.
Qualifying round.
Qualification: 20.40 (Q) or at least 12 best performers (q) advance to the final.

</doc>
<doc id="18579327" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18579327" title="Benemérito de las Américas">
Benemérito de las Américas

Benemérito de las Américas is a town and one of the 119 Municipalities of Chiapas, in southern Mexico.
As of 2005, the municipality had a total population of 14,446. It covers an area of 979.2 km² and borders Guatemala.
Geography.
Situated in the Montañas del Oriente, a large part of its territory is mountainous.

</doc>
<doc id="18579328" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18579328" title="Athletics at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Women's shot put">
Athletics at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Women's shot put

The women's shot put event at the 2008 Olympic Games took place on 16 August at the Beijing Olympic Stadium. The qualifying standards were (A standard) and (B standard).
The event was won by Valerie Vili (née Adams) of New Zealand, with a best throw of 20.56 metres.
Schedule.
All times are China standard time (UTC+8)
Records.
Prior to this competition, the existing world and Olympic records were as follows.
No new world or Olympic records were set for this event.
Results.
Qualifying round.
Qualification: Qualifying Performance 18.40 (Q) or at least 12 best performers (q) advance to the Final.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18579330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18579330" title="Xu Linyin">
Xu Linyin

Xu Linyin (born 20 March 1986 in Shanghai) is a Chinese professional beach volleyball player.
Career.
Nicknamed "Tiny" because of his length, Xu Linyin stands 6 feet 7 inches tall. He headed into the 2008 Olympics as the #1 seed with his teammate Penggen Wu. They placed 5th in the FIVB Beach Volleyball Olympic Ranking, but were #1 seed because of FIVB regulations.
On 14 June 2010, Xu Linyin and partner Wu Penggen bested the Olympic Champions from USA Todd Rogers and Phil Dalhausser 21-17, 17-21 and 17-15 to win the Gold at the FIVB World Tour in Moscow. This was the first time China won the title in the men's event in the 24-year history of the international Beach Volleyball circuit.
The duo of Xu and Wu continued their extraordinary performance with a second Gold on the FIVB World Tour in Marseille, France on 25 July 2010, and ended the season ranked 4th overall on the FIVB Beach Volleyball World Rankings.

</doc>
<doc id="18579335" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18579335" title="Athletics at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Women's discus throw">
Athletics at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Women's discus throw

The women's discus throw event at the 2008 Olympic Games took place on 15–18 August at the Beijing Olympic Stadium.
The qualifying standards were 61.00 m (200.13 ft) (A standard) and 59.00 m (193.57 ft) (B standard).
Schedule.
All times are China standard time (UTC+8)
Records.
Prior to this competition, the existing world and Olympic records were as follows.
No new world or Olympic records were set for this event.
Results.
Qualifying round.
Qualification: 61.50 (Q) or at least 12 best performers (q) advance to the Final.

</doc>
<doc id="18579338" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18579338" title="Swansea Life">
Swansea Life

Swansea Life is an A4 glossy lifestyle magazine published and distributed in Swansea, Wales by South West Wales Media, a part of Northcliffe Media. The current editor is Peter Slee. The deputy editor is Lisa Evans. The magazine is designed and produced by Mark Rees. The magazine's principal photographer is Andrew Davies.
A sister publication to the South Wales Evening Post, Wales's largest selling newspaper, Swansea Life magazine is an aspirational magazine highlighting the best that Swansea has to offer, from its celebrity parties to its fashion hot spots.

</doc>
<doc id="18579345" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18579345" title="Athletics at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Men's discus throw">
Athletics at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Men's discus throw

The men's discus throw event at the 2008 Summer Olympics took place on 16–19 August at the Beijing National Stadium.
The qualifying standards were 64.50 m (211.61 ft) (A standard) and 62.50 m (205.05 ft) (B standard).
Schedule.
All times are China standard time (UTC+8)
Records.
Prior to the competition, the existing World and Olympic records were as follows.
Results.
Qualifying round.
Qualification: 64.50 (Q) or at least 12 best performers (q) advance to the final.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18579349" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18579349" title="Carrington (disambiguation)">
Carrington (disambiguation)

Carrington is an English surname.
Carrington may also refer to:
Places:
Schools:
People:
In fiction:
Other:

</doc>
<doc id="18579353" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18579353" title="Athletics at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Women's javelin throw">
Athletics at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Women's javelin throw

The women's javelin throw at the 2008 Summer Olympics took place on 19–21 August at the Beijing National Stadium.
The qualifying standards were 60.50 m (A standard) and 56.00 m (B standard).
Mariya Abakumova held the lead from her first throw, with Barbora Špotáková the only other competitor within 3 metres. Abakumova improved to 70.78 on her fourth throw. Then on her final throw, Špotáková put it out to 71.42 to take the gold.
Schedule.
All times are China standard time (UTC+8)
Records.
Prior to this competition, the existing world and Olympic records were as follows:
No new world or Olympic records were set for this event.
Results.
Qualifying round.
Qualification: 61.50 (Q) or at least 12 best performers (q) advance to the final.

</doc>
<doc id="18579358" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18579358" title="Athletics at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Women's hammer throw">
Athletics at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Women's hammer throw

The women's hammer throw event at the 2008 Summer Olympics took place on 18–20 August at the Beijing National Stadium.
The qualifying standards were 69.50 m (A standard) and 67.00 m (B standard).
Schedule.
All times are China standard time (UTC+8)
Records.
Prior to the competition, the existing World and Olympic records were as follows.
The following new Olympic record was set during this competition:
Results.
Qualifying round.
Qualification: 71.50 (Q) or at least 12 best performers (q) advance to the final.

</doc>
<doc id="18579364" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18579364" title="Bella Vista, Chiapas">
Bella Vista, Chiapas

Bella Vista is a town and one of the 119 Municipalities of Chiapas, in southern Mexico.
As of 2005, the municipality had a total population of 18,205. It covers an area of 114.3 km² and borders Guatemala.

</doc>
<doc id="18579367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18579367" title="Alber &amp; Geiger">
Alber &amp; Geiger

Alber & Geiger is a political lobbying powerhouse and the leading European government relations law firm. The firm currently has offices in Brussels, Berlin and London.
Among the firm's partners are the former President of the European Parliament and member of the British House of Lords, Henry Plumb, Baron Plumb, the former Advocate General of the European Court of Justice and Vice President of the European Parliament, Prof Siegbert Alber, the former Secretary General of the European Commission, Carlo Trojan, and the former Director of the European Commission's Legal Service, Prof. Dr. Rolf Wägenbaur.
The firm was founded in 2007 as a spin-off of leading US lobbying firm Cassidy & Associates by its former European CEO, Dr. Andreas Geiger. Before that, Geiger was Head of the EU Law Center of Ernst & Young in Brussels and attorney at the law firm Taylor Wessing. He wrote a handbook on EU lobbying.
Besides lobbying for corporate clients the firm is known for representing foreign governments. Alber & Geiger received a lot of media attention for successfully representing the Bulgarian and the Moroccan governments towards the EU Institutions, winning against Microsoft before the EU Commission in the EU "browser war" and breaking the state monopolies for lotteries and gambling in the EU in 2010. The latter comes basically from the fact that the firm's Chairman, Prof. Alber, represented large parts of the EU gambling industry due to his background as the Advocate General in the European Court of Justice's landmark "Gambelli" case.
Among the firm's lobbying clients are:
For its lobbying work the firm was nominated again in 2012 by The Lawyer, London, as "Benelux Law Firm of the Year", by Legal Week, London, as "European Legal Team of the Year" and by European Public Affairs Awards, Brussels, as "Consultancy of the Year".
Controversy.
In June 2012 the Bureau of Investigative Journalism and The Independent, a leading UK newspaper, revealed how senior members of the House of Lords failed to disclose their business interests in a public inquiry. On Lord Plumb's entry in the register of interests he lists his only renumerated employment/profession as 'farming' despite his involvement with the Brussels-based lobbying firm Alber and Geiger since 2007. [http://www.thebureauinvestigates.com/2012/06/20/chamber-of-secrets-house-of-lords-exposed/]
According to the "Independent", Lord Plumb insists, "he did not need to register his involvement because he had never been in employment, paid or unpaid by the firm" [http://www.thebureauinvestigates.com/2012/05/17/undeclared-interests-peers-fail-to-register-business-roles/] which is typically the case in law firms with non-executive senior members.

</doc>
<doc id="18579374" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18579374" title="Gareth Mannix">
Gareth Mannix

Gareth Mannix (born 27 August 1977) is an Irish record producer. He has worked on platinum albums by Jerry Fish and the Mudbug Club, Damien Dempsey, Jack L and Juliet Turner. For six years consecutively a number of acts who have worked with Mannix have won Meteor Music Awards. 
His live recording credits include the Divine Comedy, Whipping Boy, the Beta Band and Elbow. As a qualified recording engineer, Gareth further developed his studio craft working with masters such as John Leckie (Radiohead) and Richard Rainey (U2). 
Throughout the decade, Mannix has worked with successful artists such as Republic of Loose, The Kinetiks, The Chalets, Humanzi, The Flaws, Director, Dirty Epics, Niall Colfer, Delorentos, The Minutes and The Blizzards.

</doc>
<doc id="18579377" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18579377" title="Chorten Kora">
Chorten Kora

Chorten Kora is an important stupa next to the Kulong Chu River in Trashiyangtse, in East Bhutan. Nearby is a town of the same name. The stupa was built in the 18th century by Lama Ngawang Lodrö, the nephew of Shabdrung Ngawang Namgyal in order to subdue a harmful demon believed to have been living at the site where the chorten is now located. The stupa is modeled after the famous Boudhanath stupa in Nepal popularly known as Jarung Khashor. 
Chorten Kora took twelve years to construct and was consecrated by Je Yonten Thaye. The demon that had harmed the people of the valley was apparently subdued and banished. Thereafter, it is said that the people of the valley continue to live in peace and harmony. 
Chorten Kora Festivals.
There is an annual "Dakpa Kora" (circumambulation of the Chorten by the Dakpas) festival held on the 15th of the first lunar month, and a Drukpa Kora (circumambulation of the Chorten by the Bhutanese) festival held at the end of the first lunar month which celebrate the stupa. These festivals are attended by Dakpa people of the neighboring Tawang District of Arunachal Pradesh in India, and Bhutanese from Tashiyangtse, Tashigang, and Kurtoe. 
A popular belief is that when the stupa was constructed, a pious Dakini princess from neighboring Arunachal Pradesh in India entombed herself within, as the Yeshe Semba, to meditate on behalf of all beings. A popular Bhutanese (Dzongkha language) film "Chorten Kora" is based on this legend.
References.
Lam Kezang Chhophel. 'A Brief History of Rigsum Goenpo Lhakhang and Choeten Kora at Trashi Yangtse.'
"Journal of Bhutan Studies" vol.6, pp. 1–4. http://himalaya.socanth.cam.ac.uk/collections/journals/jbs/pdf/JBS_06_01.pdf

</doc>
<doc id="18579391" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18579391" title="Ostlänken">
Ostlänken

Ostlänken (‘the Eastern Link’) is a planned high-speed railway in Sweden, intended to run from Södertälje (just south of Stockholm) to Linköping.
The time plan is to start building by 2017, with completion scheduled within the next eleven years. The construction cost for the new 160-kilometre railway is calculated to be 30 billion SEK. A detailed plan from the Swedish rail administration was published in December 2008; the Swedish government gave the go ahead in August 2012.
The railway will allow train speeds of . Long-distance trains would call at Stockholm Central Station and Södertälje Syd before joining the new line, on which there would be an intermediate stop at Norrköping, and reach Linköping about 40 minutes faster than by the existing line. Between Södertälje and Norrköping, regional trains would make additional stops at Vagnhärad and Skavsta Airport, and make a brief detour onto the existing line to Nyköping.
In a little more distant future, a new railway connecting Linköping-Göteborg via Jönköping is planned, called Götalandsbanan. Together, the Ostlänken and Götalandsbanan railways would allow trains to travel between Stockholm-Göteborg in under two hours.

</doc>
<doc id="18579397" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18579397" title="List of mosques in the Americas">
List of mosques in the Americas

This is a list of mosques and Islamic centres in North America and South America.

</doc>
<doc id="18579400" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18579400" title="Francisco Zamora">
Francisco Zamora

Francisco Zamora Salinas (1939 – † April 8, 2002) was a famous football player from El Salvador. He retired in 1973.
Club career.
Born in Honduras, Zamora began his footballing career at Heligueras in Honduras and later transferred to Guatemalan powerhouse Municipal before coming to El Salvador where he spent his life there even becoming a Salvadoran citizen.
He first played for Municipal de Sonsonate before transferring to Salvadoran giants Alianza where he spent sixteen years there as both player (1964-1973) and assistant coach/reserve player (1974-1979) after which he retired and became a coach. As a player he won the 1966 and 1967 league titles in a team also featuring players like José Quintanilla and Roberto Rivas.
Zamora went on to coach Platense, C.D. Vendaval, El Roble, San Nicolás de Tonacatepeque and Alianza.
International career.
Nicknamed "El Tigre", after becoming a Salvadoran citizen he went on to represent El Salvador.
Death.
Zamora died of on 8 April 2002, aged 63. Zamora had three sons Frank Zamora, Allan Zamora and Francisco Zamora Jr.

</doc>
<doc id="18579401" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18579401" title="Berriozábal">
Berriozábal

Berriozábal is a town and one of the 119 Municipalities of Chiapas, in southern Mexico.
As of 2005, the municipality had a total population of 28,719. It covers an area of 300.6 km².

</doc>
<doc id="18579404" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18579404" title="Wurmbea">
Wurmbea

Wurmbea is a genus of perennial herbs that are native to Africa and Australia. There are about 40 species, with about half endemic to each continent.
Recently the circumscription of the genus "Wurmbea" has been increased to incorporate to include "Onixotis punctata" and "Onixotis stricta"
African species include:
Australian species include:

</doc>
<doc id="18579411" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18579411" title="Potassium aluminium fluoride">
Potassium aluminium fluoride

Potassium aluminium fluoride (KAlF4) is an inorganic compound.
This compound is used as flux in the smelting of secondary aluminium, to reduce or remove the magnesium content of the melt. The main environmental issue that arises from using PAF is the production of fluoride gases. Calcium hydroxide is widely used to suppress the fluorides produced but in most cases fails to remove it sufficiently.
PAF is also present in a wide rage of products for the metals industry as a fluxing agent within additives to help its dispersion within a charge.
It is also used as an insecticide.

</doc>
<doc id="18579420" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18579420" title="Schofield House">
Schofield House

The Schofield House, also known as the Lanier-Schofield House, is an historic building located in the Madison Historic District of Madison, Indiana. Built in 1817, this Federal-style building was the first two-story brick house and the first tavern house in Madison. It was also here, on January 13, 1818, that the Grand Lodge of Indiana, the organization of Freemasons in Indiana, was founded.
History.
The first residents of the house were Alexander and Drusilla Lanier, parents of James Lanier; they or a William Robinson may have had the house built to begin with in 1817. The house initially had a bedroom, kitchen, and tavern room on the first floor, and a sleeping lot and meeting room on the second floor. Later additions to the house allowed for the initial bedroom to be made into a parlor, and the kitchen become a dining room.
On January 13, 1818 fourteen Masons throughout Indiana met at the upstairs meeting room, after agreeing to meet there to establish a Grand Lodge for Indiana the previous month in Corydon, Indiana. Alexander Lanier was himself a Freemason, and his newly built tavern could support a lodge room being set up in the upstairs meeting room. It was here that the constitution to start the Grand Lodge of Indiana was approved, and five lodges from Indiana demitted from the Grand Lodge of Kentucky to form the initial lodges of the Grand Lodge of Indiana. There is no evidence it was ever used again for Masonic ceremonies for 150 years afterwards.
After James Lanier sold the building, it would remain in the hands of the Schofield family. In 1972 it was acquired from the family by the Ancient Accepted Scottish Rite in the Valley of Indianapolis. Three years later it was restored to become a Masonic museum, opening on April 19, 1975.
Today, dues from Indiana Freemasons and donations fund the house. Admission to enter the house is charged for all who are not Freemasons. Degree work is sometimes done, but due to the smallness of the lodge room (set to be reflective of 19th century lodge rooms, and not how it looked in January 1818), only Entered Apprentice degrees are recommended there.

</doc>
<doc id="18579433" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18579433" title="Jätkäsaari">
Jätkäsaari

Jätkäsaari () is an island and a quarter in Helsinki, the capital city of Finland. It is part to the Kampinmalmi district and Länsisatama neighbourhood. It is was the location of the main container harbour in Helsinki until late 2008, when the harbour moved to the new facilities in Vuosaari. The terminal for passenger ferries to Tallinn, Estonia, remains in Länsisatama (literally "West Harbour" in Finnish).
What is now known as Jätkäsaari (literally "Logger Island" in Finnish), was originally a group of three islands: Jätkäsaari, Hietasaari, and Saukko. The sea between the islands and the continent was filled, creating a peninsula to house harbour facilities. The area became an island once more with the construction of the Ruoholahti Canal. With most of the harbour operations having moved to the new Vuosaari Harbour, the construction of a new residential and office area is expected to begin in late 2009, after a clean-up of contaminated soil is completed.
Pop singer-songwriter Madonna performed in the vacant harbour of Jätkäsaari as a part of her Sticky & Sweet Tour on August 6, 2009. The concert was attended by 85,000 people and, thus, the event was the biggest concert ever with an entrance fee in the Nordic countries. The surrounding air and maritime space were closed as a safety precaution during the evening and the night.
The new Jätkäsaari area is planned as an urban, densely built city district, built around the shoreline and an S-shaped park in the middle. The apartment blocks will be closed to protect the inner courtyards from wind. The planners envisage the completed area of having 17,000 residents as well as 6,000 jobs. The area will have several schools, kindergartens, sports facilities and public services. The public transport in Jätkäsaari will be handled primarily by extensions of the Helsinki tram network. The waste collection and sorting is planned to operate by automated vacuum collection.

</doc>
<doc id="18579435" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18579435" title="El Bosque, Chiapas">
El Bosque, Chiapas

El Bosque, Chiapas is a town and one of the 119 Municipalities of Chiapas, in southern Mexico.
As of 2005, the municipality had a total population of 14,993. It covers an area of 241 km². El Bosque

</doc>
<doc id="18579439" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18579439" title="Matti Hietanen">
Matti Hietanen

Matti Hietanen (born 3 January 1983) is a professional volleyball player from Finland. His current club is Framasil Cucine Pineto in Italy A1-league.
Career.
Early career.
Hietanen started his career with Vilppula Tähti. After that he moved to Tampere and started study in Varala Sport High School. At the same time he played on the youth national team. At the youth national teams U-19 European Championship qualifications, Hietanen was the best player, but Finland did not survive to European Championships.
Finland league.
Hietanen played his first season in the Finland volleyball league season of 2000-2001. His club was Tampereen Isku-Volley. After one season in Isku-Volley he made a two-year contract with Salon Piivolley. During season 2001-2003 Hietanen played in Piivolley, but when his contract ended he came back to Tampereen Isku-Volley. 
Hietanen did not win anything with Isku-Volley season 2003-2004, but during season 2004-2005 he won Finland volleyball league bronze when Isku-Volley won Raision Loimu in the bronze medal match. The media chose him after the season for the league All-Stars team. After this season he made a contract with Sempre Volley Padova.
Professional career.
Hietanen made a longer three-season contract with Sempre Volley Padova. On the same club were two Finnish setters, Mikko Esko and Simo-Pekka Olli. Hietanen's first season in Padova was difficult. German opposite-player Christian Pampel was team leader opposite player and Matti was forced to second opposite player role. After season Padova rented him to the France Pro A-league. He played season 2006-2007 in Avignon Volley. When the season ended Avignon fell to France Pro B-league.
After the season Hietanen came back to Italy and made a contract with Mantova Volley. He was a rented player in Mantova because Padova still had his license. He played a good season in Mantova Volley.
During season 2008-2009 Hietanen played in Framasil Cucine Pineto in the Italy A1-league.
National team.
Hietanen played his first national team game in the 2004 season. During season 2005 he got a good opportunity when the national team needed a new opposite player. Before that time, Hietanen had only played wing-spiker but he changed roles and became the team opposite player. His team took fourth place in the European Championships 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="18579440" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18579440" title="Voice of Islam (Australia)">
Voice of Islam (Australia)

Voice of Islam is a narrowcast radio station based in Lakemba and broadcasting to many parts of Sydney through a network of low power transmitters. 
The objectives of Voice of Islam include sharing Islam with the rest of Australia, to provide information about Islamic beliefs and practices and to broadcast programming that reflects cultural heritage. 
Programming.
Broadcasting Al-Jumuah Khutbah (prayers and sermons) from within Australia and from overseas, as well as news, documentaries, social and moral programs. 

</doc>
<doc id="18579456" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18579456" title="Cacahoatán">
Cacahoatán

Cacahoatán is a town and one of the 119 Municipalities of Chiapas, in southern Mexico.
As of 2005, the municipality had a total population of 39,033. It covers an area of 173.9 km².

</doc>
<doc id="18579457" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18579457" title="2008–09 NK Osijek season">
2008–09 NK Osijek season

NK Osijek entered the into 2008-09 Season defending third position, which is equal to their best position in Prva HNL won six times since Croatian independence. The team decided not to participate in the UEFA Intertoto Cup which would make preparations for the new season harder than usual, as happened two years ago.
To prepare for the Season, NK Osijek played a few friendly matches against 1. FC Kaiserslautern and FC Fehérvár to name a few. The new season will start with the same manager as last year, and with just Milan Pavličić sold from last years starting eleven. As the club's youth academy is one of the best in this part of Europe, several young players are drafted into the first team squad.
Fans and board of directors are hoping that this season can repeat last one, to put NK Osijek into UEFA cups next season.

</doc>
<doc id="18579458" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18579458" title="Danny Mellanby">
Danny Mellanby

Daniel 'Danny' Mellanby (born August 17, 1979 in Bishop Auckland, England) is a former English professional football striker who plays for Newton Aycliffe. He has previously played for Bishop Auckland and Darlington.
He played 44 league games scoring nine times in three years for the Quakers between the years of 2001–2004 he also played for the Bishops for a year between the year of 2000–2001. He now has jobs doing plumbing and steelworks. Whilst Bishop Auckland he was a member of Alan Oliver’s Crook Town side which reached the FA Vase quarter-finals in 2006, Mellanby, who also served under Oliver at West Auckland, hit 15 goals in 50 Northern League appearances for the Newtonians.
In June 2012 he rejoined Darlington, however on 25 June 2012 his registration was changed to the new club Darlington 1883. in September 2012 he returned to Newton Aycliffe.

</doc>
<doc id="18579466" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18579466" title="Maiden of the Cancer Moon">
Maiden of the Cancer Moon

Maiden of the Cancer Moon is a live album by American psychedelic rock band Quicksilver Messenger Service.

</doc>
<doc id="18579469" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18579469" title="Revaha">
Revaha

Revaha (, "lit." Comfort) is a religious moshav in south-central Israel. Located in the southern Shephelah near Kiryat Gat, it falls under the jurisdiction of Shafir Regional Council. In 2006 it had a population of 449.
The village was established in 1953 by immigrants from Kurdistan on lands which had formerly belonged to the abandoned Arab village of Hatta. The majority of residents are national-religious.

</doc>
<doc id="18579489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18579489" title="Catazajá">
Catazajá

Catazajá is a town and one of the 119 Municipalities of Chiapas, in southern Mexico.
As of 2005, the municipality had a total population of 15,709. It covers an area of 621 km².

</doc>
<doc id="18579491" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18579491" title="Travelling exhibition">
Travelling exhibition

A travelling exhibition, also referred to as a "travelling exhibit" or a "touring exhibition", is a type of exhibition that is available for circulation to one or more venues in addition to the premises of the organiser.
Temporary exhibitions can bring together objects that might be dispersed amongst several collections, to reconstruct an original context such as an artist’s career or a patron's collection, or to propose connections - perhaps the result of recent research - which give new insights or a different way of understanding items in museum collections. The whole exhibition, usually with associated services - insurance, shipping, storage, conservation, mounting, set up, etc. - can then be loaned to one or more venues, to lengthen the life of the exhibition and to allow the widest possible audiences - regionally, nationally or internationally - to experience these objects and the stories they contain. Such collaborations can add interest to museums where displays of permanent collections might change only slowly, helping to provide fresh interpretations or more complete stories and attract new audiences. They also provide fresh ideas and breathing space for organisations which have exhibition spaces but lack permanent collections.
To have more than one location for the same exhibition can benefit the organiser because it can then share a part of the production costs amongst the venues, so museums and galleries frequently use touring as a cost-efficient way of promoting access to their collections. For organisers and their venues, touring exhibitions are important for sharing ideas (for example, promoting techniques for providing for visitors with visual impairments or producing displays which examine current or topical issues) and materials (especially objects that might not be seen in public frequently or even shown together), as well as resources (human as well as financial). Touring is a way of sharing with like-minded institutions and of achieving economies of scale which allow more ambitious projects to happen.
Travelling exhibitions are usually supported by governmental organizations for the diffusion of knowledge and local cultures. As the acknowledgement of the importance of travelling exhibitions, the International Council of Museums (ICOM) established the International Committee for Exhibition Exchange (ICEE) in 1983, as a forum for many different aspects of exhibitions development, circulation and exchange. 

</doc>
<doc id="18579493" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18579493" title="Lundie">
Lundie

Lundie is a parish and small hamlet in Angus, Scotland, northwest of Dundee, situated at the head of the Dighty valley in the Sidlaws, off the A923 Dundee to Coupar Angus road. The name Lundie probably derives from the Gaelic "lunnd" or "lunndann", meaning "little marsh", although "lon dubh" ("black marsh" or even "linn dei" (water of God") have also been proposed. Lundie is surrounded by several small lochs, whose size has been reduced in recent times by agricultural drainage, hence largely draining the eponymous marshes. Dorward states that in 1203 Walter of Lundie gave of land to the prior and canons of St Andrews. Lundie Castle, now just a few stones, was probably built in the sixteenth century on a hill to the east. The population of Lundie has declined from 448 in 1841 to under a hundred now; the shops and alehouses closed some time ago, the fairs are no longer held, and the school was closed in 1967.
Lundie is notable for being the burial place of Adam Duncan, 1st Viscount Duncan. The churchyard of Lundie church contains an Abraham and Isaac stone. Although the church is an ancient foundation, it was drastically restored in 1847. Nearby Lundie Crags (353 m, OS reference NO 282 378) are a popular walking destination.
Lundie in myth.
Sir James the Rose was supposedly killed on a grassy bank near Lundie Crags.

</doc>
<doc id="18579504" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18579504" title="I, Yi, Yi, Yi, Yi (I Like You Very Much)">
I, Yi, Yi, Yi, Yi (I Like You Very Much)

"I, Yi, Yi, Yi, Yi (I Like You Very Much)" is a 1941 song. It was written for the 1941 film, "That Night in Rio", and was popularized by Carmen Miranda. The lyrics were written by Mack Gordon and the music by Harry Warren.

</doc>
<doc id="18579507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18579507" title="Chalchihuitán">
Chalchihuitán

Chalchihuitán is a town and one of the 119 Municipalities of Chiapas, in southern Mexico.
As of 2005, the municipality had a total population of 12,256. It covers an area of 74.5 km².

</doc>
<doc id="18579514" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18579514" title="Sisterhood (film)">
Sisterhood (film)

Sisterhood is a comedy feature film shot in London and Governors Bay, Christchurch, New Zealand and completed in 2008. It premiered in London's West End on 23 October 2008, followed by a theatrical release in the UK. It played in competition at the inaugural The Feel Good Film Festival in Los Angeles between 22 - 24 August.
The cast includes Nicholas Ball, Maria Charles, Rory McGregor, Graham McTavish, Isabelle Defaut, Emily Corcoran, Robert Faith and Jon Gadsby.
The film was directed by Richard Wellings-Thomas, written by Emily Corcoran and produced by Emily Corcoran, Tim Hart and Abi Sirokh.

</doc>
<doc id="18579518" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18579518" title="Constitution of Australia">
Constitution of Australia

The Constitution of Australia is the supreme law under which the Commonwealth Government of Australia operates, including its relationship to the States of Australia. It consists of several documents. The most important is the Constitution of the Commonwealth of Australia, which is referred to as the "Constitution" in the remainder of this article. The Constitution was approved in a series of referendums held over 1898–1900 by the people of the Australian colonies, and the approved draft was enacted as a section of the Commonwealth of Australia Constitution Act 1900 (Imp), an Act of the Parliament of the United Kingdom.
The Commonwealth of Australia Constitution Act 1900 (Imp) became law on 9 July 1900, and entered into force on 1 January 1901. Even though the Constitution was originally given legal force by an Act of the United Kingdom parliament, the Australia Act 1986 removed the power of the United Kingdom parliament to change the Constitution as in force in Australia, and the Constitution can now only be changed in accordance with the prescribed referendum procedures.
Other pieces of legislation have constitutional significance for Australia. These are the Statute of Westminster, as adopted by the Commonwealth in the Statute of Westminster Adoption Act 1942, and the Australia Act 1986, which was passed in equivalent forms by the Parliaments of every Australian state, the United Kingdom, and the Australian Federal Parliament. The Statute of Westminster Adoption Act is often regarded as the point at which Australia became, "de jure", an independent nation, while the Australia Act severed the last remaining constitutional links between Australia and the United Kingdom. Even though the same person, Queen Elizabeth II, is the monarch of both countries, she acts in a distinct capacity as monarch of each.
Under Australia's common law system, the High Court of Australia and the Federal Court of Australia have the authority to interpret constitutional provisions. Their decisions determine the interpretation and application of the constitution.
History.
The history of the Constitution of Australia began with moves towards federation in the 19th century, which culminated in the federation of the Australian colonies to form the Commonwealth of Australia in 1901. However, the Constitution has continued to develop since then, with two laws having particularly significant impact on the constitutional status of the nation.
Federation.
In the mid-19th century, a desire to facilitate cooperation on matters of mutual interest, especially intercolonial tariffs, led to proposals to unite the separate British colonies in Australia under a single federation. However, impetus mostly came from Britain and there was only lacklustre local support. The smaller colonies feared domination by the larger ones; Victoria and New South Wales disagreed over the ideology of protectionism; the then-recent American Civil War also hampered the case for federalism. These difficulties led to the failure of several attempts to bring about federation in the 1850s and 1860s.
By the 1880s, fear of the growing presence of the Germans and the French in the Pacific, coupled with a growing Australian identity, created the opportunity for establishing the first inter-colonial body, the Federal Council of Australasia, established in 1889. The Federal Council could legislate on certain subjects, but did not have a permanent secretariat, an executive, or independent source of revenue. The absence of New South Wales, the largest colony, also diminished its representative value.
Henry Parkes, the Premier of New South Wales, was instrumental in pushing for a series of conferences in the 1890s to discuss federalismone in Melbourne in 1890, and another (the National Australasian Convention) in Sydney in 1891, attended by colonial leaders. By the 1891 conference, significant momentum had been built for the federalist cause, and discussion turned to the proper system of government for a federal state. Under the guidance of Sir Samuel Griffith, a draft constitution was drawn up. However, these meetings lacked popular support. Furthermore, the draft constitution sidestepped certain important issues, such as tariff policy. The draft of 1891 was submitted to colonial parliaments but lapsed in New South Wales, after which the other colonies were unwilling to proceed.
In 1895, the six premiers of the Australian colonies agreed to establish a new Convention by popular vote. The Convention met over the course of a year from 1897 to 1898. The meetings produced a new draft which contained substantially the same principles of government as the 1891 draft, but with added provisions for responsible government. To ensure popular support, the draft was presented to the electors of each colony. After one failed attempt, an amended draft was submitted to the electors of each colony except Western Australia. After ratification by the five colonies, the Bill was presented to the British Imperial Parliament with an Address requesting Queen Victoria to enact the Bill.
Before the Bill was passed, however, one final change was made by the imperial government, upon lobbying by the Chief Justices of the colonies, so that the right to appeal from the High Court to the Privy Council on constitutional matters concerning the limits of the powers of the Commonwealth or States could not be curtailed by parliament. Finally, the Commonwealth of Australia Constitution Act was passed by the British Parliament in 1900. Western Australia finally agreed to join the Commonwealth in time for it to be an original member of the Commonwealth of Australia, which was officially established on 1 January 1901.
In 1990, the original copy of the Commonwealth of Australia Constitution Act 1900 from the Public Records Office in London was lent to Australia, and the Australian government requested permission to keep the copy. The British parliament agreed by passing the Australian Constitution (Public Record Copy) Act 1990.
The Statute of Westminster and the Australia Acts.
Although Federation is often regarded as the moment of "independence" of Australia from Britain, legally the Commonwealth was a creation of the British Imperial Parliament, through the Commonwealth of Australia Constitution Act 1900 (Imp), which applied to Australia by paramount force. As a result, since Australia was still legally a colony, there was continued uncertainty as to the applicability of British Imperial laws to the Commonwealth. This was resolved by the Statute of Westminster 1931, adopted by the Commonwealth via the Statute of Westminster Adoption Act 1942. The Statute of Westminster freed the Dominions, including the Commonwealth, from Imperial restrictions. Legally, this is often regarded as the moment of Australia's national independence.
However, due to specific exemptions in the Statute of Westminster, Imperial law continued to be paramount in Australian states. This was altered by the Australia Act 1986, which was passed in substantially the same form by the Commonwealth parliament and the British parliament, at the request of each state. In addition to ending the British Parliament's power to legislate over Australian states, the Australia Act also cut the last avenues of appeal from the Australian courts to the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council. As a symbol of the significance of this legislation, Queen Elizabeth II travelled to Australia to personally sign the proclamation of the law.
For the Constitution, the impact of these two laws is that the Constitution as in force in Australia is now separate from the text in the original Act. While the British Parliament can amend or repeal the Imperial Act, that would not affect Australia. Instead, the Constitution as in force in Australia can only be amended following the referendum mechanisms set out in the Constitution. Conversely, any amendment to the Constitution in Australia following the referendum mechanisms would not affect the text of the Imperial Act as in force in the United Kingdom.
Chapters.
The Commonwealth of Australia Constitution Act 1900 (Imp) contains a Preamble, and nine sections. Sections 18 are covering clauses outlining the legal procedures for the establishment of the Commonwealth. Section 9, beginning with the words "The Constitution of the Commonwealth shall be as follows ...", contains the Constitution of the Commonwealth of Australia. The Constitution itself is divided into eight chapters, containing 128 sections.
Chapter I: The Parliament.
Chapter I sets up the legislative branch of government, the Parliament of Australia, which consists of three constituent parts: The Sovereign (King or Queen), who is represented by the Governor-General of Australia; the House of Representatives; and the Senate. Section 1 provides that legislative power is vested in this Parliament, which has paramount power of governance.
Part II of this chapter deals with the Senate. Senators are to be "directly chosen by the people of the State", voting as a single electorate. Each State is to have the same number of senators. Currently, there are 12 senators for each State, and 2 each for the mainland territories, the Northern Territory and the Australian Capital Territory.
Part III deals with the House of Representatives. As nearly as practicable, Section 24 requires the House to be composed of twice as many members as the Senate, each elected by a single electorate. This is the so-called 'Nexus', which is designed to prevent swamping of the senate's power in the case of a joint sitting (see Section 57 below). The number of electorates in a State is to be (roughly) proportional to its share of the national population.
Part IV ("Both Houses of the Parliament") deals with eligibility for voting and election to the parliament, parliamentary allowances, parliamentary rules and related matters.
Part V deals with the powers of the parliament. Section 51 deals with powers of the Commonwealth parliament and are called "specific powers". These contain "concurrent powers", in the sense that both the Commonwealth and States can legislate on these subjects, although federal law prevails in the case of inconsistency (Section 109). Of the thirty-nine elements of section 51, a few have become critical in determining the scope of Commonwealth government action, including the Trade and Commerce Power, the Corporations Power and the External Affairs Power. Section 52 deals with powers "exclusively" vested in the Commonwealth parliament. States cannot legislate on these subjects.
Chapter II: The Executive Government.
Chapter II sets up the executive branch of government. Executive power is to be exercised by the Governor-General, advised by the Federal Executive Council. Under this Chapter, the Governor-General is the commander in chief, and may appoint and dismiss the members of the Executive Council, ministers of state, and all officers of the executive government. These powers, along with the powers to dissolve (or refuse to dissolve) parliament (Section 5, Section 57), are termed "reserve powers", and their use is dictated by convention. Generally, the Governor-General acts only on the advice of the Prime Minister. There has been only one instance of the Governor-General acting outside the advice of the Prime Minister of the day, when Governor-General Sir John Kerr, acting on his own authority, dismissed Prime Minister Gough Whitlam in the 1975 Australian constitutional crisis.
Reserve powers in all Westminster nations are only "extremely" rarely exercised outside of the understood conventions. However, in contrast with the constitutions of other Commonwealth Realms such as Canada which formally grant extensive reserve powers to the Monarch, even the formal powers of the Queen of Australia are extremely limited, and most powers are only exercisable by the Governor-General.
Section 68 states that the Commander in chief of Australia's naval and military forces as being: "The commander in chief of the naval and military forces of the Commonwealth is vested in the Governor General as the Queen's representative". The Commander in chief of the Australian Defence Force is therefore currently Her Excellency Quentin Bryce as the Governor General of Australia whilst the Queen of Australia is not in command of the military.
Chapter III: The Judicature.
Chapter III sets up the judicial branch of government. Section 71 vests judicial power in a "Federal Supreme Court" to be called the High Court of Australia, and such other federal courts as Parliament creates, and in such other courts as Parliament invests with federal jurisdiction. Such courts are called "Chapter III Courts" are the only courts that can exercise federal judicial power. Sections 73 and 75-78 outline the original and appellate jurisdiction of the High Court. Section 74 provides for the circumstances in which an appeal can be made to the Queen in Council. Section 79 allows Parliament to prescribe the number of judges able to exercise federal jurisdiction and section 80 guarantees trial by jury for indictable offences against the Commonwealth.
Chapter IV: Trade.
Chapter IV deals with finance and trade in the federal system. Section 81 prescribes that all Commonwealth revenue shall form the Consolidated Revenue Fund. Parliament can make laws as to the appropriations of money (Section 53). Unlike most other powers of the parliament, laws made under the appropriations power are not ordinarily susceptible to effective legal challenge. Section 90 gives the Commonwealth exclusive power over duties of custom and excise.
Section 92 provides that "trade, commerce, and intercourse among the States shall be "absolutely free"". The precise meaning of this phrase is the subject of a considerable body of law.
Section 96 gives the Commonwealth power to make grants to States "on such terms and conditions as the Parliament thinks fit". This power has been held to be unconstrained by any other provision, such as Section 99 which forbids giving preference to one State or part thereof over another State or part thereof. It is subject only to Section 116, freedom of religion, and possibly other such freedoms. This power, although evidently envisaged as a temporary measure ("during a period of ten years ... and thereafter until the Parliament otherwise provides"), has been used by the Commonwealth to encourage cooperation by the States to various extents over the years.
Section 101 sets up an Inter-State Commission, a body which is now defunct, but which was originally envisaged to have a significant role in the federal structure.
Chapter V: The States.
Chapter V contains provisions dealing with the States and their role under the federal system. Sections 106-108 preserves the Constitution, powers of the Parliament, and the laws in force of each of the States.
Section 109 provides that, where a State law is inconsistent with a federal law, the federal law prevails (to the extent of the inconsistency).
Section 111 provides that a State can surrender any part of the State to the Commonwealth. This has occurred on several occasions, most notably the surrender by South Australia to the Commonwealth of the Northern Territory.
Section 114 forbids any State from raising a military force, and also forbids the State or the Commonwealth from taxing each other's property.
Section 116 establishes what is often called "freedom of religion", by forbidding "the Commonwealth" from making any law for the establishment of a religion, imposing any religious observance, or prohibiting the exercise of a religion, or religious discrimination for public office.
Chapter VI: New States.
Chapter VI allows for the establishment or admission of new states. Section 122 allows the Parliament to provide for the representation in Parliament of any territory surrendered by the States, or placed by the Queen in the authority of the Commonwealth. Section 123 requires that changing the boundaries of a State requires the consent of the Parliament of that State and approval by referendum in that State.
No new states have been admitted to the Commonwealth since federation.
Chapter VII: Miscellaneous.
Chapter VII provides that the seat of government of the Commonwealth (now Canberra) shall be located within New South Wales but no less than one hundred miles from Sydney, and that the Governor-General may appoint deputies. Section 127 previously provided that Aborigines cannot be counted in any Commonwealth or State census; this section was repealed in 1967.
Chapter VIII: Alteration of the Constitution.
Chapter VIII specifies the procedures for amending the Constitution. Section 128 provides that constitutional amendments must be approved by a referendum. Successful amendment requires:
The referendum bill must be put to the people by the Governor-General between two and six months after passing parliament. After the constitutional amendment bill has passed both the parliamentary stage and the referendum, it then receives Royal Assent. When proclaimed, it will be in effect, and the wording of the Constitution will be changed.
An exception to this process is if the amendment bill is rejected by one house of Federal Parliament. If the bill passes the first house and is rejected by the second, then after three months the first house may pass it again. If the bill is still rejected by the second house, then the Governor-General may choose to still put the bill to the people's vote.
Section 128 also provides that any amendment affecting equal representation of a State in the Senate, or minimum representation in the House of Representatives can only be presented for Royal Assent if it is approved in that State.
Amendments.
As mentioned above, successful amendment of the Constitution requires a referendum in which the "Yes" vote achieves a majority nationally, as well as majorities in a majority of states.
Forty-four proposals to amend the Constitution have been voted on at referendums, of which eight have been approved. The following is a list of amendments which have been approved. For a complete list of all referendums and plebiscites held, see Referendums in AustraliaReferendums and plebiscites by year.
The role of conventions.
Alongside the text of the Constitution, the Statute of Westminster and the Australia Acts, and Letters Patent issued by the Crown, conventions are an important aspect of the Constitution, which have evolved over the decades and define how various constitutional mechanisms operate in practice.
Conventions play a powerful role in the operation of the Australian constitution because of its set-up and operation as a Westminster system of responsible government. Some notable conventions include:
However, because conventions are not textually based, their existence and practice are open to debate. Real or alleged violation of convention has often led to political controversy. The most extreme case was the Australian constitutional crisis of 1975, in which the operation of conventions was seriously tested. The ensuing constitutional crisis was resolved dramatically when the Governor-General Sir John Kerr dismissed the Labor Prime Minister Gough Whitlam, appointing Malcolm Fraser as caretaker Prime Minister pending the 1975 general election. A number of conventions were said to be broken during this episode. These include:
Interpretation.
In line with the common law tradition in Australia, the law on the interpretation and application of the Constitution has developed largely through judgments by the High Court of Australia in various cases. In a number of seminal cases, the High Court has developed several doctrines which underlie the interpretation of the Australian Constitution. Some examples include:
The vast majority of constitutional cases before the High Court deal with characterisation: whether new laws fall within a permissible head of power granted to the Commonwealth government by the Constitution.
Protection of rights.
The Australian Constitution does not include a Bill of Rights. Some delegates to the 1898 Constitutional Convention favoured a section similar to the Bill of Rights of the United States Constitution, but the majority felt that the traditional rights and freedoms of British subjects were sufficiently guaranteed by the Parliamentary system and independent judiciary which the Constitution would create. As a result, the Australian Constitution has often been criticised for its scant protection of rights and freedoms.
Some express rights were, however, included:
There are also some guaranteed freedoms, reasons why legislation that might otherwise be within power may nonetheless be invalid. These are not rights of individuals, but limitations upon legislative power. However, where legislation that would adversely affect an individual is found to be invalid for such a reason, the effect for the individual is similar to vindicating a right of that individual. There is one express "freedom".
There is also one implied right that is agreed upon by a majority judgment of the High Court. An implied right is one that is not written explicitly into the wording of the Constitution, but that the High Court has found to be implied by reading two or more sections together. The implied right of freedom of political communication is discussed below.
In addition to individual rights explicitly written into the Constitution and found to be implied by sections within it there is a final category of rights known as 'structural protections'. Rather than being individual rights, these are broad protections for the community as a whole, taken from the systems and principles created by and underpinning the text and structure of the Constitution as a whole. One of the more well-known of these protections is the community right to a democratically-elected parliament, commonly thought of as a limited "right" to vote, which is discussed below.
The following are implied rights or freedoms:
Attempts in High Court cases to find further implied rights or freedoms have not been successful. Implication of a freedom of association and a freedom of assembly, independently or linked to that of political communication, has received occasional judicial support but not from a majority in any case.
Proposals for major changes.
Amongst the amendments proposed to the Constitution over the years, two proposals for major change have been prominent in recent decades, and both were considered, and defeated, in the 1999 referendum.
Preamble.
While a "pro forma" preamble prefaces the Imperial Commonwealth of Australia Constitution Act 1900, the Australian Constitution itself does not contain a preamble. There have been some calls for the insertion of such a section to express the spirit and aspirations embodied in the constitution. However, there has been fierce opposition, usually on the basis of the content of the preamble, as well as possible legal ramifications of this text. In 1999, a proposed preamble, principally authored by John Howard, the then Prime Minister, was defeated in a referendum held concurrently with the Republic referendum. The "Yes" vote (in favour of the insertion of the preamble) did not achieve a majority in any of the six states.
Republic proposals.
At various times since Federation, debates have occurred over whether Australia should become a republic. On 6 November 1999, Australians rejected a proposal to remove the Queen and replace the Governor-General with a President appointed by a two-thirds majority of the members of the Commonwealth Parliament.
Commemoration.
Constitution Day is celebrated on 9 July, the date the Constitution became law in 1900. The date is not a public holiday. Constitution Day was first held on 9 July 2000 to mark the centenary of the Constitution in the lead up to the Centenary of Federation, although commemorations were low key and were not widely held after 2001. Constitution Day was revived in 2007 and is jointly organised by the National Archives of Australia, which holds the original Constitution documents, and the Department of Immigration and Citizenship.

</doc>
<doc id="18579524" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18579524" title="Gingger Shankar">
Gingger Shankar

Gingger Shankar is an Indian American singer, composer and multi-instrumentalist. She has scored several award-winning films, including "Passion of the Christ" and "Circumstance".
Early life.
Shankar was born in Los Angeles, California and raised there and in India. She is the eldest daughter of violinist Dr. L. Subramaniam. Her mother, Viji Subramaniam, was a classical singer and as was her grandmother Lakshmi Shankar (the sister-in-law of noted sitarist Ravi Shankar). As a child, she learned to sing, dance, and play violin and piano and attended the Kalakshetra creative arts school in Chennai, Tamil Nadu. Later, she studied opera vocals with professional opera singer Tantoo Cardinal in Sherman Oaks, California. She also modeled and acted in stage productions. She began performing professionally at age 14.
Instruments.
Shankar plays the violin and piano. She is the only female in the world to play the double violin. This ten-string, stereophonic instrument was designed by her uncle L. Shankar and built by guitar maker Ken Parker. The instrument covers the entire orchestral range, including double bass, cello, viola and violin.
Career.
Motion pictures.
In 2004, she collaborated with L. Shankar and composer John Debney on the Oscar-nominated score for the movie "The Passion of the Christ". Her voice and double violin can be heard throughout the movie, and she is also credited with co-composing several musical cues.
Shankar has been associated with the Indian Film Festival of Los Angeles. She has performed for them several times, as well as receiving their scoring achievement award for her contribution to "The Passion of the Christ".
She composed music for Al Massad's Sundance award-winning documentary "Recycle" as well as his documentary "This is My Picture When I Was Dead", which won first prize for best documentary at the Dubai International Film Festival.
In 2007, Shankar was chosen as one of six film composers chosen to attend the Sundance Institute Composer's Lab.
She is also credited with co-writing and performing for the 2007 film "Charlie Wilson's War", alongside composer James Newton Howard.
Shankar contributed to the 2008 film "The Forbidden Kingdom".
Shankar was one of five composer/musicians to perform at the Sundance Film Festival's Artist at the Table on opening night in 2010.
She composed music for the 2011 film, "Circumstance", which won the Sundance Audience Choice Award.
Musician.
Shankar has toured with L. Shankar, Zakir Hussain, and Vikku Vinayakram. and has performed in numerous festivals and venues alongside acts such as Smashing Pumpkins, Tony Levin, Steve Vai, Steve Lukather, Sussan Deyhim, James Newton Howard, Talvin Singh, and Rabbit in the Moon.
She performs on a track in the 2007 Saul Williams album "Niggy Tardust", produced by Trent Reznor.
In March 2007, she was one of the headliners of San Diego Indie Music Festival.
In July 2007, Shankar appeared in two Sgt. Pepper's 40th Year Anniversary Concerts at the Hollywood Bowl.
In 2008, she made her debut as a soprano with the Chicago Symphony Orchestra in Osvaldo Golijov's opera "Ainadamar", and later performed the role at Carnegie Hall.
She performed with former Dirty Vegas frontman Steve Smith at the Sundance Film Festival.
In 2008-09, she joined the Smashing Pumpkins for their 20th anniversary tour, singing and playing the double violin. She can also be seen in their music video for the song "G.L.O.W.".
Shankar is working on her upcoming album with Adam Aaronson (formerly of High Speed Scene), Chris Haynes, Scott Seiver, and others. She has previously worked with Rabbit in the Moon, collaborating with them for the Ultra Music Festival in 2007. On July 16, 2012 she appeared in the music video "Love All Humans" alongside guitarist Anthony Gallo, actress Kate Kelton, model Tara Bre and others.

</doc>
<doc id="18579531" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18579531" title="Uza, Israel">
Uza, Israel

Uza (, eng. Strength) is a religious moshav in southern Israel. Located in Hevel Lakhish around two kilometres south of Kiryat Gat and covering 1,000 dunams, it falls under the jurisdiction of Shafir Regional Council. In 2006, it had a population of 463.
The village was established in 1950. Biblical "name taken from passage "Summon the might, O God, show the strength, O God, thou who hast wrought for us" (Ps 68:28)."

</doc>
<doc id="18579544" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18579544" title="Zavdiel">
Zavdiel

Zavdiel (, eng. Gift of God) is a religious moshav in southern Israel. "Name derives from a passage in Nehemiah (11:14)", where it's the name of a priest returning from Babel. Located in Hevel Lakhish near Kiryat Gat, it falls under the jurisdiction of Shafir Regional Council. In 2006, it had a population of 413.
The village was established in 1950 by immigrants from Yemen on lands which had formerly belonged to the depopulated Arab village of Hatta.

</doc>
<doc id="18579545" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18579545" title="Marqués de Comillas">
Marqués de Comillas

Marqués de Comillas is one of the 119 municipalities of Chiapas, in southern Mexico. Its municipal seat is Zamora Pico de Oro.
As of 2005, the municipality had a total population of 8,580. It covers an area of 933 km².

</doc>
<doc id="18579550" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18579550" title="Marcos González de Balcarce">
Marcos González de Balcarce

Marcos González de Balcarce (1777–1832) was an Argentine military commander and politician in the early 19th century.
González de Balcarce was born in Buenos Aires. He was the son of General Francisco González de Balcarce and younger brother of Juan Ramón and Antonio, both distinguished military commanders and politicians also. He joined the armed forces as a cadet in 1788, under the command of his father, and fought in Vicroy Rafael de Sobremonte's campaigns against incursions by Portuguese Brazilian forces into Misiones Province. 
During the British invasions of the Río de la Plata, he was captured by the British Navy in the Battle for Montevideo of 1807, and taken to England. After his release, he fought in the service of Spain during the Peninsular War against Napoleon. After his return to Buenos Aires, he participated in the May Revolution in 1810, and was named Governor of Cuyo (western Argentina) by Supreme Director Gervasio Posadas, serving in that capacity from July to September 1812; he was succeeded by General José de San Martín.
González de Balcarce served as War Minister to Supreme Director Ignacio Álvarez Thomas in 1815, and led a campaign against the Liga Federal of eastern separatists, meeting defeat at the hand of Entre Ríos Province leader Francisco Ramírez. He later served as minister in a variety of subsequent governments, many which were staunch enemies of each other, including Governor Juan Gregorio de Las Heras, Presidents Bernardino Rivadavia and Vicente López y Planes, and Governor Juan Manuel de Rosas. He died of ill health in Buenos Aires in 1832.

</doc>
<doc id="18579554" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18579554" title="Janez Trdina">
Janez Trdina

Janez Trdina (29 May 1830–17 June 1905) was a Slovene writer and historian. The renowned author Ivan Cankar described him as the best Slovene stylist of his period. He was an ardent describer of the Gorjanci Hills and of the Lower Carniolan region in general. Trdina Peak (, ), the highest peak in the Gorjanci range on the border between Slovenia and Croatia, was named for him in 1923.
Biography.
Trdina was born in Mengeš in the northern Carniola, then part of the Austrian Empire. He attended school in Ljubljana and studied history, geography, and Slavic philology in Vienna. He worked as a teacher in Croatia, in Varaždin and in Rijeka. In 1867, he was retired on charges of misleading students with his radical liberal political views. He moved to Bršljin near Novo Mesto, and later to the town itself.
Work.
Trdina travelled widely across the southeastern Carniola, compiling notes on the life and customs of local people. His notebooks were filled with folk sayings, folk tales, anecdotes, and customs. Trdina edited them in an emphasized realistic, even naturalistic manner, rejecting the Romantic vision of an idyllic countryside. In 1882, he published these notes in a volume titled "Bajke in povesti o Gorjancih" (Tales and Stories of the Gorjanci Hills).

</doc>
<doc id="18579555" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18579555" title="Guided Advanced Tactical Rocket – Laser">
Guided Advanced Tactical Rocket – Laser

The Guided Advanced Tactical Rocket (GATR) is a weapons systems under development by Alliant Techsystems and Elbit Systems. It is intended to provide a low-cost guided missile compatible with existing unguided 70mm rocket launch platforms such as the Hydra 70.
History.
In April 2013, ATK was awarded a $3.2 million contract from the U.S. Special Operations Command to provide GATR precision guided missiles for evaluation.

</doc>
<doc id="18579589" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18579589" title="Zrahia">
Zrahia

Zrahia () is a religious moshav in southern Israel. Located near Kiryat Malakhi, it falls under the jurisdiction of Shafir Regional Council. In 2012, it had a population of 818.
The village was established in 1950, on land belonging to the depopulated Arab village of Al-Sawafir al-Sharqiyya. Most of the founders were immigrants from Iran, though there were also some from North Africa, particularly Morocco. It was named after Seraiah, the father of Ezra and one of the Jews who came to the Land of Israel after their Babylonian captivity. 

</doc>
<doc id="18579598" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18579598" title="She Knew All the Answers">
She Knew All the Answers

She Knew All the Answers is a 1941 comedy film made by Columbia Pictures, directed by Richard Wallace, and starring by Joan Bennett and Franchot Tone. The screenplay was written by Kenneth Earl and Curtis Kenyon, based on story by Jane Allen and Harry Segall.

</doc>
<doc id="18579618" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18579618" title="Swimming at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Men's 50 metre freestyle">
Swimming at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Men's 50 metre freestyle

The men's 50 metre freestyle event at the 2008 Olympic Games took place on 14–16 August at the Beijing National Aquatics Center in Beijing, China. 
César Cielo made an Olympic milestone to become Brazil's first ever gold medalist in swimming. He rocketed to an unexpected triumph in a new Olympic record of 21.30, the second-fastest in history, powering past the field by 0.15 of a second, a sizable chunk in the event's shortest race. The French tandem of Amaury Leveaux and Alain Bernard took home the silver and bronze with respective times of 21.45 and 21.49.
Australia's Ashley Callus finished fourth in 21.62, while his teammate and world record holder Eamon Sullivan was a fraction behind the leading pack in sixth at 21.65. For the first time in Olympic history, no American swimmer had reached the podium in the event, as the reigning world champion Ben Wildman-Tobriner, swimming on the outside in lane eight, pulled off a fifth-place effort in 21.64. Competing at their third Olympics, South Africa's Roland Mark Schoeman (21.67) and Sweden's Stefan Nystrand (21.72) rounded out the finale in seventh and eighth place, respectively.
Earlier in the prelims, Cielo posted a time of 21.47 to erase Alexander Popov's 1992 Olympic record by 0.44 of a second. One heat later, Leveaux established the same record by winning the twelfth heat in 21.46. The following morning, in the semifinals, Cielo lowered again an Olympic record to 21.34 that had been set by Leveaux in the preliminaries under 0.12 seconds.
Records.
Prior to this competition, the existing world and Olympic records were as follows.
The following Olympic records were set during this competition.

</doc>
<doc id="18579625" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18579625" title="European Atomic Forum">
European Atomic Forum

The European Atomic Forum (FORATOM) is the Brussels-based trade association for the nuclear energy industry in Europe. It says that its "main purpose is to promote the use of nuclear energy in Europe by representing the interests of this important and multi-faceted industrial sector."
The current director of Foratom is .
The main activity of the forum is to make European policy more beneficial for the nuclear industry. Its European activities are closely intertwined with that of the European Nuclear Society which holds office at the same address.
Foratom estimated that in 2010 it spent € 1.971.611 on lobbying EU institutions.
External links.
"This article uses text from Powerbase under a GFDL-compatible license."

</doc>
<doc id="18579654" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18579654" title="Alrewas railway station">
Alrewas railway station

Alrewas railway station was a station on the South Staffordshire Railway, which operated in the West Midlands county of Staffordshire, in England. The station was located next to a level crossing, although the road, now the A513, currently crosses over the still extant line on a bridge in Alrewas.
History.
The station was opened by the South Staffordshire Railway, then joined the London and North Western Railway, and was absorbed by the London Midland and Scottish Railway during the Grouping of 1923. The station passed on to the London Midland Region of British Railways on nationalisation in 1948.
The station was then closed by the British Railways Board.
The site today.
The line through the station, which runs from Lichfield on the high-level line and is connected to the Southbound WCML by a single track chord, runs via the station site to Wychnor Junction, near Burton upon Trent. Primarily a freight route, the line is also used by Virgin Trains to move trains from Birmingham to Bombardier's maintenance depot at Central Rivers, near Burton. The route is sometimes used as a means of diverting trains when engineering takes place between Birmingham New Street and Tamworth. 

</doc>
<doc id="18579658" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18579658" title="Aluma">
Aluma

Aluma ( or , "lit." Sheaf) is an Haredi communal settlement in southern Israel. Located in the southern coastal plain around three kilometers north-west of Kiryat Gat, it falls under the jurisdiction of Shafir Regional Council. In 2011, it had a population of 548.
The village was established in 1965 as a youth village named Hazon Yehezkel by a group called "Mosadot Hinukh Ezuri" (lit. "Institute for Regional Education"), made up of young members of Agudat Yisrael. It was built on lands which had formerly belonged to the depopulated Arab village of Hatta. In 1996 the Ministry of Interior gave the village municipal council status and changed its name to Aluma.

</doc>
<doc id="18579659" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18579659" title="Olympique Lyonnais Reserves and Academy">
Olympique Lyonnais Reserves and Academy

The Olympique Lyonnais Reserves & Academy are the reserve team and academy of French club Olympique Lyonnais. The reserves squad play in the Championnat de France amateur division, the fourth division of French football and the highest division the team is allowed to participate in. Lyon have won the reserves title of the Championnat de France amateur six times. They have won in 1998, 2001, 2003, 2006, and 2009, and 2010. 
The U-18 squad participates in their weekly league, the Championnat National Under-18, which is a league comprising four groups of fourteen clubs who play each other twice during the regular season. This session is dubbed Phase 1. Following the regular season, the four group winners are randomly selected to face each other in semi-final matches (dubbed Phase 2) to decide who will play each other in the Under-18 Championnat National championship match, usually held in Mayenne. There is also a third-place match, which is usually held just before the championship match. The Under-18 squad also regularly participates in the Coupe Gambardella. They have won the title on 3 occasions. They won the cup in 1971, 1994, and 1997. 
The U-16 side participates in a league, the Championnat National Under-16, which is a youth league comprising six groups of twelve clubs who play each other twice during the regular season, which is dubbed Phase 1. Following the regular season, the six group winners and the two best second place clubs are randomly inserting into two groups of four, where they play each other at neutral venues once over a span of four days. This portion is dubbed Phase 2. The two winners of each group will then face each other in the championship match to determine the champion of the Under-16 Championnat National. The Under-16 squad also participates in regional cup competitions. 
The current CFA manager is Robert Valette, who played for Olympique Lyonnais for almost 20 years. He has been the CFA manager since 1996. The manager of the Olympique Lyonnais U-18s and U-16s are Patrick Paillot, father of former Olympique Lyonnais defender Sandy Paillot, and Armand Garrido.
Players.
Reserve squad.
"As of 23 June 2013"
Current Academy squad.
Note: All players are eligible to play for Olympique Lyonnais's CFA squad.
"As of 1 February 2013"
Notable academy players.
France
Africa
Rest of World

</doc>
<doc id="18579681" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18579681" title="Meridian Medical Arts Charter High School">
Meridian Medical Arts Charter High School

Meridian Medical Arts Charter High School is a chartered high school in Meridian, Idaho focused on integrating a health science curriculum inside and outside the classroom.

</doc>
<doc id="18579682" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18579682" title="Mapastepec">
Mapastepec

""'Mapastepec' Raccoon( Tepec ) means in the "Hill of the Raccoon." It is located in the southern state of Chiapas, Mexico, falls within the region VII, known as the region Soconusco. This municipality is part of the biosphere reserve of triumph and the crossroads
History.
Mapastepec was founded as a people tributary of the Aztecs in 1486 under the name of Mapachtépec. In the first population census raised by the colonial authorities in 1611 had 265 inhabitants Mapastepec. On July 5, 1955, was upgraded to a villa by decree issued by Ephraim A. Osorio, Governor of the State of Chiapas. 
Physical environment.
Limits.
The municipality of Mapastepec, is located south of Chiapas, between 15 ° 26 '30 "N and 92 ° 53' 30" W, has an area of 1085.6 km ², which represents 1.44% of the state, its boundaries are: west, northwest and north by the municipality of Pijijiapan, La Concordia, on the north and northwest, with Angel Albino Corzo, on the east Siltepec, with Motozintla southeast, with the Acacoyagua and Acapetahua south and the Pacific Ocean to the south, southwest and west. The latitude of the municipal cabecar is 32 m, the average altitude of the municipality is 46 meters
As of 2005, the municipality had a total population of 39,055. It covers an area of 1085 km².
Orography.
Mapastepec, like other coastal towns, stretching from the edge of the Pacific Ocean, with its marshes, lakes and swamps to the peaks of the Sierra Madre which covers much of the ecological reserve known as El Triunfo that has a forest of fog holder of the tallest trees in the country and several unique plant species rarity and beauty. The area of the municipality may be distributed as follows: 35% is mountainous terrain, 20% plains, 30% hills, 5% to rough terrain and 10% wetlands. Alluvial soils predominate deep profiles and silt-sandy texture.
Hydrography.
Altitudes of temperate and wet down the rivers of the area governing the municipality, among the most important may be considered the Novillero, San Nicolas and Sesecapa. Its waters are used primarily for human service, the livestock and agriculture.
Climate.
It is considered hot and humid from January to September and as Costal from October to December, its average annual temperature is 26.5 degrees Celsius, the average annual rainfall of 1783 mm, with the heaviest rainfall from June to September.
Natural Resources.
Chiapas has a wide variety of natural resources, unfortunately irrational exploitation has devastated large areas of woods and forests, causing loss of species of flora and fauna. 
Within its territory there are lots of Biosphere Reserves Triumph and The Crossroads, in addition to the Reforestation Area Huizapa-Sesecapa.
Flora.
The vegetation at this high jungle town on the coast and oak-pine forest in the mountains. Can still be found species of hardwoods such as cedar, spring, hormiguillo, Guanacaste, oak and tepemixtle. Among the fruit we scored avocados, mamey, mango, custard apple, soursop, papausa, cuajinicuil and caspirol, among others. 
The vegetation is common in tropical climates, shows for example three plant communities: the high evergreen forest with species like the hormiguillo (Cordia alliodora), sapodilla (Manilkara zapota), ceiba or kapok tree (Ceiba pentandra), Guanacaste (Enterolo blum ciclocarpun), cinnamon (Calycophyllum), guava flying (Terminalia oblonga).
Fauna.
In the high mountains can be found to what is considered as the representative of the state bird: the peacock, unfortunately in danger of extinction. Also include: Pava, seven cars, hummingbirds, harpy eagle, hawk, parrot, owl, skylark, chupamiel, mockingbird, rook, buzzard, pigeons, doves, Yellow-throated toucans and a variety of beautiful birds such as the Quetzal. Spider monkey, porcupine, anteater, skunk, deer, puma, jaguar, bobcat, agouti, wild boar, tapir, opossums, rabbits, boa, rattlesnake, coral, false coral, nahuyaca, Chichicua, steep and lots of insects . In the coastal region there are armadillos, egrets, kingfishers, gulls, pelicans, gophers, green and black iguanas, crocodiles, bull frogs, toads and turtles. The aquatic fauna of the sea, rivers and lakes pertenciente the municipality: shark, whale, tilapia, catfish, tacazonte, snapper, lists, white bream, sea bass, shrimp, sardines, crab, pigua, scallops, oysters, clams, trout, octopus abundant zooplankton and an endless list of other reptiles, fish and poultry.
Cultural and tourist attractions.
Parties, Dances and Traditions.
The most important celebrations are: the San Pedro Apostol, is considered the patron of the city. Also performed the celebration of the Virgin of Guadalupe. In the month of March every year holds the Mango Fair, with major exhibitions and visit major musical figures.
Crafts.
The municipality has made woodcuts.
Gastronomy.
Typical dishes of the municipality are: tamales iguana, armadillo stew and baked chicken, and marshmallow candies, and nuegados chilacayote and coconut water, beer, cocoa and white pozol.
Resorts.
According to information from the Ministry of Tourism, in 2000 the tourism infrastructure of this town I made up five hotels with 53 rooms. 
One of its main tourist attractions is The Coaches, place located next to the sea for relaxation and recreation for visitors and locals, as well as its natural beauty and its people. 
Pampahonda is the most visited by the inhabitants during the holidays to enjoy desemana holy hot weather that characterizes them.
Sociodemographics.
Ethnic Groups.
According to the results presented in the Second Census of Population and Housing in 2005, living in the town of 129 people who speak an indigenous language.
Demographic Trends.
The total population of the municipality is 39.055 inhabitants, representing 5.88% of the regional and 1.00% of the state, the 50.48% 49.52% were men and women. Its structure is predominantly young, 67% of the population are under 30 years and the median age is 18 years. the period from 1990 to 2000 saw an average annual growth rate (TMAC) of 1.16%, the indicator in the regional and state level was 1.41% and 2.06% respectively.
Religion.
The 65.68% of the population is Catholic, Protestant 14.77%, 4.81% non-evangelical biblical and 13.07% professes no religion. At regional level the behavior is: 58.98% Catholic, Protestant 13.79%, 6.47% non-evangelical biblical and 19.60% professes no religion. While the state sector is 63.83%, 13.92%, 7.96% and 13.07% respectively.
Sports.
The most popular sport in the town's football, being at the top four football fields, which are the field November 20, Santa Cruz, Olimpia and Anahuac. 
It is also regularly engages in basketball, baseball, volleyball, cycling, swimming and charrería, of course, is a national sport.
Economic Activity.
Its economy is based on: 
Agriculture (maize, beans, sorghum, oil palm, coffee, cacao, papaya, banana, watermelon and cantaloupe and mango production in its many varieties); The extensive and intensive livestock farming included the big export scale cattle, which generate substantial revenue to the municipality; Industry processing of milk (cream cheese, mediacrema cheese, cheese snacks, cheese, cream cheese, Cotija cheese and cream) of which has approximately 20 major cheese; extraction industry palm oil, the construction industry, industry of wood processing (sawmills) Fishery production in the coast, rivers, marshes and fish ponds, Trade, Service providers (mechanics, carpentry, upholstery, private schools, etc.). Of course, the growing number of qualified professionals also generate substantial income. Can be highlighted: Civil engineers, industrial electricians, computer systems, agronomy, business administration graduates in law and informatics; Doctors surgeons and animal scientists, teachers, accountants and biologists. 
It has a bank, two automated teller machines and several lenders
Agriculture.
The agricultural sector is the largest in the state. It produces corn, oil palm, banana, watermelon, cantaloupe, tomatoes, coffee, cocoa, rice, beans and sesame, mango, watermelon, orange, avocado, fodder and vegetables. Thanks to the plateau of about 50 percent of its surface (which makes it more suitable for extensive agriculture), it has a significant mechanization, with the vast amount of agricultural tractors to facilitate and speed up field work Mapaneco. 
The huge underground soil moisture and allow the opening and use of deep and shallow wells with vast amounts of water available for this purpose.
Handle.
In Mapastepec there is great variety of mangoes. Here is a good income for the township because of the large production, but there is a great enemy for this fruit, the strong current, wind, and sometimes leads to heavy losses for producers. 
Here are some of the types of mangoes available in Mapastepec: 
Livestock.
Livestock rearing beef and dairy cattle, horses, sheep, pigs and poultry.
Railway.
The Pan American Railway reported that since 1908 the towns of the coast of Chiapas and Soconusco the border of Guatemala and the Tehuantepec Railroad. In 1907 they lay 394 kilometers of track between San Jeronimo and Huehuetán, from where the station is located Mapastepec. In 1911 the Departments of Tonala and Soconusco, located in southern Chiapas, reaching the enormous benefits of being connected with a railway to the rest of the nation. It was the so-called Pan-American Railway, which penetrated the State at kilometer 132 on station José Mora, and ended in 458, the marshal station, and on the border with Guatemala and the Tehuantepec Railroad. 
Currently, the train service is not a function since the 2005 floods washed away roads and has not been repaired.
Tourism.
The highlight, ecological reserves: that of "The Crossroads" south of town, near the Pacific Ocean, which contains the beautiful mangroves with its abundant flora and fauna of the "Idol" to the north, admitted to the closed forest of fog, over 2000 meters above sea level which houses the most diverse flora and fauna of the world, as it has the largest number of species of plants and animals gathered in a single protected area. In the offices of the National Commission of Protected Natural Areas (CONANP) located opposite the central park of the municipal seat can make reservations for guided tours to discover the stunning beauty of these ecological reserves. The beaches can not go unnoticed, are of incomparable beauty, tourists can stay in touch with nature, it has many avenues of access road to their different itineraries.
Trade.
The town has a variety of commercial establishments such as its gas stations, newsagents, two public markets, liquor stores, shoe stores, grocers, boutiques, chemists, tortilerías, many cheese factories, which are sold in various dairy products, ice cream store, bakeries, spare parts, construction materials, shopping mall etc. The purchase of coffee, corn, and cattle. The radio stations in the municipal play an important role in the commercial life of Mapastepec.
Services.
It has most of the services that any city could want: Hotels, motels, lodging, restaurants, public transport, local and foreign, gas stations, hospitals, clinics, doctors' offices, garages, car washing, etc. 
"The community has a hospital belonging to the IMSS-Oportunidades Program is located in the northern part of town, has core specialties such as Pediatrics, Internal Medicine, Gynecology and Obstetrics, General Surgery, Anesthesiology and services such as Adult and Pediatric Hospital , Theatre, Toco surgery, emergency, family medicine, social work, clinical laboratory, Ray. 
The labor intensive area it serves is the coast area and state soconusco as all the services offered are completely free. 
It is noteworthy that has been the host of important health fairs, among which we mention the following: Health Gynecologic Reconstructive Surgery, Traumatology and Orthopaedics which has benefited many families of low economic resources and who do not have a Security System Social. "

</doc>
<doc id="18579691" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18579691" title="Harper Regan">
Harper Regan

Harper Regan is a two act play by Simon Stephens that premiered at the National Theatre in 2008.
Setting.
Set in UK, Autumn of 2006 : from Uxbridge to Stockport to Manchester and back.
Synopsis.
One woman's struggle with the difficulties of her personal and family life.
At forty one, Harper Regan suddenly leaves her family in the suburbs of West London and sets off on a mission to see her father before he dies. Her journey becomes a road trip through the heart of England in this violent and comic exploration of the moralities of sex and death. It explores Harper's relationship with her daughter, husband and mother.
Production history.
UK.
Premiered at the National Theatre in 2008. With Lesley Sharp as Harper Regan.
Israel.
Premiered at the Gesher Theater in Tel Aviv in November 2009 under the direction of Oded Kotler, with Laura Rivlin in the principal role.
United States.
Premiered at Steep Theatre in Chicago, Illinois in January 2010 under the direction of Robin Witt, with Kendra Thulin playing the title role.

</doc>
<doc id="18579693" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18579693" title="A value">
A value

A-Values are numerical values used in the determination of the most stable orientation of atoms in a molecule (Conformational Analysis), as well as a general representation of steric bulk. A-values are derived from energy measurements of a monosubstituted cyclohexane ring. 
Substituents on a cyclohexane ring prefer to reside in the equatorial position to the axial. The difference in Gibbs free energy (ΔG) between the higher energy conformation (axial substitution) and the lower energy conformation (equatorial substitution) is the A-value for that particular substituent.
Utility.
A-values help predict the conformation of cyclohexane rings. The most stable conformation will be the one which has the substituent or substituents equatorial. When multiple substituents are taken into consideration, the conformation where the substituent with the largest A-value is equatorial is favored.
The utility of A-values can be generalized for use outside of cyclohexane conformations. A-values can help predict the steric effect of a substituent. In general, the larger a substituent’s A-value, the larger the steric effect of that substituent. Methyl has an A-value of 1.74 while tert-butyl has an A-value of ~5. Because the A-value of tert-butyl is higher, tert-butyl has a larger steric effect than methyl. This difference in steric effects can be used to help predict reactivity in chemical reactions.
Free energy considerations.
Steric effects play a major role in the assignment of configurations in cyclohexanes. One can use steric hindrances to determine the propensity of a substituent to reside in the axial or equatorial plane. It is known that axial bonds are more hindered than the corresponding equatorial bonds. This is because substituents in the axial position are relatively close to two other axial substituents. This makes it very crowded when bulky substituents are oriented in the axial position. These types of steric interactions are commonly known as 1,3 diaxial interactions. These types of interactions are not present with substituents at the equatorial position.
There are generally considered three principle contributions to the conformational free energy:
Enthalpic components.
When comparing relative stability, 6- and 7-atom interactions can be used to approximate differences in enthalpy between conformations. Each 6-atom interaction is worth 0.9 kcal/mol and each 7-atom interaction is worth 4 kcal/mol. 
Entropic components.
Entropy also plays a role in a substituent’s preference for the equatorial position. The entropic component is determined by the following formula:
Where σ is equal to the number of micro states available for each conformation. 
Due to the larger number of possible conformations of ethyl cyclohexane, the A value is reduced from what would be predicted based purely on enthalpic terms. Due to these favorable entropic conditions, the steric relevance of an ethyl group is similar to that of a methyl substituent.
Table of A-Values.
The following table lists some common A-values in kcal/mol:
Applications.
Predicting reactivity.
One of the original experiments performed by Winston and Holness was measuring the rate of oxidation in trans and cis substituted rings using a Chromium catalyst. The large tBu group used locks the conformation of each molecule placing it equatorial (cis compound shown).
It was observed that the cis compound underwent oxidation at a much faster rate than the trans compound. The proposition was that the large hydroxyl group in the axial position was disfavored and formed the carbonyl more readily to relieve this strain. The trans compound had rates identical to those found in the monosubstituted cyclohexanol.
Approximating intramolecular force strength using A-Values.
Using the A-Values of the hydroxyl and isopropyl subunit, the energetic value of a favorable intramolecular hydrogen bond can be calculated.
Limitations.
A-Values are measured using a mono-substituted cyclohexane ring, and are an indication of only the sterics a particular substituent imparts on the molecule. This leads to a problem when there are possible stabilizing electronic factors in a different system. The carboxylic acid substituent shown below is axial in the ground state, despite a positive A-Value. From this observation, it is clear that there are other possible electronic interactions that stabilize the axial conformation.
Other considerations.
It is important to note that A-values do not predict the physical size of a molecule, only the steric effect. For example, the tert-butyl group (A-value=4.9) has a larger A-value than the trimethylsilyl group (A-value=2.5), yet the tert-butyl group actually occupies less space. This difference can be attributed to the longer length of the carbon-silicon bond as compared to the carbon-carbon bond of the tert-butyl group. The longer bond allows for less interactions with neighboring substituents, which effectively makes the trimethylsilyl group less sterically hindering, thus, lowering its A-value. This can also be seen when comparing the halogens. Bromine, iodine, and chlorine all have similar A-values even though their atomic radii differ. A-values then, predict the apparent size of a substituent, and the relative apparent sizes determine the differences in steric effects between compounds. Thus, A-values are useful tools in determining compound reactivity in chemical reactions.

</doc>
<doc id="18579702" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18579702" title="George Gravatt">
George Gravatt

Lieutenant George Gravatt (1815–1843) was an officer in the British Army. In May 1839, he succeeded Sir Sidney Cotton as commander of the Moreton Bay settlement in what is now Brisbane, Australia. He held the position for three months.
Gravatt was born in Woolwich in London in 1815.
A local hill was named Mount Gravatt, and later this name was transferred to the local suburb.
Gravatt was transferred with his regiment, the 28th Foot Regiment, to Karachi India, where he died in 1843.

</doc>
<doc id="18579709" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18579709" title="Chiapilla">
Chiapilla

Chiapilla is a town and one of the 119 Municipalities of Chiapas, in southern Mexico.
As of 2005, the municipality had a total population of 4,957. It covers an area of 86.9 km².

</doc>
<doc id="18579724" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18579724" title="Even Shmuel">
Even Shmuel

Even Shmuel (, "lit." Stone of Samuel) is a Religious Zionist Moshav in southern Israel. Located around four kilometres south of Kiryat Gat, it falls under the jurisdiction of Shafir Regional Council. In 2012, it had a population of 1,250.
The village was established in 1956 under the name Uman, and was later renamed in honour of the Jewish Canadian philanthropist Samuel Bronfman.

</doc>
<doc id="18579731" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18579731" title="Scott Gemmill">
Scott Gemmill

Scott Gemmill (born 9 June 1987 in Rutherglen) is a Scottish football forward.
Career.
Gemmill began his career with St. Mirren, where he made 10 appearances, all as a substitute, scoring no goals. His debut, on 9 August 2003 against Raith Rovers, at the age of 16 years 61 days made him St Mirren's youngest ever first team player. This record still stands. He was allowed to leave Saints in June 2007, and dropped down to the Scottish Second Division to join Berwick Rangers. He made 30 appearances for Berwick, scoring 8 goals, before leaving the club after only one season in June 2008.
Gemmill joined Scottish First Division side Clyde in July 2008, signing a one year contract. He made his debut a day later, in a 2-0 victory over Annan Athletic in the Scottish Challenge Cup. He scored his first goal for Clyde on 30 August 2008, in a 3-2 victory over St. Johnstone.
Gemmill was released by Clyde in June 2009 along with the rest of the out of contract players, due to the club's financial position. 
Gemmill went on to join Airdrie United but left the club at the end of season 2010-2011.
Statistics.
"Correct as of 16 January 2009"

</doc>
<doc id="18579739" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18579739" title="Junior Tia-Kilifi">
Junior Tia-Kilifi

Junior Tia-Kilifi (JTK) (born 24 April 1988 in New Zealand) is a rugby league player who currently plays for the Penrith Panthers in the National Rugby League, and previously played for the Canterbury-Bankstown Bulldogs. He is a Samoan international. Tia-Kilifi usually plays on the wing or as a centre. He attended Chifley College in Mt Druitt and St Dominics College in Penrith and played for the school team. Tia-Kalifi played his junior footy for Minchinbury Jets.
Playing career.
Tia-Kilifi made his debut with the Penrith Panthers in 2009, but left the club at the end of the season to sign a two year contract with the Bulldogs, commencing at the start of the 2010 season.
Since joining the Bulldogs, Tia-Kilifi mostly played for their feeder side in the NSW Cup. At the end of the 2011 season, he moved back to the Panthers in a one year contract. He then renewed his contract fro another season.
International career.
Tia-Kilifi was called up for the Samoa national rugby league team in 2006, but never played.

</doc>
<doc id="18579757" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18579757" title="Municipal Borough of Middleton">
Municipal Borough of Middleton

The Municipal Borough of Middleton was, from 1886 to 1974, a municipal borough in the administrative county of Lancashire, England, coterminate with the town of Middleton.
Civic history.
By the nineteenth century the neighbouring townships of Middleton and Tonge formed a single town. The townships, separated by the River Irk, lay in different parishes and local administration was in the hands of constables appointed by the Lord of the Manor.
In 1861 a local act of parliament established Middleton and Tonge Improvement Commissioners to provide public services in the area. In 1879 the improvement commissioners district was enlarged to take in Alkrington and parts of Hopwood and Thornham. 
Following a petition by the inhabitant householders of the improvement commissioners district, a charter of incorporation was granted on 21 July 1886, constituting the area as the Municipal Borough of Middleton.
The borough was enlarged in 1894 by the addition of parts of the townships of Great Heaton and Little Heaton, and the boundaries with neighbouring districts were adjusted in 1933 by a County Review Order.
The borough was abolished by the Local Government Act 1972, with its area becoming part of the Metropolitan Borough of Rochdale in the new county of Greater Manchester in 1974.
Borough council.
The charter created an elected town council for the borough, consisting of a mayor, six aldermen and eighteen councillors. The borough was divided into three wards, and two councillors were elected for a three-year term in each ward annually. Each ward was also represented by two alderman: half of the aldermanic bench were elected by the council every three years, and they each served for six years. The mayor was elected annually from among the council's membership.
In the early years the borough council appears to have non-political, and elections were rarely contested, with an agreed panel of candidates standing unopposed. In later years the council was broadly Conservative in complexion. Following the Second World War elections were held on party political lines. The Conservative Party had an overall majority until 1957, with Labour, Liberal and Independent councilors in opposition. 
In 1957 the size of the borough council was increased from twenty-four to thirty-six. The Labour Party gained control of the enlarged council, and held it until 1960. Apart from one year under no overall control, the administration of the borough alternated between the Conservatives (1960–1963 and 1969–1971) and Labour (1963–1969 and 1972–1974).
Coat of arms.
The Mayor, Alderman and Burgesses of Middleton were granted armorial bearings by the College of Arms on 28 January 1877. The blazon of the arms was as follows:
"Quarterly per pale nebuly gules and argent on a fesse ermine between a cross patonce of the second in the first quarter a mullet sable pierced of the field in the second a silkworm moth volant in the third and a rock in base thereon a stork in the fourth three sprigs of the cotton tree slipped and fructed all proper, and for a crest on a wreath of the colours upon a mount vert between two boars' heads erect and couped sable a tower proper suspended therefrom by a riband gules an escutcheon Or charged with a lion passant also gules."
The design combined features from the arms of local families with symbols of the town's industries. The basic layout of the shield was based on the arms of Middleton of Middleton Hall: ""Quarterly gules and Or in the first a cross flory argent"", while the black spur-rowel came from the arms of the Assheton family. The textile industries of Middleton were depicted by the cotton sprigs and silk worm moth. According to the borough council the stork represented ""the desire for the increase in population'"". The crest above the shield was made up of a tower and lion from the heraldry of the Earls of Middleton between two boars' heads from the arms of another Middleton family.
The borough borrowed the Latin motto of the Middleton Earls: "Fortis in Arduis" or "strong in difficulties".

</doc>
<doc id="18579773" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18579773" title="Gallery Itsutsuji">
Gallery Itsutsuji

 
Gallery Itsutsuji is a contemporary art gallery founded in 1990 by Michiyasu Itsutsuji.
History.
Expanding a tradition built over 20 years from around 1970 to 1990 by Fuji Television Gallery, Michiyasu Itsutsuji founded in the traditional cultural heart of Tokyo (Bunkyo-ku) this contemporary art gallery in 1990 (see Art Museum, notable galleries list). Michiyasu Itsutsuji was made by French Culture Ministry a Knight (chevalier) of Ordre des Arts et Lettres (reputed sponsor Musee du Jeu de Paume's D. Abadie.
When in the mid 60s to 70s the support-surface movement appeared in France, Gallery Itsutsuji was the point of introduction of the movement into Japan, exposing it to museums and private and corporate collections.
For example, Claude Viallat, Louis Cane, Jean-Pierre Pincemin, Daniel Dezeuze, and at the same time Jean-Michel Meurice, Gérard Titus-Carmel, Pierre Buraglio.
Currently, while still representing the artist the gallery helped introducing to Japan, the gallery promotes the following younger artists: Guillaume Bottazzi from France, Katsue Sukenari from Japan and others. It also promotes Japanese contemporary artists, Ay-O being one of them.
Biography.
Before founding his own gallery, Michiyasu Itsutsuji worked at the Fuji TV gallery. He recently played advisory roles in some exhibits at Fukui City Museum, Miyazaki prefectural art museum.

</doc>
<doc id="18579774" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18579774" title="Chapultenango">
Chapultenango

As of 2005, the municipality had a total population of 6,965. It covers an area of 161.5 km².

</doc>
<doc id="18579790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18579790" title="Samia Yusuf Omar">
Samia Yusuf Omar

Samia Yusuf Omar or Samiyo Omar (, ) (March 25, 1991 – April 2012) was a sprinter from Somalia.
Life.
Samia was born in Somalia in 1991, the oldest of six children. She came from a poor family and hailed from one of the country's minority ethnic groups.
Career.
In preparation for competitive meets in 2008, Omar trained under difficult circumstances, facing harassment from local militants who did not believe that Muslim women should participate in sporting activities. On account of civil unrest in Mogadishu, she also did not benefit from the consistent coaching, reliable facilities and competitive meets that other elite-level athletes enjoy.
In May 2008, Samia competed in the 100 metre sprint at the African Championships. Only 16 years old at the time of the competition, she finished last in her first round heat.
Samia also represented Somalia at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing. She managed a personal record of 32.16 seconds in the 200 metre sprint event, with the crowd roaring in applause.
In 2011, Samia moved to Addis Abeba, the capital of neighboring Ethiopia, where a more robust and established running culture exists. Now a middle-distance athlete, she was due to begin training with former Olympian Eshetu Tura, who was recommended to her by the prominent Qatar-based Somali track coach Jama Aden and the Olympic medalist Mohamed Suleiman. Samia hoped to be prepared in time to compete in the 2012 Summer Olympics in London.
Death.
On 19 August 2012, the "Corriere della Sera" reported that Samia had died while on her way to Italy on a boat from Libya. The information came from her compatriot and fellow runner Abdi Bile, and was "difficult to verify" according to the newspaper. In response to the news, Al Jazeera journalist Teresa Krug, who had previously interviewed Samia and maintained contact with her, reported that Samia had left Ethiopia in 2011, crossed the Sudan and reached Libya, where she was imprisoned for a time for unspecified reasons. She had hoped to reach Italy and find a coach to train for the 2012 London Games. Krug told Rina Brundu of "Rosebud": "From the news reports—and her older sister, who had the death confirmed by a fellow passenger—I think the boat accident happened early April 2012. However, this did not come to my attention until a couple weeks ago when Abdi Bile informed the rest of the world".
On 20 August, the BBC reported that it had received confirmation of Samia's death from Somalia's National Olympic Committee. By 21 August, wider English-language media had begun to pick up on the story. The Associated Press reported that Qadijo Aden Dahir, the Deputy Chairman for Somalia's athletics federation, had confirmed that Samia had drowned off the Libyan seaboard in July while trying to reach Italy from her home in Ethiopia. Qadijo added that "it's a sad death...She was our favorite for the London Olympics."
To her heroic story of passion, endurance, bravery and purity of intent in the midst of most adverse conditions is dedicated the book 'Non dirmi che hai paura' (Don't tell me you are afraid) by Italian journalist Giuseppe Catozzella.
Quotes.
"We know that we are different from the other athletes. But we don’t want to show it. We try our best to look like the rest. We understand we are not anywhere near the level of the other competitors here. We understand that very, very well. But more than anything else, we would like to show the dignity of ourselves and our country."- Samia Yusuf Omar, 2008

</doc>
<doc id="18579791" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18579791" title="Neoca 2s">
Neoca 2s

The Neoca 2S is a 35mm rangefinder camera made in Japan in 1955 and 1956. It has a dual-stroke advance lever and a central shutter; neither feature is typical for this kind of camera. The lens is a Neokor anastigmat f=45mm/3.5. 
Shutter speeds are B and 1 sec to 1/300s. Depth of field is indicated on the lens barrel. The distance scale is in metres. It has no exposure meter. Users on internet newsgroups report the camera scratches their film.

</doc>
<doc id="18579793" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18579793" title="Chenalhó">
Chenalhó

Chenalhó is a town and one of the 119 municipalities of Chiapas, in southern Mexico.
As of 2005, the municipality had a total population of 27,331. It covers an area of 113 km².
The Acteal Massacre of 22 December 1997 occurred in the municipality of Chenalhó.

</doc>
<doc id="18579801" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18579801" title="Ton containers">
Ton containers

A ton container is a steel, cylindrical barrel equivalent in length and diameter to two stacked 55-gallon drums. A ton container weighs approximately 1,600 pounds and measures nearly seven feet in length.
The United States Army has used ton containers to store and ship bulk chemicals, including chemical agent, since the 1930s.
Ton containers are also used to store chemicals in water treatment plants.

</doc>
<doc id="18579814" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18579814" title="Madison Historic District (Madison, Indiana)">
Madison Historic District (Madison, Indiana)

The Madison Historic District is a historic district located in Madison, Indiana. In 2006, it was named a National Historic Landmark due to its unique Midwestern beauty and architecture scheme. Among the prominent buildings in the district are the Lanier Mansion, one of two buildings separately considered a National Historic Landmark in the district, and the Schofield House, the birthplace of the Grand Lodge of Indiana. In total, it comprises 133 blocks of Madison, Indiana, overlooking the Ohio River in Jefferson County, Indiana.
Madison's most prominent days were before 1860. It was a major transportation hub, taking river commerce and shipping it to the inland of Indiana. Once transportation routes changed, Madison faltered until the tourism industry saved it more than a century later.
Many of the prominent buildings in the district were built by Madison-native-architect Francis Costigan, who favored the Greek Revival style. Two of these are National Historic Landmarks: the Lanier Mansion, and the Charles L. Shrewsbury House. The Lanier Mansion was the former home of James Lanier, who lent money to governor Oliver P. Morton to run the Indiana state government to circumvent the legislative process between 1862-1865. The Shrewsbury-Windle House was built for steamboat captain Charles Shrewsbury, who would later become a mayor of Madison. Costigan, himself, built his home in the district, and it is considered one of the best uses of a narrow lot by modern architects. A thirty-foot parlor is considered the highlight of the House.
Also located in the district is the old railroad depot. When the Madison & Indianapolis Railroad was first built in 1835, Madison was far bigger than the new state capital of Indianapolis. The railroad was constructed by Irish laborers.
Madison was also a major stop on the Underground Railroad, with many homes in the area having once been used for assisting the escape of slaves.

</doc>
<doc id="18579819" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18579819" title="Cintalapa">
Cintalapa

Cintalapa is a town and one of the 119 Municipalities of Chiapas, in southern Mexico.
As of 2005, the municipality had a total population of 64,013. It covers an area of 2404.6 km².

</doc>
<doc id="18579820" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18579820" title="VII CPLP Summit">
VII CPLP Summit

The VII CPLP Summit, which was held on July 24 – July 25, 2008 in Lisbon, Portugal, was the second Community of Portuguese Language Countries summit held in Lisbon.
Senegal.
In this Summit, Senegal become the third associate member of CPLP.
Senegal has a strong community of people that came from Guinea-Bissau and Cape Verde. Senegal also includes the Casamance territory, that was Portuguese until the 19th century, when it was offered to France. Even today, the people of Casamance are more linked with Guinea-Bissau than with Senegal itself, and some of the citizens of the territory even want an independent Portuguese-speaking Casamance country.

</doc>
<doc id="18579848" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18579848" title="Chicoasén">
Chicoasén

Chicoasén is a town and one of the 119 municipalities of Chiapas, located in southern Mexico.
As of 2005, the municipality had a total population of 3,346. It covers an area of 82 km².

</doc>
<doc id="18579871" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18579871" title="Frontera Comalapa">
Frontera Comalapa

Frontera Comalapa is a town and one of the 119 municipalities of Chiapas, in southern Mexico.
As of 2005, the municipality had a total population of 52,168. 
It covers an area of 717.90 km².
History.
In March 2012, authorities discovered the remains of at least 167 people in a cave at a ranch in Frontera Comalapa. A subsequent investigation revealed the remains date back to the pre-Columbian era, between 700 and 1200. There were no obvious signs of violence, and officials believe the cave was previously used as a cemetery. A number of clay works were also recovered.

</doc>
<doc id="18579889" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18579889" title="Bochil">
Bochil

Bochil is a town and one of the 119 municipalities of Chiapas, in southern Mexico.
As of 2005, the municipality had a total population of 22,722. 
It covers an area of 372.7 km².
Bochil serves as the head town for the Second Federal Electoral District of Chiapas.

</doc>
<doc id="18579890" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18579890" title="Henri Frager">
Henri Frager

Henri Jacques Paul Frager (3 March 1897, France - 5 October 1944, Buchenwald concentration camp) was a member of the French Resistance during World War II . He was in succession, second in command of the CARTE network (under André Girard), then head of the SOE (F section) network DONKEYMAN, rising to the rank of major within SOE. He was betrayed to the Germans, deported and executed. 
Life.
The son of Alphonse Jean Frager and Eugénie Louis Adolpine Frager née Sauvier, he married the Russian-born Louba Frager and worked as an architect in Nice in civil life. On 25 November 1940 he dined with André Girard in a restaurant in Antibes. Girard wanted to develop a local network, whereas Frager was then preparing to get to London via Algeria. He reached Algeria in December that year but, after several failed attempts to get from there to London, returned to Antibes in April 1941 and got back into contact with Girard, who recruited him into CARTE as his second in command under the codename "Louba". With André Gillois and Colonel Vautrin, Girard and Frager recruited others for the growing network, and on 19 September 1941 Girard had his first meeting with an SOE agent, Francis Basin (codename "Olive").
Exploring the possibilities for CARTE-SOE cooperation, SOE summoned Girard or any other officer of CARTE to come to London. Not wanting to go himself, Girard sent Frager and on 30 June 1942 the Polish trawler "Tarana" took on Frager and brought him to Gibraltar, from where he flew to England by plane. In London that July, at Orchard Court, he met SOE's chiefs (Maurice Buckmaster, Nicholas Bodington, and probably Charles Hambro and Colin Gubbins). In Girard's name, Frager set out CARTE's needs (means of communication, arms, etc.). Wanting to know more, SOE sent him back to France with Nicholas Bodington (codename "Jean-Paul" or PROFESSOR) to study the possibilities of cooperation, clarify the confused situation in the Lyon region and organised possible parachute drop-zones (SPRUCE). They were landed at Cap d'Antibes on the night of 29/30 July 1942 from the boat "Seadog", with agents Harry Despaigne (MAGNOLIA) and Yvonne Rudellat (SOAPTREE), and on 12 September Bodington returned to England to make a highly favourable report on CARTE.
In November 1942, however, major disagreements broke out between Girard and Frager. The Germans having occupied the previously unoccupied zone of France, SOE wanted to review its plans with CARTE and demanded in a message on 12 November (received via Adolphe Rabinovitch, radio operator of the SPINDLE network) that Girard return to London. Several pick-up attempts that December failed and Frager prepared a report criticising Girard, to be transmitted to London, but Girard found out and also noted the good relations between Frager and Peter Churchill. In January-February 1943, Girard put off his departure for London indefinitely, before finally being picked up by a Hudson on the night of 21/22 February. Frager and Churchill were picked up by Lysander on the night of 23/24 March (landing at Estrées-Saint-Denis near Compiègne, piloted by Hugh Verity, flying in Francis Cammaerts and Georges Dubourdin) and joined Girard in London. However, Girard refused to meet them and SOE distanced itself from Girard, opposing his return to France and warning Frager that he would have to lead what remained of the CARTE network against Hugo Bleicher (known as "colonel Henri") .
On the night of 14/15 April 1943 Frager was returned to France by Lysander (BRONCHITE drop zone, near Tours) and welcomed back by Henri Déricourt. He flew to London again on 20/21 October 1943 (in a Hudson, from the ACHILLE landing strip near Angers), but his pick-up had been organised by Déricourt, now under Sicherheitsdienst surveillance. An altercation occurred before this between Frager and Déricourt over breakfast in a café facing Angers' train station. Frager had brought along his substitute and friend, Roger Bardet (in fact released from prison by Bleicher in exchange for Bardet feeding him information, a promise Bardet seems to have kept), to assist in his departure for London, but Déricourt forbade him from doing so. Frager also believed Déricourt to be a Gestapo agent and Déricourt suspected that Frager thought as much. Hugo Bleicher wrote in his book of his recruitment of Roger Bardet as V-Mann, and how Bardet had got into Paul's good books by revealing to him that Gilbert was a double agent working for Kieffer. There was no sympathy between Bleicher (and the Abwehr) and Kieffer (of the SD). Hugh Verity gives Bleicher's account thus:
On 29 February 1944 Frager was returned to France at Beg-an-Fry near Morlaix, under the codename "Jean-Marie". He was sent as head of the DONKEYMAN network, with orders to develop Resistance groups in the Yonne and on the Côte d'Azur. His networks developed normally, one under Bardet and the other under Kieffer (Kiki). A group headed by Frager sabotaged the celophane factory at Mantes, and reports and photographs of its missions were sent to London. Between June and August 1944, Frager's groups were supplied by 25 parachute drops, but Frager was betrayed and handed over to Bleicher on 8 August 1944. Deported to Buchenwald concentration camp, he was executed on 5 October that year.

</doc>
<doc id="18579903" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18579903" title="William Beer">
William Beer

William Andrew Thomas Beer (born 8 October 1988) is an English cricketer. Primarily a leg break bowler, he currently plays for Sussex County Cricket Club and Horsham.
Promoted from Sussex's youth academy at the end of 2007, Beer made his first-class debut in the season's opening game against Marylebone Cricket Club. Bowling five overs, Beer took one wicket in the MCC's only innings of the match, that of Surrey's Arun Harinath. He also made four appearances in the 2008 Twenty20 Cup, where he took three wickets.

</doc>
<doc id="18579906" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18579906" title="James Ralph (cricketer)">
James Ralph (cricketer)

James Trevor Ralph (born 9 October 1975) is an English cricketer who played one first-class match for Worcestershire and later played minor counties cricket for Shropshire. He was born in Kidderminster, Worcestershire.
As well as playing club cricket for Kidderminster,
Ralph played many times for Worcestershire's Second XI between 1994 and 1996, and a run of good scores in the latter year earned him what turned out to be his only first-class appearance, against South Africa A in August. He failed to grasp the opportunity, however, being dismissed for a pair, and his brief first-class career ended almost as soon as it had begun.
In 1998 Ralph returned to representative cricket with Shropshire in the Minor Counties Championship, and made a number of List A appearances for them in the NatWest Trophy and its successor the C&G Trophy. Perhaps his best performance came against Somerset at Telford in 2000: although Shropshire lost the game by 27 runs, Ralph's unbeaten 102 gained him the man-of-the-match award. He took his only two List A wickets against Buckinghamshire in 2002.
In club cricket, after playing for some years for Shropshire clubs, and most recently for Shifnal, he returned to Kidderminster Victoria for the 2009 season.
In 2012 Ralph moved to Bridgnorth CC in Division three of the Birmingham League, where he was consistently one of the best batsman in the Division.

</doc>
<doc id="18579909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18579909" title="Viceroy of Shaan-Gan">
Viceroy of Shaan-Gan

The Viceroy of Shaan-Gan (Viceroy of Shen-Kan; ), fully referred to in Chinese as the "Governor-General of the Shaanxi and Gansu Provinces and Surrounding Areas Overseeing Military Affairs and Food Production, Manager of Waterways, Director of Civil Affairs" (), was one of eight viceroys in China during the Qing Dynasty. The Viceroy had jurisdiction over the provinces of Shaanxi, Gansu and western Inner Mongolia. Because there were Northwest of the China, the province was known, along with west of the Yellow River, hence the name "Shaan-Gan". Chinese historians hold the view that 'the Viceroy of Shaan-Gan controlled eastern Silk Road's trade and traffic and a strategic position between Central Asia and China.

</doc>
<doc id="18579924" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18579924" title="Battle of Cancha Rayada">
Battle of Cancha Rayada

Battle of Cancha Rayada may refer to: 

</doc>
<doc id="18579947" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18579947" title="Loki's Castle">
Loki's Castle

Loki's Castle is a field of five active hydrothermal vents in the mid-Atlantic ocean, located at 73 degrees north on the Mid-Atlantic Ridge between Greenland and Norway at a depth of . They were discovered in mid-July 2008 and are the most northerly black smokers which have been located. They are of geological interest as they are in a more stable area of the Earth's crust, where tectonic forces are less and consequently fields of hydrothermal vents are relatively less common.
Discovery.
The vents were discovered by a 25-person multinational scientific expedition of the University of Bergen, Norway, more than north of what were previously the most northern vents which were discovered in 2005. The 2005 and 2008 expeditions were both led by geologist Rolf Pedersen of the university’s Centre for Geobiology, aboard the new Research Vessel "G.O. Sars" (named after the Norwegian marine biologist Georg Ossian Sars and launched in May 2003). The vents were located using a remotely controlled undersea vehicle.
Activity.
The five active chimneys of Loki's Castle are venting water as hot as 300 °C (570 °F) and sit on a vast mound of sulfide minerals which is about 825 ft (250 m) in diameter at its base, and some 300 feet (90 m) across its top. A member of the 2008 Expedition, oceanographer Marvin Lilley of the University of Washington, has speculated that this may be the largest such deposit ever seen on the sea floor. The active chimneys are mostly black in colour, but are covered with mats of white bacteria which are living on minerals and materials emitted by the vents. The older chimneys are a mottled red colour, due to the presence of deposits of oxidised iron. 
Preliminary observations have shown the warm area around the Loki's Castle vents to be alive with diverse and apparently unique microorganisms and vent fauna, unlike vent communities observed elsewhere.
The vent field was given the name Loki's Castle as its shape reminded its discoverers of a fantasy castle. The reference to the ancient Norse god Loki was explained by a University of Bergen press release that said it "was an appropriate name for a field that was so difficult to locate".

</doc>
<doc id="18579948" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18579948" title="Davis">
Davis

Davis may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18579949" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18579949" title="Chanal">
Chanal

Chanal is a town and one of the 119 Municipalities of Chiapas, in southern Mexico.
As of 2005, the municipality had a total population of 7,568 . It covers an area of 295.6 km².

</doc>
<doc id="18579970" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18579970" title="Stephan Bodzin">
Stephan Bodzin

Stephan Bodzin (born 4 August 1969 in Bremen) is a German DJ, techno-producer and label owner. Stephan Bodzin also performs as a live artist. A classically educated musician, he is a producer of mainly electronic music projects. In May 2007 Bodzin's debut album "Liebe Ist" was released on the label "Herzblut". 
Biography.
Bodzin was born in Bremen, Germany and is the son of an experimental musician. Composing music for European theaters was the first successful platform for Bodzin's music.
He has been involved with techno music since 2006.
Producers Oliver Huntemann and Marc Romboy have worked with Bodzin. He has remixed songs for Depeche Mode, Booka Shade and The Knife. Bodzin has recorded on Get Physical, Datapunk, Gigolo, Systematic and Giant Wheel record labels.
He describes himself as a "melody man". DJ Hell dubbed Stephan Bodzin's tunes as the "Bremen sound".
Bodzin created his own record label called "HERZBLUT" in 2006 where he found the ideal creative framework for his endeavors.
Discography.
STEPHAN BODZIN
STEPHAN BODZIN vs MARC ROMBOY (with Marc Romboy)
BODZIN & HUNTEMANN (with Oliver Huntemann)
REKORDER (with Oliver Huntemann)
ELEKTROCHEMIE (with Thomas Schumacher & Caitlin Devlin)
THOMAS SCHUMACHER (with Thomas Schumacher)
H-MAN (with Oliver Huntemann)

</doc>
<doc id="18579972" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18579972" title="Aislín McGuckin">
Aislín McGuckin

Aislín McGuckin is a Northern-Irish actress who was born in Newry, County Down, Northern Ireland in 1974. Since 2004, she has been married to Aidan McArdle. She is best known for her role as Dr. Liz Merrick in Heartbeat and as being one of the two doctors to survive alive. She has also appeared in theatre, various minor roles in TV and movies including The Nephew and The White Countess.
Training.
She studied and trained at the Rose Bruford College of Theatre & Performance, which is located in South-East London.

</doc>
<doc id="18579973" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18579973" title="Chilón">
Chilón

Chilón is a town and one of the 119 Municipalities of Chiapas, in southern Mexico.
As of 2005, the municipality had a total population of 77,686. It covers an area of 2490 km².

</doc>
<doc id="18579986" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18579986" title="Frustrated Lewis pair">
Frustrated Lewis pair

In chemistry, a frustrated Lewis pair is a compound or mixture containing a Lewis acid and a Lewis base that, because of steric hindrance, cannot combine to form an adduct. Because of their "unquenched" reactivity, such systems are very reactive and are able to split the hydrogen molecule heterolytically, which makes them potentially useful as metal-free catalysts for hydrogenation reactions.
In the scheme below, compound 1 has a frustrated Lewis pair: the lone pair on the phosphorus atoms cannot be donated to the boron atoms because of the large substituents on both atoms. However, when exposed to hydrogen at 1 atm, the zwitterionic compound 2 is formed. This hydrogen addition is reversible, and it is possible to transfer the activated hydrogen to a sterically hindered imine, which results in a catalytic cycle that produces the hydrogenated product, using only 0.05 equivalents of 1 as a catalyst.

</doc>
<doc id="18580002" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18580002" title="Dayton metropolitan area">
Dayton metropolitan area

The Dayton metropolitan area is the metropolitan area centered on Dayton, Ohio. It is the fourth largest metropolitan area in the state of Ohio, behind Cincinnati, Cleveland, and Columbus.
Definitions.
Dayton Metropolitan Area (also known as the Greater Dayton), as defined by the United States Census Bureau, is an area consisting of three counties in the Miami Valley region of Ohio and is anchored by the city of Dayton. As of 2000 it is the fourth largest metropolitan area in Ohio and the 61st largest Metropolitan Area by Population in the United States. As of the 2010 census, the MSA had a population of 841,502. The larger Dayton–Springfield–Greenville-Sidney Combined Statistical Area includes Greene County, Darke County, Montgomery County, Miami County, Clark County, Shelby County, and Champaign County and had a population of 1,080,044 according to the 2010 Census.
The Dayton-Springfield-Greenville-Sidney Combined Statistical Area is a CSA in the U.S. state of Ohio, as defined by the United States Census Bureau. It consists of the Dayton Metropolitan Statistical Area (the counties of Montgomery, Greene and Miami); the Springfield Metropolitan Statistical Area (Clark County); the Urbana Micropolitan Statistical Area (Champaign County); the Greenville Micropolitan Statistical Area (Darke County); and the Sidney Micropolitan Statistical Area (Shelby County). As of the 2010 Census, the CSA had a population of 1,080,044.
According to an article in the "Cincinnati Enquirer", as Greater Cincinnati grows northward through Butler County, its outer suburbs are expected to expand and begin to overlap the Greater Dayton area. Such a concept has already received the nickname of "Daytonnati." The two metropolitan areas were expected to be combined after tabulation of the 2010 Census, but this did not occur.
The Dayton Metropolitan area is part of the Great Lakes Megalopolis containing an estimated 54 million people.
Demographics.
As of the census 2010, there were 841,502 people, 343,971 households, and 220,249 families residing within the MSA. The racial makeup of the MSA was 80.40% White, 14.90% African American, 0.20% Native American, 1.80% Asian, 0.01% Pacific Islander, 0.80% from other races, and 2.00% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 1.90% of the population.
The median income for a household in the MSA was $47,381, and the median income for a family was $59,770. Males had a median income of $38,430 versus $26,205 for females. The per capita income for the MSA was $25,436.
From the 2000 Census to the 2010 Census, the Dayton region has seen a shift in population from its urban core to more out-lying affluent suburbs. This is evidenced by a 10% growth in population in Englewood, a 19% population growth in Beavercreek, and a 40% population growth in Springboro. Smaller growths in the 2010 census in the Dayton area included Miamisburg, Centerville, Vandalia, and Fairborn.
Many of Dayton's suburbs that saw declines in populations fared well from 2000 to 2010. Dayton's largest suburb, Kettering for example, only saw a 2.3% decline during the ten-year period and Huber Heights, Dayton's third largest suburb, saw a 0.3% decline in population.
The Dayton Metropolitan Statistical Area formerly included Clark County and Preble County. In 2005, Clark County containing Springfield, Ohio separated from the Dayton MSA to create their own MSA named Springfield Metropolitan Statistical Area. As a result of new Census criteria to delineate metropolitan areas, Preble County was eliminated from the MSA in 2010 as it no longer qualified for inclusion. A significant drop in population for the Dayton MSA is noted in the 2010 census because of these changes.
Colleges and universities.
The Greater Dayton region is home to a number of higher education facilities, including:
Largest employers.
Notable largest employers in the Dayton region :
Transportation.
Airports.
Greater Dayton is served by international, regional and county airports, including:
Public transit.
The Greater Dayton Regional Transit Authority operates a public busing system in Montgomery county. Other transit agencies serve the surrounding counties and provide connections with RTA, including transit authorities in Greene and Miami counties.
Culture.
Theaters.
In addition to Benjamin and Marian Schuster Performing Arts Center, the Dayton Region's largest performing arts center, Greater Dayton has a vibrant theater community throughout the region.

</doc>
<doc id="18580005" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18580005" title="Michael Greyeyes">
Michael Greyeyes

Michael Greyeyes (born June 4, 1967) is a Canadian actor. He is Plains Cree from the Muskeg Lake First Nation in Saskatchewan. His father is from the Muskeg Lake First Nation and his mother is from the Sweetgrass First Nation, both located in Saskatchewan.
He completed his Master's Degree in Fine Arts at the School of Theatre and Dance at Kent State University and graduated at the top of his class in May 2003. He is a graduate of The National Ballet School in 1984, he went on to apprentice with The National Ballet of Canada before joining the company as a full Corps de Ballet member in 1987. After three years, he left the National Ballet to join the company of choreographer Eliot Feld in New York City.
Michael's acting career started in 1993 when he was cast as "Juh" in TNT's "Geronimo", which led to numerous television appearances, including guest spots in "Promised Land", "Walker, Texas Ranger", "Dr Quinn Medicine Woman", "Magnificent Seven", "Millennium", and he co-hosted the 1999 Aboriginal Achievement Awards. In 1997 he won the title role in TNT's "Crazy Horse", and in 1998 starred in "Stolen Women, Captured Hearts", with Janine Turner and Patrick Bergen. He featured in the mini-series "Rough Riders", "Big Bear', and "True Women". Films in which Michael has appeared are: "Dance Me Outside", "Smoke Signals", "The Minion" (also released as "Fallen Knight'), "Firestorm', "League of Old Men', and more recently, 'Skipped Parts", "Looking for Lost Bird", and 'Race Against Time". He worked on a film with Linda Fiorentino and Ben Kingsley "Till the End of Time", which has been put on hiatus.
His play 'Nunatsuaq'- (a science-fiction journey aboard the interplanetary spaceship 'Elena' which takes the characters deep into Inuit mythology in a voyage of self-discovery) is currently still in development. However, public readings of this project took place in January 2001 at Buddies in Bad Times Theatre, in Toronto. In February 2001 he featured in an episode of the WB Network's "Charmed" and in March was interviewed by Evan Adams on APTN's "Buffalo Track's". In March 2001 he was in the UK filming a pilot for a new CBS series, "Sam's Circus".
Since 2001 Michael made appearances in several films: "Sunshine State", "ZigZag", and "Skinwalkers" based on the book by Tony Hillerman. He also appeared in episodes of "Body and Soul" and "MythQuest".
Soon after gaining his degree he played the lead role in "The Reawakening", a film by Diane Fraher. In this same year he was invited to be a member of a panel of judges for short films at the USA film festival in Dallas, Texas.
He finished off the year by appearing in the ABC/Hallmark mini-series, "Dreamkeeper" playing an Iroquois Thunder Spirit.
Michael also explored the modern form of traditional dancing, Powwow. His journey of exploration was documented in a feature entitled "He Who Dreams: Michael on the Powwow Trail" for CBC by Adrienne Clarkson.
At this moment he is an actor, choreographer and director. Recent works include "Passchendaele" (feature film), "The Threshing Floor" (a dance work he co-choreographed with Santee Smith), "Triptych" (a short film broadcast nationally on Bravo!), and "The Journey" ("Pimooteewin"), a new opera work he directed with music by Melissa Hui and libretto by Tomson Highway. He also did the voice of Tommy in the action game "Prey".
Michael is married to wife Nancy, and has a two daughters, Eva Rose, born in May 2002 and Lilia Frances Jean, born on 1 October 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="18580010" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18580010" title="Coapilla">
Coapilla

Coapilla is a town and one of the 119 Municipalities of Chiapas, in southern Mexico.
As of 2005, the municipality had a total population of 7,217. It covers an area of 106.8 km².

</doc>
<doc id="18580025" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18580025" title="Dubai Sports">
Dubai Sports

Dubai Sports is a 24/7 sports channel based in Dubai, United Arab Emirates. The channel started in 1998 to be the home for sports news around the country and was awarded the privilege of showing different sports events locally and worldwide. It is one of the channels of Dubai Media Incorporated.

</doc>
<doc id="18580040" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18580040" title="Huixtla">
Huixtla

Huixtla is a town and one of the 119 Municipalities of Chiapas, in southern Mexico.
As of 2005, the municipality had a total population of 48,476. It covers an area of 385 km².

</doc>
<doc id="18580045" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18580045" title="Frederick B. Lindstrom">
Frederick B. Lindstrom

Frederick B. Lindstrom (June 8, 1915—January 8, 1998) was an American sociologist specializing in popular culture and demography who spent over four decades, starting in 1953, as professor (later professor emeritus) of sociology at Arizona State University.
A Massachusetts native, Lindstrom was born in the town of Palmer, located within the Springfield metropolitan area. His family background was mixed, including Swedish, German-Jewish, and other European forebears; he received a secular upbringing. He attended the University of Chicago, receiving his A.B. in 1938 and A.M. in 1941. Following service in World War II, he returned to the University on the G.I. Bill, earning his Ph.D. in 1950. After teaching for three years at the University of Massachusetts Amherst, he relocated to Arizona, where he chaired the ASU Department of Sociology for a record number of years. He also served multiple terms as Secretary-Treasurer of the Pacific Sociological Association (PSA). Lindstrom was considered to incarnate the outlook and practices of the Chicago school, of which he was a historian, contributing to the special issue of the journal "Sociological Perspectives" (Vol. 31, No. 3, July 1988) entitled "Waving the Flag for Old Chicago". With his wife, Laura Johnson, and Ronald A. Hardert, he edited the 1995 book "Kimball Young on Sociology in Transition, 1912–1968". As a student of popular culture, he maintained an extensive collection of jazz and blues records, ranging from 78s to CDs, and frequently offered a course entitled "The Sociology of Jazz and Blues". His official area of specialization, however, was demography. Before serving in the war, he had specialized in literature—after his change of academic field, he was involved with sociology of the arts and the teaching of sociology through literature. In 1994 he received a distinguished service award from ASU's College of Liberal Arts.
Frederick B. Lindstrom died at the age of 82. He and his wife Laura were the parents of three children—two sons and daughter Naomi, a literary critic specializing in Latin America, with whom he co-authored conference papers and articles.

</doc>
<doc id="18580049" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18580049" title="Camera dei Deputati (TV channel)">
Camera dei Deputati (TV channel)

Camera dei Deputati is an Italian TV channel dedicated to broadcast live coverage of Italian Chamber of Deputies from Palazzo Montecitorio in Rome, Italy.

</doc>
<doc id="18580050" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18580050" title="Senato Italiano (TV channel)">
Senato Italiano (TV channel)

Senato Italiano is an Italian TV channel dedicated to broadcast live coverage of Italian Senate from Palazzo Madama in Rome, Italy.

</doc>
<doc id="18580066" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18580066" title="Fred Gallagher (co-driver)">
Fred Gallagher (co-driver)

Fred Gallagher (born April 16, 1952 in Belfast) is a World Rally Championship winning co-driver and motorsport personality.
Career.
Gallagher's first WRC rally was the 1975 RAC Rally alongside Norwegian driver John Haugland in a Škoda 120. From the 1977 season until the end of 1980 he partnered Tony Pond in the Triumph TR7 with varying success, mostly in British Rally Championship events. 1981 saw the start of a highly successful pairing with legendary Finnish driver, Henri Toivonen first in the Talbot Sunbeam before they switched to the Opel Ascona 400. The two parted company in 1984 when Toivonen signed for Lancia and Gallagher joined the Toyota team with another Finn, Juha Kankkunen. At the start of the 1986 season they parted company, with Kankkunen going to Peugeot. It was at this time that Gallagher embarked on a long and successful partnership with Björn Waldegård, mainly specialising in the Safari Rally for Toyota Team Europe. Their last rally together was the 1992 Safari during which they retired from the event due to an engine fire. Gallagher was absent from the WRC until 1998 when he started competing sporadically and without a steady driver. During this period he sat alongside Ari Vatanen, Thomas Rådström and Petter Solberg among others. 
After retiring from co-driving, Gallagher became involved as a consultant or "clerk of the course" on various events including the WRC rallies in Corsica and Cyprus but also in events like Race of Champions. He worked with the FIA Rally Safety Group in 2001-2005. Gallagher is still active today as a consultant within the WRC. In 2008 he was awarded the Finnish Automobile Sport Federation's Gold Medal for his services to the nation.

</doc>
<doc id="18580071" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18580071" title="Spurious trip level">
Spurious trip level

Spurious Trip Level (STL) is defined as a discrete level for specifying the spurious trip requirements of safety functions to be allocated to safety systems. An STL of 1 means that this safety function has the highest level of spurious trips. The higher the STL level the lower the number of spurious trips caused by the safety system. There is no limit to the number of spurious trip levels.
Safety functions and systems are installed to protect people, the environment and for asset protection. A safety function should only activate when a dangerous situation occurs. A safety function that activates without the presence of a dangerous situation (e.g., due to an internal failure) causes economic loss. The spurious trip level concept represents the probability that safety function causes a spurious (unscheduled) trip.
The STL is a metric that is used to specify the performance level of a safety function in terms of the spurious trips it potentially causes. Typical safety systems that benefit from an STL level are defined in standards like IEC 61508 IEC 61511, IEC 62061, ISA S84, EN 50204 and so on. An STL provides end-users of safety functions with a measurable attribute that helps them define the desired availability of their safety functions. An STL can be specified for a complete safety loop or for individual devices.
For end-users there is always a potential conflict between the cost of safety solutions and the loss of profitability caused by spurious trips of these safety solutions. The STL concept helps the endusers to end this conflict in an a way that safety solutions provide both the desired safety and the desired process availability.
STL determination.
The spurious trip level represents asset loss due to an internal failure of the safety function. The more financial damage the safety function can cause due to a spurious trip the higher the STL level of the safety function should be. Each company needs to decide for themselves which level of financial loss they can or are willing to take. This actually depends on many different factors, like the financial situation of the company, the insurance policy, the cost of process shutdown and startup, and so on. All these factors are unique to each company. The table below shows an example of how a company can calibrate its spurious trip levels.
STL levels.
The STL level achieved by a safety function is determined by the probability of fail safe (PFS) of this safety function. The PFS value is determined by internal failures of the safety system that cause the safety function to be executed without a demand from the process. The table below demonstrates the PFS value and spurious trip reduction values of each STL level.
STL vs SIL.
Today standards only define the safety integrity level (SIL) for safety functions. Standards do not define STL levels because they do in first instance not represent safety but economic loss. Despite this the STL is also a safety attribute, specially for safety functions in the process, oil & gas, chemical and nuclear industry. In those industries an undesired shutdown of the process leads to dangerous situation as the plant needs to be started up again. Startup and shutdown of a process plant are considered the two most dangerous operational modes of the plant and should be limited to the absolute minimum.
In practice the STL and SIL concepts complement each other. Both factors are attributes of the same safety function. The STL level is determined by the average PFS value of the safety function. The SIL level is determined by the average probability of failure on demand. PFD value of the safety function. The STL level expresses the probability of spurious trips by the safety function, i.e., the safety function is executed without a demand from the process. The SIL level expresses the probability that the safety function does not work upon demand from the process. Both parameters are important to end-users in order to achieve safety and asset protection.
In order to calculate the PFS or PFD value of a safety loop it is necessary to have a reliability model and reliability data for each component in the safety loop. The best reliability model to use is a Markov model (see Andrey Markov). Typical data required are:

</doc>
<doc id="18580074" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18580074" title="Jiquipilas">
Jiquipilas

Jiquipilas is a town and one of the 119 Municipalities of Chiapas, in southern Mexico.
As of 2005, the municipality had a total population of 34,937. It covers an area of 1197.3 km².

</doc>
<doc id="18580082" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18580082" title="Brooks Richards">
Brooks Richards

Sir Francis "Brooks" Richards, Order of St Michael and St George, DSO, DSC (18 July 1918, Southampton - 13 September 2002, Dorchester), was a British diplomat and, during the Second World War, a director of operations for the Special Operations Executive. He married Hazel Williams in 1941 - she was the daughter of Lt-Col. Stanley Price Williams, Indian Army, who was also an SOE officer. They had one son, Francis Richards, and she died in 2000.
Life.
Educated at Stowe School and Magdalene College, Cambridge, in 1939 he volunteered for the Royal Navy, commanding a minesweeper and then a motor torpedo boat flotilla. At the outbreak of war, he organised secret service agents for secret Channel crossings to France and across the Mediterranean to land in Tunisia.
In 1940 he was put in command of (sunk that November), and in 1941 he was taken on by SOE. At the end of 1942 he was in Algiers when admiral Darlan was also there at the time of the Allied landings. He met Fernand Bonnier de La Chapelle several times before La Chapelle attempted to assassinate Darlan. Brooks Richards always denied that Bonnier de la Chapelle, who moved in Royalist circles, was working for SOE. In May 1943, after the liberation of Tunis, Commander Brooks Richards was head of F section in Algiers, directing SOE agents parachuted into enemy territory or landed at night on the beaches. In Algiers he also got to know Charles de Gaulle. He wrote an account of this period in his book "Secret Flotillas".
In Autumn 1944 he served in the staff of Duff Cooper, minister-resident charged with re-opening the British embassy in Paris, and in 1945 he became a reservist in the Royal Naval Reserve (RNR). In 1944 to 1948 he was a press attaché in Paris, and in 1954 he began a diplomatic career, starting as first secretary and head of the administration in the Persian Gulf, a post he held until 1957. In 1958-59 he was Assistant Private Secretary to the Foreign Secretary, before returning to France during De Gaulle's presidency to work as intelligence advisor at the British embassy from 1959 to 1964.
In 1964-65 he was head of the Department of Information Policy and Guidance, Commonwealth Relations Office, and in 1965-1969 he was delegated from there to the Cabinet Office. From 1969 to 1971 he was in Bonn, before acting as British ambassador to South Vietnam (from 1972 to 1974, during the Vietnam War) then Greece (1974–78, after the military junta fell from power). He was deputy secretary to the Cabinet Office from 1978 to 1980, Security Adviser to the Northern Ireland Office in 1980-81 and finally president of CSM Parliamentary Consultants from 1984 until his retirement in 1996.

</doc>
<doc id="18580085" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18580085" title="Stepping stone (computer security)">
Stepping stone (computer security)

A stepping stone (StSt) is a type of computer security measure which consists of placing several logical security systems, used as authentication servers, in a serial disposition to emulate a physical narrow channel, analogous to a physical path formed by stepping stones used to cross a river. Using this system, it is possible to apply a granular control over each system acting as a 'stone', establishing different risk levels as so many systems which have been placed in the series.
For example, to grant a user with access to an OpenSSH server, for executing an application in a high-security environment, we could put a front-end system such as a Sun Solaris with a Citrix Metaframe in the 1st security layer. The 2nd layer could be an MS Terminal Services with an SSH Client. Thirdly, the last layer could be based on a Linux system with an OpenSSH Server, which would grant access to the final application. Every system could have a common secure system to log on as RSA SecureID, X.509 certificates-based, challenge/response systems, etc. or a mixture of them. It depends on the risk analysis over the environment treated.
This computer security practice tends to decrease the system usability and is hard to maintain, so it should be implemented only in high-security environments. This practice could be considered as part of a well-known security principle: Security In-Depth, in this case, applied to the access control, adding logical barriers and trenches, composed by diverse authentication systems.

</doc>
<doc id="18580098" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18580098" title="Goto, Island of Love">
Goto, Island of Love

Goto, Island of Love () is a 1968 French drama film directed by Walerian Borowczyk and starring Pierre Brasseur. 

</doc>
<doc id="18580100" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18580100" title="La Concordia, Chiapas">
La Concordia, Chiapas

La Concordia is a town and one of the 119 Municipalities of Chiapas, in southern Mexico.
As of 2005, the municipality had a total population of 39,770. It covers an area of 1112.9 km².

</doc>
<doc id="18580103" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18580103" title="Intelligent Life (magazine)">
Intelligent Life (magazine)

Intelligent Life is a bi-monthly cultural magazine published by the Economist Group. It was launched in September 2007 as a quarterly publication, having previously been a summer annual, and describes its coverage as "the arts, style, food, wine, cars, travel and anything else under the sun, as long as it’s interesting".
In addition to contributions from "Economist" journalists, "Intelligent Life" features articles by writers from around the world and photography commissioned for each issue. It is edited by Tim de Lisle.

</doc>
<doc id="18580117" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18580117" title="Bnei Re'em">
Bnei Re'em

Bnei Re'em (, "lit." Sons of Re'em) is a religious moshav in central Israel. Located in the Shephelah, it falls under the jurisdiction of Nahal Sorek Regional Council. In 2007, Bnei Re'em had a population of 1,100.
The moshav is named for the Gerrer Rebbe, Rabbi Avraham Mordechai Alter. "Re'em" is a Hebrew acronym.
Bnei Re'em was established in 1949 by immigrants from Eastern Europe and Yemen on the lands of the abandoned Arab village of Al-Masmiyya al-Kabira. Until a pump was installed that worked on an automated sabbath clock, an Arab family that lived in the area served as a Sabbath Goy.

</doc>
<doc id="18580119" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18580119" title="La Independencia, Chiapas">
La Independencia, Chiapas

La Independencia is a town and one of the 119 Municipalities of Chiapas, in southern Mexico.
As of 2005, the municipality had a total population of 32,245. It covers an area of 1704.1 km².

</doc>
<doc id="18580121" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18580121" title="Perpis-Fall Music, Inc.">
Perpis-Fall Music, Inc.

Perpis-Fall Music, Inc. or Perpis-Fall Music ("pur-puhs fawl") is a pseudonym and production credit for the musical partnership of:

</doc>
<doc id="18580132" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18580132" title="Roman Catholic Diocese of Ajmer">
Roman Catholic Diocese of Ajmer

The Roman Catholic Diocese of Ajmer () is a diocese located in the city of Ajmer in the Ecclesiastical province of Agra in India.
History.
Diocese of Ajmer-Jaipur comprised twenty four districts, namely Ajmer, Alwar, Baran, Barmer, Bikaner, Bundi, Churu, Dausa, Hanumangarh, Jaipur, Jaisalmer, Jalore, Jhalawar, Jhunjhunu, Jodhpur, Karauli, Kota, Nagaur, Pali, Sawai Madhopur, Sikar, Sirohi, Sri Ganganagar and Tonk in the state of Rajasthan. In July, 1890 the Holy See detached a very large portion of the Archdiocese of Agra to form a new unit, the Rajasthan mission entrusting it to the Capuchin Fathers of the Paris Province who were to work under the supervision of the Archbishop. In December, 1891, the new mission became the Prefecture Apostolic of Rajputana and in 1913, the then Prefect Rt. Rev. Fortunatus Henry Caumont O.F.M. Cap. was appointed the first bishop of Ajmer. On 11 March 1935, parts of the diocese which were in the state of Madhya Pradesh were detached to become part of the then newly erected Prefecture Apostolic of Indore.

</doc>
<doc id="18580133" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18580133" title="Francisco León">
Francisco León

Francisco León is a town and one of the 119 Municipalities of Chiapas, in southern Mexico.
In 1982 it was buried in the eruption of El Chichón Volcano. As of 2005, the municipality had a total population of 5,236. It covers an area of 114.3 km².

</doc>
<doc id="18580151" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18580151" title="Max Patch">
Max Patch

Max Patch is a bald mountain on the North Carolina-Tennessee Border in Madison County, North Carolina and Cocke County, Tennessee. It is a major landmark along the Tennessee/North Carolina section of the Appalachian Trail, although its summit is located in North Carolina. It is known for its 360 degree views of the surrounding mountains, namely the Bald Mountains in the immediate vicinity, the Unakas to the north, the Great Smokies to the south, and the Great Balsams and Black Mountains to the southeast. A small parking area is located near the summit with a short loop trail.
In December of 2012 and January of 2013, vandals on ATVs and four-wheel-drive vehicles broke through barriers and drove up the face of the mountain and created deep ruts, erosion and other damage. A plan is in the works that will help deter future vandalism by having more permanent barricades than the barbed wire and poles that have been in place for decades. 

</doc>
<doc id="18580166" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18580166" title="Stupor Duck">
Stupor Duck

Stupor Duck is a Looney Tunes animated short starring Daffy Duck. A Superman parody directed by Robert McKimson, the cartoon was released July 7, 1956. The voices were performed by Mel Blanc and Daws Butler; Butler — who voiced the narrator and the newspaper editor — was uncredited.
Synopsis.
Daffy Duck is cast as Stupor Duck and his alter ego, Cluck Trent. The cartoon begins as a parody of the opening to The Adventures of Superman, which shows Stupor Duck being:
After the parodied introduction, the film proceeds to the story:
Mild-mannered newspaper reporter Cluck Trent, taking a break from writing, overhears a conversation coming from his editor's office. The one-sided conversation is from a villain on a "corny soap opera" the editor is watching on TV. The unseen soap's villain calls himself "Aardvark Ratnik," a Russian-accented terrorist hell-bent on world domination. Ratnik supposedly threatens widespread destruction (though his demands are never heard); his first line, after a maniacal laugh, is "You cannot stop me, Mr. Newspaper Editor!", which leads Cluck to the erroneous conclusion that Ratnik actually exists, his threats are serious, and that stopping him is a job for Stupor Duck. Cluck runs to the broom closet to change into his alter-ego (after an errant change into a witch's costume, and then a minor adjustment to Stupor Duck's shoulder pads) and begins his search for the non-existent antagonist.
One by one, Stupor Duck spots "examples" of "Aardvark's" supposed work and, before tackling each one, bellowing his battle cry, ""THIS is a job for STU-U-U-POR Duck!"". His search includes:
As the rocket hurtles skyward, two rock climbers see it and shout "Up there in the sky! It's a bird! It's a plane! It's STU-U-UPOR Duck!" The final shot is of Daffy screaming, still clinging to the rocket for dear life at it streaks toward the moon.

</doc>
<doc id="18580167" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18580167" title="Graduate First">
Graduate First

Graduate First () is a 1978 French drama film directed by Maurice Pialat and starring Sabine Haudepin. The film is set in the north of France, in Lens, in a region profoundly affected by unemployment - the students, from modest backgrounds, try to forget their fears of what tomorrow will bring.
The film is an "unsparing portrait of teenage life in the French suburbs sees a group of schoolfriends adrift at the end of the 1970s. There's drama, violence, and pot-induced laughs, group holidays, indiscriminate sex, advances from teachers twenty-five years their seniors, attempted moves to Paris - and few prospects of passing the Baccalauréat, the final set of exams French students take before embarking into the world...to do what? Marking the last work of Pialat's turbulent cycle of 1970s films, this is the sequel to the filmmaker's feature debut "L'Enfance Nue" (1969) - picked up again from a vantage point ten years on from the lives of the earlier film's protagonists." 

</doc>
<doc id="18580179" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18580179" title="Frontera Hidalgo">
Frontera Hidalgo

Frontera Hidalgo is a town and one of the 118 municipalities of Chiapas, in southern Mexico.
The municipality had a total population of 10,902 (2005). It covers an area of 106.8 km².

</doc>
<doc id="18580184" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18580184" title="Roman Catholic Diocese of Allahabad">
Roman Catholic Diocese of Allahabad

The Roman Catholic Diocese of Allahabad () is a diocese located in the city of Allahabad in the Ecclesiastical province of Agra in India.

</doc>
<doc id="18580197" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18580197" title="Slow Motion Apocalypse">
Slow Motion Apocalypse

Slow Motion Apocalypse is the second full-length album by the Experimental band Grotus. It is usually considered to be the highlight of their career.

</doc>
<doc id="18580202" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18580202" title="Dan Frishberg">
Dan Frishberg

Daniel Sholom Frishberg is an American businessman, author,Investing Without Borders, Wiley, 2009, and podcast host of the popular radio program THEMONEYMAN REPORT. He is also the founder of THE DANIEL FRISHBERG SCHOOL OF MONEY: Investing, Trading and the Mental Game.
Career.
His radio and podcast program, "The MoneyMan Report", features Frishberg's comments and analysis, is heard in the morning on South Florida radio, and is followed online via podcast. He spent several years as a commentator on CNBC's Closing Bell with Maria Bartiromo, the Fox News Channel, and Fox Business with Neil Cavuto. Frishberg is the author of two books, "Escape from the Herd", and "Investing without Borders."
Dan Frishberg's Inner Circle, Frishberg's weekly video newsletter has attracted members from the U.S. Europe, Asia and Latin America.
Frishberg is generally credited with calling, in February, 2009, the impending end of the bear market, on THE CLOSING BELL WITH MARIA BARTIROMO.

</doc>
<doc id="18580216" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18580216" title="Roman Catholic Diocese of Bareilly">
Roman Catholic Diocese of Bareilly

The Roman Catholic Diocese of Bareilly () is a diocese located in the city of Bareilly in the Ecclesiastical province of Agra in India.

</doc>
<doc id="18580230" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18580230" title="Sabine Haudepin">
Sabine Haudepin

Sabine Haudepin (born 19 October 1955) is a French actress. She has appeared in over 50 films since 1962. She was born in Montreuil, Seine-Saint-Denis, France.

</doc>
<doc id="18580237" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18580237" title="Ben Ely">
Ben Ely

Ben Ely (born 13 September 1970) is an Australian musician and artist best known for his work with Brisbane indie/alternative rock band Regurgitator, a multi-ARIA Music Award winning group which formed in Brisbane, Australia in December 1993.
Early life.
Born in Brisbane, Ely's family moved to the outer suburb of Cleveland. During his high school years he became friends with musicians members Dave Atkins and Jim Sinclair, with whom he would later form Pangaea. He met guitarist Quan Yeomans in 1993, with whom he formed Regurgitator together with. He claims that meeting Yeomans is the most important thing that has ever happened to him, stating that "I am a big fan of his work. I guess that helps when you play in a band with them". With regard to his musical influences, Ely has previously stated "Metallica and Black Sabbath made me who I am today".
Music.
Aside his tenure in Regurgitator, Ely has worked on other music projects: 
Ely also co-wrote, (together with Decoder Ring), the music to the 2004 Australian film "Somersault", starring Abbie Cornish. The soundtrack won an AFI Award for Best Original Music Score and the song 'Somersault' won the 2004 Best Original Song Composed for a Feature Film, Telemovie, TV Series or Mini-Series Award at the Australian Screen Music Awards.
Personal life.
Ely is also a successful practicing artist and has exhibited work at The TAP Gallery in Darlinghurst, Sydney, and Flipbook Gallery in Brisbane.
He was previously in a relationship with Australian television presenter Yumi Stynes. They have two daughters together, Anouk (born 2003) and Dee Dee (born 2005), however the couple separated in late 2008. Yumi has stated that "Ben and I are friends. He's a good guy and he's still my girls' dad.". Ely was in a relationship with Melbourne violinist Rachael Kim. Their separation in 2011 inspired his "Game Over!" art exhibition.

</doc>
<doc id="18580241" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18580241" title="KWG Property">
KWG Property

KWG Property Holdings Limited () is one of the largest privately owned property developers in Guangzhou, Guangdong, China. It is engaged in the development of residentia], commercial and hotel properties in Guangzhou, Suzhou, Kunshan, Chengdu and Beijing. In particular, KWG is focusing on developments in the Zhujiang New Town, a new central business district in Guangzhou and the venue of Asian Games in 2010.
The company was established in 1995 and listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange in 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="18580259" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18580259" title="Copainalá">
Copainalá

As of 2005, the municipality had a total population of 19,298. It covers an area of 330.4 km².
The Copainalá Zoque dialect is spoken, in addition to Spanish.

</doc>
<doc id="18580262" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18580262" title="AmpliTube">
AmpliTube

AmpliTube is a guitar amp and effects modeling software manufactured by IK multimedia, a company based in Italy that also operates from Sunrise, Florida. The latest version of the desktop product is AmpliTube 3.
Product reviews and awards.
AmpliTube has also been reviewed by:

</doc>
<doc id="18580273" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18580273" title="Roman Catholic Diocese of Jhansi">
Roman Catholic Diocese of Jhansi

The Roman Catholic Diocese of Jhansi () is a diocese located in the city of Jhansi in the Ecclesiastical province of Agra in India. The Rt Rev Peter Parapullil has been the diocesan bishop since 2012.
Present bishop.
On Wednesday, October 31, 2012, the Vatican Information Service (VIS) bulletin of the Holy See Press Office stated that Pope Benedict XVI has "accepted the resignation from the pastoral government of the Diocese of Jhansi (India) presented by Bishop Frederick D'Souza in accordance with can. 401 § 1 of the Code of Canon Law and appointed Bishop of Jhansi (India) Rev. Peter Parapullil, the Vicar General of the same diocese. The Rev. Peter Parapullil was born December 2, 1949 at Perumanoor, Archdiocese of Verapoly, Kerala. He completed his studies in philosophy at the seminary of Alwaye, Kerala, and then moved to St. Joseph's Seminary in Allahabad. He holds a BA and an MA in English Literature at the University of Bundelkhand, and a Diploma in Social and Religious Communication at the Gregorian University in Rome, attending a short seminar on the same subject to the CREC Avex in Lyon, France. He obtained a BA in Education from the Annamalai University. He was ordained a priest on 29 February 1976 in the parish of Gwalior, in the Diocese of Jhansi. After ordination he held the following positions: 1976-1978: assistant at the Pakdilpur Mission; 1978-1979: assistant priest at St. John, Lashkar; 1979-1981: Assistant Priest at Christ the King Church; 1981-1982: Rector of the Apostolic School; 1982-1992: Procurator and Rector of the Shrine of St. Jude, Jhansi; 1992-1993: Studies at the Gregorian University, Rome, residing at the Pontifical North American College; 1993-1999: Director of Social Work; 1994-1998: Member of Caritas India; 1998-1999: Director of Communications Sector; 1999-2005: Secretary of the Bishop, Director of Pastoral Care and Archivist of the Curia, 2003: Vice President of Uttar Pradesh Utaranchal of SIGNIS India. Since 2005, he is the Vicar General of the Diocese of Jhansi. From 2006 to 2012, he was also pastor of the Cathedral of Jhansi in 2012 and is also Dean of Christ the King College, Jhansi."

</doc>
<doc id="18580281" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18580281" title="Andrew J. Lewis">
Andrew J. Lewis

Andrew J Lewis is a writer, musician, artist and co-founder of the Toshist movement.
Biography.
In 2001 Lewis created the 'Top Notch Tosh' small press comic. He wrote a range of short, punchy sci-fi/horror strips, illustrating many himself and collaborating with other artists including Justin Askham and Darren Chandler. The comic ran for 6 issues. Regular characters included space loonies Baldy and Maud, intergalactic conman Jez Scullar, and righting other people's wrongs- Obadiah LaGraisse. Jez Scullar featured in a spin-off comic of his own, 'Caliburn' illustrated by Justin Askham, which has so far only seen its first issue completed. Other spin-offs were 'The Man who Saved the World' a cynical 4-parter printed under the Dry Ice Factory banner, and 'Brain Fungus' a collection of strips, single-frame gags and assorted nonsense.
Lewis was the creator of "Zarjaz", editing its first four issues during which time it won the National Comics Award for Best Independent Comic. He wrote and lettered several strips, interviewed Alan Grant and Frazer Irving and wrote a major piece on breaking into comics writing which featured advice from a range of leading editors, writers and artists.
For UK Science Fiction comic "2000 AD", Andrew Lewis wrote the Future Shocks 'Goldie Locke and the Three B.E.A.R.S.' and 'Escape'. 
Lewis also reviewed comics for Comics International, dubbing the "Judge Dredd Megazine" 'the cutting edge of British comics', a phrase which was quoted on the cover of the Megazine itself.
During 2006 and 2007 Lewis was a daily contributor to Mike Read's morning show on Big L (Radio London International) radio station, where he was known as 'Lord Tosh' or 'Lord Top Notch of Tosh'.
Awards.
In 2002 "Zarjaz" won the "Best Self-Published/Independent" National Comics Award at the annual Bristol Comic Festival and came second to "Jack Staff" in 2003.
Bibliography.
Comics Lewis has written include:

</doc>
<doc id="18580285" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18580285" title="Orchard Court">
Orchard Court

Orchard Court is an apartment block situated on the eastern side of Portman Square in London. Apartment number six was used by F section of the Special Operations Executive as an office for briefing agents during the Second World War.

</doc>
<doc id="18580287" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18580287" title="Escuintla, Chiapas">
Escuintla, Chiapas

Escuintla is a town and one of the 119 Municipalities of Chiapas, in southern Mexico.
As of 2005, the municipality had a total population of 28,064. It covers an area of 206.2 km².

</doc>
<doc id="18580294" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18580294" title="George R. Gardiner">
George R. Gardiner

George Ryerson Gardiner, (April 25, 1917 – December 7, 1997) was a Toronto businessman, philanthropist and co-founder of the Gardiner Museum, the only museum in Canada devoted exclusively to ceramic art.
Biography.
Gardiner was born in Toronto and educated at the University of Toronto ('39 B.Comm) and Harvard University (MBA). George Gardiner began his career running a munitions factory during World War II and later started his stock brokerage firm Gardiner Watson Limited which he sold to Dean Witter in 1983. He then opened the first discount brokerage firm in Canada which he sold to TD Bank in 1987. He was also past president of the Toronto Stock Exchange, founder of Gardiner Oil and Gas Ltd. and Scott's Hospitality Inc. which acquired the Kentucky Fried Chicken rights for Canada.
Following a marriage in which he had three children, he married Helen Gardiner and with her co-founded the Gardiner Museum of Ceramic Arts in Toronto.
In 1989 he was appointed an Officer of the Order of Canada.
In 1990, Gardiner's family endowed a chair in his name at the Schulich School of Business at York University in Toronto, dedicated to enhancing the teaching of ethics in management. The first holder of the George R. Gardiner Professorship in Business Ethics, Wesley Cragg was appointed in 1992, and was succeeded in 2007 by Andrew Crane.
Gardiner Farms.
George Gardiner was a major figure in Canadian Thoroughbred horse racing. In the 1950s he established Gardiner farms, a breeding operation in Caledon East, Ontario. He raced horses in Canada and the United States. Among his notable runners was St. Vincent who raced in the U.S. and who in 1955 set or equaled four course records, including a North American and World record, and was voted that year's American Champion Male Turf Horse.
In 1976, Gardiner won a Sovereign Award for Outstanding Owner. In 2000, he was inducted in the Canadian Horse Racing Hall of Fame in the builders category.

</doc>
<doc id="18580297" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18580297" title="Hem Bunting">
Hem Bunting

Hem Bunting (born December 12, 1985) is a Cambodian marathoner.
Bunting is one of nine children from a family of farmers in Stung Treng Province. The British Broadcasting Corporation has described him as "so poor he lives in the crumbling athletics stadium where he trains". He won a silver medal in the marathon and a bronze at the 5,000 metre race at the 2007 Southeast Asian Games. He represented Cambodia in the marathon at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing, finishing 73rd in a time of 2:33:32.
Bunting had few facilities and little funding to prepare for the Olympics. He trained by running laps on a track simultaneously used by casual joggers, and could not afford to buy running shoes. The BBC's article on him moved one reader to send him new training shoes prior to the Beijing Olympics.
He has made a significant effort in his second Marathon outing of 2012 after finishing in top 50 (42nd) at the Paris Marathon on April 15 with a personal best of 2:23:29. The time also improved on his previous national record 2:25:20 set during 2009 Southeast Asian Games in Vientiane where he won a bronze medal. Not only that, his official intermediate time at half marathon shows 1:09:04, which is a new national record.
Personal bests.
Outdoor
Indoor

</doc>
<doc id="18580308" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18580308" title="Roman Catholic Diocese of Lucknow">
Roman Catholic Diocese of Lucknow

The Roman Catholic Diocese of Lucknow () is a diocese located in the city of Lucknow in the Ecclesiastical province of Agra in India.
The Cathedral School of Lucknow is located in the same compound as St. Joseph's Cathedral.

</doc>
<doc id="18580309" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18580309" title="Oliver De Coque">
Oliver De Coque

Oliver De Coque is a well known name in Nigeria as well as the Nigerian music circle. Though some believe he was not a Nigerian, owing to his popular name which has a French meaning, he had started music with Ekpili at the age of 17. Oliver DeCoque is from Ezinifite, Nnewi South Local Government Area of Anambra State. Oliver's real and full name is Oliver Sunday Akanite.
Oliver de Coque was a prolific guitarist who popularised the "Ogene" dance style of Nigerian highlife, and recorded no fewer than 73 albums in his lifetime. Some of his major hits include "Biri Ka Mbiri", and "Identity" remixed in a hiphop style by his son Safin DeCoque. 
Oliver played on the Prince Nico Mbarga's evergreen album "Sweet Mother". 
the king of Africa music

</doc>
<doc id="18580312" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18580312" title="La Grandeza">
La Grandeza

As of 2005, the municipality had a total population of 5,969. It covers an area of 52.2 km².

</doc>
<doc id="18580314" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18580314" title="The Grand Maneuver">
The Grand Maneuver

Les Grandes Manœuvres is a 1955 French drama film written and directed by René Clair, and starring Michèle Morgan and Gérard Philipe. It was released in the United Kingdom and Ireland as Summer Manoeuvres, and in the United States under the title The Grand Maneuver. It is a romantic comedy-drama set in a French provincial town just before World War I, and it was René Clair's first film to be made in colour.
Plot.
Armand de la Verne, a lieutenant in the French cavalry and a notorious seducer, undertakes a bet that he will "obtain the favours" of a woman selected secretly by lot, before his company departs for its summer manoeuvres in a month's time. His target turns out to be Marie-Louise Rivière, a Parisian divorcée who runs a milliner's shop, and who is also being courted by the serious and respectable Victor Duverger. Marie Louise's growing attraction towards Armand is tempered by her discoveries about his reputation, while Armand's calculated strategy become undermined by his genuine emotions. A subplot follows the parallel but simpler courtship of Armand's friend and fellow officer Félix and Lucie, the young daughter of a photographer.
Production.
In René Clair's own words, "Love is the only concern of "Les Grandes Manœuvres"", and he added that the film was one of the countless variations to be made on the inexhaustible theme of Don Juan. The film is set in a French garrison town in the period just before the First World War, the end of the Belle Époque. Describing the origins of the film, Clair said, "Having passed a part of my childhood near Versailles, I could not forget the cavalry officers, their galloping in the forest of Viroflay, the rumors of their adventures, a duel which the newspapers talked about and in which two of those officers died..." Elsewhere he commented, "For me it is a very sentimental film, even more sentimental because it is situated in the period of my childhood. I put into it things that I saw."
Clair's aim was to create a portrait of provincial life in the years before 1914, and close attention was paid to the fashions of the period and the rituals of military life. "Les Grandes Manœuvres" was Clair's first film in colour, a medium he had wanted to use since his time in England in the late 1930s, because, he stated, "it would enable him to keep reality at a distance" The production designer, Léon Barsacq, created sets in which muted colours were dominant, with furniture and accessories in black or white, and costumes mainly in beige or brown; they even sprayed the leaves of trees with yellow so that their shade of green would not be too bright. The only bold colour permitted was red, the red of the military uniforms.
The film's budget was 222 million old francs; of this, Clair's salary was 20 million and Gérard Philipe's was 18 million.
Filming began at the Studios de Boulogne on 28 April 1955, and continued until 2 July, after which the film was completed rapidly; editing had been largely determined during shooting, with few alternative shots being taken. However, Clair hesitated between different endings for the film, two of which were actually filmed and shown to groups of friends to gauge their reaction. Although several favoured the more bitter and tragic ending, Clair adopted the one that was more delicate and low-key, as being more in keeping with his own manner. Even so, it was the first of his films which "ended badly", and thus marked a departure in his style.
Reception.
The first screening of "Les Grandes Manœuvres" took place in Moscow, on 17 October 1955, as part of the first "French Film Week" (Semaine du cinéma français). (This provoked one attack in a French newspaper which criticised its selection for the USSR because it suggested that the French army had nothing better to do than to pursue female conquests. Clair had fuelled this complaint by declaring at his Moscow press conference that in life there was nothing more serious than love.) The French première took place in Paris on 26 October 1955, and was generally well received by both press and public. Those critics who were less than enthusiastic were at any rate respectful. Several of Clair's longtime supporters thought that it was his best film. One of the few hostile reactions came from Claude Mauriac who objected that the performance of Gérard Philipe made a sympathetic character out of a complaisant seducer. André Bazin observed that the film was "like those classics which do not claim originality in their material, only in the "manner" in which they move the pieces on the chess-board... "Les Grandes Manœuvres" begins as vaudeville, continues as comedy, reaches drama, and culminates in tragedy." A positive review by Jacques Doniol-Valcroze appeared in "France-Observateur" in November 1955 in which he wrote that everything about the film reminded him of an operetta: "We smile, laugh, are astonished, smile again and feel our hearts ache [-] it would be a mistake to underestimate "Les Grandes Manoeuvres", as I understand some people have." 
The film won two important French prizes, the Prix Louis-Delluc and the Prix Méliès.
Among English-language reviewers, there was consistency in their appreciation of Clair's wit and the visual elegance of his use of colour on the one hand, but on the other a disappointment at his perceived failure to bring sufficient emotional engagement to the film's later scenes. In the words of one British review, "Les Grandes Manœuvres" was "an exceptionally finished and civilised entertainment not the least of its assets is the impeccable taste with which Clair, for the first time, manipulates colour"; but, "in negotiating the change to a serious ending, the film is less than wholly satisfactory". Another said, "The film begins beautifully... The gently stylised movements, the light and even rhythm, set [Clair's own personal tone of comedy... Later developments, however, demand more than he seems prepared to give... it fails to convey human passions suddenly taking over." This was echoed by an American reviewer: "has shown true artistry in his use of pastel and vivid hues to capture even the nuances of dress, décor and elegance of a pre-World War I garrison town... [The film is a fragile and compassionate but rarely moving delineation of the grand passion." An Irish review agreed that, "Rene Clair's "Summer Manoeuvres" is anything but a deeply "committed" film, and survives chiefly for its evocation of period... film does not quite compass the violent change from manners to passion...". A more sympathetic summary appeared in "The Times": ""Les Grandes Manoeuvres" is a sigh for lost youth, for a lost generation, and for, perhaps, "l'amour", as against love, and its only failing is that, in enchanting the senses, it fails to touch the heart."
In 1974, the film was given an out-of-competition screening at the Cannes Film Festival.
Clair himself considered "Les Grandes Manœuvres" (along with "Le silence est d'or") to be the best of his post-war films. However, it appeared at a time when the classical studio-bound style of French cinema which Clair represented was coming under attack from a new generation of French critics and filmmakers, and henceforth his films were generally less well received.

</doc>
<doc id="18580316" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18580316" title="Diocese of Lucknow of the Church of North India">
Diocese of Lucknow of the Church of North India

The Diocese of Lucknow is a diocese of Church of North India headquartered in the city of Allahabad. The jurisdiction of the diocese mainly covers the Eastern side of Uttar Pradesh.
History.
Diocese of Lucknow was established in 1857 carving it out from the Diocese of Calcutta. The Diocese was given the name of Lucknow though the mother Cathedral, All Saints Cathedral and Diocesan Headquarters stayed in Allahabad. It was due to the fact that Allahabad was situated within the legally defined territories of the Diocese of Calcutta.

</doc>
<doc id="18580320" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18580320" title="David H. Bromwich">
David H. Bromwich

David H. Bromwich is a member of the Byrd Polar Research Center and a professor at the Department of Geography, The Ohio State University. His work has involved the evaluation and diagnosis of polar weather and climate variability.
He received his Ph.D. in meteorology from the University of Wisconsin, Madison. In 1979 he joined Ohio State's Byrd Polar Research Center as a research scientist.
His research has focused on the variability of precipitation over Antarctica, Greenland, and the Arctic Ocean, thus contributing to the understanding of climate and potential sea level changes. He has made contributions to defining aspects of U.S. science policy.
Having helped identify the need to improve numerical weather prediction (NWP) for the Antarctic, Bromwich has been influential in the development and evaluation of the Antarctic Mesoscale Prediction System (AMPS).
In April 2001 AMPS was one of four weather models used to predict a window of opportunity for the emergency medical evacuation of Ronald Shemenski from the Amundsen-Scott South Pole Station. Flights to the base are normally halted from late February until November because of the extreme winter cold and darkness. But the airlift was successfully completed and pilot Sean Loutitt confirmed the reliance on the forecasts, stating "The weather was the biggest concern".

</doc>
<doc id="18580321" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18580321" title="Rauchen und Yoga">
Rauchen und Yoga

Rauchen und Yoga is an album by German band "Japanische Kampfhörspiele".
References.
Encyclopaedia Metallum
Official Site Discography

</doc>
<doc id="18580322" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18580322" title="James Mavor">
James Mavor

James Mavor (December 8, 1854, Stranraer, Scotland – October 31, 1925, Glasgow, Scotland) was a major Canadian economist of late 19th – early 20th centuries. He served as a Professor of Political Economy of the University of Toronto from 1892 to 1923. His influence upon Canadian economic thought is traced to as late as the 1970s. He played a key role in resettling Doukhobor religious dissidents from the Russian Empire to Canada. He was also a noted arts promoter.
Biography.
James Mavor was born to a Free Church of Scotland minister and teacher James Mavor, and Mary Ann Taylor Birdie. He studied in Glasgow University. After that he taught for some time in a Glasgow college and read special courses in Glasgow University and Edinburgh University. He was also an editor for "Scottish Art Review".
In 1892, upon the recommendation of University of Toronto Professor William Ashley who was leaving for Harvard University, he took Ashley's chair of Political Economy and Constitutional History, moving to Toronto with his family (including daughter Dora who would later become a major figure in Canada's theatre). After 1892, he spent most of his life in Toronto, leaving only for short trips.
At the start, he caused turmoil when he stated Canada could not serve as the only source of wheat for the British Empire as general ideology of the Empire observed it. To avoid further misunderstanding, he took the economy of Russia as his major scientific specialization. As a professor he also researched the economies of Canada, China, Korea, and Japan.
In 1898 through 1899, he became a key figure in the Doukhobor immigration to Canada. His correspondent at the time was notable Russian scientist and major Anarchist ideologist Kropotkin, at that time living in the UK, who proposed that Doukhobor peasantry, numbering several thousand people, be settled in Canada. Through several years that followed, he took a keen interest in the Doukhobor cause, siding with them in cases of conflict with Canadian authorities.
James Mavor as an arts activist helped organize several Canadian art venues, such as the Art Gallery of Ontario and the Royal Ontario Museum.
He published articles and statistics for the Canadian government regarding immigration, wheat production, and workers' healthcare compensation. In 1914, he published the first edition of his "magnum opus", "An Economic History of Russia", in two volumes. This publication earned him membership in the Royal Society of Canada.
After over 30 years of teaching economy, he became professor emeritus and retired in 1923. After he left, the University of Toronto for some time discontinued the tradition of extensive Russian studies he and William Ashley founded.
He died at the age of 71 in Glasgow, Scotland, during a trip to relatives.

</doc>
<doc id="18580330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18580330" title="Andrea Tecchio">
Andrea Tecchio

Andrea Tecchio (born 2 February 1987 in Arzignano, Italy) is an Italian footballer.
Capecchi started his career with Vicenza Calcio in 2006, where he has made two appearances in Serie B.

</doc>
<doc id="18580341" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18580341" title="Huehuetán">
Huehuetán

Huehuetán is a town and one of the 119 Municipalities of Chiapas, in southern Mexico.
As of 2005, the municipality had a total population of 31,464. It covers an area of 313 km².

</doc>
<doc id="18580344" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18580344" title="Roman Catholic Diocese of Meerut">
Roman Catholic Diocese of Meerut

The Roman Catholic Diocese of Meerut () is a diocese located in the city of Meerut in the Ecclesiastical province of Agra in India.

</doc>
<doc id="18580345" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18580345" title="Eigenvector slew">
Eigenvector slew

In aerospace engineering, especially those areas dealing with spacecraft, the eigenvector slew is a method to calculate a steering correction (called a slew) by rotating the spacecraft around one fixed axis. This corresponds in general to the fastest and most efficient way to reach the desired target orientation as there is only one acceleration phase and one braking phase for the angular rate. If this fixed axis is not a principal axis a time varying torque must be applied to force the spacecraft to rotate as desired, though. Also the gyroscopic effect of momentum wheels must be compensated for.
That such a rotation exists corresponds precisely to a main result of the mathematical theory of rotation operators, the (only real) eigenvector of the rotation operator corresponding to the desired re-orientation is this axis. 
Given the current orientation of the craft, and the desired orientation of the craft in cartesian coordinates, the required axis of rotation and corresponding rotation angle to achieve the new orientation is determined by computing the eigenvector of the rotation operator. 
Problem.
Let
be a body fixed reference system for a 3 axis stabilized spacecraft. The initial attitude
is given by
One wants to find an axis relative the spacecraft body
and a rotation angle formula_6 such that after the rotation with the angle formula_6 one has that
where
are the new target directions.
In vector form this means that
Solution.
In terms of linear algebra this means that one wants to find an eigenvector with the eigenvalue = 1 for the linear mapping defined by
which relative to the 
coordinate system has the matrix
Because this is the matrix of the rotation operator relative the base vector system formula_18 the eigenvalue can be determined with the algorithm described in "Rotation operator (vector space)".
With the notations used here this is:
Note that
is the trace of the matrix defined by the orthogonal linear mapping and that the components of the "eigenvector" are fixed and constant during the rotation, i.e.
where formula_28 are moving with time formula_29 during the slew.

</doc>
<doc id="18580366" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18580366" title="Huixtán">
Huixtán

Huixtán is a town and one of the 119 Municipalities of Chiapas, in southern Mexico. Huixtán in the Nahuatl language means "the place of the prickles" 
As of 2005, the municipality had a total population of 18,630. It covers an area of 181.3 km².

</doc>
<doc id="18580377" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18580377" title="Roman Catholic Diocese of Udaipur">
Roman Catholic Diocese of Udaipur

The Roman Catholic Diocese of Udaipur () is a diocese located in the city of Udaipur in the Ecclesiastical province of Agra in India.

</doc>
<doc id="18580379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18580379" title="Huitiupán">
Huitiupán

Huitiupán is a town and one of the 119 Municipalities of Chiapas, in southern Mexico.
As of 2005, the municipality had a total population of 20,041. It covers an area of 149 km².

</doc>
<doc id="18580397" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18580397" title="SCALPEL">
SCALPEL

SCALPEL (Small Contained-Area Laser Precision Energetic Load) is a laser-guided bomb produced by Lockheed Martin. The weapon is being developed from the Enhanced Laser Guided Training Round (E-LGTR) which is the training version of the Paveway II series of bombs. The rationale behind the system is to provide a light, low-collateral damage weapon which can utilise the infrastructure and platform integration already in place for the E-LGTR system. On 14 March 2010, the US Navy announced its intention to purchase Scalpel.

</doc>
<doc id="18580422" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18580422" title="Ixhuatán, Chiapas">
Ixhuatán, Chiapas

Ixhuatán is a town and one of the 119 Municipalities of Chiapas, in southern Mexico.
As of 2005, the municipality had a total population of 8,877 . It covers an area of 72 km².

</doc>
<doc id="18580429" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18580429" title="Mikey Palmice">
Mikey Palmice

Michael "Mikey Grab Bag" Palmice (pronounced Pal-me-see), played by Al Sapienza, is a fictional character on the HBO television series "The Sopranos".
Plot details.
Palmice starts out as a soldier in Corrado "Junior" Soprano's crew as his driver and bodyguard. After Jackie Aprile dies, Junior becomes boss, and Palmice is promoted to "consigliere". He is a very loyal, obsequious minion to Junior, and is very respectful and kind to those whom he deems worthy; when confronted by people he dislikes or who are a threat to Junior, however, he reveals his true nature — that of a violent, depraved sociopath. 
Mikey and Tony Soprano have a mutual hatred toward each other. Tony often teases him with implicit, insulting jokes and one liners such as referring to him as having "fuck-face-itis". Mikey is one of Tony's first enemies on the show. Palmice's wife is named JoJo and he has two sons, Michael Jr. and Francis Albert. Janice mentioned how Michael Jr. was going through his teenage years on Ritalin. He is usually seen driving Junior's black 1995 Lincoln Town Car.
When acting boss Jackie Aprile is diagnosed with cancer and it is apparent he is going to die, Junior is quick to act to ensure that he becomes boss. Palmice wants to take care of any opposition to Junior Soprano, including Tony Soprano and Christopher Moltisanti. He works alongside his friend, Chucky Signore, another soldier in Junior's crew. Palmice advises Junior to take care of business and not allow anyone to step over him. He kills Brendan Filone on Junior's orders after Brendan and Christopher hijack trucks belonging to Comley Trucking, a firm supposedly under Junior's "protection", then contracts two Russians to perform a mock execution on Christopher. Christopher is enraged and wants to kill Palmice himself, but he is warned by Tony not to, because Palmice is a made man and Christopher, at the time, was not. Tony instead beats Palmice severely using a staple gun, in retaliation for the hit and for Christopher's mock execution.
Junior discovers his long-time tailor's teenage grandson has killed himself by jumping off Paterson Falls bridge after he took some ecstasy sold to him by Rusty Irish, who is one of Larry Barese's top earners. He orders Palmice to have Rusty killed to prevent him from selling any more drugs to kids. Palmice and an associate respond by throwing Rusty off the same bridge the boy fell off of, which doesn't sit well with the "caporegimes", especially Larry.
Subsequently, in a meeting, Larry Barese, Raymond Curto, and Jimmy Altieri complain to Tony about Junior and Palmice's behavior. After word gets out that Tony's own mother wants him dead, an associate named Donnie Paduana, organizes a hit on Tony. Tony, along with Junior's other capos, were meeting New York underboss Johnny Sack behind Junior's back at the Green Grove Retirement Community and Junior felt they were conspiring against him. After being given the task, Donnie's contract killers fail to fulfill the job, as there are too many witnesses. At a later meeting, Palmice shoots Donnie in the latter's car. Palmice then informs his wife about the plan to kill Tony, and tells her that it means much more money for them.
Tony and other "caporegimes" such as Ray Curto and Larry Barese describe Palmice as having been "a disease" since childhood. Junior sets the order in motion the second time around, but it doesn't work since Tony survives the assassination attempt and manages to kill one of his assailants. Tony later decides to get rid of both Chucky and Mikey in order to cut Junior's ability to attempt another hit on him. Tony catches Chucky off guard at the marina and executes him. Palmice is then walking out of his home getting ready to jog and arguing with his wife, his last words to his wife was "Go take a midol!", he is then killed after Chris and Paulie Gualtieri chase him down while he is jogging, leaving his dead body in the forest.
Posthumous mentions.
In the episode "From Where to Eternity", when Christoper is revived after being pronounced clinically dead from a murder attempt, he tells Paulie and Tony of a trip he made to hell, where he saw Brendan Filone and Mikey Palmice playing cards with Roman soldiers in an Irish bar and they had a message for Tony and Paulie, "Three o'clock". While not bothering Tony, this greatly upsets Paulie, who thinks Chris went to purgatory. Paulie visits a psychic who claims he can "communicate" with dead people, including Paulie's victims. Palmice is apparently one of the dead people as the psychic says that one of the spirits mentioned poison ivy and wanted to know if it still itched. This is a reference to Palmice's death scene where Paulie is infected by poison ivy while chasing Palmice through the deep woods. How the psychic knew such details is left ambiguous.
In "Whoever Did This", Tony and Christoper take Ralph Cifaretto's severed head to be buried in Palmice's hospitalized father's farm in Upstate New York.
Al Sapienza's last appearance as Mikey Palmice was in the fifth season episode "The Test Dream". Tony dreams he is riding in the backseat of his late father "Johnny Boy" Soprano's 1959 Cadillac Eldorado. Other deceased Soprano crime family members present include Big Pussy Bonpensiero, Ralph Cifaretto, Richie Aprile, and Gigi Cestone. When Tony looks at Palmice and tells him he knows he's dreaming, Palmice simply replies, "I got no opinion. One way or another."

</doc>
<doc id="18580451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18580451" title="Roman Catholic Diocese of Varanasi">
Roman Catholic Diocese of Varanasi

The Roman Catholic Diocese of Varanasi () is a diocese located in the city of Varanasi in the Ecclesiastical province of Agra in India.

</doc>
<doc id="18580452" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18580452" title="José Ignacio Rucci">
José Ignacio Rucci

José Ignacio Rucci (March 5, 1924 – September 25, 1973) was an Argentine politician and union leader, appointed general secretary of the CGT (General Confederation of Labour) in 1970. Close to the Argentine president Juan Perón, and a chief representative of the "syndical bureaucracy" (the trade-union movement's right wing); he was assassinated in 1973.
Trade unionist career.
The son of modest Italian immigrants, he was born in Alcorta, Santa Fe Province, and emigrated to Buenos Aires as a young man to find work. He became a steelworker in the La Ballester-Molina weapons' factory. There, he met Hilario Salvo, leader of the recently founded "Unión Obrera Metalúrgica" (UOM) steelworkers' union. 
Rucci was present on Plaza de Mayo, as well as thousands of workers, on 17 October 1945, a historical date in Peronism. Elected trade union delegate for the first time in 1947, he retained this function until 1953.
Following the self-styled "Revolución Libertadora", a military coup which ousted Perón in 1955, Rucci progressively acquired fame by participating in the Peronist Resistance movement, and was jailed several times for breaching decree 4,161, which proscribed the very mention of Perón's name. Following the creation of the 62 Organizations, the political branch of the CGT, to which he ascribed, Rucci quickly progressed inside the unions' hierarchy, alongside fellow UOM leader Augusto Vandor.
At first a unionist leader in the SOMISA steelworking factory in San Nicolás de los Arroyos (the nation's largest), he assumed the post of press secretary of the UOM in 1960, and sat on its board of directors alongside Vandor, Paulino Niembro, Avelino Fernández and Lorenzo Miguel. He was named inspector in 1964 for the San Nicolás de los Arroyos union local, where he later became the general secretary.
Rucci strongly opposed the unionist Agustín Tosco, the leader of the Córdoba trade union "Luz y Fuerza", who held a more leftist position than Rucci, and opposed the syndical bureaucracy's "participationist" (pragmatic) stance towards the military government of General Juan Carlos Onganía, installed in 1966.
General secretary of the CGT.
The CGT split into the conservative "Azopardo" branch (named after the headquarters' address in Buenos Aires), and the CGT de los Argentinos (CGTA) following the annulment of left-wing graphist workers' leader Raimundo Ongaro as secretary general. The eventual "Cordobazo" of May 1969 led to the CGT-Azopardo's placement in receivership (the CGTA had been banned from the start), though in December, the order was lifted.
Displacing José Alonso in July 1970, Rucci was elected general secretary of the CGT, by 544 delegates on 618 present, during the Normalization Congress, which led to deepened differences between the CGT-Azopardo and the CGTA, which claimed a more radical leftist stance opposed to the military junta. Among those 618 delegates present at the Congress, 544 voted for him; those who voted against were the Vandoristas, on the right-wing (Vandor had spoken in favour of a "Peronism without Perón", supporting the "participationist" tendency among the workers' movement), and the "Cordobeses", who were in favour of armed struggle against the junta 
As the new general secretary of the CGT (hereafter CGT-Azopardo), Rucci launched the slogan "Nothing Without Perón" ("Nada sin Perón") and, after initial optimism, opposed President Alejandro Lanusse's National Accords ("Gran Acuerdo Nacional") of July 1971, which outlined a road map to the return to democratic rule, but which preserved the military's vetting power ovr policy. This helped unite Peronist forces towards the goal of Perón's return from exile. 
Privately, however, Rucci maintained contacts in the Lanusse regime, and lobbied against repeated wage freeze proposals. Hosting Lanusse in an April 1971 summit with the CGT, Rucci persuaded the president to begin negotiations with Perón and other political leaders, and to return the late Eva Perón's remains to Argentina. At least as powerful a symbol among Peronists as the leader himself, Evita had been ordered hidden in Milan by the regime that overthrew Perón in 1955, and their repatriation would buy all concerned in the negotiations time.
Ongoing delays and the failure of the National Accords led Rucci to public threats of a general strike, while maintaining his contacts with Lanusse, and giving Perón the opportunity appear magnanimous by urging against them. Privately, however, he came to doubt that the aging Perón would return in time to run again for office, and began exploring a "syndicalist-military option," by which Lanusse would call elections, and the CGT would back an amenable candidate from within the armed forcesmost likely Lanusse's labor liaison, General Tomás Sánchez de Bustamante. 
Ultimately, Lanusse agreed to elections, and allow Perón to visit Argentina in preparations. He arrived on November 17, 1972, and secured a number of alliances for the upcoming March 1973 elections. Rucci provided a lasting anecdote on the occasion when, during a strong rain, he greeted Perón as the latter deplaned, and spontaneously opened his umbrella to shield the aging leader. Elected by a landslide, Perón's stand-in, Dr. Héctor Cámpora's, took office with a left-wing agenda opposed by Rucci, much of the syndical apparatus, and Perón's influential chief of staff, José López Rega. Cámpora allowed Peronism's "Revolutionary Tendency" faction the pick of several cabinet positions and other significant government posts. Perón, in tuth, insisted on the right-wing López Rega's appointment as the Minister of Social Welfare (controlling 30% of the national budget).
Making inflation reduaction a top policy priority, Economy Minister José Ber Gelbard implemented the Social Pact, which Rucci signed with the "Confederación General Económica" (CGE) represiting management. The agreement, which proposed a price freeze and an increase of wages, was opposed both by the Peronist Left and by the employers' organizations, who claimed it went against free market precepts. Although Rucci was depicted by the Peronist Left as part of the Syndical Bureaucracy, according to the author Berzaba, he received no support, from either López Rega, UOM leader Lorenzo Miguel (a top Syndical Bureaucracy figure), or even Gelbard, once the latter had obtained his signature on the Social Pact.
Perón himself returned to Argentina on June 20, three weeks after Cámpora's inaugural. Rucci, Miguel and other syndicalist figures organized the tribune from which Perón was to address the hundreds of thousands of supporters gathered near Ezeiza Airport. Hours before the scheduled landing, snipers following orders from López Rega shot at leftists in the crowd from the tribune. The ensuing Ezeiza Massacre irreparably split Peronists between the revolutionary left wing and the right wing. The latter's benefactor, López Rega, would increasingly wield influence through Perón's neophyte wife, Isabel.
Final days.
In the context of increased social conflicts and worsening tensions, Rucci's personal secretary, Osvaldo Bianculli, was assassinated, after which Rucci moved into the CGT's cramped headquarters in an attempt to protect his life. He was increasingly isolated and well aware of the threats on his life.
During the truckdrivers' strike in Chile against President Salvador Allende's Marxist government, Rucci sent the Chilean president a letter supporting him against the destabilization program advanced by the CIA.
Following snap elections in September, which resulted in Perón's return to high office, Rucci returned to his Flores neighborhood home. As he approached his car on the morning of September 25, he was ambushed, and shot twenty-three times. An infamous detail is that he was shot twenty-three times and his body was found in front of a poster for the Traviatta crackers, which were known for having twenty-three small holes punched through them. This led to Rucci being mockingly nicknamed "Traviatta" by some political sectors.
Allegedly led by a Montoneros operative known as "Roqué," the commando operation had not been agreed to by the entire leadership of the far-left Montoneros. Carlos Hobert, one of its senior leaders, learned of the assassination by the radio. Some, such as "El Barba Gutiérrez", leader of the Peronist Workers' Youth, as well as Juan Carlos Dante Gullo, of the Peronist Youth, believed that Rucci had been assassinated by the CIA, in an attempt to distabilize Peronism. Perón himself declared at Rucci's death: "They killed my son. They cut off my legs". After Rucci's assassination, Perón went into a state of depression and his health declined further.
Years later, the Montoneros' leadership unofficially recognized their responsibility in Rucci's assassination, which emotionally shook the unsentimental Perón, who cried for the first time in public. The majority of the Montoneros admitted this murder, which prompted Perón to support López Rega's Triple A death squad, to be a major political mistake.

</doc>
<doc id="18580477" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18580477" title="Adolphe Rabinovitch">
Adolphe Rabinovitch

Adolphe Rabinovitch (27 May 1918 – 1944) was a Special Operations Executive agent during the Second World War. He rose to the rank of captain.
Life.
A Russian-Egyptian Jew, he studied in Paris before settling in the United States of America. In 1939 he volunteered in the Foreign Legion and became an SOE agent. He was first parachuted into France on 27/28 August 1942 as a radio operator for the SPINDLE network (codename "Arnaud"), with Peter Churchill and Odette Sansom, and managed to evade capture when that network collapsed. With Victor Hazan (codename "Gervais"), he got back in contact with the network's contacts around Annecy and on the Côte d’Azur before returning to England via Spain. There he became the assistant to Jean de Lattre de Tassigny before being parachuted back into France on the night of 2/3 March 1944 with Roméo Sabourin. His orders were to set up and command the BARGEE network, but the landing site was under German control and he was wounded and captured in as he landed. He was deported to Germany and executed at Gross-Rosen concentration camp in August or September 1944.

</doc>
<doc id="18580485" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18580485" title="Le Grand Méliès">
Le Grand Méliès

Le Grand Méliès is a 1952 short documentary film directed by Georges Franju about the life of the film pioneer Georges Méliès. 

</doc>
<doc id="18580486" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18580486" title="Justice and Unity Party">
Justice and Unity Party

Justice and Unity Party may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18580507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18580507" title="Valhalla High School">
Valhalla High School

Valhalla High School may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18580521" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18580521" title="Yesodot">
Yesodot

Yesodot (, "lit." Foundations) is a religious moshav shitufi in central Israel. Located in the Shephelah, it falls under the jurisdiction of Nahal Sorek Regional Council. In 2006, it had a population of 434. 
The village was established at a control point on the Burma Road in 1948 during the Arab-Israeli War. The community had been established two years earlier by immigrants from Hungary and Poland. 
The kibbutz was established on the land of the depopulated Palestinian village named Umm Kalkha in July 1948.

</doc>
<doc id="18580538" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18580538" title="Pete Saunders">
Pete Saunders

Peter "Pete" Saunders (born 1960) is an English keyboard player, born in Hammersmith, London. 
Early life.
Saunders was born in Hammersmith in West London. When he was 14 his family moved to Birmingham. At the age of 16, he joined Pub Theatre and wrote songs and performed with them. 
Dexy's Midnight Runners.
In 1978, Saunders joined Dexys Midnight Runners in response to an advertisement in his local newspaper. After briefly separating from the band in 1979, he returned in 1980 for the writing and recording of "Searching for the Young Soul Rebels", which peaked in the UK charts at number 6. After leaving the band for a protracted period of time, Saunders returned to Dexys in 2003 to perform on the tracks "Manhood" and "My Life In England Part One".
Various bands.
In 1979 Saunders moved to London, where he drove a van for a living while playing keyboards where and when he could. During this period, The Damned. He also joined The Decorators, playing on their first album "Tablets". They shared a record label with singer Carmel. Inspired by the single "Bad Day", Saunders auditioned in Manchester and joined her on her first album, writing the tune for the song "More More More". At the same time as playing with Carmel, he was also playing keyboards for Serious Drinking, which he describes on his website as "some of the most fun I've ever had in music." He played on their first album, "The Revolution Starts at Closing Time", and the mini album "They May Be Drinkers Robin But They Are Also Human Beings". With the Drinkers he toured the Netherlands and Germany, where the band were played on the John Peel show. Between 1985 and 1987, he played keyboards in Jake Burns and the Big Wheel.
There was then a period of time without music where Saunders had a variety of jobs including decorating. In 1992 he joined the Jive Aces touring France, Germany and Switzerland with the band. Thereafter, he started playing some dinner jazz in hotels and bars and gigs with The Fallen Heroes. In 1999 he formed his own band, The New Originals.
In 2005 he started working at a London burlesque/cabaret venue in Holborn, playing the piano before shows and introducing acts. This led to him putting shows together such as "Blues and Burlesque". Blues and Burlesque became an independent performing group putting on weekly shows at Volupte and then other Venues. In June 2012, Pete Saunders left Volupte. In August that year the group put on a show at the Counting House in the Edinburgh fringe festival with regular sell out shows. This was repeated in 2013 in the Blind Poet.
Personal life.
In 2003 Saunders married Shelley Graham and later that year moved in with her in Islington.

</doc>
