<doc id="18776726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18776726" title="List of Sunderland A.F.C. seasons">
List of Sunderland A.F.C. seasons

Sunderland Association Football Club was founded in 1879 as Sunderland & District Teachers Association Football Club by James Allan. They turned professional in 1885. Sunderland won their first Football League championship in the 1891–92 season two years after joining the league . They won
the Football League First Division on three occasions in four seasons; in 1892, 1893 and 1895, separated by a runner-up spot in 1894. In the 1901–02 season, Sunderland won their fifth Football League First Division championship. They came close to completing the "league and cup double" in the 1912–13 season, winning the league but losing to Aston Villa in the 1913 FA Cup Final. The team's next success came in the 1935–36 season when they won the League Championship and also the Charity Shield. They had not won the FA Cup until the 1936–37 season when they defeated Preston North End in the 1937 FA Cup Final. Sunderland entered The Football League in 1890 and were not relegated from the top division until the 1957–58 season; a total of 58 seasons in the highest division of England. Their next trophy came in the 1973 FA Cup Final as they beat Leeds United 1–0. They reached the 1985 Football League Cup Final but finished as runners-up to Norwich City after being beaten 1–0. In the 1986–87 season Sunderland were relegated to the Football League Third Division for the first time in their history under the management of Lawrie McMenemy, they however, returned to the second division the following season. Their first appearance in the Premier League came in the 1999–2000 season after being promoted as champions from Division One. In winning promotion the club gained 105 points, which was a record at the time. Sunderland gained just 15 points in the 2005-06 season, which set the record for the lowest number of points in a Premier League season, which has since been eclipsed by Derby County.
Sunderland have won the League Championship six times, the FA Cup twice, and the Charity Shield three times (including the Sheriff of London Charity Shield). They have been runners-up in the League Championship five times, in the FA Cup twice and in the League Cup once. In European competitions, Sunderland have reached the second round stage of the UEFA Cup Winners' Cup. The table details the club's achievements in all national and European first-team competitions, and records their top league goalscorer, for each completed season.
Key.
Key to league record:
Key to divisions:
Key to rounds:
Divisions in bold indicate a change in division.
Players in bold indicate the top scorer in the division that season.

</doc>
<doc id="18776753" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18776753" title="Wilhelmsburg station">
Wilhelmsburg station

Wilhelmsburg station is a station on the Harburg S-Bahn line and is served by the rapid transit trains on the Hamburg S-Bahn network. The railway station is located in the quarter Wilhelmsburg in the Hamburg-Mitte borough of the city of Hamburg, Germany.
The station is listed as a "Bf (Bahnhof)" (train station), a place where trains may start, end or change directions, and that has at least one set of points. The station is managed by DB Station&Service, a subsiary of the German railway Deutsche Bahn.
History.
The "Cöln-Mindener Eisenbahn" started its service on the "Rollbahn" line on December 1, 1897. In 1983 — after 10 years of construction, the first part of Hamburg's southern S-Bahn line from Central Station toward Harburg were completed and opened with the new Wilhelmsburg station.
Layout.
The station is fully accessible for handicapped persons, because the highest step is . It has exits on both ends of the island platform and a flat roof.
Services.
Trains.
S3 and S31 line rapid transit trains call at the station. S3 line trains run through central Hamburg and on to the towns of Pinneberg and Stade.
Facilities at the station.
There are no lockers and the station is unstaffed, but there are SOS and information telephones, ticket machines, toilets and a small shop.

</doc>
<doc id="18776759" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18776759" title="Preston Castle">
Preston Castle

Preston Castle may refer to the following locations:

</doc>
<doc id="18776773" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18776773" title="Raphael Beck">
Raphael Beck

Abram Raphael Beck (November 16, 1858 – May 29, 1947) was an American artist born in Lancaster, Pennsylvania. He is best known for his work related to the Pan-American Exposition.
Life and work.
Named after the famous painter, Beck was the oldest of the eight children of J. Augustus Beck, an accomplished artist who designed the bas relief at the foot of the Washington Monument. When Beck was 20, after studying with his father, he traveled to Europe for two years to study in Munich with the famous landscape artist, Paul Weber, and then at the Académie Julian in Paris.
After his return to the States, Beck began his first major commissioned work, a series of murals for the capitol building in Harrisburg, Pennsylvania. Around this time he also settled in Lockport, New York and established a studio in Buffalo.
Beck produced a wide variety of artworks including stain glass windows, life size masks, etchings, oils, watercolors, and large murals, including mural of the opening of the Erie Canal and a portrait of General Lafayette among others.
Beck maintained his studio in Buffalo for thirty years. He went on to design the logo for the 1905 Lewis and Clark Centennial Exposition in Portland, Oregon. Beck died in 1947 and is buried at the Lockport Glenwood Cemetery.
Exposition logo.
His design appeared on a variety of souvenirs ranging from paperweights, pins, and postcards to decks of cards, toothpick holders, and clocks, although the Exposition's executive committee had originally planned to use the Beck design "only for dignified purposes". Realizing its popularity, however, the committee decided to profit from the design as much as possible by selling it to manufacturers. As a result, the use of the logo was so prevalent that it was on "everything that didn't move and some things that did." Some unofficial variations of the logo also appeared on souvenirs, produced by vendors who wanted to cash in on the familiarity of the Beck logo.
McKinley's last portrait.
Beck painted what would become President William McKinley's last portrait. During McKinley's visit to Buffalo, Beck arranged to observe McKinley during his tour of the Exposition, including the President's speech to a crowd of 50,000 near the Triumphal Bridge.
With the preliminary sketches for the portrait completed, Beck left Buffalo for a business trip to New York City. Beck was in New York when McKinley died and he went to work immediately to complete the portrait entitled "President McKinley Delivering His Last Great Speech at the Pan-American Exposition, Sept. 5, 1901." The portrait was hung in the U.S. Senate and later became property of the Buffalo History Museum.

</doc>
<doc id="18776780" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18776780" title="Henry Martell">
Henry Martell

Henry Martell (August 3, 1806 – December 21, 1877) was a merchant and political figure in Nova Scotia, Canada. He represented Arichat Township from 1843 to 1859 and Richmond County from 1859 to 1863 in the Nova Scotia House of Assembly as a Reformer and later Conservative.
He was born in Arichat, Nova Scotia, of French descent, and was educated there. In 1833, he married Marie Julie Peltier. Martell was a school commissioner and a commissioner for St. Peter's Canal. In 1868, he was named to the province's Legislative Council. He died in Arichat at the age of 71.

</doc>
<doc id="18776781" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18776781" title="List of New York Yankees managers">
List of New York Yankees managers

The New York Yankees are a professional baseball team based in New York City, New York in the borough of The Bronx. The Yankees are members of the American League (AL) East Division in Major League Baseball (MLB). The Yankees have won the World Series 27 times, more than any other MLB team. In baseball, the head coach of a team is called the manager, or more formally, the field manager. The duties of the team manager include team strategy and leadership on and off the field. Since starting to play as the Baltimore Orioles (no relationship to the current Baltimore Orioles team) in 1901, the team has employed 34 different managers. The current Yankee manager is Joe Girardi, the current general manager is Brian Cashman and the current owners are Hal and Hank Steinbrenner, who are sons of the late George Steinbrenner, who first bought the Yankees in 1973.
The franchise's first manager was Hall of Famer John McGraw, who managed the team for one year and part of a second before becoming manager of the New York Giants. In 1903, the team moved from Baltimore to New York, where it was initially known as the New York Highlanders. Its first manager in New York was Clark Griffith, who managed the team from 1903 to 1908. Miller Huggins was the next manager to manage the team for more than three seasons. Huggins took over the managerial duties in 1918 and led the Yankees to six American League championships and three World Series titles until his death in 1929. Huggins won 1,067 regular season games with the Yankees, which ranks fourth all-time among Yankee managers.
Several other managers spent long tenures with the Yankees. Joe McCarthy managed the Yankees from 1931 until midway through the 1946 season. During his tenure, the Yankees won eight American League titles and won the World Series seven times. He won 1,460 regular season games with the Yankees and lost 867, both more than any other Yankee manager. Casey Stengel managed the team from 1949 until 1960, winning 10 American League championships, 7 World Series titles, and 1,149 games, which ranks third among Yankee managers. After Stengel retired, Ralph Houk managed the Yankees from 1961 through 1963, winning American League titles each season, and winning the World Series twice. He served a second term as Yankee manager from 1966 through 1973. 
From 1974 until 1995, no Yankee managerial term lasted as long as three complete seasons. Joe Torre managed the Yankees from 1996 through 2007 and the team made the playoffs each season. He also won six American League championships and four World Series titles. His 1,173 regular season wins are second all-time among Yankees managers. He also has the most playoff appearances, playoff wins and playoff losses of any Yankee manager. Torre was named American League Manager of the Year twice, in 1996 and 1998. His predecessor, Buck Showalter, also was named Manager of the Year in 1994. Torre left after the 2007 season and was replaced by Joe Girardi, who is the current manager of the New York Yankees.
Several managers have had multiple tenures with the Yankees. Billy Martin served five terms as Yankee manager. Before his death in 1989, Martin was rumored to be in line for a sixth term if the Yankees started the 1990 season poorly. Yogi Berra, Houk, Bob Lemon, Gene Michael, Lou Piniella and Dick Howser each served two terms as the Yankees' manager. Howser's first term lasted only a single game, as interim manager in 1978 between Martin's firing and Lemon's hiring. Howser also managed a full season in 1980, leading the team to the playoffs, but was fired after the Yankees failed to advance to the World Series. Howser has the highest career winning percentage among all Yankee managers at .632.

</doc>
<doc id="18776788" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18776788" title="Puerto del Boyar">
Puerto del Boyar

The Puerto de las Palomas is a road through two mountains inside the Sierra de Grazalema Natural Park, separating Sierra del Pinar and Sierra del Endrinal.
It is located inside Grazalema municipality (Province of Cádiz) at 1103 meters high. 
Views.
From it there is a nice view of the "depresión del Boyar" and Salto del Cabrero. When sky is clear, also the bay of Cádiz can be seen.
Access.
You can get to it by car (it has a small parking lot), or by two hiking paths:
Others.
Due to it location and orientation it usually gets cover by snow when temperatures are low in wintertime, beingthe only place in the province of Cádiz where snow can be seen some days during year.

</doc>
<doc id="18776792" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18776792" title="You and Me (Olympic theme song)">
You and Me (Olympic theme song)

You and Me () is the theme song for the 2008 Summer Olympics held in Beijing, People's Republic of China, which was performed in the opening ceremony of the Olympics by Liu Huan and Sarah Brightman. Zhang Yimou, director of the opening ceremony, chose the British singer which representing the next Olympic host nation in 2012 and over a local one in keeping to the game's theme of "One World, One Dream", signifying unity across language, race or religious barriers.
The official version of this song lasts four minutes, ten seconds and was composed by Chen Qigang, a Shanghai born French Chinese. The music video of this song features some people from around the world, their names in English and Chinese and lyrics appearing as sung.

</doc>
<doc id="18776808" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18776808" title="Paper Blood">
Paper Blood

Paper Blood is the eighth studio album released by the band Royal Hunt. It is the first album without longtime members Jacob Kjaer and Steen Mogensen who both left the band in December 2003, It is also the last studio album to feature John West on vocals.
Track listing.
All songs written by André Andersen.
Personnel.
with

</doc>
<doc id="18776820" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18776820" title="Live-In Caregiver">
Live-In Caregiver

The Live-In Caregiver Program (LIC) is offered and administered by the government of Canada and is the primary means by which foreign caregivers come to Canada as eldercare, special needs, and childcare providers.Citizenship and Immigration Canada
While such services are offered by Canadian citizens or foreign immigrants with Permanent Residence status (PR), government provisions for a room and board deduction as well as a basic rate of pay that frequently total provincial minimum wage standard allow for the program to be more affordable for many families.
Caregivers who come to Canada through the program are eligible to apply for PR status after working a minimum of two years within four years of their arrival (plus 3 months). For many who would not otherwise qualify for PR status under any other category, this stands as one of the motivations for participation.
Critics contend that as a means of boosting immigration to Canada, the program fails to attract caregivers from a diverse pool of countries. For example, the Philippine nanny is often improperly stereotyped as the program's main market for applicants. While there may be a large and functional industry in the Philippines to produce qualified applicants, individuals from nearly every nation can qualify. Some caregiver placement agencies are substantially broader through their international advertising and the use of immigration legal services.
Standard qualifications are regulated federally, though conditions of employment are determined at a provincial level. Requirements include a minimum of 6 months of training or 1 year of compatible employment within the last 3 years - though various exceptions and additional stipulations do apply. Citizenship and Immigration Canada Such regulations and complicating bureaucratic procedures are the driving force behind the creation of Live-In Caregiver (or Nanny) placement agencies, who act as a mediator between families, caregivers, and the government - providing support for documentation and advice on the program.

</doc>
<doc id="18776822" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18776822" title="Dancing Plague of 1518">
Dancing Plague of 1518

The Dancing Plague (or Dance Epidemic) of 1518 was a case of dancing mania that occurred in Strasbourg, Alsace (then part of the Holy Roman Empire) in July 1518. Numerous people took to dancing for days without rest, and, over the period of about one month, some of those affected died of heart attack, stroke, or exhaustion.
Events.
The outbreak began in July 1518, when a woman, Frau Troffea, began to dance fervently in a street in Strasbourg. This lasted somewhere between four to six days. Within a week, 34 others had joined, and within a month, there were around 400 dancers. Some of these people eventually died from heart attack, stroke, or exhaustion.
Historical documents, including "physician notes, cathedral sermons, local and regional chronicles, and even notes issued by the Strasbourg city council" are clear that the victims danced. It is not known why these people danced, some even to their deaths.
As the dancing plague worsened, concerned nobles sought the advice of local physicians, who ruled out astrological and supernatural causes, instead announcing that the plague was a "natural disease" caused by "hot blood." However, instead of prescribing bleeding, authorities encouraged more dancing, in part by opening two guildhalls and a grain market, and even constructing a wooden stage. The authorities did this because they believed that the dancers would recover only if they danced continuously night and day. To increase the effectiveness of the cure, authorities even paid for musicians to keep the afflicted moving. Some of the dancers were taken to a shrine, where they sought a cure for their affliction.

</doc>
<doc id="18776828" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18776828" title="Non-pneumatic anti-shock garment">
Non-pneumatic anti-shock garment

The non-pneumatic anti-shock garment (NASG) is a low-technology first-aid device used to treat hypovolemic shock. Its efficacy for reducing maternal deaths due to obstetrical hemorrhage is being researched. Obstetrical hemorrhage is heavy bleeding of a woman during or shortly after a pregnancy. Current estimates suggest over 300,000 women die every year, of which 99% occurs in developing countries, most of which are preventable. Many women in resource-poor settings deliver far from health-care facilities. Once hemorrhage has been identified, many women die before reaching or receiving adequate treatment. The NASG can be used to keep women alive until they can get the treatment they need.
Background.
Every year, an estimated 342,900 women die from complications of pregnancy and childbirth, 99% of these deaths occur in developing countries. Worldwide, for every 100,000 live births, about 251 women die. In some industrialized countries such as the U.S, this is 13 deaths for every 100,000 live babies born with American women having a lifetime risk of 1 in 2,100 of dying from childbirth related complications. However, in some countries, such as Afghanistan up to 1,600 women die for every 100,000 live births and women have a 1 in 11 lifetime risk of maternal death.
For every woman who dies, there are 30 women who suffer a disability as a result of pregnancy or childbirth related complications (a maternal morbidity) and 10 who experience a ‘near miss mortality’ (a life threatening obstetric complication). Morbidities can be serious, lifelong ailments which compromise a woman's health, productivity, quality of life, family health and ability to participate in community life. If a mother dies after childbirth, the newborn is ten times more likely to die before the age of two, other children are more likely to suffer from decreased nutrition and decreased schooling. Many motherless families find it difficult to survive, often with older children having to drop out of school in order to work to help support the family or being sent to live with a relatives intact family. In addition to this, maternal and newborn deaths are estimated to cost the world $15 billion in lost productivity annually, with maternal health proven to support a country's economic growth and cut poverty. Maternal death and disability is a human rights issue. It also means hardships and loss of productivity for families, communities and nations. This is of such great concern that in 2000, world leaders decided that improving maternal health should be one of the 8 Millennium Development Goals for the international community.
The leading cause of maternal mortality (deaths from pregnancy and childbirth related complications) is obstetric hemorrhage in which a woman bleeds heavily, most often immediately after giving birth. A woman dies every 4 minutes from this kind of complication. A woman can bleed to death in two hours or less, and in rural areas, where hospitals may be days away, this leaves little hope for women suffering from hemorrhage. Also, in areas that have limited resources, clinics and hospitals might not have the staff or supplies needed to save a woman's life. Women die waiting for treatment.
There are some emerging technologies which are currently being researched and implemented that seek to prevent these unnecessary deaths. One of these is the NASG which is a low-technology first-aid device that can be placed around the lower body of a woman who has gone into shock from obstetric bleeding. This garment decreases blood loss, recovers women from shock and keeps them alive while they are traveling to a hospital or awaiting treatment.
Development of the NASG.
In the 1900s an inflatable pressure suit was developed by George Crile. It was used to maintain blood pressure during surgery. In the 1940s and after undergoing numerous modifications, the suit was refined for use as an anti-gravity suit (G-suit). Further modification led to its use in the Vietnam War for resuscitating and stabilizing soldiers with traumatic injuries before and during transportation. In the 1970s the G-suit was modified into a half-suit which became known as MAST (Military anti-shock trousers) or PASG (Pneumatic Anti-Shock Garment). During the 1980s the PASG garment became used more and more by emergency rescue services to stabilize patients with shock due to lower body hemorrhage. During the 1990s the PASG was added to the American College of Obstetrics and Gynecology, making it part of the recommended treatment for use by obstetricians and gynecologists in the USA. However, it was removed from the guidelines later and is no longer on the ACOG guidelines.
From the 1970s, NASA/Ames was involved in developing a non-pneumatic version of the anti-shock garment. This was originally used for hemophiliac children, but has since been developed into the garment known as the Non-pneumatic Anti-Shock Garment (NASG).
The non-pneumatic anti-shock garment is now off-patent and produced in several different locations.
The use of the garment for obstetrical hemorrhage in low-resource settings began in 2002 when Dr. Carol Brees and Dr. Paul Hensleigh introduced the garment into a hospital in Pakistan and reported on a case series of its use.
Dr. Suellen Miller and colleagues in Mexico, Egypt and Nigeria have completed studies of the NASG (also named the LifeWrap [http://www.lifewraps.org) for obstetric hemorrhage in hospitals in these countries with studies ongoing at primary health care centers in Zambia and Zimbabwe.An implementation program with the NASG as part of a Continuum of Care for Post-Partum Hemorrhage (CCPPH) has been underway since 2008 in India, Nigeria, Tanzania and Peru [http://www.pathfind.org/site/PageServer?pagename=Programs_Nigeria_Stories_NASG08. The NGO Pathfinder International is the lead implementing organization on the CCPPH project. Dr. Suellen Miller has done extensive clinical trials with the device as an obstetric first aid. The U.S. based non-profit organization, Pathfinder International has worked on developing the Continuum of Care model.
How it works.
The non-pneumatic anti-shock garment is a simple neoprene and Velcro device that looks like the bottom half of a wetsuit cut into segments. It can be used to treat shock, resuscitate, stabilize and prevent further bleeding in women with obstetric hemorrhage.
When in shock, the brain, heart and lungs are deprived of oxygen because blood accumulates in the lower abdomen and legs. 
The NASG reverses shock by returning blood to the heart, lungs and brain. This restores the woman's consciousness, pulse and blood pressure. Additionally, the NASG decreases bleeding from the parts of the body compressed under it.
Mechanisms of action are based upon laws of physics. Recent research has identified that the pressure applied by the NASG serves to significantly increase the resistive index of the internal iliac artery (which is responsible for supplying the majority of blood ﬂow to the uterus via the uterine arteries). Another recent study has shown the NASG to decrease blood ﬂow in the distal aorta.
After a simple training session, anyone can put the garment on a bleeding woman. Once her bleeding is controlled, she can be safely transported to a referral hospital for emergency obstetrical care.
The non-pneumatic anti-shock garment is light, flexible and comfortable for the wearer. It has been designed to allow perineal access so that examinations and vaginal procedures can be performed without it being removed. Upon application a patient’s vital signs are often quickly restored and consciousness regained. It is extremely important not to remove the NASG before a woman receives IV fluids, blood and before all vital signs are restored. Early removal can be dangerous and even fatal.
Research and Implementation.
In Egypt and Nigeria, in separate and combined analyses, findings showed that women treated with the NASG fared much better than women who were not treated with the NASG. Results showed significant reductions in blood loss, rate of emergency hysterectomy and incidence of morbidity and mortality. Analyses examining the use of the NASG on cases of uterine atony, postpartum hemorrhage, and non-atonic etiologies (ante and postpartum) found similar results. Other analyses found that the NASG additionally resulted in a more rapid recovery from shock, helped women overcome treatment delays and had a similarly strong ameliorative effect on women in severe shock.
A combined analysis on 1442 women recently published, examined the effect of the NASG on women with obstetric hemorrhage. Despite being in a worse condition at study entry, negative outcomes were significantly reduced in the NASG phase: mean measured blood loss decreased from 444 mL to 240 mL (p<0.001), maternal mortality decreased from 6.3% to 3.5% (RR 0.56, 95% CI 0.35-0.89), severe morbidities from 3.7% to 0.7% (RR 0.20, 95% CI 0.08-0.50), and emergency hysterectomy from 8.9% to 4.0% (RR 0.44, 0.23-0.86). In multiple logistic regression, there was a 55% reduced odds of mortality during the NASG phase (aOR 0.45, 0.27-0.77). The number needed to treat (NNT) to prevent either mortality or severe morbidity was 18 (12-36).
Qualitative research in Mexico and Nigeria has examined acceptance of the NASG and found that overall, there were positive reactions to the garment as a relevant technology for saving women’s lives.
Research is currently ongoing in Zambia and Zimbabwe to investigate whether the NASG is more successful if implemented at primary health care facilities where hemorrhage is first identified.[http://clinicaltrials.gov/ct2/show/NCT00488462]
In 2012, the World Health Organization included the NASG in its recommendations for the treatment of postpartum hemorrhage.

</doc>
<doc id="18776836" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18776836" title="Marsh Ryman">
Marsh Ryman

Marshall W. "Marsh" Ryman (June 26, 1910 – January 31, 1992) was a collegiate hockey coach and athletic director at the University of Minnesota. Ryman played baseball and hockey for Minnesota and was the hockey team captain for the 1931–32 season. Ryman coached the Minnesota Golden Gophers men's hockey team in the 1955–56 season to a 16–12–1 record while John Mariucci coached the United States national men's ice hockey team at the 1956 Winter Olympics. Subsequently, Ryman served as the national team coach himself, from 1958–59. in 1960, Ryman was a referee at the 1960 Winter Olympics. Later, Ryman became the Gophers' athletic director from 1963 to 1972, when the University forced Ryman to resign. He won the 1972 George Eldridge Distinguished Service Award for his work in that position. In 1978, he was elected to the National Association of College Athletic Directors Hall of Fame. Ryman died of pneumonia in St. Louis Park, Minnesota in 1992. He is interred in Lakewood Cemetery in Minneapolis.

</doc>
<doc id="18776868" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18776868" title="James Kitchener Davies">
James Kitchener Davies

James Kitchener Davies (6 June 1902 – 25 August 1952), also known as J. Kitchener Davies, was a Welsh poet and playwright who wrote mostly in the Welsh language. Davies's work is highly influenced by the industrial landscape of his adopted village of Trealaw in the Rhondda Valley and his own nationalistic beliefs.
Born and brought up in Llangeitho in Ceredigion, Davies spent his working life in the newly industrialised coalfields of the Rhondda Valley. The sometimes bleak conditions of his early life, especially as his early adulthood coincided with the economic despair of the depression, is reflected in his plays. Davies was part of the Cadwgan Circle, a literary group of likeminded writers from Rhondda, that centred their image of Wales on the new industrialised society they were brought up in. Members of the Circle included Rhydwen Williams, Pennar Davies and Gareth Alban Davies.
His early play "Cwm Glo" (1934) was seen as controversial because it dealt with the social impact of the depression without the cultural romanticism which was stereotypical of Welsh literature. His verse play "Meini Gwagedd" (1944) is set in the Tregaron area and again looks at the harshness of the industrialised Wales and the self-destructive nature of people when drawn into a spiral of ill fortune.
In 1945, Davies stood in the United Kingdom general election, standing in the Rhondda East constituency as the first member of Plaid Cymru to contest the seat in the Rhondda Valleys. He came last out of three candidates, gaining 2,123 votes (6.1%). The next election, in 1950 he ran again, this time the Rhondda West constituency seat. He increased his vote to 6.6% and then improved this in the 1951 election when he polled slightly higher with 7.7% of the vote, again in the Rhondda West constituency.

</doc>
<doc id="18776870" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18776870" title="No. 664 Squadron RCAF">
No. 664 Squadron RCAF

No. 664 "Air Observation Post" Squadron, RCAF was formed in England during the Second World War. It was manned principally by Royal Canadian Artillery (RCA) and Royal Canadian Air Force (RCAF) personnel, with select British artillery pilots briefly seconded to assist in squadron formation.
History.
The squadron was formed on 9 December 1944, at RAF Andover, its principal role being to direct artillery fire from the air. The pilots were officers recruited from the Royal Canadian Artillery and trained to fly at 22 E.F.T.S. Cambridge, further developing advanced flying skills at 43 Operational Training Unit RAF (43 OTU), RAF Andover. The first Commanding Officer was Major Dave Ely, RCA; the operational Commanding Officer was Major D.W. Blyth, RCA. In England the squadron operated under the overall control of No. 70 Group, RAF Fighter Command; prior to deployment to the European continent, the squadron was transferred to No. 84 Group, Second Tactical Air Force (2 TAF).
In January 1945, the squadron was deployed to RAF Penshurst, deploying to the Netherlands in March 1945. The squadron flew its first operational sortie over the enemy front in the Netherlands on March 22, 1945. The principal aircraft flown in action was the Taylorcraft Auster Mk. IV and V. After V-E Day on May 8, 1945, the squadron was tasked with flying mail and passengers for 1st Canadian Army. The squadron continued flying like duties for the Canadian Army Occupation Force (CAOF) until the spring of 1946. 664 (AOP) Squadron, RCAF, was disbanded at Bad Zwischenahn, Germany, on 31 May 1946. The squadron had no motto or heraldic badge assigned to it.
Although the squadron's trained aircrew observers performed yeoman service in aerial action against the enemy, aircrew associations across Canada did not grant membership to AOP observers, as those aircrew were not officially issued with cloth wings during the war.

</doc>
<doc id="18776876" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18776876" title="Here I Am (Air Supply song)">
Here I Am (Air Supply song)

"Here I Am" is the title of a popular song from 1981 (see 1981 in music) by the Australian group Air Supply. It was written by Norman Saleet and included on the group's album "The One That You Love".
To prevent confusion, the song was originally released as "Here I Am (Just When I Thought I Was Over You)" so as not to be confused by the group's No. 1 hit song "The One That You Love" which contains the lyrics: "Here I am, the one that you love."
Released as a single in the fall of 1981, "Here I Am" peaked at #5 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 chart in November of that year, remaining in the Top 40 for 15 weeks. The song also spent three weeks atop the "Billboard" adult contemporary chart.
Lead vocals on "Here I Am" were performed by the two vocalists in the group, Graham Russell and Russell Hitchcock.

</doc>
<doc id="18776892" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18776892" title="Francesca Isherwood">
Francesca Isherwood

Francesca Louise Isherwood (born 17 June 1991) is a British actress. Her most notable role to date is playing Flavia in the CBBC series of "Roman Mysteries". Her other television credits include "The New Worst Witch", "The Catherine Tate Show" and "Casualty". She attended Burntwood school and now attends the University of York where she studies English Literature. She is still good friends with many of her "The New Worst Witch" co-stars, including Alice Connor, and Daisy Hughes.

</doc>
<doc id="18776908" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18776908" title="Shinobu Ohno">
Shinobu Ohno

After playing in the U-19 and U-20 teams for a short period, Ohno joined the senior Japanese national team in 2003. Her first major tournament was the 2006 AFC Women's Asian Cup, where Japan placed fourth. The following year she played in the 2007 FIFA Women's World Cup, but Japan fell in the group stage. She also competed at the 2008 Summer Olympics, and the 2011 FIFA Women's World Cup, where she scored a goal in the group stage match against Mexico.
Career Statistics.
Club.
1Includes UEFA Women's Champions League.
International.
!colspan="7"|International goals

</doc>
<doc id="18776919" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18776919" title="Dresden Transport Museum">
Dresden Transport Museum

The Dresden Transport Museum (German: Verkehrsmuseum Dresden) displays
vehicles of all modes of transport, such as railway, shipping, road and air traffic, under one roof. 
The museum is housed in the Johanneum at the Neumarkt in Dresden. The Johanneum was built between 1586 and 1590; it is one of the oldest museum buildings in Dresden.
History.
The history of the Dresden Transport Museum begins on 1 May 1952. On that day, negotiations started between the Hochschule für Verkehrswesen (High School for Transportation) and the Ministry of Transport for the construction of a transport museum in the German Democratic Republic. The museum was mainly intended to house the exhibits of the Saxon Railway Museum that had been evacuated during the Second World War.
After Dresden was confirmed as the location, the first vehicles were stabled in a locomotive shed at Dresden's Neustadt station. Six employees began the development of the museum, and by 1953, two small exhibitions were on display. The actual opening in the then still badly damaged Johanneum took place in 1956. The first exhibition showed on the ground floor "120 years of Saxon Transport history." The first director was Elfriede Rehbein.
On 24 November 1958, the museum was transferred into the ownership of the Ministry of Transport. Renovation of the interior was completed in 1966, and the façade followed in 1968. The roof was not covered in copper, but in Duraluminium in keeping with aircraft construction techniques. Since the inauguration of the aviation exhibition in the 1970s, all means of transport, including railway, cars and bicycles, shipping, and air traffic, have been on display in the museum. 
Because of the limited space in the "Johanneum", not all the exhibits are based here. Numerous locomotives are stationed in the former Deutsche Reichsbahn locomotive depot ("Betriebswerk" or "Bw") at Dresden-Altstadt. Furthermore, several vehicles have been loaned to other museums. The lack of space in the Johanneum prompted several discussions during the 1990s about moving the museum. However, the plan was not realized for financial reasons.
Exhibition areas.
The museum is divided into the following exhibition areas:
The German tourism website www.germany-tourism.de describes a visit to the museum as "like stepping into another world. Its unparalleled collection includes historical examples from pre-industrial eras, post-1850 vehicles, and unique exhibits with special historical significance - from delicate miniatures to colossal originals, such as the legendary Saxon "Muldenthal" locomotive (1861). A sedan chair dating from 1705, the museum's oldest exhibit, and a horse-drawn bus are milestones in the history of public transportation in Dresden. The museum also chronicles the history of aviation from the hot air balloon to the supersonic airliner."
The Dresden Transport Museum currently owns 116 different railway vehicles, of which only eight are on display in the "Johanneum". A large number are kept at the depot or entrusted to other societies on loan. Examples include locomotive numbers 17 1055,19 017, 58 261, 24 004, V 15 1001, V 240 001, 120 338 and 130 002 as well as a catenary inspection railbus.
The road traffic exhibition displays Germany's pioneer automobiles, including a replica of Carl Benz's legendary tricycle of 1886, the predecessor of modern cars. The motorcycle exhibition shows, among others, a petroleum-powered Reitwagen ("riding car") motorcycle built by Gottlieb Daimler in 1885, the first internal combustion motorcycle. 
The air traffic area provides visitors with a general overview of the development of civil aviation, with one focus being the Saxon contribution to it, particularly during the period from 1955 to 1961. The inauguration of our new permanent aviation exhibition is scheduled for 5 May 2012, the 60th anniversary of the Dresden Transport Museum.
The sea travel exhibition focuses on inland navigation on the Elbe river and maritime navigation on high seas. It also gives an overview of the past and present of sea travel. 
See also.
List of museums in Saxony

</doc>
<doc id="18776946" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18776946" title="Tate Parrish">
Tate Parrish

Tate Parrish (born May 28, 1986 in Acworth, Georgia) is an American soccer defender who currently plays for the Atlanta Silverbacks of the USL First Division.
Youth.
Parrish grew up in Georgia where he attended Harrison High School. He began college at Appalachian State University, playing on the men’s soccer team in 2004 and 2005. In 2007, he transferred to Clemson University where he spent the 2006 and 2007 seasons. He led the Tigers in scoring senior year with six goals.
Professional.
In 2007, Parrish played for the Atlanta Silverbacks U23s in the Premier Development League. On April 7, 2008, he signed a two year contract with the Atlanta Silverbacks of the USL First Division.

</doc>
<doc id="18776949" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18776949" title="The Johnson Gang">
The Johnson Gang

The Johnson Gang is the collective name for a group of English criminals from Cheltenham, Gloucestershire who specialised in stealing fine art and antiques from English country houses over a period of 20 years. The goods they stole are estimated to be worth between £30 million and £80 million. The gang were sentenced to a total of 49 years in prison in August 2008.
The gang comprised Ricky Johnson (born 1954), his sons Richard "Chad" Johnson (born 1975) and Albi Johnson (born 1983), Daniel O'Loughlin (born 1976 and the nephew of Ricky Johnson) and Michael Nicholls (born 1979) the boyfriend of Ricky Johnson's daughter.
In addition to the thefts from stately homes the gang were involved in thefts from shops, cash machines and metal merchants.
In 2005, the BBC made a documentary about the family called "Summer with the Johnsons", in which they spoke about their love of such pursuits as hare coursing and bare-knuckle boxing. They denied having burgled any country homes, but Ricky Johnson said "I would like to make it clear to the people out there, to the police and the rich people ... if I feel the need when I have got to rob a stately home, I will do so. I will rob it and hope I don’t get caught. But I will only rob your house if I feel the need and I have got to feed my children and nobody is helping me achieve my goal. I feel I have got the fucking right to rob the lords, the sirs and the ladies."
Crimes.
The gang are believed to have been operating for a period of more than 20 years. The most spectacular and lucrative thefts occurred in a period between April 2003 and June 2006. The gang staked out properties for several weeks before the crimes and used 4x4 vehicles to ram heavily bolted gates.
Notable thefts include Waddesdon Manor on 10 June 2003, a National Trust property and former Rothschild family residence near Aylesbury in Buckinghamshire. Goods including 100 antique gold snuff boxes worth around £5 million were stolen. These boxes belonged to a charity that belonged to the Rothschild family.
On 24 October 2005 the home of Formula One motor racing tycoon Paddy McNally's mansion, Warneford Place, the former home of James Bond creator Ian Fleming, in Sevenhampton, near Swindon, Wiltshire was burgled and items worth £750,000 were taken. The thieves removed heavy steel bars from the drawing room windows and bypassed the manor's security system.
On 1 February 2006 the gang perpetrated their biggest theft when they burgled Ramsbury Manor, the home of Harry Hyams, near Marlborough in Wiltshire. The theft is believed to be the largest domestic burglary in the United Kingdom. Prosecutor Paul Reid said that "This has been described as the most valuable domestic burglary ever committed in this country. The collection is described as priceless. There is a difficulty in putting a value on antiques and antiquities – some of them very precious and very rare – but it is tens of millions of pounds."
Investigation and convictions.
In October 2005 the police forces of Gloucestershire, Thames Valley, Warwickshire and West Mercia pooled their resources under the name "Operation Haul". The police spent weeks examining CCTV footage, mobile phone records and images from speed cameras as they investigated 116 offences ranging from country house burglaries to cash dispenser thefts. In April 2006, detectives discovered an underground bunker at a field owned by an associate of the Johnsons near Stratford-upon-Avon. Inside were a number of black bins containing straw and porcelain which was linked to the Ramsbury Manor burglary.
Police arrested Ricky Johnson and Daniel O'Loughlin in June 2006 for the theft of metals worth £360,000. They were convicted at Bristol along with eight other associates in September 2007. They and the rest of the gang were charged with the other burglaries in October 2006. They were found guilty of conspiracy to commit burglary in August 2008 following a month long trial at Reading Crown Court. Richard "Chad" Johnson and Daniel O'Loughlin, were both jailed for 11 years, Michael Nicholls was given 10 years, Albi Johnson, aged 25, was jailed for nine years and Ricky Johnson was given eight years.
Despite the convictions, antiques worth tens of millions of pounds have yet to be recovered. Passing sentence, Judge Christopher Critchlow said "Little of the property has been recovered and is no doubt well hidden in the countryside or passed on for disposal". Since the arrests only three items have been recovered: two clocks, including a Benjamin Vulliamy bracket clock which aroused the suspicions of an auctioneer and a 17th-century portrait by Abraham van Diepenbeck, stolen from Ramsbury, was also found in May 2008.
Since the arrests in 2006, Thames Valley Police have seen a 90 per cent reduction in offences attributable to the group and across all areas there has been a dramatic decrease in country house burglaries, and cash machine and metal thefts.

</doc>
<doc id="18776966" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18776966" title="List of awards and nominations received by Muse">
List of awards and nominations received by Muse

Muse are an English alternative rock band formed in Teignmouth, Devon by Matthew Bellamy (lead vocals, guitars, piano), Christopher Wolstenholme (bass, backing vocals) and Dominic Howard (drums, percussion). The band have released six studio albums: "Showbiz" (1999), "Origin of Symmetry" (2001), "Absolution" (2003), "Black Holes and Revelations" (2006), "The Resistance" (2009) and "The 2nd Law" (2012). "Supermassive Black Hole", the first single from the band's fourth album "Black Holes and Revelations", is Muse's highest charting single, peaking at #4 on the UK Singles Chart and #6 on "Billboard"'s Hot Modern Rock Tracks. The band's fourth studio album, "Black Holes and Revelations", has been their highest-selling album, with over three and a half million copies sold worldwide.
Muse have been nominated eight times at the BRIT Awards, receiving two awards; both were for "Best Live Act", in 2005 and again in 2007. The band received five awards at the MTV Europe Music Awards, winning both "Best Alternative Act" (in 2004 and 2006) and "Best UK & Irish Act" (in 2004 and 2007). The album "Black Holes and Revelations" received numerous nominations, including a Mercury Music Prize, "Best British Album" from the BRIT Awards and "Best Album" from both the MTV Europe Video Awards and the NME Awards. At the Kerrang! Awards, Muse have been nominated for the "Best British Band" award five times, from 2001 to 2004 and again in 2007, but only winning it in 2001. The NME Awards have recognised Muse by awarding them the "Best Live Band" award in 2005, 2008 and 2009; the "Best British Band" award in 2007, 2010 and 2011 and the "Best New Band" award in 2000. The Q Awards have also recognised Muse as outstanding live performers; the band were nominated for the "Best Live Act" award five times, winning it three times in 2003, 2004, and 2006, and winning "Best Act in the World Today" in 2009 and 2012. In 2010, Muse won an MTV VMA for the first time, for Best Special Effects in a Video for "Uprising", with special effects by Humble. In 2011, they received three Grammy Award nominations, of which they won "Best Rock Album" for "The Resistance", and in 2012 they received a further two nominations, for "Best Rock Album" for "The 2nd Law", and "Best Rock Song" for "Madness". They also received the prestigious Ivor Novello Award for the first time, for International Achievement. Overall, Muse have received 37 awards from 105 nominations.
American Music Awards.
The American Music Awards is an annual awards ceremony created by Dick Clark in 1973. Muse have received one award from one nomination.
Best Art Vinyl Award.
The Best Art Vinyl award has been awarded since 2005 by Art Vinyl Ltd for the best album artwork of the past year. The award is judged by public vote from a list of 50 nominations from music industry and graphic design experts. In 2009, "The Resistance" won the award, beating Manic Street Preachers and Fever Ray to first place. For Best Art Vinyl 2012, "The 2nd Law" came in second place. 
Billboard Music Awards.
The Billboard Music Awards, sponsored by "Billboard" magazine, is one of several annual United States music awards shows. The BMAs honour winners based on "Billboard"'s year-end music charts, which are based on Nielsen data for sales, downloads and airplay. Muse were nominated for two awards.
BRIT Awards.
The BRIT Awards are the British Phonographic Industry's annual pop music awards. Muse have received two awards from ten nominations.
European Festival Awards.
The European Festival Awards are awarded annually, with various categories for all aspects of festivals that have taken place in Europe. Muse have received 2 awards from 2 nominations.
Grammy Awards.
The Grammy Awards are an annual music awards show, presented by National Academy of Recording Arts and Sciences. Muse have received one award from five nominations. 
Ivor Novello Awards.
The Ivor Novello Awards, named after the Cardiff born entertainer Ivor Novello, are awards for songwriting and composing. They are presented annually in London by the British Academy of Songwriters, Composers and Authors (BASCA). The Ivors remain the only award ceremony in the musical calendar that is not influenced by publishers and record companies but judged and presented by the writing community.
Kerrang! Awards.
The Kerrang! Awards are awarded annually by British music magazine "Kerrang!". Muse have received four awards from eleven nominations.
Mercury Prize.
In 2006, Muse were nominated for the Mercury Prize for their album "Black Holes and Revelations".
Meteor Music Awards.
The Meteor Music Awards are the national music awards of Ireland, established by mobile telecommunications company Meteor. Muse have received one award from three nominations.
MTV Awards.
MTV Asia Awards.
The biannual MTV Asia Awards is the Asian equivalent of the Australian MTV Australia Awards. Muse have received one award.
MTV Europe Music Awards.
The MTV Europe Music Awards is an annual awards ceremony established in 1994 by MTV Europe. Muse have received five awards from twelve nominations. They performed at the 2012 show. 
MTV Video Music Awards.
The MTV Video Music Awards is an annual awards ceremony established in 1984 by MTV. Muse have received one award from two nominations.
MTV Video Music Awards Japan.
The MTV Video Music Awards Japan is the Japanese version of the MTV Video Music Awards, established in 2002 by MTV Japan. Muse have received three nomination.
mtvU Woodie Awards.
The mtvU Woodie Awards are awarded annually by American music video network mtvU. Muse have received one award from three nominations.
NME Awards.
The NME Awards are an annual music awards show, founded by the music magazine "NME". Muse have received 16 awards from 43 nominations, and have 2 pending.
NRJ Music Awards.
The NRJ Music Awards, created in 2000 by the radio station NRJ in partnership with the television network TF1, takes place every year in mid-January at Cannes. They give out awards to popular musicians in different categories. Muse have received one nomination.
Peoples Choice Awards.
the People's Choice Awards is an annual awards ceremony from CBS to honor pop culture. Muse received one nomination
Q Awards.
The Q Awards are the UK's annual music awards run by music magazine "Q". Muse have received six awards from 21 nominations. 
UK Festival Awards.
The UK Festival Awards are awarded annually, with various categories for all aspects of festivals that have taken place in the UK, and one category for European festivals. Muse have received 2 awards from 3 nominations.

</doc>
<doc id="18776975" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18776975" title="Song of America (album)">
Song of America (album)

Song of America is a 3-disc, compilation album comprising 50 songs related to the history of America. Released on September 18, 2007 under Split Rock Records/Thirty One Tigers, the music collection was conceived by former U.S. Attorney General Janet Reno and musician Ed Pettersen (who is married to Reno's niece).

</doc>
<doc id="18776997" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18776997" title="Chloragogen cell">
Chloragogen cell

Chloragogen cells are cells in annelids that function similarly to the liver in vertebrates.
The cells store glycogen and neutralize toxins, are yellowish in colour due to the presence of yellow granules called chloragosomes and are present in coelomic fluid of some annelids.
These cells are derived from the inner coelomic epithelium, and help in excretory functions, as most commonly demonstrated in earthworms.
They have characteristic vesicular bulging which store and transport substances like glycogen and nitrogenous wastes. They take part in the deamination of amino acids and synthesis of urea.
Silicates taken in along with food are deposited in the chloragogen cells.

</doc>
<doc id="18777003" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18777003" title="XCT790">
XCT790

XCT790 is a potent and selective inverse agonist ligand of the estrogen-related receptor alpha.

</doc>
<doc id="18777020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18777020" title="Louisiana Highway 3265">
Louisiana Highway 3265

Louisiana Highway 3265 is a primarily east–west highway that serves the village of Woodworth. It connects US 165, which travels from Lake Charles, LA to Alexandria, LA, with Interstate 49. LA 3265 is two lanes for its entire route. The speed limit is from Woodworth to I-49.
Prior to the 1955 renumbering, LA 3265 was State Route 613, running west to east from State Route 85 to State Route 1, the former US 71.
Route description.
LA 3265 begins in Woodworth at an intersection with US 165 and runs northwest for about three miles before terminating at a diamond interchange with Interstate 49.

</doc>
<doc id="18777023" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18777023" title="Meramec Township, Jefferson County, Missouri">
Meramec Township, Jefferson County, Missouri

Meramec is a locally designated name located on the intersection of Highway 21 and East/West Rock Creek. Meramec Heights does not have its own post office. All residents residing on the east side of 21 have an Arnold, Missouri address, and all residents residing on the west side of 21 have an Imperial, Missouri address.

</doc>
<doc id="18777054" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18777054" title="Korean temple cuisine">
Korean temple cuisine

Korean temple cuisine refers to a type of cuisine that originated in Buddhist temples of Korea. Since Buddhism was introduced into Korea, Buddhist traditions have strongly influenced Korean cuisine as well. During the Silla period (57 BC – 935 AD), "chalbap" (찰밥, a bowl of cooked glutinous rice) "yakgwa" (약과, a fried dessert) and "yumilgwa" (a fried and puffed rice snack) were served for Buddhist altars and have been developed into types of "hangwa", Korean traditional confectionary. During the Goryeo Dynasty, "sangchu ssam" (wraps made with lettuce), "yaksik", and "yakgwa" were developed, so spread to China and other countries. Since the Joseon Dynasty, Buddhist cuisine has been established in Korea according to regions and temples.
On the other hand, royal court cuisine is closely related to Korean temple cuisine. In the past, when the royal court maids called "sanggung", who were assigned to "Suragan" (hangul: 수라간; hanja: 水剌間; the name of the royal kitchen), where they prepared the king's meals, became old, they had to leave the royal palace. Therefore, many of them entered Buddhist temples to become nuns. As the result, culinary techniques and recipes of the royal cuisine were integrated into Buddhist cuisine.
Dishes by region.
"Baek kimchi" (white kimchi) to which pine nuts have been added, "bossam kimchi" (보쌈김치)," and gosu kimchi" (고수김치, coriander kimchi) are famous in Buddhist temples of Gyeonggi and Chungcheong Province. In Jeolla Province, "godeulppagi kimchi" (고들빼기김치, kimchi made with "Youngia sonchifolia"), "gat kimchi" (갓김치, kimchi made with "Brassica juncea" var. integrifolia), and "juksun kimchi" (죽순김치, bamboo shoot kimchi), all of which include "deulkkaejuk" (perilla congee) as an ingredient, are famous. None of these varieties of kimchi contain garlic, scallions, or "jeotgal" (salted fermented seafood), as foods in the genus "Allium" are generally avoided by traditional Buddhist monks and nuns of China, Korea, Vietnam and Japan.
Dishes by temple.
Tongdosa located in Yangsan, South Gyeongsang Province is known for its "dureup muchim" (두릅무침, sauteed shoots of "Aralia elata"), "pyeogobap" (표고밥, shiitake rice), "nokdu chalpyeon" (녹두찰편, steamed "tteok", a rice cake made with mung beans) are well-known dishes as well as kimchi, "saengchae" (생채, cold salad), "twigak" (튀각, a fried dish with without coating), and "jeon" (pancake) made with young shoots of "Toona sinensis". The species is called "chamjuk", literally meaning "true bamboo" in Korean because its shoots can be eaten like bamboo shoots. However, the dishes are prefixed with either "chanmjuk" or "gajuk" (가죽, literally "false bamboo") according to region.
Haeinsa, located in Hapcheon, South Gyeongsang Province, is not only famous for the Tripitaka Koreana but also specialty of the temple cuisine such as "sangchu bulttuk kimchi" (상추불뚝김치, lettuce kimchi), "gaji jijim" (가지지짐, pan-fried sliced eggplant), "gosu muchim" (고수무침, sauteed coriander leaves), "sandongbaekip bugak" (산동백잎부각, fried leaves of "Lindera obtusiloba"), "meouitang" (머위탕 "Petasites japonicus" soup), "songibap" (송이밥, rice dish made with matsutake), "solipcha" (솔잎차, tea made with leaves of "Pinus densiflora").

</doc>
<doc id="18777081" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18777081" title="Henry Wood Elliott">
Henry Wood Elliott

Henry Wood Elliott (November 13, 1846 – May 25, 1930) was an American watercolor painter, author, and environmentalist whose work primarily focused on Alaskan subjects. A number of his works have an ethnographic bent, displaying aboriginal Alaskans engaging in traditional practices; some of these works are stored in the National Anthropological Archives at the Smithsonian. Elliott also focused on the Alaskan landscape and wildlife.
In 1886, Elliott published a book entitled "", which contains an in-depth exploration of Alaska's history, geography, people, and wildlife.
He became involved in early conservation efforts of the fur seal, in 1905 co-authoring a document with United States Secretary of State John Hay that would eventually become the North Pacific Fur Seal Convention of 1911, the first international treaty dedicated to the conservation of wildlife.

</doc>
<doc id="18777084" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18777084" title="Cameron Prairie National Wildlife Refuge">
Cameron Prairie National Wildlife Refuge

Cameron Prairie National Wildlife Refuge is located approximately southeast of Lake Charles, Louisiana, in north central Cameron Parish. It contains that include fresh marsh, coastal prairie, and old rice fields
The visitor center opened in 1994 and is located south of Lake Charles on Louisiana Highway 27, 11 miles south of Holmwood, Louisiana. The center's exhibits focus on the birds and other wildlife found in the refuge, and the plant and animal life and different types of ecosystems. An animated exhibit features a Cajun resident named Tante Marie, who sits in a pirogue and talks about life in the refuge. The visitor center suffered damage from Hurricane Rita, and is expected to reopen with new exhibits in the fall of 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="18777089" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18777089" title="Even the Nights Are Better">
Even the Nights Are Better

"Even the Nights Are Better" is the title of a popular song from 1982 (see 1982 in music) by the Australian soft rock group Air Supply. It was written by Terry Skinner, J.L. Wallace and Ken Ball, a songwriting collaboration that also yielded a hit song for The Carpenters ("Touch Me When We're Dancing"). "Even the Nights Are Better" was included on Air Supply's 1982 album "Now and Forever". The song has also been covered by Anne Murray.
Released as a single in mid-1982, "Even the Nights Are Better" first charted in the United States on the "Billboard" adult contemporary chart, where it spent four weeks at No. 1 in July and August. This was Air Supply's third song to reach the summit on this chart. In September 1982, the song reached its peak position of No. 5 on the "Billboard" Hot 100, becoming the group's seventh consecutive top five hit on the US pop chart. In the United Kingdom, where the group did not enjoy the same amount of success as they did in Australia and the US, the song reached No. 44 on the UK Singles Chart.
This song also had the distinction of peaking the highest on the Billboard chart and then exiting the Top 40 the following week, moving from No. 6 to No. 42 in September 1982. Taylor Swift has since beaten that chart phenomenon when her song "Red" fell from No. 6 to No. 54 in October 2012.
Although Air Supply would continue to record and perform concerts (except for a few year hiatus in the late 1980s and early 1990s), "Even the Nights Are Better" was one of the last hit records for the group in the United States.
The video for "Even the Nights Are Better" was filmed in on the boardwalk, beach, and amusement area of Coney Island, Brooklyn, New York.

</doc>
<doc id="18777105" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18777105" title="Hugh Prosser">
Hugh Prosser

Hugh Prosser (November 6, 1900 – November 8, 1952) was a Hollywood actor who appeared in over 90 films between 1936 and 1953.
A native of Illinois, Prosser was a versatile supporting performer particularly adept at playing unscrupulous villains, but also satisfactory in character roles and the occasional sympathetic part. Also very prolific on early television shows, he played bit parts in some renowned films but excelled both in B-movies and several cliffhanger serials.
Prosser was killed in an automobile accident near Gallup, New Mexico, at the age of 52.

</doc>
<doc id="18777107" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18777107" title="Catahoula National Wildlife Refuge">
Catahoula National Wildlife Refuge

Catahoula National Wildlife Refuge, located in east central Louisiana, east of Jena, was established in 1958 as a wintering area for migratory waterfowl. The refuge contains divided into two units. The Headquarters Unit borders nine miles (14 km) of the northeast shore of Catahoula Lake, a natural wetland renowned for its large concentrations of migratory waterfowl. The Bushley Bayou Unit, located west of Jonesville, was established May 16, 2001. This acquisition was made possible through a partnership agreement between The Conservation Fund, American Electric Power, and the Fish and Wildlife Service. The habitat found at the refuge is primarily lowland hardwood forest subject to seasonal backwater flooding from the Ouachita, and Red Rivers.
Wildlife.
White-tailed deer, small game mammals, songbirds, raptors, waterbirds, reptiles, and amphibians are commonly seen throughout the refuge. Waterfowl are abundant during the winter. Peak waterfowl populations of 75,000 ducks have been recorded. In 1979, the Duck Lake Impoundment was created to provide of waterfowl habitat. Management of the impoundment is to manipulate water levels to promote the growth of aquatic and moist soil vegetation. In 2001, Catahoula NWR was designated a Globally Important Bird Area. Catahoula Lake is recognized as a Wetlands of International Importance (RAMSAR site): a historic concentration area for shorebirds, waterbirds, and migrating/wintering waterfowl. Catahoula NWR also borders a portion of the Dewey Wills Wildlife Management Area. Together, these areas provide a haven for wildlife and preserve representative samples of the unique habitats originally found in the Lower Mississippi River Ecosystem.

</doc>
<doc id="18777120" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18777120" title="Roskino">
Roskino

Roskino or Federal Agency on Culture and Cinematography (Федеральное агентство по культуре и кинематографии (Роскино) was a federal establishment in the Russian Federation.
It was abolished by President on May 12, 2008, with its functions handed over to the Ministry of Culture of the Russian Federation. 
On September 30, 1992, the State Committee of Russian Federation for Cinematography was created, which was called "Roskomkino" (Роскомкино). By a decree of August 14, 1996 it was made from "State Committee" into the "Committee" which is its current name (Roskino, Russian: Роскино). It was modeled on the Soviet goskino. 

</doc>
<doc id="18777132" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18777132" title="Maan Gaye Mughal-e-Azam">
Maan Gaye Mughal-e-Azam

Plot.
When the Kalakar Theatre Company, a theatre group in Goa, attempts to stage a political drama, the local authorities close down the play and force them to perform a more traditional play, a stage version of "Mughal-E-Azam". The company then discovers that an underworld don is engineering a bomb blast to shake confidence in the Indian government. The drama company forms a plan to save the entire city from the blast. The actors, led by their producer Uday (Paresh Rawal), are assisted by RAW agent Arjun Rastogi (Rahul Bose) in their efforts to foil the bombing. Arjun falls in love with Uday's wife, Shabnam (Mallika Sherawat) who also becomes involved with an ISI agent (Kay Kay Menon). Performing multiple roles in disguise, the characters eventually save the entire nation from the bomb blast. 
Reception.
"Maan Gaye Mughal-E-Azam" received mostly negative reviews from critics. It received one star out of five from Khalid Mohamed and was termed "deliriously bad" by Anupama Chopra. It also performed poorly at the box office and was declared a flop.

</doc>
<doc id="18777142" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18777142" title="Frazer Will">
Frazer Will

Frazer Will (born May 10, 1982 in Star City, Saskatchewan) is a judoka from Star City, Saskatchewan, Canada, who won gold medals at the 2006 and 2007 Pan American Judo Championships, the 2007 Chinese Open and four national championships in the lightweight (60 kg) division. He finished in 7th place in his division at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing. 

</doc>
<doc id="18777163" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18777163" title="Cure All">
Cure All

Cure All is an album by keyboardist Robert Walter. The recording features James Singleton (bass) and Johnny Vidacovich (drums). "AllMusic" states that "Cure All" is soul-jazz with "a healthy balance of intellect and funkiness". "All About Jazz" states "Cure All's" "simplicity is refreshing rather than predictable" and that Walter's sidemen for the album are known for their appreciation for the spirit of New Orleans.

</doc>
<doc id="18777164" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18777164" title="Dutton–Waller Raised Tybee Cottage">
Dutton–Waller Raised Tybee Cottage

Dutton–Waller Raised Tybee Cottage is a cottage on Tybee Island, Georgia, in Chatham County, Georgia, near Savannah. It is significant as a very well preserved example of a raised Tybee cottage. It is one of few still intact from the "golden era" of Tybee Island's development during 1910–1939, when Tybee Island became a beach house community for Savannah middle-class families.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on July 24, 2008. It is the fourth property that is listed as a featured property of the week in a program of the National Park Service that began in July, 2008.
The cottage is located in the Back River area of Tybee Island; there are also historic cottages preserved in the Strand area of the island. Cottages of this type were built from the 1920s through the 1940s as summer homes for the middle class. The Dutton–Waller Raised Tybee Cottage was built as a speculative investment by Edward A. Dutton in 1938. It was purchased in 1940 by Blanche S. Waller. The unpainted interior retains the original, rustic heart-pine paneling and bungalow floor plan. The living space is on the upper floor of the two-story building, with servants' quarters and garage space below. The cottage was remodeled extensively in 2006. It has been refurbished to remove non-historic changes made in the 1950s–1970s and replace historic elements that had been removed. The cottage's significance is enhanced by the fact that it is one of the few such cottages remaining, most having been demolished to make way for much bigger homes in recent times of escalating property values. It is listed as a three-bedroom, two-bathroom home, with an additional sleeping porch. There are live oak trees, jasmine, and palm trees surrounding the house.

</doc>
<doc id="18777166" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18777166" title="Carl Frederick von Saltza">
Carl Frederick von Saltza

Carl Fredrik von Saltza (October 29, 1858 - December 10, 1905) was an artist and portrait painter. Saltza was best known in Sweden for his genre pictures in watercolor and for his drawings. He was one of the main illustrators for Fredrik Sander's 1893 edition of the "Poetic Edda". In the United States, Saltza was best known for his portraits.
Life.
Saltza was born in Sörby, Östergötland, Sweden to Count Carl Anton Philips von Saltza and Countess Gustava Christina Dela Gardie in 1858. Saltza received his early education in private schools in Uppsala and Stockholm, Sweden, and subsequently went on to study painting in the Royal Academy in Stockholm. There he studied under Georg von Rosen and August Malmström. Dissatisfied with the teaching, Saltza traveled abroad with his friend Karl Nordström and continued his studies at the Royal Academy in Brussels, Belgium, and under private teachers in Paris, France, including Jean-Léon Gérôme. 
Upon his return to Sweden Saltza associated himself with the group of artists who formed Konstnärsförbundet in 1886. The conflict between the Royal Academy and Konstnärsförbundet contributed to Saltza's decision to emigrate to the United States in 1891. Saltza was an instructor in painting in St. Louis, Missouri, from 1892 to 1898 and at the Chicago Art Institute in Chicago, Illinois, from 1898 to 1899. In 1899 to 1901, Saltza was an instructor at the Teachers' College at Columbia University in Manhattan, New York City. Later in life, Saltza painted portraits in Cleveland, Ohio, and died in St. Luke's Hospital, New York in 1905.
Saltza married Henrietta Stoopendahl in 1883 in Stockholm. The von Saltza house is extinct in Sweden but survives in the United States.

</doc>
<doc id="18777204" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18777204" title="Red Bud, Georgia">
Red Bud, Georgia

Red Bud is a small unincorporated community in Gordon County, Georgia, United States.
Education.
Red Bud Elementary (Cardinals)
Red Bud school once comprised grades K-12, but was closed down to all grades but k-5 after the 1990-1991 school year.

</doc>
<doc id="18777207" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18777207" title="Fredrik Ramm">
Fredrik Ramm

Fredrik Ramm (11 March 1892 – 1943) was a Norwegian journalist.
He was born in Oslo as a son of chief physician Fredrik G. O. Ramm and Anna Margaretha Brinchmann. He was a nephew of pioneering woman physician Louise Vally Ramm and writer Minda Ramm who was married to Hans E. Kinck. He was also a distant relative of Nikolai Ramm Østgaard. In 1917 he married Eva With. Their son Fredrik Ramm, Jr. became director of Norwegian Brewers.
Ramm finished his secondary education in 1910. He was a journalist in "Verdens Gang" from 1915 and in "Morgenbladet" from 1917, Paris correspondent for "Verdens Gang", "Politiken" og "Stockholms-Tidningen" from 1919 to 1921 and journalist in "Tidens Tegn" from 1921. After participating in Roald Amundsen's North Pole expedition he became news editor in "Morgenbladet" from 1928. He also wrote one chapter in Amundsen's book "88° nord".
Ramm also wrote the pamphlets "En forsvarsbrochure" in 1915 and "Ruhr-aksjonen" in 1925. He is especially known for the article "En skitten strøm flyter over landet" (A dirty stream flows over the country) on 28 October 1931, an attack on the radical intellectual writers such as Sigurd Hoel. He knew Ronald Fangen well, and as him he participated in the Oxford Group.
He received the Italian Geographic Society Medal and was decorated as a Knight, First Class of the Order of St. Olav, a Knight of the Italian Order of the Crown and an Officier d'Académie in France.
In 1941, during the occupation of Norway by Nazi Germany he was sentenced to a so-called "Zuchthaus". He was sent to Hamburg where he got ill, and got permission to go home, but died on the way back.

</doc>
<doc id="18777208" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18777208" title="Ghantewala">
Ghantewala

The Ghantewala Halwai (घंटेवाला हलवाई) in Chandni Chowk in Delhi, established in 1790 CE is one of the oldest halwais (traditional sweet shop) in India 
It has catered to Mughal Emperors, Presidents and Prime Ministers of India, from Nehru to his grandson Rajiv Gandhi. Over the years, it has also remained a popular visitors attraction in Old Delhi area and known for its "Sohan Halwa" This popular mithaiwala has now even ventured into the e-commerce space by partnering with a famous online food retailing website www.chandnichowkfood.com
History.
It was founded by Lala Sukh Lal Jain who had arrived in the walled city of Delhi from Amber, India, a few years after Sindhia restored Mughal Emperor Shah Alam II (r. 1759 - 1806). The shop is now run by his descendants. 
There are a couple of theories about how it got its name "Ghantewala" According to one, it was so named by Mughal Emperor, Shah Alam II himself who asked his servants to get sweets from the "ghante ki neeche wali dukaan" (Shop below the bell) shop, which in time got shortened to simply Ghantewala. In those days the area was sparsely populated and the Emperor who used to live in the Red Fort could hear the toll of the bell for the school which was located in near the shop.
Ghantewala's sweets were already famous before the Indian Rebellion of 1857 (Ghadar). The newspaper, 'Dihli Urdu Akhbar' of August 23, 1857 reported about the rebels from other regions become softened after they discovered the luxuries of the royal capital:
..The moment they have a round of Chandni Chowk ... enjoy the sweetmeats of Ghantawala, they lose all urge to fight and kill the enemy.
The Lala began by selling Mishri Mawa, a Rajasthani specialty. They now have around 40 to 50 different varieties of sweets that they keep changing according to the season or festivals, according to Sushant Jain, who is a seventh generation descendant. The family split a few decades ago and another branch has a shop nearby near the fountain. One shop is closed while another shop has changed its name as Ghantewala Confectioners run by a descendant, Nirmal Jain It is situated close to the Gali Paranthe Wali also in Chandni Chowk.
Products.
According to the owner Sushant Jain, the 'Sohan Halwa' is a favourite of patrons from as far away as the Gulf. Pista Burfi and perennial favourite like 'motichoor ki ladoo', Kalakand, Karachi halwa and snacks like "makkan choora" are also popular among the patrons. Today it also sells traditional Indian snacks, like namkeen, samosa, kachori etc., besides festive sweets like gujiyas around Holi.
In popular culture.
When film producer B.R. Chopra made his comedy Hindi film "Chandni Chowk" (1954), he made sure that a replica of the shop is included in his set. He said: "Chandni Chowk without Ghantewala? Unthinkable." Near the end of the movie, the dramatic finale occurs right in front of Ghantewala counter, with a sign in English and Urdu proclaiming the association of the shop with the Mughal emperors.

</doc>
<doc id="18777209" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18777209" title="Downtown Winters Historic District">
Downtown Winters Historic District

The Downtown Winters Historic District, also known as the Main Street Historic District, is a historic district in Winters, Yolo County, California which includes the block of Main Street between Railroad Avenue and First Street. The district is the commercial center of Winters and includes commercial buildings built between the 1870s and 1912. Twenty buildings are included in the district, thirteen of which are contributing buildings. The most prominent building in the district is the DeVilbiss Hotel, which was built in 1899 and designed by A.A. Cook of Sacramento. The Bank of Winters Business Block, a 1904 structure located across from the hotel, is also considered a centerpiece of the district. Two buildings in the district date from the founding of Winters in the mid-1870s: the Opera House and the Chulick Market. The remaining buildings in the district were mainly built in two waves, one in the 1890s and one from 1906 to 1912. 
The district was added to the National Register of Historic Places on January 2, 1997.

</doc>
<doc id="18777220" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18777220" title="National Anthropological Archives">
National Anthropological Archives

The National Anthropological Archives is a collection of historical and contemporary documents maintained by the Smithsonian Institution, which document the history of anthropology and the world's peoples and cultures. It is located in the Smithsonian's Museum Support Center in Suitland, Maryland and is part of the Department of Anthropology at the National Museum of Natural History.
History.
The National Anthropological Archives (NAA) is the successor to the archives of the Bureau of American Ethnology (BAE), which was founded in 1879 by John Wesley Powell. In 1968, The NAA was established, incorporating the collections of the BAE, which focused on American Indians, as well as the papers of curators in the National Museum of Natural History's Department of Anthropology, who conducted research around the world.
Collections.
The NAA is the only archival repository in the United States dedicated exclusively to preserving ethnographic, archaeological, and linguistic field notes, physical anthropological data, photographs, sound recordings and other media created by American anthropologists. The collection includes documents such as field notes, journals, manuscripts, correspondence, photographs, maps, sound recordings, all compiled by prominent researchers from the Smithsonian or other research institutions. Spanning over 150 years of American history and world history, materials held in the archives include nearly 635,000 photographs, 20,000 works of indigenous art, and 11,400 sound recordings.
In 2010, the NAA received a "Save America's Treasures" grant to preserve manuscripts relating to endangered languages. These manuscripts include vocabularies, narratives, and other texts representing approximately 250 American Indian languages. Many photographs and manuscript pages from the NAA collections, including 8,200 pages of Cherokee language materials, have been scanned and are available online for research through SIRIS, the Smithsonian’s online catalog. In 2014, the NAA received a grant for preservation and digitization of sound recordings of endangered languages.

</doc>
<doc id="18777244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18777244" title="David Telfer">
David Telfer

David Telfer (born December 1, 1988 in Obuasi) is a Ghanaian footballer, who currently plays for Ashanti Gold SC.
Career.
Telfer began his career in the AshantiGold Soccer Academy and was promoted to Ashanti Gold SC of the Ghana Premier League in January 2006.
In August 2008 from Ashanti Gold SC out to Free State Stars, he joined with team-mate Jonathan Mensah.
Telfer returned to Ghana and registered for Ashanti Gold SC for the 2009-2010 season. He is an integral member of the team and produced several sterling performances. In September 2010, he signed with the Moldovan side CSCA-Rapid Chişinău and played four matches during the 2010/2011 season in the Divizia Naţională. In August 2011 returned to Ashanti Gold SC.
International career.
Telfer played for the Meteors and 2007 for the Black Stars, formerly as 2005 was called for the Black Starlets. He earned his debut on 14 August 2009 against Zambia national football team for the Ghana national football team, he came on as a 2nd half substitute in the game.

</doc>
<doc id="18777255" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18777255" title="Julie Cloutier">
Julie Cloutier

Julie Cloutier (born April 24, 1986) is a Canadian fencer. She competed in the individual and team sabre events at the 2008 Summer Olympics. She was a member of the Canadian team that finished in 7th place in the team sabre event. She was born in Montreal, Quebec.

</doc>
<doc id="18777261" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18777261" title="Chris Rodd">
Chris Rodd

Christopher Henry Trevor Rodd (born April 9, 1985 in Danville, California) is a former pro soccer player in Norway. 
Biography.
Christopher Rodd was born and raised in California. His father was born in Rugby, England, which allowed Rodd to become a British citizen in November 2005. Chris went to San Ramon Valley High School winning the North Coast Section Championship in 2002. Being named All-League for three years, he earned his ultimate individual accomplishment during his Junior campaign by being named North Coast Player of the Year. (Other winners of the award include Kamani Hill, Andrew Wiedeman, etc.). After high school, he attended the College of William and Mary on an athletic scholarship. After two years, he transferred to the University of San Francisco. While at USF, he was named to the All-Conference team in both years and earned All-Tournament in every tournament during his Junior year. Also, he earned team MVP in both his Junior and Senior seasons. At some point in all four college seasons, Rodd's college team was ranked in the top 10 in the country for a brief period.
During the off-seasons, he played in the USL Premier Development League for Raleigh CASL Elite in 2004, Williamsburg Legacy in 2005, and the San Francisco Seals in 2006 and 2007. His club team, CASL Elite 85, went on to win Regionals and make it to the National Finals in 2004.
Rodd trained at Brentford Football Club in England during the summers of 2005 and 2006. However, he returned to college (USF) at the end of both years. Rodd made several first team appearances.
In 2007, Rodd signed a three-year contract with Bryne FK from Norway's Adeccoligaen. He made his debut in 2007, playing 90 minutes in a 3-1 preseason win against Klepp, and has featured regularly for the first team during the 2008 Adeccoliagaen season. Rodd was named Player of the Match in 5 of the teams Adeccoligaen during his first pro year. He made 21 of 25 starts in 2008. He left Norway in 2010 when his contract expired.
Chris Rodd signed for the New York Cosmos in June 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="18777296" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18777296" title="Sandra Sassine">
Sandra Sassine

Sandra Sassine (born September 28, 1979) is a Canadian fencer. She was born in Chibougamau, Quebec. She competed in the individual and team sabre events at the 2008 Summer Olympics. In the women's sabre in 2008, she competed in section 3, beating Elvira Wood in the first round, but was eliminated in the second round by gold medalist Mariel Zagunis. She placed 28th overall. She was a member of the Canadian team that finished in 7th place in the team sabre event.
She competed in the women's individual sabre event at the 2012 Summer Olympics where she lost to Aleksandra Socha in the first round.

</doc>
<doc id="18777303" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18777303" title="Upplands Lokaltrafik">
Upplands Lokaltrafik

Upplands Lokaltrafik (UL) is the primary operator of public transport buses and trains at the county level () in Uppsala County, Sweden. Their name is derived from the historical province of Uppland, which included the modern county along with part of what is now Stockholm County.
The green city buses ("Stadsbussarna") in Uppsala are operated by UL in co-operation with the city government. Yellow regional buses ("Regionbussarna") cover most of the county, with a major hub at Uppsala Central Station; some run on to major destinations in neighbouring counties. UL's commuter railway route, Upptåget, connects Uppsala and neighbouring small towns with Tierp and Gävle in the north, and Sala in the West.
Buses within Uppsala are operated by the county-owned company Gamla Uppsala Buss. UL's long-distance services are operated by private contractors, including Nobina, Busslink, Kristian Larsson, and others. Operation of Upptåget trains was contracted out to the national railway SJ, who also operate services through the county on their own behalf, connecting it with destinations farther afield including Stockholm, Sundsvall, and Falun. DSB (railway company) won a contract to operate trains from June 2011 onwards.

</doc>
<doc id="18777308" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18777308" title="Holger F. Struer">
Holger F. Struer

Holger F. Struer was a Danish chemist and founder of "H. Struers Chemiske Laboratorium" (In Danish: "Struers Kemiske Laboratorium") in 1875 at Skindergade 38, the centre of Copenhagen. Struers introduced in 1943 Micropol, a new principle for electrolytic polishing which made the preparation process within metallography more controlled in order to achieve better preparation results.
The development of metallography was a continuous struggle to find better and easier methods to prepare metal surfaces for microstructure observation. Struers based his new principle for electrolytic polishing on Count Alois von Beckh Widmanstätten and his early experiments from the beginning of the 19th century that revealed the structure of iron from a meteor which had come down earlier in the century. He noticed that the structure could better be seen on plane, fine polished surfaces. By pouring nitric acid over the surface and letting it react for some time, he actually made a deep etch which developed the macrostructure. Pieces etched this way were used for printing the structure directly on paper. These "nature prints" turned "metallography" into lithography. All these experiments did not lead to any evaluation of the microstructure, but were limited to the macrostructure.
However, in 1863 Henry Clifton Sorby described in detail how he ground and polished samples in order to examine them under the microscope. He was able to magnify the structure up to 650x. From these observations he drew conclusions regarding the structure of pearlite and ferrite, and he was also able to watch the recrystallization of steel during cold working. For recording the microstructures he used three different methods available at the time: drawings, "nature printing" and microphotography. Considering that his research in the area of metallography only lasted two years, he discovered and established a wealth of information, and Sorby is considered to be the founder of metallography.
Holger F. Struer saw the need for a laboratory making chemical analysis in the strongly developing "modern society", and in 1895 Struer began importing chemicals and instruments for the Danish market. In 1919 Struer obtained the Danish representation of the Austrian company, Reichert, a specialist in metallographic microscopes. The combination of chemical knowledge and the sale of metallographic microscopes changed the focus of Struer's company to metallography and metallographic analysis. In 1943 H. Struers Chemiske Laboratorium launched Micropol, and a new principle for electrolytic polishing was established. 
The introduction of Micropol was a technological progress since in this way the materialographic preparation process became more controlled in order to achieve an optimal preparation result in the shortest possible time. Today metallography is a part of materials science in its own right and extends to all fields of application, including ceramics, composites, electronic components and other solid materials. H. Struers Chemiske Laboratorium is still active within metallography but is today just called "Struers A/S".

</doc>
<doc id="18777326" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18777326" title="Emmanuel Adjetey">
Emmanuel Adjetey

Emmanuel Adjetey (born December 15, 1988) is a Ghanaian football Midfielder, he currently plays for Charleston Battery in the USL Pro on loan from Vancouver Whitecaps FC U-23.
Career.
Adjetey began his career by Prestea Mine Stars, before in 2005 joined to Ashanti Gold SC. In January 2008 debuted for Ashanti Gold S.C. first team.
International career.
He was member of Ghana U-17 team 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="18777328" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18777328" title="Sofia J">
Sofia J

Sofia J was born in Brooklyn, New York and was raised in Queens, NY. She is a singer/songwriter. She refers to her music genre as "positive peppy pop".
Biography.
Sofia is a singer/songwriter whose songs have been featured on many TV shows, such as "Gossip Girl" and "One Tree Hill" on the CW Network, and also on "The Secret Life of the American Teenager" on ABC Family. Her song "Do You Believe in Me Now" is the theme song for MTV's "MADE".
Sofia holds a music degree from Belmont University in Nashville, TN. After college, Sofia and her band released a CD called "Foreverafter" within the Contemporary Christian Music genre. Their song "Oasis" was played on many Christian Music Stations from Seattle to Atlanta.
Sofia has won many songwriting awards and has also written several songs for top Japanese artists, with a gold record in Japan to her credit.
She regularly sings the national anthem for sporting events such as the NY Knicks games at Madison Square Garden.
As well as a career in music, Sofia has also hosted the WLNY TV show "On the NY Circuit" and has done numerous voiceovers for TV.
Personal life.
She currently resides and works in Summit, New Jersey with her Producer/Lead songwriter husband Jay Lyons.
Discography.
Albums
EPs

</doc>
<doc id="18777346" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18777346" title="Feizollah Nasseri">
Feizollah Nasseri

Feyzollah Nasseri (borne May 1, 1955 in Tehran) is a retired Iranian weightlifter. He was the youngest member of Iran's weightlifting team in 1976 Summer Olympics.
Personal life.
Nasseri has two daughter, Naseem and Negeen and a son, Seena.
Nasseri currently lives in Tehran, Iran with his wife and his younger daughter Negeen.

</doc>
<doc id="18777348" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18777348" title="Olga Ovtchinnikova">
Olga Ovtchinnikova

Olya Ovtchinnikova (born February 6, 1987) is a Canadian fencer. Ovtchinnikova started fencing for recreation in Moscow, Russia, where she participated in local competitions. In 2000, her family moved to Toronto, Canada, where she began to train more seriously. Born in Moscow, Russia, she speaks both Russian and English.
She competed in the individual and team sabre events at the 2008 Summer Olympics, but did not win a medal. She was a member of the Canadian team that finished in 7th place.

</doc>
<doc id="18777353" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18777353" title="Strategic bankruptcy">
Strategic bankruptcy

A strategic bankruptcy may occur when an otherwise solvent company makes use of the bankruptcy laws for some specific business purpose. For example, in 2002 Kmart filed Chapter 11 for protection from creditors. One of the main problems affecting Kmart's cash flow and therefore its liquidity was that Kmart was locked into long term leases at premium rates with respect to various unprofitable stores. While in chapter 11 reorganization, Kmart was able to renegotiate or rescind those particular leases.
In some countries, like Sweden, it is common at least for smaller companies with deep debts, to have a bankruptcy, and close down the company, but where the owner has prepared a new company which buys important assets including the name, and continues with much smaller debts.

</doc>
<doc id="18777366" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18777366" title="Papal conclave, 1314–16">
Papal conclave, 1314–16

The papal conclave from May 1, 1314 to August 7, 1316, held in the apostolic palace of Carpentras and then the Dominican house in Lyon, was one of the longest conclaves in the history of the Roman Catholic Church and the first conclave of the Avignon Papacy. The length of the conclave was due to the division of the cardinals into three factions: Italian (Orsini, Alberti, Stefaneschi, Caetani, Longhi, Fieschi, and both Colonna), Gascon (de Pellegrue, de Fougères, Nouvel, Teste, de Farges, de Garve, Daux, du Four, Raymond, and Godin), and French/Provençal (both Fredol, de Bec, Caignet de Fréauville, de Mandagot, and d'Euse).
The Italian faction wished to return the papacy to Rome, the Gascon faction—mostly composed of the relatives of the previous pope, Clement V, wished to retain the privileges and powers they had enjoyed during his rule, and the French/Provençal opposed these aims of the Italian and Gascon factions.
Cardinal electors.
Among the cardinal electors there were an unusually high number of cardinal-nephews for two reasons: the previous pontiff, Clement V, had just set a record for the number of cardinal-nephews elevated by a single pontiff—soon to be surpassed by Pope Clement VI—and Clement V had reigned long enough that the only surviving Italian cardinals were those who were elevated at a younger age, who tended to be relatives of their elevator.
Procedure.
Had the conclave taken place according to the rules prescribed by Clement V in "Ne Romani" (1312) and Pope Gregory X in "Ubi periculum" (1274), the cardinal electors would have had to meet in the diocese where the Curia was in residence (the place where letters and apostolic causes were heard), and the local magistrates would have had the authority to compel the departing cardinals to stay. Indeed, the election did begin in that location, the episcopal palace of Carpentras (north-east of Avignon), with 23 of the 24 eligible cardinals present (Fieschi was still in Italy).
The Italian cardinals opened by conclave by attempting to gain the support of the Provençal cardinals, proposing the candidacy of Languedocian jurist and fellow cardinal Guillaume de Mandagot (who had promised to restore the papacy to Rome and end the Gascon domination), whom the Gascons were able to defeat because of the personal opposition of Languedocian cardinal Berenguer Fredol, seniore. An impasse thereafter formed quickly and disputes between the servants of the Italian and Gascon cardinals broke out in the streets, aggravated by mercenary bands hired by the Gascon cardinal-nephews of Clement V and by the body of Clement V, still lying in the town square. Once the mercenaries openly besieged the conclave and the home in which the Italian cardinals were living, the Italian cardinals fled on July 24, 1314, and the rest of the College of Cardinals dispersed to Avignon, Orange, and Valence.
With both the Gascon and Italian cardinals threatening to hold their own elections (and thus begin another schism), Philip IV of France ("the Fair") convened a group of jurists to decide the matter, only to die on November 24, 1314. His son, Louis X of France sent a mission to disperse the Gascon cardinals and arranged for the cardinals to meet again in Lyon, through the emissary of his brother, Philip, Count of Poitiers (future Philip V of France), in March 1316. However, Louis X died, and Philip—forced to return to Paris to pursue his own interests—locked the cardinals in the Dominican convent of Lyon, leaving the Count of Forez to guard the conclave, on June 28, 1316 (previously, to get the cardinals to assemble, Philip had promised the cardinals that he would not lock them in, but he declared that the threat of schism annulled this promise).
At this point, the Gascon faction put forward the candidacy of a moderate member of their ranks, Arnaud Fournier, who was vetoed by the Count, on the instructions of Philip. The conclave proceeded to deadlock around the nominations of Pellegrue, Mondagout, and Fredol. The impetus for the break of the deadlock was a falling out between Napoleone Orsini and Pietro Colonna, after which the latter threw his support behind the Gascons. According to Prof. Toman, this conclave saw the last appearance of a compromise committee tasked with the selection of a suitable candidate. Jacques d'Euse was elected on August 7, taking the name John XXII as a compromise candidate with the votes of some of the Italian faction (who had begun to fear the influence of the Colonna) and some of the Gascons; d'Euse was also supported by the Count and by Robert of Naples; the vote was made unanimous after an "accessus", with the remaining cardinals relenting due to d'Euse's advanced age (72).
Aftermath.
With Pope John XXII reopening the disputed cases before the curia on October 1 in Avignon, the location of the papacy within France appeared to be secured permanently, as the percentage of Italians within the College was only expected to decline further. Although John XXII had been expected to die quickly, he lived until 1334, reaching the age of 90. John XXII's early disputes with the Franciscans, whom he persecuted due to their views on poverty, and Ludwig of Bavaria, whose claim to the Holy Roman Empire he disputed, merged when Louis proclaimed John XXII deposed in Rome and, with the assistance of an electorate of thirteen Roman clergy, chose a Franciscan Pietro da Corbara as Antipope Nicholas V on April 18, 1328. John XXII's standing in the Curia further diminished late in his papacy when he promoted the unpopular theological view that saints would not meet God until the Last Judgment.
While Clement V had lived as a guest in the Dominican monastery of Avignon, John XXII began the construction of the Palais des Papes on the bank of the Rhone in the Comtat Venaissin. Five more French popes were elected in succession—Benedict XII (1334–1342), Clement VI (1342–1352), Innocent VI (1352–1362), Urban V (1362–1370), and Gregory XI (1370–1378)—remaining in Avignon and growing the French super-majority within the College. When the papacy did revert to Rome after the return of Gregory XI to Italy to pursue his property claims in the Papal States during the War of the Eight Saints, the result was the Western Schism.

</doc>
<doc id="18777372" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18777372" title="The Bulletin (Brussels weekly)">
The Bulletin (Brussels weekly)

The Bulletin is an English-language website published in Brussels, Belgium. Founded in 1962, it was the oldest weekly magazine in English in Belgium and one of the oldest English-language publications in Continental Europe. When the print version folded in 2012, it claimed a readership of 45,000 people, mostly from the large expatriate community of the European Union's capital. The Bulletin continues to publish online.
Regular contributors have included the author and one-time British Labour MP Dick Leonard, who writes about Belgian politics, and John Palmer, formerly Europe Editor of "The Guardian" (London) and former Political Director of the European Policy Centre.
History.
""From now on, non-Belgian, English-speaking residents have a voice of their own. That voice: The Bulletin. YOUR weekly." - Monique Ackroyd, 1962"
On September 21, 1962, Monique Ackroyd successfully completed the first issue of "The Bulletin". Created in the basement of her Uccle home, it was 8 pages and cost 5 Belgian francs. The publication was greeted enthusiastically by the English-speaking community: by the second issue, it had grown to 12 pages. Although things were going well with The Bulletin, it wasn't until 1967 with the move of NATO headquarters from Paris to Brussels that readership really took off. With a new office in Uccle, the magazine's circulation grew and the number of pages doubled to 48. By 1969, circulation had grown to 3,000, enabling yet another relocation of The Bulletin office to the Sablon/Zavel area, above the "Vieux St. Martin" restaurant.
In 1971, one of The Bulletin's freelance writers, "Sunday Times" journalist John Lambert, encouraged by the then editor, Aislinn Dulanty, decided to launch a campaign to ban traffic in the Grand-Place. A petition resulted in a partial success in March 1971, when drivers were banned from parking, but through traffic was still allowed. The Bulletin kept fighting. The staff organized a protest picnic held on June 25. "Bring your children, your grandmother, your umbrella (just in case)," urged the posters. The response was sensational, and hugely successful.
Due to such positive campaigns as well as the expansion of the EEC and expatriate community in Brussels, Ackroyd Publications launched "What's On", an entertainment guide, in 1975. Three years later, the growing company moved into new offices, located on Avenue Louise.
The Bulletin was on a roll in the 1980s. It was a recognized publication, producing serious journalism that reflected the changing urban scene. It had Cleveland Moffett's reflective Rambler columns covering many aspects of urban life, Dick Leonard explaining the nuances of Belgian politics and Geoff Meade's wry stories on living in Belgium with his Meadelets and catlets. By 1986, its cash flow was healthy enough to pay for a smart corner mansion on Avenue Molière.
In the 1990s there was a change of editor, from Aislinn Dulanty to her daughter, Brigid Grauman. The Bulletin continued its successful ascent by recruiting new journalists, and launching several titles, including a design magazine called "Look" and an inflight magazine for the Belgian national airline Sabena.
Between 1992 and 1994, The Bulletin reported on a campaign led by expats of differing nationalities against BBC's Radio 4. It was thought that the service was to be stopped, causing outrage amongst its listeners. Even though the true situation came to light as being just a switch from long waves to FM, a protest organization was still founded. "North Europe Save Radio 4" sent petitions and faxes until BBC agreed to keep the program on long wave.
In 2007, Ackroyd Publications was acquired by Corelio, the Flemish media group that owns four Belgian daily newspapers. Derek Blyth then became editor-in-chief.
In 2012, the Bulletin announced it was printing its final edition in July. This was stated in a letter to subscribers that offered a refund for those who had signed up to a longer term subscription. The announcement stated that due to changes in the market, including the role played by the internet, the Bulletin would no longer be a printed magazine but would continue as an online publication. This online publication was previously an offshoot of the Bulletin called xpats.com, part owned by ING.
Associated publications.
Newcomer is a bi-annual magazine for expats who are new to Belgium, providing information to help them settle in and feel at home.
Flanders Today is a weekly, English-language newspaper based in Groot-Bijgaarden, just outside of Brussels, Belgium. Launched by Ackroyd Publications in October 2007, it covers news, business, arts and culture in Brussels and Flanders, the northern region of Belgium.
WAB is a quarterly newsmagazine focusing on issues and events in Wallonia and Brussels.

</doc>
<doc id="18777373" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18777373" title="Mark Komade">
Mark Komade

Mark Komade (born July 15, 1983 is a Ghanaian football Striker. He currently plays for Ashanti Gold SC.
Career.
He cames on June 23, 2006 from Rot-Weiss Essen to Ashanti Gold SC. He played four years in Germany of Senior Level "Regionalliga" with Rot-Weiss Essen.

</doc>
<doc id="18777383" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18777383" title="Glyptops">
Glyptops

Glyptops (Greek for "grooved face") is an extinct genus of cryptodire turtle dating from the Late Jurassic and Early Cretaceous periods 155 to 99 m.y.a. Fossils have been found in South Dakota, Wyoming, Colorado, Utah, New Mexico, Oklahoma, and Texas from both the Morrison and Cedar Mountain formations. The type species is "G. plicatulus", which was previously named "Compsemys plicatulus" by Edward Drinker Cope.

</doc>
<doc id="18777409" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18777409" title="First National Bank of Brewster">
First National Bank of Brewster

The First National Bank of Brewster building, later Southeast Town Hall, is located on Main Street (US 6) next to the train station in Brewster, New York, United States. It is a brick Queen Anne-style building constructed in 1886 currently used as offices for the Town of Southeast, of which Brewster is part.
The bank itself closed in 1964. The building was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1988 in recognition of its intact style and its place in the village's history.
Building.
The rectangular one-story brick building rises from a granite foundation to a hipped roof covered with slate tiles and a decorative ridge cap. The main block's fenestration consists of double-mullioned semicircular windows.
A small wing on the north facade has hexagonal slate shingles and a Palladian window on its gable face; a chimney rises from its roof. It is complemented by a similarly-faced cross-gable on the south side with louvered oculus. The slope of the irregular triangle the building sits on allows for a basement entrance on this side. A small addition on the west side is sympathetic to the original building.
The walls are done in unpainted panelling and the ceilings in unpainted tongue-in-groove. What was the main banking area has a cathedral ceiling and six-branch brass chandelier.
History.
The First National Bank was incorporated in 1875 following rapid post-Civil War growth of the village of Brewster and its neighboring areas. It grew successful enough that by 1886 it could afford the current building, whose Queen Anne stylings also incorporate the rounded windows of the also-popular Richardsonian Romanesque style. The bank was purposely located next to the rail depot, the source of much of the prosperity it had helped to finance.
The building was never substantially altered for much of the bank's occupancy, save the addition on the west in 1950. When it closed in 1964, the Town of Southeast, in which Brewster is located, was quick to move in from the old Town Hall down the street. The supervisor and town clerk worked there until the construction of the current Town Hall on NY 22, north of the village. The building, parking, planning and code-enforcement departments are still housed in the old bank.

</doc>
<doc id="18777417" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18777417" title="Peggy Sue (band)">
Peggy Sue (band)

Peggy Sue is an English indie pop/indie folk band from Brighton. The band has toured with a number of well-known indie artists including Mumford & Sons, The Maccabees, First Aid Kit and Jack White.
History.
Peggy Sue was formerly known as Peggy Sue and the Pirates and Peggy Sue and the Pictures. In June 2008, the band announced that they were shortening their name from Peggy Sue and the Pirates to just Peggy Sue. The band have also released music under the name of Peggy Sue and the Pictures, a collaboration with Left with Pictures, and Peggy Sue and Les Triplettes.
On April 10, 2009, it was announced that Peggy Sue had signed to US-based Yep Roc Records, and the label was releasing "Body Parts" EP for free.
On December 9, 2009, Peggy Sue signed with Wichita Recordings, and the label released the band's debut album "Fossils and Other Phantoms" in April 2010.
On September 12, 2011, the second album "Acrobats" came out on Wichita Recordings, to a generally positive critical response.
In 2011, the band was invited to perform a live soundtrack to a film at a temporary cinema in Hackney, East London. They chose Scorpio Rising, mostly because of its groundbreaking rock n’ roll/doo wop soundtrack. The band's subsequent album "Peggy Sue Play the Songs of Scorpio Rising" was released September 18, 2012 via Yep Roc Records and features 12 new arrangements of songs from the 1963 Kenneth Anger cult classic.
Yep Roc Records announced a new full length album "Choir of Echoes" to be released in the US January 29, 2014. "Choir of Echoes" was produced at the legendary Rockfield Studio in South Wales by Jimmy Robertson and mixed by longtime collaborator John Askew. Of the record, the band says “Choir of Echoes is an album about singing. About losing your voice and finding it again. Voices keeping each other company and voices competing for space. The call and response of the kindest and the cruelest words. Choruses. Duets. Whispers and shouts.”.
Discography.
Extended plays.
"The Body Parts EP" was released on Monday August 4, 2008 on a limited run of 500. It was released via the label Broken Sounds, who gave away a reel to reel recorder as part of the release. The Body Parts EP was recorded with Left With Pictures, hence the name change to "Peggy Sue & The Pictures", and was available as a 2 x 7" Gatefold EP. It was also digitally distributed through iTunes.
"The First Aid EP" is the second in a collection released via Broken Sounds Music. As before, it was released as a limited run of 500 as a 2 x 7" Gatefold EP, and digitally on iTunes. Unlike The Body Parts EP, it was not recorded with Left With Pictures, but with an unknown band. The name on the front of the EP is Peggy Sue & Les Triplettes.
Monthly CDs.
The band also released 100 copies of a CD of around four songs every month in 2008. The monthly CDs were available from their Myspace page.

</doc>
<doc id="18777426" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18777426" title="Deanna Raybourn">
Deanna Raybourn

Deanna Raybourn (born June 17, 1968) is an American author of mystery novels set in Victorian era England.
Raybourn was born in Fort Worth, Texas, but now lives in Williamsburg, Virginia. She graduated from the University of Texas at San Antonio where she majored in English and History.
Her first published novel, "Silent in the Grave", was nominated for the Agatha Award for best new mystery of 2007. The follow-up mysteries, "Silent in the Sanctuary" and "Silent on the Moor", were published in 2008 and 2009 respectively. All three books are published by Mira Books.

</doc>
<doc id="18777435" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18777435" title="Julian A. Chavez">
Julian A. Chavez

Julian Antonio Chavez (January 7, 1808 – July 25, 1879) was a rancher, landowner and elected official in early Los Angeles, California, who served multiple terms on the Los Angeles Common Council (the forerunner to the present-day City Council) and the Los Angeles County Board of Supervisors. His land holdings included the area later known as Chavez Ravine.
Life.
Origins and arrival in Los Angeles.
Julian Antonio Chavez was born in Abiquiu, New Mexico on January 7, 1808, son of Francisco Chavez and Francesca Rosa Verlarde. He is thought to have arrived in Los Angeles in the early 1830s, possibly with one of many trapping parties from New Mexico. The city census of 1836 listed Julian Chavez, aged 27, with a stated occupation of "laborer."
Land acquisition.
Around that same time he began to acquire real estate, which could be done by simply petitioning the "ayuntamiento" (a local body similar to a city council) for permission to take possession of unoccupied tracts. In 1844 he was granted a plot of about 1½ miles north of downtown Los Angeles, which would become known as Chavez Canyon. During local smallpox outbreaks in 1850 and 1880, the canyon housed an isolation hospital to care for the afflicted. Later renamed Chavez Ravine, it is today the location of Dodger Stadium.
Political career.
Chavez's first political office was that of assistant mayor "(suplente alcalde)" of Los Angeles in 1838. He served also as a "judge of waters" and later a "judge of the plains," as part of the Court of Sessions, which handled legal matters — mostly on water and cattle disputes. During his final term in 1873 as a member of the Los Angeles Common Council he worked closely on issues with Prudent Beaudry, Henry Dockweiler and William H. Workman.
Chavez was elected to the first Los Angeles County Board of Supervisors in June 1852. Other members were Jefferson Hunt, Francisco P. Temple, Manuel Requena and Samuel Arbuckle. He served on the seventh board in 1858 and the tenth board in 1861.
Family and death.
Chavez was a widower until he married again, to Maria Luisa Machado on November 4, 1865. She was 22 years his junior, and as a daughter of Ygnacio Machado she came from a long-established family of Los Angeles rancheros.
Chavez died of a heart attack on July 25, 1879.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18777463" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18777463" title="Marilou Dozois-Prévost">
Marilou Dozois-Prévost

Marilou Dozois-Prévost (born May 11, 1986 in Montreal, Quebec) is a Canadian weightlifter. Dozois-Prévost won a silver medal in the women's 48 kg division at the 2006 Commonwealth Games in Melbourne, Australia. She finished in 10th place on the 48 kg event at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing. She won the gold medal at the Commonwealth game in New-Delhi in 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="18777501" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18777501" title="Kennedale High School">
Kennedale High School

Kennedale High School is a public high school in Kennedale, Texas. The only high school in the Kennedale Independent School District, it serves students in Kennedale and a small part of Arlington. Its was rated in 2011 "Recognized" by the Texas Education Agency.
Campus.
The 1974 building at 930 Bowman Springs Road in Kennedale became the junior high school campus when the new high school building at 901 Wildcat Way, a renamed segment of Treepoint Drive, opened for the 1998-99 school year.
Extracurricular activities.
Activities and student groups at Kennedale High School include art club, anime club, Business Professionals of America, choir, Computer Science Society, Friends of Rachel, Key Club, Kindness in Students Spreads, National Honor Society, Outdoor Education Society, Spanish club, student council, Thespians, UIL Academics, UIL Speech & Debate, and yearbook.
Athletics.
Kennedale High School competes in the AAA, or 3A, classification of the University Interscholastic League. The Wildcats, known as the Lady Kats in women's leagues, compete in baseball, basketball, cheerleading, cross country, drill team, football, golf, powerlifting, soccer, softball, tennis, track and field, swimming, and volleyball.
Band.
In October of 2013 the Kennedale Wildcat Band placed 1st out of 31 Bands in the "Sounds of Fall" Marching competition in Princeton Texas.
The Wildcat Band returned for a 4th time to State Competition in 2012 and placed 12th overall in San Antonio with their performance of "Medusa".
In 2006-7, the 120 member Band was ranked #19 in the state among 3A marching bands and #3 in the state in concert performance for "Joy Revisited" in 2008. Directed by Erol Oktay, DiMitri Higginbotham, Eleanor Babcock, and Benjamin Brown, this band has experienced success in recent years, in going to state marching competition in San Antonio in the 2006-07 school year they competed in the state marching competition once again in 2008 and ranked 17th. In 2010, they returned to the state marching competition a third time and ranked 12th, with their marching show, "Amazon". In the 2011 marching season, the Kennedale band got straight Division I ratings at UIL for their performance of "Symphonic Sketches."

</doc>
<doc id="18777504" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18777504" title="Symphony No. 24 (Haydn)">
Symphony No. 24 (Haydn)

Joseph Haydn wrote Symphony No. 24 in D major, Hoboken I/24, in 1764.
The work is scored for flute, two oboes, bassoon, two horns, and strings with continuo.
The work is in four movements:
The second movement very likely derives from the Adagio movement of a now lost Flute Concerto in D major, listed in Haydn's Entwurfkatalog. While there is no extant manuscript evidence for this, the movement is consistent with Haydn's lyrical and less formalist approach to slow movement writing in the concerto genre, including, most obviously, the elision of the opening ritornello and the inclusion of an obvious cadential point at the end of the movement. (This is also true of the slow movement of Haydn's Symphony No 13.) 
In the final movement, Haydn again incorporates the same figure as seen in his Symphony No. 13 and Mozart's "Jupiter" Symphony No. 41.

</doc>
<doc id="18777523" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18777523" title="Sai On">
Sai On

'(1682–1761), also known as ' was a scholar-bureaucrat official of the Ryūkyū Kingdom, serving as regent, instructor, and advisor to King Shō Kei. He is renowned for the many reforms he initiated and oversaw, and is among the most famous figures in Okinawan history.
Life and career.
Sai On was born in Kumemura, the village within the major port city of Naha which served as the chief center of classical Chinese learning in Okinawa, and the source of the vast majority of the scholar-bureaucrats who were raised to serve in the administration of the kingdom. His father had likewise been a scholar-bureaucrat of Kumemura, educated in the Confucian classics, and had served on several tribute missions to China. At the age of 27, Sai On traveled to Guangzhou in China, where he studied economics, geography, and political administration alongside the more traditional Chinese classics.
Upon returning from China, Sai On was made instructor to the Crown Prince; upon the prince's accession to the throne as King Shō Kei in 1713, Sai On was elevated in position and power, and led the investiture mission to China in 1716. In 1728, he became a member of the "Sanshikan", the Council of Three chief royal advisors. Though Sai On was not of royal blood and so could not be named "Sessei" (a post which historian George Kerr translates as "prime minister"), reorganizations were undertaken within the government allowing Sai On extensive authority and powers. Under his guidance, a number of land reforms were put into place, including the reclamation of land for agriculture, relocation and establishment of settlements, irrigation, flood control, and the planting of trees. In a series of reforms very similar to those implemented in Japan around the same time, strict limitations were placed on farmers moving to the cities, and on the amount of craft work, such as woodworking and metalworking, which farmers were permitted to do. Thus, agricultural production was intensified and made more efficient while artisans were focused in the twin cities of Naha and Shuri. Within a few years of the beginning of the implementation of Sai On's economic reforms and construction, reclamation and conservation projects, the kingdom was producing more than ever before.
In addition, the "anji", hereditary lords of territories throughout the kingdom, were given stipends from the government in the form of rice, beginning in 1723. This tied them closer to the central government and also safeguarded to some extent their economic well-being, as they would no longer need to rely solely on inheritance for their relative wealth. Aristocrats were also encouraged to become artisans, with no loss of court rank or status, and in 1734, taxes upon artisans in the cities were eliminated, further encouraging an expansion of craft production. In addition, various forms of official government recognition for exemplary artisans, artists, and performers were introduced.
Okinawa's demand for wood outstripped the ability of the forests to renew themselves on their own, naturally, and the combination of deforestation and rainy weather including regular typhoon seasons led to extensive erosion and landslides. Sai On is particularly known for the forestry and soil conservation efforts undertaken under his guidance to combat these problems. Particular trees and sections of forest throughout the islands are still today called　"Sai On pines" (蔡温松, "Sai On matsu"; 蔡温並木, "Sai On namiki"), and his essays on the subject of forestry and conservation remained so valued that the post-war United States Civil Administration of the Ryukyu Islands translated, published, and distributed them abroad in 1952. In addition to these essays, Sai On produced a number of other documents, including a handbook for administrative officials in the provinces entitled "Yomui-kan", and "Ryokōnin Kokoroe" (旅行人心得), or "Travelers' Advice", a guide for Okinawans abroad in China to help them in obscuring from the Chinese the relationship between Okinawa and Japan's Satsuma Domain.
A rival government faction rose up against Sai On in 1734, accusing him of being too pro-Chinese, led by a pair of scholar-bureaucrats, Heshikiya Chōbin and Tomoyose Anjō. Before any plots against Sai On could be executed, however, Chōbin and fourteen others were arrested and put to death.
Sai On retired from his ministerial post in 1752, the year after Shō Kei's death, but remained influential until his own death at the age of 79 in 1761.

</doc>
<doc id="18777526" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18777526" title="Queenie Rynjah">
Queenie Rynjah

Queenie Rynjah is a noted social worker and educationist from Indian state of Meghalaya. She was awarded Padma Shri award by Government of India in 2004 for her contribution.

</doc>
<doc id="18777537" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18777537" title="The Lottery and Other Stories">
The Lottery and Other Stories

The Lottery and Other Stories is a 1949 short story collection by American author Shirley Jackson. Published by Farrar, Straus, it includes "The Lottery" and 24 other stories. This was the only collection of her stories to appear during her lifetime. Her later posthumous collections were "Come Along with Me" (Viking, 1968), edited by Stanley Edgar Hyman, and "Just an Ordinary Day" (Bantam, 1995), edited by her children Laurence Jackson Hyman and Sarah Hyman Stewart.
Jackson's original title for this collection was "The Lottery or, The Adventures of James Harris". Characters named James Harris appear in the stories "The Daemon Lover," "Like Mother Used to Make," "Elizabeth" and "Of Course." Other characters with the surname Harris appear or are referenced in "The Villager," "The Renegade," "Flower Garden," "A Fine Old Firm" and "Seven Types of Ambiguity." The collection also contains a short excerpt from the traditional ballad "The Daemon Lover," in which the title character's name is James Harris.
Contents.
I
II
III
IV
V
Reception.
Anthony Boucher and J. Francis McComas praised the volume as "a brilliant collection of naturalistic glimpses of a world with terrifying holes in it."

</doc>
<doc id="18777543" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18777543" title="Rivers Rutherford">
Rivers Rutherford

Melvern Rivers Rutherford II is an American country music songwriter. Has been writing country songs since the mid-1990s as a songwriter, he has written several number one country hits, including "Ain't Nothing 'bout You" by Brooks & Dunn, which was the Number One country song of 2001 according to "Billboard". Among the other Number Ones that he has composed are "If You Ever Stop Loving Me" by Montgomery Gentry, "When I Get Where I'm Going" by Brad Paisley and Dolly Parton, "Real Good Man" by Tim McGraw, "Living in Fast Forward" by Kenny Chesney, "Ladies Love Country Boys" by Trace Adkins, and "These Are My People" by Rodney Atkins. He has also released a solo CD called "Just Another Coaster".
Singles.
Top 40 country singles co-written by Rivers Rutherford:

</doc>
<doc id="18777582" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18777582" title="Tawfik Alolo">
Tawfik Alolo

Tawfik Alolo Alhassan (born December 12, 1986 in Tamale, Ghana) is a football player who is currently under contract by the club Real Tamale United.
Career.
15. December 2005 has been invited by Olympique Marseille for trials. 2007 Enjoyed an unsuccessful spell on trial at Danish side AC Horsens last year, and was snapped up by Kotoko shortly after his return. In January 2008 moved from Asante Kotoko to Real Tamale United and in August 2008 to Kessben F.C. on loan, in January 2009 joined back to Real Tamale United.

</doc>
<doc id="18777587" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18777587" title="Commonwealth (novel)">
Commonwealth (novel)

Commonwealth is the third full novel written by the American author Joey Goebel.
Plot summary.
Somewhere in the middle of America dwells Blue Gene Mapother, a trashy, mullet-headed Wal-Mart stockboy-turned-flea marketer who staunchly supports any American war effort without question. Besides patriotism, little enlivens him besides pro wrestling, cigarette breaks, and any instance in which he thinks his masculinity is at stake. Curiously, he is also a member of one of the wealthiest families in the country.
His mother, the fanatical Christian socialite Elizabeth Mapother, has a prophetic dream in which she sees Blue Gene’s older brother, the handsome but nervous John Hurstbourne Mapother, becoming an apocalyptic world savior. In order to fulfill his mother’s prophecy—not to mention his father Henry’s lifelong desire for his bloodline to ascend to Washington—John is running for Congress.
John soon finds that as a corporate executive he is not popular with his largely working-class constituents, many of whom work for him and his father. Now, after years of estrangement, the Mapothers need Blue Gene’s common man touch in order to cast their family name in a more favorable light with the voters. The Mapothers no longer shun Blue Gene for his embarrassing, low-class ways; they embrace him as political gold.
Will Blue Gene allow himself to be used? His family has ignored him the last four years and has only invited him back into the fold as campaign time looms near. But then again, even though the superrich John Hurstbourne Mapother clearly represents the interests of big business, man, he sure does have all the right values.
Through dark humor and cinematic story-telling, this small-town epic goes from a flea market to mansions to abandoned Wal-Mart buildings, dramatizing the deranged, absurd relationship between the high and low class of America.

</doc>
<doc id="18777620" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18777620" title="Réseau Luxembourgeois des Amateurs d'Ondes Courtes">
Réseau Luxembourgeois des Amateurs d'Ondes Courtes

The Réseau Luxembourgeois des Amateurs d'Ondes Courtes (RL) (in English, Luxembourg Amateur Radio Society) is a national non-profit organization for amateur radio enthusiasts in Luxembourg.
RL supports amateur radio operators in Luxembourg by operating a QSL bureau for those members who regularly communicate with amateur radio operators in other countries, sponsoring amateur radio operating awards and radio contests, and supporting radio propagation beacons in Luxembourg. RL represents the interests of amateur radio operators in Luxembourg before local and international telecommunications regulatory authorities. RL is the national member society representing Luxembourg in the International Amateur Radio Union.
Representatives from Luxembourg were involved in a 1924 resulting in the call for the International Amateur Congress that founded the IARU in 1925.

</doc>
<doc id="18777662" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18777662" title="Arturo Miranda">
Arturo Miranda

Arturo Miranda (born January 19, 1971) is a Canadian diver and former vice-champion of the world in the synchronized springboard.
Miranda finished in 5th in the synchronized 3m springboard event at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing with former world champion Alexandre Despatie. He was born in Havana, Cuba.

</doc>
<doc id="18777676" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18777676" title="Heisnam Kanhailal">
Heisnam Kanhailal

Heisnam Kanhailal (b 17 January 1941) is a noted art theatre personality from Indian state of Manipur . He was awarded Padma Shri award by Government of India in 2004 for his work. He is the founder-Director of Kalakshetra Manipur, established in 1969, a theatre laboratory that explores a new vocabulary in the existing language of theatre.
Born in Keisamthong Thangjam Lairak, Imphal.
He was awarded the Sangeet Natak Akademi Award in Direction in 1985, given by the Sangeet Natak Akademi, India's National Academy of Music, Dance & Drama.
In Dec, 2011, He was awarded the Sangeet Natak Akademy Ratna Award (the Highest ranked and most valued akademy award)-2011.
References.
Established on July 19, 1969 with Heisnam Kanhailal as founder-director, Kalakshetra Manipur got registered under Societies’ Registration Act of 1860 with its No. 1149 of 1972.
As KKM believes in the notion of a workshop that is a laboratory or research theatre rather than a production company, it began its experiment in a continuous process of ‘renewal of ancestral tradition’ for a contemporary cultural expression as the progeny of an ethno-social tradition of Manipur. The artists of the group endeavoured to learn afresh the native lore travelling throughout the nook and corner of Manipur and strengthened the creative will.
It created the performances for the ‘work-in-progress’ shows rather than ‘Public Theatre’ – a finished production for public exhibition. 
Besides, the group launched cultural expedition in organizing theatre events with the non-actors in three different socio-cultural contexts. They were : (i) performance of NUPI LAN (Women’s War of Manipur, 1939) in which market women around one hundred from women’s market of Imphal town took the active participation in December, 1989 as players, (ii) At Umathel, a sleepy village in the remote corner of southern Manipur Sanjennaha (cowherd) was performed by the villagers themselves in December, 1979, and (iii) introduced theatre in the tribal area of Paite community of Churchandpur district with the production of Thanghou Leh Liandou performed by tribal youths in March, 1980.
Along with the training and research programmes the group created remarkable performances that stood out as milestone of an originally alternate theatre.
In the last forty years, the group produced twenty plays of which the most outstanding directed by Kanhailal are Tamnalai (The haunting spirit) in 1972, Kabuui-Keioiba (half man half tiger) in 1973, Pebeti in 1975, Laigi Machasinga (With the children of God) in 1978, Memoirs of Africa in 1986, Migi Sharang (The human cage) in 1991, Karna in 1997, Draupadi in 2000, Dakghar of Tagore in 2006 and Uchek Langmeidong (Langmeidong, the bird) in 2008. 
Of the plays directed by Heisnam Tomba, three productions deserve to be mentioned as Kangkhathang (Unused sword) in 2005, Sati of H. S. Shivaprakash in 2005 and Samnadraba Mami (Disjointed Image) in 2009.
The group toured throughout the country and abroad namely Japan, Singapore, Malaysia, Indonesia, Bangladesh and Egypt for staging its shows.
Besides, the group has been researching in evolution of actor training process for live theatre under Kanhailal and Sabitri.
Since 2005 the group began its work in a transteritorial experience, moving out of its ethnic culture, in the rural and natural environment in of Assam and Tripura.
The group has been working professionally since last ten years with the support of salary grant from the Ministry of Culture, Govt. of India, and collaborative programmes of NSD, New Delhi.

</doc>
<doc id="18777684" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18777684" title="Gunnedah Airport">
Gunnedah Airport

Gunnedah Airport is a small airport located north of Gunnedah, New South Wales, Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="18777687" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18777687" title="Casey Mitchell (Home and Away)">
Casey Mitchell (Home and Away)

Casey Mitchell is a fictional character from the Australian Channel Seven soap opera "Home and Away", played by Rebecca Croft. Casey made her first on-screen appearance on 10 July 1996 and departed on 14 November 1997.
Casey's storylines focus on the breakdown of her parents' marriage, her mother Margaret's (Robyn Gibbes) religious extremism and subsequent mental breakdown and her love of music. She makes friends with Liam Tanner (Peter Scarf), Joey Rainbow (Alex O'Han) and Stephanie Mboto (Fleur Beaupert). Casey's takes a romantic interest in Liam but he is in a relationship with Stephanie. She has a short relationship with Curtis Reed (Shane Ammann).
Her final stories see her reluctantly reconcile with her father, Stuart (Mark Lee) and fall out of favour with Donald Fisher (Norman Coburn) and her peers.
Development.
Casey is the daughter of Stuart (Mark Lee) and Margaret Mitchell (Robyn Gibbes). Stuart leaves the family and moves to the United States. This ruined their relationship because Casey believes that he has abandoned her. Margaret becomes convinced that Casey is possessed by the devil. Casey has an aggressive attitude that causes her burn bridges with her friends. But Donald Fisher (Norman Coburn) helps her and she settles at Summer Bay High. As a reporter from "Inside Soap" explained, Stuart is a conductor and he "immersed her in music" from a young age. Casey began playing the piano and became an accomplished pianist taking part in competitions. One such competition was used in a storyline in which Casey's talent begins to take over her life. Determined to win over her rival Judith Montgomery (Kimbali Harding), she becomes obsessed with practicing and experience nightmares, sleepless and stress. Donald warns Casey that hers practicing is ruining her academic studies. But Casey believes that losing the competition will ruin her dreams of becoming a professional pianist. They added that the story becomes more complicated when Stuart returns to support Casey, who does not want him around.
Aside from a relationship with Curtis Reed (Shane Ammann), which is ruined by the arrival of Jenna Evans (Claudia Buttazonni) – Casey's other romance stories have featured Liam Tanner (Peter Scarf) and Joey Rainbow (Alex O'Han). Casey, Liam and Joey are joined by Stephanie Mboto (Fleur Beaupert) forming a friendship group. She becomes romantically involved with Liam, when they save a wild dog she celebrates by kissing Liam. But when her attentions turn to Joey, his former love interest Tiegan Brook (Sally Marrett) returns to Summer Bay. The two females both decide they want to be with Joey. Casey becomes jealous of Tiegan spending time with Joey. Stephen Murphy from "Inside Soap" noted that they literally "sharpen their claws" and battle for Joey.
In July 1997, Jason Herbison from "Inside Soap" reported that Casey had been axed from the show. Croft's contract was due to expire in October 1997, but producers informed her that it would not be renewed. A spokesperson for the show stated "everyone will be really sorry to see Rebecca go, but it's just one of those things. The show's producers want to make way for some new people."
Storylines.
Casey is first seen alongside classmates Joey and Liam. Joey is attracted to Casey but she prefers Liam. Casey is quick to let Liam know she likes him but his girlfriend Stephanie returns to Summer Bay. However, the four of them soon become good friends. Casey's home life is turbulent as her father Stuart has walked out on her and her mother Margaret and she becomes increasingly unstable. Margaret is convinced Casey is dead and a demon has assumed her form. Stephanie persuades Travis Nash (Nic Testoni) and Kelly Watson (Katrina Hobbs) to let Casey move in with them. Casey tries to help her mother but Margaret and her friend George Neville (Craig Ashley) try to exorcise Casey by trying to get her to drink a strange liquid. Joey rescues her and she is grateful and kisses him. Stuart returns and Casey tries one final attempt to reconcile the family but Margaret suffers a complete breakdown in the diner and is committed as a result.
Casey forms a bond with her music teacher Rebecca Fisher (Belinda Emmett), despite the fact Rebecca previously had an affair with Stuart and partly contributed to Margaret's breakdown, and discovers realises Rebecca has feelings for Travis. Rebecca and Marilyn Fisher (Emily Symons) convince Donald to let Casey move in with them on a permanent basis. Donald's decision is influenced by Casey's skill on the piano but regrets his decision when she intentionally plays badly when she enter in the school concert. After seemingly placing a curse on Donald with Joey's help, He collapses much to their shock. Casey later collapses too and it is soon revealed that Donald's ex-wife Barbara Stewart (Rona McLeod) is responsible for a murder attempt.
Casey dates Curtis and the pair frequently get into trouble. One occasion, Casey and Curtis are believed dead in an accident but they turn up at the diner alive and well and another couple who stole Curtis' motorcycle were killed. Jenna arrives in town and bears a strong resemblance to Curtis' late girlfriend Laura Bonnetti (also played by Buttazonni) who died two years earlier. Curtis dumps Casey and gets together with Jenna. On the rebound, Casey kisses Liam, who has recently split from Stephanie but it goes no further and Liam reconciles with Stephanie. Stephanie later dies after falling down a cliff while on a bushwalk and Liam and Casey grow closer. However, Liam leaves Summer bay with his mother Frances (Anne Grigg) to live in Peru leaving Casey devastated.
Tiegan arrives and makes her interest in Joey clear, Casey is jealous, despite rejecting him in the past. The girls fight and receive detention as a result. Casey then decides to step aside and let Joey and Tiegan be a couple. Aaron Welles (Ritchie Gudgeon) arrives and Casey begins dating him. Donald tries to evict Casey but Aaron's sister, Justine (Bree Desborough) tells her that he needs to give her two months' notice. She takes revenge on Donald by convincing him he is going senile by sabotaging the kitchen light but it backfires when Rebecca tries changing the bulb and falls hitting her head, leaving her temporarily deaf. Casey is horrified when Aaron buys a knife for protection, following a mugging. However, he gets rid of it.
Stuart returns and asks Casey to join him in New York and she accepts his offer. On her last day at school, she takes the blame for the class superglueing student teacher Brett Egan (Emmanuel Marshall) to his chair but Donald refuses to and gives the class a week's detention every time she tries to accept sole responsibility. He tells her she is getting her classmates a punishment and that no-one wants her there and orders her to leave the school immediately. Casey then leaves for America.
Reception.
Dave Lanning writing for "The People" said that Casey's exit was an "historic moment" because she lived in Summer Bay without having "a single bonk". He quipped that the character had set "a virgin record". A critic from "Inside Soap" magazine observed that "for all her ups and downs, there has always been one constant in her life - a true love for music."

</doc>
<doc id="18777692" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18777692" title="Ryan Bowen (baseball)">
Ryan Bowen (baseball)

Ryan Eugene Bowen (born February 10, 1968) is a former professional baseball pitcher. Bowen pitched all or part of five seasons in Major League Baseball from 1991 until 1995 for the Houston Astros and Florida Marlins.
Bowen was originally drafted by the Astros in the first round of the 1986 Major League Baseball Draft. He spent the next four seasons working his way up through their farm system before making his major league debut in 1991. After pitching parts of two seasons for the Astros, he was chosen in the 3rd round of the 1992 MLB Expansion Draft by the Florida Marlins, with whom he spent the next three seasons.
After two additional seasons in the minor leagues, Bowen sat out the 1998 season before attempting a comeback in 1999 with the Sacramento Steelheads of the Western Baseball League. He retired after the season.

</doc>
<doc id="18777695" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18777695" title="Possente spirto">
Possente spirto

"Possente spirto, e formidabil nume" ("Mighty spirit and formidable god") is a key recitative from Act 3 of Claudio Monteverdi's opera L'Orfeo, where Orpheus attempts to persuade Charon to allow him to pass into Hades and find Euridice. 
At the start of the Act, Hope (Speranza, sop.) has guided Orpheus to the banks of the Styx, where, at the sign 'Abandon all hope, ye who enter', she can go no further. 
Orpheus' way is barred by Charon, who explains that no living body shall enter his boat.
Orpheus (tenor) sings that he is no longer living, for, with his wife dead, he himself no longer has a heart ("senza cor"). Charon (bass-baritone) is initially unmoved, but when Orpheus continues singing, and then plays his lyre, Charon is lulled to sleep. 
Orpheus crosses over the Styx in Charon's boat, singing "Rendetemi il mio ben, tartarei Numi!" (Give me back my love, O gods of Tartarus!). The Chorus of Spirits then sing "Nulla impresa per uom si tenta invano," (No enterprise of man is undertaken in vain...) to close the third act.
This recitative is one of the most important musical documents of early Italian Baroque performance practice. In the original published edition (1607), Monteverdi uniquely includes two separate versions for Orfeo to sing, one simple and one elaborately ornamented. This style of embellishing the otherwise simply notated musical line was presumably expected for much of the music of this time period.

</doc>
<doc id="18777717" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18777717" title="Breuner Marsh">
Breuner Marsh

Breuner Marsh is a 238 acre (96 ha) regional park on San Pablo Bay in the East San Francisco Bay Area city of Richmond, California, In 2009 the East Bay Regional Parks District acquired the Breuner Marsh site, adding it to Point Pinole Regional Shoreline. A habitat restoration plan for 60 acres of wetlands and 90 acres of California coastal prairie was subsequently approved.
Geography.
The boundaries surrounding Breuner Marsh are approximately:
History.
The Breuner Marsh land was owned by Fred Parr in the mid 20th-century. It was/is located between the bay and Parchester Village, a post-WW II master planned community that was the first in the state to sell to African Americans. It was built by Parr with the promise of maintaining the marsh free from development. However, Parr subsequently sold it off, leaving the community's open space in uncertainty.
Gerald Breuner.
The new owner was Gerald Breuner, the owner of the former Breuners Home Furnishings chain. During the 1970s he had much of the wetlands illegally destroyed, with the intention of building a private general aviation airport, to be called Breuner Field. However community and political opposition prohibited it, and the small model plane airfield was the largest he could build, and some of the mixed wetlands—grasslands still remained. In the 1980s Bruener tested experimental aircraft, a gyrocopter, at the site, and used it as his primary residence.
Breuner Field or Breuner Airfield was a 5 acre (2 ha) private radio controlled aircraft airfield or "flying field" and club built in the 1970s. It was located on the illegally reclaimed wetlands, at 4114 Goodrick Avenue, and was accessible from the Richmond Parkway. The site had a sports club, some cottages, and a fishing pier. The runway was about 300 ft (91 m) and is marked with x's to state that it is not suitable for landing by any planes. It was run by the Bay Area Radio Control Society.
Bay Area Wetlands LLC.
Breuner Marsh was purchased in 2000 by "Bay Area Wetlands LLC", a company that planned on selling the land to the highest bidding developer. Since the purchase by Bay Area Wetlands LLC, various proposals to develop the marsh have been put forward. These include upscale housing, an industrial complex, a mixed use transit village with housing businesses, and a transit center, and expansion of Point Pinole Regional Shoreline, with Breuner Marsh being restored. The latter was the preferred option from the Parchester Village Neighborhood Council which had fought development in the past. Development was also fought by the Sierra Club and the North Richmond Shoreline Open Space Alliance, and by Gayle McLaughlin and the East Bay Regional Parks District.
The East Bay Regional Parks District had considered using Eminent Domain to prevent development of the rare undeveloped San Francisco Bay shoreline and to protect endangered species. Bay Area Wetlands LLC at one point wanted to build ""Edgewater Technology Park"" but were rebuffed by Parchester residents. 
Signature Properties, a housing construction firm, bought a six month option at one point, but was unable to persuade the city council to rezone the area from light industrial, since the city wanted revenue building commercial development instead of funds-draining housing that would place addition strain on city services. The city was willing to zone 27 acres (11 ha) for residential but no more.
A lawsuit was filed against the property owners to protect the open space, and the courts preliminary judgment was reached on March 28, 2008. The jury decided that the value of the was $6.85 million. This was contrary to the East Bay Regional Parks District's appraiser whom valued it at $1.5 million, and the previous purchase price the Breuners received of $3 million. The defendant owners argued that the city would make up to $18 million off the where development would be allowed. The owners were allowed to keep 20 acres (8 ha), but appealed the March 2008 decision nonetheless. A sale was finally reached two months later for the undeveloped property.
Parkland.
The East Bay Regional Park District purchased a large portion of the historic Breuner Marsh in May 2008 for $8,830,155. The Park District has approved plans to restore tidal wetlands and coastal prairie habitats on the property. In addition they plan to add a component of the San Francisco Bay Trail.
Threatened wildlife species in the area include the white-tailed kite, a state "Species of Concern", and endangered species such as the Salt Marsh Harvest Mouse and the California Clapper Rail.

</doc>
<doc id="18777721" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18777721" title="Symphony No. 23 (Haydn)">
Symphony No. 23 (Haydn)

Joseph Haydn wrote Symphony No. 23 in G major, Hoboken I/23, in 1764.
The work is scored for 2 oboes, bassoon, 2 horns, and strings with continuo. The symphony is in four movements:
The slow movement is scored for strings only and contains numerous five-note thirty-second-note slides in the lower strings.
In the Minuet, Haydn writes the movement as a canon between the higher voices (violins and oboes) and lower voices (violas and cellos) at an interval of a single bar. Haydn had written such a canon in the minuet of his third symphony and similar canons would be later be written into G major minuets by Michael Haydn and Mozart. Haydn himself would later develop this technique into the "Canones in Diapason" of the minuet of his Trauer Symphony and the "Witches Minuet" of his D minor string quartet from Op. 76.
The last movement is notable for fading away unexpectantly at the end, first "pianissimo" in the string along and then after a grand pause ending with a single pizzicato note. The second half is marked for repeat, but the conductor may choose "whether to omit the "da capo" in order not to risk the surprise ending being anticipated." H. C. Robbins Landon believes this may be "the first positive example of Haydn's famous sense of humour."

</doc>
<doc id="18777731" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18777731" title="Compound option">
Compound option

Compound option or split-fee option is option on an option. The exercise payoff of a compound option involves the value of another option. A compound option then has two expiration dates and two strike prices. Usually, compounded options are used for currency or fixed income markets where insecurity exists regarding the option’s risk protection. Another common business application that compound options are used for—to hedge bids for business projects that may or may not be accepted. 
Variants.
Compound options provide their owners with the right to buy or sell another option. These options create positions with greater leverage than do traditional options. There are four basic types of compound options:

</doc>
<doc id="18777735" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18777735" title="Living On Video (album)">
Living On Video (album)

Living On Video, known in Canada as Message on the Radio, is the first album by Canadian synthpop group Trans-X. Recorded and released in 1983 by Mantra Records, "Message On The Radio" was a seven-track album. Produced by Daniel Bernier, the record featured all instruments played by Pascal Languirand with Anne Brosseau on supporting vocals.
Credits.
Instruments: Roland Jupiter 4 and 6, CSQ 600 and TR-808, Korg Vocoder and Polysix, Oberheim OB8, DMX and DSX, Elka Synthex, electric guitar, Simmons and Mattel drums.

</doc>
<doc id="18777739" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18777739" title="Malambo, Tanzania">
Malambo, Tanzania

Malambo, Arusha Region.
Located in northern Tanzania, Malambo Village lies near the Sanjan River, east of the Serengeti, west of Lake Natron, and north of Ngorongoro, in a picturesque but remote region. It's on the western edge of the Eastern Rift Valley, bordered by mountains on the west and a vast plain on the east.
Malambo has served as home for many Maasai, and a rest stop for many more who pass through the region.It boasts a school, a medical clinic, and a small airstrip, though the village is still considered remote and impoverished.
Because it is close to areas which are popular tourist safari attractions, Malambo does get occasional visitors passing through.
Notable People.
Latang'amwaki Ndwati Mollel
Agbert Tajewo Mollel
Malambo, Rukwa Region.
Malambo Village in western Tanzania is on the road between Sumbawanga, the capital of Rukwa Region, and Kigoma, the port city on the northern shore of Lake Tanganyika. Malambo is on the western edge of Katavi National Park, a rarely visited park still abundant with wildlife. This western area of Tanzania is remote with few tourist facilities and rarely visited by tourist safaris.

</doc>
<doc id="18777745" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18777745" title="Hay Airport">
Hay Airport

Hay Airport is an airport serving Hay, a town in the western Riverina region of southwestern New South Wales in Australia. The airport is operated by the Hay Shire Council.
Facilities.
The airport resides at an elevation of above mean sea level. It has two runways: 04/22 with an asphalt surface measuring and 15/33 with a clay surface measuring .

</doc>
<doc id="18777758" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18777758" title="Porta Settimiana">
Porta Settimiana

The Porta Settimiana is a gate in the Aurelian Wall in Rome. It was built in 1498 by Pope Alexander VI, and it marks the beginning of the Via della Lungara on the south side.

</doc>
<doc id="18777761" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18777761" title="Gurmayum Anita Devi">
Gurmayum Anita Devi

Gurmayum Anita Devi is a noted mountaineer from Indian state of Manipur. She was awarded Padma Shri award by Government of India in 2004 .
References.
[http://www.thehinduimages.com/hindu/photoDetail.do?photoId=3050510]

</doc>
<doc id="18777769" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18777769" title="Radio Malta">
Radio Malta

Radju Malta (Radio Malta) is the main radio service of Public Broadcasting Services Ltd, the public service broadcaster of Malta.
The origins of Radio Malta go back to 1935. For many years, transmissions were effected on a cable-radio system which started away back in 1935 by a British company called Rediffusion. On the 29 September 1962, the same company officially opened TVM. During the late sixties Rediffusion Malta effected several test transmissions with the aim to set up a radio station. But the radio station never materialised, possibly due to conflict of interest with the cable radio system which the same company was utilising.
Regular Wireless radio transmissions in Maltese started on the 8th January 1973 by the Malta Broadcasting Authority on 999 kHz Medium Wave (AM). It was called "Radju ta Malta". This frequency is still in use by Radio Malta.
Norman Hamilton,then Rediffusion's top D.J., left the company and decided to join Radio Malta from its first day of transmission. Norman is no longer involved in radio. Mario Laus was also one of Radio Malta's first D.J.s and today he is still one of its most popular D.J.s and certainly the longest-serving D.J. of this radio station. Vincent Scerri, another veteran D.J. dating back to the Rediffusion era, albeit with several years of absence from Radio Malta,is still one of its regular contributors. Another popular D.J. is Brian Micallef who started presenting Rock Programs during the Rediffusion era and continued on Radio Malta and also had some years of absence in the eighties.
In 1975, when Xandir Malta was set up, the Cable Radio system, now no longer belonging to Rediffusion, and Radio Malta, became one entity with a separate identity. 
Radio Malta started transmitting on 93.7 F.M. when the British Forces Broadcasting Services (BFBS Malta) closed down on 31 March 1979 with the departure of British Services from the Maltese Islands. 
The cable radio system was demised in 1989. Consequently many talented and experienced broadcasters were now working solely for Radio Malta. Among these, the late Charles Arrigo,trained by the B.B.C., and considered by many as the Dean of Maltese Broadcasting. The legendary and charismatic broadcaster, Charles Abela Mizzi,with his golden voice,is still very much active on Radio Malta. Another veteran, still serving with Radio Malta,is George Peresso.
In 1990, PBS Ltd took over the role and responsibility of Xandir Malta. Its stereophonic transmissions are now also accessible in Malta on DAB+.
The nineties ushered in broadcasting pluralism in Malta. This phenomenon brought to Radio Malta many a new talent. However with pluralism, Malta witnessed greater staff mobility within local radio stations which started to mushroom on the Maltese Islands. Joe Dimech,Lilian Maistre, Ray Calleja, Tony Micallef, Albert Storace, Brian Micallef, Eddie Darmanin, Henry Calleja and Mario Meli are just some of its longest serving broadcasters.Today many new voices are part of Radio Malta's success. Other veterans have also returned to the fold.
Radio Malta transmits cultural and current affairs programmes putting a strong focus on news . 
Phone-Ins feature on some of its programmes. 
Classical music and classic hits form an integral part of its daily 24x7 schedule.
With the exception of the BBC News, all programmes on Radio Malta are transmitted in the Maltese language.
Surveys conducted in 2012 showed that Radio Malta doubled its listenership and is now the second most "listened to" radio station in Malta and Gozo. 
As from 2013, its co-ordinator is Carlo Borg Bonaci, a very popular local d.j. now running also Malta's music station, Magic Radio. Carlo is one of Malta's leading voice-overs in the field of radio and television advertising. 
BBC News on Radio Malta.
Monday-Friday
0600-0640, 0900, 1100, 1500
Saturday
0600-0640, 0900, 1500
Sunday
0600-0640, 1500

</doc>
<doc id="18777786" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18777786" title="Julia Kamińska">
Julia Kamińska

Julia Kamińska (born November 13, 1987) is a Polish film and television actress. Kaminska had a lead role in TVN's "BrzydUla", the Polish version of "Betty la fea", and currently in "Reguły Gry" (Rules of the Game).
Early life.
Kaminska was born in Gdansk to a family of Polish Catholics. Her father, Krzysztof Kamiński, is a naval engineer and teacher at a university in Trójmiasto. Her mother, Małgorzata Kamińska, is a hydrotechnics engineer.
Kaminska began acting in middle school when she joined Wybrzezak an education-oriented theater group. As part of this project Kaminska took the lead role in "Romeo and Juliet" alongside actors Szymon Jachimek and Wojciech Tremiszewski. In 2003, she played the role of Gloria in a Wybrzezak/University of Northern Iowa co-production of The Dead Poet Society.
During her high school years Kaminska also worked as photo model and in 2005 she appeared on the cover of a teen magazine. She also studied German linguistics. In 2006 Kaminska enrolled in the University of Gdansk's School of Modern Languages.
Career.
In 2005, Kaminska appeared with her brother Christian Kamiński in the TV show "Pełną Parą" Later that year, she became a co-host for a local morning children's show called "Królestwo Maciusia".
In 2006, Kaminska joined the cast of the TV show "Ja wam pokażę!" playing the character of Tosia.
In 2008, Kaminska was cast as the character "Ula" in the TVN show "BrzydUla", a Polish remake of the internationally acclaimed "Betty la fea". Following the original storyline, Ula falls in love with her boss Marek Dobrzański, played by Filip Bobek.
From 2012 Julia has been playing a leading role in the sitcom "Reguły Gry" (Rules of the Game) based on the US hit "Rules of Engagement".
Taniec z Gwiazdami.
Julia Kamińska won the 11th season of Polish Dancing with the Stars - Taniec z Gwiazdami. 

</doc>
<doc id="18777802" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18777802" title="Reuben Ross">
Reuben Ross

Reuben Ross (born December 5, 1985) is a Canadian diver. He has won gold on the men's 3m or 3m synchro events at the Canadian Nationals every year since 2008. He competed in the individual 3m springboard and 10m platform events at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing. He currently trains at the CAMO (Club Aquatique de Montréal).
Accomplishments.
Civil Engineering degree from the University of Miami.

</doc>
<doc id="18777844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18777844" title="17pdr SP Achilles">
17pdr SP Achilles

The 17 pounder, Self-Propelled, Achilles was a British variant of the American M10 tank destroyer armed with the powerful British Ordnance QF 17 pounder anti-tank gun in place of the standard 3" (76.2 mm) Gun M7. With a total of 1,100 M10s converted, the 17 pdr SP Achilles was the second most numerous armoured fighting vehicle to see service armed with the 17 pounder gun, behind the Sherman Firefly.
The name "Achilles" was officially a designation applied to both the 3" gun and 17 pounder versions (as Achilles I/II and Achilles Ic/IIc respectively) but was little used during the Second World War; at the time, the vehicle was called 17pdr M10, or 17pdr SP M10, or even occasionally, "Firefly". It has since become identified almost exclusively with the 17 pounder version.
Origins.
In the wake of Germany's successful 1939–41 campaigns, US armour doctrine had incorporated the idea of fast, lightly armoured vehicles carrying high velocity anti-tank guns as the best way to deal with the fast moving armour spearheads of the German Blitzkrieg. The M10 was based on the chassis of the M4 Sherman but carried thinner although more sloped armour in order to comply with the high speed requirement for the tank. At the same time, the British had been examining the possibility of designing a low-silhouette self-propelled tank destroyer, preferably with a 360-degree traversing turret, with armour that would be able to resist the German 50 mm at 800 yards and mounting the 17 pounder. However with the arrival of the M10 on the battlefield in late 1942, British plans for a turreted self-propelled gun were cancelled.
The M10 was first made available to the British in 1943. These vehicles were open-topped and mounted a 3-inch American gun, which was significantly more powerful than the Ordnance QF 6 pounder that was mounted on British tanks of the period and was of equal power to the 7.5 cm KwK 40 used by the Panzer IV and Sturmgeschütz III. When introduced into service in late 1942, the thin but sloped armour of the M10 provided good protection against the standard 50 mm gun mounted on most German tanks and anti-tank guns, and the gun was able to easily defeat all German armour except for the handful of Tigers deployed against the Western Allies.
Design.
The 17 pdr SP Achilles was basically a modified M10, the main difference being the gun. The main armament of the Achilles was the Ordnance QF 17 pounder, a gun with greatly superior anti-tank performance over the standard American 3" anti-tank gun. The single top mounted M2 Browning HMG was retained.
The 17 pounder mounted on the Achilles was able to penetrate some 140 mm of armour at and 131 mm at using standard Armour Piercing, Capped, Ballistic Capped (APCBC) ammunition impacting at a 30-degree angle. When supplied, Armour-piercing discarding sabot (APDS) ammunition could penetrate some 209 mm (8 inches) of armour at 500 metres and 192 mm at 1,000 metres at a 30-degree angle. In comparison the gun on the standard M10 using the same type of ammunition (APCBC) would penetrate 98 mm of armour at 500 m at a 30-degree angle, and 88 mm of armor at 1,000 meters at a 30-degree angle. Only with High Velocity Armour Piercing (HVAP) ammunition did the gun compare with the 17 pounder, the ammunition being able to penetrate 140 mm at 500 m at a 30-degree angle, and 127 mm at 1,000 m at a 30-degree angle. However HVAP ammunition was in very short supply and it only just compared with the standard 17 pounder ammunition that was available in huge amounts for the British.
The 17 pounder required a counterweight fitted behind the muzzle brake on its long barrel. This gave the Achilles a distinctive appearance compared to the M10 and there were attempts to disguise this by painting the brake and counterweight.
The only other change carried out on the Achilles was the addition of thick armour plates welded to the front and sides of the M10 to increase armour protection, as well as a 20 mm thick shield fitted to the top of the turret to provide protection from overhead threats that resulted from the M10 having an open top turret.
Production.
The desire to mount the 17 pounder on the M10 was governed by the degree of difficulty involved in mounting the 17 pounder on the tank itself. Luckily for the British, the initial batches of M10s had an easily modified gun mounting to facilitate the future replacement of the older 3 inch M7 gun with the newer 76 mm gun M1. This gun mounting design allowed for the British to replace the 3 inch gun with the 17 pounder gun. The British took delivery of some 845 vehicles in 1943, but of the second version of the M10, only the T71 mark could carry the 17 pounder, the T70 mark being designed to only allow the lighter American 76.2 mm M1 gun.
The British had planned to convert some 1,000 M10s into 17pdr armed variants for Normandy, but for some reason conversions were not started until April 1944. By D-Day only some 124 M10s had been converted, however the number of conversions post D-day increased and by the end of the year 816 M10s had been converted, 152 vehicles in November alone. However the low numbers at D-day meant that many British units went ashore fielding standard M10s rather than 17 pounder armed Achilles, and losses in Achilles units could at times be hard to replace, the crews receiving regular 3" armed M10s as replacements for their lost 17 pdr Achilles much to their dismay. 
As a self-propelled anti-tank gun, Achilles as well as standard M10s were distributed to and operated by the regiments of the Royal Artillery. Around 1,650 M10s were received by the British during the war, of these 1,100 were converted to the 17 pdr by the end of the war.
Operational use.
Unlike the Americans, who saw the M10 as a tank hunter once it became clear that the Germans had gone on the defensive, the British still viewed the Achilles as a mobile anti-tank gun. The standard anti-tank gun used in infantry units in the British Army was the 6 pounder anti-tank gun, a small, light gun able to defeat the more common German Panzer IV and Sturmgeschütz with regular ammunition but not the heavier Tigers and Panthers. The next generation British gun, the 17 pounder anti-tank gun, was able to deal with Tigers and Panthers but was less swiftly deployable than the 6 pounder due to its larger size.
As a result, the British used the Achilles as a quickly deployable anti-tank gun, able to reinforce a position taken by infantry and engage counter-attacking German forces while the slower towed 17 pounders were pulled up and dug in for a more long-term defensive presence. This had the advantage of mitigating the weak armour protection of the Achilles as being used defensively usually allowed it to fire the vital first shot. This was in line with the original design concept of the vehicle, intended to blunt German "blitzkrieg" attack tactics. The M10/Achilles turret had an extremely slow manual only turret rotation, but this was not a significant tactical limitation when the tank was used in its "proper" defensive role. In this role it was clearly superior to German Stugs which had no turret rotation. The Stug's were more successful in any event in the east due to a different tactical environment where their low profile and heavy armor was a significant asset. Usually, the only time the British used the M10 and Achilles offensively was in support of Churchill tank units as they did not have associated 17 pdr armed tanks like Sherman and Cromwell tank troops did.
Achilles went ashore on D-Day, equipping units of the Royal Artillery and Royal Canadian Artillery in Armoured Division or Corps Anti-tank Regiments. A typical A/Tk Regiment would have 4 Batteries, 2 x Towed 17 Pdr Batteries, 1 x Achilles and 1 x M10 Battery. The M10 Battery was replaced by a second Achilles Battery as more vehicles became available. Perhaps the most successful action of the Achilles was conducted by B troop, 245th Battery, 62nd Anti-Tank Regiment, Royal Artillery attached to the Hamilton Light Infantry during Operation Charnwood. South of Buron, a counterattack by a mixed force of Panzer IV and Panther tanks of the 12th SS Panzer Regiment was defeated by Achilles and 17-pounder anti tank guns of 245th Battery, 62nd Anti-tank Regiment. Thirteen German tanks were destroyed in one of the most successful antitank engagements of the campaign, for the loss of four self-propelled guns and a further four damaged.

</doc>
<doc id="18777871" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18777871" title="Narromine Airport">
Narromine Airport

Narromine Airport is a small airport in Narromine, New South Wales, Australia. There are significant gliding operations at the airport.

</doc>
<doc id="18777885" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18777885" title="Old Man Luedecke">
Old Man Luedecke

Old Man Luedecke is the recording name of 2-time Juno Award-winning Canadian singer-songwriter and banjo player, Chris Luedecke, of Chester, Nova Scotia. His 2008 album, "Proof of Love", won a 2009 Juno Award for traditional folk album of the year. in 2011, Luedecke won the same award for "My Hands are on Fire and Other Love Songs". His latest release, "Tender is the Night" was released in 2012 and picked up a Juno Nomination as well as "Folk Album of the Year" from Music Nova Scotia. 
Luedecke has also toured as a member of The Pan-Canadian New Folk Ensemble with Kim Barlow and Christine Fellows.

</doc>
<doc id="18777889" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18777889" title="Magic (Malta radio)">
Magic (Malta radio)

Magic is a music radio station in Malta.
The station is targeted to 29- to 54-year-olds with a strong female bias.
Presenters include Steve Joy, Michelle Horn, Nigel Williams, Brendan Kearney, Martin Buchanan, Tony Wright, Terry Jay, Rosie Kendrick, Dom Green, Dave Hickman and Greg Fairlie. Shows include Mellow Magic and Stressbusters.
The station was launched by the then PBS head of programming Simon Lumsden on 21 August 2003.
News bulletins on Magic are provided by the BBC at 08:00. 09:00, 12:00, 17:00 and 18:00hrs daily.
Magic broadcasts in Malta and Gozo on 91.7 FM in stereo. 
National coverage is also available on DAB+, Digital Radio, Melita Digital and Sky.

</doc>
<doc id="18777903" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18777903" title="Richard Allsop">
Richard Allsop

Richard Allsop (10 June 1849 – 20 March 1908) was an English first class cricketer who played for Derbyshire County Cricket Club between 1872 and 1874.
Allsop was born at Wirksworth, Derbyshire, the son of Samuel Allsop, a journeyman joiner and his wife Ann who lived in the Market Place. By 1871 he was a joiner himself, living with the family at St John Street. In 1870 he played cricket for Wirksworth Cricket Club and in 1871 for Burton Cricket Club. He made his debut for Derbyshire in the 1872 season against Lancashire. In the 1873 season he only played for the club in a miscellaneous match against Nottinghamshire. In the 1874 season he achieved his highest score of 33 against Lancashire and completed his first class career in a match against Kent. He also played in Derbyshire's extra matches against Nottinghamshire, Yorkshire and United South of England.
Allsop played five innings in three first class matches with an average of 8.40 and a highest score of 33.
Allsop died at Burton-on-Trent, Staffordshire at the age of 68.

</doc>
<doc id="18777904" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18777904" title="Abada (surname)">
Abada (surname)

The French surname Abada traces its origins to a nickname. The surnames which derive from a nickname are numerous and varied. This category of name draws on many different sources. The most common ones are based on a physical characteristic or a personal attribute of the originator. In this case the name Abada was taken directly from the Niçard word "Abbe" meaning Abbot. Thus the surname Abada originates from someone who worked as an abbot. Amongst the variants of this name we find Abbatte, Abbat, Abbas, Abad and Abate.
French surnames are hereditary, something that came back into fashion in the 12th century. Before this certain names existed and sometimes they were skipped for one, two or three generations. In contrast some names were not inherited because they were eventually abandoned and replaced by another name.
The surname Abada is also found in Italy. Amongst notable people of this name is the Italian painter Andre Abate, born in Naples in 1732.
People named "Abada":

</doc>
<doc id="18777924" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18777924" title="Maltin Biss">
Maltin Biss

Maltin Biss (Only Maltese) is a radio station in Malta. It is owned and operated by the Public Broadcasting Services of Malta: PBS Ltd.
Broadcasting on 106.6 FM across the Maltese islands, it provides live coverage of debates in the Maltese Parliament.
When parliament is not in session, the frequency is used to transmit local Maltese music.
This is the first Maltese radio station to transmit uninterruptedly (apart when airing parliament sessions) indigenous music . The station's new name is MALTIN BISS (Only Maltese), obviously referring to its unique music style.
It was announced on December 2013 that the station is to be renamed as "Radju Malta 2" in the nearby future.

</doc>
<doc id="18777939" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18777939" title="Nyngan Airport">
Nyngan Airport

Nyngan Airport is a small airport in Nyngan, New South Wales, Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="18777943" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18777943" title="Riley McCormick">
Riley McCormick

Riley McCormick (born August 25, 1991) is a Canadian diver. He won the 2008 national championship on the 10m and 10m synchronized and placed 16th in the individual 10m platform event at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing. He currently studies at Arizona State University in Tempe, Arizona. He was born in Victoria, British Columbia.

</doc>
<doc id="18777948" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18777948" title="Tulasi Munda">
Tulasi Munda

Tulasi Munda is a noted social activist from Indian state of Orissa who was awarded Padma Shri in 2001 by Government of India. Tulsi Munda has done a lot of work to spread literacy among the tribal people. Mundha has released hundreds of tribal children from a future as exploited daily labourers by setting up a school in Orissa’s mining area. As a girl, she had herself worked in these mines as a labourer. It is an interesting fact that when tribal children go to their schools, they are out-performing many children attending general schools in the rest of the state. In 2011 Tulasi Munda wons Odisha Living Legend Award for Excellence in Social service. http://www.orissadiary.com/odisha_living_legend/Tulasi-Munda.asp 
Tulsi Munda pioneered the phenomenon of growing strength of women in Orissa.
sexagenarian Tulsi Munda is known for her mission to spread literacy among the underprivileged. An encounter with Vinoba Bhave when he visited Orissa in 1963 during the Bhoodan Andolan padayatra set her on the path that was to change the fortunes of her people. On that padayatra' Tulsi promised Vinoba she'd follow his guidelines and principles throughout her life. A year later' in 1964' enthused by the acharya's ideals and goals' and armed with her social service training' she started work in Serenda.
Inspired by Vinoba Bhave's ideals' the illiterate Tulsi Munda opened a school under a mahua tree for children of tribal mine workers.
Charity begins at home but Tulsi also chose Serenda because "it was extremely backward and poor". Today' her efforts have benefited not only the villagers of Serenda where she's based with her Adivasi Vikas Samiti' but for the people living around
100 km of this tribal belt. Popularly known as Tulsidi' she's changed the whole educational statistics as well as the social standard of the area through the school she runs under the aegis of her Samiti.
About 30 km away from Joda (famous for its iron ore mines)' Serenda houses almost 500 tribals. At first' Tulsi had a hard time convincing people about the need for education. "I had to visit each and every house." In fact' since children in the area worked in the mines during the day' Tulsi started a night school with the help of the village mukhiya. Then she convinced mine workers to leave their children in her care for the day. She began by telling them stories about the freedom movement and deeds of our great scholars and national leaders. "I was an illiterate and knew nothing of bookish knowledge' but I had come to know about the importance of education and had enough practical knowledge to impart it."
Tusli started her school under a mahua tree. To raise funds' which were in short supply' she took to selling vegetables and murri (puffed rice). Later' as she began to gain their confidence' the villagers began providing her with food and a place to live in. Soon Tulsi persuaded the villagers to cut stones from the mountain and help her build the school. It took six months for the school to come up outside the village. Today the Adivasi Vikas Samiti school has two concrete buildings.
Funds remained a problem for a long time. Tulsi had no money to pay the teachers but she gathered the youth of the village who had studied up to primary level. "They all came voluntarily. Things began to be sorted out when my students offered to pay a fee-that was a landmark in my mission. Donations also began coming in from large industrial houses and some foreign agencies." Now she charges Rs 200 a month for the hostel but only from those who can afford to pay her. Today the school has seven teachers and 354 students with hostel facilities for 81 children.
"Tulsidi is like our mother and she has been our source of inspiration in life'" says Sharad Kumar Perei who teaches in class IV. His colleague Abhay Kumar Mishra agrees' and in fact thinks the school compares well with any government school as far as the standard of education is concerned. "We try to give the best of everything to the students'" he says.
Confident that her mission to educate has taken off' Tulsi hopes to undertake other developmental programmes through her Adivasi Vikas Samiti. "The first thing I want to do is to prevent alcoholism among the tribals who regularly take hadiya (the local brew). I also want to form gram sabhas and mahila sangathans to discuss and find ways to improve their condition'" says she.What about finances? "Of course there are a lot of financial constraints; even now I can't pay my schoolteachers their salaries on time but I do get help from foreign agencies and individuals from time to time. Support and financial aid from tsrds (Tata Steel Rural Development Society) has come in as a great help.

</doc>
<doc id="18777949" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18777949" title="Lake Metigoshe State Park">
Lake Metigoshe State Park

Lake Metigoshe State Park is a state park in the U.S. state of North Dakota.
Location.
The park is located on the shores of Lake Metigoshe in the Turtle Mountains, 14 miles northeast of Bottineau, along the US/Canadian border. The park lies adjacent to the southwest corner of the much larger Turtle Mountain Provincial Park in Manitoba. A small part of the lake actually extends northward into the Rural Municipality of Winchester, but it is not part of either park.
History.
The name Lake Metigoshe is derived from the Ojibwe phrase "mitigooshi-waashegami-zaaga'igan" meaning "clearwater lake of scrub-oaks." The area was also once home to the Blackfoot, Hidatsa, and Assiniboine peoples.
The park was constructed in the 1930s as a part of President Roosevelt's "New Deal" programs during the Great Depression. It was formally established and approved on February 17, 1937.
Activities.
In the summer, swimming, canoeing, kayaking, sailing, water-skiing, and other water sports are popular. Lake Metigoshe has northern pike, walleye, and perch for fishing. There are modern and primitive camping areas as well as picnicking areas. 
In the winter, snowmobiling, cross-country skiing, skating, sledding, and ice fishing are popular.
The park's Turtle Mountain Outdoor Learning Center offers ecology, conservation, and outdoor recreation programs.
The Club de Skinautique is a water-skiing club that practices and performs on Lake Metigoshe. The "Skinautiques," as the club is informally called, have been performing water skiing shows every summer since 1958.

</doc>
<doc id="18777993" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18777993" title="List of University of Pretoria alumni">
List of University of Pretoria alumni

The University of Pretoria is a public university in Pretoria,
the administrative and de facto capital of South Africa. The university in its more than a century of academic service has delivered more than 200,000 alumni. Below is a list of prominent alumni.
Sport personalities.
Springbok Captains
Other Springboks

</doc>
<doc id="18777996" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18777996" title="Project Earth (TV series)">
Project Earth (TV series)

Project Earth is a 2008 reality TV series on the Discovery Channel in which several groups of scientists experiment with radical ideas to slow and/or stop global warming using geoengineering methods.
Projects.
The show consists of eight experiments to weigh pros and cons of ideas on how to reduce global warming. The projects are as follows:
Wrapping Greenland.
Seeing if glacier melting on Greenland can be prevented by covering them with insulating sheets.
Raining Forests.
Led by scientist Mark Hodges, they attempt to reforest areas of bare Earth from helicopters using canisters holding a tree seedling.
Brighter Earth.
Led by atmospheric physicist John Latham and engineer Stephen Salter, the team attempted a Cloud reflectivity enhancement experiment. Their goal was to make clouds more reflective to bounce more of the Sun's heat generating rays back into space as a stop-gap against global warming. By changing the size of water droplets within a cloud, they make clouds brighter and reflect the Sun's heat into space. They choose to seed marine stratocumulus clouds because of their commonality around the world and the fact that they are low-lying, making it easier for man-made droplets to reach them. The Project Earth team uses the potassium chloride and sodium chloride from (salt-based) flares to form droplet particles that are one micrometre in diameter, and that can rise to , even in adverse (cloudless) conditions. The experiment proves that man-made droplets can indeed seed stratocumulus clouds.
The team is also charged with creating a delivery system for the cloud creation mechanisms that allows for low carbon emission, remote controlled vessels. They employ the concept of the Flettner rotor by fabricating rotors and installing them onto a reinforced/retrofitted trimaran.
After a series of computer simulations based on current and rising CO2 levels, Basil determined that without the proposed fleet of ships, the average global temperature would rise 2.9 degrees Celsius by the end of the 21st Century; enough to melt glaciers that are important to the freshwater needs of Asia and Africa and the hydro-electric power needs of Europe. Using a fleet of 1500 cloud enhancing ships employing the recently discovered technologies would reduce that average global temperature change to only 1 degree Celsius by the end of the 21st century. The slower rise in temperature would grant humanity more time to reduce carbon emissions before a major climate related catastrophe was likely to strike.
The estimated cost of the fleet of remote-operated cloud enhancing vessels would was valued at $5.8 billion US, a fraction of the $44 trillion US world economy that would be irreparably damaged if climate change were to continue unchecked.
Infinite Winds.
Testing of a revolutionary wind turbine led by engineer Fred Ferguson in an attempt to harness the energy of high-altitude winds. The team will test a prototype attached to a blimp over The Appalachians to harness the endless supply of wind.
Hungry Oceans.
Dr. Brian von Herzen and the Discovery team join Professors David M Karl (University of Hawaii) and Ricardo M Letelier (Oregon State University) to test wave powered pumps in an effort to bring nutrients from the depths of the oceans to the surface. This nutrient enrichment of the open ocean's well-lit surface layers is needed to enhance photosynthesis and trigger large blooms of phytoplankton that could increase the role of vast oceanic regions in the sequestration of anthropogenic carbon dioxide. However, before producing large scale perturbations using these pumps, the scientific team from Hawaii and Oregon wants to better understand the risks and benefits of such large scale perturbations by looking at the effect that the deployment of a few pumps may have in the environment.
Space Sunshield.
Attempting to create a sunshade by placing trillions of lenses in space, led by astronomer and professor Roger Angel. Angel has developed a diffraction pattern by etching onto a lens, which will deflect the Sun's rays.
Orbital Power Plant.
Former NASA physicist John Mankins's vision of launching thousands of satellites into space, gathering solar energy from the Sun and beaming it down to Earth as microwave energy. The energy will then be collected by antennas on the ground, which will convert it into electricity.
Fixing Carbon.
Testing to see if the air can be scrubbed clean of its carbon dioxide. David Keith builds a machine prototype that sucks air into one end and sprays with a sodium hydroxide solution, then expelling clean air out.
External links.
Watch full episodes here - http://video.discovery.com/player.html

</doc>
<doc id="18777999" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18777999" title="Quirindi Airport">
Quirindi Airport

Quirindi Airport is a small airport located west of Quirindi, New South Wales, Australia. The airport is sometimes used by trainee military pilots from BAe Systems College for circuits as an alternative to Tamworth Airport.

</doc>
<doc id="18778024" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18778024" title="Sibynophinae">
Sibynophinae

Sibynophinae or many-toothed snakes is a subfamily of Colubridae. Sibynophinae has 18 species in three genera. 
Source.
The Taxonomicon

</doc>
<doc id="18778028" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18778028" title="Frederic Allsopp">
Frederic Allsopp

The Hon. Frederic Allsopp (21 September 1857 – 20 December 1928) was an English first class cricketer who played for Marylebone Cricket Club in 1884. 
Allsopp was born at Hindlip Hall, Worcestershire, the son of the brewer Henry Allsopp, 1st Baron Hindlip. He was educated at Cheltenham College. In 1884 he played two first class cricket matches for Marylebone Cricket Club 
His highest score of 34 came when playing for Marylebone Cricket Club in the match against Derbyshire County Cricket Club. His best bowling of 1/8 came in the same match. He was a member of I Zingari and in 1911 he also played two games for Worcestershire second XI which were both against Warwickshire second XI. 
Allsopp died at Hadzor House, Droitwich, Worcestershire at the age of 71. His brother Herbert Allsopp also played First class cricket.

</doc>
<doc id="18778031" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18778031" title="James M. Lyon">
James M. Lyon

James M. Lyon (aka "Jim Lyon" aka "Jimbo Lyon") (born January 12, 1954) is an American hacker and computer programmer. Jim teamed with Don Woods while both were attending Princeton in 1972 to produce the INTERCAL programming language. Later, he worked at Tandem Computers for 10 years on the Transaction Management Facility and Remote Database Facility. 
He has been employed at Microsoft since 1996 and has worked on Exchange Server, SQL Server, COM, Microsoft Transaction Server and Windows Home Server Computer Backup. 
Jim is an instrument-rated pilot and served as a mission pilot for the California Civil Air Patrol from 1983 to 1990.
He plays the recorder, handbells, and tuba.

</doc>
<doc id="18778044" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18778044" title="Craig Gruber">
Craig Gruber

Craig Gruber is an American rock bassist and musician, best known as the original bassist in Rainbow and currently playing for the band Zvekan. He also played in Elf, consisting of vocalist Ronnie James Dio, keyboardist Mickey Lee Soule, drummer Gary Driscoll and guitarist David Feinstein.
Elf released three albums before they joined Blackmore in his newly formed band Rainbow in mid-1975.
Craig Gruber played on Rainbow's first album Ritchie Blackmore's Rainbow. Soon after the album was released the entire band was sacked excepting Ronnie James Dio.
Craig Gruber played live with Gary Moore on his supporting tour for his album "Victims of the Future", and featured on Moore's 1984 live album "We Want Moore". In 1980 he formed Bible Black with former Elf and Rainbow drummer Gary Driscoll. The band produced two albums before Driscoll's murder in 1987.
Gruber is currently building a line of high-end "soloing" basses, which can be seen at Infinite Metal Werkz and has been working on an Elf reunion, though such a prospect seems unlikely given the death of Ronnie James Dio.
Early in 2010 Gruber formed "ED3N"- a metal band in the classic rock genre. The band featured vocalist Jeff Fenholt and guitarist David Shankle, of DSG and formerly Manowar.
On April 18, 2013 Craig Gruber is announced to join the band Raven Lord .
On November 7th 2013, Craig Gruber announced via Facebook that he is part of a newly formed band founded by Csaba Zvekan called Zvekan.

</doc>
<doc id="18778049" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18778049" title="Ben Crawley">
Ben Crawley

Ben Crawley (born May 6, 1971, in Austin, Texas) is a retired American soccer player. He was a member of the United States teams at both the 1987 FIFA U-16 World Championship and 1989 FIFA World Youth Championship but spent most of his professional career with lower division teams. He played five games in Major League Soccer with D.C. United in 1996.
Youth.
Crawley spent his early youth in Portland, Oregon, moving with his family to Austin, Texas when he was six. He spent his early years as a goalkeeper in the Capital Soccer Club, but was put on the front line as a freshman in high school. He was a 1989 Parade Magazine High School All American soccer player at Westlake High School. He attended the University of Virginia, playing on the men's soccer team from 1989 to 1992. He led the Cavaliers in scoring in 1990, 1991 and 1992, finishing his career with forty-seven goals and thirty-three assists. In 1992, he was selected as a First-Team All-American. Crawley and his teammates won the 1989, 1991 and 1992 NCAA Men's Soccer Championship.
National team.
Crawley was a regular on the junior national teams during the late 1980s. In 1986, he joined the U-17 national team as it prepared for the 1987 FIFA U-16 World Championship. The team successfully made it through qualification and Crawley played all three U.S. games at the World Championship. On July 12, 1987, he scored the winning goal in the opening game for the U.S., a 1–0 win over Ecuador. But two losses put the team out of contention for a spot in the second round. In 1988, he moved up to the U-20 national team which qualified for the 1989 FIFA World Youth Championship. Crawley again played every game as the U.S. took fourth.
Professional.
In 1990, during the collegiate off-season, Crawley played for the Austin Sockadillos in the SISL outdoor league. He spent the 1991 with the Sockadillos as well. Following his graduation from Virginia in 1993, he signed with TuS Celle F.C. in the German Regionalliga Nord. In the fall of 1994, he had trials with the Baltimore Spirit and Wichita Wings of the National Professional Soccer League, but was not signed by either team for the regular season. On January 27, 1995, he signed with the Richmond Kickers in USISL where he was named a 1995 USISL All Star. In August 1995, the Kickers take the "double" when they win the league and 1995 U.S. Open Cup titles. On February 7, 1996, D.C. United selected Crawley in the tenth round (100th overall) in the 1996 MLS Inaugural Player Draft. He played five games for United. On June 8, 1996, D.C. sent him on loan to the Richmond Kickers, then waived him on June 30, 1996. He finished the season in Richmond. In 1997, he returned to the Austin Lone Stars in USISL. In 2000, he played a single season with the Palm Beach Pumas in the Premier Development League.

</doc>
<doc id="18778086" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18778086" title="Josef Vavroušek">
Josef Vavroušek

Josef Vavroušek (born September 15, 1944, in Prague, Czechoslovakia – March 18, 1995, Slovakia) was a Czech environmentalist and politician.
Vavroušek was a co-founder of Civic Forum (1989) and the first minister of the environment of Czechoslovakia (1990–1992). He coordinated (with Bedřich Moldan) the translation of "Limits to Growth" into Czech.
Josef Vavroušek formulated his "Ten Commandments" of values compatible and incompatible with a sustainable way of life in 1993 and considered it a preliminary proposal. He died in spring 1995 and so he could not finish it.
Book:
Vavroušek, J. (1993). Perspektivy lidských hodnot slučitelných s trvale udržitelným způsobem života. In P. Nováček & J. Vavroušek (Eds), Lidské hodnoty a trvale udržitelný způsob života: Sborník přednášek (pp. 91–100). Olomouc, Czech Republic: Vydavatelství Univerzity Palackého.

</doc>
<doc id="18778120" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18778120" title="Crowing Pains">
Crowing Pains

Crowing Pains is a cartoon in the "Looney Tunes" series that was released in 1947. The cartoon, directed by Robert McKimson, stars Henery Hawk, Sylvester, and Foghorn Leghorn and the Barnyard Dawg, all of whom are voiced by Mel Blanc. 
It is featured, fully restored (including original titles), on the "". 
Plot.
Sylvester is sneaking to the doghouse in a bush. he tries to steal the bone, but the Barnyard Dawg grabs the paw and looks inside the bush to see Sylvester with a flower in his mouth and several more flowers on his head. After Sylvester deliberately whacks Barnyard Dawg on the head with his dog food dish, Barnyard Dawg gives chase and chases Sylvester on the wall and jumps over a branch, only to get caught by the leash and hangs from the branch by the leash. Sylvester is about to cut the leash with an axe, but Foghorn grabs the blade and Sylvester whacks too hard and vibrates as he goes by the fire wood, and the branch breaks and Barnyard Dawg gets hit on the head and walks off. Foghorn lectures Sylvester to "Bury the hatchet-I say bury the hatchet, but not in anyone's head, boy!" When Sylvester is trying to speak, Sylvester angrily yells "Ah, SHUT UP!" and whacks Foghorn on the head with the bladeless axe and leaves as Foghorn sees stars and still holds the blade. Henery says to the audience "I'm not sure, but this might be a chicken." and drags him as Foghorn asks "What's the gag-I say what's the gag son? "GAG" that is! Where are we taking me, boy? Speak up!". after Henery tells Foghorn that he (Foghorn) is a chicken, Foghorn convinces Henery that Sylvester is a chicken. Foghorn sticks Henery in an egg and places it under Sylvester. Sylvester wakes up, thinking he's laid the egg and has become a mother, sings "Rock A Bye Baby" to it then hides the egg when he sees Foghorn coming and Foghorn congratulates Sylvester for laying the egg and Sylvester realizes that "HEY,Tom Cats "can't" be Mothers! Cats "don't" lay eggs! There's something "screwy" here!" and attempts to detach himself from this egg that suddenly follows him and attaches itself to him and that literally scares Sylvester out of his wits when he thinks the egg is possessed by a ghost. He runs from it and literally does all sorts of things...including running into the dog house belonging to the Barnyard Dawg. The dog pulls the cat out and stomps all over him and walks off. Henery, still in the egg, runs into the dog, which causes the dog to trip and fall over. The dog looks at the egg and then at the camera and ponders "I just takes a step and presto, I lays an egg!". the scene fades to a mother duck, with her ducklings, who says to herself "Presto, and he lays an egg. And to think for fifteen years, I've been doing it the "hard" way." The egg/Henery finally discovers Sylvester's hiding spot (a barrel), and he starts to burrow himself into Sylvester's skin, presumably for "mock incubation" reasons.
Reaching a breaking point, Sylvester comes close to literally smashing the egg with a Mallet...just as the egg is about to be smashed, Henery pops out and hollers "STOP!!" to which Sylvester, in a classic "wild take" scene, literally yanks his head up and down by his ears and grabs his tail and literally yanks on it, causing his head to literally pop up and down on his shoulders because Sylvester thinks he's crazy. Henery, seeing enough, clobbers Sylvester with a mallet and drags him off. Sylvester wakes up and asks "Say, what's the big idea?!" and Henery warns the "chicken" to not give him any trouble and Sylvester realizes that he's been part of a trick and he leaps up and shows Henery that the actual chicken, "A "ROOSTER" in fact!", is Foghorn himself."Rooster? If I'm a rooster-I say if I'm a rooster, I hope to be struck by-" bellows an offended Foghorn, but is interrupted when he almost literally gets struck by lightning and decides "Well, let's put it in another way. WAY that is." and an argument arises between Sylvester, Foghorn, and Barnyard Dawg as they accuse each other of misleading Henery Hawk. 
Finally, Henery decides the only way to settle the matter is to see who crows at dawn, and they all agree with an "OKAY!" with Foghorn alone "OKAY,THAT IS!". The scene fades and it's dawn the next morning...a sun pops up...and rooster crowing is heard...but from who? Sylvester has his mouth open because he typically always has his mouth open, looking dumbfounded...but Barnyard Dawg thinks Sylvester is crowing and walks off after hearing enough and Henery mistakes this for the sound of the rooster and he drags Sylvester away. The scene ends with Foghorn crowing...out the side of his mouth...holding up a how-to book on ventriloquism. Foghorn tells the audience "You gotta-I say you gotta keep on your toes. TOES that is!".
Trivia.
As a result of the title restoration, this is the earliest Foghorn Leghorn cartoon to survive with its original technical credits intact, surpassing 1948's "The Foghorn Leghorn" (which inherited the "title" in 2003 from "Henhouse Henery" when its credits were restored for its own ) - "Walky Talky Hawky" (from 1946), on the other hand, exists only as a Blue Ribbon reissue. On television, the Blue Ribbon reissue still airs (the current TV print has the wrong ending music as well).

</doc>
<doc id="18778148" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18778148" title="Academic grading in Belgium">
Academic grading in Belgium

Education in Belgium is organised on the level of the three communities.
In Flanders the following grading system applies to higher education:
In the French Community of Belgium, the following grade scale applies to university and college students:
Note that the percentages in brackets vary from a university/college to another and can even be different for two different faculties of the same institution.

</doc>
<doc id="18778154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18778154" title="The Introduction of Marcus Cooper">
The Introduction of Marcus Cooper

The Introduction of Marcus Cooper is the debut studio album by American recording artist and former Pretty Ricky vocalist Pleasure P, released through Atlantic Records and Swagga Entertainment from June 9, 2009. The title refers to the singer's birth name.
The album peaked at number ten on the US "Billboard" 200 and number two on Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums charts with 19,000 copies in its first week. As of January 2011, the album has sold over 150,000 copies nationwide. The album was nominated for Best Contemporary R&B Album in the 52nd annual Grammy Awards, and the song "Under" was nominated for Best Male R&B Vocal Performance and Best R&B Song.

</doc>
<doc id="18778180" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18778180" title="Celtic settlement of Eastern Europe">
Celtic settlement of Eastern Europe

Gallic groups, originating from the various La Tène chiefdoms, began a southeastern movement into the Balkan peninsula from the 4th century BC. Although Celtic settlements were concentrated in the western half of the Carpathian basin, there were notable incursions, and settlements, within the Balkan peninsula itself.
From their new bases in northern Illyria and Pannonia, the Gallic invasions climaxed in the early 3rd century BC, with the invasion of Greece. The 279 BC invasion of Greece proper was preceded by a series of other military campaigns waged toward the southern Balkans and against the kingdom of Macedonia, favoured by the state of confusion ensuing from the intricated succession to Alexander. A part of the invasion crossed over to Anatolia and eventually settled in the area that came to be named after them, Galatia.
Settlement of Southeastern Europe.
From the 4th century BC, Celtic groups pushed into the Carpathian region and the Danube basin, coinciding with their movement into Italy. The "Boii" and "Volcae" were two large Celtic confederacies who generally cooperated in their campaigns. Splinter groups moved south via two major routes: one following the Danube river, another eastward from Italy. According to legend, 300,000 Celts moved into Italy and Illyria. By the 3rd century, the native inhabitants of Pannonia were almost completely Celticized. La Tene remains are found widely in Pannonia, but finds westward beyond the Tisza river and south beyond the Sava are rather sparse. These finds are deemed to have been locally produced "Norican-Pannonian" variation of Celtic culture. Nevertheless, features are encountered which suggest ongoing contacts with distant provinces such as Iberia. The fertile lands around the Pannonian rivers enabled the Celts to establish themselves easily, developing their agriculture and pottery, and at the same time exploiting the rich mines of modern Slovenia. Thus it appears that the Celts had created a new homeland for themselves in southern part of Central Europe; in a region stretching from Vienna to the river Tisa.
Early expeditions.
The political situation in the northern Balkans was in constant flux with various tribes dominant over their neighbors at any one time. Within tribes, military expeditions were conducted by "an enterprising and mobile warrior class able from time to time to conquer large areas and to exploit their population". The political situation in the Balkans during 4th century BC played to the Celts' advantage. The Illyrians had been waging war against the Greeks, leaving their western flank weak. While Alexander ruled Greece, the Celts dared not to push south near Greece. Therefore, early Celtic expeditions were concentrated against Illyrian tribes.
The first Balkan tribe to be defeated by the Celts was the Illyric Autariatae, who, during the 4th century BC, had enjoyed a hegemony over much of the central Balkans, centred on the Morava valley. An account of Celtic tactics is revealed in their attacks on the Ardiaei.
In 335 BC, the Celts sent representatives to pay homage to Alexander the Great, while Macedon was engaged in wars against Thracians on its northern border. Some historians suggest that this 'diplomatic' act was actually an evaluation of Macedonian military might. After the death of Alexander the Great, Celtic armies began to bear down on the southern regions, threatening the Greek kingdom of Macedonia and the rest of Greece. In 310 BC, Celtic general Molistomos attacked deep into Illyrian territory, subduing the Dardanians, Paeonians and Triballi. The new Macedonian king Cassander felt compelled to take his old Illyrian enemies under his protection. In 298 BC, the Celts attempted a penetrating attack into Thrace and Macedon where they suffered a heavy defeat near Haemus Mons at the hands of Cassander. However, another body of Celts led by the general Cambaules marched on Thrace, capturing large areas.
Invasions of Greece.
"Great expedition" of 279 BC.
The Celtic military pressure toward Greece in the southern Balkans reached its turning point in 281 BC. The collapse of Lysimachus' successor kingdom in Thrace opened the way for the migration. The cause for this is explained by Pausanias as greed for loot, by Justin as a result of overpopulation, and by Memnon as the result of famine. According to Pausanias, an initial probing raid led by Cambaules withdrew when they realized they were too few in numbers.
In 280 BC a great army, comprising about 85,000 warriors, coming from Pannonia and split into three divisions, marched South in a "great expedition" to Macedon and central Greece. Under the leadership of Cerethrius, 20,000 men moved against the Thracians and Triballi. Another division, led by Brennus and Acichorius moved against Paionians while a third division, headed by Bolgios, aimed for Macedonians and Illyrians.
Bolgios inflicted heavy losses on the Macedonians, whose young king, Ptolemy Keraunos, was captured and decapitated. However, Bolgios' contingent was repulsed by the Macedonian nobleman Sosthenes, and satisfied with the loot they had won, Bolgios' contingents turned back. Sosthenes, in turn, was attacked and defeated by Brennus and his division, who were then free to ravage the country.
After these expeditions returned home, Brennus urged and persuaded them to mount a third united expedition against central Greece, led by himself and Acichorius. The reported strength of the army of 152,000 infantry and 24,400 cavalry is impossibly large. The actual number of horsemen has to be intended half as big: Pausanias describes how they used a tactic called "trimarcisia", where each cavalryman was supported by two mounted servants, who could supply him with a spare horse should he have to be dismounted, or take his place in the battle, should he be killed or wounded.
Battle of Thermopylae (279 BC).
A Greek coalition made up of Aetolians, Boeotians, Athenians, Phocians, and other Greeks north of Corinth took up quarters at the narrow pass of Thermopylae, on the east coast of central Greece. During the initial assault, Brennus' forces suffered heavy losses. Hence he decided to send a large force under Acichorius against Aetolia. The Aetolian detachment, as Brennus hoped, left Thermopylae to defend their homes. The Aetolians joined the defense en masse - the old and women joining the fight. Realizing that the Gallic sword was dangerous only at close quarters, the Aetolians resorted to skirmishing tactics. According to Pausanias, only half the number that had set out for Aetolia returned.
Eventually Brennus found a way around the pass at Thermopylae but the Greeks escaped by sea.
Attack on Delphi.
Brennus pushed on to Delphi where he was defeated and forced to retreat, after which he died of wounds sustained in the battle. His army fell back to the river Spercheios where it was routed by the Thessalians and Malians.
Both historians who relate the attack on Delphi, Pausanias and Junianus Justinus, say the Gauls were defeated and driven off. They were overtaken by a violent thunderstorm which made it impossible to manoeuvre or even hear their orders. The night that followed was frosty, and in the morning the Greeks attacked them from both sides. Brennus was wounded and the Gauls fell back, killing their own wounded who were unable to retreat. That night a panic fell on the camp, as the Gauls divided into factions and fought amongst themselves. They were joined by Acichorius and the rest of the army, but the Greeks forced them into a full-scale retreat. Brennus took his own life, by drinking neat wine according to Pausanias, by stabbing himself according to Justinus. Pressed by the Aetolians, the Gauls fell back to the Spercheios, where the waiting Thessalians and Malians destroyed them.
Cursed Gold of Delphi.
In spite of the Greek accounts about the defeat of the Gauls, the Roman literary tradition liked best a far different version.
Strabo reports a story told in his time of a semi-legendary treasure - the "aurum Tolosanum", fifteen thousand talents of gold and silver - supposed to have been the cursed gold looted during the sack of Delphi and brought back to Tolosa (modern Toulouse, France) by the Tectosages, who were said to have been part of the invading army.
More than a century and a half past the alleged sack, Romans will rule the Gallia Narbonensis.
In 105 BC, while marching to Arausio, the Proconsul of Cisalpine Gaul Quintus Servilius Caepio plundered the sanctuaries of the town of Tolosa, whose inhabitants had joined the Cimbri, finding over 50,000 15 lb. bars of gold and 10,000 15 lb. bars of silver. The riches of Tolosa were shipped back to Rome, but only the silver made it: the gold was stolen by a band of marauders, who were believed to have been hired by Caepio himself and to have killed the legion guarding it. The Gold of Tolosa was never found, and was said to have been passed all the way down to the last heir of the Servilii Caepiones, Marcus Junius Brutus.
In 105 BC, Caepio refused to co-operate with his superior officer, Gnaeus Mallius Maximus, because he thought of him as a "novus homo", deciding by himself to engage in battle against the Cimbri, on the Rhone. There the Roman army suffered a crushing defeat and complete destruction, in the so-called Battle of Arausio (modern Orange).
Upon his return to Rome, Caepio was tried for "the loss of his Army" and embezzlement. He was convicted and given the harshest sentence allowable; he was stripped of his Roman citizenship, forbidden fire and water within eight hundred miles of Rome, fined 15,000 talents (about 825,000 lb) of gold, and forbidden from seeing or speaking to his friends or family until he had left for exile.
He spent the rest of his life exiled in Smyrna in Asia Minor. His defeat and the ensuing ruin were looked upon as a punishment for his sacrilege theft.
Strabo distances himself from this account, arguing that the defeated Gauls were in no position to carry off such spoils, and that, in any case, Delphi had already been despoiled of its treasure by the Phocians during the Third Sacred War in the previous century. However, Brennus' legendary pillage of Delphi is presented as fact by some popular modern historians.
After the Greek campaigns.
Most scholars have deemed the Greek campaign a disaster for the Celts. However, others claim that permanent occupation was not their aim, rather they were intent on plundering the riches of the Greeks - which they did. Moreover, although they were expelled from Greece, their power in southeastern Europe was not at an end.
Some of the survivors of the Greek campaign, led by Comontoris (one of Brennus' generals) settled in Thrace. In 277 BC Antigonus II Gonatas defeated the Gauls at the Battle of Lysimachia and the survivors retreated founding a short-lived city-state named Tyle. Another group of Gauls, who split off from Brennus' army in 281, were transported over to Asia Minor by Nicomedes I to help him defeat his brother and secure the throne of Bithynia. They eventually settled in the region that came to be named after them as Galatia. They were defeated by Antiochus I, and as a result, they were confined to barren highlands in the center of Anatolia.
Celtic groups were still the preeminent political units in the northern Balkans from the fourth to the 1st century BC. The "Boii" controlled most of northern Pannonia during the 2nd century BC, and are also mentioned to have occupied the territory of modern Slovakia. We learn of other tribes inhabiting Pannonia, belonging to the Boian confederation. There were the "Taurisci" in the upper Sava valley, west of Sisak, as well as the "Anarti", "Osi" and "Cotini" in the Carpathian basin. In the lower Sava valley, the "Scordisci" wielded much power over their neighbours for over a century.
The later half of the 1st century BC brought much change to the power relations of barbarian tribes in Pannonia. The defeat of the Boian confederation by the Geto-Dacian king Burebista significantly curtailed Celtic control of the Carpathian basin, and some of the Celticization was reversed. Yet, more Celtic tribes appear in sources. The Hercuniates and Latobici migrated from the northern regions (Germania). Altogether new tribes are encountered, bearing Latin names (such as the Arabiates), possibly representing new creations carved out of the defeated Boian confederation. To further weaken Celtic hegemony in Pannonia, the Romans moved the Pannonian-Illyrian "Azali" to northern Pannonia. The political dominance previously enjoyed by the Celts was overshadowed by newer barbarian confederations, such the Marcomanni and Iazyges. Their ethnic independence was gradually lost as they were absorbed by the surrounding Dacian, Illyrian and Germanic peoples, although Celtic names survive until the 3rd century AD.

</doc>
<doc id="18778184" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18778184" title="Andy Tillman">
Andy Tillman

Andrew Charles ("Andy") Tillman (born 1952) is one of the founders of the llama industry in the United States. He is an expert on llama and alpaca health, selective breeding, and marketing. Tillman is the co-founder of the International Llama Association, and he wrote the halter-class guidelines for the American Llama Show Association. His book, "Speechless Brothers", was the first comprehensive study of llama husbandry published in the United States.
Early life.
Tillman was born in 1952 and grew up on a ranch in Athena, Oregon. Tillman attended Willamette University, and then the University of Oregon where he majored in literature and philosophy, graduating with a bachelor's degree in 1974. After graduation, he worked for a summer at the Oakland Zoo in Oakland, California, where he got a close-up introduction to exotic animals. When he finished his summer job, Tillman returned to his family ranch, joined the American Association of Zoological Parks and Aquariums, and bought his first llamas. He called his business "Andes Llamas".
Llama breeder.
Tillman began raising llamas at his ranch near Athena in 1975. In 1978 he began publishing "The Llama Newsletter", the nation's first llama publication. In addition to providing general information on llama ownership, breeding, and health, the newsletter became a forum for sharing scientific research such as the study of camelid blood chemistry used to determine pregnancy, llama taxonomy and evolution, and the bonding effects of bottle feeding young animals. Tillman personally contributed to a number of the studies. As a result, the Agency for International Development invited Tillman to study llamas and alpacas in Peru. In 1980, Tillman completed the project. Based on his comprehensive study of several thousands Peruvian animals, he became known internationally as an expert on llama and alpaca husbandry. In 1981, Tillman used his experience as the basis for his book "Speechless Brothers". While the subject of llama ranching was new in North America, the book sold 14,000 copies. 
Tillman was a co-founder of the International Llama Association, and was the first president of the association. In 1986 he wrote the halter-class guidelines used by the American Llama Show Association to judge show animals. In 1988, he identified and described 130 physical characteristics of llama, alpaca, guanaco and vicuña. His scientific description of llamas and related species is still the most complete reference available.
In 1988, Tillman married Dr. Cheryl Lee Blake. Shortly after their marriage, they moved to Bend, Oregon to accommodate Dr. Tillman's veterinary practice. After settling there, Tillman changed the name of his business to "Tillman Llamas and Suri Alpacas" to reflect a second business area he was developing.
Businessman.
In 1996, Tillman imported the first huacaya alpacas into the United States along with the largest herd of colored suri alpacas ever brought into the country, a total of 182 animals. Because the animals came from Bolivia, the United States Department of Agriculture required the herd to be quarantined for three months at the Harry S. Truman Animal Import Center in Key West, Florida. Nevertheless, it was a profitable venture for Tillman. The next year, he exported one hundred llamas and alpacas from his ranch in Bend to Canadian buyers.
In 2007, Tillman sold his show champion llamas and alpacas and most of his breeding stock at an international auction held at the Indiana State Fair ground in Indianapolis, Indiana. Still interested in science, in 2006, Tillman sponsored a study of llama and alpaca fiber at Washington State University in Pullman, Washington. The study used a scanning electron microscope to identify and analyze the unique surface structure of llama and suri alpaca fibers. 
Today, Tillman is retired, retaining about forty animals on his ranch. He still writes about llama and alpaca husbandry, and is an editor for "Purely Suri" magazine.
Contrary to some speculation, Andy Tillman is no relation to the family of athlete and Army Ranger Pat Tillman.

</doc>
<doc id="18778189" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18778189" title="G-Dragon">
G-Dragon

Kwon Ji Yong (Korean: 권지용; born August 18, 1988), better known by his stage name G-Dragon (Korean: 지드래곤), is a South Korean rapper, singer, songwriter, dancer, lyricist, producer, model, endorser and fashion icon.
At the age of eight he was under contract at SM Entertainment, but he decided to change record labels. After 6 years as a trainee under the record label YG Entertainment, G-Dragon officially debuted as the leader and one of two rappers for the Korean group Big Bang. G-Dragon has been involved with writing, composing, and producing many of Big Bang's hit tracks, including "Lies", "Last Farewell", and "Haru Haru".
He released his debut solo album, "Heartbreaker" (2009), which yielded the number-one single of the same name. The album went on to become one of the most successful albums of the year, garnering sales of over 200,000 copies and winning the Mnet Asian Music Awards for Album of the Year. "Heartbreaker" also sparked major controversies for the artist, including accusations of plagiarism. After almost a year of hiatus, G-Dragon and bandmate, T.O.P collaborated to record and release the album "GD & TOP" (2010). The album saw the release of three singles: "High High," "Oh Yeah," and "Knock Out," all of which have charted within the top three positions of the Gaon chart, with "High High" becoming a chart-topper. In 2012, G-Dragon released his second solo album, "One of a Kind," with hit singles "One of a Kind," "Crayon," and "That XX." Recently in 2013, he released his second full album in four years "Coup D'Etat".
He is the only man selected as one of the "50 Reasons Why Seoul is the Best City" by CNN.
On April 2013, G-Dragon released a new song, '미치GO', through messaging app LINE. G-Dragon became the second member of Big Bang to make a solo debut in Japan after his bandmate Daesung's solo concert tour in February. G-Dragon embarked on his first worldwide tour as a solo artist, which included a four-dome tour in Japan. As of September 2013, he is promoting his album "Coup D'Etat".
Life and Career.
1988–2009: Early life and debut with Big Bang.
Born and raised in Seoul, South Korea, Kwon Jiyong began his career at the age of 5 as part of the group Little Lula. After releasing a Christmas album, the group's contract was terminated by their record company, to which Kwon described as "shockAlthough he vowed to his mother that he "wouldn't do it [becoming a singer again," Kwon Jiyong was scouted by SM Entertainment while on a ski trip with his family. He was a trainee under the record label for five years (8–13 years old), specializing in dance before he left as he was unclear about what he wanted to do.
In third grade, Jiyong was introduced to the American rap group Wu-Tang Clan by a friend. Inspired by their music, he developed an interest in rapping and began taking classes. Under People Crew's tutelage, he participated in the release of the Korean hip-hop "Flex" album in 2001, becoming the youngest Korean rapper at just 13 years old. Although he wrote his own lyrics for the song, he admitted that his English was weak and the story behind the lyrics actually meant "I'm young, but I'm the best." Kwon Jiyong caught the interest of Sean of the hip-hop duo Jinusean from YG Entertainment, who later recommended him to CEO Yang Hyun Suk. After signing a contract with the record label. Kwon Jiyong spent the first year cleaning the studio for the other artists in the record label and fetching them water bottles during dance practice. He and another trainee Dong Young-bae, originally planned to debut as the hip-hop duo GDYB, with him choosing the stage name of G-Dragon ("Ji" is pronounced like "G", and Yong is Korean for Dragon). After six years of training, Kwon made several featured appearances on other artists' albums and even released several singles with Dong Young-bae under the name "GDYB". G-Dragon made his official debut as the leader of the group Big Bang in 2006, after six years of training under YG Entertainment, with Dong Youngbae (who chose the stage-name Taeyang) and three other members (T.O.P, Daesung, Seungri).
The formation of the group was documented on television, and though there were initially six members, one was dropped before the official debut. The group's debut was fairly successful, with their first single netting in sales of over 40,000 copies. It spawned several airplay singles, including "La La La", "We Belong Together" and "Forever with You" which featured label-mate Park Bom. The album also included G-Dragon's first solo song, a cover of the American alternative rock group Maroon 5's single "This Love". Following the release of the group's mini-album "Always" in 2007, G-Dragon began to involve himself more with the production of their albums. "Always" featured several songs composed by him, including the lead-single "Lies" (Korean: 거짓말; Revised Romanization: "Geojitmal"), which became the group's first number-one hit. Their following mini-albums followed its predecessor's footsteps: "Hot Issue" yielded "Last Farewell" (Korean: 마지막 인사; Revised Romanization: "Majimak Insa") while "Stand Up" spawned "Day by Day" (Korean: 하루하루; Revised Romanization: "Haru Haru"); both singles, which were composed by him were chart-toppers.
2009–present: Solo, career development, World Tour, Japanese Debut and 2nd album "Coup d'etat".
Aside from Big Bang, G-Dragon also made several solo appearances. After helping produce Taeyang's debut album, he recorded his own version of the album's lead single "Only Look At Me" (Korean: 나만바라봐; Revised Romanization: "Naman Barabwa"), titled as the "Only Look At Me Part 2" to the song. The single was released digitally. Along with Taeyang and T.O.P., G-Dragon was featured on singer Lexy's song "Super Fly" for her album "Rush". In May 2009, he collaborated with the Japanese boy band W-inds. for their single, "Rain Is Fallin'/Hybrid Dream."
After Taeyang released his solo effort, G-Dragon released his debut solo album "Heartbreaker", featuring collaborations with several artists, including Teddy of 1TYM, Taeyang, Kush, CL of 2NE1, and Sandara Park of 2NE1.
Initially scheduled to be released in April, the album was pushed back to August to coincide with his 21st (Korean years: 22nd) birthday. The album marked a change in G-Dragon's appearances as he dyed his hair blonde to match its concept. Propelled by its lead-single of the same name, an electronic pop song, the album sold over 200,000 copies and went on to win Album of the Year from the 2009 Mnet Asian Music Awards. The second single, "Breathe", manage to chart within the Top Twenty while his other songs — "The Leaders", "A Boy", "Hello", and "She's Gone" — went on to top various charts upon their release. Shortly after "Heartbreaker"'s release, G-Dragon was accused of plagiarism by Sony Music when his tracks "Heartbreaker" and "Butterfly" were alleged to be similar to Flo Rida's "Right Round" and Oasis's "She's Electric", respectively. However, EMI, the record label that distributed "Right Round" said that they saw no similarities between these two songs. On March 6, 2010, YG Entertainment announced that they personally contacted Flo Rida's representatives requesting that he feature in G-Dragon's live album, "Shine a Light", to which Flo Rida accepted.
In support of his album, G-Dragon staged his first solo concert at the Olympic Park in December 2009. Entitled Shine a Light, the name of the concert was derived from the lyrics to his song "A Boy". The concert subsequently sparked controversy following complaints of obscenity and suggestive content. The Korean Ministry of Health, Welfare and Family Affairs later asked the government prosecutors to investigate if G-Dragon or YG Entertainment violated laws on obscene performances in his concert. He was found innocent and was cleared of all charges on March 15, 2010.
In November 2010, YG Entertainment announced the collaboration album from G-Dragon and bandmate T.O.P. Preceding the release of the album, the duo held a world-wide premiere showcase for their album at Times Square in Yeongdeungpo of Seoul, South Korea, which was also broadcast live on YouTube. To promote their album, the duo released three singles: "High High," "Oh Yeah," and "Knock Out." All three singles preceded the release of the album. The singles attained commercial successes: "High High" was a chartopper while "Oh Yeah" and "Knock Out" both peaked at number two and number three respectively. The album was released on Christmas Eve, and debuted at number one on the Gaon Chart with pre-orders of 200,000 copies., eventually topping 130,000 copies sold.
With a collaboration with Park Myung Soo, they created a duo called GG for the Infinite Challenge Seohae Ahn Highway Song Festival 2011. They released their song 'Fired Up(바람났어)' featuring Park Bom from 2NE1 on June 2, 2011, which became an 'All Kill' on various Korean music charts.
It was announced in March 2012 that G-Dragon's solo comeback would be scheduled in the later half of the year, probably in August and sometime near his birthday. G-Dragon also featured in English artist Pixie Lott's upcoming Japanese album, along with fellow member T.O.P.
G-Dragon released the music video for his song "One Of A Kind" from the album of the same name on August 24, 2012 on YouTube. The song later earned him two "Best Hiphop / Rap Song of the Year" awards from Korean Music Awards and Rhythmer Awards. On September 1, G-Dragon released his first single "That XX". The song topped music charts immediately after release and eventually achieved "perfect all-kill" status. His mini-album One of a Kind was released on September 15 digitally and on September 18 physically. Upon release, the album was an immediate success in South Korea. All of the tracks occupied the top positions on all major music charts. The album also places first on the Billboard World Album Chart and entered the Billboard 200 Chart at 161 for the week. As of the end of 2012, the album has sold over 200,000 copies, making it the highest selling solo album in Korea since the release of Heartbreaker in 2009, also by G-Dragon.
On November 30, 2012, he won as "Best Male Solo Artist" at the 14th Mnet Asian Music Awards. On January 31, 2013, he also won "Record of the Year" award for "One Of A Kind" at the 22nd Seoul Music Awards.
In January 2013, he was the first Korean solo Artist to embark 4 dome tour in Japan (When before replace the 3 dome tour in March) and the 1st Solo World Tour. As the beginning, the first run in Seoul starts on March 30, 2013. Japan shows started in April, and more cities were added on later dates as they were confirmed. This tour is known as G-Dragon 2013 1st World Tour.
In April 1, 2013, YGEX announced he will release a second solo album on August 14. YGEX further announced that Grammy Award-winning musician Missy Elliott will be featured on the album. Elliott previously announced in January 2013 via Twitter that she had contributed two tracks ("Chugalug," "Niliria") both of which were produced by Teddy P.
His newest album is titled ""Coup D'état"". It was released in 2 parts online, on September 2 and September 5, with the full album being released September 13 featuring 2 songs that will be album only. "Coup D'etat" featured collaborations with a star-studded list of artists and producers which included Missy Elliott, Diplo, Baauer, Boys Noize, Sky Ferreira, Siriusmo, Zion.T, Lydia Paek, and label-mate Jennie Kim. G-Dragon and Missy Elliott performed their song "Niliria" at the KCON 2013 in LA. Tracks from "Coup D'etat" topped major Korean music sites such as "Melon", "Mnet", "Bugs", "Naver", and "Olleh". A total of seven tracks were placed from one to seven on the "Mnet" charts upon release, while six tracks from "Coup D'etat" were also placed within the top 10 of the "Gaon" Singles Charts with "Who You?" being number one. The album also topped the iTunes charts in several countries. The music video for "Coup D'Etat" was released on YouTube on September 1 while the music video for "Crooked" was released shortly after, on September 4.
On October 24, 2013, G-Dragon at 2013 SIA won the Style Icon Top 10. In the end, he won the 2013 Style Icon of the Year Award. As the voting statistics, the vote percentage is 3.2%, and placed on the 1st. He is the youngest and the first singer to win the award.
He also made a song for Infinite Challenge music contest which is held on 17 October in Imjingak. He produced a song which is named 'Haebolago' meaning try to do something with Jeong Hyeong-don.
On November 22, 2013, he won total 4 awards at the 15th Mnet Asian Music Awards, include "Best Male Solo Artist", "Best music video" for "Coup D'etat", "Best dance performance" for "Crooked", and the highest award "Artist of The Year". He's the first solo act to win "Artist of The Year" award.
Image and Artistry.
The right kind of music is not made once the artist feels that music is work. When one is working on music, performing or just having fun, ... it directly influences the music ... The more I work, the more I feel like I'm learning and maturing at the same time. —G-Dragon
Public Image.
Described as the "most fashionable" one in his group, G-Dragon's role in influencing fashion trends in South Korea have garnered him awards such as the "Style Icon of 2008" and the award for "Most Influential Men of 2008" sponsored by "Arena" magazine. Fashion icon Kang Dong Won has also acknowledged G-Dragon's influences, calling him a "fashionista."
While promoting "Heartbreaker", his change in hairstyle from dying it to blonde gained popularity among his fans and became one of the top hairstyles of the year. Additionally, his constant sporting of triangular scarves became a trend among teenagers and were later nicknamed the "Big Bang scarves."
Despite his influences, G-Dragon has admitted to being self-conscious of his role as a musician, noting how he had "changed many things including the tone of my voice because I was conscious about my job when I was in front of others." Aware that his public image is important when promoting his materials, G-Dragon notes that "what the public perceives of physical appearance is my doing so it's my fault if I give off the wrong intention." He also strongly opposes the idea of singers as "products" of the entertainment industry.
On October 5, 2011, it was reported that G-Dragon was tested positive for marijuana. His urine test came back negative but a weak positive for marijuana was detected from testing the content of his hair. The tests were done in early June and the results came back in August. As it was a first offense with a minuscule amount, it resulted in an indictment and he was not charged. He allegedly accepted an offered cigarette from a fan in Japan during a party back in May. He was the only one at the party who was later tipped off to Korean authorities. He confessed that he smoked the cigarette that was offered to him, but after realizing it was not a normal cigarette, he threw it away.
The scandal caused a halt to his promotions, and YG Entertainment issued a statement that he was being given time to reflect on his mistake. Because he was not charged, he did not lose any endorsers and later made his first public appearance after the scandal at the 2011 MTV EMAs with his group Big Bang.
Musical style, lyrics and composition.
Inspired by music by the Wu-Tang Clan, G-Dragon participated in the annual hip hop "Flex" album in 2001 at the age of 12, establishing his career as an artist. During the early days of Big Bang's career, the band was marketed predominately as a hip-hop group, though they went on to experiment with electronic music and setting it as the new music trend in Korea. From previous exposure to a range of genres with Big Bang, G-Dragon incorporated a mix of dance, hip-hop, and R&B songs into "Heartbreaker". During the production for the collaboration album "GD & TOP", G-dragon opted for a more hip-hop sound, though he does acknowledge that R&B, acoustic, and electronic music heavily influenced it.
Since becoming a solo artist, G-Dragon has maintained tight control over his music, stating that "each feeling creating the music is different," using his emotions to direct the lyrical content and the composition of his songs. In attempts to distinguish himself from other artists and composer, G-Dragon admits to "giving twist and turn at every corner and evoking different story" with each part of his music, acknowledging that although the chorus is the catchiest part of the song, he wants all the parts to his song to be remembered. Prior to his establishment as a solo artist, he was also involved with the production of Big Bang's albums, writing and composing majority of their songs.
G-Dragon's contributions to his own music have garnered him praises and criticism alike. Preferring to pen lyrics that "sound like an actual story", the "Korea Times" have praised him as a "genius singer-songwriter", though the rapper has expressed being uncomfortable with the label. His effort to create melodies won him praises as one of the best composers of 2008, with many pop culture critics and industry representatives choosing him as the "musician whose future they anticipate the most." His rap lyrics have also placed him fourth during a vote for "Most God-like" rapper in Japan. The rapper also topped "Forbes" listing of "Most Hardworking Idol", and made into its list "Korea 2030 Power Leaders." 

</doc>
<doc id="18778197" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18778197" title="Dance Music Report">
Dance Music Report

Dance Music Report, initially Disco News and later DMR, was a biweekly U.S. trade magazine oriented toward nightclub and radio DJs in the dance music industry. The magazine was first published in September 1978, changed its name from "Disco News" to "Dance Music Report" in 1979, and folded in 1992.
The owner of the magazine and its copyright was Disco News, Inc., based in New York City. The magazine was started as a tip sheet by Tom Silverman (who later founded Tommy Boy Records) and two of his college friends, Scott Anderson and Steve Singer, who all lived together in an apartment/office. The magazine was sold mostly through subscriptions, but in its later years was sold in bulk through record stores. The first editors were Silverman and Anderson, followed by Stephanie Shepherd for the last 10 years of its run.
"DMR" content included North American regional reporting on local music and happenings, retail and radio reports from around the U.S., record pool news, industry updates, an annual readers' poll, and year-end charts with BPMs.
One of "DMR"'s writers, Gary Hayslett, started a magazine called "Remix Service Authority", specializing in reviews of releases by remix services. After "DMR" folded, Hayslett's magazine was renamed to "Dance Music Authority" and its coverage was expanded to include the same kind of content as "DMR".
The annual New Music Seminar was launched in 1980 as a joint venture between "Dance Music Report" and "Rockpool" magazines.

</doc>
<doc id="18778198" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18778198" title="Herbert Allsopp">
Herbert Allsopp

The Hon. Captain Herbert Tongue Allsopp (5 December 1855 – 31 January 1920) was an English First Class cricketer who played for Cambridge University. 
Allsopp was the son of the brewer Henry Allsopp, 1st Baron Hindlip. He was educated at Cheltenham College, and Trinity Hall, Cambridge. He played five matches for Cambridge University in 1876, including the Varsity match which Cambridge won. His highest score of 22 came when playing for Cambridge University in the match against Gentlemen of England.
His best bowling of 3/15 came when playing for Cambridge University in the match against Marylebone Cricket Club. 
He played for MCC in 1877 and for Worcestershire County Cricket Club against MCC in 1880, but the matches were not given First Class status.
Allsopp joined the 10th Royal Hussars as a 2nd Lieutenant in 1877 and served with them in the Second Anglo-Afghan War, 1878-80. He was present at the attack and capture of Ali Musjed and took part in the engagement at Futtehabad. He was promoted to lieutenant in 1881 and took part in the Nile Expedition of 1884. He was present at the engagements at El Teb and Temai and was promoted to captain in 1887. He retired from the army in 1890 and was playing cricket for I Zingari. 
Allsop died at Walton Bury, Staffordshire at the age of 64. His brother Frederic Allsopp and his brother-in-law George Buckston also played First Class cricket.

</doc>
<doc id="18778219" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18778219" title="List of number-one Billboard Top Latin Albums of 2002">
List of number-one Billboard Top Latin Albums of 2002

The "Billboard" Top Latin albums chart, published in "Billboard" magazine, is a record chart that features Latin music sales information. This data are compiled by Nielsen SoundScan from a sample that includes music stores, music departments at electronics and department stores, internet sales (both physical and via digital downloads) and verifiable sales from concert venues in United States.
There were fifteen number-one albums in 2002, including "Libre" by Marc Anthony, which received a nomination for Best Salsa album at the Latin Grammy Awards of 2002, and "MTV Unplugged" by Alejandro Sanz—the winner of the Latin Grammy Award for Album of the Year. Spanish singer-songwriter Enrique Iglesias peaked at number one for the fifth time on this chart with "Quizás", while Colombian performer Shakira, Mexican norteño band Los Tigres del Norte, and rock band Maná released their third chart topper, respectively. Los Temerarios became the fourth act to release two number-one albums in the same year, after Selena, Enrique Iglesias and Grupo Bryndis. Intocable, Chayanne, Thalía, Las Ketchup, Banda el Recodo and Luis Fonsi peaked at number one for the first time.
One compilation album hit the top of this chart in 2002, "Las 30 Cumbias Más Pegadas", which includes performances by Angeles Azules, Grupo Carabo, Los Askis, Rayito Colombiano, Chon Arauza y La Furia Colombiana, Aaron y Su Grupo Illusion, Grupo Perla Colombiana and Tropa Vallenata.

</doc>
<doc id="18778278" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18778278" title="TV CPLP">
TV CPLP

TV CPLP is a proposed international TV station, to formed by the Community of Portuguese Language Countries with the support of UNESCO and the Portuguese Government.
All the programs are to be in the Portuguese language.
It will be formed by 8 national TV stations:[http://www.asemana.cv/article.php3?id_article=22867]

</doc>
<doc id="18778287" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18778287" title="Brookesia peyrierasi">
Brookesia peyrierasi

Brookesia peyrierasi is a diminutive chameleon from north-eastern Madagascar. It is known commonly as Peyrieras' pygmy chameleon.
Similar species.
A 1999 paper in the "Journal of Zoology" disputed a 1995 paper which considered this species and "B. tuberculata" to be the same species as "B. minima". The later paper discussed the same details as the first – subtle morphological differences in the hemipenises of the respective species and determined they were not conspecific. They also found differences in the arrangement of head crests and in minute spines above the eyes.

</doc>
<doc id="18778373" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18778373" title="Thomas Allsopp">
Thomas Allsopp

Thomas Allsopp (18 December 1880 – 7 March 1919) was an English first class cricketer who played First Class cricket for Leicestershire County Cricket Club and Marylebone Cricket Club. His highest score of 32 came when playing for Leicestershire in the match against Hampshire County Cricket Club. His best bowling of 6/85 came when playing for Leicestershire in the match against London County.
He also played 27 Minor Counties Championship games for Norfolk.
He also played 2 matches for Norfolk against Essex second XI team.

</doc>
<doc id="18778395" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18778395" title="Mount d'Ambre leaf chameleon">
Mount d'Ambre leaf chameleon

The Mount d'Ambre leaf chameleon (Brookesia tuberculata) is a diminutive chameleon from far northern Madagascar.
Similar species.
A 1999 paper in the "Journal of Zoology" disputed a 1995 paper which considered this species and "B. peyrierasi" to be the same species as "B. minima". The later paper discussed the same details as the first – subtle morphological differences in the hemipenises of the respective species and determined they were not conspecific. They also found differences in the arrangement of head crests and in minute spines above the eyes.

</doc>
<doc id="18778405" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18778405" title="We Can Breathe in Space, They Just Don't Want Us to Escape">
We Can Breathe in Space, They Just Don't Want Us to Escape

"We Can Breathe in Space, They Just Don't Want Us to Escape", is a song by the band Enter Shikari. The release of the single is the only release of Enter Shikari in 2008. The single was not released on the band's album, "Common Dreads", in 2009, as it was decided by the band that it would be a "go-between" "Take to the Skies" and "Common Dreads".
The song was originally demoed by the band in 2006. The reason of the re-recording was because of many requests from fans to have this song re-recorded. It is also noted that it became popular amongst fans due to P2P and File sharing sites.
The single was released digitally on November 2, 2008, with the physical formats to be released on November 3, 2008. All physical formats are limited to 1000 copies.
Music video.
The music video features the band performing the song wrapped up in tinfoil suits. The video was shot on location in The 'Low, St Albans (the back of Chris Batten's house) and was directed by Alex Smith who also directed the video for Jonny Sniper and Anything Can Happen in the Next Half Hour.

</doc>
<doc id="18778433" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18778433" title="St. Mark Coptic Orthodox Church (Englewood, Colorado)">
St. Mark Coptic Orthodox Church (Englewood, Colorado)

St Mark Coptic Orthodox Church (Coptic: // transliteration: "ti.eklyseya en.remenkimi en.orthodoxos ente fi.ethowab Markos") is one of the oldest Coptic Orthodox parishes that was established in North America. It is one of over 200 Coptic Orthodox Churches in the US.
History of the Church.
St. Mark's Coptic Orthodox Church in Englewood, Colorado was founded as one of the first four Coptic Orthodox parishes in the United States and was incorporated in December of 1971, with about 50 families at the time. As Pope Shenouda III was enthroned as the Coptic Pope on November 14 of that same year, this was the first Coptic church that was founded under the papacy of Pope Shenouda, who died 17 March 2012.
Pope Cyril VI, Shenouda's predecessor, founded the first four churches in North America. The first two parishes that were established in the US specifically were St. Mark's Church in Jersey City and St. Mark's Church in LA.
The late Father Bishoy Kamel, who is widely known as a prominent Copt in the modern era, helped found the church in Denver during its early years. As a matter of fact, Fr. Bishoy Kamel helped found St. Mark's Church in LA, as well as several other parishes and buildings throughout Egypt, the United States, Europe and Australia.
The current building was consecrated in October 1989 by Pope Shenouda on his second visit (the first one being in 1977), the same year where the Pope visited every Coptic parish in the US and Canada.
The church was served by more than one temporary priest over the years. Fr. Angelos Habib Boghdadi served the parish in its early years, as well as several other Coptic Churches throughout the States over many years. Fr. Boghdadi, however, is currently the priest of St. George Church in Tampa, Florida. There were several priests afterwards until Fr. Yacob Soliman eventually became permanent priest in 2004, a position of which he holds as the incubant.
At this point, St. Mark's Church remains as the only Coptic church in Colorado There are currently more than 100 Coptic families served by St. Mark's Church.

</doc>
<doc id="18778444" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18778444" title="Simon Almaer">
Simon Almaer

Simon Ashley Almaer (born 12 July 1969) is an English first-class cricketer who has played for Oxford University Cricket Club. His highest score of 67 came when playing for Oxford University against Lancashire County Cricket Club.
He also played in a match for the USA against Canada in an non-first-class match.

</doc>
<doc id="18778457" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18778457" title="Soum, Boulkiemdé">
Soum, Boulkiemdé

Soum, Boulkiemdé is a town in the Nanoro Department of Boulkiemdé Province in central western Burkina Faso. It has a population of 2,392.

</doc>
<doc id="18778462" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18778462" title="Simidin">
Simidin

Simidin is a village in the Nanoro Department of Boulkiemdé Province in central western Burkina Faso. It has a population of 925.

</doc>
<doc id="18778463" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18778463" title="Projectline">
Projectline

Projectline Services, Inc. was founded in 2003 by Mike Kichline, who was joined by co-owners and corporate officers Anika Lehde and David Jones in May 2004. Projectline is headquartered in Seattle, Washington, with offices in Bellevue, WA and London.
Services.
According to its website, Projectline provides marketing consulting and project management to global high tech firms. They specialize in product validation programs, customer advisory boards, customer testimonials, customer reference programs, marketing operations, business intelligence, and strategic marketing consulting.
Philosophy.
Projectline is known for an open, entrepreneurial, and informal work environment supported by telecommuting and flex time. Projectline employees volunteer together each month for a Northwest cause and loan to three global small businesses each month through Kiva.
Awards & Industry Recognition.
Projectline has earned a reputation as one of the Pacific Northwest's leading small companies.
In 2007 and 2008 Projectline was named Best Small Business in Seattle by NWJobs, a Seattle Times Company. In 2009, Projectline was named one of Washington's Top 100 Companies to Work For by Seattle Business Monthly. 
In 2008, 2009, and 2010 Projectline was named one of Washington's Best Workplaces by the Puget Sound Business Journal.
Also in 2008, 2009, and 2010, Projectline was named to the Inc. Magazine list of the 5000 fastest growing companies in the United States.

</doc>
<doc id="18778480" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18778480" title="Galle Trilingual Inscription">
Galle Trilingual Inscription

The Galle Trilingual Inscription is a stone tablet inscription in three languages, Chinese, Tamil and Persian, that was erected in 1409 in Galle, Sri Lanka to commemorate the second visit to the island by the Chinese admiral Zheng He. The text concerns offerings made by him and others to the Buddhist temple on Adams Peak, a Mountain in Sri Lanka, the Islamic god Allah and the God of Tamils Tenavarai Nayanar. The admiral invoked the blessings of Hindu deities here for a peaceful world built on trade. The stele was discovered in Galle in 1911 and is now preserved in the Colombo National Museum. 
On his third voyage, Zheng He sailed from China in 1409, and carried with him the trilingual tablet which he planned to erect in Sri Lanka. The date equates to 15 February 1409, indicating that it was inscribed in Nanjing before the fleet set out. The Chinese portion gives praise to Buddha and records lavish offerings in his honour. 
The tablet was found by an engineer, S. H. Thomlin, in 1911 in Galle. It can now be seen in the national museum in Sri Lanka. A modern replica of the stele has been installed in the Treasure Boat Shipyard Park in Nanjing, along with copies of other steles associated with the voyages of Zheng He.
Offerings.
1,000 pieces of gold; 5,000 pieces of silver; 50 rolls of embroidered silk in many colours; 50 rolls of silk taffeta, in many colours; 4 pairs of jewelled banners, gold embroidered and of variegated silk, 2 pairs of the same picked in red, one pair of the same in yellow, one pair in black; 5 antique brass incense burners; 5 pairs of antique brass flower vases picked in gold on lacquer, with gold stands; 5 yellow brass lamps picked in gold on lacquer with gold stands; 5 incense vessels in vermilion red, gold picked on lacquer, with gold stands; 6 pairs of golden lotus flowers; 2,500 catties of scented oil; 10 pairs of wax candles; 10 sticks of fragrant incense.

</doc>
<doc id="18778489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18778489" title="Tatiana Sorokko">
Tatiana Sorokko

Tatiana Sorokko (born 26 December 1971) is a Russian-born American model, fashion journalist and haute couture collector. She walked the runways for the world's most prominent designers and fashion houses, appeared on covers of leading fashion magazines, and became the first Russian model of the post-Soviet period to gain international recognition. After modeling, Sorokko worked as contributing editor for such publications as "Vogue", "Vanity Fair" and "Harper's Bazaar". Her distinct personal style and her private collection of historically important haute couture clothing were subjects of museum exhibitions in Russia and the U.S.
Early life.
Raised the daughter of nuclear physicists, she grew up in Arzamas-16 (now Sarov), a "closed town" and a top-secret nuclear research community in the Soviet Union, and was expected to pursue a career in science. In 1989, at the age of eighteen, when Sorokko was studying to be a physicist at the Moscow Institute of Physics and Technology, she was discovered by Parisian modeling agent Marilyn Gauthier, owner of Marilyn Model Agency, and invited to Paris.
Career.
Encouraged by Gauthier, Tatiana moved to Paris in 1990 and quickly exploded into the international fashion world. Within two weeks she walked the runways for Dior and Yves Saint Laurent and was photographed for "Harper's Bazaar" by the influential French photographer Guy Bourdin. The 5 ft 11 in (180 cm) blue-eyed Sorokko has modeled for Dior, Givenchy, Chanel, Lanvin, Yves Saint Laurent, Christian Lacroix, Gianfranco Ferré, Claude Montana, Jean Paul Gaultier, Alexander McQueen, Comme des Garçons, Issey Miyake, Yohji Yamamoto, Giorgio Armani, Gianni Versace, Roberto Cavalli, Prada, Calvin Klein, Vivienne Westwood, Chado Ralph Rucci, Marc Jacobs, Michael Kors, Bill Blass, Ralph Lauren, Oscar de la Renta and Donna Karan, among other leading designers and brands. She was also frequently photographed for editorials and covers of European and American magazines such as "Harper's Bazaar", "Vogue", "W", "Elle", Glamour, and "Cosmopolitan". 
In 1992, when Tatiana and her husband, Serge Sorokko, moved to California, she focused her energy on career opportunities in the United States. Already well known by major fashion designers and editors, her career took off in America as quickly as it did in Europe. Aside from her modeling engagements all over the globe, Sorokko continued her education at the Academy of Art University, in San Francisco, where she studied History of Fashion. She appeared on the cover of "Runway", a book of fashion photographs by Larry Fink, and was featured opposite Brad Pitt in a commercial for "Acura Integra". In 1994 she made a brief appearance in Robert Altman' s movie "Prêt-à-Porter". Sorokko is also a subject of a book, published in Moscow, "Russian Models," by Ekaterina Vasilyeva, which credited her as the first widely recognized Russian model to emerge after perestroika.
With the publication of the December 2001 issue of the Russian edition of "Vogue," Sorokko, who is fluent in both Russian and English, embarked on a new career as its Foreign Correspondent and Contributing Editor. As author of "Telegram from Tatiana Sorokko," a popular monthly column of fashion and style commentary, she covered a wide range of hot topics and personalities. Among numerous subjects of Sorokko's stories, drawn from her first-hand experiences, were fashion and design luminaries such as Gianfranco Ferré, Ralph Rucci, Andrée Putman, Manolo Blahnik, Yohji Yamamoto, Philip Treacy, Richard Avedon, and Herb Ritts, to name a few. Her last "Telegram" was published in the December 2004 issue of "Vogue". In the early 2000s, Sorokko also contributed to the Italian "Vanity Fair", for whom she produced and styled photo shoots with prominent personalities, including actor Peter Coyote and author Isabel Allende, to name a few.
In January 2005, Sorokko began work as Contributing Editor for American "Harper's Bazaar". Among many notable personalities, Sorokko interviewed Kateryna Yushchenko, American wife of the Ukrainian President, for the September 2005 issue, and, for the August 2008 issue, Speaker of the House, Nancy Pelosi. 
She has styled shoots featuring Elizabeth Taylor, Joan Collins and Linda Evans, Donatella Versace and daughter, Allegra Beck, fashion designer Andrew Gn and Tod's founder, Diego Della Valle, Republican Presidential Nominee, Senator John McCain and wife Cindy McCain, Wolfgang Puck and his wife, accessories designer Gelila Assefa, and Ralph Lauren in Moscow, among others. 
In 2009, she was listed in the Moscow edition of "Time Out" magazine among the extraordinary "50 People and Things that are Moscow's Gift to the World."
Other projects.
In 2004, Sorokko was invited to perform with the Russian National Orchestra, on tour in the United States, and she was the narrator at the Wind Quintet's debut performance of Jean-Pascal Beintus' "Wolf Tracks", at the Phillips Collection in Washington, D.C. In its review of the performance, "The Washington Post" reported "watching a tall blond supermodel win all the Wolf Tracks applause."
Sorokko is an avid collector of haute couture and antique jewelry, and has frequently donated or loaned pieces from her collection to various museums, including the Metropolitan Museum of Art in New York, the Museum at the Fashion Institute of Technology, in New York, the de Young Museum and the California Palace of the Legion of Honor, in San Francisco, and the Phoenix Art Museum, among others.
Sorokko is often invited to speak on the subjects of fashion and style, and her engagements have been with the Fine Arts Museums of San Francisco, the Phoenix Art Museum and the San Francisco Academy of Art University. She has also been a featured guest on "The Martha Stewart Show" a number of times, discussing a wide range of topics, from cooking to fashion and collecting couture.
Museum exhibitions.
In April 2010 the Russian Fashion Museum in Moscow honored Sorokko with a large scale exhibition, "Extending the Runway: Tatiana Sorokko Style". The show featured a collection of over eighty garments and accessories from Sorokko’s personal, largely haute couture wardrobe. A hard cover book by the same name was published to accompany the exhibition and included a foreword by "Harper’s Bazaar" editor Glenda Bailey and essays by fashion designer Ralph Rucci, photographer Marco Glaviano, and exhibition curator Dennita Sewell. The show was supported by the Ministry of Culture of the Russian Federation. It was widely covered in the Russian media and hailed as the "most glamorous event in the life of the capital."
In September 2010 "Extending the Runway: Tatiana Sorokko Style" exhibition traveled from Moscow to the United States and made its U.S. debut at the Phoenix Art Museum. Both exhibitions showcased works from the early 20th century through the beginning of the 21st century, by renowned designers and fashion houses such as Mariano Fortuny, Jeanne Paquin, Jeanne Lanvin, Grès, Pierre Balmain, Jean Patou, Balenciaga, Emanuel Ungaro, Azzedine Alaia, Jean Paul Gaultier, Gianfranco Ferré, Vivienne Westwood, Comme des Garçons, Yohji Yamamoto, Halston, James Galanos, and Chado Ralph Rucci, among others. 
During Sorokko's extensive modeling career, she has met and befriended many of the designers represented in the exhibition. She also became a private client for quite a few of them, most notably Ralph Rucci, and the show, according to FIT Museum director Valerie Steele, included "lots of beautiful Ralph Rucci". Many of the haute couture gowns on display boasted luxurious sequin and metallic thread embroideries, and hand-burnt ostrich feathers, while others, according to the "Financial Times", were "covered with pearls," or elaborately embroidered with beads by artisans of the French house of Lesage. The exhibition also featured Sorokko's collection of rare Hermès bags in exotic skins, as well as unique pieces of jewelry by the illustrious Venetian jewellery house, Codognato. The show opened to the public on 16 September 2010 and was on display through 2 January 2011.
To mark the opening of the exhibition and release of the accompanying hard cover catalog, private book signing parties have been hosted by Bulgari in San Francisco and Beverly Hills, and Roger Vivier in Paris and New York. The events were packed with fashion insiders, who snapped up more than three hundred autographed copies of the book at the San Francisco party alone.
Personal style.
Sorokko's distinct personal style has earned her a reputation as a "style icon" and fashion visionary, but it was "Vogue" that over a decade ago, first recognized her style's influence on fashion and touted Sorokko as an "eagle-eyed iconoclast," a "reluctant trend-setter",and a "fad-making model." 
Among the trends she has been credited for starting or popularizing, are the widespread today vintage clothing and "skull" jewelry, particularly that of the cult Italian designer Attilio Codognato, whose memento mori jewelry she has been wearing and championing since the early 1990s. According to "Style.com", Sorokko's style can at times be "subversive ... I'm wearing my blouse upside down and backward", she told the reporter, referring to her Yves Saint Laurent haute couture blouse. On another occasion, Sorokko was asked by Jim Shi of the "Daily Front Row" about the oversized Donna Karan coat she was wearing. “This is her trench from the last collection”, she informed him. “You may not recognize it because I am wearing it inside out. You know me – wearing it the normal way would be too ordinary.” More often, however, Sorokko's style is described as "timeless". "Tatiana's timeless wardrobe reflects her individual point of view," fashion curator Dennita Sewell told "ArtDaily". Her "inborn sense of style and extensive modeling experience shape her selections which transcend current fashion trends." According to Glenda Bailey, "Tatiana is an icon for the way she looks in fashion, but also for the way she looks at fashion. It makes her a great fashion collaborator." Ralph Rucci agrees: “Tatiana's style is not only flawless, it is also highly influential. She has absolutely inspired me.”
Sorokko was named in 2000 to the International "100 Best Dressed" list by American "Vogue", and in 2007 to the "Best Dressed Women of All Time" list by "Harper's Bazaar" in its 140th anniversary issue. She made "Bazaar's" yearly Best Dressed list again continuously from 2008 to 2013.
Personal life.
In 1992, Tatiana married Serge Sorokko, a real estate developer and art collector turned art dealer, with galleries in San Francisco, New York and Beverly Hills. The couple reside in the San Francisco Bay Area. She has one stepdaughter.

</doc>
<doc id="18778495" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18778495" title="Omega Cop">
Omega Cop

Omega Cop is a 1990 film starring Adam West, Ronald L. Marchini, Stuart Whitman, and Troy Donahue. It was also released under the title "John Travis: Solar Survivor". This film was also written and produced by Ronald L. Marchini, and executive-produced by his wife, Jo Anne Marchini. Omega Cop was followed by a sequel, Karate Cop.
Plot.
An environmental holocaust, which happened because the sun created an onslaught of solar flares made up of red-hot, radiation ridden plasma that nearly destroyed Earth. This left the atmosphere ridden with solar radiation and increased the global temperature greatly. Because of this catastrophe, it leaves almost every human on earth dead, devastates the environment, and collapses all of society and the global economy. Crime rates have drastically increased, and the few human beings left have decided to fend for themselves, therefore, much of the world, including America, have become totalitarian governments. The people in control are gangs of rampaging marauders. In post-apocalyptic America, the once sovereign society has become a corrupt, crime ridden totalitarian wasteland. The few remaining citizens are either hiding in devastated urban areas or are in control of by a series of gangs that now rule the cities with an iron fist. John Travis (Ron Marchini), an undercover cop and three fellow policemen are out on patrol when they come upon a female sex slave auction. The four slip unnoticed into the encampment, taking positions surrounding the auction site. A chaotic gunfight ensues in which the three cops are ruthlessly gunned down, leaving Travis alone to fend off the attackers. Travis is outgunned and outmanned, and forced to withdraw from the action. As Travis makes his escape, a solar flare is observed erupting. Travis tries to return to base, but is told by a fellow cop named Prescott (Adam West) that he cannot be allowed to do this, as he went through the solar flare's radiation, and to return would risk contamination of others. When a solar flare occurs, those left outside become infected, while those in shelter do not. Some of the infected become psychotic killers. Travis returns to the city, where he chances to meet three young women, who rely on him for protection. Travis tries to help them escape from the city. The head thug from the auction who killed the cops is looking for Travis, but at the same time, Travis is looking for revenge. While trying to get the women to the safety of police headquarters, the station is attacked by the solar flare infected killers. The station is overrun, and Travis blows it up as he escapes, narrowly avoiding the explosions and fireballs.

</doc>
<doc id="18778516" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18778516" title="Mauritania">
Mauritania

Mauritania ( '; Berber: Muritanya or Agawej; ; Soninke: "Murutaane"; Pulaar: "Moritani"), officially the Islamic Republic of Mauritania'", is a country in the Maghreb region of western North Africa. It is bordered by the Atlantic Ocean in the west, by Moroccan-controlled Western Sahara in the north, by Algeria in the northeast, by Mali in the east and southeast, and by Senegal in the southwest. It is named after the ancient Berber Kingdom of Mauretania, which existed long ago in the far north of modern-day Morocco. The capital and largest city of Mauritania is Nouakchott, located on the Atlantic coast.
The government of Mauritania was overthrown on 6 August 2008, in a military "coup d'état" led by General Mohamed Ould Abdel Aziz. On 16 April 2009, General Aziz resigned from the military to run for president in the 19 July elections, which he won.
In Mauritania about 20% of the population live on less than US$1.25 per day. Slavery in Mauritania has been called a major human rights issue, with over 150,000 people – proportionally the highest for any country – being enslaved against their will, especially enemies of the government. Higher estimates suggest 10% to 20% of the population (340,000 to 680,000 people) is enslaved. Additional human rights concerns practices in the country of female genital mutilation, child labour, and human trafficking.
History.
Ancient history.
The Bafours were primarily agriculturalist, and among the first Saharan people to abandon their historically nomadic lifestyle. With the gradual desiccation of the Sahara, they headed south. Many of the Berber tribes have claimed Yemeni (and sometimes other Arab) origin. There is little evidence to support such claims, but a 2000 DNA study of Yemeni people suggested there might be some ancient connection between the peoples.
Other peoples also migrated south past the Sahara to West Africa. In 1076, Moorish Islamic warrior monks (Almoravid or Al Murabitun) attacked and conquered the large area of the ancient Ghana Empire. Over the next 500 years, Arabs overcame fierce resistance from the local population (Berber and non-Berber alike) to dominate Mauritania. The Mauritanian Thirty-Year War (1644–74) was the unsuccessful final effort of the peoples to repel the Yemeni Maqil Arab invaders. The invaders were led by the Beni Hassan tribe.
The descendants of the Beni Hassan warriors became the upper stratum of Moorish society. Hassaniya, a Berber-influenced Arabic dialect that derives its name from the Beni Hassan, became the dominant language among the largely nomadic population.
Berbers retained a niche influence by producing the majority of the region's marabouts: those who preserve and teach Islamic tradition. The sub-Saharan black population was dominated by the other two ethnicities.
Modern history.
Imperial France gradually absorbed the territories of present-day Mauritania from the Senegal river area and upwards, starting in the late 19th century. In 1901, Xavier Coppolani took charge of the imperial mission. Through a combination of strategic alliances with Zawiya tribes, and military pressure on the Hassane warrior nomads, he managed to extend French rule over the Mauritanian emirates. Trarza, Brakna and Tagant quickly submitted to treaties with the colonial power (1903–04), but the northern emirate of Adrar held out longer, aided by the anti-colonial rebellion (or jihad) of shaykh Maa al-Aynayn. Adrar was finally defeated militarily in 1912, and incorporated into the territory of Mauritania, which had been drawn up in 1904. Mauritania was part of French West Africa from 1920.
French rule brought legal prohibitions against slavery, and an end to inter-clan warfare. During the colonial period, 90% of the population remained nomadic. Many sedentary peoples, whose ancestors had been expelled centuries earlier, began to trickle back into Mauritania. As the country gained independence in 1960, the capital city Nouakchott was founded at the site of a small colonial village, the Ksar.
With independence, larger numbers of indigenous Sub-Saharan African peoples (Haalpulaar, Soninke, and Wolof) entered Mauritania, moving into the area north of the Senegal River. Educated in French language and customs, many of these recent arrivals became clerks, soldiers, and administrators in the new state. This occurred as France militarily suppressed the most intransigent Hassane tribes of the Moorish north. This changed the former balance of power, and new conflicts arose between the southern populations and Moors. Between these groups stood the Haratin, a very large population of Arabized slaves of sub-Saharan African origins, who lived within Moorish society, integrated into a low-caste social position.
Modern-day slavery is still a common practice in Mauritania. According to some estimates, up to 600,000 Mauritanians, or 20% of the population, are still enslaved. A 2012 CNN report, "Slavery's Last Stronghold," by John D. Sutter, describes and documents the ongoing slave-owning cultures. This social discrimination is applied chiefly against the "black Moors" (Haratin) in the northern part of the country, where tribal elites among “white Moors” (Beidane) hold sway. Low-caste groups within the sub-Saharan African ethnic groups of the south are also sometimes enslaved. 
The great Sahel droughts of the early 1970s caused massive devastation in Mauritania, exacerbating problems of poverty and conflict. The Moors reacted to changing circumstances, and to Arab nationalist calls from abroad, by increasing pressure to Arabize many aspects of Mauritanian life, such as law and language. A schism developed between Moors who consider Mauritania to be an Arab country and others who seek a dominant role for the non-Moorish peoples. Various models for maintaining the country's cultural diversity being suggested, but none successfully implemented.
This ethnic discord was evident during inter-communal violence that broke out in April 1989 (the “1989 Events” and “Mauritania–Senegal Border War”), but has since subsided. Mauritania expelled some 70,000 sub-Saharan African Mauritanians in the late 1980s. Ethnic tensions and the sensitive issue of slavery – past and, in some areas, present – are still powerful themes in the country's political debate. A significant number from all groups seek a more diverse, pluralistic society.
Issue of Western Sahara.
Mauritania, along with Morocco, annexed the territory of Western Sahara in 1976, with Mauritania taking the lower one-third at the request of Spain, a former imperial power. After several military losses to the Polisario – heavily armed and supported by Algeria, the local hegemon and rival to Morocco – Mauritania withdrew in 1979. Its claims were taken over by Morocco.
Due to economic weakness, Mauritania has been a negligible player in the territorial dispute, with its official position being that it wishes for an expedient solution that is mutually agreeable to all parties. While most of Western Sahara has been occupied by Morocco, the UN still considers the Western Sahara a territory that needs to express its wishes with respect to statehood. A referendum is still supposed to be held sometime in the future, under UN auspices, to determine whether or not the indigenous Sahrawis wish to be independent, as the Sahrawi Arab Democratic Republic, or to be part of Morocco. The Moroccan government has thus far blocked such a referendum.
Administrations.
Ould Daddah era (1960–78).
Mauritania became an independent nation in November, 1960. In 1964 President Moktar Ould Daddah, originally installed by the French, formalized Mauritania as a one-party state with a new constitution, setting up an authoritarian presidential regime. Daddah's own Parti du Peuple Mauritanien (PPM) became the ruling organization in a single-party system. The President justified this on the grounds that Mauritania was not ready for western-style multi-party democracy. Under this one-party constitution, Daddah was reelected in uncontested elections in 1966, 1971 and 1976.
He was ousted in a bloodless coup on 10 July 1978. He had brought the country to near-collapse through a disastrous war to annex the southern part of Western Sahara, framed as an attempt to create a “Greater Mauritania”.
CMRN and CMSN military governments (1978–84).
Col. Mustafa Ould Salek's CMRN "junta" proved incapable of either establishing a strong base of power or extracting the country from its destabilizing conflict with the Sahrawi resistance movement, the Polisario Front. It quickly fell, to be replaced by another military government, the CMSN.
The energetic Colonel Mohamed Khouna Ould Haidallah soon emerged as its strongman. By giving up all claims to Western Sahara, he found peace with the Polisario and improved relations with its main backer, Algeria. But, relations with Morocco, the other party to the conflict, and its European ally France deteriorated. Instability continued, and Haidallah's ambitious reform attempts foundered. His regime was plagued by attempted coups and intrigue within the military establishment. It became increasingly contested due to his harsh and uncompromising measures against opponents; many dissidents were jailed, and some executed. In 1981 slavery was legally abolished, making Mauritania the last country in the world to do so.
Politics and recent history.
Ould Taya's rule (1984–2005).
In 1980, Haidallah was deposed by Colonel Maaouya Ould Sid'Ahmed Taya, who, while retaining tight military control, relaxed the political climate. Ould Taya moderated Mauritania's previous pro-Algerian stance, and re-established ties with Morocco during the late 1980s. He deepened these ties during the late 1990s and early 2000s as part of Mauritania's drive to attract support from Western states and Western-aligned Arab states. Mauritania has not rescinded its recognition of Polisario's Western Saharan exile government, and remains on good terms with Algeria. Its position on the Western Sahara conflict is, since the 1980s, one of strict neutrality.
Ordinance 83.127, enacted 5 June 1983, started the process of nationalization of all land not clearly the property of a documented owner, thus abolishing the traditional system of land tenure. Potential nationalization was based on the concept of "dead land", i.e., property which has not been developed or on which obvious development cannot be seen. A practical effect was government seizure of traditional communal grazing lands.
Political parties, illegal during the military period, were legalized again in 1991. By April 1992, as civilian rule returned, 16 major political parties had been recognized; 12 major political parties were active in 2004. The "Parti Républicain Démocratique et Social" (PRDS), formerly led by President Maaouya Ould Sid'Ahmed Taya, dominated Mauritanian politics after the country's first multi-party elections in April 1992, following the approval by referendum of the current constitution in July 1991. President Taya won elections in 1992 and 1997. Most opposition parties boycotted the first legislative election in 1992. For nearly a decade the parliament was dominated by the PRDS. The opposition participated in municipal elections in January–February 1994, and in subsequent Senate elections – most recently in April 2004 – and gained representation at the local level, as well as three seats in the Senate.
This period was marked by extensive ethnic violence and human rights abuses. Between 1990 and 1991, a campaign of particularly extreme violence took place against a background of Arabization, interference with blacks' association rights, expropriation, expatriation and slavery. The slaves were mostly black.
In October 1987, the government allegedly uncovered a tentative coup d'état by a group of black army officers, backed, according to the authorities, by Senegal. Fifty-one officers were arrested and subjected to interrogation and torture. Heightened ethnic tensions were the catalyst for the Mauritania–Senegal Border War, which started as a result of a conflict in Diawara between Moorish Mauritanian herders and Senegalese farmers over grazing rights. On 9 April 1989, Mauritanian guards killed two Senegalese.
Following the incident, several riots erupted in Bakel, Dakar and other towns in Senegal, directed against the mainly Moorish Mauritanians who dominated the local retail business. The rioting, added to already existing tensions, led to a campaign within the country of terror against black Mauritanians, who are often seen as 'Senegalese' by Beidanes, regardless of their nationality. As conflict with Senegal continued into 1990/91, the Mauritanian government engaged in or encouraged acts of violence and seizures of property directed against blacks. The war culminated in an international airlift agreed to by Senegal and Mauritania under international pressure to prevent further violence. The Mauritanian Government expelled tens of thousands of black Mauritanians. Most of these so-called 'Senegalese' had no ties to Senegal, and many still reside in refugee camps in Mali and Senegal. The exact number of expulsions is not known but the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR) estimates that, as of June 1991, 52,995 Mauritanian refugees were living in Senegal and at least 13,000 in Mali.
From November 1990 to February 1991, between 500 and 600 Fula and Soninke political prisoners were executed or tortured to death by Mauritanian government forces. They were among 3,000 to 5,000 blacks – predominantly soldiers and civil servants – arrested between October 1990 and mid-January 1991, on the basis of alleged involvement in an attempt to overthrow the government.
The government initiated a military investigation but never released the results. In order to guarantee immunity for those responsible and to block any attempts at accountability for past abuses, the Parliament declared an amnesty in June 1993 covering all crimes committed by the armed forces, security forces as well as civilians, between April 1989 and April 1992. The government offered compensation to families of victims, which a few accepted in lieu of settlement. Despite this amnesty, some Mauritanians have denounced the involvement of the government in the arrests and killings.
In the late 1980s, Ould Taya had established close co-operation with Iraq, and pursued a strongly Arab Nationalist line. Mauritania grew increasingly isolated internationally, and tensions with Western countries grew dramatically after it took a pro-Iraqi position during the 1991 Gulf War. During the mid-to late 1990s, Mauritania shifted its foreign policy to one of increased co-operation with the US and Europe. It was rewarded with diplomatic normalization and aid projects. On 28 October 1999, Mauritania joined Egypt, Palestine, and Jordan as the only members of the Arab League to officially recognize Israel. Ould Taya also started co-operating with the United States in anti-terrorism activities, a policy which was criticized by some human rights organizations. (See also Foreign relations of Mauritania.)
A group of current and former Army officers launched a violent and unsuccessful coup attempt on 8 June 2003. The leaders of the attempted coup were never caught. Mauritania's presidential election, its third since adopting the democratic process in 1992, took place on 7 November 2003. Six candidates, including Mauritania's first female and first Haratine (descended from former slaves) candidates, represented a wide variety of political goals and backgrounds. Incumbent President Maaouya Ould Sid'Ahmed Taya won reelection with 67.02% of the popular vote, according to the official figures, with Mohamed Khouna Ould Haidalla finishing second.
August 2005 military coup.
On 3 August 2005, a military coup led by Colonel Ely Ould Mohamed Vall ended Maaouya Ould Sid'Ahmed Taya's twenty-one years of rule. Taking advantage of Taya's attendance at the funeral of Saudi King Fahd, the military, including members of the presidential guard, seized control of key points in the capital of Nouakchott. The coup proceeded without loss of life. Calling themselves the Military Council for Justice and Democracy, the officers released the following statement:
The Military Council later issued another statement naming Colonel Vall as president and director of the national police force, the "Sûreté Nationale". Vall, once regarded as a firm ally of the now-ousted president, had aided Taya in the coup that had originally brought him to power, and had later served as his security chief. Sixteen other officers were listed as members of the Council.
Though cautiously watched by the international community, the coup came to be generally accepted, with the military "junta" organizing elections within a promised two-year timeline. In a referendum on 26 June 2006, Mauritanians overwhelmingly (97%) approved a new constitution which limited the duration of a president's stay in office. The leader of the "junta", Col. Vall, promised to abide by the referendum and relinquish power peacefully. Mauritania's establishment of relations with Israelit is one of only three Arab states to recognize Israelwas maintained by the new regime, despite widespread criticism from the opposition. They considered that position as a legacy of the Taya regime's attempts to curry favor with the West.
Parliamentary and municipal elections in Mauritania took place on 19 November and 3 December 2006.
2007 presidential election.
Mauritania's first fully democratic presidential election took place on 11 March 2007. The election effected the final transfer from military to civilian rule following the military coup in 2005. This was the first time since Mauritania gained independence in 1960 that it elected a president in a multi-candidate election.
The election was won in a second round of voting by Sidi Ould Cheikh Abdallahi, with Ahmed Ould Daddah a close second.
2008 military coup.
On 6 August 2008, the head of the Presidential Guards took over the president's palace in Nouakchott, a day after 48 lawmakers from the ruling party resigned in protest of President Abdallahi's policies. The army surrounded key government facilities, including the state television building, after the president fired senior officers, one of them the head of the presidential guards. The President, Prime Minister Yahya Ould Ahmed Waghef, and Mohamed Ould R'zeizim, Minister of Internal Affairs, were arrested.
The coup was co-ordinated by General Mohamed Ould Abdel Aziz, former chief of staff of the Mauritanian army and head of the Presidential Guard. He had recently been fired. Mauritania's presidential spokesman, Abdoulaye Mamadouba, said the President, Prime Minister, and Interior Minister had been arrested by renegade Senior Mauritanian army officers and were being held under house arrest at the presidential palace in the capital. In the apparently successful and bloodless coup d'état, Abdallahi's daughter, Amal Mint Cheikh Abdallahi, said: "The security agents of the BASEP (Presidential Security Battalion) came to our home and took away my father." The coup plotters, all dismissed in a presidential decree shortly beforehand, included Abdel Aziz, General Muhammad Ould Al-Ghazwani, General Philippe Swikri, and Brigadier General (Aqid) Ahmad Ould Bakri.
After the coup.
A Mauritanian lawmaker, Mohammed Al Mukhtar, claimed that many of the country's people were supporting the takeover of a government that had become "an authoritarian regime" under a president who had "marginalized the majority in parliament." The coup was also backed by Abdallahi's rival in the 2007 election, Ahmed Ould Daddah. However, Abdel Aziz's regime was isolated internationally, and became subject to diplomatic sanctions and the cancellation of some aid projects. It found few supporters (among them Morocco, Libya and Iran), while Algeria, the United States, France and other European countries criticized the coup, and continued to refer to Abdallahi as the legitimate president of Mauritania. Domestically, a group of parties coalesced around Abdallahi to continue protesting the coup, which caused the junta to ban demonstrations and crack down on opposition activists. International and internal pressure eventually forced the release of Abdallahi, who was instead placed under house arrest in his home village. The new government broke off relations with Israel. In March 2010, Mauritania's female foreign minister Mint Hamdi Ould Mouknass announced that Mauritania had cut ties with Israel in a "complete and definitive way."
Since the coup, Abdel Aziz insisted on holding new presidential elections to replace Abdallahi, but was forced to reschedule them due to internal and international opposition. During the spring of 2009, the junta negotiated an understanding with some opposition figures and international parties. As a result Abdallahi formally resigned under protest, as it became clear that some opposition forces had defected from him and most international players, notably including France and Algeria, now lined up behind Abdel Aziz. The United States continued to criticize the coup, but did not actively oppose the elections.
Abdallahi's resignation allowed the election of Abdel Aziz as civilian president, on 18 July, by a 52% majority. Many of Abdallahi's former supporters criticized this as a political ploy and refused to recognize the results. They argued that the election had been falsified due to junta control, and complained that the international community had let down the opposition. Despite marginal complaints, the elections were almost unanimously accepted by Western, Arab and African countries, which lifted sanctions and resumed relations with Mauritania. By late summer, Abdel Aziz appeared to have secured his position and to have gained widespread international and internal support. Some figures, such as Senate chairman Messaoud Ould Boulkheir, continued to refuse the new order and call for Abdel Aziz's resignation.
In February 2011, the waves of the Arab Spring spread to Mauritania, where hundreds of people took to the streets of the capital.
Regions and departments.
The government bureaucracy is composed of traditional ministries, special agencies, and parastatal companies. The Ministry of Interior spearheads a system of regional governors and prefects modeled on the French system of local administration. Under this system, Mauritania is divided into twelve regions ("wilaya" or "régions") and the capital district, Nouakchott. Control is tightly concentrated in the executive branch of the central government, but a series of national and municipal elections since 1992 have produced limited decentralization. These regions are subdivided into 44 departments ("moughataa"). The regions and capital district (in alphabetical order) and their capitals are:
Geography.
At , Mauritania is the world's 29th-largest country (after Bolivia). It is comparable in size to Egypt. It lies mostly between latitudes 14° and 26°N, and longitudes 5° and 17°W (small areas are east of 5° and west of 17°).
Mauritania is generally flat, with vast arid plains broken by occasional ridges and cliff-like outcroppings. A series of scarps face south-west, longitudinally bisecting these plains in the center of the country. The scarps also separate a series of sandstone plateaus, the highest of which is the Adrar Plateau, reaching an elevation of . Spring-fed oases lie at the foot of some of the scarps. Isolated peaks, often rich in minerals, rise above the plateaus; the smaller peaks are called guelbs and the larger ones kedias. The concentric Guelb er Richat (also known as the Richat Structure) is a prominent feature of the north-central region. Kediet ej Jill, near the city of Zouîrât, has an elevation of and is the highest peak.
Approximately three quarters of Mauritania is desert or semi-desert. As a result of extended, severe drought, the desert has been expanding since the mid-1960s. To the west, between the ocean and the plateaus, are alternating areas of clayey plains (regs) and sand dunes (ergs), some of which shift from place to place, gradually moved by high winds. The dunes generally increase in size and mobility toward the north.
Economy.
Despite being rich in natural resources, Mauritania has one of the lowest GDP rates in Africa. A majority of the population still depends on agriculture and livestock for a livelihood, even though most of the nomads and many subsistence farmers were forced into the cities by recurrent droughts in the 1970s and 1980s. Mauritania has extensive deposits of iron ore, which account for almost 50% of total exports. With the current rises in metal prices, gold and copper mining companies are opening mines in the interior.
The country's first deepwater port opened near Nouakchott in 1986. In recent years, drought and economic mismanagement have resulted in a buildup of foreign debt. In March 1999, the government signed an agreement with a joint World Bank-International Monetary Fund mission on a $54 million enhanced structural adjustment facility (ESAF). The economic objectives have been set for 1999–2002. Privatization remains one of the key issues. Mauritania is unlikely to meet ESAF's annual GDP growth objectives of 4%–5%.
Oil was discovered in Mauritania in 2001 in the offshore Chinguetti field. Although potentially significant for the Mauritanian economy, its overall influence is difficult to predict. Mauritania has been described as a "desperately poor desert nation, which straddles the Arab and African worlds and is Africa's newest, if small-scale, oil producer." There may be additional oil reserves inland in the Taoudeni basin, although the harsh environment will make extraction expensive.
Human rights.
The Abdallahi government was widely perceived as corrupt and restricting access to government information. Sexism, female genital mutilation, child labour, human trafficking, and the political marginalization of largely southern-based ethnic groups continued to be problems.
Following the 2008 coup, the military government of Mauritania faced severe international sanctions and internal unrest. Amnesty International accused it of practicing coordinated torture against criminal and political detainees. Amnesty has accused the Mauritanian legal system, both before and after the 2008 coup, of functioning with complete disregard for legal procedure, fair trial, or humane imprisonment. The organization has said that the Mauritanian government has practiced institutionalized and continuous use of torture throughout its post-independence history, under all its leaders.
Discrimination against black population.
Since independence, critics had said that Mauritania's society has been characterised by discrimination against black populations, mainly Fula and Soninké. These ethnic groups have been seen to contest the political, economic and social dominance of Moors. Mauritanian blacks allegedly face discrimination in employment in the civil service, the administration of justice before regular and religious courts, access to loans and credits from banks and state-owned enterprise, and opportunities for education and vocational training. Armed groups such as the now-exiled FLAM have carried out low-level rebellions in the southern part of Mauritania because of these continuing discriminatory practices.
Slavery.
Slavery still persists in Mauritania. Though slavery was abolished in 1981, it was not illegal to own slaves until 2007. According to the US State Department "2010 Human Rights Report," abuses in Mauritania include:
"...mistreatment of detainees and prisoners; security force impunity; lengthy pretrial detention; harsh prison conditions; arbitrary arrests; limits on freedom of the press and assembly; corruption; discrimination against women; female genital mutilation (FGM); child marriage; political marginalization of southern-based ethnic groups; racial and ethnic discrimination; slavery and slavery-related practices; and child labor."
The report continues: "Government efforts were not sufficient to enforce the antislavery law. No cases have been successfully prosecuted under the antislavery law despite the fact that 'de facto' slavery exists in Mauritania."
Oumoulmoumnine Mint Bakar Vall is the only person prosecuted to date for owning slaves and she was sentenced to six months in jail in January 2011. In 2012 it was estimated that 10% to 20% of the population of Mauritania (between 340,000 and 680,000 people) live in slavery.
A 2013 study by the anti-slavery charity Walk Free Foundation ranked Mauritania as one of the nations with the highest rate of slavery, alongside Pakistan and Haiti.
The government of Mauritania denies that slavery continues in the country. In an interview, the Mauritanian Minister of rural development, Brahim Ould M'Bareck Ould Med El Moctar, responded to accusations of human rights abuse by stating, 
"I must tell you that in Mauritania, freedom is total: freedom of thought, equality – of all men and women of Mauritania... in all cases, especially with this government, this is in the past. There are probably former relationships – slavery relationships and familial relationships from old days and of the older generations, maybe, or descendants who wish to continue to be in relationships with descendants of their old masters, for familial reasons, or out of affinity, and maybe also for economic interests. But (slavery) is something that is totally finished. All people are free in Mauritania and this phenomenon no longer exists. And I believe that I can tell you that no one profits from this commerce." 
It is difficult to end slavery in Mauritania for the following reasons:
Demographics.
Population.
3,281,635 (July 2011 estimated)
Mauritania's population is composed of several ethnic groups: the Moors (White or Arab) or "Beidane;" the "Haratins," descendants of freed sub-Saharan black slaves who have grown up in this society; the Soninke; the Serer (generally farmers and stock-breeders); and the Hal-pulaar or Fulas, who include settled farmers called Toucouleur and nomadic stock-breeders.
Religion.
The country is nearly 100% Muslim, most of whom are Sunnis. The minority Sufi brotherhood, the Tijaniyah, has had great influence not only in the country, but in Senegal and Morocco as well. The Roman Catholic Diocese of Nouakchott, founded in 1965, serves the 4,500 Catholics in Mauritania.
Languages.
Spoken languages are: Hassaniya, Pulaar, Soninke, Imraguen language, Wolof, Serer and French (widely used in the media and among educated classes, see African French). Modern Standard Arabic is also an official language.
Zenaga, a Berber language, was once spoken throughout much of Mauritania, but today it is almost totally replaced by Hassaniya. Only a tiny group of about 200 to 300 speakers of the Zenaga language may be left.
Health.
Life expectancy at birth was 61.14 years (2011 estimate). Per capita expenditure on health was 43 US$ (PPP) in 2004. Public expenditure was 2% of the GDP in 2004 and private 0.9% of the GDP in 2004. In the early 21st century, there were 11 physicians per 100,000 people. Infant mortality is 60.42 deaths/1,000 live births (2011 estimate).
The obesity rate among Mauritanian women is high, perhaps in part due to the local standards of beauty, in which obese women are considered beautiful while thin women are sometimes regarded as "sickly".
On 18 January 2011, the Islamic leaders of Mauritania issued a fatwa, a religious opinion concerning Islamic law, outlawing female genital mutilation.
Culture.
Filming for several documentaries and films has taken place in Mauritania, including "Fort Saganne" (1984), "The Fifth Element" (1997), "The Books Under the Sand" (1997), "Life without Death" (1997), "Winged Migration" (2001), and "Heremakono" (2002).
Education.
Since 1999, all teaching in the first year of primary school is in Literary Arabic; French is introduced in the second year, and is used to teach all scientific courses. The use of English and the Weldiya dialect is increasing. The country has the University of Nouakchott and other institutions of higher education, but the majority of highly educated Mauritanians have studied outside the country. Public expenditure on education was at 10.1% of 2000–2007 government expenditure.

</doc>
<doc id="18778518" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18778518" title="Bauker">
Bauker

Bauker used to be the military captain's farm residence in Gausdal, Norway.
History.
Bauker as a dwelling originates from the Middle Ages; however, as the Black Death plague spread across Norway in middle 14th century it became dysfunctional and eventually it was taken over by the church. In 1791, the mansion Bauker was built for the Gausdal Military Company and became the residence for their captain. The main house was enlarged in 1822 by Captain Peter Christian Ring. The manor ceased to be the Captain's residence in 1864, when the Norwegian state sold it to vicar Bernt Anker Leigh Knudtssøn, married to Anna Coucheron.
From 1876 to 1960 Bauker was run as a tourist inn, at some time part-owned by Liv Coucheron-Torp Heyerdahl Rockefeller and run by Pella Knudtssøn.
The main building was renovated in 1887 to include 6 guestrooms, the annexes "Grande" and "Arken" were later raised and Bauker could eventually accommodate 70 guests. ("Grande" was originally the first elementary school for the local neighborhood, built in 1848, known as "Myra Skole", later sold in 1896 for kr. 500,- to Jacob Knudsøn, taken down and rebuilt at Bauker around 1900.) The property also includes two stabbur, one dating from 1756, the other from 1865. In 1960, the farming and tourist businesses were separated.
Bauker's main building has been listed as National Heritage by the Norwegian state as early as 1923. 
Bjørnstjerne Bjørnson (famous Norwegian poet and Nobel prize winner) used Bauker as a "relief housing" for both guests and family that visited his mansion Aulestad, a few kilometers down the road. His present to Bauker for this was a wonderful chandelier, which unfortunately followed a later owner to Sweden.
Many years later, Benedicte and Harald Thiis started here Norway's headquarter for humanistic and transpersonal psychology (Mandala Centre), a centre for "Unity and Inner Growth", using this splendid place as a "university" for teaching alternative forms of treatment and new spirituality. Psychodrama, massage, alternative medicine, yoga and dance were some of the teaching topics. Then Bauker became the spiritual centre for the Norwegian Bahá'í movement. The Thiis family sold the estate in 1993. The new owner and the Commune of Gausdal used the buildings as housing for political refugees for several years. After a fire burnt down the building "Arken" in 2003, the inhabitants had to move and the historical buildings were once more used for overnight stays and exclusive arrangements. In 2005 the manor was sold again.
Significance in art.
Bauker was used as an artist's colony before World War II. Known Norwegian artists such as Oluf Wold-Thorne, Thorvald Erichsen, Per Deberitz, Einar Sandberg, Severin Grande, Henrik Sørensen, Alf Lundeby, Arnstein Arneberg, Clara Tschudi and Sigurd Hoel stayed there from time to time. Bauker is located in the middle of the "Spiritual Hamlet" (free translation of "Åndsreppen") where many artists had been living in the early 20th century. The poet Inge Krokann, the composer Sparre Olsen, the painter Hallvard Blekastad and the writer Milada Blekastad, who all settled in this hamlet, are the originators of the "Spiritual Hamlet". It is said that the writer Jonas Lie used Bauker as the setting for his most famous novel, "The family at Gilje", released 1883 (translated to English 1920).

</doc>
<doc id="18778549" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18778549" title="Bryden">
Bryden

Bryden is a surname of Lowland Scots origin. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="18778553" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18778553" title="Dave Morris (comedian)">
Dave Morris (comedian)

Dave Morris was a music hall comedian who made a successful transition to radio and television. He was born on 5 July 1896, son of Samuel Morris and Lily Reubens. Samuel, a tailor, lived at 110 Wilson Street, Middlesbrough.
His first stage appearance was on 10 December 1908 at the Oxford Playhouse, Middlesbrough and his first London appearance in 1913 at the London Shoreditch. He started with a juvenile troupe, then as a black-face comic. In 1937 he began a nine-year run of summer seasons at Blackpool's North Pier, by now working as a northern comic in his famous straw hat and very thick glasses. He had extremely bad eyesight as a result of having been gassed in the trenches in World War I and thus was not conscripted for the Second World War. After nine years, he refused to go on playing matinees and transferred to a long run at the Blackpool Palace for George and Alfred Black. He worked as a sketch comic also doing some stand-up material. In 1950 Joe Gladwin joined him as a 'feed' and stayed with him for twelve years.
In 1948, he toured with 'Paradise on Parade' after a summer season at the South Pier, Blackpool. In January 1950, he was resident comedian of the BBC North Country variety feature, 'Variety Fanfare.'
The radio series "Club Night" was launched in the BBC Home Service north region on 7 November 1950 where it ran for 52 editions until 6 June 1955. The programme was set in a fictitious working men's club 'oop north.' With his trademark cigar, straw hat and glasses, Dave Morris was the somewhat loudmouthed 'know all' club treasurer, ably assisted by comedy actor Joe Gladwin as Cedric and by Liverpool comedian Fred Ferris as 'The Wacker' whose primary ambition seemed to be to scrounge a drink. 
He moved to television for six programmes of the sitcom "The Artful Dodger" from 28 September to 2 November 1959. The show was based on "Club Night" and used the character he developed there. It also featured Joe Gladwin as his comic foil.

</doc>
<doc id="18778555" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18778555" title="Pella, Burkina Faso">
Pella, Burkina Faso

Pella, Burkina Faso is a town in the Pella Department of Boulkiemdé Province in central western Burkina Faso. It is the capital of the Pella Department and has a population of 5,968.

</doc>
<doc id="18778568" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18778568" title="Malaysian National Laureate">
Malaysian National Laureate

Malaysian National Laureate ("Malay": Sasterawan Negara) are individuals who were awarded the Laureate for their contributions to Malay literature.

</doc>
<doc id="18778571" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18778571" title="Babouli">
Babouli

Babouli is a town in the Pella Department of Boulkiemdé Province in central western Burkina Faso. It has a population of 485.

</doc>
<doc id="18778581" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18778581" title="Daboala">
Daboala

Daboala is a town in the Pella Department of Boulkiemdé Province in central western Burkina Faso. It has a population of 1,462.

</doc>
<doc id="18778582" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18778582" title="Hampden Alpass">
Hampden Alpass

Herbert John Hampden Alpass (7 August 1906 – 16 March 1999) was an English first-class cricketer who played in seven matches between 1926 and 1928 for Gloucestershire. His highest score of 18* came when playing for Gloucestershire in the 1928 match against Oxford University Cricket Club. His best bowling of 2/42 came in the same match.
Alpass studied at Clifton College in Bristol and starred as a left-arm spinner in the college cricket team. Away from cricket, Alpass qualified as a solicitor and became chairman of Bristol Rovers Football Club in 1950. He spent 11 years as chairman, overseeing promotion to Division Two in 1953.

</doc>
<doc id="18778596" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18778596" title="Mu Shuangshuang">
Mu Shuangshuang

Mu Shuangshuang (穆爽爽; born July 7, 1984) is a Chinese weightlifter from Shuangliao, Jilin. She competes in the over-75 kg category.
In 2005, 2006, and 2007 she won the silver medal in World Weightlifting Championships.
On 6 December 2006 she set a new world record of 139 kg for the snatch at the World Championship in Doha[http://big5.xinhuanet.com/gate/big5/news.xinhuanet.com/sports/2006-12/06/content_5444716.htm and on 26 September 2007 she set a new overall world record of 319 kg at the World Championship in Chiang Mai, Thailand.[http://www.china.org.cn/english/sports/225982.htm]
She was not selected to compete in the 2008 Olympic Games. [http://www.koreatimes.co.kr/www/news/nation/2008/07/136_27783.html]

</doc>
<doc id="18778599" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18778599" title="Goala, Burkina Faso">
Goala, Burkina Faso

Goala, Burkina Faso is a town in the Pella Department of Boulkiemdé Province in central western Burkina Faso. It has a population of 3,981.
Burkina Faso is in Africa. Goala is a small town in Burkina Faso. Goala is in the Sahara desert. It gets very hot.
Burkina Faso is landlocked. The countries around it are Benin, Togo, Ghana, Niger, Mali and Côte d'Ivoire.

</doc>
<doc id="18778606" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18778606" title="Godo, Pella">
Godo, Pella

Godo, Pella is a town in the Pella Department of Boulkiemdé Province in central western Burkina Faso. It has a population of 1,549.

</doc>
<doc id="18778612" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18778612" title="Estadio Nuevo Laredo">
Estadio Nuevo Laredo

The Estadio Nuevo Laredo (Nuevo Laredo Stadium), is a 12,000 seat baseball stadium located in Nuevo Laredo, Tamaulipas, Mexico. It is home to the Tecolotes de Nuevo Laredo from the Mexican Baseball League. The stadium was completed in 2007 as part of Phase I of Ciudad Deportiva, a new sports complex that also houses the Nuevo Laredo Multidisciplinary Gymnasium. The stadium was inaugurated on March 20, 2008 in a game in which the Tecolotes defeated 5-0 the Acereros de Monclova. The stadium has been criticized because of its distance from the city, despite public transportation that has routes from strategic points before and after games. Estadio Nuevo Laredo is located at (27.468979, -99.591972).
History.
At the end of the 2007 season of the Mexican Baseball League, work began to make efforts to have a professional baseball team return to Nuevo Laredo. After several visits by personnel of the league to the new stadium they agreed to bring back a baseball team and in November 2007 it was announced that the Rieleros de Aguascalientes would become the Tecolotes de Nuevo Laredo for the 2008 season. The stadium is considered one of the best in the league. The field is made from synthetic grass, becoming the third of its kind in the league. Because it was recently constructed, the surface of Estadio Nuevo Laredo is more sophisticated and more similar to natural grass than the two other fields in the Mexican League. It is planned to construct a giant screen and a ceiling covering the seating area.

</doc>
<doc id="18778648" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18778648" title="Shepperton Stakes">
Shepperton Stakes

The Shepperton Stakes is a Canadian Thoroughbred horse race run annually in early August at Woodbine Racetrack in Toronto, Ontario. An Ontario Sire Stakes, it is a restricted race for horses age three and older. Raced on dirt over a distance of six and one-half furlongs on Polytrack, the Shepperton Stakes currently carries a purse of $125,000.
The race is named in honor of Canadian Horse Racing Hall of Fame inductee, Shepperton. Inaugurated in 1976 as a 7 furlong race at Greenwood Raceway, the following year it was modified to its present 6.5 furlongs and shifted to the Fort Erie Racetrack where it remained until 1981 when it was moved to Woodbine Racetrack.
In 2005, Sophia's Prince's winning time broke a forty-four-year-old track record.
Records.
Speed record: (Through 1998, Woodbine times were recorded in fifths of a second. Since 1999 they are in hundredths of a second)
Most wins by an owner:
Most wins by a jockey:
Most wins by a trainer:

</doc>
<doc id="18778655" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18778655" title="Kandaga">
Kandaga

Kandaga is a village in the Pella Department of Boulkiemdé Province in central western Burkina Faso. It has a population of 509.

</doc>
<doc id="18778658" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18778658" title="2008 Legg Mason Tennis Classic – Singles">
2008 Legg Mason Tennis Classic – Singles

Andy Roddick was the defending champion, but lost in the quarterfinals to Viktor Troicki.
Juan Martín del Potro won in the final 6–3, 6–3, against Viktor Troicki.

</doc>
<doc id="18778665" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18778665" title="Silver Marten">
Silver Marten

The Silver Marten is a breed of domestic rabbit. they are also regarded as "loveable and charming" pets.
Description.
The Silver Marten is a medium-sized rabbit that weighs between 6.5 and 8.5 lbs. when fully grown. They are hardy and have fur that is described as soft "with a beautiful polished look to it". While more timid than some larger breeds of rabbit, they are still considered an excellent pet. The Silver Marten is playful, enjoys romping around, and likes playthings it can toss around its cage.
See: Silver Marten Rabbit
History.
Early breeders of Chinchilla rabbits, a breed listed as critical on the American Livestock Breeds Conservancy Conservation Priority List, attempted to improve Chinchilla rabbits' color and pattern by introducing black and tan bloodlines. These genes later manifested as black "sports" described as "strange little black rabbits" as well as similar silver rabbits among standard Chinchilla rabbit litters. These oddities bred true and were named as a separate breed, the "Silver Marten", in 1924.
In 1927, a working standard for black and chocolate varieties was established by the American Rabbit Breeders' Association and the first Silver Marten Club was chartered. A blue variety of this breed was accepted in 1933. The sable variety, the last to be approved, was accepted in 1993.
Varieties.
Silver Marten are a compatible breed for introducing color into Dwarf Rabbit bloodlines.

</doc>
<doc id="18778666" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18778666" title="Dark Mirror (Star Trek novel)">
Dark Mirror (Star Trek novel)

Dark Mirror is a Star Trek novel written by Diane Duane. It is set in the Mirror Universe, and offers an explanation of its more violent culture.
Plot.
In "Dark Mirror", the Mirror-Spock left the Enterprise and rose through the ranks and spearheaded an effort to reform the Empire. However, the Mirror-Kirk framed him for treason, which resulted in Spock's execution. Soon afterwards Mirror-Sarek was assassinated by another Vulcan seeking his job. As a result, Spock's attempted reforms died with him and the Empire is still alive and powerful. The Klingons are a conquered race who were forced into slavery by the Empire after their defeat. The Romulans have also been defeated by the Empire, but committed suicide en masse rather than submit to Terran rule. 
"Dark Mirror" tells how Captain Jean-Luc Picard and the crew of the Enterprise-D are forced to deal with their counterparts. Like the Original Series episode "Mirror, Mirror", their counterparts are brutal and savage. For example, the Mirror-Captain Picard had murdered the Mirror-Jack Crusher so as to claim his wife, Beverly Crusher, for himself. Crusher is further forced to build biologically-based weaponry. The Mirror-Deanna Troi is a security officer who freely uses torture. The missions of the crew of the Mirror-Enterprise-D's are filled with brutality and even genocidal activities. Interestingly, personal communicators are intentionally not used in the mirror Starfleet; due to the prevalence of assassinations, they make crewmembers too easy to track down and kill. 
When the Enterprise-D crew meet with their alternates, they discover that the Empire is planning to cross into and invade the Federation's universe. The first step of the plan is to capture that universe's Enterprise, kill the crew, and use the vessel as an infiltrator. However, the crew of the Enterprise is able to foil their plans, and find a means to prevent the Empire from invading the Federation.
Captain Picard found that the Mirror Universe Empire had almost reached the limits of what it was presently capable of expanding to. Picard comes to believe they plan to invade the 'main' universe, simply because they have no other choice. He also finds that the seeds of the Mirror Universe's brutality lie in Khan Noonien Singh winning the Eugenics Wars. Toward the book's end, Picard speaks to Mirror-Worf and explains that soon the Empire will be too far spread to maintain control over the worlds it controls that it will collapse, and Worf should inform his people so they can be ready when this day comes.

</doc>
<doc id="18778681" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18778681" title="Kirguilounga">
Kirguilounga

Kirguilounga is a town in the Pella Department of Boulkiemdé Province in central western Burkina Faso. It has a population of 1,357.

</doc>
<doc id="18778684" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18778684" title="Give Me the Night (album)">
Give Me the Night (album)

Give Me The Night is a 1980 album by George Benson.
Reception.
Released Summer 1980, Produced by Quincy Jones and released on Jones' start-up label Qwest Records, in conjunction with Warner Bros. Records, this album would chart number one on both the Top Soul Albums and Jazz Albums Chart as well as number three on the "Billboard" Pop Albums charts. Lead by the number one single on the Soul Singles chart, "Give Me the Night". The song "Moody´s Mood" was recorded with R&B singer Patti Austin. It was certified Platinum by the RIAA. This would be the only album that Quincy Jones would produce for George Benson.
This album won Benson three Grammy Awards in 1981; Best Male R&B Vocal Performance, while "Moody's Mood" received Best Jazz Vocal Performance, Male and "Off Broadway" received Best R&B Instrumental Performance.
Quincy Jones and Jerry Hey also won the Grammy Award for Best Instrumental Arrangement for the song "Dinorah, Dinorah."
Track listing.
All tracks composed by Rod Temperton, except where indicated.

</doc>
<doc id="18778688" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18778688" title="Brookesia minima">
Brookesia minima

Brookesia minima, (common names of which include the dwarf chameleon, the Madagascan dwarf chameleon, the minute leaf chameleon, the pygmy leaf chameleon, the Nosy Be pygmy leaf chameleon, and the tiny ground chameleon), is a diminutive chameleon that was often said to be the smallest of the Chamaeleonidae, but a smaller species, "B. micra", was described in 2012.
Range.
"B. minima" is endemic to Nosy Be, an island located just off the northwest coast of Madagascar, but has extralimital distribution to Manongarivo Reserve on Madagascar's northwest coast.
Description.
The "B. minima" adult has a flattened head and an orbital crest with large scales forming triangular plates above its eyes. Along its back are two rows of granular protrusions. "B. minima" specimens sometimes have lateral yellow stripes over their basic drab grayish-brown color. The maximum total length is 3.4 cm (1.3 in) for females and 2.8 cm (1.1 in) for males. Males are also more slender than females, and exhibit a hemipenial bulge at the base of their tails. They are often considered the smallest of the Chamaeleonidae, but there is a smaller species.
Habitat.
"B. minima" is native to the rain forests of its native island. It has a relatively active habit for a chameleon and likes moving around in the low branches and leaf litter of its native rain forests. Though they are moderately aggressive toward one another, population and densities in the wild may approach one animal per square meter.
Reproduction.
It is not known how frequently "B. minima" reproduces, but a typical clutch contains two eggs.
Cultivation.
Few successful examples of captive breeding have been reported. Because "B. minima" are somewhat territorial, individual housing is recommended even for very young specimens. Their terrarium or other "glass enclosures of at least 16" x 16" x 16" (16"=~40 cm)" should have a substrate of leaf litter or soil. As they prefer to stay close to the ground, the horizontal dimensions of their habit are more important than its height. "B. minima" eggs are tiny and difficult to locate; some breeders prefer to leave them in their enclosure until hatching.
Similar species.
"B. minima" has ben characterized as belonging to a species group with other Madagascan dwarf chameleons such as "B. dentata", "B. tuberculata", and other new or unidentified species such as a recently described chameleon from Tsingy de Bemaraha Strict Nature Reserve.
A 1999 paper in the "Journal of Zoology" disputed a 1995 paper which considered "B. tuberculata" and "B. peyrierasiand" to be the same species as "B. minima". The later paper discussed the same details as the first—subtle morphological differences in the hemipenises of the respective species—and determined they were heterospecific. They also found differences in the arrangement of head crests and in minute spines above the eyes.

</doc>
<doc id="18778691" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18778691" title="Nabziniguima">
Nabziniguima

Nabziniguima is a town in the Pella Department of Boulkiemdé Province in central western Burkina Faso. It has a population of 923.

</doc>
<doc id="18778695" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18778695" title="Buckler (surname)">
Buckler (surname)

Buckler is an English and German surname. Notable people of the name include the following:

</doc>
<doc id="18778700" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18778700" title="74th Regiment">
74th Regiment

74th Regiment or 74th Infantry Regiment may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18778725" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18778725" title="Ogmodirus">
Ogmodirus

Ogmodirus is an extinct genus of plesiosaur with an extremely long neck that lived in the Cretaceous. It may be member of the Elasmosauridae, a group of marine animals related to "Elasmosaurus", but the condition of the fossils discovered to date means the genus is dubious. The type species, "Ogmodirus martini", was named by Samuel Wendell Williston and Roy L. Moodie in 1913. The original specimen consisted of a pelvic girdle, limb elements, and more than fifty cervical (neck) vertebrae discovered in Cloud County, Kansas. A second species, "Ogmodirus ischiadicus", has since been referred to "Styxosaurus". Sepkoski (2002) assigned "Ogmodirus" to the Plesiosauria.
References.
Williston, S. W. and Moodie, R. L. (1913). New plesiosaurian genus from the Cretaceous of Nebraska. "Bulletin of the Geological Society of America" 24: 120-121. 

</doc>
<doc id="18778727" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18778727" title="John England &amp; the Western Swingers">
John England &amp; the Western Swingers

John England & the Western Swingers is a six piece Nashville, Tennessee band that plays Western swing. The group has played at Nashville's Robert's Western World every Monday since July 2001. The Swingers have also performed at New York's Lincoln Center, the Grand Ole Opry, the Legends of Western Swing Festival, the Ernest Tubb Record Shop's "Midnight Jamboree", and has been profiled by Downbeat magazine, the Nashville Tennessean, and other print media.
Members.
The band's lineup is:
Earlier members of the group include Randy Mason (drums & vocals, 2002–2004) and Tom McBryde (piano, 2002–2005)
Discography.
The group's 3 albums are: Swinging Broadway (2002), Thanks a Lot (2004), and Open that Gate (2008). Swinging Broadway established the group's stylistic identity, i.e. Bob Wills type Western Swing with ensembles of guitar, fiddle and steel. Thanks a Lot contains Western Swing versions of songs popularized by Ernest Tubb. Open that Gate emphasizes the group's original songs.

</doc>
<doc id="18778740" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18778740" title="The Red Shore">
The Red Shore

The Red Shore were an Australian death metal band from Geelong, Victoria, formed in 2004. The band claims their style is a combination of death metal and technical death metal, though they are often referred to as a deathcore band.
The Red Shore signed to Big Phat Adelaide Records and Modern Music in 2006 and released their first EP, "Salvaging What's Left". In late 2007, the band raised national headlines when they were involved in a fatal car crash while on tour, claiming the lives of vocalist Damien Morris and roadie Andy Milner.
The members decided to continue as a band, signing to Siege Of Amida Records and releasing their debut album, "Unconsecrated", in 2008. A compilation album, titled "Lost Verses", was recorded and released in May 2009.
In late 2009 vocalist, former bassist and founding member Jamie Hope left the band, leaving Jason Leombruni as the last founding member to remain in the band.
Their second album, "The Avarice of Man", was released in September 2010. It is the first to be released through Roadrunner Records Australia and the first to feature Chase Butler as vocalist.
History.
Formation and first release (2004–2007).
The Red Shore was formed in 2004 by original members Richard Johnson, and Jamie Hope. After a few weeks, they were in need of a guitarist, and Jamie suggested Jason Leombruni. After a brief search for a singer, Damien Morris joined the group. The Red Shore draw their influences from bands such as Hate Eternal, Devourment, Decapitated and Behemoth. With this lineup they released the demo "The Beloved Prosecutors", containing early recordings of the songs, "Effigy Of Death", "I Only Smile When You're Bleeding", and "I Threw My Conscious Into The Path Of Oncoming Traffic". Two of these also made their way onto their debut EP. They signed to Big Phat Adelaide Records and Modern Music in 2006 and released their first EP, "Salvaging What's Left". During the recording of the EP producer and engineer Roman Koester began contributing material and eventually joined the band as a second guitarist.
Richard Johnson later left the band saying that he was unable to keep up with their more technical direction. He was soon replaced by Koester's friend, Jake Green, of Melbournes's The Ocularis Infernum.
Fatal car accident (2007).
On 19 December 2007, the band was on the Christmas Carnage tour supporting American band All Shall Perish. At around 7am, The Red Shore's minibus veered off of the Pacific Highway just north of Coffs Harbour. The accident killed singer Damien Morris and driver/merchandiser Andy Milner. In the following days, fans flooded the band's MySpace page with tributes to the two.
Following the accident, Jamie Hope moved from bass to vocals. It was reportedly Morris' wish that should he not be able to play, or if he left the band, he wanted Hope to be the vocalist because they "had similar voices". The band continued to tour, supporting I Killed the Prom Queen on their 2008 Say Goodbye tour. Jon Green, formerly of Picture the End, filled in on bass for the tour, eventually becoming the band's full-time bassist.
Further exposure, "Unconsecrated", new vocalist and "The Avarice of Man" (2008-2010).
The Red Shore had planned on releasing their debut album in early 2008, but following the death of Damien Morris, it was delayed. In October 2008, the band embarked on their first overseas tour, alongside UK band Bring Me the Horizon and then headlined the Set It Off Australian tour.
The band released their debut album, "Unconsecrated", on 8 November 2008.
The band filmed a music video for the song "Vehemence the Phoenix" and are expected to start recording material for the follow-up to "Unconsecrated" in June 2009. The music video was released on 10 March.
In early 2009, after signing on for the Australian Summer Slaughter tour, The Red Shore confirmed they would then not be playing alongside Dying Fetus, The Faceless and Necrophagist on the tour. They stated, "Throughout the last few months we felt that certain circumstances pertaining to the tour did not suit the band and this coupled with some ongoing medical problems with some of our members and some financial constraint simply means that opting out of this tour was the best thing for the band at this point in time."
They toured Australia with Bring Me the Horizon and Cancer Bats in May 2009 and released "Lost Verses" on 9 May. The album compiled old songs, re-recorded in honour of their fallen brothers, and also for the fans that have stood by them. The album debuted and peaked at number 91 on the ARIA Albums Chart.
In August 2009, the band signed a deal with Rise Records, who will distribute a special deluxe edition of "Unconsecrated" across the United States, Canada and Japan. The deluxe edition will feature nineteen songs and a DVD documentary, along with the debut album, it will be available on 27 October 2009. It was also made official on the band's MySpace site that drummer Jake Green had left the band, "due to continuous health constraints". Tim Shearman, formerly of Her Nightmare & Samsara, who filled in on the band's Australia tour with Bring Me The Horizon, will be his permanent replacement. Tim embarked on his first tour with the band in September for the Lost Versus tour. The band has recently mentioned the possibility of going overseas to record the next album.
The band also toured Australia as the main support for America's The Acacia Strain throughout November 2009. During this tour, Before The Throne vocalist Chase Butler filled in for vocalist Jamie Hope. After the completion of the tour it was announced that Jamie Hope would be leaving the band and Chase Butler would be taking over the position of front man full-time. On top of that the band also announced that they had signed a deal with Roadrunner Records Australia, and that a new full length album would be released in 2010. On 26 July, Triple J premiered the new single, entitled "The Seed of Annihilation", the first song to feature Chase Butler on vocals. It is now currently streaming on their MySpace page. "The Avarice of Man" was released on 3 September 2010. It has been considered a more technical death metal style. The Red Shore then went on tour in the United States with the No Mercy Tour along with Suffokate, And Hell Followed With, Murder Death Kill and King Conquer. They were set to support Despised Icon on the Australian leg of their final tour in November. In an interview released November 2010, guitarist Roman Koester stated that whilst touring in the US the band filmed a video clip for the song "The Seed of Annihilation". The music video debuted June 2011.
Break Up (2011).
On 5 October 2011, The Band stated on their Facebook that the band has broken up as members have moved onto other projects and different stages of life.
"It is with much love, respect & regret that we have to announce the end of The Red Shore. The members have moved onto other projects and different stages of life, which meant that the band could not continue. The Red Shore has been such a large part of our lives and we the members past and present would like to take this opportunity to thank everyone for all of their love and support over the years, through the good times and the bad, ups and downs. You gave us the strength to carry on and for this we are eternally grateful. We would like to also thank all the bands who helped out and our labels who helped push us. B.P.A records, Stomp, S.O.A.R, Rise, Mediaskare, Roadrunner Australia, Listenable. Not to mention all the endorsements, Pearl, Sabian, Pro-Mark, Schecter, Ampeg, Godlyke, Framus, Peavey, Drop Dead, To Die For, Macbeth. We are very proud of our achievements and have many great memories, so once again thanks for making our dreams come true & stay tuned for TRS members new projects! Thankyou"

</doc>
<doc id="18778746" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18778746" title="Pomeranian Goose">
Pomeranian Goose

The Pomeranian Goose (, French: "L'oie de Pome'ranie"), also known as the Rügener Goose, is a breed of domestic goose.
Although only an officially recognized breed since 1912, this fowl was developed by Northern German farmers of Pomerania as early as 1500. While it is popular as a market goose throughout Europe -- especially in Germany, Poland and in Slavic communities around the Baltic region -- today "there are few breeders of the Historical Pomeranian goose."
Description.
The Pomeranian is the only descendant of the Greylag Goose specifically bred for a single-lobed paunch. In North America, these geese often have two lobes nonetheless due to genetic variation and inbreeding.
Pomeranian Geese average 16 pounds in weight and lay about 70 eggs a season although some varieties may produce less. They have flattened heads, stout necks, prominent breasts, rounded bodies and what has been described as an "arrogant" bearing. They make good watch birds as they tend to greet visitors noisily.
Pomeranian Geese "are a good all-around breed for a colorful home flock". Breeders should look for plump birds that look heart-shaped when viewed from above. Breeders should also seek stock with good markings as these are a variable trait and breeding geese with clearly defined markings is a challenge. Pomeranian Geese usually have white feathers around the base of their bills but solid-colored heads are more preferred. A Pomeranian Goose should have blue eyes, a pinkish red bill, and reddish orange legs and feet.
The indication of knobs at the base of a goose's bill is viewed negatively and is considered indicative of inbreeding. Likewise, Pomeranian Geese with such undesirable traits as dark feathers in the wings, dewlaps, excessively white heads, orange bills, orange feet, and undersized bodies should be avoided as breeding stock.
According to an expert:
This breed descended from the Eastern Graylag, which is why true Pomeranians have pinkish red beak, legs and feet. The Pomeranian is believed to have developed in the Pomorze region between the Rivers Odes and Vistula. It is an ancient breed that has stood the intrusion of foreign and modern breeds into its home turf and contributed to the development of numerous breeds and varieties, and proven itself competitive where ever tried. Today it is the dominant breed in Northern Germany, Poland, Slovakia and the Czech Republic. It is very popular in the rest of Germany and Austria and seems to be gaining elsewhere. More than thirty years ago I encountered representatives of the breed in Switzerland, the Low Countries and Britain, as well as its more typical range. Despite what Soames and other writers have said, when I was in Germany in the early 1970's I had the distinct impression it was the dominant working goose everywhere...this is a unique and ancient breed worthy of preservation. 
Varieties.
In their native Germany, Pomeranian Geese are a "utilitarian goose breed" represented white, gray, saddleback buff, and saddleback gray varieties.
The American Saddleback Pomeranian which is almost the sole representative of this breed in the United States is recognized by the American Poultry Association. Its head, back, and flanks are light gray or beige. The bird has an all-white body with the colored feathers on its tail edged in near-white. It is uncommon enough that the American Livestock Breeds Conservancy regards its status as "critical".
Pomeranian varieties and related breeds are also raised in the United Kingdom. Categorizing geese can be a complex matter as indicated by this 2004 letter in the bulletin of the "Society for the Preservation of Poultry Antiquities Bulletin":
Toulouse x Embden cross is what gave us the English Greybacks and Buff Backs and the American Saddlebacks. All three of these breeds have Pomerainan blood and their standard represents that. The historical Pomeranian has been a major working goose in America, which is also the root of the confusion. Greyback, buff back, pied, spotted or saddleback refers to the pattern of plumage. These do not identify the breed of goose. Some breeds that have these markings are the British Buff Back, British Greyback, American Saddleback and the Historical Pomeranian. A saddleback goose is not necessary a Pomeranian. To avoid confusion, specific language is required to identify the separate breeds.

</doc>
<doc id="18778749" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18778749" title="Hornedo Middle School">
Hornedo Middle School

Hornedo Middle School is a middle school located in northwest El Paso, Texas. It serves 1,200 sixth, seventh, and eighth grade students. The school mascot is the Tornado and the school colors are navy, white, and silver. The school's current location opened to students in August, 2010. 
Hornedo Middle School's original location was constructed from 1992 to 1993 to house Franklin High School's freshman. It opened in August of 1993. In 1994 Franklin moved to a larger building on the same property and Hornedo was opened for the 1994-1995 school year housing sixth, seventh, and eighth graders. In early 2007, the El Paso Independent School District chose to make Hornedo an eighth and ninth grade school. The neighboring Franklin High School housed tenth to twelfth grade students. Hornedo sixth and seventh grade students attended newly built Brown Middle School, located approximately two and a half miles northwest of Hornedo. This change took place in the beginning of the 2007-2008 school year. In 2008, construction began on the new Hornedo Middle School facility with a projected completion date of 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="18778752" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18778752" title="Pelbilin">
Pelbilin

Pelbilin is a town in the Pella Department of Boulkiemdé Province in central western Burkina Faso. It has a population of 590.

</doc>
<doc id="18778761" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18778761" title="Sarana, Pella">
Sarana, Pella

Sarana, Pella is a town in the Pella Department of Boulkiemdé Province in central western Burkina Faso. It has a population of 1,774.

</doc>
<doc id="18778762" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18778762" title="Temora Airport">
Temora Airport

Temora Airport is a small airport located northwest of Temora, New South Wales, Australia. Currently no scheduled passenger fights serve the airport. The current owner, the Temora Shire Council do not charge landing fees for aircraft to use the facility, encouraging a wide variety of general aviation uses, including skydiving, gliding, flight training, kit aircraft assembly and aircraft maintenance. It is also the home of the Temora Aviation Museum and hosts regularly flying displays and events.
History.
Due to the Temora area's favourable climate and geography, following the outbreak of World War II the airport was controlled by the Royal Australian Air Force and in 1941 No. 10 Elementary Flying Training School (TENEFTS) was established to provide initial flight training for pilot graduates. During the unit's operation, the airfield was extended significantly, processing some 2527 graduates. At its peak in 1944, 97 de Havilland Tiger Moth aircraft were based at the school. After World War II, the airfield was handed to the Department of Civil Aviation.
Following the war, in 1946 local veterans and pilots founded the Temora Aero Club, utilising a Bellman Hangar as a club house. This hangar is still maintained by the club. Club members have been instrumental in the improvement and development of the airport facilities, such as David Lowy, 1998 Australian Aerobatics Champion, who later founded the Temora Aviation Museum.
A 1991 reunion of TENEFTS personnel saw 71 de Havilland Tiger Moths flown to Temora to commemorate the 50th anniversary of the unit's establishment. Many of these aircraft had been based with the school
In November 2004, the Temora Shire Council completed a $3.8 million upgrade to the airport, opening the new runway 05/23. The new runway allows the airport to handle aircraft up to Boeing 737 size and provides more flexibility for aircraft operations at night and in variable wind conditions. An official ceremony was attended by Prime Minister John Howard on 16 September 2006 to open the runway and acknowledge the achievements of the Temora Aviation Museum.

</doc>
<doc id="18778778" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18778778" title="Somassi, Boulkiemdé">
Somassi, Boulkiemdé

Somassi, Boulkiemdé is a village in the Pella Department of Boulkiemdé Province in central western Burkina Faso. It has a population of 965.

</doc>
<doc id="18778784" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18778784" title="2009 Auto Club 500">
2009 Auto Club 500

The 2009 Auto Club 500 was the second race of the 2009 NASCAR Sprint Cup season. the race occurred on February 22, 2009, at the Auto Club Speedway in Fontana, California, from Los Angeles and was one of the cleanest races in the history of the track with only one caution for an on track incident out of all 250 laps. Fox broadcast the race beginning at 5 PM US EST with radio coverage on MRN (terrestrial) and Sirius XM Radio (satellite) starting at 5:15 PM US EST. The race started at 3 PM local time, and run into prime time, counterprogramming against the Academy Awards.
Race report.
Little Big Town performed the National Anthem and actor Hugh Laurie gave the command to start engines.
Brian Vickers (polesitter), Michael Waltrip (42nd), David Reutimann (7th), Dale Earnhardt, Jr. (35th), and Reed Sorenson (17th) started from back because of engine and transmission changes.
Actress Angie Harmon waved the green flag as Jamie McMurray started in first place, but was passed by Jimmie Johnson on the backstretch for the lead. The first caution came out on lap 5; a light rain shower over turn 4. Ryan Newman's transponder was malfunctioning and had to go to pit road for repair. After leaving the pits. the left endplate of the rear spoiler on Newman's car fell off. Newman, again, came down pit road for repairs. VIckers reported his car's carburetor had stopped working a few times under caution. Lap 17: Earnhardt, Jr., Logano, Blaney and others stopped for fuel. The field restarted on lap 23 with Jimmie Johnson in the lead, followed by Jamie McMurray, Jeff Gordon and brothers Kurt and Kyle Busch.
Since the restart, in 13 laps, Daytona 500 winner Matt Kenseth moved up to 11th position from 20th position; David Ragan ran in 7th from the 19th position. Joe Nemechek made his way to pit road where his crew then pushed the car to the garage on lap 37. The yellow flag was waved on lap 41 because of light rain. Drivers start their first round of pit stops; Kurt Busch and Jimmie Johnson switched positions for first and second, Ragan gained five positions, and teammate Kenseth gained seven positions on pit road. Reed Sorenson was too fast entering and exiting pit road, served a drive thru penalty. Restart on lap 47.
Jimmie Johnson edged ahead of Kurt Busch to the start/finish line for the lead after the restart. Dave Blaney entered pit road with no power on lap 50. Lap 67, Jimmie Johnson continued to led laps; Scott Riggs headed to the garage, third driver to do so (Blaney and Nemechek); he returned to the track, eight laps down, in 41st on lap. Jeff Gordon led his first lap in the race on lap 78. Drivers Casey Mears, Jeff Burton, John Andretti, Joey Logano, Scott Speed, and Jeremy Mayfield went a lap down when Gordon took the lead. Lap 85, second round of pitstops. Teammates Greg Biffle and Carl Edwards each led a lap during the round of pitstops.
On lap 119, drivers began their the third round of pitstops. Jeff Gordon remained the leader until Biffle's crew completed the pit stop quicker than Gordon's crew during the pitstop round; no pit road penalties were served. Biffle led an additional 13 laps until the yellow flag waved on lap 140 because of light rain; Michael Waltrip gets the 'lucky dog' free pass. Drivers entered pit road with Biffle in the lead. Kenseth gained three positions for the lead (4th to 1st), Biffle lost a position (1st to 2nd), Johnson lost two positions (4th to 6th), and Harvick gained two positions (12th to 10th) after completing their stops. Montoya stayed on the track and led a lap before he entered pit road.
The field restarted with Kenseth in the lead, Biffle in second, Gordon in third, Kurt Busch in fourth, and Jimmie Johnson in fifth on lap 151. Teammates Johnson and Gordon battled for second as Kenseth pulled away and led laps. David Ragan in 19th, a lap down, reported an overheating engine on lap 161. Scott Speed entered pit road reporting with no power before the fourth caution on lap 169, again, because of rain. Vickers, in 18th place, gets the lucky dog free pass. Hendrick Motorsports drivers Johnson, Martin, Earnhardt, Jr. reported problems on the same lap. Fourth round of pitstops: Johnson gained three positions (5th to 2nd), Gordon lost a position (2nd to 3rd), Biffle lost three positions (6th to 9th), Hamlin gained one position (8th to 7th), Edwards lost three positions (7th to 10th). Robby Gordon was too fast exiting pit road; Robby Gordon was served a drive through penalty. Stewart stayed out as did Montoya, Martin, Stremme, and Reutimann. After leading three laps, Stewart and others entered the pits handling over the lead to Mark Martin before Martin entered pit road.
The field restarted with Kenseth, Johnson, Gordon, and brothers Kurt and Kyle Busch in the top five on lap 176. Earnhardt, Jr. restarted in 17th after engine repairs. Mark Martin's engine blew out of turn 2 after the restart. Martin coasted the car to pit road; no caution. Running in 10th, Jaime McMurray reported concerns on his brakes on lap 189. Jeff Gordon and Matt Kenseth battled for the lead with 55 laps to go; Gordon retook the lead, leading lap 195. Kenseth, then, fell back to third behind teammate Greg Biffle. Earnhardt, Jr. drove his car to the garage, like teammate Martin, because of engine problems on lap 206.
Harvick, running in 12th, lost the right front tire, hit and slid across the outside wall between turn one and two on lap 207, ending a streak of 81 races running at the finish. It was also the first time Harvick got a DNF with Shell-Pennzoil sponsorship. Fifth caution of the race; Kasey Kahne got the 'lucky dog' pass. During the pitstop round, Kenseth moved up two positions (3rd to 1st), Gordon lost a position (1st to 2nd), Hamlin and Kurt Busch gained two spots, Steward and Vickers moved up three spots, Biffle lost nine positions, and McMurray lost three positions. Biffle lost nine spots because he ran over the air hose. David Stremme stayed out and led three laps. Kenseth, Gordon, Kyle Busch, Hamlin, and Kurt Busch, in the top five, restart the field on lap 215. The drivers in the top five positions remained unchanged until lap 242 when Hamlin and Kurt Busch switched positions. Aric Amirola, a lap down, slowed on the backstretch; no caution. Kenseth held off a hard-charging Gordon for his 18th win.
Kenseth was the second driver to win the first two races in a season (J. Gordon, 1997) and the third driver to win the Daytona 500 and the race after (Cale Yarborough, 1977). Jeff Gordon, Kyle Busch, Greg Biffle, and Kurt Busch made up the top five. Brian Vickers, after starting from the back, finished in 10th place. Rookie Joey Logano was in 26th place, a lap down. Dale Earnhardt, Jr., because of engine problems, was in 39th, 45 laps down, finishing ahead of teammate Mark Martin who also had engine problems.
Point standings.
Jeff Gordon jumped ten positions in the standings from 12th to 2nd. Greg Biffle moved to 5th from 20th. Carl Edwards was in 9th from 18th. Kyle Busch moved up 20 positions from 38th to 18th. Jimmie Johnson was in 19th from 31st. Brian Vickers moved up 14 spots from 40th. Travis Kvapil, from 42nd, was in 30th.
Elliott Sadler dropped six spots from 5th. A.J. Allmendinger lost ten positions from the 3rd position. Kevin Harvick went from 2nd to 16th. Martin Truex, Jr. dropped seven positions to 17th. Mark Martin lost twelve spots from 15th to 27th. Dale Earnhardt, Jr. lost nine spots from the 26th place in the standings.

</doc>
<doc id="18778801" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18778801" title="Poa, Boulkiemdé">
Poa, Boulkiemdé

Poa, Boulkiemdé is a town in the Poa Department of Boulkiemdé Province in central western Burkina Faso. It is the capital of the Poa Department and has a population of 7,037.

</doc>
<doc id="18778805" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18778805" title="Salvaging What's Left">
Salvaging What's Left

"Salvaging What's Left" is the debut E.P. by Australian Death Metal act The Red Shore.<br>
The Track "Effigy of Death" was played at lead singer Damien Morris' funeral after he and merchandise manager Andy Milner were killed in 2007 whilst supporting All Shall Perish. The band re-recorded the whole EP(and Pre-Production Demo) for the 2009 release Lost Verses.
The first track also contains a pregap track titled "Fuck Off and Die".

</doc>
<doc id="18778809" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18778809" title="2009 Shelby 427">
2009 Shelby 427

The 2009 Shelby 427 was the third race of the 2009 NASCAR Sprint Cup season. This race took place on March 1 of that year at the Las Vegas Motor Speedway in the namesake Nevada city. The race was won by Kyle Busch.
The race was telecast by Fox with a radio broadcast by Performance Racing Network (terrestrial) and Sirius XM Radio (satellite).
The race title reflects the new title sponsor, Carroll Shelby International, which has its home base at LVMS, and the Shelby Cobra 427, which is made in Nevada. The race had previously been in length, but will as of 2009 have an extra added into the race name which equates to an addition of 18 laps, meaning that the race will now be a 285-lap duration.
Qualifying.
Kyle Busch won the pole for the Shelby 427 at a new track record of 185.995 mph. The remainder of the top 10 were Kyle's brother Kurt Busch (185.707 mph), Jimmie Johnson(185.688 mph), David Reutimann (185.624 mph), Marcos Ambrose (185.459 mph), Ryan Newman (185.395 mph), Kasey Kahne (185.382 mph), Mark Martin (185.312 mph), Kevin Harvick (185.280 mph), Tony Stewart (185.217 mph).
Pre-race.
Jersey Boys performed the national anthem and Carroll Shelby gave the command to start engines.
Race.
Toyota cars #00, 18 (polesitter), 47, 82, 83 were sent to the back of the field because of engine changes.
Kurt Busch and Jimmie Johnson led the field to the green flag. Johnson led the first lap; Brad Keweloski hit the wall out of turn 4 causing a flat tire and the first caution of the day. Kenseth reported engine trouble, came onto pit road where his crew fixed the problem, but Kenseth was too fast exiting pit road. Kenseth was served the penalty of restarting from the tail end of the field.
Restart on lap 6 with Johnson, Kurt Busch, Harvick, Newman, and Stremme in the top five. Daytona 500 winner and point leader Kenseth's engine blew on the front stretch on lap 7 while Todd Bodine spun out of turn 2 after a slight contact from behind by Hamlin. Second caution of the day. Brad Keweloski got the luck dog free pass.
Restart on lap 11. No change in positions in the top five. As of lap 19, Edwards was in 9th from starting 16th, Montoya was running in 8th from the 23rd starting position, and Kyle Busch was in 30th after starting from the back. Johnson continued to led laps since the first lap. Brad Keweloski drove his car to the garage on lap 36. Within 50 laps since the start of the race, McMurray gained 19 positions, Gordon and Ruetimann moved up 16 positions, Biffle gained 15 positions, and Vickers gained 14 positions. Green flag pit stops ensued on lap 48. Earnhardt, Jr. was served a pass through penalty for being too fast exiting pit road. Regan Smith and Casey Mears were also served the pass through penalty for entering too fast on pit road. Edwards and Kyle Busch each led two laps and Logano led a lap during the green flag pit stops.
Caution on lap 60 for debris on the track. Newman won the lucky dog free pass. Kahne, Waltrip, Hamlin and others entered pit road during the caution. John Andretti, David Gilliland, Scott Speed, Clint Bowyer, Earnhardt, Jr., Regan Smith, Todd Bodine, A.J. Allmendinger, Robby Gordon, Martin Truex, Jr., and Elliot Sadler were a lap down when the caution flag was waved.
Restart on lap 65 with Johnson, Edwards, Kurt Busch, Harvick and Biffle in the top five. McMurray, running in 13th, was hit from behind by Logano and slid out of turn 2, but maintained control. No caution. McMurray dropped to 26th as a result. Lap 74, Regan Smith came on pit road with engine troubles. Fourth caution of the day. Clint Bowyer got the free pass. During the round of pit stops, Harvick, Stewart, and Montoya gain four positions, Gordon and Hamlin gain five spots, Mark Martin gain two spots, Kurt Busch lost four spots, Jeff Burton and Kyle Busch gained six positions and Johnson, taking four tires, lost nine spots.
Restart on lap 83 with Harvick, Stewart, Biffle, Jeff Gordon, Mark Martin, Kurt Busch, Burton, Montoya, Hamlin, and Johnson in the top ten. In two laps, Biffle took in the lead from Harvick. Lap 90, Jeff Gordon took second place from Harvick. Brad Keweloski returned to the track 57 laps down in the 42nd position. Lap 95, Edwards made contact to Stremme's left rear quarter panel, sending Stremme spinning out of turn 2. Fifth caution of the race. Earnhardt, Jr. got the free pass. Harvick lost two spots, Burton gain three positions, Amirola gained fourteen spots, and Bowyer gained eight spots during the round of pit stops. Biffle and former teammate Mark Martin stayed on the track.
Restart on lap 100 with Biffle, Mart Martin, Jeff Gordon, Kurt Bush, and Johnson in the top five. Bowyer and Montoya, running in 14th, made contact entering turn 1. No caution. Montoya entered pit road and exited in the 27th position. Lap 122, Mark Martin, running in 4th, blew the engine bring the sixth caution. Martin Truex, Jr. got the free pass. During the pitstop round, Jonson and McMurray gained two spots and Biffle and Stewart lost two positions. Kasey Kahne stayed out to led a lap before entering pit road.
Johnson, Jeff Gordon, Biffle, McMurray, Burton, Stewart, Harvick, Kyle Busch, Hamlin, and Hornish, Jr. were in the top ten during the restart on lap 131. Seventh caution on lap 138 when Reed Sorenson lost control exiting turn 2 and hit the outside wall of the backstretch; Robby Gordon got the lucky dog free pass. Hornish, Jr. entered pit road from the 10th position. The field restarted on lap 143 with Johnson as the leader. Amirola hit the outside wall in turn 3 then slowed on the backstretch where Kasey Kahne tried to avoid hitting Amirola's car. Kahne slid off the track, making slight contact with Amirola. Menard, Bobby Labonte, and Robby Gordon, from the end of the lead lap, made pit stops.
Restart on lap 149 with Johnson, Jeff Gordon, Biffle, Stewart, and Kyle Busch in the top five. Jeff Gordon took the lead away from Johnson in two laps. On lap 160, Jeff Gordon let his 20,000th Sprint Cup lap, (7th all-time record). Lap 164, Waltrip, running in the 20th position, lost control in turn 4, hit the outside wall. Eighth caution; David Gilliland got the free pass. During the round of pitstops, Burton gained seven spots, Bobby Labonte moved up twelve spots, Vickers moved up thirteen spots, Martin Truex, Jr. gained fourteen spots, Biffle lost two, and Jeff Gordon and Jimmie Johnson both lost five spots.
Restart on lap 169 with Burton, Bobby Labonte, Vickers, Truex, Jr., Biffle, Jeff Gordon, Johnson, Kyle Busch, Stewart, and Edwards in the top ten. One lap later, Hamlin, running in 13th, lost control between turn 3 and 4, sliding across the outside wall, bring out the tenth caution. John Andretti got the free pass. The field restarted on lap 175 with Burton in the lead. Jimmie Johnson took second from Bobby Labonte on lap 187.
Eleventh caution on lap 220, Jeff Gordon missed the entrance to pit road and blew his left front tire causing damage during green flag pitstops. Edwards beat Labonte off pit road for the second position, but Edwards' crew missed placing a lugnut. Burton maintains the lead off pit road. Jimmie Johnson slid on then past his pitbox. Dave Gilliland got the free pass for the second time. The field restarted on lap 228 with Burton, Labonte, Kyle Busch, Vickers, and Ruetimann in the top five. Kyle Busch, the pole winner, took the lead from Burton in less than one lap.
Twelfth caution for debris (new race record) on lap 259. Sam Hornish, Jr. got the free pass. Clint Bowyer stayed on the track as the field entered pit road: Burton moved up five spots, Jeff Gordon gained seven spots, Kyle Busch lost two positions, and Labonte and Vickers both lost four positions. Labonte and Johnson nearly collided as Labonte was leaving his pit box and Johnson was entering his.
Restart on lap 264 with Bowyer, Burton, Jeff Gordon, Kyle Busch, Reutimann, Edwards, Labonte, Vickers, Kahne, and McMurray in the top ten. In two laps, Kyle Busch was in third behind Bowyer and Burton. Lap 267, Kyle Busch took second from Burton out of turn 2. In the next lap, Kyle Busch took the lead from Bowyer out of turn 2. Caution for the thirteenth time on lap 269 after Menard, racing between Amborise and Logano, lost control and hit the outside wall out of turn 4. Harvick got the free pass. From the end of the lead lap, Earnhardt, Jr., Robby Gordon, Hornish, Jr. and Gilliland made pitstops.
The field restarted on lap 278 with Kyle Busch, Burton, Bowyer, Reutimann, Jeff Gordon, Edwards, Labonte, Vickers, McMurray and Jimmie Johnson in the top ten. Caution a lap later; Jimmie Johnson, running in 10th, lost control in turn 2 and hit the outside wall, damaging the front right and back right end. Restart on lap 282 with Kyle Busch as the leader. Two laps to go, Bowyer passed teammate Burton for second as Edwards's engine blew. Edwards managed to keep his car away the field; no caution. Kyle Busch, who started from the back from pole position, took the checkered flag for the first time in the season.
Clint Bowyer finished second ahead of Richard Childress Racing teammate Jeff Burton. David Reutimann was in fourth, his first career top 5 finish in the Cup series. Bobby Labonte, in fifth, had the highest-finishing Ford. Jamie McMurray finish in 9th after starting the race in 38th. Kasey Kahne had the best finished Dodge in 11th. Rookies Joey Logano and Scott Speed were in 13th and 21st respectively. Jimmie Johnson, leading the most laps (92), finished in 24th. Stewart Haas Motorsports drivers Ryan Newman and Tony Stewart finished in 25th and 26th respectively. Daytona 500 winner Matt Kenseth finished in 43rd behind of teammate David Regan because of engine problems.
Point standings.
Jeff Burton moved from 31st to 18th in the standings. Kyle Busch and Bobby Labonte gained twelve spots from the 18th position and the 22nd position respectively. Kasey Kahne moved from 23rd to 13th. Brian Vickers, from 26th in the standings, was in 17th after the race. David Reutimann and David Gilliland both gained seven spots from the 12th and 44th in the standings respectively. Jaime McMurray and Dale Earnhardt, Jr. gained six spots from 28th and 35th respectively. Gaining five pointings, Kevin Harvick was in 11th, Joey Logano in 32nd, Regan Smith in 35th, and Scott Speed in 36th. Clint Bowyer was in second behind Jeff Gordon from the 6th position in the standings.
David Ragan lost sixteen spots from the eighth position to 24th. Reed Sorenson dropped to 25th from the 14th position. Martin Truex, Jr. lost nine positions from 17th in the standings. A.J. Allmendinger went from 13th to 21st in the standings. Casey Mears and Mark Martin lost seven spots from the 20th and 27th position respectively. Losing five positions in the standings, Michael Waltrip was in 12th from 7th, Juan Pablo Montoya in 15th from 10th, Elliott Salder in 16th from 11th, and John Anderetti was in 30th from 25th. Kurt Busch and Tony Stewart both lost four positions from the 3rd and 4th position respectively. Daytona 500 winner Matt Kenseth dropped to 3rd from 1st in the standings.

</doc>
<doc id="18778812" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18778812" title="Tibooburra Airport">
Tibooburra Airport

Tibooburra Airport is a small airport located east of Tibooburra, New South Wales, Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="18778815" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18778815" title="Pump It Up (Joe Budden song)">
Pump It Up (Joe Budden song)

"Pump It Up" is a song written and recorded by American hip hop artist Joe Budden. It was released on May 8, 2003 as lead single from his self-titled debut. It was featured in 2 Fast 2 Furious, You Got Served and on Madden NFL 2004, and peaked at number thirty eight on the Billboard Hot 100 and number thirteen in the United Kingdom.
The song was produced by Just Blaze; Beanie Sigel, Freeway & Jay-Z originally turned down the beat before Joe Budden used it. It contains a sample from "Soul Vibrations" as performed by Kool & the Gang.
Remix.
The official remix is a mash-up of two beef freestyles by Jay-Z & Joe Budden against the other person. Jay-Z's freestyle of the song is included in the deluxe edition of his compilation album, "The Hits Collection Vol. 1".

</doc>
<doc id="18778818" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18778818" title="Gogo, Boulkiemdé">
Gogo, Boulkiemdé

Gogo, Boulkiemdé is a town in the Poa Department of Boulkiemdé Province in central western Burkina Faso. It has a population of 2,969.

</doc>
<doc id="18778820" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18778820" title="Where the Cash At?">
Where the Cash At?

"Where the Cash At?", is a song by rapper/producer Swizz Beatz. Released as a street single, the song was set to appear on his album "Life After the Party", now titled "Haute Living". Swizz Beatz teamed up with "I Get Money" producer Apex for the production of the song.
Music video.
The music video is black and white and was directed by Parris. The video was exclusively premiered by 50 Cent 's website Thisis50.com on July 7, 2008. The video focuses on Swizz, rapping in different places, such as at a club, in a car and at his house.
Other versions.
The hard hitting production has been used by many rappers. Most notably, Lloyd Banks who entitled his version "Top 5", Jadakiss who renamed his "Child Abuse", The Riot Squad who featured Joe Budden and Stack Bundles on their version titled "You Know What'll Happen" and French Montana who recorded his song "17000", which takes shots at Jim Jones. Swizz Beatz former artist, Cassidy recorded a freestyle entitled "Where is Cass At?", in which he clears up where he's been. Wiz Khalifa also recorded a freestyle.

</doc>
<doc id="18778823" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18778823" title="Roman Catholic Diocese of Tandag">
Roman Catholic Diocese of Tandag

The Roman Catholic Diocese of Tandag (Lat: "Dioecesis Tandagensis") is a diocese of the Latin Rite of the Roman Catholic Church in the Philippines. 
Erected in 1978, the diocese was created from territory in the Diocese of Surigao. 
The diocese has experienced no jurisdictional changes, and is a suffragan of the Archdiocese of Cagayan de Oro.
The current bishop is Nereo P. Odchimar, appointed in 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="18778826" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18778826" title="Ixtepeque">
Ixtepeque

Volcán Ixtepeque is a stratovolcano in southern Guatemala. It consists of several rhyolitic lava domes and basaltic cinder cones. 
Its name is derived from the nahuatl word for obsidian. Ixtepeque was one of the most important obsidian sources in pre-Columbian Mesoamerica.

</doc>
<doc id="18778828" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18778828" title="Loaga">
Loaga

Loaga is a town in the Poa Department of Boulkiemdé Province in central western Burkina Faso. It has a population of 4,873.

</doc>
<doc id="18778835" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18778835" title="Tumut Airport">
Tumut Airport

Tumut Airport is a small airport in Tumut, New South Wales, Australia. The airport was constructed during the 1960s, replacing an earlier airfield known as Butler's Field on a nearby private property. The airport caters mostly to general aviation and recreational category aircraft, and is located within two hours flying time of both Sydney and Melbourne, half an hour from Canberra and within minutes of Wagga Wagga Airport offering major aircraft maintenance facilities.
The main tenant at the airfield is the Tumut Aero Club, who offer flight training and hangar rental on-site. The Aero Club also maintains the Tumut Airport Lodge, a conversion of the former terminal building that functions as an accommodation facility for up to four people aimed at visiting pilots and those stranded at the airport by weather. The Blue Sky Tumut Aviation Estate airpark is currently under development at the northern end of the field. Recreational flight training provider Air Escape is based at Tumut and is accredited by Recreational Aviation Australia.
The airport has one sealed runway measuring x suitable for use by aircraft with a maximum takeoff weight of up to . Emergency runway lighting is available allowing night operations for medical evacuations. Refuelling facilities are also provided.

</doc>
<doc id="18778836" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18778836" title="Moungounissi">
Moungounissi

Moungounissi is a town in the Poa Department of Boulkiemdé Province in central western Burkina Faso. It has a population of 1,157.

</doc>
<doc id="18778846" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18778846" title="Niangdo">
Niangdo

Niangdo is a town in the Poa Department of Boulkiemdé Province in central western Burkina Faso. It has a population of 3,496.

</doc>
<doc id="18778854" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18778854" title="Roman Catholic Diocese of Surigao">
Roman Catholic Diocese of Surigao

The Roman Catholic Diocese of Surigao (Lat: "Dioecesis Surigensis") is a diocese of the Latin Rite of the Roman Catholic Church in the Philippines.
Erected in 1939, the diocese is one of the older ecclesiastical territories in the Philippines. The diocese was split off from the Archdiocese of Cagayan de Oro. In 1978, the diocese was subdivided, and the Diocese of Tandag was split off.
The diocese is a suffragan of the Archdiocese of Cagayan de Oro.
The current bishop is Antonieto Dumagan Cabajog, appointed in 2001.
The jurisdiction of this diocese are the two provinces of Surigao del Norte and Dinagat Islands

</doc>
<doc id="18778855" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18778855" title="Noéssin">
Noéssin

Noéssin is a town in the Poa Department of Boulkiemdé Province in central western Burkina Faso. It has a population of 1,141.

</doc>
<doc id="18778861" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18778861" title="Ralo">
Ralo

Ralo is a town in the Poa Department of Boulkiemdé Province in central western Burkina Faso. It has a population of 2,913.

</doc>
<doc id="18778872" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18778872" title="Sogpelcé, Poa">
Sogpelcé, Poa

Sogpelcé is a town in the Poa Department of Boulkiemdé Province in central western Burkina Faso. It has a population of 1,597.

</doc>
<doc id="18778874" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18778874" title="Billy Petrolle">
Billy Petrolle

William Michael Petrolle (born 1905-01-10 in Berwick, PA — died 1983-05-14) was a world lightweight boxing title contender.
Personal.
Brother of fellow boxers Pete Petrolle and Frank Petrolle. The family was from Schenectady, New York.
Professional career.
Nicknamed "The Fargo Express", Petrolle is perhaps best known for challenging World Lightweight Title holder Tony Canzoneri. In 1932 the two met for the World Lightweight Title, and Canzoneri was "squarely at his peak: a Canzoneri so magnificently conditioned, so beautifully attuned that even the old-timers at the ringside admitted he was worthy to stand alongside the lightweight giants of the past." (United Press). Petrolle dropped a decision in the bout at Madison Square Garden.
It is said he had fought some 255 bouts.
Life After Boxing.
Petrolle retired during the Great Depression with $200,000 and an iron foundry in Duluth, Minnesota. He later owned a religious goods and gift shop in Duluth, and was the chairman of the Board of Directors of the Pioneer National Bank.
Honors.
Petrolle has graced the covers of The Ring Magazine in May 1927, March 1931, and May 1932. An article on him appeared in the July 2008 issue. 
Petrolle was elected to the Boxing Hall of Fame in 1962.
Billy Petrolle is mentioned in the novel Catch-22 during the trial of Clevinger. Quote "In sixty days you'll be fighting Billy Petrolle," the colonel with the big fat mustache roared. "And you think it's a big fat joke."

</doc>
<doc id="18778882" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18778882" title="Roman Catholic Diocese of Malaybalay">
Roman Catholic Diocese of Malaybalay

The Roman Catholic Diocese of Malaybalay (Lat: "Dioecesis Malaibalaiensis") is a diocese of the Latin Rite of the Roman Catholic Church in the Philippines.
Diocesan history.
The diocese was erected on April 25, 1969 as the Territorial Prelature of Malaybalay. On November 15, 1982, the prelature was elevated to a full diocese. 
The diocese is a suffragan of the Archdiocese of Cagayan de Oro.
The current Bishop-elect of Malaybalay is Jose Araneta Cabantan, appointed in 2010 by Pope Benedict XVI. The Bishop Emeritus is Honesto Chaves Pacana, S.J.
Area of coverage.
The Diocese of Malaybalay covers the province of Bukidnon except the municipality of Malitbog which is under the Archdiocese of Cagayan de Oro, the municipality of Wao, Lanao del Sur, and Brgy. Buda in Davao City. It covers an area of 8, 294 square kilometers with a population exceeding one million, 80% of which are Roman Catholics.
The diocese has 39 parishes and mission stations grouped together into 7 deaneries.

</doc>
<doc id="18778893" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18778893" title="Yaoguin">
Yaoguin

Yaoguin is a town in the Poa Department of Boulkiemdé Province in central western Burkina Faso. It has a population of 3,485.

</doc>
<doc id="18778898" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18778898" title="Young Airport">
Young Airport

Young Airport is an airport serving Young, New South Wales, Australia. It is located northwest of Young and operated by the Young Shire Council.
Facilities.
The airport resides at an elevation of above sea level. It has one runway designated 01/19 with an asphalt surface measuring .

</doc>
<doc id="18778903" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18778903" title="Joel Mark Noe">
Joel Mark Noe

Joel Noe (March 7, 1943 - September 13, 1991), MD, FACS, was a pioneering plastic surgeon at Beth Israel Hospital in Boston, Massachusetts who founded one of the nation's first burn units and argon laser programs. He specialized in the laser removal of birthmarks.
Noe, an Assistant Clinical Professor at Harvard Medical School, was editor of "Aesthetic Surgery," the journal of the American Society for Aesthetic Plastic Surgery. In addition to his 54 publications in peer-reviewed journals and 22 book chapters, he was also a coeditor of "Chronic Wound Problems" (1983, Little, Brown and Co.), "Cutaneous Laser Surgery: Principles and Methods" (1983, John Wiley and Sons), and "Illustrated Cutaneous Laser Surgery" (1990, Appleton & Lange). 
A native of Boston, Noe graduated from Marblehead High School in 1961, Harvard College in 1965, and Harvard Medical School in 1969. He trained in surgery at the Massachusetts General Hospital, where he was named Outstanding Surgical Intern, and in plastic surgery at the Stanford University Medical Center. Following 1973, under the Interplast Volunteer Program, Noe performed corrective surgery on children in Latin America with birth defects such as cleft palates.
In 1977, two years after joining the Beth Israel, Noe founded and directed the hospital's burn unit and argon laser program.
Wine-colored birthmarks known as capillary hemangiomas, which occur in about one out of 200 Americans, can be removed with a hand-held argon laser. Noe taught hundreds of physicians from around the world how to use the device, and appeared on Good Morning America on 11 July 1990 to discuss the use of lasers in plastic surgeries. 
Noe died of cancer on 13 September 1991. In his memory, a youth basketball league has been named after him in his family's hometown of Brookline, Massachusetts where he volunteered as a coach for the Brookline youth basketball league.

</doc>
<doc id="18778904" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18778904" title="Roman Catholic Diocese of Butuan">
Roman Catholic Diocese of Butuan

The Roman Catholic Diocese of Butuan (Lat: "Dioecesis Butuanensis") is a diocese of the Latin Rite of the Roman Catholic Church in the Philippines. 
Erected in 1967, the diocese is a suffragan of the Archdiocese of Cagayan de Oro.
The current bishop is Juan de Dios Mataflorida Pueblos, appointed in 1995. 

</doc>
<doc id="18778907" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18778907" title="Yargo-Yarcés">
Yargo-Yarcés

Yargo-Yarcés is a town in the Poa Department of Boulkiemdé Province in central western Burkina Faso. It has a population of 1,738.

</doc>
<doc id="18778928" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18778928" title="Roman Catholic Diocese of Virac">
Roman Catholic Diocese of Virac

The Roman Catholic Diocese of Virac (Lat: "Dioecesis Viracensis") is a diocese of the Latin Rite of the Roman Catholic Church in the Philippines. The Diocese of Virac, Catanduanes was established in 1974, from territory in the Diocese of Legazpi and the diocese is a suffragan of the Archdiocese of Caceres.
The current bishop is Manolo Alarcon de los Santos, appointed in 1994.
History.
The Diocese of Virac in the islands of Catanduanes was canonically established on August 27, 1974 with the Most Rev. Jose Crisologo Sorra, from Virac, as the first Bishop. At the start, there were 16 parishes (11 town parishes and 5 barrio parishes) and around 25 priests in the active ministry assigned in the different parishes, diocesan commissions and offices, and in the seminary.
The Minor Seminary and Pre-College Seminary.
The Immaculate Conception Minor Seminary, located at the Fiat Compound in Cavinitan, was opened in 1976. The first batch of first year high school seminarians stayed at a dormitory located at the Immaculate Conception Seminary Academy (formerly Immaculate Conception Academy) in downtown Virac, where they also went for their academic studies. In the school year 1976-77, these seminarians were transferred to the Nazareth Homes (west wing) until the seminary was ready to house them. They used the present study hall as their dormitory while the seminary dorm was on its final finishing. The seminary dormitory was finished and used in the school year 1978-1979.
The Minor Seminary attracted many young boys, and many parents, and served as a seedbed for young vocations to the priesthood until the year 1984 when, together with the Immaculate Conception Seminary Academy (ICSA), it had to close due to financial constraints. The closure the Minor Seminary and ICSA was a great loss indeed.
In June 1986, the seminary reopened as a Pre-College Seminary. Those who wish to enter the College Seminary (Philosophy) undergo a one year training formation at the Pre-College Seminary. This has become an alternative to the Minor Seminary and instead of spending four years of high school studies in the seminary before proceeding to College Seminary, one can opt to study high school outside the seminary and then enter the Pre-College Seminary for one year before proceeding to the College Seminary.
In school year 2005-2006, the diocese opened a Minor Seminary again, together with the revival of the Immaculate Conception Seminary Academy (ICSA), the former Immaculate Conception Academy (ICA), now called Immaculate Conception Academy Students and Alumni School (ICASAS), occupying the Stella Maris building and compound, in Concepcion, downtown Virac. The revived ICA/ICSA is now under the administration of ICA/ICSA Alumni, with the blessing of the Bishop of Virac. The first batch of first year high school seminarians go to this school for their academic training.
The Bishop’s Palace and Other Buildings at the Fiat Compound.
The Bishop’s Palace was built adjacent to the seminary. The Nazareth Homes, located at the back of the seminary, were originally constructed as quarters for priests which they could use during their monthly clergy meetings, diocesan affairs, and every time they come to Virac. The Nazareth Homes also served as sleeping quarters for retreatants, Marriage Encounterers, Youth Encounterers and visitors. To facilitate retreats, recollections and meetings, an Octagon Hall was constructed between the seminary and Nazareth Homes.
Other buildings followed. Beside the seminary, the Fiat Printing Press. And at the back of the Nazareth Homes, the Rattan Shop. These two establishments catered to the out-of-school youth who were employed at the Press and the Rattan Shop. The Rattan Shop closed in 1993. The Fiat Press continues to function until today.
The Episcopate.
Jose Sorra, first Bishop of Virac, served the diocese until 1993 when he was transferred to the Diocese of Legaspi. The diocese was vacant vacante for almost a year until September 12, 1994 when a new Bishop of Virac was installed: the Most Rev. Manolo Alarcon de los Santos, from the Archdiocese of Caceres.
The Clergy and religious.
As of October 2005, there are 40 priests and 8 deacons assigned in the parishes, commissions, offices and seminary. There are 20 priests on loan to or on sabbatical leave in other dioceses (10 in Canada, 4 in USA, 5 in Manila, and 1 in Legazpi), and 1 priest on study leave. Bishop Sorra had ordained 25 priests during his term, and Bishop de los Santos had ordained 34 priests to date.
There are 2 priests of the St. John the Precursor Congregation for Men who run their aspirancy formation in Tibang, Calatagan, Virac. They also help in the parishes as part of their apostolate.
There are 6 women religious congregations helping in the different commissions, apostolates and ministries of the diocese: Congregation of St. John the Baptist (Baptistine Sisters), Missionary Catechists of St. Therese (MCST), Daughters of Mary (DM), Daughters of Charity (DC), Siervas de Jesus (SJ), and Contemplatives of the Religious of the Good Shepherd (RGS). Recently, Bishop de los Santos created in the diocese a new congregation, an Hermitage for women religious, which at present has one member.
The seminarians.
In the school year 2005-2006, there were 101 seminarians:
The vicariates and parishes.
As of 2005, the diocese is composed of 5 vicariates, with 19 parishes and 4 mission churches. One of these vicariates, two of these parishes, and all the four mission churches were created by Bishop Manolo de los Santos.
The First Diocesan Synod.
On the occasion of the silver jubilee of the Diocese of Virac, Bishop de los Santos convoked the First Diocesan Synod held on August 28 to September 8, 1999. The synod was a very opportune event in the diocese to see and evaluate what has become of the diocese after 25 years of existence, and thus set a new direction and vision for the diocese, if necessary.
The greatest achievement of the synod is the launching and implementation of the diocesan thrust called the New Evangelization Pastorale (NEP), authored by the late Rt. Rev. Msgr. Jose Borja Molina, PA, Moderator Curiae, Finance Administrator, Vicar General, and Parish Priest of the Cathedral Parish of Our Lady of the Immaculate Conception, Virac. During the synod, he presented the Main Working Paper on Christian Life titled: “Renewing the Christian Life: Agenda for the Third Millennium”. As the main document of the synod, we have adopted it as the Principle of the Diocesan Pastoral Plan.
The NEP would be the soul of the Diocesan Pastoral Plan which the synod primarily envisioned to make in order to give a common goal and direction to all pastoral activities in the entire diocese as expressed in the Diocesan Vision made during the synod. As a diocesan thrust, the NEP would be implemented in all Parishes and Mission Churches in the diocese.
The First Diocesan Pastoral Assembly.
Five years after the First Diocesan Synod, another milestone marked the history of the diocese: on August 24–27, 2004 Bishop de los Santos called for a Diocesan Pastoral Assembly to see and evaluate the pastoral work of the Local Church and address some relevant issues affecting the Church, in line with the Diocesan Vision and the diocesan thrust of the New Evangelization Pastorale.
Once again, the Pastoral Assembly emphasized the urgent implementation of the NEP in all Parishes and Mission Churches, and the immediate creation of the Diocesan Pastoral Plan.
In that Pastoral Assembly, the major diocesan commissions at work presented their statutes, locating and aligning all their existing and future programs and activities with the stages, principles and structures of the NEP.
The Diocesan Pastoral Plan.
Since the First Diocesan Synod, the Diocesan Pastoral Council (DPC) has been created and tasked to draft the Diocesan Pastoral Plan. Hence, various discussions, consultations and deliberations had been done in the parish, vicarial, diocesan, and commission levels under the supervision of the DPC.
After some years of patient waiting, the diocese is now ready to launch and implement the 2005 Diocesan Pastoral Plan of the Diocese of Virac.

</doc>
<doc id="18778929" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18778929" title="Charley Mitchell (boxer)">
Charley Mitchell (boxer)

Charles Watson Mitchell (born November 24, 1861 in Birmingham, England — died April 3, 1918) was a world heavyweight boxing title contender.
Professional career.
Mitchell had exceptional ability at using London Prize Ring Rules to his advantage. During his career, he engaged in over 100 fights with both gloves and bare-knuckles, using the London Prize Ring Rules as well as the Queensberry Rules. He often fought men who outweighed him by 30 to 40 pounds. Mitchell took on all comers in London, often fighting as many as four bouts in one night. 
In 1880 he became the boxing instructor for the International Athletic Club at the "White Rose" in London, and opened a boxing school at the "Palais Rubens" in Antwerp, Belgium. Mitchell toured the United States and Canada with Jake Kilrain, and later Frank "Paddy" Slavin, putting on exhibitions, sometimes daily and sometimes on the same day as one of his fights. Mitchell was in Kilrain's corner on July 8, 1889 when he fought John L. Sullivan for the world heavyweight boxing championship. 
Mitchell came from Birmingham, England and fought John L. Sullivan in 1883, knocking him down in the first round. Their second meeting took place in 1888 on the grounds of a chateau at Chantilly, France in driving rain. It went on for more than two hours, at the end of which both men were unrecognisable and had suffered much loss of blood; neither could lift his arms to punch and the contest was considered a draw.
The local gendarmerie arrived at this point and managed to arrest Mitchell, who spent the next few days in a cell and was later fined by the local magistrate, boxing being illegal in France at that time. Sullivan managed to evade the law, swathed in bandages, and was taken back across the English Channel to spend the next few weeks convalescing in Liverpool. Mitchell acted as Sullivan's corner man for many years after.
In 1894 Mitchell fought in his most noteworthy bout, against James J Corbett for the world heavyweight championship. Corbett won by KO in the 3rd round, winning $20,000.
Death.
He died in Hove, England of what was called tabes dorsalis, also known as locomotor ataxia, on April 3, 1918.
Honors.
Mitchell was inducted into the Ring Magazine's Boxing Hall of Fame in 1957, and inducted into the International Boxing Hall of Fame (2002).

</doc>
<doc id="18778958" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18778958" title="Roman Catholic Diocese of Sorsogon">
Roman Catholic Diocese of Sorsogon

The Roman Catholic Diocese of Sorsogon (Latin: "Dioecesis Sorsogonensis") is a diocese of the Latin Rite of the Roman Catholic Church in the Philippines. The diocese was established in 1951 by the Archdiocese of Caceres, and in 1968, the diocese was subdivided after the Diocese of Masbate separated. The diocese is a suffragan of the Archdiocese of Caceres. The present bishop is Most Rev. Arturo Bastes, SVD and its vicar-general is Very Rev. Fr. Reynaldo Mabute, VG.

</doc>
<doc id="18778969" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18778969" title="Unconsecrated (album)">
Unconsecrated (album)

Unconsecrated is the debut studio album by Australian death metal band The Red Shore, released on 8 November 2008. It was originally set for a 22 September release through Siege of Amida Records, but was delayed. A limited edition was released as a CD/DVD package containing a documentary and live performance.
Background information.
In an interview with Australian underground magazine "Death Before Dishonour", Jamie Hope revealed that at the time of lead singer Damien Morris' death the band was working on their debut album, as a result the album will feature three tracks with Damien on vocals and the rest with Jamie Hope. He also revealed that the album will feature a slew of guest vocals from Brandan Schieppati of Bleeding Through, Hernan Hermida of All Shall Perish, Karl Schubach of Misery Signals and Dan Weyandt of Zao.
In the same interview, Hope also revealed Damien Morris' concept for the album: "...an epic tale of the forces of heaven and hell battling for the supremacy on the battleground of planet earth".
During I Killed The Prom Queen's 2008 "Say Goodbye" tour, a track titled "The Forefront of Failure" was circulated through promotional CDs distributed by Stomp.
Track listing.
Bonus DVD.
Documentary
Live set

</doc>
<doc id="18778971" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18778971" title="Cold Springs Pegram Truss Railroad Bridge">
Cold Springs Pegram Truss Railroad Bridge

The Cold Springs Bridge is a 208-foot, single span Pegram truss bridge in Blaine County, Idaho.
The Cold Springs Bridge was constructed in 1884 at the Snake River Crossing in Ontario, Oregon. In 1917, the bridge was disassembled and relocated to Blaine County, Idaho. It crosses the Big Wood River 2 miles south of Ketchum, Idaho. This bridge served the Union Pacific from 1936 to 1981 bringing skiers on luxury trains to Sun Valley, Idaho. In 1984, the Blaine County recreation district converted the bridge to pedestrian use. In 1997, the bridge was placed on the National Register of Historic Places.

</doc>
<doc id="18778975" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18778975" title="Suchitan">
Suchitan

Volcán Suchitán is a stratovolcano in southern Guatemala.

</doc>
<doc id="18778984" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18778984" title="Roman Catholic Diocese of Masbate">
Roman Catholic Diocese of Masbate

The Roman Catholic Diocese of Masbate (Lat: "Dioecesis Masbatensis") is a diocese of the Latin Rite of the Catholic Church in the Philippines.
With the other provinces of Bicol, Masbate belonged to the Archdiocese of Caceres. When Caceres was elevated to the status of an archdiocese on June 29, 1951, Masbate became part of the newly erected Diocese of Sorsogon. Pope Paul VI created the Diocese of Masbate on March 23, 1968. It was formally inaugurated on September 25, 1968, with Msgr. Porfirio Rivera Iligan as its first bishop.
The diocese has experienced no jurisdictional changes and is suffragan to the Archdiocese of Caceres.
Its patron is Saint Anthony of Padua. The seat of the diocese is the Cathedral Parish of St. Anthony of Padua in Masbate City.
Vicars-General.
The Vicar-General assists the bishop in the administrative duties over the diocese. The Offices of the Vicar General and the Episcopal Vicars temporarily ceased upon the vacancy of the See of the diocese.

</doc>
<doc id="18778994" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18778994" title="Tyrone Nix">
Tyrone Nix

Tyrone Nix (born September 30, 1972) is the defensive coordinator for the Middle Tennessee football team and the former associate head coach and defensive coordinator for Ole Miss Rebels football, and the former Defensive Coordinator for the South Carolina Gamecocks and Southern Miss Golden Eagles. He is the brother of Derrick Nix, a former Southern Miss star and former Southern Miss assistant coach as well as a former Atlanta Falcons assistant coach in the NFL.
Playing career.
Nix is a former starting linebacker. Following high school at Etowah High School in Attalla, Alabama, he went to the University of Southern Mississippi and played linebacker from 1990 through 1993. He was named Golden Eagle team captain in 1993. As a freshman, Nix was one of three freshmen to play in the 1990 All-American Bowl. He was also named to the All-South team and National Independent team as both a junior and a senior. In the year 1991, Nix became a member of Phi Beta Sigma Fraternity, Inc., through the Theta Eta Chapter at the University of Southern Mississippi.
Coaching career.
University of Southern Mississippi (2001-04).
In 2001, Nix became the defensive coordinator at Southern Miss at the age of 29, making him the youngest coordinator in Division I-A. By 2003 he was a finalist for the Broyles Award, which recognizes the nation’s top assistant coaches.
His impact as a defensive coordinator was immediately felt as he led the 2001 Golden Eagle defense, which had lost 7 starters from the previous season, to rankings of 8th in the nation in scoring defense and 11th in the nation in total defense.
In his first three years as defensive coordinator at USM, Coach Nix’s defenses stayed in the top 15 nationally in scoring defense.
University of South Carolina (2005-07).
Coach Nix began his tenure at South Carolina in 2005 as co-defensive coordinator, sharing the responsibility with his long-time colleague John Thompson. Near the end of that season, impressed by Coach Nix’s coaching prowess, Head Coach Steve Spurrier promoted him to sole defensive coordinator and assistant head coach. Prior to his promotion, the Gamecocks were giving up over 27 points per game. After the promotion, and under Coach Nix’s sole guidance, the USC defense held opponents to just 17 points per game.
University of Mississippi (2008-11).
On December 11, 2007, Nix accepted the job as defensive coordinator at the University of Mississippi (Ole Miss), to serve under new Ole Miss head coach Houston Nutt.
During the 2008 season, Nix had Ole Miss defense ranked among the national leaders in points per game (17.8, 14th in FBS,) yards per game (204.8, 16th in FBS,) and ranked 5th nationally in total rushing yards (1020.) The 2008 defense included firth team All-American DT Peria Jerry and third team DE Greg Hardy. The season was capped off with a 47-34 win over Texas Tech in the Cotton Bowl and a 8-4 record.
Following the 2009 season, Houston Nutt promoted Nix to the role of assistant head coach after being nominated for the Frank Broyles Award. Upon the hiring of Hugh Freeze as head coach of the Ole Miss Rebels on December 6, 2011, after Nutt was fired, Nix was dismissed as well.
Middle Tennessee (2012).
After interviewing with the Oklahoma Sooners, Nix was named co-defensive coordinator at Middle Tennessee State on February 22, 2012 under Rick Stockstill.

</doc>
<doc id="18778995" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18778995" title="Gimnasio Multidisciplinario Nuevo Laredo">
Gimnasio Multidisciplinario Nuevo Laredo

The Gimnasio Multidisciplinario Nuevo Laredo (Nuevo Laredo Multidisciplinary Gymnasium), is a 4,000 seat indoor all purpose stadium, primarily used for basketball, located in the Ciudad Deportiva sports complex in Nuevo Laredo, Tamaulipas, Mexico. It is home to the two time Champions Toros de Nuevo Laredo Mexican professional basketball team from the Liga Nacional de Baloncesto Profesional. The stadium was completed in 2007 as part of Phase II of the Ciudad Deportiva, a new sports complex that also houses the Estadio Nuevo Laredo.

</doc>
<doc id="18778996" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18778996" title="Ehrenberg Castle">
Ehrenberg Castle

Ehrenberg Castle is a castle in Austria.

</doc>
<doc id="18779016" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18779016" title="Roman Catholic Diocese of Legazpi">
Roman Catholic Diocese of Legazpi

The Roman Catholic Diocese of Legazpi (Lat: "Dioecesis Legazpiensis") is a diocese of the Latin Rite of the Roman Catholic Church in the Philippines.
The diocese was erected in 1951, from territory in the Archdiocese of Caceres.
In 1974 the diocese was subdivided to form the Diocese of Virac.
The diocese is suffragan to the Archdiocese of Caceres.
Former Masbate bishop Joel "Bong" Baylon is the new and most recent bishop of Legazpi. Prior to his appointment, Legazpi auxiliary bishop Lucilo Quiambao had been the apostolic administrator of the diocese since Bishop Nestor Cariño's retirement in 2007. Bishop Baylon is assisted by his vicar-general, Very Rev. Msgr. Ramon Tronqued, PC, VG.

</doc>
<doc id="18779017" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18779017" title="Alfunction">
Alfunction

Alfunction, born Alan Leonard James in Costa Mesa, California on June 9, 1972, is an American guitarist. His stage name was bestowed upon him in 1994, by future bandmate Lauren Boquette, in reference to his band at the time, "Malfunction". He currently plays guitar for Six, the band he formed with Lauren Boquette in 2001.
He was previously a hired guitarist for Cypress Hill during the "Skull and Bones" tours, making his debut U.S. performance for the band while playing keyboard on the Conan O'Brien show. Alfunction went on to play guitar for Cypress Hill until July 2000, when he toured with Famous on the Tattoo the Earth festival.
A Six song he co-wrote, "Circles (Better Than Mine)", was used in the "WWE SmackDown vs. Raw 2009" video game.

</doc>
<doc id="18779034" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18779034" title="Expected transmission count">
Expected transmission count

The ETX metric, or expected transmission count, is a measure of the quality of a path between two nodes in a wireless packet data network. It is used extensively in mesh networking algorithms.
History.
Douglas S.J. De Couto was the first to describe ETX in his 2004 doctoral dissertation at MIT. Subsequently, it has been implemented in RoofNet/Meraki and OLSR mesh networking protocols, among others.
Details.
ETX is the number of expected transmissions of a packet necessary for it to be received without error at its destination. This number varies from one to infinity. An ETX of one indicates a perfect transmission medium, where an ETX of infinity represents a completely non-functional link. Note that ETX is an "expected" transmission count for a future event, as opposed to an actual count of a past event. It is hence a real number, and not an integer. For example, if it took 1898 transmissions to transfer 1024 packets without error, the ETX on the link is 1898/1024, or approximately 1.85. Due to varying characteristics of the transmission medium, the number may vary widely.

</doc>
<doc id="18779041" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18779041" title="Northern Territory Nationals">
Northern Territory Nationals

The Northern Territory Nationals were a political party active in the Northern Territory in the late 1980s. The party was not affiliated with the National Party of Australia, whose NT affiliate was the Country Liberal Party. The party was however associated with the National Party of Queensland-supported Joh for PM push.
After the 1987 election they were represented in the Assembly by former Chief Minister Ian Tuxworth. He had previously been the Country Liberal Party leader.
They gained a second seat when Enzo Floreani won a by-election in the seat of Flynn in 1988, but lost both seats in 1990, when a redistribution badly weakened Tuxworth's hold on his seat.

</doc>
<doc id="18779054" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18779054" title="World Policy Institute">
World Policy Institute

The World Policy Institute is a non-partisan policy institute which focuses on sustainable global market economy, engaged global civic participation and effective governance, and collaborative approaches to national and global security.
WPI’s Fellows program, regular public and private events, collaborative policy development, media activities, and flagship World Policy Journal provide a forum for solution-focused policy analysis and public debate. Its program goals also include migration, climate change, technology, economic development, human rights, and counter-terrorism.
WPI boasts over 30 senior fellows and program staff consisting of policy analysts, journalists and writers.
Mission statement.
The World Policy Institute, a non-partisan center for progressive global policy analysis and thought, focuses on complex challenges that demand cooperative solutions in an increasingly interdependent world: an inclusive and sustainable global market economy, engaged global civic participation and effective governance, and collaborative approaches to national and global security. WPI’s Fellows program, regular public and private events, collaborative policy development, media activities, and flagship World Policy Journal provide a forum for solution-focused policy analysis and public debate. Its programs seek to introduce fresh ideas and new voices from around the world on critical shared global issues including migration, climate change, technology, economic development, human rights, and counter-terrorism.
History.
Founded in New York City in 1961 as the Fund for Education Concerning World Peace through World Law by bankers Harry B. Hollins and C. Douglas Dillon, who were inspired by the World Federalism thinker Grenville Clark. In 1963, the Institute’s name was shortened to World Law Fund. In 1972, it merged with the Institute for International Order, founded in 1948 and run by Earl D. Osborn. The combined organization adopted a new name, the Institute for World Order. In 1982, the World Policy Institute adopted its current name to reflect a shift from a primarily educational focus to incorporating a strong policy element, and founded World Policy Journal. From 1991-2007, the Institute was part of The New School, a university in Greenwich Village, New York City. In 2007, the World Policy Institute was re-incorporated as a free-standing institution, which works in active collaboration with like-minded organizations worldwide.
Governance.
Board of Directors 2013

</doc>
<doc id="18779063" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18779063" title="SK-42 reference system">
SK-42 reference system

The SK-42 reference system also known as the Krasovsky ellipsoid, is a coordinate system established in the Soviet Union in 1942 as "Systema koordinat" (), and provides parameters which are linked to the geocentric Cartesian coordinate system PZ-90. It was used in geodetic calculations, notably in military mapping and determining state borders.

</doc>
<doc id="18779095" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18779095" title="Garry Schyman">
Garry Schyman

Garry Schyman (born 1954) is an American film, television, and video game music composer. He graduated from the University of Southern California with a degree in music composition in 1978, and began work in the television industry, writing music for such television series as "Magnum, P.I." and "The A-Team". By 1986, he was composing for movies such as "Judgement" and "Hit List". At the request of a friend in 1993, he composed the music for the video game "Voyeur", but after creating the music for two more games he left the industry, citing the low budgets and poor quality of video game music at the time. He continued to compose for film and television, only to return to video games for 2005's "Destroy All Humans!". Finding that in his absence the quality and perceived importance of video game music had risen substantially, he has since composed for several games, writing the scores to "BioShock" and "Dante's Inferno" among others. His latest score is that of "BioShock Infinite", released in 2013. He has won numerous awards for his video game scores, including several "soundtrack of the year" awards. Throughout his career, he has worked on over 25 television shows, 10 films, and 13 video games.
Biography.
Early life.
Schyman graduated from the University of Southern California in 1978 with a degree in music composition. He intended to compose music for film and television, going so far as to present two student film scores at his senior recital, which was an unconventional move at the time. Upon graduation, through one of his friend's father, the actor Dennis Weaver, he was invited to watch a recording session for the music of a television show Weaver was working in. There, he met a ghost composer for the show, who in turn told him about a job composing for Lutheran television which he applied for and was hired. He also met the composers Pete Carpenter and Mike Post, the titled composers for the show Weaver had been acting in. They were working on four to five shows each week, and brought him on board as a ghost composer to help them create music for several shows, such as "Magnum, P.I." and "The Greatest American Hero", for which he is credited for starting in 1980.
Career.
Schyman continued to work in television music composition for the next two decades, working on shows such as "The A-Team" and "Land's End". Beginning in 1986 he also began to compose music for movies such as "Never Too Young to Die". Schyman moved into video game composition with "Voyeur", released in 1993, after being asked to by his friend Robert Weaver, an executive at Philips, which was creating and publishing the game for its CD-i system. He used a live orchestra to score the game, one of the first video games to do so. The soundtrack won the Cybermania Award for best soundtrack. He scored the sequel, released in 1996, and 1995's "Off-World Interceptor", but afterward Weaver left the company and the games division of Phillips was shut down. Rather than move to a new video game company Schyman left the industry and did not return for almost a decade, later stating that he felt that it was "not a very interesting place for composers at that time" as the budgets were low and the technical music quality poor.
After "orchestral work in TV took a nosedive", according to "Variety", he returned to the industry in 2005 when THQ approached him to compose the soundtrack to "Destroy All Humans!" after his agent sent them a demo tape. They offered him a budget large enough for an orchestra and were looking for a style that he found interesting, reminiscent of 1950s movies, and he eagerly accepted the opportunity. The score was appreciated by critics, and was nominated for the Game Audio Network Guild's "Best Original Instrumental Song" and "Music of the Year" awards. Feeling that in his absence the industry had moved towards wanting "strong orchestral music that is iconic and interesting" and that television music was moving towards "ambient music" that he found uninteresting to compose, he went on to compose scores for several more video games since then. He has composed the score for all three "Destroy All Humans!" games as well as several others such as "BioShock" and "Dante's Inferno". His score for "Destroy All Humans! 2" was nominated for the Game Audio Network Guild's "Music of the Year" award, while his score for "BioShock" won numerous awards, including several soundtrack of the year awards.
In addition to his commercial work, he has written a 15-minute viola concerto entitled "Zingaro", published by Century City Masterworks. He also composed the song "Praan", originally written by Rabindranath Tagore for Matt Harding's "Dancing 2008" viral video, which earned him the "Best Music Video" award at the Hollywood Music Awards and the song "Trip the light" (sung by Alicia Lemke) for Matt Harding's "Dancing 2012". Some of Schyman's work from "BioShock" has been performed by a live orchestra in the Video Games Live international concert tour from 2007 to date. In addition, "Welcome to Rapture" from "BioShock" was performed by the Metropole Orchestra at the Games in Concert 3 event in Utrecht, The Netherlands on November 15, 2008.
Musical style and influences.
Though he is not opposed to doing work on TV or film scores, Schyman currently prefers to compose music for video games as he feels video game soundtracks give him more freedom and a greater technical challenge. He has said that the video games industry is filled with "nice people whose egos were in check", which was not always his experience in the film and television industries. However, he feels that his television and film career has been "a great experience" and he "still love scoring film and TV". He names his favorite composer "at the moment" as Gustav Mahler, and some of his favorite music as that from artists such as Prokofiev and Bartók. He enjoys music from the early to mid-20th century, and finds that it influences many of his scores, such as the ones to "BioShock" and "Dante's Inferno".
When he first started composing Schyman scored his music by playing it on the piano without the aid of computers, but now he composes digitally using Digital Performer and "the latest technology". He considers himself to be a "very intuitive composer", in that he has "something in my mind’s ear that I want to achieve" and improvises until the music he is creating matches up with it. He finds that the hardest part of composing for a project is finding the basic concept for the music that he wants to use, rather than composing any of the individual pieces. Although he has written a concerto, Schyman does not regularly compose "art music" pieces, as he finds his commercial work to be "satisfying music from a creative standpoint".

</doc>
<doc id="18779111" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18779111" title="Faucet aerator">
Faucet aerator

A faucet aerator (or tap aerator) is often found at the tip of modern indoor water faucets. Aerators can be simply screwed onto the faucet head, creating a non-splashing stream and often delivering a mixture of water and air.
Function.
An aerator serves the following purposes:
Faucet aerators are often used in homes with low water pressure in order to increase the perceived water pressure.
Design and Features 
Three major components of an aerator are: housing, insert and rubber washer.
A faucet aerator can be classified on the basis of its flow rate and the type of water stream (aerated, non-aerated, spray) it produces.
In general, standard-sized aerators are available with female (M22x1) or male threading (M24x1). Bathtub spouts often have a bigger diameter with a male M28x1 thread. The United States use different thread sizes: 15/16"-27 for standard-sized male and 55/64"-27 for standard-sized female threads.
Using faucet aerators may help meet local regulations and construction standards such as ASME A112.18.1, U.S. Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design (LEED) certifications or WELS (Australia/New Zealand). In Europe, European standard EN246 "Sanitary tapware - General specifications for flow rate regulators" defines the flow rate and noise reduction requirements.

</doc>
<doc id="18779117" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18779117" title="National Register of Historic Places listings in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania">
National Register of Historic Places listings in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania

This is a list of the National Register of Historic Places listings in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.
This is intended to be a complete list of the properties and districts on National Register of Historic Places in the city of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, United States. The locations of National Register properties and districts for which the latitude and longitude coordinates are included below, may be seen in a Google map.
There are 222 properties and districts listed on the National Register in the county, including 10 National Historic Landmarks. Pittsburgh is the location of 160 of these properties and districts, including 5 National Historic Landmarks, which are listed here. The 64 properties and districts elsewhere in the county, including 5 National Historic Landmarks, are listed separately. Two properties are split between Pittsburgh and other parts of the county.

</doc>
<doc id="18779146" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18779146" title="Cassolette">
Cassolette

Cassolette (from the diminutive form of the French word "cassole", a small container) may refer to:
A small porcelain, glass or metal container used for the cooking and serving of individual dishes. It also refers to the ingredients and recipe itself: 

</doc>
<doc id="18779155" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18779155" title="St. Croix River (Nova Scotia)">
St. Croix River (Nova Scotia)

The St. Croix River is a river in Nova Scotia entirely contained in Hants and Halifax Counties. Its headwaters are Panuke Lake. The river has been exploited for water power. There were water mills in the nineteenth century and in the 1930s three hydroelectric dams were built; they still operate. 
The lower reaches of the St. Croix are tidal. There is a wide flood plain where the river has cut through limestone bedrock now exposed as white cliffs. The calcareous soil harbours the rare Rams Head Lady Slipper.
The Nova Scotia Government estimates that the number of people living within the St. Croix watershed numbered 19,233 in 2011.
History.
The river and Panuke Lake were used as an important portage route first by the Mi'kmaq and later by European explorers and settlers. There is an unpopulated Indian reserve (St Croix Indian Reserve) on the lake. 
European settlement began with the Acadians (who named the river, calling the region Pisiguit).
The Battle at St Croix (1750).
The Battle at St. Croix happened between New England Rangers and the Mi'kmaq. To capture the Acadians involved in the British defeat at the Fort Logis, Grand Pre the previous year, Cornwallis sent John Gorham (military officer) to Piziquid to construct Fort Edward (Nova Scotia) and imprison the Acadians. After two days of marching from Fort Sackville (present day Bedford), they come to the St Croix River. At the river a battle broke out with the Mi'kmaq. Gorham took over a saw mill and two local Acadian homes for protection. The Mi'kmaq numbers continued to grow, therefore Gorham sent a messenger to Fort Sackville for reinforcements, which ended the battle. 
After the Expulsion of the Acadians, New England Planters settled the area. Extensive land grants were let by the Nova Scotia colonial government beginning in 1761.
Today, the St. Croix is a popular river for canoe and kayaking enthusiasts. The lower floodplains are dyked and farmed. The river's tidal bore may be viewed at Tidal View Farm.

</doc>
<doc id="18779159" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18779159" title="Ramongo">
Ramongo

Ramongo is a town in the Ramongo Department of Boulkiemdé Province in central western Burkina Faso. It is the capital of the Ramongo Department and has a population of 2,500.

</doc>
<doc id="18779175" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18779175" title="Huang Liping">
Huang Liping

Huang Liping (, born January, 1972 in Wuhan, Hubei, China) is a former Chinese Gymnast, and is now a gymnastics magistrate.
Career.
Huang Liping started as an amateur in 1978, joining the Hubei team in 1985, and then selected to the China's national gymnastics team the following year. He won the artistic team all-around, artistic individuals all-around, high bar and parallel bars champion at the 1993 National Gymnastics Games, then won several World Artistic Gymnastics Championships as groups and individual champions. At the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta, he won a silver for the Chinese gymnastics team. Huang also finished sixth in the parallel bars at those same games.
Retired Life.
Retiring after the 1996 games, Huang passed the gymnasics exam to become the youngest world-class gymnastics magistrate in China. In 1998 he was named the national gymnastics coach, replacing Li Ning in that position.
Beijing 2008.
At the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing, Huang took the Olympic Oath for judges at the Beijing National Stadium during the Opening Ceremonies.

</doc>
<doc id="18779176" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18779176" title="Sogpelcé">
Sogpelcé

Sogpelcé may refer to: 

</doc>
<doc id="18779178" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18779178" title="Lance Chilton">
Lance Chilton

Lance Chilton was a Canadian television journalist. 
He began his career at Citytv in Toronto in 1985, hosting "City Magazine" and "Toronto Rocks" and working as an entertainment reporter for "CityPulse" before joining MuchMusic as a reporter and anchor for "FAX" in 1990. He remained with that program until 1997, when he moved to The New VR (now A Barrie/Toronto) in Barrie to anchor the station's newscasts. In the summer of 2010, Chilton left "A" News, to start a new career in the Real Estate business. He anchored his last newscast on June 15, 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="18779193" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18779193" title="Eugene W. Biscailuz">
Eugene W. Biscailuz

Eugene W. Biscailuz (March 12, 1883 – May 16, 1969) was the 27th Sheriff of Los Angeles County, California and organized the California Highway Patrol.
Family and early life.
Sheriff Biscailuz's father, Martin V. Biscailuz, was of French-Basque descent, His mother Ida Rose Warren was descended from old Spanish settlers of California. Her father and the Sheriff's grand father William Warren had sailed around Cape Horn to California and married the daughter of a Spanish Don.
Eugene's education in Los Angeles included Woodbury University (then called Woodbury Business College) followed by a law degree from the University of Southern California.
Career.
He joined the Los Angeles County Sheriffs Department in 1907, where his law background helped him rise in the ranks until he was appointed Under-Sheriff in 1921.
In 1929, Governor C.C. Young appointed Biscailuz Superintendent of the California Highway Patrol (CHP), where Biscailuz organized the Highway Patrol system, then a new but separate law enforcement agency. Having finished his work for the CHP, in 1931 he resumed his post as Under-Sheriff of Los Angeles County.
Biscailuz was appointed Sheriff in 1932 and was elected to serve from 1934 to 1958.
Biscailuz had a colorful career which included executing an extradition from Central America during a revolution and a gun battle on the streets of Los Angeles.
Planning commission.
He was a member of the city's first planning commission in 1920, which at that time was composed of 51 members appointed by the City Council "to work out an organized, comprehensive plan of city development." Other notable members were Charles A. Holland, C.J. Colden, Evan Lewis and W.H. Workman Jr.

</doc>
<doc id="18779216" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18779216" title="Charlotte Craig">
Charlotte Craig

Charlotte Rose Craig (born February 2, 1991 in Riverside, California) is a member of the U.S. 2008 Summer Olympic team competing in Taekwondo in the 49 kg (108 lb) division.
Biography.
Craig was born in Riverside, California, to parents Jim Craig and Charlotte Craig Sr. She currently lives in Murrieta, California.
When Craig was 2 years old, she had a dysfunctional kidney and had it removed. Her doctors told her parents to have her not participate in hard contact sports. When Craig was 5 years old, her father and mother agreed to sign her up for taekwondo. At first, they had her wear extra padding to protect her only kidney, but soon she started to work without it.
Charlotte currently trains with Master Jimmy Kim, a 1988 Olympic Gold Medalist in taekwondo. Charlotte and her mother drive 90 minutes from Murrieta to Laguna Niguel four times a week to train with Jimmy Kim.

</doc>
<doc id="18779217" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18779217" title="King John and Matilda">
King John and Matilda

King John and Matilda is a Caroline era stage play, a historical tragedy written by Robert Davenport. It was initially published in 1655; the cast list included in the first edition is provides valuable information on some of the actors of English Renaissance theatre.
Performance and publication.
No certain information survives on the play's date of authorship or earliest production. Scholars generally date the play to c. 1628–29, though dates as early as 1624 and as late as 1634 have been proposed. The title page of the first edition states that the play was acted by Queen Henrietta's Men at the Cockpit Theatre; the actors in the cast list belonged to that company. The troupe staged a revival of Davenport's play c. 1638–39, perhaps a decade after its initial appearance.
The 1655 quarto was published by actor-turned-stationer Andrew Pennycuicke. The volume includes an epistle addressed "To the knowning Reader" that is signed with the initials "R. D." This has been taken by some commentators to indicate that Davenport was still alive when the play was printed. The epistle opens with a notable and sometimes-quoted line, "A good reader helps to make a book; a bad injures it."
The volume also bears Pennycuicke's dedication of the work to Montague Berty, the 2nd Earl of Lindsey.
Sources.
Caroline drama tends to show a lack of originality and a dependence on the precedents of earlier plays. This tendency is manifested to an extreme in "King John and Matilda". The play bears a strong resemblance to "The Death of Robert Earl of Huntington", the second of Anthony Munday's two Robin Hood plays (1598; printed 1601) — to the point that Davenport's work has been called a mere rewrite of Munday's play.
Davenport's character Hubert, the repentant henchman, resembles the character of the same name in Shakespeare's "King John".
The cast.
For Queen Henrietta's Men, only five cast lists survive. (The others are for "The Fair Maid of the West", "Hannibal and Scipio", "The Renegado", and "The Wedding".) The 1655 quarto's cast list yields this information:
The cast list contains three peculiarities. It includes three female characters of the play, Matilda, Queen Isabel, and the Lady Abbess, but does not identify the actors who filled the roles. This might be regarded as doubly curious, since Pennycuicke had been a boy actor taking female roles in the final phase of English Renaissance drama, before the London theatres were closed in 1642 at the start of the English Civil War. By his own claim, Pennycuicke was the last performer to fill the role of Matilda, which must have been in the 1638–39 revival.
The second peculiarity is that the cast list offers praise for two, but only two, of the actors. It states that Perkins's "action gave Grace to the Play," and that Shearlock "performed excellently well." 
Thirdly, the list includes a mystery man. All the actors are titled "Master" — from "M. Bowyer" to "M. Shirelock." Yet the "Master Jackson" who played Chester is otherwise unknown in the records of the Queen's Men. The company did have a member named Robert Axell, whose name was sometimes rendered "Axall" or "Axen" in the flexible orthography of the seventeenth century. It has been suggested that "Jackson" might be a corruption of "Axen," indicating Robert Axell.
Like other cast lists of the period, this one is not perfect; it neglects the characters Richmond, Lady Bruce, and George Bruce.
History.
King John had an important role in the political, religious, historiographic mindset of the English Renaissance and Reformation — he was both hero and villain. Davenport relied on prior plays rather than historical research in crafting his drama; and in so doing, he created a work that reflects something of the popular significance, and the ambiguity, of John as a historical figure.
Synopsis.
As the play opens, John is at odds with the rebellious barons — the ones who in history made him sign the Magna Carta. In this play, they are Fitzwater, Leister, Richmond, the Old Lord Bruce, and his elder son Young Bruce. The King is supported by the Lords Oxford and Chester. While he deals with political matters, John also engages in a lustful pursuit of Matilda, Fitzwater's daughter. (In the first of Munday's Robin Hood plays, "The Downfall of Robert Earl of Huntington", the heroine is Maid Marian for the first 780 lines, then suddenly becomes Matilda, no explanation given. Davenport's heroine derives from Munday's.) Matilda falls into the King's clutches. John's queen, Isabel, scratches and abuses the girl as a harlot; but Matilda retains her traditional feminine virtues of chastity and patience. Matilda is rescued by Young Bruce and Richmond.
In pursuit of the rebels, the King and his henchman Hubert take custody of Lord Bruce's wife, Lady Bruce, and their younger son George. The woman and boy are turned over to the villainous Brand, who, under Chester's orders, locks them away and denies them food.
In his quarrel with Pope Innocent III, John is shown submitting to Pandulph, the papal legate. The rebellious barons urge John to resist, in the Protestant spirit of the play's historical era; but John yields. Pandulph accepts John's submission and returns the crown to him. John's continued arrogance and immorality prevent a true reconciliation with the barons, however. Oxford, acting for the King, captures Matilda again; but Young Bruce defeats him in combat and rescues her. Hubert and the King use trickery to obtain Matilda once more. Matilda's patient virtue placates the Queen's resentment, and even Hubert comes to sympathize, "forcibly charmed by her tears and entreaties." Together they help Matilda take refuge in Dunmow Abbey.
Lady Bruce and her young son are shown suffering the pangs of hunger in prison; they both die of starvation onstage. 
John is so obsessed with Matilda that he offers to divorce Isabel, marry Matilda, and make her queen. Accompanied by the Abbess, Matilda looks down from the abbey walls as both the King and her father Fitzwater try to persuade her — John, to yield, and Fitzwater, to resist the King's temptations. Matilda has no trouble remaining true to her innate virtue. The rejected King decides that Matilda must die; he has Brand deliver a poisoned glove to her. She dies onstage, a martyr to virtue.
The murderer of Lady Bruce, George Bruce, and Matilda does not escape; Young Bruce confronts Brand, fights with him, and kills him.
In the aftermath of Matilda's murder, John finally feels sincere remorse. He repents his sins, and reconciles with the Queen and the barons. The final scene portrays Matilda's funeral.

</doc>
<doc id="18779224" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18779224" title="Phoenix (Transformers)">
Phoenix (Transformers)

Phoenix is the name of several fictional characters in the Transformers series. He was one of the stars of the anime series "Transformers: Masterforce" where he was voiced by Masato Hirano. He shouldn't be confused with American Transformers character Cloudburst, who looks nearly identical to Phoenix.
Transformers: Generation 1.
Phoenix's main role is to question signals and communications received and solve them. He is very proud with his use of the Snake Rod weapon, and uses it well in his aerial attacks. His final attack is the "The Cloud Ray Car" where he brandishes the Snake Rod when airborne to cause a jet-stream to destroy the enemy. Even though he’s an excellent engineer, when too many communications are received at once, he can become easily confused. In his human guise he works in a German airport as a communications engineer. He also lectures fellow Autobot members on his code-breaking hobby.
Animated series.
Phoenix was a regular character featured in the early episodes of the Japanese exclusive series "".
Eight thousand years ago, a starship containing the Autobot Pretenders Metalhawk, Lander, Diver and Phoenix pursued the Decepticon Pretenders Blood, Dauros and Gilmer to Neolithic-era Earth, where they crashed. Using their Pretender abilities, the Autobots adopted the form of humans - not using simple external shells like in the American fiction, but actually transforming the very structure of their bodies into an organic equivalent, shrinking down to normal human size to hide in plain sight among burgeoning humanity. The Decepticon Pretenders, on the other hand, adopted the forms of monstrous creatures, becoming feared as demons by early man. After many battles, the Autobots succeeded in defeating their enemies and sealing them away for thousands of years — Blood in the pyramids of Egypt, Gilmer in the ruins of Atlantis, and Dauros beneath the Nazca Lines in Peru.
Liberated in the near future by the mysterious Decepticon god, Devil Z, the three Pretenders entered his service, and immediately began to draw the Autobot Pretenders out of hiding, before turning their attention to a series of plans of acquiring energy and disrupting one of the three Chokoon Powers on Earth. After a string of failures, Devil Z supplanted them with his more powerful Godmaster minions, and although they would often participate in missions, their standing was downgraded and their regularity of appearance on the battlefield diminished. Eventually, they generally only served to supply comic relief, and departed Earth with the other surviving Decepticons when Devil Z was destroyed.

</doc>
<doc id="18779229" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18779229" title="Bouloum Nabyiri">
Bouloum Nabyiri

Bouloum Nabyiri is a town in the Ramongo Department of Boulkiemdé Province in central western Burkina Faso. It has a population of 1,946.

</doc>
<doc id="18779232" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18779232" title="David Sherer">
David Sherer

Dr. David Sherer (born July 29, 1957, in Washington D.C., USA), is a physician, author and inventor. He is the lead author of "Dr. David Sherer's Hospital Survival Guide: 100+ Ways to Make Your Hospital Stay Safe and Comfortable". 
He has a BA in music from Emory University (1979). He graduated from Boston University School of Medicine in 1984 and completed his anesthesiology residency at the University of Miami Jackson Memorial Hospital in 1989. He was certified by The American Board of Anesthesiology in 1991. He holds two U.S. patents (5298021 and 6053310) in the fields of critical care medicine and telecommunications. His patent #5298021 consolidates critical care monitoring, drug delivery systems and real-time recording during advanced cardiac life support (or "code"). "Dr. David Sherer's Hospital Survival Guide: 100+ Ways to Make Your Hospital Stay Safe and Comfortable" was co-written with Maryann Karinch.
He has appeared as a guest on radio and television, including WTOP radio (Washington, DC), WJLA television (Washington, DC) and nationally syndicated Media Tracks radio interviews.
His latest book, "The House of Black and White: My Life with and Search for Louise Johnson Morris", will be released in early 2014 by SBPRA publishers. Bethesda Magazine will publish a feature length piece on the book and its story in the March/April 2014 edition.
Sherer practices anesthesiology in the suburbs of Washington DC. From 2004 to 2006, he was the Physician Director of Risk Management for the Mid-Atlantic Permante Medical Group.
Dr Sherer's book on patient safety and comfort has been featured in the New York Times, The Washington Post and as one of the best five books on health in the Wall Street Journal in 2005. His writing and works have appeared in those publications, as well as Esquire Magazine, The Detroit Free Press, The Southern Medical Journal, Bostonia, Emory Magazine, U.S. New and World Report, Anesthesiology News and other media.
He is a member of the Leading Physicians of the World and a Healthtap Top Doctor Award winner. His web address is Drdavidsherer.com 

</doc>
<doc id="18779238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18779238" title="FAX (TV series)">
FAX (TV series)

FAX was a Canadian daily entertainment news series, which aired on MuchMusic in the 1990s. The series aired both as a half-hour daily show and as short interstitial segments called RapidFAX. Its newer incarnation is MuchNews, which debuted in 2001.
Hosts of the show over the course of its run included Lance Chilton, Monika Deol and Rebecca Rankin, although regular MuchMusic VJs also occasionally served as substitute hosts. The series concentrated primarily on music news, but also covered some film and television news as well.

</doc>
<doc id="18779241" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18779241" title="Lander (Transformers)">
Lander (Transformers)

Lander is the name of a fictional character in the various Transformers universes.
Transformers: Generation 1.
As a ground tank, Lander can reach speeds exceeding 400 km/h. In his human guise he is an automovive planner from New York. He is skilled at land attacks and is the physically strongest Autobot Pretender. His opposite number if the Decepticon Pretender Dauros.
Animated series.
In "" series Lander was one of the Autobot Pretenders under Metalhawk. Lander was depicted as being able to drive over water and sideways on buildings. In robot mode his left hand could retract and launch knock-out gas.
Lander is very well adapted to his life as a human, and seems to enjoy fitting in as one. He wears glasses, even though he probably doesn't need them, collects wine, goes on dates to concerts, and seems to revel in being a human more than any other Pretender.
In the "" animation Lander was seen among other high-ranking Autobots (such as Road Caesar, Grand Maximus, Metalhawk, Landcross, and the Autobot Godmasters) when Dai Atlas is sworn-in by Victory Saber as the new Supreme Commander of the Autobot forces.

</doc>
<doc id="18779245" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18779245" title="Kaisar Altaf">
Kaisar Altaf

Kaisar Altaf (born 9 June 1982) is an English List A cricketer whose only match was for Derbyshire Cricket Board. His highest score of 1 came when playing for Derbyshire Cricket Board in the match against Bedfordshire. He achieved figures of 0/69 in the match also.
He also played a 1 game for Nottinginghamshire Second XI. and also 6 Minor Counties Trophy Matches for Nottinghamshire Second XI.

</doc>
<doc id="18779247" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18779247" title="OGPlanet">
OGPlanet

OGPlanet is a gaming publisher of free-to-play, massively multiplayer online (MMO), downloadable PC games, based in Torrance, California, with offices in Vancouver, Berlin, London and Seoul. Currently, OGPlanet publishes the games SD Gundam Capsule Fighter, Rumble Fighter, La Tale Red Stone, Heroes of the Realm, Gundog and the MMORPG Heva Clonia Online. On February 16, 2012, OGPlanet announced that it will be publishing Tactical Intervention, a new first-person shooter from the co-creator of Counter-Strike, Minh Le. Although their games are free-to-play, OGPlanet offers "Astros", an in-game currency players can purchase either online (Credit Card, eWallet and Mobile) or via prepaid cards found at retail stores; Astros are used for in-game enhancements.
History.
OGPlanet was first established in 2004 with the goal of bringing MMO games from around the world to North American and global audiences. The company first established itself with the magical golf game "Albatross18: Realms of Pangya" in 2005. Albatross18 was well received by players. With the success of Albatross18, and its second season in 2006, OGPlanet began to expand with other titles. In 2007, the company launched the popular MMO fighting game Rumble Fighter, as well as Season 3 of Albatross18 and BB Tanks. The first MMORPG title for OGPlanet, CABAL Online, launched early in 2008 to both player and critical acclaim, followed by the whimsical two-dimensional MMORPG, La Tale. In the summer of 2009, Rumble Fighter Europe was released. Shortly after, the online fighting game, Lost Saga launched with its closed beta in mid-October and final release in November. It was showcased at the World Cyber Games 2010 in Los Angeles, CA. OGPlanet then launched Zone 4, another MMO fighting game but with more of an arcade brawler/beat’em up feel. On October 19, 2011, SD Gundam Capsule Fighter Online joined OGPlanet's game roster, through an agreement with Bandai Korea.
Tactical Intervention, the co-creator of Counter-Strike's ("Gooseman's") latest FPS, is currently in Beta with OGPlanet and will be launching some time in 2012.
References.
Happy Anniversary, Rumble Fighter
OGPlanet Levels Up Rumble Fighter
"SD Gundam Capsule Fighter Online" Game Comes to North America

</doc>
<doc id="18779258" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18779258" title="Kabinou">
Kabinou

Kabinou is a town in the Ramongo Department of Boulkiemdé Province in central western Burkina Faso. It has a population of 2,381.

</doc>
<doc id="18779260" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18779260" title="Fire (Yes, Yes Y'all)">
Fire (Yes, Yes Y'all)

"Fire (Yes, Yes Y'all)" (simply known as "Fire") is a song by American rapper Joe Budden, featuring Busta Rhymes. Produced by Just Blaze, the song is the second single from Budden's 2003 eponymous debut album.
The song was featured during the party scene in the movie "Mean Girls". It was also featured in the pool scene of the pilot episode of "Entourage". Joe Budden had made a remix with Paul Cain and Fabolous which appeared on the latter's mixtape, """".

</doc>
<doc id="18779271" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18779271" title="Kolonkandé">
Kolonkandé

Kolonkandé is a town in the Ramongo Department of Boulkiemdé Province in central western Burkina Faso. It has a population of 3,579.

</doc>
<doc id="18779280" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18779280" title="Duchess potatoes">
Duchess potatoes

Duchess(e) potatoes () consist of a purée of mashed potato and egg yolk, butter, salt, pepper, nutmeg, which is forced from a piping bag or hand-moulded into various shapes which are then baked at 245 °C (475 °F) until golden. They are a classic item of French cuisine.

</doc>
<doc id="18779297" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18779297" title="Ramonkodogo">
Ramonkodogo

Ramonkodogo is a town in the Ramongo Department of Boulkiemdé Province, in central western Burkina Faso, with a population of 1,583.

</doc>
<doc id="18779314" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18779314" title="Make Believe Stories">
Make Believe Stories

The Make Believe Stories series, begun in 1918 under the pseudonym of Laura Lee Hope (best known for the Bobbsey Twins series), consisted of 12 books. The final book was published in 1923, while the series continued to be printed in different versions for years to come. It is highly likely that Lillian Garis and her husband Howard R. Garis were responsible for the writing of these books for the Stratemeyer Syndicate, although other syndicate authors may have been involved.
Titles.
The stories, all illustrated by Harry L. Smith, are:
Editions.
The books were published in 4 different versions, all by Grosset & Dunlap. All 12 books were assumedly published in each of the 4 versions (as the series was published in its entirety in the original red cover version), so you can collect an entire set in 1 of the 4 versions. 
The original version was shorter than most Grosset & Dunlap books, and had a red cover and blank white endpapers. Books 1 through about book 9 were printed with the same cover image on the book and dust jacket. Eventually around the 9th book, individual pictures were made for the remaining books. 
The second version retained the same shortened book size, but changed to a gray cover vice red, with same cover images. And the endpapers changed to a pictorial, shown below. 
The 3rd version changed to a thinner paper, so the entire book became thinner. The book height was slightly larger, and the book covers were changed completely. A selection of colors like blue, yellow and gray were used on this version, and the 4th. The dust jacket retained the original artwork, but added a larger band of white on the top and bottom. 
The 4th version was thin, like the 3rd, but the height was increased (now larger than other G & D books). The dust jacket retained the original dust jacket art, but not at the same relation to cover size as the original sizes did. 

</doc>
<doc id="18779324" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18779324" title="Salbisgo-Dapoya">
Salbisgo-Dapoya

Salbisgo-Dapoya is a town in the Ramongo Department of Boulkiemdé Province in central western Burkina Faso. It has a population of 2,762.

</doc>
<doc id="18779328" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18779328" title="Zuzana Tomas">
Zuzana Tomas

Zuzana Tomas (born 15 February 1977, Brezno) is a Slovak marathon athlete. Tomas competed at 2008 Summer Olympics, where she finished 67th in 2:49:39, about ten minutes behind her personal record (2:39:26). Tomas's coach is Aleksandar Tomas.
Tomas received her PhD in linguistics from the University of Utah in Salt Lake City, Utah, USA. She is currently an assistant professor in the World Languages department at Eastern Michigan University in Ypsilanti, Michigan, USA.

</doc>
<doc id="18779339" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18779339" title="Salgisgo-Itaoré">
Salgisgo-Itaoré

Salgisgo-Itaoré is a town in the Ramongo Department of Boulkiemdé Province in central western Burkina Faso. It has a population of 3,508.

</doc>
<doc id="18779343" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18779343" title="Yagoam">
Yagoam

Yagoam is a town in the Ramongo Department of Boulkiemdé Province in central western Burkina Faso. It has a population of 1,241.

</doc>
<doc id="18779345" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18779345" title="Bayandi Nabyiri">
Bayandi Nabyiri

Bayandi Nabyiri is a town in the Ramongo Department of Boulkiemdé Province in central western Burkina Faso. It has a population of 1,041.

</doc>
<doc id="18779349" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18779349" title="Bayandi Palogo">
Bayandi Palogo

Bayandi Palogo is a town in the Ramongo Department of Boulkiemdé Province in central western Burkina Faso. It has a population of 1,489.

</doc>
<doc id="18779360" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18779360" title="New York Cross Harbor Railroad Police">
New York Cross Harbor Railroad Police

The New York Cross Harbor Railroad Police was the law enforcement arm of the New York Cross Harbor Railroad. The NYCHRR was in existence from 1983-2006 when the operation was sold to Mid Atlantic New England Rail and it was renamed to New York New Jersey Rail.
History.
Beginning in the early 1990s, the New York Cross Harbor Railroad had its own police force. The NYCH PD employed a full-time police chief as well as about a dozen "Reserve Special Agents" led by the Reserve Superintendent of the Railroad Police.
The main duty of the NYCH PD was traffic control on freight movements that transversed First Avenue among other city thoroughfares. The NYCHRR Police Reserve held training drills on the property, as well as assisting with security during events and affairs concerning R. Diamond and Brooklyn Historic Railway Association.
Most of the Reserve Agents had been previously employed in some facet of law enforcement. The uniform was a light blue shirt, with blue jeans and work boots. A pair of patches were used, one for property protection, and the other for train protection, one on each sleeve. Gold badges were also used.

</doc>
<doc id="18779368" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18779368" title="Bayandi Tanguin">
Bayandi Tanguin

Bayandi Tanguin is a town in the Ramongo Department of Boulkiemdé Province in central western Burkina Faso. It has a population of 1,453.

</doc>
<doc id="18779369" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18779369" title="Blăjel">
Blăjel

Blăjel (; ) is a commune located in Sibiu County, Romania. It is composed of three villages: Blăjel, Păucea ("Pócstelke") and Româneşti ("Kalibák").
At the 2011 census, 68.9% of inhabitants were Romanians, 18.1% Roma, 12.1% Hungarians and 0.7% Germans.

</doc>
<doc id="18779370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18779370" title="Tote bag">
Tote bag

A tote bag is a large and often unfastened bag, with parallel handles that emerge from the sides of its pouch.
Description.
The archetypal tote is made of sturdy cloth, perhaps with thick leather at handles or bottom; leather versions often have a pebbled surface. Common fabrics include heavy canvas, possibly dyed, or treated to resist moisture and mold. Jute is another traditional material, though less popular. In recent decades, heavy nylon and other easy-care synthetics have become common, although these may degrade with prolonged sun-exposure. Many of today's inexpensive or free totes are often made from recycled matter, from minimally-processed natural fibers, or from byproducts of processes that refine organic materials.
History.
The term tote or tate, meaning "to carry", can be traced back to the 17th century but was not used to describe bags until 1900. However, the tote bag craze in the United States began in the 1940s with the release of L.L. Bean's Boat Bag in 1944. Because they were easier than carrying luggage, most people opted for using tote bags. During the 1950s, tote bags began to enter into the main culture. Women primarily utilized them as practical handheld bags because they didn't require much care. It wasn't until the 1960s when the tote bag embraced personal style. Bonnie Cohen released her own line of tote bags called Cashin Carry Tote Bags which combined style and functionality. In the 1990s, Kate Spade ultimately transformed how American culture embraced tote bags when she began carrying them as fashion bags. Today, fashion lovers and consumers can find tote bags in a variety of decorations and themes.

</doc>
<doc id="18779373" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18779373" title="Bazna">
Bazna

Bazna (; Transylvanian Saxon dialect: "Baußen"; ) is a commune located in Sibiu County, Romania. It is composed of three villages: Bazna, Boian ("Bonnesdorf"; "Bonnesdref"; "Alsóbajom") and Velţ ("Wölz"; "Welz"; "Velc" or "Völc"). It lies 13 km northeast of Mediaş, within the catchment area of the Târnava Mică River.
Settled by Transylvanian Saxons in the 13th century, in the late 1870s the Bazna area became part of Austria-Hungary's Kis-Küküllő County, in the Dicsőszentmárton subdivision. Following the Union of Transylvania with Romania in 1918, its villages became part of the Kingdom of Romania.
At the 2011 census, 66.7% of inhabitants were ethnic Romanians, 29.7% Roma, 2.6% Hungarians and 0.8% Germans. At the 2002 census, 86.6% were Romanian Orthodox, 4% Greek-Catholic, 3.6% Pentecostal, 2.2% Reformed, 1.4% Baptist and 0.9% Lutheran.
Villages.
Bazna village is first attested in a document of 1302. Initially, Saxons had settled to the west, near Boian, but due to the scenic aspect of Bazna valley, moved there and built an imposing fortified church. The church is built in Gothic style and incorporates 13th-century Romanesque elements, with the enclosure walls dating from the 15th and 16th centuries.
When natural gas and spring water containing salt and iodine were discovered in the 18th century, they drew notice from Transylvanian scientists. Among these were the Sibiu pharmacist Georg Bette, who studied the springs after 1752. The priest Andreas Caspari left a manuscript containing his observations for the 1762-1779 period. In it, he describes a number of healing springs, with names he gave them such as "Church spring", "Beggars' spring" and "Bitter fountain". In 1808, the Austrian Empire's officials in Vienna sent a committee of doctors and chemists to Bazna in order to study the healing properties of its salt waters and climate. In 1843, four inhabitants of Mediaş founded a society aimed at building a spa in Bazna; by 1845, 637 people were being treated there. In 1905, Bazna's Lutheran parishioners took control of the spa and its operations. That year, the spa had a pharmacy and specialist doctor, and began producing salt for distribution.
Boian.
Boian village is located 4 km from Bazna, along the Boian valley and surrounded by tall hills. First attested in 1309 in a document called "Teodorch de villa Boneti" as the seat of the Târnava Mică archbishop. In 1359, it was part of Kukoliensis (Târnava) comitatus in the Kingdom of Hungary, and in 1372, it is mentioned as "Boyan" and "villa Boyum". In 1395, it was part of Cetatea de Baltă district and remained there for a long time, including when the latter belonged to the voivodes of Moldavia. Around 1488, during the reign of Stephen III, King Matthias Corvinus of Hungary donated a number of villages, including Boian, as fiefs to Moldavia, a situation that lasted until the reign of Alexandru Lăpuşneanu, when the princes of Transylvania decided to reclaim the villages. Today, the coat of arms of Moldavia appears in the church and on the gate tower.
Velţ.
The name of Velţ village is probably derived from the Hungarian "völgy", meaning "valley". It was first mentioned in 1359 under the names of Velz and Veolcz (Völc). In 1372 it was mentioned as Weulcz; in 1861, under the Germanized name Wolzen. One of the smallest villages in the Mediaş area, it was first recognized as a small village in 1876; in 1909 it was deemed a large village. Located along the Velţ valley, it is surrounded by wooded hills with a maximum height of 442 m.
In 1850 the population of the village was 992, including 568 Romanians, 368 Germans, and 54 Roma; there were 396 Greek Catholics, 368 Lutherans, and 226 Eastern Orthodox. In 1900, there were 1112 inhabitants: 651 Romanians, 421 Germans, and 40 Hungarians; there were 500 Greek Catholics, 423 Lutherans, and 156 Eastern Orthodox. By 2002, the population had fallen to 627, including 344 Romanians, 269 Roma, and 14 Hungarians; there were 470 Eastern Orthodox, 102 Greek Catholics, and 47 Pentecostals.

</doc>
<doc id="18779378" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18779378" title="Axente Sever, Sibiu">
Axente Sever, Sibiu

Axente Sever (until 1931 "Frâua"; ; ) is a commune located in Sibiu County, Romania, named for Ioan Axente Sever.
The commune is composed of three villages: Agârbiciu ("Arbegen"; "Szászegerbegy"), Axente Sever and Șoala ("Schaal"; "Sálya"). In each of these three villages there are Saxon fortified churches erected in the 14th century and fortified till the 16th century. 
References.
Augustin Ioan and Hanna Derer. "The Fortified Churches of the Transylvanian Saxons". Noi Media Print, 2004

</doc>
<doc id="18779385" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18779385" title="Arpașu de Jos">
Arpașu de Jos

Arpașu de Jos is a commune located in Sibiu County, Romania. It is composed of three villages: Arpașu de Jos Arpașu de Sus and Nou Român.

</doc>
<doc id="18779389" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18779389" title="Apoldu de Jos">
Apoldu de Jos

Apoldu de Jos is a commune located in Sibiu County, Romania. It is composed of two villages, Apoldu de Jos and Sângătin.

</doc>
<doc id="18779390" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18779390" title="Alma, Sibiu">
Alma, Sibiu

Alma (; ) is a commune located in Sibiu County, Romania. It is composed of three villages: Alma, Giacăş ("Gyákos"; "Jakobsdorf") and Şmig ("Somogyom"; "Schmiegen"). At the 2011 census, 70.1% of inhabitants were Romanians, 24.2% Hungarians and 4.7% Roma.

</doc>
<doc id="18779393" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18779393" title="Wet wipe marker">
Wet wipe marker

Wet-wipe markers or wet-erase markers are a type of writing implement, which are used primarily on overhead transparencies, tablets at restaurants, and office calendars. Other uses include writing on mirrors, chalkboards, plastics, ceramics, glass windows and other non-porous surfaces.
The markers are similar to other products such as dry erase markers, in both their uses and applications, and also in that they come in an assortment of colors. They differ, however, in their use of a quick drying liquid paste as their medium. By using a paste instead of an alcohol base, the marking is semi-permanent, and will not be wiped away by a whiteboard eraser. Additionally, the paste is less likely to cause allergic reaction than dry-erase alcohol or chalk dust.
Because of their semi-permanent nature, wet wipe markers are often used to draw a template, especially in school classrooms or on calendars (to mark the boxes). Dry erase markers can usually be applied on top of the wet wipe marker, and erased without touching the wet wipe marks.
Wet wipe markers were often used on overhead projector transparencies, as they could be stored and transported easily, unlike a traditional chalkboard. With the rise of computerized slide-shows (e.g. PowerPoint) in the classroom and office, overhead usage has reduced substantially, and with it, the wet wipe marker.
Marks can then be cleaned off non-porous surfaces with a damp cloth.
The contents of these markers are: water, resin, and titanium dioxide.

</doc>
<doc id="18779406" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18779406" title="Kateřina Emmons">
Kateřina Emmons

Kateřina Emmons, née Kůrková () (born November 17, 1983 in Plzeň, Czechoslovakia) is a female Czech sport shooter who competed in the 2004 Summer Olympics, where she won a bronze medal, and the 2008 Summer Olympics, where she won her first gold medal in the women's 10 metre air rifle competition, and the very first gold medal of that particular games.
On her way to the gold medal, Emmons equalled the qualifying round world record and set a new Olympic record by achieving a maximum score of 400. She then proceeded to set a new Olympic record in the final by totalling 503.5.
Personal life.
Emmons is married to American Olympic rifle shooter Matthew Emmons. They met at the 2004 Olympic Games in Athens and married in Pilsen on June 30, 2007. They both live and train at the Colorado Springs Olympic Training Center. Their daughter, Julia, was born in 2009. Her father currently coaches the Australian shooting team.

</doc>
<doc id="18779407" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18779407" title="Crystal Waters, Queensland">
Crystal Waters, Queensland

Crystal Waters (also known as Crystal Waters Permaculture Village and Crystal Waters Ecovillage) is a village situated in the Sunshine Coast hinterland of Queensland, Australia.
In 1995, the village of Crystal Waters received a United Nations world habitat award for its "pioneering work in demonstrating new ways of low impact, sustainable living". In 1998, the village of Crystal Waters was included in the "World's Best Practices" database of the United Nations organization.

</doc>
<doc id="18779408" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18779408" title="Dârlos">
Dârlos

Dârlos is a commune located in Sibiu County, Romania. It is composed of three villages: Curciu, Dârlos and Valea Lungă.
At the 2011 census, 75.5% of inhabitants were Romanians, 19.1% Roma, 4.4% Hungarians and 0.9% Germans.

</doc>
<doc id="18779409" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18779409" title="Institute of Industrial Arts Technology Education">
Institute of Industrial Arts Technology Education

The Institute of Industrial Arts Technology Education is the professional association for New South Wales (NSW) Industrial Arts educators.

</doc>
<doc id="18779412" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18779412" title="Higher Self (album)">
Higher Self (album)

Higher Self is the third album by Japanese singer Kyosuke Himuro.

</doc>
<doc id="18779414" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18779414" title="Cristian, Sibiu">
Cristian, Sibiu

Cristian (; ) is a commune located in Sibiu County, Romania. It is composed of a single village, Cristian.

</doc>
<doc id="18779415" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18779415" title="Chirpăr">
Chirpăr

Chirpăr (; ) is a commune located in Sibiu County, Romania. It is composed of four villages: Chirpăr, Săsăuş ("Sachsenhausen"; "Szászház"), Vărd ("Werd"; "Vérd") and Veseud ("Zied"; "Vessződ"). Chirpăr and Veseud villages have fortified churches.
Architecture.
The village church was erected by the local Transylvanian Saxon community in the 12th century. It was initially built as a Romanesque basilica, made of stone. 

</doc>
<doc id="18779418" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18779418" title="Bruiu">
Bruiu

Bruiu () is a commune located in Sibiu County, Romania. It is composed of three villages: Bruiu, Gherdeal and Şomartin. Each of these has a fortified church.
Architecture.
Built by the local Transylvanian Saxon community, the village church was first attested in 1307. Initially built as a Romanesque basilica, it was transformed in the 15th century, when Gothic elements were added. 

</doc>
<doc id="18779420" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18779420" title="Brădeni">
Brădeni

Brădeni (; ) is a commune located in Sibiu County, Romania. It is composed of three villages: Brădeni, Retiş and Ţeline.
Architecture.
A hall-shaped Lutheran church was erected by the local Transylvanian Saxon community in the 15th century.

</doc>
<doc id="18779423" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18779423" title="Brateiu">
Brateiu

Brateiu (; ; Transylvanian Saxon dialect: "Pretoa") is a commune located in Sibiu County, Romania. It is composed of two villages, Brateiu and Buzd ("Bussd"; "Szászbuzd"; "Buss"), each of which has a fortified church. There is a burial ground located here which is dated to the 4th century. The Daco-Roman cemetery is situated on the bank of the Tirnava Mare river, and is estimated to date to between 380 - 454 AD.
At the 2011 census, 57% of inhabitants were Romanians, 41% Roma and 1% each Germans and Hungarians.

</doc>
<doc id="18779426" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18779426" title="Director's chair">
Director's chair

A director's chair is a lightweight chair that folds side-to-side with a scissors action. The seat and back are made of canvas or a similar strong fabric which bears the user's full weight and can be folded; the frame is made of wood, or sometimes metal or plastic. The seat and scissors members work together to support and distribute the sitter's weight so that the seat is comfortably taut. The back is usually low and the chair usually has armrests. The stereotypical image of a movie director on location includes one of these chairs, hence the name. Victor Papanek describes this chair as an excellent design in his book "Design for the Real World" as it is simple and ideally suited to its function. The design goes back to coffer-makers' chairs of the 15th century and eventually to the Roman curule chair.
The modern American style director's chairs were introduced by the Gold Medal Camp Furniture company. In 1892, the Gold Medal Classic design won an award for excellence in casual furniture design in the lead-up to the 1893 World's Fair Columbian Exposition in Chicago.

</doc>
<doc id="18779428" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18779428" title="Mihăileni, Sibiu">
Mihăileni, Sibiu

Mihăileni is a commune located in Sibiu County, Romania. It is composed of five villages: Metiş, Mihăileni, Moardăş, Răvăşel and Şalcău. Metiş and Moardăş have fortified churches.

</doc>
<doc id="18779431" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18779431" title="Bushell">
Bushell

Bushell is a surname of English origin. The name refers to:

</doc>
<doc id="18779432" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18779432" title="Micăsasa">
Micăsasa

Micăsasa (; ) is a commune located in Sibiu County, Romania. It is composed of four villages: Chesler ("Kesseln"; "Keszlér"), Micăsasa, Ţapu and Văleni. Micăsasa and Ţapu villages have fortified churches.
At the 2011 census, 93.4% of inhabitants were Romanians, 4.4% Hungarians, 1.5% Roma and 0.6% Germans.

</doc>
<doc id="18779436" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18779436" title="Merghindeal">
Merghindeal

Merghindeal (; ) is a commune located in Sibiu County, Romania. It is composed of two villages, Dealu Frumos (formerly "Şulumberg"; "Schönberg"; "Lesses") and Merghindeal. Each of these has a fortified church.
At the 2011 census, 78.8% of inhabitants were Romanians, 17% Roma, 2.7% Hungarians and 1.4% Germans.

</doc>
<doc id="18779438" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18779438" title="Marpod">
Marpod

Marpod is a commune located in Sibiu County, Romania. It is composed of two villages, Ilimbav and Marpod.

</doc>
<doc id="18779439" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18779439" title="Ludoș">
Ludoș

Ludoş (; ; Transylvanian Saxon dialect: "Logdes") is a commune located in Sibiu County, Romania. It is composed of two villages, Gusu ("Giesshübel"; "Kisludas"; "Gäszhiwel") and Ludoş.

</doc>
<doc id="18779443" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18779443" title="Loamneș">
Loamneș

Loamneş (; ) is a commune located in Sibiu County, Romania. It is composed of six villages: Alămor, Armeni, Haşag, Loamneş, Mândra and Sădinca.

</doc>
<doc id="18779446" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18779446" title="Laslea">
Laslea

Laslea (; ) is a commune located in Sibiu County, Romania. It is composed of five villages: Floreşti, Laslea, Mălâncrav, Nou Săsesc and Roandola.
At the 2011 census, 61% of inhabitants were Romanians, 30% Roma, 7.5% Germans and 1% Hungarians. At the 2002 census, 76.2% were Romanian Orthodox, 7.2% Pentecostal, 5.7% Evangelical Lutheran, 5.2% Seventh-day Adventist, 2.6% Evangelical Church of Augustan Confession and 1.2% Baptist.
Villages.
Mălâncrav is a village in Laslea commune. A dirt road of 10 km leads to the village. It was originally populated by Transylvanian Saxons.
Here are found the most significant Gothic murals in Transylvania aside from those at Ghelința in Covasna County.
The Saxon Romanesque Lutheran church has early 14th-century Gothic murals in the apse, 15th-century ones in the nave and a 15th-century late Gothic altar.
In later centuries the Apafi family (Hungarian nobles in Transylvania) buried their dead in the church since they had overlordship in the village, but the sarcophagi were removed (one of Mihaly Apafi is now in Budapest's Hungarian National Museum). The locality was not part of the autonomous Saxon territory, although until the 1970s it was populated by Germans.
Prince of Wales and sustainable tourism.
In 2006, The Prince of Wales bought and restored two 18th century Transylvanian Saxon houses in the villages of Mălâncrav and Viscri to help protect the unique way of life that has existed for hundreds of years and promote sustainable tourism.
The buildings have been sensitively restored and converted into guesthouses for tourists. They remain in keeping with the surrounding architecture and feature a number of Transylvanian antiques but with modern facilities where possible.
The renovation of these buildings has helped provide a sustainable future for the people of rural Transylvania while also enabling residents to maintain their traditional way of life.

</doc>
<doc id="18779447" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18779447" title="Kamsi">
Kamsi

Kamsi is a town in the Ramongo Department of Boulkiemdé Province in central western Burkina Faso. It has a population of 1,996.

</doc>
<doc id="18779449" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18779449" title="Iacobeni, Sibiu">
Iacobeni, Sibiu

Iacobeni (; ) is a commune located in Sibiu County, Romania.
At the 2011 census, 60.2% of inhabitants were Romanians, 35.8% Roma and 1.3% Germans.
Villages.
The commune is composed of five villages: Iacobeni, Movile ("Hundertbücheln"; "Százhalom"), Netuş, Noiştat and Stejărişu. Each of them has a fortified church.
Movile.
Movile is a village noted for its medieval fortifications constructed by German immigrants at the behest of the Hungarian King in the 12th and 13th centuries.
In 1910 the population was 247 Saxons. Movile was part of Austria-Hungary until 1918, when it was transferred to Romania. By 1992, all of the Germans had left and the population was made up of 347 ethnic Romanians.

</doc>
<doc id="18779451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18779451" title="Hoghilag">
Hoghilag

Hoghilag is a commune located in Sibiu County, Romania. It is composed of three villages: Hoghilag, Prod and Valchid. The fortified church of Prod was demolished in 1902, while the fortified church of Valchid is still in a relatively good shape.
At the 2011 census, 72% of inhabitants were Romanians, 23.6% Roma, 3.3% Hungarians and 1% Germans.

</doc>
<doc id="18779457" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18779457" title="Moșna, Sibiu">
Moșna, Sibiu

Moşna (; ) is a commune located in Sibiu County, Romania. It is composed of three villages: Alma Vii, Moşna and Nemşa. Moşna and Alma Vii have fortified churches.
At the 2011 census, 84% of inhabitants were Romanians, 12.6% Roma, 1.8% Hungarians and 1.5% Germans.

</doc>
<doc id="18779459" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18779459" title="Koukinkuilga">
Koukinkuilga

Koukinkuilga is a village in the Ramongo Department of Boulkiemdé Province in central western Burkina Faso. It has a population of 327.

</doc>
<doc id="18779460" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18779460" title="Albert Burge">
Albert Burge

Albert Bentley "Son" Burge (4 June 1889–1943) was an Australian rugby union lock who played with the Souths rugby union club in Sydney and at the age of nineteen was selected for the Australian national team in two Tests against New Zealand in 1907.
Rugby union career.
He made the Wallaby tour of Great Britain of 1908, called up as a squad replacement for his brother Peter who broke his leg. Alby appeared in a Test match against Wales. He was sent off for kicking in that match and did not make another rugby international appearance. Despite his sending off, Burge continued to be selected for the invitational matches against club opposition during the tour. Two weeks after the Wales match, Burge was part of the Australian team that faced Cardiff, and was again sent from the pitch by referee Gil Evans after 'brutally' kicking Dai Westacott while the player was prone on the ground.
Rugby league career.
He switched to rugby league football initially joining Newtown but then in 1911 he joined his brother Frank at Glebe. Albert was the captain of the Glebe side that lost the 1911 New South Wales Rugby League premiership final to Easts and captained the side for much of the next decade.

</doc>
<doc id="18779464" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18779464" title="Richard Altham">
Richard Altham

Richard James Livingstone Altham (19 January 1924 – 17 August 2005) was an English first-class cricketer who played for Oxford University Cricket Club and the Free Foresters.
His highest score of 14 came when playing for Oxford University in the match against Free Foresters. 
He also played for Hertfordshire in the Minor Counties Championship.
His father was Harry Altham, the cricket historian, coach and schoolmaster.

</doc>
<doc id="18779467" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18779467" title="Ramongo-Tanguin">
Ramongo-Tanguin

Ramongo-Tanguin is a town in the Ramongo Department of Boulkiemdé Province in central western Burkina Faso. It has a population of 2,520.

</doc>
<doc id="18779468" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18779468" title="Târnava, Sibiu">
Târnava, Sibiu

Târnava (; ) is a commune located in Sibiu County, Romania. It is composed of two villages, Colonia Târnava and Târnava.
At the 2011 census, 64.6% of inhabitants were Romanians, 31.5% Roma, 2.7% Hungarians and 1.1% Germans.

</doc>
<doc id="18779472" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18779472" title="Șura Mare">
Șura Mare

Şura Mare (; ) is a commune located in Sibiu County, Romania. It is composed of two villages, Hamba and Şura Mare. Both of these have fortified churches.

</doc>
<doc id="18779474" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18779474" title="Șeica Mică">
Șeica Mică

Şeica Mică (; ) is a commune located in Sibiu County, Romania. It is composed of two villages, Soroştin ("Schorsten"; "Sorostély") and Şeica Mică.

</doc>
<doc id="18779476" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18779476" title="Șeica Mare">
Șeica Mare

Şeica Mare (; ) is a commune located in Sibiu County, Romania. It is composed of six villages: Boarta, Buia, Mighindoala, Petiş, Şeica Mare and Ştenea. Calvaser ("Kaltwasser"; "Hidegvíz") was also a village until the late 20th century, when it was absorbed by Şeica Mare village.
At the 2011 census, 88.8% of inhabitants were Romanians, 6% Hungarians, 4.2% Roma and 1% Germans.
Villages.
Buia village was first attested in a document of 1269, under the name of "poss Bulla". In 1918, it had 1167 residents, of whom 736 were Romanians and the rest Germans and Hungarians. By 2002, the population was down to 634: 516 Romanians, 104 Hungarians and three Roma. The village is in the southern part of the commune, linked to Șeica Mare by an 11 km stretch of county road. Farkas Bolyai was born there in 1775.
Mighindoala (, meaning "Angels' Valley", ) is a small village in the Şeica Mare commune.
This place is located at 46.0000 North latitude and 24.2833 East longitude. The altitude is above the sea level.
As recently as 1975, the village had in excess of 50 houses, but was gradually deserted after the communist regime withdrew infrastructure such as teachers and doctors. As of 2004, there were only four people left in this village. There were only about ten buildings standing, including the Protestant church. The Romanian Orthodox church no longer has a roof, and trees are growing inside it.
The only economic activity there is agriculture, very much based on the traditional farming of sheep, cows and horses.

</doc>
<doc id="18779483" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18779483" title="Slimnic">
Slimnic

Slimnic is a commune located in Sibiu County, Romania. It is composed of five villages: Albi, Pădureni, Ruşi, Slimnic and Veseud. Slimnic and Ruşi villages have fortified churches. Slimnic village also has a medieval citadel.

</doc>
<doc id="18779486" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18779486" title="Roșia, Sibiu">
Roșia, Sibiu

Roşia (; ) is a commune located in Sibiu County, Romania. It is composed of six villages: Caşolţ, Cornăţel, Daia (formerly "Daia Săsească"), Nou, Nucet and Roşia.

</doc>
<doc id="18779489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18779489" title="Laidley Burge">
Laidley Burge

Laidley Burge represented for New South Wales in rugby league. He played 64 games for the Glebe Dirty Reds between 1916 and 1922 many of them alongside his brother Frank. He and Frank formed a front-row partnership in the Glebe side that contested the 1922 NSWRL Grand final against North Sydney.

</doc>
<doc id="18779494" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18779494" title="Vurpăr">
Vurpăr

Vurpăr (; ) is a commune located in Sibiu County, Romania. It is composed of a single village, Vurpăr. In 2002, it had 2359 inhabitants, of whom 1298 Romanians, 1010 Romani, 50 Germans and 1 other. 2154 inhabitants were Romanian Orthodox, with most of the rest belonging to newer Protestant faiths (aside from 29 Lutherans).
Germans were long dominant in Burgberg, founded in the 13th century. Most residents of the commune, governed by a mayor and a council, work in agriculture.

</doc>
<doc id="18779498" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18779498" title="Valea Viilor">
Valea Viilor

Valea Viilor (colloquially "Vorumloc"; ; ) is a commune located in Sibiu County, Romania. It has a population of 2,034 (as of 2002), and is composed of two villages, Motiș ("Mortesdorf"; "Martontelke") and Valea Viilor. Each of these has a fortified church.

</doc>
<doc id="18779502" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18779502" title="Turnu Roșu">
Turnu Roșu

Turnu Roşu (; ) is a commune located in Sibiu County, Romania. It is composed of two villages, Sebeşu de Jos ("Unterschewesch"; "Oltalsósebes") and Turnu Roşu.

</doc>
<doc id="18779504" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18779504" title="The Olympic Adventures of Fuwa">
The Olympic Adventures of Fuwa

The Olympic Adventures of Fuwa (Chinese: 福娃奥运漫游记; Hanyu Pinyin: Fúwá Àoyùn Mànyóujì) is a Chinese animation portraying the 2008 Summer Olympics mascots, known as the Fuwa. The series began running on August 8, 2007. Prior to the television release, Kaku TV distributed copies of the series to foreign embassies and cities.
The series, produced by Kaku TV and China Beijing TV Station, aired on China Beijing TV Station and over 100 other Chinese television channels.
Creators from Mainland China and Hong Kong collaborated to produce the series.
The Asian Animation Comics Contest awarded the series "Best Production" in September 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="18779505" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18779505" title="Purple shore crab">
Purple shore crab

The purple shore crab, Hemigrapsus nudus, is a common crab of the family Varunidae. It can be found sheltering under rocks in inter-tidal areas along the west coast of North America, from Alaska to Baja California in Mexico. This crab primarily eats sea lettuce and other green algae, and occasionally scavenges dead animals.
Description.
A small crab, "H. nudus" reaches sizes of approximately . Its dorsal shell (carapace) is generally a dark purple in color, although it may be olive green or red, with white or cream markings. The color of the legs matches the color of the carapace but the white-tipped claws (chelipeds) are a lighter color with purple or red spots – these spots allow "H. nudus" to be distinguished from a similar looking crab, the lined shore crab, "Pachygrapsus crassipes", whose chelipeds lack spots. The legs of "H. nudus" lack setae, a distinguishing feature of the otherwise similar "H. oregonensis".

</doc>
<doc id="18779533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18779533" title="Primeau">
Primeau

Primeau is a surname of French origin meaning "prime" or "first" or "cousin". Variations include Primeaux, Primo, Premo, Promo. The name refers to:

</doc>
<doc id="18779540" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18779540" title="Soaw, Burkina Faso">
Soaw, Burkina Faso

Soaw, Burkina Faso is a town in the Soaw Department of Boulkiemdé Province in central western Burkina Faso. It is the capital of the Soaw Department and has a population of 5,908.

</doc>
<doc id="18779556" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18779556" title="Bokin, Boulkiemdé">
Bokin, Boulkiemdé

Bokin, Boulkiemdé is a village in the Soaw Department of Boulkiemdé Province in central western Burkina Faso. It has a population of 242.

</doc>
<doc id="18779558" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18779558" title="Kalwaka">
Kalwaka

Kalwaka is a town in the Soaw Department of Boulkiemdé Province in central western Burkina Faso. It has a population of 2,175.

</doc>
<doc id="18779563" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18779563" title="Peter Burge (rugby)">
Peter Burge (rugby)

Peter Harold Boyne Burge (14 February 1884 – July 1956) was an Australian rugby footballer and coach. He represented his country in both rugby league and rugby union. The eldest of the four Burge brothers, Peter was one of the first Australian dual-code rugby internationals.
Rugby union career.
Playing rugby union with South Sydney in 1904 the twenty-year old Burge was selected for the Metropolis (City) representative side against the Great Britain tourists. When the All Blacks toured in 1905 Burge played against them firstly for Metropolis and then in a New South Wales side.
Burge, a lock claimed a total of three international rugby caps for Australia. In two of these matches, he served as captain. His debut game was against New Zealand, at Sydney, on 20 July 1907. He made two rugby union tours, to New Zealand in 1905 with the first full Australian team and later on the epic 1908-09 Australia rugby union tour of the British Isles and France under captain Paddy Moran. On both trips he only played one game due to injury. On the Wallaby tour of 1908 he broke his tibia in his first match against Devon. He took no further part in the tour and one of the replacements sent over to fill the touring squad was his brother Albert Burge.
Rugby league career.
He was one of the fourteen 1908-09 Wallabies including Chris McKivat, Charles McMurtie, "Boxer" Russell and Arthur McCabe who defected to rugby league after their return from the Olympics and the epic tour. In Burge's case he joined his brother Alby in the 1909 "Wallabies v Kangaroos" promotional match which then disqualified him from the amateur code.
He joined the South Sydney Rabbitohs in 1910 but then the following year linked with Albert and Frank at Glebe. He toured Great Britain on the 1911–12 Kangaroo tour of Great Britain, captained by his former Wallaby and then Glebe captain, Chris McKivat. He made four tour matches appearances for Australia.
Along with McMurtie and Bob Stuart, Peter Burge made his international league debut in a tour match on that 1911 tour but did not play in any Tests. Collectively they were therefore Australia's 17th to 19th dual-code rugby internationals.
Like Frank Burge had done in 1927, Peter in 1937 coached the St. George Dragons.

</doc>
<doc id="18779572" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18779572" title="Kolokom">
Kolokom

Kolokom is a village in the Soaw Department of Boulkiemdé Province in central western Burkina Faso. It has a population of 667.

</doc>
<doc id="18779574" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18779574" title="Bombe glacée">
Bombe glacée

A bombe glacée or simply a bombe in English, is an ice cream dessert frozen in a spherical mould so as to resemble a cannonball, hence the name. Escoffier gives over sixty recipes for "bombes" in "Le Guide culinaire". A recipe for "chocolate & meringue bombe" is given in "Mary Berry's Complete Cook Book". The dessert appeared on restaurant menus as early as 1882.

</doc>
<doc id="18779578" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18779578" title="Mongdin">
Mongdin

Mongdin is a village in the Soaw Department of Boulkiemdé Province in central western Burkina Faso. It has a population of 898.

</doc>
<doc id="18779584" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18779584" title="Poéssé">
Poéssé

Poéssé is a town in the Soaw Department of Boulkiemdé Province in central western Burkina Faso. It has a population of 3,591.

</doc>
<doc id="18779587" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18779587" title="Séguédin, Soaw">
Séguédin, Soaw

Séguédin, Soaw is a town in the Soaw Department of Boulkiemdé Province in central western Burkina Faso. It has a population of 2,802.

</doc>
<doc id="18779590" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18779590" title="Bakuman">
Bakuman

The manga was serialized in the magazine "Weekly Shōnen Jump" from August 11, 2008 to April 23, 2012. The 176 chapters were collected into 20 tankōbon volumes by Shueisha, with the first released on January 5, 2009 and the last on July 4, 2012. An anime television adaptation of the series began airing on NHK-E on October 2, 2010. To date there are three seasons created by J.C.Staff, the third of which began broadcasting on October 6, 2012.
"Bakuman" was the seventh best-selling manga series of 2011 and the tenth best of 2012, with nearly 4.4 million and over 3.2 million copies sold those years respectively. Additionally, it is the first manga released online by Shueisha in multiple languages before becoming available in print outside of Japan. In 2009, Viz Media announced it had licensed the series for a North American release. Besides releasing the series in collected volumes, they also released it in their online manga anthology "Weekly Shonen Jump Alpha" (beginning with chapter 162), with the final chapter released on May 7, 2012.
Some manga characters resemble real authors and editors of "Weekly Shōnen Jump"; many manga titles mentioned in "Bakuman" are also series published in "Weekly Shōnen Jump" at that time.
Plot.
The plot begins when Moritaka Mashiro, a junior high student, forgets his notebook in class. His classmate, Akito Takagi, notes Mashiro's drawings in it and asks him to become a manga artist to his stories. Mashiro declines, citing his late manga artist uncle, who died from overworking. Takagi incites Mashiro to meet with Miho Azuki, Mashiro's crush, and tells her the two plan to become manga artists. In response, Azuki reveals her plans to be a voice actress. Mashiro proposes to her that they should both marry when Azuki becomes a voice actress for the anime adaptation of their manga. The two then start creating their manga, under the pen name Muto Ashirogi, in hopes of getting serialized in "Weekly Shōnen Jump".
After submitting many one-shots to Shueisha, Ashirogi begin with their first published series in "Weekly Shōnen Jump", "Detective Trap", which is eventually canceled due to its declining popularity. Their next series is the gag manga "Run, Daihatsu Tanto!", which they give up on, realizing it will never be popular. Their current series "Perfect Crime Party" is met with considerable popularity but due to its theme, is unfit for an anime series. When their rival, Eiji Nizuma, submits a one-shot for serialization, Ashirogi competes by submitting "Reversi" which replaces "Perfect Crime Party" while the latter is moved to Shueisha's fictional monthly magazine, "Hisshou Jump". "Reversi" is chosen for an anime adaptation with Miho as one of the voice actresses, after she passes a public audition. After fulfilling their dreams, the series ends with Mashiro officially proposing to Miho at the place they made their promise, followed by their first kiss.
Media.
Manga.
Written by Tsugumi Ohba and drawn by Takeshi Obata, "Bakuman" was serialized in Shueisha's "Weekly Shōnen Jump" magazine from its premiere on August 11, 2008 to its end on April 23, 2012. The 176 chapters were then collected into 20 tankōbon volumes from January 5, 2009 to July 4, 2012. Several chapters of the series were released on Jumpland's official website in Japanese, English, French, and German; the first chapter was released on August 19, 2008. It is Shueisha's first manga to be released online in multiple languages before becoming available in print outside of Japan. A 15-page one-shot of the series "Otter #11", the gag manga created by the character Kazuya Hiramaru in "Bakuman", was published in the August 8, 2010 issue of "Weekly Shōnen Jump". It was then published the following week in "Shōnen Jump Next" on August 16. Viz Media included an English translation of it in the free SJ Alpha Yearbook 2013, which was mailed out to annual subscribers of "Weekly Shonen Jump Alpha" in December 2012.
In addition to the success of "Bakuman" in Japan, the series has also been licensed worldwide: in Korea by Daiwon C.I. and serialized in their "Comic Champ" manhwa magazine, by Tong Li Publishing in Taiwan, Kana in France, Norma in Spain, Tokyopop in Germany, Comics House in Malaysia, Kim Dong Publishing House in Vietnam, in Brazil by Editora JBC and NED in Thailand. At San Diego Comic-Con International 2009, Viz Media announced it had licensed the series for English release in the US and Canada, with the first volume released on August 3, 2010. To date they have published 17 volumes, with the final currently scheduled for release on August 6, 2013. In addition to the collected volumes, Viz also published the series online in their manga anthology "Weekly Shonen Jump Alpha". "Bakuman" started with chapter 162 in the anthology's debut issue on January 30, 2012, and ended with the series' final chapter released on May 7, 2012.
Anime.
A 25-episode anime television series based on "Bakuman" was announced in "Weekly Shōnen Jump"'s second issue of 2010. Created by J.C.Staff, it began broadcasting on NHK on October 2, 2010 and ran until April 2, 2011. In December 2010, "Weekly Shōnen Jump" announced that a second season would air in Fall 2011; it ran from October 1, 2011 to March 24, 2012. Due to the popularity of the second season of the anime, a third season was announced in the 3/4th (2012) combined issue of "Weekly Shōnen Jump" and began airing on October 6, 2012. It ran for 25 episodes between October 6, 2012 and March 30, 2013.
In August 2011, Media Blasters licensed the first two seasons of the "Bakuman" anime for North America, including an English-language dub. The first seven episodes were included on a 2-disc DVD set released on November 22, 2011, however, the second was halted in February 2012. The first Blu-ray release was cancelled indefinitely in June 2012. Viz Media Europe acquired the rights for release in Europe and the United Kingdom in March 2012, in collaboration with Manga Entertainment and Kazé. After Media Blasters' cancellation, Kazé revealed the UK release would be subtitled only. In November 2012, Media Blasters officially announced they are discontinuing the series, but added that Viz Media might pick up the license for NA.
Games.
A videogame adaptation based on the Manga/Anime, was made for Nintendo DS by Namco Bandai Games. The game was released in Japan on December 15, 2011.
Reception.
Carlo Santos of Anime News Network praises the conflicting viewpoints of the protagonists and is surprised that the series succeeds, not only as a manga about manga, but as slice-of-life series about the dreams of youth. However, Santos comments that this series could learn from Ohba and Obata's previous series "Death Note"; the beginning is not as gripping and the plot twists are "pretty weak" and "seem like petty contrivances". Despite this, he believes that the series is "another hit".
The first volume of the series placed fourth out of thirty in manga sales in Japan for the week of January 6–12, 2009, selling 154,675 copies during that time. The week after, January 13–19, the volume fell to ninth place selling 38,176 copies. The second volume followed suit placing second during the week of March 2–9, selling 228,056 copies, and falling to seventh during the following week of March 10–16, selling an additional 62,947 copies. The third volume continued the trend and placed fourth during the week of June 1–7, 2009, selling 200,369 copies and placed sixth during the next week of June 8–14, selling 67,541 copies. During the first half of 2009, the first volume placed twenty-eighth and the second volume placed twenty-seventh of fifty top-selling manga in Japan, selling 381,633 and 394,567 copies respectively. "Bakuman" was the seventh best-selling manga series of 2011, with almost 4.4 million copies sold, and the tenth best of 2012, with over 3.2 million sold that year.
In the United States, volume one debuted at number 6 on the "New York Times" Manga Graphic Books list for the week of August 12 and remained on the list for eight weeks straight. In Japan, it has sold over 13 million copies as of April 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="18779592" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18779592" title="Zoétgomdé, Boulkiemdé">
Zoétgomdé, Boulkiemdé

Zoétgomdé, Boulkiemdé is a village in the Soaw Department of Boulkiemdé Province in central western Burkina Faso. It has a population of 721.

</doc>
<doc id="18779594" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18779594" title="Prehistory of Sri Lanka">
Prehistory of Sri Lanka

This article deals with the prehistory of Sri Lanka since human habitation and covers the Palaeolithic, Mesolithic and early Iron ages until the ancient history of Sri Lanka.
There is evidence of Paleolithic (Homo erectus) people in Sri Lanka from about 300,000 BP and possibly even as early as 500,000 BP. There is strong evidence of prehistoric settlements in Sri Lanka by about 125,000 BP. Evidence of a transition between the Mesolithic and the Iron Age is scant.
Fluctuations in sea level led to Sri Lanka being linked to the Indian subcontinent from time to time over the past million years. The last such link occurred about 5000 BC.
Palaeolithic.
Findings at Iranamadu indicate that there were Paeolithic people in Sri Lanka as early as 300,000 BP. There is definite evidence of settlements by prehistoric people in Sri Lanka by about 125,000 BP. These people made tools of quartz and chert which are assignable to the Middle Palaeolithic period.
Mesolithic.
The island appears to have been colonised by the Balangoda Man (named after the area where his remains were discovered) prior to 34,000 BP. They have been identified as a group of Mesolithic hunter gatherers who lived in caves. Fa Hien Cave has yielded the earliest evidence (at c. 34,000 BP) of anatomically modern humans in South Asia.
Several of these caves including the well known Batadombalena and the Fa Hien Cave have yielded many artefacts that points to them being the first modern inhabitants of the island. There is evidence from Beli-lena that salt had been brought in from the coast earlier than 27,000 BP.
Several minute granite tools of about 4 centimetres in length, earthenware and remnants of charred timber, and clay burial pots that date back to the Stone Age Mesolithic people who lived 8,000 years ago have been discovered during recent excavations around a cave at Varana Raja Maha vihara and also in Kalatuwawa area.
It is suspected that the hunter gatherer people known as the "Wanniyala-Aetto" or Veddas, who still live in the Central, Uva and North-Eastern parts of the island may be descendants of the Balangoda people.
The skeletal remains of dogs from Nilgala cave and from Bellanbandi Palassa, dating from the Mesolithic era, about 4500 BC, suggest that Balangoda People may have kept domestic dogs for driving game. The Sinhala Hound is similar in appearance to the Kadar Dog, the New Guinea Dog and the Dingo. It has been suggested that these could all derive from a common domestic stock. It is also possible that they may have domesticated jungle fowl, pig, water buffalo and some form of Bos (possibly the ancestor of the Sri Lankan neat cattle which became extinct in the 1940s).
The Balangoda Man appears to have been responsible for creating Horton Plains, in the central hills, by burning the trees in order to catch game. However, evidence from the plains suggests the incipient management of Oats and Barley by about 15,000 BC.
Mesolithic-Iron age transition.
The transition in Sri Lanka from the Mesolithic to the Iron Age has not been adequately documented. A human skeleton found at Godavaya in the Hambantota district, provisionally dated back to 3000 - 5000 BC was accompanied by tools of animal-bone and stone.
However, evidence from Horton Plains indicates the existence of agriculture by about 8000 BC, including herding of "Bos" and cultivation of oats and barley. Excavations in the cave of Dorawaka-kanda near Kegalle indicate the use about 4300 BC of pottery, together with stone stools, and possibly cereal cultivation.
Slag found at Mantai dated to about 1800 BC could indicate the knowledge of copper-working.
Cinnamon, which is native to Sri Lanka, was in use in Ancient Egypt in about 1500 BC, suggesting that there were trading links with the island. It is possible that Biblical Tarshish was located on the island (James Emerson Tennent identified it with Galle).
Early Iron age.
A large settlement appears to have been founded before 900 BC at the site of Anuradhapura where signs of an Iron Age culture have been found. The size of the settlement was about 15 hectares at that date, but it expanded to 50 ha, to 'town' size within a couple of centuries. A similar site has been discovered at Aligala in Sigiriya.
The earliest chronicles the Dipavamsa and Mahavamsa say that the island was inhabited by tribes of Yakkhas (demons), Nagas (cobras) and devas (gods). These may refer to totemist Iron Age autochthones.
Pottery dating back to 600 BC has been found at Anuradhapura, bearing Brāhmī script (among the earliest extant examples of the script) and non-Brahmi writing, which may have arisen through contact with Semitic trading scripts from West Asia.
The emergence of new forms of pottery at the same time as the writing, together with other artifacts such as red glass beads, indicate a new cultural impulse, possibly an invasion from North India. The Brahmi writing appears to be in Indo-Aryan Prakrit and is almost identical to the Asokan script some 200 years later; none appears to be in Dravidian - corroborating the view that Indo-Aryan was pre-dominant from at least as early as 500 BC in Sri Lanka. Following ancient ethnic groups are attested from the ancient cave inscriptions found from different regions of Sri Lanka.

</doc>
<doc id="18779632" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18779632" title="Conacher">
Conacher

Conacher is a surname of Scottish origin. The name refers to:

</doc>
<doc id="18779634" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18779634" title="Sourgou">
Sourgou

Sourgou is a town in the Sourgou Department of Boulkiemdé Province in central western Burkina Faso. It is the capital of the Sourgou Department and has a population of 2,211.

</doc>
<doc id="18779638" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18779638" title="1999 Special Olympics World Summer Games">
1999 Special Olympics World Summer Games

The 1999 Special Olympics World Summer Games were held in Raleigh, Durham, and Chapel Hill in North Carolina, United States between June 26 and July 4, 1999. The events in 19 sports were predominantly held on the campuses of North Carolina State University, the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill, and North Carolina Central University.

</doc>
<doc id="18779649" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18779649" title="New York State University Police">
New York State University Police

The New York State University Police (NYSUP) is the law enforcement agency of the State University of New York (SUNY) system. Approximately 600 uniformed officers and investigators, as well as sixty-four chiefs, serve the 28 state college and university campuses throughout the state.
State University Police Officers are charged with crime detection and prevention, in addition to the enforcement of state and local laws, rules, and regulations. As part of the unit's prevention activities, officers speak on topics such as sexual assault, drugs, crime prevention and traffic safety. Officers are responsible for developing and maintaining a positive relationship with students, faculty, and staff in order to ensure safety and facilitate cooperation within the campus community.
History.
The New York State University Police was formed in response to growing unrest in the SUNY system during the mid-1960s. Demonstrations and protests against the Vietnam War, the growing drug use, questioning authority and various political movements and demonstrations contributed to the formation of today's State University Police. Several incidents during the 1990s emphasized the need for a full service police agency. These included a hostage-taking in a SUNY Albany lecture hall by a deranged gunman, the "Bike Path Rapist" who killed a female student at the University at Buffalo and the suspicious circumstances regarding the disappearance of a SUNY Albany student while on campus. These and other incidents moved the Governor and Legislature to create the New York State University Police in 1999. Officers have the powers of arrest, issue uniform traffic tickets, and enforce New York State laws.
Operational overview.
Officers receive their official powers through Education Law and Criminal Procedure law. These authorize a State University Police Officer to make warrantless arrests based on probable cause, to use appropriate force in making an arrest, to issue uniform appearance tickets and traffic summons and to execute arrest and bench warrants. For minor offenses, officers can use discretion to refer students to the college judicial board instead of pursuing an arrest. Officers have the option of referring arrested students to the college judiciary system.
Officers are assigned to fixed or rotating shifts involving patrol assignments or dispatch/desk posts.
Unlike the New York State Park Police, each SUNY campus operates as its own police department. Despite claims that centralization would decrease costs and improve efficiency, the SUNY administration and state legislature have rejected centralization.
Pension system.
As of 2013, the SUNY police is the only state police agency that does not participate in the police and fireman's pension system. As the force did not exist when the pension system was established for the other groups, SUNY officers remain outside the system.
SUNY Police bill.
In 1999, the SUNY Police bill was signed. One clause requires each campus president to enter into a "mutual aid" agreement with adjoining police agencies. SUNY police support New York State troopers (together with town, city, and county police) during emergencies and calls for assistance.
Training.
While new trainees were once trained at the New York State Police Academy in Albany, New York, prospective officers are now trained at regional academies located in the area in which they are first stationed. The New York State Police Academy is used to train new police officers within the metropolitan area.
Training for new officers meets or exceeds the "New York State Department of Criminal Justice Standards for Police Officers". The "Police Officer Basic Course" includes training in:
After training each new officer completes a minimum twelve week on-the-job training supervised by a Field Training Officer from their respective campus.
Specialized units.
Depending on location and training, Officers can be selected for specialized units that allow the agency to better serve the community. Some of these units include:
The force includes a Criminal Investigations Unit, a "plainclothes" unit responsible for both criminal and non-criminal investigations. Criminal Investigators train in investigative topics, such as sexual assault, domestic violence, computer and "white-collar" crimes, homicide and evidence collection and preservation.
Recent developments.
In 2010, the Stony Brook force became the second in NYSUP to become an accredited law enforcement agency by the New York York state department of Criminal justice services. The accreditation shows that the department exceeds the standards required to be a law enforcement agency in the state of New York. Fewer than half of the law enforcement agencies in New York meet accreditation requirements.
NYSUP union President James McCartney testified in 2007 before the state Senate Higher Education Committee and, again in 2008, to the SUNY Board of Trustees. His testimony discussed what he claimed to be a dysfunctional, decentralized command system and ongoing staffing, equipment, and training deficiencies. McCartney also expressed concern about the "top-heavy" UPD Chief staff, noting its sixty-five management positions, compared to a combined total of twenty-four across other state law enforcement agencies.
Underreporting/misreporting.
A 2007 investigative audit by the New York State Comptroller found that the majority of SUNY campuses had, in violation of the Federal Clery Act, underreported crimes and failed to disclose required safety and security policies. Noncompliant stations included University at Albany, University at Buffalo, Binghamton University, Stony Brook University, SUNY Downstate Medical, SUNY Brockport, SUNY Buffalo State College, SUNY Fredonia, SUNY Geneseo, SUNY New Paltz, SUNY Old Westbury, SUNY Optometry, SUNY Oneonta, SUNY Oswego, SUNY Plattsburgh, SUNY Potsdam, SUNY Purchase, SUNY Alfred State, SUNY Canton, SUNY Cobleskill, SUNY Delhi, SUNY Environmental and Forestry (ESF), SUNY Farmingdale State College, SUNY Maritime, SUNY Morrisville and the SUNY Institute of Technology (SUNYIT).
Campuses found underreporting crime statistics included Binghamton University, University at Buffalo, Stony Brook University, SUNY Downstate Medical Center, SUNY Brockport, SUNY Buffalo State College, SUNY Fredonia, SUNY Geneseo, SUNY New Paltz, SUNY Old Westbury, SUNY Oneonta, SUNY Potsdam, SUNY Alfred State, SUNY Canton, SUNY Cobleskill, SUNY Delhi, SUNY Farmingdale State College, SUNY Maritime, and SUNY Institute of Technology (SUNYIT). The audit noted that SUNY Stony Brook did not report 48% of the index crimes that occurred at the University. In particular, several sexual assaults had been labeled "investigations" and were not disclosed to the community, as was required by law.
Following the arrest in 2009 of three SUNY Geneseo students in relation to the death of a nineteen year-old student, it was revealed that the New York State Inspector General was investigating the incident. Investigators appeared to be focusing the accuracy of crime reporting and on allegations that the police administration was not notifying neighboring agencies of students engaging in off-campus criminal activity.
The audit of SUNY compliance with the Clery act was appealed because of complaints that "accounting tricks" were used to find fault with Annual Security Reports (ASR) by the Office of the State Comptroller. After much discussion and negotiation, OSC issued a formal letter that stated that any discrepancies reported in an earlier audit had been corrected by SUNY, and that campuses were substantially in compliance.

</doc>
<doc id="18779656" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18779656" title="Ali Kazemaini">
Ali Kazemaini

Youth.
Born in Tehran, Iran, Kazemaini moved to the United States to attend Orange High School in Orange County, California. He graduated from Orange High School in 1980 and entered Cleveland State University that fall. While at Cleveland State, he played on both the school’s soccer and tennis teams. In June 1983, the U.S. government discovered that he had allowed his student visa to lapse in January 1979, thus placing him in the country illegally. He subsequently reapplied for a visa as well as U.S. citizenship. Kazemaini played for the Vikings from 1980 to 1983. He finished his career ranked fifth on the career goals list with 41, sixth in points with 102 and ninth in assists with 20. He was a second team All American in 1981 and 1983. In addition to soccer, Kazemaini played on the school's tennis team in 1982 and 1983.
Following his collegiate career, Kazemaini was selected for the 1984 U.S. Olympic soccer team. However, he had not yet received his citizenship before the games began and was dropped from the team.
Professional.
In 1983, Kazemaini was drafted by both the Cleveland Force of Major Indoor Soccer League and the San Diego Sockers of the North American Soccer League. He signed with the Force, earning Rookie of the Year honors for the 1984-1985 season. When the Force folded following the 1987-1988 season, he moved to the Tacoma Stars. At some point, he moved to the Baltimore Blast, playing for them during at least the 1991-1992 season. Both MISL and the Blast folded at the end of the season, and Kazemaini moved to the Canton Invaders of the National Professional Soccer League for the 1992-1993 season. He retired from playing professionally in 1993.
Coach.
In 1992, John Carroll University hired Kazemaini as head coach. Over fourteen seasons, his team won seven Ohio Athletic Conference regular season titles and four post-season tournament titles and compiled a 177-61-13 record. On December 15, 2005, Kazemaini moved to Cleveland State.
In 2005, Kazemaini coached the Cleveland Soccer Academy in the USL Super Y-League.

</doc>
<doc id="18779718" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18779718" title="Foley Hoag">
Foley Hoag

Foley Hoag LLP (formerly Foley, Hoag & Eliot LLP) is a law firm based in Boston, Massachusetts, with additional offices in Washington, D.C. and Paris, France, as well as an Emerging Enterprise Center in Waltham, Massachusetts. The firm represents public and private clients in a wide range of disputes and transactions worldwide. It offers regional, national and international legal services. Represented industries include life sciences and healthcare, technology, energy and renewables, investment management, and professional services. Foley Hoag also specializes in international litigation and arbitration, and corporate social responsibility services. 
History.
The firm was founded on April 1, 1943 when Henry Elliot Foley teamed with Garrett Scattergood Hoag. The two founders began their firm in a three-room office at 10 Post Office Square in Boston's Financial District.
The firm was involved in Boston's early civil rights struggle and the Boston busing crisis when it represented the plaintiffs in a 1970s lawsuit that brought desegregation to Boston Public Schools. This legal victory resulted in the firm establishing the Foley Hoag Foundation, which focuses on improving race relations in Boston. 
Foley Hoag is also involved in the Boston-area entrepreneurial community, providing counsel local technology startup companies. The firm moved its main office to its current location at World Trade Center West in South Boston in 2002. 
Foley Hoag opened its first office outside of Massachusetts in Washington, D.C. in 1985, focusing on international litigation and arbitration practices. The firm's corporate social responsibility, government strategies and healthcare practices are also based in D.C. In June 2011, the firm opened an office in Paris to serve overseas companies and sovereign states in international arbitration and litigation matters.
Practice areas.
Foley Hoag has industry-focused practices in energy and clean tech, life sciences, healthcare, investment management, professional services, sovereign states and technology.
The firm also has an international litigation and arbitration practice group which represents both corporations and foreign governments. In 2008 the firm successfully represented the government of Bolivia in a challenge to the nationalization of a telecom company.
Industry Recognition.
Some Foley Hoag attorneys appear annually in compendiums such as "Chambers USA", "Chambers Global" and "Best Lawyers". Several of its practices have also been noted in publications such as 
U.S. News & World Report and "Corporate Counsel"
The firm has also been listed in various business and legal industry rankings as a premiere workplace. In 2011 the Vault Guide to the Top 100 Law Firms ranked Foley Hoag fifth on its "national best places to work" list. And in 2012, the Vault placed Foley Hoag at #6 on its list of the "20 Best Law Firms To Work For In The Nation". In 2011 and 2012, the firm was recognized by the Boston Globe's "Top Places to Work" survey as a leading place of employment in Massachusetts. 

</doc>
<doc id="18779725" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18779725" title="Ștefănești, Argeș">
Ștefănești, Argeș

Ștefănești () is a town in Argeș County, Romania. The town administers seven villages: Enculești, Golești, Izvorani, Ștefăneștii Noi, Valea Mare-Podgoria, Viișoara and Zăvoi.

</doc>
<doc id="18779731" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18779731" title="Slănic-Moldova">
Slănic-Moldova

Slănic Moldova is a town and a spa resort in Bacău County, Romania. The town administers two villages, Cerdac and Cireșoaia.

</doc>
<doc id="18779747" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18779747" title="Heavenly Executioner Chiwoo">
Heavenly Executioner Chiwoo

Heavenly Executioner Chiwoo is a manhwa created by Park KangHo and Lee HaNa.
In the United States iceKunion originally licensed the series; Yen Press later took the license. In the U.S. Volume 1 was released in November 2005, Volume 2 in February 2006, Volume 3 in May 2006, Volume 4 in May 2008, and Volume 5 in September 2008. Volume 5 is the final volume, but it does not conclude the story line.
The series stars Chiwoo, who discovers that his father was a "mangnani", an executioner in ancient Korea. An emperor's army attempts to wipe out all "mangnanies". After Chiwoo sees Uncle Wolbak attacked by soldiers, Chiwoo becomes a "mangnani".

</doc>
<doc id="18779755" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18779755" title="Im Jyoung-Hwa">
Im Jyoung-Hwa

Im Jyoung-Hwa (born December 7, 1986 in Ulsan, Gyeongsangnam-do, South Korea) is a South Korean female weightlifter.
She won the silver medal at the 2005 Junior World Championships in the 58 kg category, lifting a total of 212 kg.
At the 2007 World Weightlifting Championships she ranked 8th in the 53 kg category.
She participated in the 2008 Olympic Games in Beijing, China, and finished in 4th place in the -48kg weightclass.

</doc>
<doc id="18779768" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18779768" title="Migliore (surname)">
Migliore (surname)

Migliore is a surname of Italian origin. The name refers to:

</doc>
<doc id="18779775" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18779775" title="1945 Chatham Cup">
1945 Chatham Cup

The 1945 Chatham Cup was the 18th nationwide knockout football competition in New Zealand, and the first such competition after a four-year gap caused by World War II. 
The competition was run on a regional basis, with regional associations each holding separate qualifying rounds. Teams taking part in the final rounds are known to have included Wellington Marist, St. Andrews (Manawatu), Western (Christchurch), and Mosgiel.
The 1945 final.
In the final, Jack Smith scored a hat-trick, including one goal from the penalty spot. Merv Gordon's own goal is the first to be definitively recorded as such in a Chatham Cup final, though some goals in earlier finals are regarded as own goals in some publications. The game is noted as an exciting one, especially the second half. The only goal of the first half came after 17 minutes from Marist's G. Irvine. The lead became 2-0 twenty minutes into the second half through Ray Price, only for Western to score twice, the second goal coming only one minute before the whistle. In extra time Gordon's own goal was nullified by an equaliser from Ray Dowker before Smith hit the winner from the penalty spot.

</doc>
<doc id="18779780" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18779780" title="Bucecea">
Bucecea

Bucecea is a town in Botoşani County, Romania. It administers two villages, Bohoghina and Călineşti.

</doc>
<doc id="18779789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18779789" title="Hall–Rabushka flat tax">
Hall–Rabushka flat tax

The Hall–Rabushka flat tax is a fully developed flat tax on consumption designed by American economists Robert Hall and Alvin Rabushka at the Hoover Institution. Loosely speaking, Hall–Rabushka accomplishes this by taxing income and then excluding investment. An individual could file a Hall–Rabushka tax return on a postcard. The Hall–Rabushka flat tax may include an exemption, which allows the tax to preserve progressivity.
In the United States, extensive tax reform has not taken place since the Tax Reform Act of 1986, and like other tax reform, the flat tax has not advanced far in the U.S. political process. However, Eastern Europe has enthusiastically embraced the flat tax after the fall of the Iron Curtain. Hall and Rubushka have consulted extensively in designing these flat taxes.

</doc>
<doc id="18779792" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18779792" title="George Karakunnel">
George Karakunnel

George Karakunnel is an Indian theologian. He is a Catholic priest of the Eparchy of Kothamangalam. He teaches systematic theology in St. Joseph's Pontifical Institute, Mangalapuzha, Aluva, Kerala, India. He has a Doctorate in theology from Gregorian University, Rome. He also has a Master's Degree in the Philosophy of Religions from the University of London. He is a member of the International Theological Commission in Vatican.
His major works are "The Christian Vision of Man",(Asian Trading Corporation, Banglore, 1984), "Advaita and Liberation", (Asian Trading Corporation, Banglore, 2004), "The anthropological foundations of christology in the pastoral constitution on the Church in the modern world "Gaudium et Spes"" (S.H. League, Aluva, 1984), "Sabha: Adisthanangalum Abhimukhyangalum ", "Sabhayum Suvisesha Dauthyavum", "Atmeeyanveshanangal", "Sabha: Danavum Dauthyavum" (S.H. League, Aluva, 2004). He has received the Bishop Jerome Award and KCBC Media Award. These books are available in International Library Catalogues.

</doc>
<doc id="18779794" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18779794" title="Cap height">
Cap height

In typography, cap height refers to the height of a capital letter above the baseline for a particular typeface. It specifically refers to the height of capital letters that are flat—such as H or I—as opposed to round letters such as O, or pointed letters like A, both of which may display overshoot. The height of the small letters is referred to as x-height.

</doc>
<doc id="18779799" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18779799" title="Darren Altree">
Darren Altree

Darren Anthony Altree (born 30 September 1974) is an English first class cricketer who played for Warwickshire County Cricket Club and Warwickshire Cricket Board, mainly as a left-arm fast bowler. 
He has played First class cricket for Warwickshire and List A cricket for Warwickshire Cricket Board. His highest score of 4 in first class cricket came when playing for Warwickshire in a match against Nottinghamshire. His best bowling in first class cricket of 3/41 came when playing for Warwickshire in a match against the Pakistanis.
In List A cricket, his highest score of 6 came when playing for the Warwickshire Cricket Board against Berkshire. 
He played 79 games for Warwickshire in the second XI competition. and 47 games for Warwickshire in the second XI cup competition.

</doc>
<doc id="18779800" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18779800" title="1988 World Junior Ice Hockey Championships">
1988 World Junior Ice Hockey Championships

The 1988 World Junior Ice Hockey Championships was the 12th edition of the World Junior Ice Hockey Championships and was held in Moscow, Soviet Union. Canada and the Soviet Union won the gold and silver medals respectively as the two nations redeemed themselves following their mutual disqualification in the 1987 tournament as a result of the Punch-up in Piestany. Finland won the bronze medal.
Final standings.
The 1988 tournament was a round-robin format, with the top three teams winning gold, silver and bronze medals respectively.
"Poland was relegated to Pool B for 1989."
Pool B.
Eight teams contested the second tier this year in Sapporo Japan from March 12 to 21. It was played in a simple round robin format, each team playing seven games.
"Norway was promoted to Pool A and Austria was relegated to Pool C for 1989."
Pool C.
Eight teams contested the third tier this year in Belluno and Feltre, Italy from March 18 to 27. It was played in a simple round robin format, each team playing seven games. The North Korean juniors debuted this year.
"Denmark was initially promoted to Pool B for 1989, however because they used an ineligble player, a challenge series with Italy was played the following December to determine promotion."

</doc>
<doc id="18779810" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18779810" title="Call Her Savage">
Call Her Savage

Call Her Savage (1932) is a Pre-Code drama film directed by John Francis Dillon and starring Clara Bow. The film was Bow's second-to-last film role.
The film was restored in 2012 by the Museum of Modern Art and premiered at the third annual Turner Classic Movies Film Festival in Hollywood.
Plot summary.
A wild young woman rebels against the man she believes to be her father.
Notes.
In a scene late in the film, Nasa and Jay Randall share the back seat of a taxi. He says to her, "Well, you said you wanted to go slumming, so I picked a place to eat in the Village. Only wild poets and anarchists eat there. It's pretty tough." After a further exchange of dialogue, the scene cuts to the place, a gay bar where two men in maid's uniforms and with feather dusters are singing a song. This scene was included in the documentary film "The Celluloid Closet" (1996).

</doc>
<doc id="18779823" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18779823" title="Miguel Company">
Miguel Company

Miguel Alejandro Company Chumpitazi (born January 12, 1945) is a Peruvian football coach, ex-football player (1965–1973), and sports reporter.
Playing career.
Company didn't have a great track record during his playing days. He did manage to play for notable teams such as Chiclayo based club Juan Aurich and José Gálvez FBC of Chimbote around the 1970s.
Managerial career.
In the early 1980s Company contributed to Peruvian magazine Ovación by interviewing football figures such as César Luis Menotti. Then in 1985 he would start his managerial career with Asociación Deportiva Tarma in the 1985 Torneo Descentralizado season. In his first two years as a manager he coached several clubs in a very short time such as Juventud La Joya, Colegio Nacional de Iquitos, Hungaritos Agustinos, and Unión Huaral.
Then in 1987 Company had his first experience in charge of a big Peruvian club, Sporting Cristal. Lasting only one year and a half, he was in charge of the "Celestes" for the 1987 Torneo Descentralizado which extended into early 1980 and left before the start of the 1988 Torneo Descentralizado. He did however manage to win his first trophy with Sporting Cristal in the 1988 Marlboro Cup tournament.
Company then went on to have a short spell with Alianza Lima in the 1989 Torneo Descentralizado. He helped the club to a strong start to the season but then later struggled in the second half. Then he was in charge of Sport Boys for 1990 Torneo Descentralizado and led the club to a Copa Libertadores groupstage place by winning the Liguilla Final. He left right after and came back for the 1991 season only to leave again a few months later.
Company then managed the Peruvian national team in two Copa America tournaments (1991 and 1995). In both editions of the Copa America, he could not lead Peru out of the first group stage. During the 1991 edition he had physical altercations with a journalist and later with his player, Andrés Gonzales, who refused to play against Paraguay. Gonzales was later banned from playing for Peru for two years.
He was also in charge of the Honduras national football team in 1997 and 1998, and the Cuba national football team from 2000 to 2004. In terms of national clubs, he led the Peruvian team Universitario de Deportes to a Torneo Apertura cup in 1999.

</doc>
