<doc id="18785212" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18785212" title="List of Charmed characters">
List of Charmed characters

Charmed is an American supernatural drama television series that was originally broadcast by The WB Television Network for eight seasons from October 7, 1998, until May 21, 2006. The series narrative follows three sisters, known as The Charmed Ones, the most powerful good witches of all time, whose prophesied destiny is to protect innocent lives from evil beings such as demons and warlocks. Each sister possesses unique magical powers that grow and evolve, while they attempt to maintain normal lives in modern day San Francisco. The main characters of the first three seasons were Prue (Shannen Doherty), Piper (Holly Marie Combs) and Phoebe Halliwell (Alyssa Milano). After Doherty departed from the series in 2001, resulting in her character's death, she was replaced by Rose McGowan as the long-lost fourth sister Paige Matthews.
Main characters.
Prue Halliwell.
Prudence Halliwell, portrayed by Shannen Doherty, is the eldest sister who has the power to move objects with her mind using telekinesis with a direct line of sight. As the series progresses, Prue channels her telekinetic powers through her hands, and also gains the power of astral projection, which allows her to be in two places at once. She sacrificed a majority of her childhood to help raise her two younger sisters Piper (Holly Marie Combs) and Phoebe (Alyssa Milano), after the death of their mother Patty (Finola Hughes) and the abandonment of their father Victor Bennett (James Read). This sense of responsibility occasionally leads to clashes with the more free-willed Phoebe, however, the two grow closer as the series progresses. Prue is the strongest of the Halliwell sisters as she usually takes charge of situations that involve demons and warlocks. In the season three finale, Prue is killed by Shax, a powerful demonic assassin sent by The Source (Michael Bailey Smith).
Piper Halliwell.
Piper Halliwell, portrayed by Holly Marie Combs, is the second eldest sister who has the power to freeze her surrounding environment. As the series progresses, she also gains the power to cause objects to spontaneously explode. Piper starts off as the middle sister, but later becomes the oldest after Prue (Shannen Doherty) dies. When "Charmed" first begins, Piper is shy and submissive, but gradually develops a much more assertive personality, especially after Prue's death. One of the reoccurring struggles for Piper is her attempt to maintain a normal life despite her destiny of defeating the forces of evil in San Francisco. In season three, she marries her whitelighter Leo Wyatt (Brian Krause), and as the series progresses, they have two children—Wyatt (born in season five) and Chris (born in season six).
Phoebe Halliwell.
Phoebe Halliwell, portrayed by Alyssa Milano, is the third eldest sister who has the power of premonition, which enables her to see into the past as well as the future. As the series progresses, she also gains the powers of levitation and empathy. Phoebe starts out as the youngest and most rebellious of the Halliwell sisters. Because of her free-spirited nature, she often comes into major conflicts with Prue (Shannen Doherty), but the two eventually mend their relationship. She later becomes the middle sister after Prue dies and the series introduces her younger half-sister Paige Matthews (Rose McGowan). One of the recurring struggles for Phoebe is her attempt to find a career and true love. Her longest on-screen relationship is with Cole Turner (Julian McMahon), a half-human and half-demon.
Paige Matthews.
Paige Matthews, portrayed by Rose McGowan, is the youngest half-sister who has the power to move objects with her mind by orbing objects from one location to another through a vocal command. Paige is ambitious, outspoken and stands firmly in what she believes in. She is the daughter of Patty (Finola Hughes) and her whitelighter Sam Wilder (Scott Jaeck), making her a half-witch and half-whitelighter. Paige was given up at birth to protect her from the wrath of The Elders if they were to discover her whitelighter heritage. She was unaware of her magical history until the funeral of Prue at the beginning of season four, in which she goes on to help reconstitute The Charmed Ones by assuming her place within "The Power of Three". As the series progresses, Paige also inherits a variety of whitelighter powers such as orbing, sensing, glamouring and healing. One of the reoccurring struggles for Paige is finding an identity for herself outside of her role as a Charmed One. In season eight, she marries parole officer Henry Mitchell (Ivan Sergei).
Supporting characters.
Darryl Morris.
Darryl Morris, portrayed by Dorian Gregory, is a lieutenant in the San Francisco Police Department. Darryl is introduced into season one as the partner of Andy Trudeau (Ted King). At first, Darryl is suspicious of the Halliwell sisters' recurring connection to mysterious murders and crimes. However, a few months after Andy's death, the sisters reveal to him that they are good witches trying to bring justice and protection to the world. Throughout the series, Darryl helps the sisters cover up unsolved cases related to demonic activity, grants them favors and gives them general support. After season seven, Darryl and his family move to the East Coast.
Andy Trudeau.
Andy Trudeau, portrayed by Ted King, is a detective for the San Francisco Police Department. He is introduced into season one as the Halliwell sisters' childhood friend and Prue's (Shannen Doherty) high school sweetheart and first love. Andy is coincidentally assigned to almost every police case that involve the sisters. He eventually discovers that they are witches and serves as the sisters' initial connection to the police force. He works with Darryl Morris (Dorian Gregory) as his partner, although he causes quite a bit of grief to Darryl by always being seemingly ahead of his partner. In the season one finale, Andy is killed by the demon Rodriguez (Carlos Gomez), who also happens to be one of the Internal Affairs officers that is investigating Andy's unsolved cases.
Leo Wyatt.
Leo Wyatt, portrayed by Brian Krause, is the Charmed Ones' whitelighter who has the powers to orb, heal, sense, levitate, glamour and hover. Leo is introduced into season one as the Halliwell sisters' handyman who is hired to fix up their house, but they later discover that he is their whitelighter. Leo's whitelighter duties often causes problems for his marriage to Piper (Holly Marie Combs) and their family. Their relationship is the first of many conflicts between the Halliwells and The Elders.
Dan Gordon.
Dan Gordon, portrayed by Greg Vaughan, is a neighbor of the Halliwell sisters in the second season. In the first episode of the season, Dan moves into the house next-door with his niece, Jenny (Karis Paige Bryant). Dan and Piper (Holly Marie Combs) start dating after Piper and Leo (Brian Krause) split up due to the strenuous nature his whitelighter duties place on their relationship. While dating Piper, Dan notices the oddity of the sisters' lives and often suspects that they were hiding something. Piper's sudden unexplained disappearances and avoidance of his questions drives Dan crazy and makes him feel insecure in their relationship.
Piper later breaks up with Dan and reconciles with Leo. Dan becomes very suspicious of Leo and asks his brother-in-law who works for the State Department to check out Leo's army records. When his brother-in-law discovers that Leo was a soldier in World War II and died in the war, Dan presents the information to Piper and is devastated to found out she knew it all along. In the second season finale, Dan learns the truth about Piper and her sisters, after a wish granted by a Genie (French Stewart) from Piper that Dan could "move on" with his life, turns him into an old man. Piper is heartbroken when Dan tells her that he wished he never found out because it freaks him out. In order to help ease Dan's mind, Piper wishes for the genie to make him forget about learning the truth and for him to truly move on with his life, which leads to Dan moving to Portland to take a job offer.
Jenny Gordon.
Jenny Gordon, portrayed by Karis Paige Bryant, is Dan Gordon's (Greg Vaughan) niece who temporarily moves in with him for school because her parents are in Saudi Arabia on business. Whilst living with her uncle, Jenny forms a bond with the Halliwell sisters and often turns to them for advice on female issues that she is not comfortable talking to her uncle about. Midway through season two, Jenny moves back with her parents when they return to the United States.
Cole Turner.
Cole Turner, portrayed by Julian McMahon, is a half-human and half-demon by blood, and better known to the supernatural world as the demonic assassin, Belthazor. Cole has the powers to teleport and throw projective energy balls which could stun or kill. He is introduced into season three as an Assistant District Attorney sent by The Triad to kill The Charmed Ones, but instead falls in love with Phoebe (Alyssa Milano). Though Cole eventually completely rids himself of his demonic nature and marries Phoebe in season four, he later returns to evil after he unwillingly becomes the new Source of All Evil. This causes the sisters to kill him towards the end of season four. However, in season five Cole escapes The Wasteland, due to him stealing vast amounts of powers off other dead demons, and forces himself into the sisters' lives again. Cole never regains their trust and although he attempts to dedicate his new life to being good, his bewildering love for Phoebe and her rejection of his love, drives him to the point of insanity, which again results in his demise.
Chris Halliwell.
Christopher Halliwell, portrayed by Drew Fuller, is the second eldest son of Leo (Brian Krause) and Piper (Holly Marie Combs), making him a half-witch and half-whitelighter. Chris is introduced into the season five finale as a whitelighter from the future who helps assist the sisters against magical beings known as The Titans. While he successfully gains The Charmed Ones' trust, Leo remains initially suspicious. In season six, Chris reveals that he is Leo and Piper's son and that he traveled back in time to prevent his older brother Wyatt (Jason and Kristopher Simmons) from growing up to be the evil dictator he becomes in the future. In order for this to happen, Chris set up a scheme where most of The Elders would die so that Leo could become an Elder and he could become The Charmed Ones' new whitelighter, allowing him to get close enough to Wyatt to protect him. In the season six finale, adult Chris is killed by an Elder named Gideon (Gildart Jackson) and baby Chris is born.
Billie Jenkins.
Billie Jenkins, portrayed by Kaley Cuoco, is a witch who has the power to move objects with her mind using telekinesis. Billie is introduced into season eight as a young college student and a new charge for Paige (Rose McGowan). While the Halliwell sisters assume new identities during the first few episodes of the season, she keeps their secret and did some of their magical legwork for them. Billie becomes obsessed with finding her long-lost older sister Christy (Marnette Patterson), who was kidnapped 15 years earlier by The Triad. Billie is eventually reunited with her sister, but does not know that she has been turned evil under the influence of demons. After Christy briefly sways her to betray The Charmed Ones, Billie eventually sides with them in the series finale and is forced to kill her sister in self-defense.
Recurring characters.
Victor Bennett.
Victor Bennett, played by Anthony Denison (season one) and James Read (seasons three to eight), made his first appearance during the season one episode "Thank You for Not Morphing". He is the ex-husband of Patty Halliwell (Finola Hughes) and the father of Prue (Shannen Doherty), Piper (Holly Marie Combs) and Phoebe (Alyssa Milano). After his divorce to Patty and her death, Victor left his daughters to be raised by their grandmother, Penny Halliwell (Jennifer Rhodes) after constantly fighting with her about how to raise the girls. Victor reappears in his daughters' lives after they become witches and restores the relationship with his daughters.
In 1998, Victor appears in San Francisco not long after his daughters find out they are witches. Prue is suspicious of him, but Piper and Phoebe are more open to seeing him. Victor admits he wanted to take the Book of Shadows in order to protect his daughters. He leaves them without a proper goodbye, instead leaving a home Christmas movie of the girls when they were younger. Three years later, Victor comes to San Francisco for a job interview. While in town, he assists his daughters in helping capture the demon children and bring them to the Ice Cream Man's truck. Victor has an immediate distrust of Piper's fiancée Leo Wyatt (Brian Krause), once he finds out he is a whitelighter, as he believes that Patty's affair with her whitelighter Sam Wilder (Scott Jaeck) was one of the contributing factors to the end of their marriage. Victor eventually accepts Leo and Piper's relationship. Later in 2001, Victor returns for Prue's funeral. In 2002, he visits his daughters and introduces them to his new wife Doris Bennett (Cheryl Ladd), whom he met on a singles' cruise. Victor does not know that Doris is a demon and that she only married him so she could get closer to his daughters and steal Piper's baby, Wyatt. Doris stabs Victor in the abdomen, nearly killing him, before attempting to steal Wyatt. However, she is eventually vanquished.
In 2004, Victor meets Piper's second son Chris (Drew Fuller), who came from the future to save Wyatt from becoming evil. To Victor's surprise, Chris is excited to see him and he tells Victor that they have a very close relationship in the future. Later in 2004, Victor brings baby Chris back home after Wyatt orbed him to Victor's place, due to the two brothers having a sibling rivalry. When a temporarily resurrected Penny casts a spell that accidentally transfers Wyatt and Chris' rivalry into the sisters, Victor and Penny summon Patty to work out their issues. Patty and Victor ruminate on what kind of parents they would have been if they stayed married, and Patty lived to see the girls as teenagers. In 2005, when the sisters prepare to fight the demon Zankou, they leave Wyatt, Chris and the deeds to the manor and Piper's nightclub P3 with Victor, making him their official guardian in case they do not survive. After the sisters' temporarily fake their deaths, Victor still maintains his role as the boys' guardian. Wyatt and Chris later return to Piper after the sisters come out of hiding. In 2006, Piper leaves her sons with Victor again for protection, when the sisters prepare for a battle with Billie (Kaley Cuoco) and Christy Jenkins (Marnette Patterson).
Barbas.
Barbas (also known as the Demon of Fear), played by Billy Drago, made his first appearance during the season one episode "From Fear to Eternity". He has the ability to sense a person's greatest fear and uses it against them. Originally, Barbas could only appear on Earth for 24 hours once every 1300 years, on Friday the 13th. If he could kill 13 unmarried witches before midnight, then he would be able break free of The Underworld and walk the Earth for eternity. This later changed, as Barbas started appearing much more frequently in "Charmed". The Charmed Ones have vanquished him four times throughout the course of series, all by overcoming their greatest fears and using spells and potions. However, Barbas has always found a way to come back and escape from purgatory. He is finally vanquished in the season seven episode "A Call to Arms".
Patty Halliwell.
Patty Halliwell, played by Finola Hughes, made her first appearance during the season one episode "From Fear to Eternity". She is the mother of Prue (Shannen Doherty), Piper (Holly Marie Combs), Phoebe (Alyssa Milano), and Paige (Rose McGowan). Patty was married to Victor Bennett, which resulted in the three Halliwell daughters and then had a post-martial affair with her whitelighter Sam Wilder (Scott Jaeck), which resulted in her fourth daughter Paige. Patty kept her fourth pregnancy a secret because The Elders would not approve; Patty and Sam gave the baby up for adoption (resulting in the Matthews last name) shortly after she gave birth. Patty was killed by a water demon on February 28, 1978, but her spirit occasionally visits her children. Like Piper, Patty had the power to freeze time, and she was briefly able to have premonitions while carrying Phoebe.
Penny Halliwell.
Penny Halliwell (also known to her family as Grams), played by Jennifer Rhodes, made her first appearance during the season one episode "Is There a Woogy in the House?". She is the mother of Patty Halliwell (Finola Hughes) and the grandmother of Prue (Shannen Doherty), Piper (Holly Marie Combs), Phoebe (Alyssa Milano), and Paige (Rose McGowan). A powerful and no-nonsense woman, Penny possesses the power of telekinesis and the skill with it to deflect or reflect many spells or powers used by evil adversaries. She also added many potions and spells to the Book of Shadows. After Patty died, Penny raised Prue, Piper and Phoebe on her own. She died of a heart attack six months before the events of the first season, but has appeared several times in the series as a spirit.
Jack Sheridan.
Jack Sheridan, played by Lochlyn Munro, made his first appearance during the season two episode "That Old Black Magic". He was originally an Internet auctioneer. In "That Old Black Magic", when Prue (Shannen Doherty) was doing a live appraisal for an exquisite wand, Jack walks in and boldly offers to guarantee the owner Betty (Pamela Kosh) $1,000 in cash on the spot. The wand belonged to Tuatha (Brigid Brannagh), a powerful evil witch from the 18th century. After Tuatha's defeat, Prue meets Jack at P3 and gives the wand back to him, who notes the broken crystal and its reduced value, but buys Prue a drink to show no hard feelings. In "They're Everywhere", Jack convinces his twin brother Jeff Sheridan (Lochlyn Munro) to help check out Prue because he likes her. Prue tells Piper (Holly Marie Combs) that Jack might be a warlock after she sees one of the Sheridans in front of her at the coffee pot, and the other reading a magazine at the newsstand. Prue and Piper then cast a spell to hear his private thoughts. When both Sheridans appear in Prue's office, Jack tells her that Jeff is his twin brother.
In "P3 H2O", Jack accepts a job at Bucklands Auction House and helps Prue close a sale with Japanese client Mr. Fujimoto, while she was out demon hunting at a campsite. When Prue returns to her office, she is surprised to find out that Jack listed her as the sales agent. She then offers Jack dinner as a thank you. In "Ms. Hellfire", the new boss of Bucklands, Mr. Cauldwell, partners Prue with Jack and orders each partnership to raise $100,000 worth of merchandise. When Prue does not come into the office to help Jack, he goes to the manor and demands to know where she has been. Prue tells him that she raised $275,000 from an anonymous estate and they go celebrate. In "Heartbreak City", Jack and Prue go on a date with Piper and Dan Gordon (Greg Vaughan) to see the movie "Love Story". They later go on another date at P3, where the demon of hate, Drazi (Clayton Rohner), uses Cupid's (Michael Reilly Burke) ring to make Jack believe that Prue is using him. This causes them to have a fight. Prue and Jack later reconcile and go on another date with Piper and Dan to see "The Dirty Dozen".
In "Reckless Abandon", Jack and Prue's presentation at work won them a trip to New York for a conference. However, Prue backs out when a magical emergency intervenes and Jack decides to not go as well. In "Awakened", Prue breaks up with Jack after she resigns from Bucklands.
Belthazor.
Belthazor, played by Michael Bailey Smith, is a red-and-black-skinned demon who made his first appearance during the season three episode "Once Upon a Time". He is the demonic form of Cole Turner (Julian McMahon), a half-human and half-demon who was hired by The Triad to kill The Charmed Ones. In the season four episode "Black as Cole", Phoebe (Alyssa Milano) throws a potion at Belthazor, which kills him and only leaves his human half Cole alive.
The Source.
The Source, originally played by Michael Bailey Smith, made his first appearance in the season three episode "All Hell Breaks Loose". Bennet Guillory took over the role in the season four episodes "Charmed Again (Part 1)", Charmed Again (Part 2)" and "Brain Drain". Peter Woodward replaced Guillory in the season four episode "Charmed and Dangerous" and the season eight episode "Desperate Housewitches". The Source was the ruler of The Underworld for centuries, until he was vanquished by The Charmed Ones in 2002. He briefly returned in 2005 after a Possessor Demon (Elizabeth Greer) used Wyatt (Jason and Kristopher Simmons) in helping her resurrect The Source. However, as The Source was bound to the Possessor Demon through the magic used to resurrect him, he was once again vanquished when Piper (Holly Marie Combs) blew up the Possessor Demon.
Bob Cowan.
Bob Cowan, played by David Reivers, made his first appearance during the first episode of season four, "Charmed Again (Part 1)". He is Paige's (Rose McGowan) boss at South Bay Social Services. In "Charmed Again (Part 1)", Bob asks Paige for information but she does not pay attention to him because she was reading a newspaper article about Prue's (Shannen Doherty) death. Paige then heads out to attend Prue's funeral while Bob calls out her name several times and asks her where she is going. In the episode "Charmed Again (Part 2)", Bob assigns Paige to a case involving Jake (Benjamin Parrillo) and Carol Grisanti (Kim Little), who were both under investigation by Social Services for physically abusing their son. In the third episode of season four, "Hell Hath No Fury", Bob approaches Paige, who is talking to Piper (Holly Marie Combs), at her desk and notices she is not working. Bob then asks Piper who she is and Piper replies that she is Paige's sister.
In the season four episode "A Knight to Remember", Bob demands to know what is going on when Paige locks herself in the photocopier room with The Prince (Charlie Weber) from her fairytale. She passes The Prince off as a performer in the Renaissance Fair and the two leave. At the end of the day, The Evil Enchantress (Paige's past life) from her fairytale arrives at South Bay Social Services looking for The Prince and Bob sees her. He assumes Paige is in the Renaissance Fair as well and tells her to lockup before she leaves. In the season four episode "Lost and Bound", a young boy named Tyler Michaels (Alex Black) arrives at South Bay Social Services and Bob tells Paige that the police brought him in because they found him sleeping in an alley. When Bob asks Tyler for his phone number so he can ring his parents to let them know his okay, Tyler gets angry and sets fire to a wastebasket by using his powers.
In the season four episode "The Three Faces of Phoebe", Bob offers Paige a promotion to become a full-fledged social worker for having helped a client named Carolyn Seldon (Camilla Rantsen) with getting her son back from her abusive ex-husband. In the process, Bob passed over Scott (Christian Keiber), a more experienced assistant, with the offer. Paige turns down the offer because she used magic to help Carolyn. During the first episode of season five, "A Witch's Tail (Part 1)", Bob tells Paige that she has been promoted to social worker and that it means she has to arrive at work on time. In "A Witch's Tail (Part 2)", Paige quits her job at South Bay Social Services and Bob tells her that she has got a real gift at helping people.
Elise Rothman.
Elise Rothman, played by Rebecca Balding, made her first appearance during the season four episode "The Fifth Halliwheel". She is the editor and boss of "The Bay Mirror", where Phoebe (Alyssa Milano) works as an advice columnist. When Elise first appears in "Charmed", her advice columnist is Karen Young (Molly Hagan). At the time, Karen was infected by a demonic power, which made her hate Elise and want to kill her. Phoebe then took over for Karen and did her column. Afterwards, Karen tells Elise the truth about the column; Elise fires her and hires Phoebe in her place. The two start off with a professional, work relationship, often having verbal disputes about deadlines and what not. As the series progresses, they develop a unique bond as friends. When The Charmed Ones fake their deaths in the beginning of season eight, Elise openly admits that Phoebe is her best friend and considers her as the daughter she never had.
Sheila Morris.
Sheila Morris, played by Sandra Prosper, made her first appearance during the season five episode "Centennial Charmed". She is the wife of Darryl Morris. In "Centennial Charmed", the Halliwell sisters meet Sheila for the first time at Piper's (Holly Marie Combs) club P3, where together they celebrate Darryl's promotion to lieutenant. In the season five episode "Oh My Goddess (Part 1)", it is revealed that Darryl told Sheila about the sisters being witches and she is able to cope with and understand it. Sheila eventually becomes frustrated when the sisters keep putting Darryl's life and career in danger by covering for them, and she demands that he stops helping them. At the end of season seven, Sheila and Darryl move to the East Coast with their children.
Sophie.
Sophie, played by Amanda Sickler, made her first appearance during the season five episode "Sand Francisco Dreamin'". She is Phoebe's (Alyssa Milano) friend and assistant at "The Bay Mirror", and appears until the final season. When The Charmed Ones fake their deaths in the beginning of season eight, Sophie reveals the sincerity of her friendship with Phoebe while eulogizing her.
Wyatt Halliwell.
Wyatt Matthew Halliwell is the first child of Piper (Holly Marie Combs) and Leo (Brian Krause), who made his first appearance during the season five episode "The Day the Magic Died". At first, Wyatt is played by an unknown and uncredited baby. Starting in the season five episode "Necromancing the Stone", infant Wyatt is played by twins Jason and Kristopher Simmons until the series finale "Forever Charmed". In two episodes, young, pre-teen Wyatt is played by two other actors: Ryan Bradford Hanson in the season seven episode "Witchness Protection", and Tanner Fox in "Forever Charmed". As an adult, in flashforward and in time travel stories, Wyatt is played by Wes Ramsey.
Wyatt is the prophesied twice-blessed child, a being of unimaginable power. He is the first born of a Charmed One and the first male witch in his family. Wyatt has the known powers of force fields, orbing, telekinesis, telekinetic-orbing, projection and healing. While he was still in utero, Wyatt was powerful enough to use his powers which made Piper virtually invincible during her pregnancy. He also taught his soon-to-be parents life lessons by having them "walk a mile in each other's shoes" to stop their constant bickering.
In season five, demons such as the Hawker Demon (Jack McGee), Parasites (Andy Mackenzie and Nicholas Sadler), and The Crone (Grace Zabriskie) attempt to kidnap Wyatt. The Crone succeeds in getting Wyatt and sees a glimpse of his future, warning of a great power yet to come. She is eventually vanquished by The Charmed Ones. Wyatt's great-grandmother Penny (Jennifer Rhodes) is summoned from the afterlife for his wiccaning; she is astonished to discover that he is a boy as males have never been born into the Warren/Halliwell family. However, Penny eventually gets over her bitterness towards men, accepts Wyatt into the family and performs his wiccaning. In season six, Wyatt is temporarily erased from existence by The Cleaners (Kirk B. R. Woller and Darin Cooper), when he exposes magic to the world by conjuring a massive dragon out of the television and letting it loose in San Francisco. However, The Cleaners stop their quest to take Wyatt after the sisters threaten to keep exposing magic. It is later revealed that Wyatt is the heir of King Arthur and is destined to wield the sword Excalibur. However, Piper keeps the sword tucked away in the attic until Wyatt turns 18. Piper and Leo's second son from the future, Chris (Drew Fuller), comes back to prevent Wyatt from turning evil. They eventually discover that the elder Gideon (Gildart Jackson) is out to eliminate Wyatt, believing that it was too great of a risk to keep him alive. Leo later kills Gideon.
In season seven, Wyatt uses his healing powers to save Piper from a deadly coma. Piper is called to Wyatt's pre-school when he begins talking to himself; in reality, Wyatt is talking to the demon Vicus (Marcus Chait), who is trying to gain Wyatt's trust in order to turn him evil. Piper summons adult Wyatt from the future to get questions, and he turns evil before their eyes. Leo is able to regain Wyatt's trust and the spell is reversed. When the sisters prepare to fight the demon Zankou, they leave Wyatt and Chris in the care of their grandfather Victor, in case they do not survive. In season eight, after the sisters and Leo use magical disguises to hideout due to their fake deaths, Piper and Leo regain custody of Wyatt and Chris. During the events of The Charmed Ones' final destined battle, Wyatt is kidnapped by the demon Dumain (Anthony Cistaro), who had Billie (Kaley Cuoco) and Christy Jenkins (Marnette Patterson) steal infant Wyatt's powers to unleash The Hollow, causing his powers to be stripped in the future. Adult Wyatt and Chris then return from the future to figure out what happened. After his powers are restored, adult Wyatt and Chris return to the future. In the flash forward montages to the future, Wyatt and Chris are seen preparing a potion together.
Jason Dean.
Jason Dean, played by Eric Dane, made his first appearance during the season five episode "Baby's First Demon". Jason is introduced into season five as a multi-millionaire and the new owner of "The Bay Mirror", where Phoebe (Alyssa Milano) works. Phoebe is instantly attracted to him when they first see each other. Jason gets her to write an article about finding love over the internet and she meets a user online named "Cyrano73". Phoebe later meets "Cyrano73" in person and it turns out to be Jason. Jason eventually starts dating Phoebe and they continue dating in season six, where their relationship become more serious. Jason moves to Hong Kong for business and Phoebe goes with him. After 15 months of dating, Jason discovers Phoebe's secret identity as a witch by accident and, unable to handle the revelation, breaks up with her.
Inspector Sheridan.
Inspector Sheridan, played by Jenya Lano, made her first appearance during the season six episode "Crimes and Witch Demeanors". She is an inspector for the San Francisco Police Department. In season six, Sheridan gets possessed by a Phantasm, as part of the demon Barbas' (Billy Drago) scheme to escape from purgatory. Sheridan then films Phoebe (Alyssa Milano) and Paige (Rose McGowan) using magic, which leads to The Cleaners (Kirk B. R. Woller and Darin Cooper) altering history and framing Darryl (Dorian Gregory) for murder. Leo (Brian Krause) and Chris (Drew Fuller) later find out Sheridan is possessed and bring her before The Tribunal, after which her memories is erased. She later starts investigating Chris' disappearance after he escapes from jail, but stops after seeing him die in the Halliwell manor. In season seven, Sheridan becomes suspicious about Chris' disappearance again and she asks Phoebe to come to the police station to answer a few questions about him. When Phoebe does not turn up, Sheridan goes to the manor to arrest her, but Leo blasts Sheridan into a wall. When Sheridan wakes up, she does not remember being attacked.
Sheridan continues investigating the Halliwell sisters, including staking out the manor along with a reluctant Darryl. She eventually starts working with Federal Agent Kyle Brody (Kerr Smith), who shares her suspicions. However, when they catch the sisters using magic, Kyle shoots Sheridan with a tranquilizer dart and promises to keep the sisters' secret in exchange for their help. It is later revealed that Kyle had Sheridan placed in a mental institution, where she was kept in a comatose state in a secret room. Sheridan loses her memories and the sisters be even more careful around her as they do not want to trigger her lost memories. Sheridan eventually begins pursuing leads against the sisters again, after her suspicions rekindle and she recovers some of her memory. When Homeland Security arrive in San Francisco to investigate the sisters, Sheridan helps them with the investigation and breaks into the manor with a hidden camera. When she enters the attic, Sheridan is confronted by the demon Zankou (Oded Fehr), who kills her with an energy ball.
Kyle Brody.
Kyle Brody, played by Kerr Smith, made his first appearance during the season seven episode "Charrrmed!". He works as a federal agent for Homeland Security. Kyle first appears in San Francisco to help Darryl Morris (Dorian Gregory) and Inspector Sheridan (Jenya Lano) with a case involving the Halliwell sisters. He reveals that he knows the sisters are witches. When they catch the sisters using magic, Kyle shoots Inspector Sheridan with a tranquilizer dart and allows the sisters to escape. He helps cover for Piper (Holly Marie Combs), who was recruited by the Angel of Death (Simon Templeman), by telling the press that he faked her death for a top secret mission. Kyle finds out about Paige's (Rose McGowan) powers not long after, due to her accidentally orbing out of his apartment. He tells Paige that he does not want to expose them or hurt them, and that he just needs their help to find out who killed his parents.
Kyle investigates several accidents where people manage to survive their homes burning to the ground, only to be killed shortly after. His research led to him finding out that a celerity demon named Sarpedon (Neil Hopkins) was capturing guardian angels and using them to guide and guard him in his hope of becoming indestructible to The Avatars. Kyle and Paige planned to have his guardian angel be a target of Sarpedon, but instead, Sarpedon goes for Paige's. Afterwards, Kyle is captured by Sarpedon and held in his lair, only to be saved by Paige later on. After a Gnome (Michael Lee Gogin) was murdered at Magic School, Paige enlists Kyle's help to find out who killed him. When Kyle opens a novel called "Crossed, Double-Crossed", he found near the Gnome's body, he and Paige get sucked into the book's film noir black-and-white setting. They are later transported out of the book and start dating.
Kyle believes that The Avatars were responsible for his parents death. After he nearly kills Leo (Brian Krause) for being an avatar, Phoebe (Alyssa Milano) suggests that Kyle goes back in time with Paige to find out what really happened to his parents the night they died. Kyle and Paige meet his mother Ruth Brody (Jessica Steen) and father Jack Brody (Jon Hamm), as well as Kyle's past self. When Ruth and Jack arrive at a warehouse near JFK to inspect some ancient artifacts (that are actually vanquishing potions for avatars), Kyle sees it was celerity demons that killed his parents. Although it was proven that The Avatars did not kill his parents, Kyle remains unconvinced of their motives and consequently forms an alliance with the demon Zankou (Oded Fehr), because they both want to keep things as they are and to not create Utopia. Although Kyle is reluctant to the idea, Zankou kills the celerity demons who murdered his parents. Kyle gets killed while taking out the avatar Beta (Patrice Fisher). After his death, The Elders turned him into a whitelighter because they thought he done enough good in his life.
Zankou.
Zankou, played by Oded Fehr, made his first appearance during the season seven episode "Witchness Protection". He is a powerful upper-level demon who got released from his prison by a group of demons who believe he is the only one who could prevent the impending attack of The Avatars. Zankou helps The Charmed Ones in their fight with The Avatars along with Leo Wyatt (Brian Krause) and Kyle Brody (Kerr Smith), after realizing that The Avatars' Utopia threatens the survival of demonic existence, as well as the free will of all others. When the threat of The Avatars passes, Zankou begins to mobilize The Underworld in hopes of controlling it. After several attempts, he manages to steal the Book of Shadows and tries to control the Nexus. Zankou gets vanquished when he absorbs the Nexus into his body and The Charmed Ones cast a banishing spell to destroy it.
Henry Mitchell.
Henry Mitchell, portrayed by Ivan Sergei, was Paige's husband (married in 2006), and a parole officer. He knows she's a witch and at first was confused as to why Paige didn't use her witchly powers to end world hunger and other things. He later grew to understand how the battle between good and evil works and had no problem with Paige being a witch but often refused to hide when there was a demon attack. He and Paige first met in "Battle of the Hexes", where Henry was parole officer to Paige's new charge. While at first they didn't really like each other, their relationship grew over time. They had twin girls and a son named Henry Mitchell Jr.
Dex Lawson.
Dex Lawson, portrayed by Jason Lewis, was an artist who apparently has an interest in Phoebe in the beginning of season eight, after finding out that she was dead. Phoebe surprisingly has a premonition that they are going to get married. After an overnight trip with him, they get married, but only under the influence of a spell. She has no other choice but to tell him the truth: that she is a witch. She predicted that he was going to be her child's father and later on takes a pregnancy test believing she is pregnant. Her second test proved it was false. With that, she told Dex to annul the marriage and to take things slower. However, they never resume their relationship.
Christy Jenkins.
Christy Jenkins, portrayed by Marne Patterson, was the tragic older sister of The Charmed Ones' protégé Billie Jenkins who was kidnapped by evil demons when she was seven and Billie was five years old. Christy's abduction was engineered because the Scabber demonsas part of a demonic prophecy of a means to destroy The Charmed Ones. Ironically, the sisters become the tutors and protectors of the younger sister, while she works to find and free her older sibling from the forces of evil twisting and shaping the older Christy. As season eight's ratings fell off for the network as a whole, the decision to end the series came to be embedded in the writing with Christy as the vehicle triggering a final battle which would allow Piper to regain Leo.
Coop.
Coop, played by Victor Webster, made his first appearance during the season eight episode "Engaged and Confused". He is a cupid, a magical being associated with love. Coop was sent by The Elders to help Phoebe (Alyssa Milano) repair her love life, after she had given it up so many times for the greater good. Overtime, the two begin to develop feelings for each other. Coop falls for Phoebe first, but continues setting her up with other men to make her happy. However, Phoebe rejects all of Coop's matches as she was falling in love with him too. Knowing that it was forbidden for cupids to date or marry their charges, Phoebe and Coop hide their feelings from each other to save themselves from the trauma that Piper (Holly Marie Combs) and Leo (Brian Krause) went through. However, during the series finale, adult Wyatt (Wes Ramsey) and Chris (Drew Fuller) from the future reveal that The Elders made an exception for Phoebe and Coop due to everything they put her through over the years. Also during the finale, an epilogue depicts Phoebe and Coop's wedding and the three daughters they eventually have.

</doc>
<doc id="18785216" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18785216" title="Ikuji Station">
Ikuji Station


</doc>
<doc id="18785224" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18785224" title="Rugby union in Saint Barthélemy">
Rugby union in Saint Barthélemy

Rugby union in Saint Barthélemy is a minor, but growing sport.
Governing body.
The governing body is the French Rugby Federation.
History.
Rugby was introduced to Saint Barthélemy by the French who colonised the area. More talented players tend to leave for Metropolitan France.
There have been occasional games against sides from the other Caribbean islands. Most of its rugby contacts are either with them, or with France itself.
One of the major teams on the island is "Les Barracudas", named after a ferocious fish of the Caribbean. They often play teams from Anguilla and other surrounding islands.

</doc>
<doc id="18785230" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18785230" title="Lorne Elliott">
Lorne Elliott

Lorne Elliott is a Canadian comedian, musician, and award-winning playwright.
Elliott first began performing in 1974, as a folk musician, under his full name of Chris Lorne Elliott; he later truncated his name so as to avoid being confused with Chris Elliott. He soon teamed up with Kevin Blackmore (a.k.a. "Buddy Wasisname") to establish the comedic musical duo Free Beer (1979–1982), but he is best known for his 11 years as host of the CBC Radio program "Madly Off in All Directions".
The "Montreal Mirror" has described him as a "national treasure".

</doc>
<doc id="18785242" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18785242" title="Nishi-Nyūzen Station">
Nishi-Nyūzen Station


</doc>
<doc id="18785253" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18785253" title="Pavel Mif">
Pavel Mif

Pavel Mif was the pseudonym of Mikhail Alexandrovich Fortus (born August 3, 1901 in Khersones Gubernia of Russian Empire - 10 September 1939), Russian Bolshevik Party member from May 1917, historian with a Doctor's degree in economics (1935), participant of Russian civil war (1918–20), a student at Yakov Sverdlov Communist University (1920–21), did communist party work in Ukraine (1923–25), prorector of Sun Yat-sen Communist university of the Toilers of China (Moscow) under Karl Radek from 1925, rector of the same institution after 1927, member of the Executive Council of Comintern concurrently, participant of the 5th (1927), 6th (1928) Congresses of the Communist Party of China and the 4th Plenary meeting of its Central Committee (1931).

</doc>
<doc id="18785257" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18785257" title="Show Boat (novel)">
Show Boat (novel)

Show Boat is a 1926 novel by American author and dramatist Edna Ferber. It chronicles the lives of three generations of performers on the "Cotton Blossom", a floating theater that travels between small towns on the banks of the Mississippi, from the 1880s to the 1920s. The story moves from the Reconstruction-Era river boat to Gilded-Age Chicago to Roaring-Twenties New York, and finally returns to the Mississippi River. "Show Boat" was adapted as a Broadway musical in 1927 by Jerome Kern and Oscar Hammerstein II. Three films followed: a 1929 version that depended partly on the musical, and two full adaptations of the musical in 1936 and 1951.
Background.
In August 1924, Edna Ferber watched as
the opening performance of her play Minick was disrupted by an invasion of bats that had been nesting undetected in the chandeliers and dome of the playhouse. Alarmed theatergoers scurried for the exits. As the crew recovered from this debacle, Winthrop Ames, the show's producer, jokingly remarked "Next time... we won't bother with tryouts. We'll all charter a show boat and we'll just drift down the rivers, playing the towns as we come to them." 
Show boats were floating theaters that traveled along the major rivers of the United States from the 1870s to the 1930s. The performers lived aboard the vessels. With song, dance, and dramatic productions, show boats provided entertainment for small riverside towns that were otherwise quite isolated. Ferber, who had never heard of show boats, was immediately intrigued.
Here, I thought, was one of the most melodramatic and gorgeous bits of Americana that had ever come my way. It was not only the theater — it was the theater plus the glamour of the wandering drifting life, the drama of the river towns, the mystery and terror of the Mississippi itself... I spent a year hunting down every available scrap of show-boat material; reading, interviewing, taking notes and making outlines."
In the spring of 1925, Ferber traveled to Bath, North Carolina and spent four days aboard one of the few remaining show boats in the country, the 
"James Addams Floating Theatre," which plied the Pamlico River and Great Dismal Swamp Canal.
The material she gathered, especially the reminiscences of Charles Hunter, the director and chief actor, provided her with "a treasure-trove of show-boat material, human, touching, true."
Ferber spent the next year in France and New York writing the novel, and published it in the summer of 1926.
The mix of romance, realistic depiction of racial issues, and nostalgia for a vanishing American past was an immediate hit with a still war-weary American public, and the novel was number one on the bestseller lists for twelve weeks. The critical reception was more cautious but still positive. In his New York Times review, Louis Kronenberger wrote:
With "Show Boat" Miss Ferber establishes herself not as one of those who are inaugurating first-rate literature, but as one of those who are reviving first-rate story-telling. This is little else but an irresistible story; but that, surely, is enough.
By the time the "James Addams Floating Theatre" was destroyed by fire in 1941, the era of show boats had ended, supplanted by the motion picture theater.
Plot.
The time is the late nineteenth century. Captain Andy Hawks is a former riverboat owner with a shrewish wife, Parthy Ann, and a ten-year-old daughter, Magnolia. He buys the new show boat "Cotton Blossom". Among the actors are Julie Dozier and her husband Steve Baker, and Ellie Chipley and her husband, affectionately known as "Schultzy". Other members of the crew are Pete, the engineer of the towboat "Mollie Able", which propels the show boat; Frank the utility man, and Windy McClain, the pilot.
Steve and Julie are close, and Julie becomes Magnolia's best friend, showing motherly affection toward her. For a time, all is well, but soon Pete begins making unwanted advances toward Julie. He gets into a fist fight with Steve, is soundly beaten, and swears revenge. He implies knowing some dark secret concerning Julie. When the troupe arrives at Lemoyne, Mississippi, Pete steals Julie's picture from the box office and takes it to the local sheriff. Julie claims she does not feel well enough to perform, and Parthy observes that Julie fell sick the year before in the same town. When they hear what Pete has done, Steve takes out a pocket knife, makes a cut on Julie's hand, and sucks blood from it. 
The sheriff arrives and announces that there is a miscegenation case on board: since Julie is black and Steve is white, their marriage is illegal. Julie admits that she is half-black. Ellie, who has been very close to Julie, becomes upset at the revelation and hysterically denounces her friend. Steve says he has "negro blood" in him, and the rest of the company backs him up. The sheriff, not realizing that Steve's claim is based only on his having sucked some blood from Julie's hand, recites as Mississippi law that "one drop of Negro blood makes you a Negro in these parts." Although still suspicious, he is convinced by Windy, a boyhood friend, that he cannot arrest the couple, and leaves. He tells Steve and Julie to leave the boat, which they do, after Julie sorrowfully says goodbye to the girl Magnolia.
Years later we return to the boat, where Magnolia is now eighteen and the newest leading lady. She has no leading man. After Gaylord Ravenal, a handsome riverboat gambler, is hired, he and Magnolia promptly fall in love and elope. 
Months later, Magnolia has had a baby daughter, whom she names Kim (because she was born at the moment when the "Cotton Blossom" was at the convergence on the Mississippi of the states of Kentucky, Illinois and Missouri). Shortly after, Captain Andy falls overboard during a storm and drowns. Rather than live with the stern Parthy, Magnolia and Ravenal leave for Chicago with Kim. In the big city, the couple is alternately rich and poor, depending on Ravenal's gambling winnings (he does not try to find regular work, and cheats on Magnolia with prostitutes). Finally, after about ten years, Parthy announces she is coming to visit; the destitute Ravenal, desperate for money, borrows some from Hetty Chilson, the local whorehouse madam. He returns to Magnolia at their boarding house but is drunk. As he sleeps off his stupor, she returns the money to Hetty, and discovers the madam's secretary is Julie Dozier. Julie is devastated that Magnolia has found her working in the whorehouse. (The fate of Steve goes unmentioned in the novel.)
When Magnolia returns to the boarding house, she finds Ravenal gone, leaving nothing but a farewell note. She never sees him again. She goes out to get work and is hired at a local nightclub called Joppers.
The story moves forward to 1926, when show boats are becoming scarce on the Mississippi River. Kim has married and become a successful actress on Broadway in New York City. Her father Ravenal has been dead for several years. One night, Magnolia receives a telegram announcing the death of her mother Parthy, from whom she has been long estranged. She returns to the show boat, which she decides to keep and manage, rather than to scrap. She gives all of her inheritance from Parthy, a fortune, to her daughter Kim. Joining Magnolia is Ellie, a widow since her husband Schultzy has died.
Musical adaptation.
Although Brooks Atkinson, the noted New York Times theatre critic, proclaimed the musical adaptation as being "positively slavish" to the novel, Hammerstein made several changes in adapting it to the musical stage. All may have been made to make the plot, considered at the time to be unusually serious and realistic for a musical, palatable to a 1927 audience. (For instance, none of the characters die in the musical, although there are many and the story spans forty years; Magnolia and Ravenal are reconciled and reunited at the end; and Ellie, who is not Julie's best friend as in the book, does not become hysterical or vicious when Julie's mixed racial heritage is revealed.) The novel's treatment of racism and its effects on the story's characters is largely retained in the musical, and perhaps strengthened by the show's most famous song, "Ol' Man River".
Radio.
On March 31, 1939, on the "Campbell Playhouse", Orson Welles broadcast a dramatic hourlong version of the Ferber novel in which he played the role of Captain Andy, and author Edna Ferber made her acting debut as Parthy. Noted actress Margaret Sullavan played Magnolia as an adult, William Johnstone played Ravenal, and, because of her success onstage in the role, Helen Morgan played Julie, though the one song she sang had nothing to do with the stage version of "Show Boat". It would be one of Morgan's last public appearances before her untimely death in 1941.
On February 20 and 27, 2011, a two-part version of "Show Boat" was broadcast on BBC Radio 4 in the "Classic Serial" spot. Based only on Ferber's novel, it was dramatised by Moya O'Shea, produced/directed by Tracey Neale and starred Lysette Anthony as Kim, Samantha Spiro as Magnolia, Laurel Lefkow as Party, Morgan Deare as Cap'n Andy, Ryan McCluskey as Gaylord and Nonso Anozie as Jo, with original music by Neil Brand.

</doc>
<doc id="18785266" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18785266" title="Nyūzen Station">
Nyūzen Station


</doc>
<doc id="18785270" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18785270" title="Cardone">
Cardone

Cardone is a surname of Italian origin. The name may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18785271" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18785271" title="Sopot Hit Festival">
Sopot Hit Festival

Sopot Hit Festival - is international song contest, bringing contestants and guests who are stars with world recognition. It has been transmitted annually by the Polish Television in the coastal resort of Sopot, Poland. Together with National Festival of Polish Song in Opole and Sopot Festival it the biggest Polish music festival.
Polish Hit Summer 2008 - August 8.
Stars: Kate Ryan, Monrose, Arash.
International Hit Summer 2008 - August 9.
Stars: Stachursky, Patrycja Markowska, Feel.

</doc>
<doc id="18785279" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18785279" title="Bücker Bü 134">
Bücker Bü 134

__NOTOC__
The Bücker Bü 134 was a German single engine, high wing cabin monoplane prototype designed and built by Bücker Flugzeugbau GmbH.
Development.
In 1936 the Bücker Flugzeugbau company developed their first monoplane design. The Bü 134 was intended as a light general aviation aircraft featuring side by side seating. The wings were foldable for convenient hangarage. Flight testing was not successful and the type was not put into series production. The single prototype aircraft, D-EQPA, was destroyed in a hangar fire on 21 May 1939. 

</doc>
<doc id="18785284" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18785284" title="Tabor Mountain Alpine Resort">
Tabor Mountain Alpine Resort

Tabor Mountain Alpine Resort is a ski resort located east of Prince George, British Columbia, Canada, adjacent to BC Hwy 16 on Mount Tabor.
The resort has one triple chair, with a handle tow in the lessons area. Total vertical drop is 244m (800 ft) from a summit elevation of 795m (2.607 ft) to a base elevation of 549m (1,800 ft), with twelve runs covering an area of 73 hectares (180 acres).

</doc>
<doc id="18785285" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18785285" title="USS Midway (AG-41)">
USS Midway (AG-41)

USS "Midway" (AG-41) – also known as USS "Panay" (AG-41) -- was a commercial cargo ship leased by the U.S. Navy during World War II. She was used by the Navy as a cargo ship and as a troop transport in the North Pacific Ocean. She was returned to her owner at war’s end.
Constructed in Brooklyn.
The first ship to be named "Midway" by the Navy, she was built in 1921 as "Oritani" by Todd Shipyards Corporation, Brooklyn, New York, and renamed "Tyee" in 1939; was acquired by the Navy on a bareboat charter through the War Shipping Administration (WSA) from Alaska Transportation Company, Seattle, Washington; and commissioned at Puget Sound Navy Yard 10 April 1942.
World War II service.
Classified as general auxiliary, "Midway" operated along the Pacific coast between ports of the Northwestern United States and American bases in Alaska and the Aleutians. In January 1943 she steamed to Pearl Harbor and shuttled troops, provisions and equipment between the islands of the central Pacific.
Renamed Panay.
Renamed "Panay" 3 April 1943 to allow the name to be used for a new aircraft carrier, she resumed the Alaskan run in the summer and continued this vital service to military and naval units in the far north through the end of the war.
Post-war decommissioning.
"Panay" was decommissioned 24 May 1946 and was returned to her owner.

</doc>
<doc id="18785289" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18785289" title="Tomari Station (Toyama)">
Tomari Station (Toyama)


</doc>
<doc id="18785298" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18785298" title="Anthony Russo (mobster)">
Anthony Russo (mobster)

Anthony Russo (July 13, 1916 – April 26, 1979), aka Little Pussy, was an Italian-American Genovese crime family figure who was a reputed Boss of Monmouth County, New Jersey. He is also the supposed inspiration behind the fictional character Big Pussy Bonpensiero.
Russo was a skilled cat burglar which is how he earned his nickname "Little Pussy" short for "Little Pussycat". He was a made man in the Newark, New Jersey crew of the Genovese crime family which was run by veteran mobster Ruggiero "Richie the Boot" Boiardo. Russo was shot to death in Long Branch, New Jersey on April 26, 1979, while on an Easter furlough from prison. His killers were identified in FBI reports as Thomas "Pee Wee" DePhillips, a capo in the Genovese family, Anthony DeVingo, a soldier and enforcer in the Genovese family who controlled gambling and loansharking in parts of Essex County, and Joe "Joe Z" Zarro an alleged Genovese associate whose operation spread into Passaic County. "It was a typical mob contract", said one investigator familiar with the case. "It was obvious from the start it was someone he knew, someone he trusted." Federal authorities indicated they always suspected DeVingo but couldn't produce enough evidence to charge him. No weapons were ever recovered.

</doc>
<doc id="18785300" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18785300" title="USS Providence (1776 gundalow)">
USS Providence (1776 gundalow)

USS "Providence", a gundalow, was built at Skenesboro, New York, on Lake Champlain by the Continental Army for Brigadier-General Benedict Arnold's fleet on Lake Champlain in 1776, during the American Revolutionary War.
Under the command of Captain Simonds, an Army officer, she participated in the engagement at Valcour Island between Arnold's fleet and a British squadron on 11 October 1776. After the battle, their ammunition nearly exhausted, the Americans retreated towards Crown Point, with the enemy in pursuit and the next morning (the 12th) "Providence", being badly damaged, was sunk at Schuyler's Island by her own crew to prevent capture. This tactical defeat was a strategic victory for the Americans since Arnold's little fleet enabled the rebelling colonists to prepare for the renewed British onslaught the following summer which ended in Burgoyne's defeat at Saratoga.

</doc>
<doc id="18785305" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18785305" title="Etchū-Miyazaki Station">
Etchū-Miyazaki Station


</doc>
<doc id="18785310" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18785310" title="Glavinitsa">
Glavinitsa

Glavinitsa (, pronounced ; also transliterated "Glavinica" or "Glavinitza") is a town in northeastern Bulgaria, part of Silistra Province. It is the administrative centre of Glavinitsa Municipality, which lies in the southwestern part of Silistra Province, in the historical region of Southern Dobruja. As of December 2009, the town has a population of 1,928 inhabitants.
Glavinitsa is located in the eastern Danubian Plain, on the road between Dulovo and Tutrakan. Its old name (until 1942) was "Asvatköy". Glavinitsa was proclaimed a town on 5 September 1984.
Glavinitsa Peak on Fallières Coast in Antarctica is named after the village.
Municipality.
Glavinitsa municipality includes the following 23 places:
The population consists mostly of Bulgarians and Turks. There are 5 churches, 3 chapels and 17 mosques.

</doc>
<doc id="18785316" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18785316" title="Lucien de Vestel">
Lucien de Vestel

Lucien de Vestel (Elsene, January 26, 1902 – August 21, 1967, Brussels) was a Belgian architect known for designing the Berlaymont in Brussels.
He was a modernist who did a lot of work in the interwar period in rebuilding housing and apartment blocks were great expertise was needed for textures and colours. He was briefly associated with Henri Lacoste, who he worked with at the Belgian pavilion of the Paris colonial exhibition in 1931. He then worked on the extension of the Royal Institution for Natural Sciences at Leopold Park in Brussels where he tried to open up the Luxembourg station area but lacked sufficient funding. He further failed to win any major design competition for public buildings.
Following the Second World War he got interested in prefabricated housing construction techniques and eventually won the design for the Berlaymont, however he died in 1967 before it was completed.

</doc>
<doc id="18785320" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18785320" title="Ichiburi Station">
Ichiburi Station


</doc>
<doc id="18785325" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18785325" title="HMS Dreadnought (1742)">
HMS Dreadnought (1742)

HMS "Dreadnought" was a 60-gun fourth rate ship of the line of the Royal Navy, built according to the 1733 proposals of the 1719 Establishment at Deptford, and was launched on 23 June 1742.
"Dreadnought" served until 1784, when she was sold out of the service.

</doc>
<doc id="18785326" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18785326" title="Tetsuya Hibino">
Tetsuya Hibino

Like many of the drivers in the D1GP he is the owner of his own tuning shop called SunRise, and works on his car himself. He is quite a popular driver as he is one of best drivers of the Toyota AE86 chassis in the D1GP today, he is also famous for his "jumping drift" which he first showed at Ebisu Circuit in 2004, where he drifts while his car is airborne. He has always driven the Toyota Corolla Levin since he began and the combination of its light weight and his aggressive driving style make him a formidable opponent. His Levin is heavily modified, featuring the SR20 engine from a Nissan Silvia which gives a significant performance advantage over the standard engine. Though some of the more hardcore AE86 fans do not like this Nissan transplant, it is fairly common. He now drives the new Toyota GT86 powered by an EJ20 engine from Subaru (boxer engine).
He Began competing in the D1 Grand Prix in the sixth round in 2002, though he did not get any recognition until round 3 of 2004 when out of nowhere he defeated many well known names to take second place, and first exhibited his "jumping drift" which took the crowd and judges by storm. Although he has never actually won a round yet he has come second on a few occasions proving he has got what it takes, and just needs to be patient.

</doc>
<doc id="18785327" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18785327" title="Peripheral venous catheter">
Peripheral venous catheter

In medicine, a peripheral venous catheter (PVC or "peripheral venous line" or "peripheral venous access catheter") is a catheter (small, flexible tube) placed into a peripheral vein in order to administer medication or fluids. Upon insertion, the line can be used to draw blood.
The catheter is introduced into the vein by a needle (similar to blood drawing), which is subsequently removed while the small tube of the cannula remains in place. The catheter is then fixed by taping it to the patient's skin (unless there is allergy to adhesives). Newer catheters have been equipped with additional safety features to avoid needlestick injuries. Modern catheters consist of synthetic polymers such as teflon (hence the often used term 'Venflon' or 'Cathlon' for these venous catheters). In 1950 they consisted of plastic.
A peripheral venous catheter is the most commonly used vascular access in medicine. It is given to most emergency room and surgical patients, and before some radiological imaging techniques using radiocontrast, for example. In the United States, more than 25 million patients get a peripheral venous line each year.
A peripheral venous catheter is usually placed in a vein on the hand or arm. It should be distinguished from a central venous catheter which is inserted in a central vein (usually in the internal jugular vein of the neck or the subclavian vein of the chest), or an arterial catheter which can be placed in a peripheral as well as a central artery. In children, a local anaesthetic gel (such as lidocaine) is applied to the insertion site to facilitate placement.
Complications.
Infection, phlebitis, extravasation, infiltration, air embolism, hemorrhage (bleeding) and formation of a hematoma (bruise) may occur.
Because of the risk of insertion-site infection the CDC advises in their guideline that the catheter needs to be replaced every 96 hours. Although these catheters can best not be left in place longer than necessary, the need to replace these catheters routinely is debated.
Expert management has been shown to reduce the complications of peripheral lines.

</doc>
<doc id="18785328" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18785328" title="Oyashirazu Station">
Oyashirazu Station


</doc>
<doc id="18785336" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18785336" title="Ōmi Station (Niigata)">
Ōmi Station (Niigata)


</doc>
<doc id="18785342" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18785342" title="I'll Keep You Satisfied">
I'll Keep You Satisfied

"I'll Keep You Satisfied" is a song written mainly by Paul McCartney but credited to Lennon–McCartney. It was released as a single by Billy J. Kramer with the Dakotas on 1 November 1963. It reached number 4 and spent 13 weeks in the UK charts, kept off the top spot by the Beatles' "She Loves You" (another Lennon–McCartney composition) and "You'll Never Walk Alone". The song hit #30 in the 1964 US charts.
Recording.
The song was recorded on 14 October 1963 at Abbey Road Studios. Lennon was present at the recording.

</doc>
<doc id="18785343" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18785343" title="Boys Ranch, Texas">
Boys Ranch, Texas

Boys Ranch is a census-designated place and unincorporated community in northeastern Oldham County, Texas, United States, on the site of the original county seat, Tascosa. It lies along U.S. Route 385 northeast of the city of Vega, the county seat of Oldham County. Its elevation is 3,186 feet (971 m). Although Boys Ranch is unincorporated, it has a post office, with the ZIP code of 79010.
Boys Ranch is served by the Boys Ranch Independent School District and Boys Ranch High School.
Climate.
According to the Köppen Climate Classification system, Boys Ranch has a semi-arid climate, abbreviated "BSk" on climate maps.

</doc>
<doc id="18785345" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18785345" title="Kajiyashiki Station">
Kajiyashiki Station


</doc>
<doc id="18785354" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18785354" title="Dokken discography">
Dokken discography

This is the complete discography of American heavy metal and hard rock band Dokken. Throughout their career, they have released 11 studio albums, 1 EP, 5 live albums, 6 compilation albums and 14 singles.

</doc>
<doc id="18785360" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18785360" title="Uramoto Station">
Uramoto Station


</doc>
<doc id="18785379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18785379" title="Euroscript">
Euroscript

Euroscript is an independent, London-based script development organisation offering analysis of screenplays and other consultancy services to screenwriters, film producers and film directors.
History and Funding.
Euroscript was set up in 1995 by The London Screenwriters' Workshop (later known as the Screenwriters’ Workshop) with the aim of improving the quality of film scripts going into production in Europe. It received its initial funding from the European Commission’s Media II programme, but is now financially independent.
Aims and Methods.
Influential figures such as cinematographer Brian Tufano (director of photography on a range of successful films including "Quadrophenia", "Billy Elliot" and "Trainspotting") have pointed out that many British and European scripts go into production too early, leading to sub-standard films. This is partly due to European producers lacking the funds to pay writers for adequate script development - but also to a culture which underestimates its importance.
Euroscript’s brief is to rectify these problems, developing writers’ careers and creative skills over a sustained period through courses and workshops, and facilitating the creation of high-quality, marketable screenplays.
Euroscript's stated aim is to create a community offering screen, TV and radio writers support and guiding them through all the stages of script development. Its script editors give writers one-to-one help in an extended development programme which nurses projects from initial idea to final draft.
Producers and production companies use Euroscript as an ancillary script department, outsourcing development tasks to its team of editors.
Screen Story Competition.
Euroscript's annual Screen Story Competition was launched in 1994, again with backing from the Media II programme. Philippa Goslett is a previous winner with her script Little Ashes, which dramatises the complex relationships between Salvador Dalí, Federico Garcia Lorca and Luis Buñuel. The film, which was script-edited by Lara Masters for Euroscript, has recently been released (directed by Paul Morrison) and has garnered some excellent reviews. Paul Sellars is another previous winner with his drama The Judas Boy.
Worldwide Links.
Euroscript has launched numerous foreign initiatives, its most recent venture being a series of Danish workshops in conjunction with the Copenhagen Screenwriting School.
Euroscript Promotion.
Euroscript is currently setting up a new initiative aimed at promoting the best scripts from its consultancy programme to the film industry. It will take no fee for this service, but will ask for a script-editing credit should the film be made.
The Euroscript Team.
Euroscript comprises a diverse team of industry professionals including producers, working screenwriters, script consultants, film-makers and intellectual property lawyers. Among these are Andrew Clifford, Paul Bassett Davies, Paul Gallagher, Fenella Greenfield, Charles Harris, Ian Long, Anne Woods and Kevan Tidy.

</doc>
<doc id="18785384" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18785384" title="Nō Station">
Nō Station


</doc>
<doc id="18785395" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18785395" title="Tsutsuishi Station">
Tsutsuishi Station

Layout.
The platforms are in Kubiki Tunnel (length = 11,353m), below 40m from ground. It connects with its entrance gate by 280-290 steps.

</doc>
<doc id="18785409" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18785409" title="HMS Medway (1742)">
HMS Medway (1742)

HMS "Medway" was a 60-gun fourth rate ship of the line of the Royal Navy, built to the 1733 proposals of the 1719 Establishment at Rotherhithe, and launched on 26 May 1742.
"Medway" was scuttled in 1748.

</doc>
<doc id="18785419" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18785419" title="Nadachi Station">
Nadachi Station


</doc>
<doc id="18785434" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18785434" title="Arimagawa Station">
Arimagawa Station


</doc>
<doc id="18785439" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18785439" title="Soundscape Digital Technology">
Soundscape Digital Technology

Soundscape Digital Technology pioneered Windows based multi-channel studio recording, editing and mastering from the early 1990s, becoming one of the most widely respected Digital Audio Workstations.
Soundscape SSHDR1.
Soundscape was formed in the UK when in early 1992, Chris Wright, the head designer and Technical Manager for Cheetah Marketing Ltd., with Belgian designer Johan Bonnaerens and Cheetah, together with Johan's employer Sydec NV agreed a plan to jointly design, manufacture and market a modular 4 track hard disk based Digital Audio Workstation (DAW). 
The SSHDR1 DAW became, if not the first, certainly one of the first products of this kind available and was showcased as an 8 track system at the NAMM and Musik Messe trade shows in 1993. Cheetah's parent company Cannon Street Investments was struggling during the UK recession and closed the company in March 1993, splitting off the computer peripherals division (which principally manufactured joysticks such as Bart Simpson, Batman and Alien licensed designs) to another company in the group. Chris Wright along with Sales Manager Nick Owen bought the assets of the Cheetah music products division, forming Soundscape Digital Technology Ltd., immediately took on two of the ex-Cheetah employees (Marcus Case - Production Manager and Kirstie Davies - Operations Manager) and started to market and manufacture the Soundscape SSHDR1, shipping the first batch of 100 units in August 1993.
Like Chris, who had started designing products for music (synthesizers, effects, samplers, keyboards, drum machines) in his spare time (his day job was as a Senior Electronics Designer in telecoms), Johan was also an avid rock guitar player and music fan and had started the design at home. An long experienced audio designer himself, Chris contributed in some of the key elements of the DSP (Digital Signal Processing) code such as how to efficiently implement real-time fade curves, and digital compressors and chase locking to timecode, and his experience of EMC shielding and testing techniques enabled rapid EMC approval to be gained. He later concentrated on developing the specifications for the Soundscape products as they moved into the demanding high end markets in broadcast and film sound. Johan concentrated mainly on the Windows software and another engineer took over the DSP code. 
The system rapidly gained market success, shipping over 700 systems in the first year and garnered excellent reviews throughout the music and recording press in Europe, Australia and the USA, and featured on the front page of most major magazines. The system was renowned for its bulletproof stability, something that was the holy grail of computer based recording on PCs. This was due to its split design with separate Motorola 56000 DSP powered hardware that was controlled by Windows editing software. The hardware took the strain allowing a very light demand on the PC, so that other MIDI sequencers such as eMagic Logic, Steinberg Cubase, Cakewalk and others could be used simultaneously. The boast was that even if the PC crashed, the system would continue recording, and this was demonstrated regularly. The result was that while most other computer based recording/editing systems were all studio based, Soundscape could also be used for live recording and could be relied upon for recording 100 piece orchestras with no risk. Integration of the SSHDR1 hardware within eMagic Logic Audio and Cakewalk was developed by both companies using the Soundscape API.
Design elements.
The modular nature and expandability to 16 units connected to one PC was also somewhat unique. Initially launched as a 4 track 16bit, 48 kHz system and using inexpensive IDE drives (the first units shipped with 2 x 120MB drives), advances in the efficiency of the DSP code extended this first to 8 tracks with 24bit recording and then with the addition of a second DSP board, to 12 tracks and also added the world's first configurable DSP based digital mixer. Huge systems could be configured as just 8 units coupled together formed a 96 track system with sample accurate synchronisation and could be controlled from one editing screen. The unit also had removable drive trays fitted as it had become cost efficient to simply put drives on the shelf as they cost far less per hour of audio than master tape. 
Soundscape also produced a range of modular audio interface units that connected to the Soundscape SSHDR1 unit via TDIF.
Soundscape took a bold decision to offer free of charge software updates to their users, a decision that generated user loyalty of a level previously unknown for computer based audio products. Added to that, the quality of the product release remained incredibly high and bugs were virtually non-existent.
Soundscape R.Ed, Mixtreme and Mixpander cards.
In 1997 the Soundscape R.Ed system was released which offered 32 tracks per units at up to 24bit 96 kHz and had two removable and two fixed drive bays. IDE disks, which at first had been ridiculed by many as non-professional, nevertheless had dominated the PC market and were approximately half the price of SCSI. The system could now contain a massive amount of inexpensive storage and was as reliable as ever. The limitation of the system compared to the market leader Pro Tools, had always been the amount of DSP power available for mixing and effects, but in 2000, this was removed with the launch of the Mixpander card, which added 9 of the latest super powerful Motorola 563xx DSPs to the system, connected via a fast bus, and so finally a vast amount of real-time DSP processing power was available. 
From 1993 to 2000 approximately 10,000 Soundscape systems were shipped and were being used in many professional applications as well as in home studios. Several successful Hollywood produced TV shows such as Mad About You and Frasier were almost completely edited using Soundscape, systems were in use in large numbers throughout the CBC in Canada and other broadcasters in many countries, large multitrack systems in recording studios. Soundscape had introduced an entire recording generation to digital recording and editing many of whom had previously never even used a computer. This system was very simple to use but contained powerful editing tools, real-time plug-in effects and had wide ranging support throughout the industry with Soundscape format plug-ins developed by many top companies such as TC Electronics, Dolby, Drawmer, CEDAR Audio Ltd, Synchro Arts etc. Also there were some 30 to 40 companies developing or including Soundscape hardware in their products, from radio automation companies such as RCS, D.A.V.I.D and Dalet Digital Media Systems to video NLE manufacturers such as DPS and D-Vision (later Discreet) and many others who used Soundscape Mixtreme cards and Soundscape iBox audio interfaces.
The Mixtreme card, first shipped in 1998 was Soundscape's first PCI card and utilised the DSP mixer developed for the Soundscape SSHDR1 so that along with 16 channels of I/O, it could also support the full range of Soundscape format real-time DSP effects plug-ins available. This was a unique card and the first of its type. Over the next few years many thousands of cards were shipped and it gained wide recognition as a very flexible and future proof audio solution.
Demise.
In 1997 Sydec had started to run into hard times, as following a management buyout from their parent company Niko (a Belgian manufacturer of electrical products such as light fittings), the managing director had become ill, they had a dispute with their former owners and the result was that 50% of the expected income disappeared virtually overnight. The Soundscape side of Sydec's business, which by now had risen to approximately 10 people, half of the company, was still doing well, but without income from the other half, Sydec needed extra revenue badly. Chris Wright started to develop ideas to port the DSP core of the Soundscape R.Ed as a stand-alone recorder engine and began to discuss this with his contacts at Tascam in Japan. 
A plan was formed to provide a 24 track recorder plug-in board for Tascam digital mixers, but at the end Tascam didn't sign the contract as they had received a better offer from one of their existing 3rd party developers (in end the product never appeared). Chris Wright then presented the same idea to Mackie (which at the time was a $300 million NASDAQ listed corporation) and an agreement was made to produce a stand-alone 24 track recorder, that eventually became the Mackie SDR2496. Mackie held off on signing the contract, as their investigations into Sydec's heath had shown that the company was vulnerable and eventually made an offer to buy the shares of Sydec which was accepted. Mackie announced to the world's music industry that they had bought Soundscape at the NAMM show in 2001, which wasn't correct, and in doing so infringed the images, logos copyright owned by Soundscape Digital Technology Ltd. Soundscape's distribution network and customers became extremely nervous and business stalled, just as the long awaited Mixpander was being launched. Soundscape disputed Mackie's use of their intellectual property and a legal action ensued ending in the High Court in London. 
An agreement was struck in May 2003 whereby Soundscape could resume its business without interference from Mackie, but following 5 months with no sales, a large legal bill and the slow summer months ahead, from being in a healthy position at the end of 2000, Soundscape now found itself in difficulties and decided to close its doors in September 2001. Chris Wright joined Teac and Nick Owen started a video dealer based in Cardiff, Wales. 
The sales completely halted as the Soundscape distribution network suddenly had no access to the product and the deep knowledge and energy of the Soundscape team that had driven the product to success had disappeared. Far from being the saviour, Mackie was unable to handle the product and for 1 year there was very little activity and almost no sales. In 2002 the Soundscape R.Ed was rebadged as the Mackie Soundscape 32 and re-launched, but the product was by then based on a design that had been conceived over 10 years earlier and the hardware design for the Soundscape R.Ed was originally started in 1995. Times had moved on and more powerful or native processing products (using the CPU of the PC) had become available such as Nuendo, Pyramix and Pro Tools LE and these were much less expensive. Since 2001, Pyramix particularly had begun to fill the void vacated by Soundscape. Mackie was also haemorrhaging cash in many areas and in 2003 suddenly closed Sydec's doors.
Having picked themselves off the floor, Sydec's MD together with Johan Bonnaerens and 3 others reformed as Sydec Audio Engineering and made a deal with Mackie to sell off the stock of Mackie built units. The incredibly loyal Soundscape user base was relieved as they had become very disillusioned with Mackie, but it was difficult to make headway with such a small team. The company continued without great success until 2006, when they were purchased by Solid State Logic.
The company continues to develop and release new software. The hardware department now focusses more on Audio Acquisition and Format Converters (such as their iBox range). As of 2010, the Soundscape 32 system and iBox range was still available. One problem is that IDE disk drives have largely been replaced by SATA and the Soundscape 32 units cannot support them. The current focus is to utilise hard disks connected to the PC together with a Mixpander card, providing a way that the software can operate without relying on the external units. The latest range has focussed on MADI connections, but this is a relatively niche area.

</doc>
<doc id="18785451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18785451" title="Tanihama Station">
Tanihama Station


</doc>
<doc id="18785471" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18785471" title="Tommy Smith (footballer born 1990)">
Tommy Smith (footballer born 1990)

Thomas Jefferson "Tommy" Smith (born 31 March 1990) is an English-born New Zealand international footballer who plays for Ipswich Town and captains the New Zealand national football team. A graduate of the Ipswich academy, he is a left-sided defensive player, most adept at centre back or left back. He spent the second half of the 2007–08 season on loan at Stevenage in the Conference National before making his Ipswich debut in August 2008. He is Ipswich's longest serving player and is the current Ipswich Town Supporters Player of the Season having won the award for the 2012–13 season.
Club career.
Ipswich Town.
Academy.
Born in Macclesfield, Cheshire, Smith is a product of the Ipswich Town academy and signed a three-year professional contract in August 2007. He was on the shortlist for the Wickes Young Apprentice Trophy, given to the best youth player in the Championship, but Mark Beevers won the award.
Loan to Stevenage.
In February 2008, Smith joined Stevenage Borough in the Conference National on a one-month emergency loan. Later the loan was extended until the end of the season. He played 15 games for the club before returning to Ipswich.
Return to Ipswich.
Smith's form for Stevenage led to him getting his opportunity in the Ipswich first team on the first day of the 2008–09 season. Ipswich went on to lose the game 2–1 to Preston North End.
That season, Smith broke his ankle in training, and missed the majority of the season. However, by the time he made his return to first team action, manager Jim Magilton had left the club and been replaced by Roy Keane. Smith featured heavily in Keane's early games as Ipswich manager, with the former Manchester United midfielder opting to give some of the club's younger talent – such as Connor Wickham and Smith – a chance to prove themselves.
However, injury stalled Smith's progress once again, when he suffered another training ground injury – this time to his hand. In his absence Gareth McAuley and Damien Delaney formed a solid defensive partnership ahead of deputising goalkeeper Arran Lee-Barrett. Smith was unable to force his way back into the first team in the short-term.
Loan to Brentford.
On 7 January 2010, Smith joined Brentford on a temporary basis. In doing so, Smith replaced Pim Balkestein at Griffin Park, who had been on loan at the club from Ipswich too. Smith played eight games during his brief spell at Brentford, before being recalled by Ipswich on 15 March.
Return to Ipswich.
Smith scored his first professional goal for Ipswich away against Middlesbrough in the first game of the 2010–11 Championship, which Ipswich won 3–1. After playing 11 games and scoring 1 goal during the 2011–12 season Smith signed a two-year contract extension in May 2012.
Loan to Colchester United.
On 17 March 2011, Smith signed for Colchester United on loan for the rest of the 2010–11 season.
International career.
Born in England, Smith resided in New Zealand during his youth and as a result holds dual nationality. This gave him the opportunity to declare himself eligible for the New Zealand national football team ("All Whites"), though he has also represented England at U-17 and U-18 level. Smith played in the 2007 FIFA U-17 World Cup in Korea during September 2007 despite not playing a part in England's qualification for the tournament.
In December 2009, after the New Zealand national football team had qualified for the 2010 FIFA World Cup, Smith declared that he wanted to play for New Zealand and made himself available for All Whites selection, having been offered the opportunity by the Kiwi's boss, Ricki Herbert. He made his full international debut on 3 March 2010, starting in a 2–0 friendly defeat to Mexico in Los Angeles, USA on 3 March 2010. Smith was named in New Zealand's final 23-man squad to compete at the 2010 FIFA World Cup and made his first World Cup Finals appearance in New Zealand's opening game, a 1–1 draw against Slovakia. He also went on play every minute of New Zealand's World Cup campaign and achieved a historical three points at the tournament.
Smith became the youngest captain in All Whites history after leading the team in a 2–2 draw versus El Salvador on 23 May 2012. On 2 June 2012 Smith scored his first goal for his country in 1–0 win versus Fiji in a 2014 FIFA World Cup Qualifier.
International goals and caps.
New Zealand's goal tally first.

</doc>
<doc id="18785490" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18785490" title="Renault AX">
Renault AX

The Renault AX was an automobile manufactured by Renault. It was produced between 1908 to 1914 and was mostly used by cab drivers.
The AX had a 2-cylinders straight engine with a displacement of 1,060 cc and a power of 8 kW. Its maximum speed was 34 mph (55 km/h). The vehicle weighed 750 kg.

</doc>
<doc id="18785506" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18785506" title="Schuyler Island">
Schuyler Island

Schuyler Island, Schuyler[']s Island, or Whitney Island, is an island in Lake Champlain, between Port Kent, New York and Willsboro Bay, opposite Burlington, Vermont. It is a part of Chesterfield, in Essex County, New York. Schuyler Island was involved in the 1776 Battle of Valcour during the American Revolutionary War.
Schuyler Island was a family farm and was taken from the family during World War II using eminent domain provisions of the law. The US Government military viewed the island as an important backup to Plattsburgh Air Force Base in NY State. The Federal Government later gave the land to the State of NY which created a State park there. Overnight camping sites are available and is popular stop for lake boaters.
Schuyler Island is located at .

</doc>
<doc id="18785514" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18785514" title="Black Bob">
Black Bob

Black Bob may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18785517" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18785517" title="Hălăucești">
Hălăucești

Hălăuceşti () is a commune in Iaşi County, Romania. It is composed of two villages, Hălăuceşti and Luncaşi ("Lunkás").
At the 2002 census, 100% of inhabitants were ethnic Romanians. 88.2% were Roman Catholic and 11.7% Romanian Orthodox.

</doc>
<doc id="18785518" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18785518" title="Canadian Institute of Geomatics">
Canadian Institute of Geomatics

The Canadian Institute of Geomatics (French: "Association Canadienne des Sciences Géomatiques") is a not-for-profit scientific association based in Ottawa, Ontario devoted to the development of geomatics in Canada.
External links.
Canadian Institute of Geomatics

</doc>
<doc id="18785520" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18785520" title="Aranidipine">
Aranidipine

Aranidipine (INN, trade name Sapresta) is a calcium channel blocker.

</doc>
<doc id="18785521" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18785521" title="Gropnița">
Gropnița

Gropniţa is a commune in Iaşi County, Romania. It is composed of six villages: Bulbucani, Forăşti, Gropniţa, Mălăeşti, Săveni and Sângeri.

</doc>
<doc id="18785525" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18785525" title="Golăiești">
Golăiești

Golăieşti is a commune in Iaşi County, Romania. It is composed of eight villages: Bran, Cilibiu, Cotu lui Ivan, Golăieşti, Grădinari, Medeleni, Petreşti and Podu Jijiei.
Composer Valentin Radu is a native of the commune.

</doc>
<doc id="18785526" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18785526" title="The Magnet (film)">
The Magnet (film)

The Magnet is a 1950 Ealing Studios comedy film, and gave James Fox his first starring role. The story revolves around a young Wallasey boy, Johnny Brent (Fox), whose deceptive obtaining of the eponymous magnet leads to confusion and ultimately him being hailed as a hero, but feeling guilt at his slyness.
Plot.
Johnny Brent (Fox), whilst off school in quarantine for scarlet fever, manages to con a younger boy out of a magnet by swapping it for an "invisible watch". However the little boy's nanny accuses him of stealing, which makes Johnny feel guilty: he runs away but then tries to get rid of the magnet, particularly after an older boy uses it to cheat at a pinball machine and the owner thinks Johnny is involved. He then meets an eccentric iron lung maker who is raising funds for the local hospital and gives him the magnet which is later auctioned for charity. The iron lung maker tells the story of the magnet at the various fund-raising events he attends, exaggerating wildly and portraying Johnny as everything from a Little Lord Fauntleroy to a ragged orphan from Dickens, all the while hoping that he can find him again.
After he returns to school, Johnny sees the little boy's nanny and overhears her telling her friend about her budgerigar, which she says has died of a broken heart. Johnny, however, thinks she is talking about the little boy himself and becomes convinced that he is guilty of murder. He hides in the back of a van which takes him to Liverpool, where he conflicts with local boys, winning them over by convincing them he is on the run from the police. He saves the life of one of them when he falls through the floor of a disused pier. The injured boy ends up in the very iron lung for which the fund-raising has been all about and when Johnny visits him he sees the magnet mounted on it – and also bumps into the inventor, who is delighted to have found the little hero at last. Johnny is awarded the Civic Gold Medal, which he gives to the magnet's original owner, his conscience clear.
Production and casting.
"The Magnet" was filmed on location in and around New Brighton, Wirral, Cheshire and Liverpool, and at Ealing Studios, London, in black and white. Given its setting, however, authentic local accents are absent until almost the end of the film, in a scene filmed in the shadow of the Anglican cathedral. A Chinese boy appears in this scene, which was unusual for the time in film, although there had been a significant Chinese community in Liverpool since the 1860s, but when he is called home by his mother in Chinese, explains this to his friends in fluent scouse.
James Fox (then known as William) had appeared in "The Miniver Story" earlier in the year, and this was his first starring role, at the age of 11; his performance was largely appreciated, being described by the British Film Institute's reviewer as "certainly lively enough as the over-imaginative Johnny". Stalwarts of Ealing's repertory ensemble, however, such as Stanley Holloway and Alec Guinness, were absent, although James Robertson Justice made a small appearance as a tramp, using a Gaelic pseudonym; at the time he was a candidate in the General Election.
Reception.
The film has not achieved the general popularity of better-known Ealing Comedies such as "Passport to Pimlico" and "The Lavender Hill Mob", although described as "a mild-mannered affair and the comedy gives way to a decidedly poignant conclusion". Leslie Halliwell similarly described it as a "very mild Ealing comedy, not really up to snuff". The British Film Institute's reviewer criticised it as "somewhat burdened by cumbersome moralising and too many credibility-stretching coincidences and misunderstandings" and described it as "an attempt to revisit the success of Clarke's earlier "Hue and Cry"".

</doc>
<doc id="18785529" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18785529" title="Fântânele, Iași">
Fântânele, Iași

Fântânele is a commune in Iaşi County, Romania. It is composed of a single village, Fântânele.

</doc>
<doc id="18785531" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18785531" title="Joe Nichols discography">
Joe Nichols discography

The discography of Joe Nichols, an American country music singer, consists of 18 singles and 8 studio albums.
At age nineteen, he made his debut in 1996 with a self-titled album on the independent Intersound label. It was not until the release of his 2002 single "The Impossible" on the Universal South Records (now Show Dog-Universal Music) label that Nichols first reached Top 40 on the country charts. The single, which peaked at #3 on the "Billboard" Hot Country Singles & Tracks (now Hot Country Songs) charts, was followed by the release of his platinum-certified second album, "Man with a Memory", released in 2002. This album also produced the Number One single "Brokenheartsville".
Nichols followed up "Man with a Memory" in 2004 with "Revelation" (which included the Top Five hit "What's a Guy Gotta Do"), and an album of Christmas music entitled "A Traditional Christmas". His fourth album, 2005's gold-certified "III", produced the Number One single "Tequila Makes Her Clothes Fall Off". "Real Things" followed in 2007. Overall, Nichols' five studio albums for Universal South have accounted for twelve top 20 singles on the country charts, including four Number Ones.

</doc>
<doc id="18785535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18785535" title="Dumești, Iași">
Dumești, Iași

Dumeşti is a commune in Iaşi County, Romania. It is composed of five villages: Banu, Chilişoaia, Dumeşti, Hoiseşti and Păuşeşti.

</doc>
<doc id="18785536" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18785536" title="Kaynardzha">
Kaynardzha

Kaynardzha (, pronounced ; also transliterated "Kajnardža", "Kainardja", "Kaynardja", "Kajnardja", "Kaynarja", "Kainarja", "Kainardzha", "Kajnardzha", etc.) is a village in northeastern Bulgaria, part of Silistra Province. It is the administrative centre of Kaynardzha Municipality, which lies in the easternmost part of Silistra Province, in the historical region of Southern Dobruja, close to the Romanian border.
The village is known as the location of the signing of the Treaty of Küçük Kaynarca on 21 July 1774 between Count Pyotr Rumyantsev, representative of Empress Catherine the Great of the Russian Empire and Musul Zade Mehmed Pasha, representative of Sultan Abdul Hamid I of the Ottoman Empire. The treaty put an end to the Russo-Turkish War of 1768–1774, which was devastating for the once-mighty Ottoman realm.
The village was liberated from Ottoman rule in 1878, following the Russo-Turkish War of 1877-78. After the Balkan Wars, it was ceded by the Kingdom of Bulgaria to the Kingdom of Romania along with all of Southern Dobruja; as part of the interwar Durostor County, it was known as "Cainargeaua Mică", a translation and adaptation of the older Ottoman Turkish name, "Küçük Kaynarca" ("small spa place"). Per the Treaty of Craiova of 1940, all of Southern Dobruja was returned to Bulgaria.
Municipality.
Kaynardzha municipality covers an area of 316 square kilometres and includes the following 15 places:

</doc>
<doc id="18785538" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18785538" title="Kay Chorao">
Kay Chorao

Kay Chorao, born as Ann McKay Sproat on January 7, 1936, (some sources say 1937) in Elkhart, Indiana, is an American artist, illustrator and writer of children's books.
Biography.
Chorao was born in Elkhart, Indiana, United States, into a middle-class, suburban family. She loved and was encouraged to draw at a young age. She attended Laurel School in Shaker Heights, OH. After that, Chorao pursued her graduate study at Chelsea School of Art from 1958 to 1959.
Chorao got married and had three sons before moving to New York with her family. From 1966 to 1968, she studied book illustration at School of Visual Arts in New York.
Career.
Besides writing self-illustrated children's books, Chorao has been the illustrator for many books by Jane Yolen, Judith Viorst, Jan Wahl, and Marjorie Sharmat. Chorao published her first book, "The Repair of Uncle Toe", in 1972. Since then, she has written and illustrated more than fifty books. Her illustrations have been exhibited several times by American Institute of Graphic Arts and Society of Illustrators. Chorao has received the Christopher Award twice; the first time in 1979 as the illustrator of "Chester Chipmunk's Thanksgiving", by Barbara Williams; and the second time in 1989 as the illustrator of "The Good-Bye Book", by Judith Viorst.
In 1975, Chorao illustrated "Albert's Toothache", by Barbara Williams. The book was critically successful, being given the American Library Association's notable book citation and Children's Book Showcase title. In 1979, her 1974 book "Ida Makes a Movie" was adapted into a short film by the same name, which would become the genesis for the highly successful "Degrassi" teen drama franchise. In 1988, Chorao published "Cathedral Mouse", which was well received by critics and featured among the ten best children's picture books of the year, by "New York Times".
In 1990, Chorao's book "Baby’s Lap Book" was selected by American Library Association among the list of "Books to Grow On" for children from 6 to 12 months. The following year, she published "Here Comes Kate", which was named among the Pick of the decade 1995-2005 "Best books for children" list compiled by New Jersey State Library, Clifton Public Library and Woodbridge Public Library. In 1994, Chorao self-illustrated book "Annie and Cousin Precious" was picked by International Reading Association as one of the Children's Choices for 1995.
Selected bibliography.
Illustrated for others.
Books by Majorie Weinman Sharmat.
Books by Marjorie W. Sharmat that are illustrated by Kay Chorao:
Book by Judith Viorst.
Books by Judith Viorst that are illustrated by Kay Chorao:
Books by Jan Wahl.
Books by Jan Wahl that are illustrated by Kay Chorao:
Books by Barbara Williams.
Books by Barbara Williams that are illustrated by Kay Chorao:

</doc>
<doc id="18785542" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18785542" title="Dolhești, Iași">
Dolhești, Iași

Dolheşti is a commune in Iaşi County, Romania. It is composed of three villages: Brădiceşti, Dolheşti and Pietriş.

</doc>
<doc id="18785544" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18785544" title="HMS Hampshire (1741)">
HMS Hampshire (1741)

HMS "Hampshire" was a 50-gun fourth rate ship of the line of the Royal Navy, built to the 1733 proposals of the 1719 Establishment dimensions at Ipswich, and launched on 13 November 1741.
On 29 March 1742 she was under the command of Captain Thomas Limeburner when she captured the "Galgo", a Spanish privateer sloop of 12 guns and 12 "patereros" (swivel guns). She had a crew of 140 men, some of whom were English. She was a new vessel, only 14 months old, belonging to San Sebastián, and had taken 21 prizes. The Royal Navy apparently briefly took "Galgo" into service under her existing name.
In January of 1743 Limeburner and "Hampshire" captured two more privateers, one of the same strength as the "Galgo". The other was armed with 15 guns and swivels, and had a crew of 124 men.
On 17 October 1760 "Hampshire", and intercepted five French vessels in the Windward Passage. On 18 October "Lively" captured the French 20-gun corvette "Valeur". "Boreas" captured the frigate "Sirenne", and "Hampshire" chased the merchant frigate "Prince Edward" on shore where her crew set fire to her, leading her to blow up. On 19 October, "Hampshire", with "Lively" and "Valeur", cornered the King's frigate "Fleur de Lis" in Freshwater Bay, a little to leeward of Port-de-Paix; her crew too set her on fire. "Prince Edward" was armed with 32 guns and had a crew of 180 men under the command of Captain Dubois. "Fleur de Lis" was also armed with 32 guns, and had a crew of 190 men under the command of Captain Diguarty. The merchant frigate "Duc de Choiseul", of 32 guns and 180 men under the command of Captain Bellevan, escaped into Port-de-Paix. The two merchant frigates carried cargoes of sugar and indigo.
"Hampshire" served until being broken up in 1766.
Footnotes.
Notes
Citations

</doc>
<doc id="18785548" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18785548" title="Deleni, Iași">
Deleni, Iași

Deleni is a commune in Iaşi County, Romania. It is composed of six villages: Deleni, Feredeni, Leahu-Nacu, Maxut, Poiana and Slobozia.

</doc>
<doc id="18785549" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18785549" title="Dagâța">
Dagâța

Dagâţa is a commune in Iaşi County, Romania. It is composed of eight villages: Băluşeşti, Boatca, Buzdug, Dagâţa, Mănăstirea, Piscu Rusului, Poienile, Tarniţa and Zece Prăjini. The commune had 4809 people at the 2002 census; of these, 89.8% were ethnic Romanian and 10.2% were Roma. 98.9% of inhabitants were Romanian Orthodox.
Zece Prăjini ("Ten Fields"), population 400, is the village from which the Roma brass band Fanfare Ciocărlia work.

</doc>
<doc id="18785550" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18785550" title="Dobrovăț">
Dobrovăț

Dobrovăţ is a commune in Iaşi County, Romania. It is composed of a single village, Dobrovăţ.

</doc>
<doc id="18785551" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18785551" title="Cristești, Iași">
Cristești, Iași

Cristeşti is a commune in Iaşi County, Romania. It is composed of two villages, Cristeşti and Homiţa.

</doc>
<doc id="18785552" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18785552" title="Cozmești, Iași">
Cozmești, Iași

Cozmeşti is a commune in Iaşi County, Romania. It is composed of three villages: Cozmeşti, Podolenii de Jos and Podolenii de Sus.

</doc>
<doc id="18785557" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18785557" title="Woman of Rome">
Woman of Rome

Woman of Rome () is a 1954 Italian drama film directed by Luigi Zampa and starring Gina Lollobrigida.

</doc>
<doc id="18785567" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18785567" title="Who Done It? (1956 film)">
Who Done It? (1956 film)

Who Done It? is a 1956 British comedy film starring comedian Benny Hill.
Plot.
Hugo Dill (Hill) is a hapless detective in pursuit of Eastern Bloc spies. 

</doc>
<doc id="18785582" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18785582" title="Cathedral Park">
Cathedral Park

Cathedral Park may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18785586" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18785586" title="HMS Leopard (1741)">
HMS Leopard (1741)

HMS "Leopard" was a 50-gun fourth rate ship of the line of the Royal Navy, built according to the 1733 proposals of the 1719 Establishment at Blackwall Yard, and launched on 30 October 1741.
"Leopard" was broken up in 1761.

</doc>
<doc id="18785593" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18785593" title="Il giuramento">
Il giuramento

Il giuramento ("The Oath") is an opera in three acts by the Italian composer Saverio Mercadante. The libretto, by Gaetano Rossi, is based on Victor Hugo's play "Angélo, tyran de Padoue". (This is the same source as Arrigo Boito, under the pseudonym of Tobia Gorrio, was to use for his libretto for Amilcare Ponchielli's "La Gioconda").
The opera was first performed at La Scala, Milan on 11 March 1837 and was "quickly taken up by other theatres throughout Italy". Within a year, it was staged in Vienna (April 1838) and later appeared in many European cities including London (June 1840) and Paris (1858) and in New York (February 1848).
As has been noted by Colleen Fay that there were elements in this opera that moved Italian opera in a new direction:
Performance history.
19th century
After the mid-19th century the opera dropped in popularity and by 1900 it had "virtually disappeared". It has been noted that, before 1900, the opera received 400 performances and Mercadante's "La vestale" 150 performances compared to the combined total of approximately 90 performances for Verdi's "Giovanna d'Arco", "Don Carlo" (in all its versions), and "Aroldo".
20th century and beyond
Occasional performances have been given in modern times, beginning with revivals in the 1950s. The opera was presented at the Festival dei Due Mondi in Spoleto in June 1970 with Thomas Schippers conducting. German conductor Gerd Albrecht gave a concert performance in Berlin in 1974 and three further performances in 1979, one of which was recorded. It was also given at the Festival della Valle d'Itria in Martina Franca, Italy in the summer of 1984, conducted by Bruno Campanella; this too was recorded and made available on CD. There were four staged performances given by the Angers-Nantes Opéra in France in November 1993, conducted by Giuliano Carella. It was also performed at the Wexford Festival Opera in December 2002 under Paolo Arrivabeni. The Washington Concert Opera in the US capital presented a concert version in May 2009 with Antony Walker conducting.
Synopsis.
Setting: Syracuse<br>
Time: 14th century
Act 1.
Bianca has been married against her will to Count Manfredo, although she is secretly in love with an unknown knight. Elaisa, a young woman in search of the daughter of her benefactor, and Viscardo arrive in the city. The disgraced courtier Brunoro discovers that Viscardo is the knight loved by Bianca. He tells Elaisa in order to make her jealous but she finds out that Bianca was the very woman she had been looking for.
Act 2.
The count suspects Bianca of infidelity and locks her in the family tomb, intending to poison her. But Elaisa, who is loved by the count, manages to substitute a strong narcotic for the poison.
Act 3.
Viscardo believes that Elaisa is responsible for Bianca's death and stabs her just as Bianca wakes from her deep sleep.
References.
Notes
Sources

</doc>
<doc id="18785600" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18785600" title="The Love Lottery">
The Love Lottery

The Love Lottery (1954) is an Ealing Studios comedy film, directed by Charles Crichton and starring David Niven. The film examines celebrity and fan worship with an international setting including Lake Como, ambitious dream sequences, and a cameo appearance by Humphrey Bogart.
Plot.
A celluloid heart-throb, who is haunted by dreams and hounded by fans, is coerced into taking part in a lottery to find a wife.

</doc>
<doc id="18785606" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18785606" title="Oțeleni">
Oțeleni

Oţeleni () is a commune in Iaşi County, Romania. It is composed of two villages, Hândreşti and Oţeleni.
At the 2002 census, 99.9% of inhabitants were ethnic Romanians. 58.4% were Roman Catholic, 41.2% Romanian Orthodox and 0.3% Pentecostal.

</doc>
<doc id="18785607" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18785607" title="HMS Nonsuch (1741)">
HMS Nonsuch (1741)

HMS "Nonsuch" was a 50-gun fourth rate ship of the line of the Royal Navy, built to the 1733 proposals of the 1719 Establishment at Rotherhithe, and launched on 29 December 1741.
"Nonsuch" served until 1766, when she was broken up.

</doc>
<doc id="18785618" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18785618" title="Musäus">
Musäus

Musäus is a German surname derived from the Greek Musaeus.
People named Musäus include:

</doc>
<doc id="18785623" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18785623" title="Another Shore">
Another Shore

Another Shore is a 1948 Ealing Studios comedy film/tragedy filmed in Ireland. It stars Robert Beatty as Gulliver Shields, an Irish customs official who dreams of living on a South Sea island; particularly Rarotonga. It is based on the book by Justice Kenneth Reddin.
Robert Beatty was a Canadian actor who had a major success playing an IRA man in "Odd Man Out".
Synopsis.
Gulliver leaves his job in Dublin to sit on a park bench waiting for an elderly person to faint that in his mind, he will rescue and they will reward him with an amount of money to get him to the South Seas. He meets Jennifer, a society playgirl who is fascinated by Gulliver's indifference to her. The day of destiny comes when he has to choose between his dreams and Jennifer. 

</doc>
<doc id="18785624" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18785624" title="Moțca">
Moțca

Moţca is a commune in Iaşi County, Romania. It is composed of two villages, Boureni and Moţca.

</doc>
<doc id="18785626" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18785626" title="Miroslava, Iași">
Miroslava, Iași

Miroslava is a commune in Iaşi County, Romania, part of the Iaşi metropolitan area. It is composed of thirteen villages: Balciu, Brătuleni, Ciurbeşti, Corneşti, Dancaş, Găureni, Horpaz, Miroslava, Proselnici, Uricani, Valea Adâncă, Valea Ursului and Voroveşti.
Uricani transmitter.
At Uricani, there is a mediumwave transmitter, which transmits on 1053 kHz with a power of 1000 kW. It is one of the most powerful transmitters in Romania and uses two guyed masts insulated against ground with a height of 165 metres as antenna.

</doc>
<doc id="18785628" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18785628" title="Horlești">
Horlești

Horleşti () is a commune in Iaşi County, Romania. It is composed of three villages: Bogdăneşti, Horleşti and Scoposeni.
At the 2002 census, 100% of inhabitants were ethnic Romanians. 60.4% were Romanian Orthodox, 39% Roman Catholic and 0.6% Seventh-day Adventist.

</doc>
<doc id="18785629" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18785629" title="John Mayer 2008 Summer Tour">
John Mayer 2008 Summer Tour

The John Mayer 2008 Summer Tour is a concert tour by musician John Mayer to support his third album, "Continuum". The tour has been heavily covered by tabloids due to Mayer's relationship with Jennifer Aniston.
Support acts.
The support acts for the tour are:
Setlist.
"Encore"

</doc>
<doc id="18785630" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18785630" title="Heleșteni">
Heleșteni

Heleşteni is a commune in Iaşi County, Romania. It is composed of four villages: Hărmăneasa, Heleşteni, Movileni and Oboroceni.

</doc>
<doc id="18785633" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18785633" title="Amiga video connector">
Amiga video connector

The Amiga video connector is used on all Commodore Amiga computers. The DB23 has signals for genlocking, RGB analog video (4096 colours), and a digital Red-Green-Blue-Intensity signal (16 colours).
The refresh frequency is 15 or 75 kHz HSync for standard Amiga video modes. This is not compatible with most VGA monitors. A Multisync monitor is required for some higher resolutions.
The Commodore A520 RF modulator connects to the video port and outputs composite video and RF video.

</doc>
<doc id="18785635" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18785635" title="Ion Neculce, Iași">
Ion Neculce, Iași

Ion Neculce is a commune in Iaşi County, Romania. It is composed of six villages: Buznea, Dădeşti, Găneşti, Ion Neculce, Prigoreni and Războieni. These belonged to Târgu Frumos town until 2004, when they were split off to form a separate commune.

</doc>
<doc id="18785641" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18785641" title="Lețcani">
Lețcani

Leţcani is a commune in Iaşi County, Romania, part of the Iaşi metropolitan area. It is composed of four villages: Bogonos, Cogeasca, Cucuteni and Leţcani.
Among historians and archaeologists, Leţcani is famous as the place where one of the very few known Gothic runic inscriptions was found, on a spindle whorl dated to the 4th century.

</doc>
<doc id="18785643" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18785643" title="HMS Sutherland (1741)">
HMS Sutherland (1741)

HMS "Sutherland" was a 50-gun fourth rate ship of the line of the Royal Navy, built at Rotherhithe according to the dimensions laid out in the 1733 proposals of the 1719 Establishment, and launched on 15 October 1741.
"Sutherland" was sold out of the navy in 1770.

</doc>
<doc id="18785646" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18785646" title="Mădârjac">
Mădârjac

Mădârjac is a commune in Iaşi County, Romania. It is composed of three villages: Bojila, Frumuşica and Mădârjac.

</doc>
<doc id="18785650" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18785650" title="Mircești">
Mircești

Mirceşti is a commune in Iaşi County, Romania. It is composed of two villages, Iugani and Mirceşti. It also included the villages of Izvoarele, Răchiteni and Ursăreşti until 2004, when these were split off to form Răchiteni Commune.

</doc>
<doc id="18785655" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18785655" title="Miroslovești">
Miroslovești

Mirosloveşti is a commune in Iaşi County, Romania. It is composed of four villages: Mirosloveşti, Miteşti, Soci and Verşeni. Ciohorăni was also part of Mirosloveşti until 2005, when it split away to form a separate commune.

</doc>
<doc id="18785657" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18785657" title="Mogoșești">
Mogoșești

Mogoşeşti, also known as "Mogoşeşti-Iaşi", is a commune in Iaşi County, Romania. It is composed of four villages: Budeşti, Hadâmbu, Mânjeşti and Mogoşeşti.

</doc>
<doc id="18785659" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18785659" title="Suplatast tosilate">
Suplatast tosilate

Suplatast tosilate (INN) is a Th2 cytokine inhibitor which is used as an antiallergic drug. Often used in the treatment of Kimura's disease 

</doc>
<doc id="18785663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18785663" title="Mogoșești-Siret">
Mogoșești-Siret

Mogoşeşti-Siret is a commune in Iaşi County, Romania. It is composed of three villages: Mogoşeşti-Siret, Muncelu de Sus and Tudor Vladimirescu.

</doc>
<doc id="18785667" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18785667" title="Moșna, Iași">
Moșna, Iași

Moşna is a commune in Iaşi County, Romania. It is composed of a single village, Moşna.

</doc>
<doc id="18785672" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18785672" title="Okinori Kaya">
Okinori Kaya

In his obituary, "Time" magazine quoted Kaya as saying that "communism means only a dog's life".

</doc>
<doc id="18785681" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18785681" title="The Art of Getting Along">
The Art of Getting Along

The Art of Getting Along () is a 1954 comedy film directed by Luigi Zampa and starring Alberto Sordi.

</doc>
<doc id="18785686" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18785686" title="Vilicus">
Vilicus

Vilicus (Greek, ἐπίτροπος), was a slave who had the superintendence of the villa rustica, and of all the business of the farm, except the cattle, which were under the care of the magister pecoris. The duties of the vilicus were to obey his master implicitly, and to govern the other slaves with moderation, never to leave the villa except to go on market, to have no intercourse with soothsayers, to take care of the cattle and the implements of husbandry, and to manage all the operations of the farm villa. His duties and those of his wife (the vilica) are described by Columella (I.8, XI.1, and XII.1), and by Cato (cxlii-cxliii, focusing on the vilica).
The word was also used to describe a person to whom the management of any business was entrusted (see the passage quoted in Forcellini's Lexicon)

</doc>
<doc id="18785689" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18785689" title="Projectproject">
Projectproject

PROJECTproject is a Toronto-based company that has produced improvised theatre, comedy and performance events since June 2007. In addition to their regular shows, the company is also responsible for the PROJECTproject COMBUSTIONfestival featuring collaborations with performers from across North America, held in May. 
PROJECTproject’s weekly show features a variety of improv formats and concepts. Generally, each show features one or two short showcase slots (sometimes called “mixers”) and one soloset (wherein an improviser takes to the stage by themselves) followed by a rotating series of longer or more involved projects in the second half of the show, usually prominently featuring the company’s core cast of 5 improvisers. PROJECTproject shows are characterized by a casual party atmosphere and a willingness by performers to collaborate and work outside of their comfort zones.
Weekly show and venues.
From September 2007 to May 2008, PROJECTproject produced a weekly Wednesday-night show at a tiny underground venue in Toronto’s Parkdale neighbourhood called Unit 102, described as “the sort of place where the French Resistance would hide out”. What was originally intended as a 5-week preview run at Unit 102 turned into a 
37-week stint as the company waited for their new venue to be built.
Following their inaugural PROJECTproject COMBUSTIONfestival in May 2008, the company took up residence at Comedy Bar – a comedy venue owned by Gary Rideout Jr. of The Sketchersons (with business partner James Elksnitis). In March 2009, PROJECTproject returned their weekly show to Unit 102, but still mounted the 2009 PROJECTproject COMBUSTIONfestival at Comedy Bar. In September 2009, the company began an occasional (almost monthly) residency at Bread & Circus in Toronto's Kensington Market, in addition to their weekly shows at Unit 102.
Combustion Festival.
In the last week of May, PROJECTproject hosts a festival of improvised and interdisciplinary collaborations with improvisers and artists from across North America. The festival features 5 programs, each loosely inspired by a method of combustion: 
2008.
Festival artwork by Joe Sciglitano (Australia).
2009.
Festival artwork by Jon Blair (Toronto).
Festival photography by Shauna Jean Doherty & Stephanie Marie Tonietto (Toronto).
2010.
Festival artwork by Ehren Salazar (Vancouver).
Festival photography by Kate Millet, Mandy Sellers, Shauna Jean Doherty & Stephanie Marie Tonietto (Toronto).
Performers.
Guests.
Pat Thornton, Gary Rideout Jr., Norm Sousa, Craig Brown, Cole Osborne, Rob Baker, Aurora Browne, Caitlin Howden, Jan Caruana, Lauren Ash, James Gangl, Lisa Merchant, Kris Siddiqi, Daryn McIntyre, Peter Stevens, Claire Salloum, Georgea Brooks-Hancock, Alice Moran, Liz White, Mack Lawrenz, Rob Baker, Chris Tindal, Sarah Hennessey, Deborah Etta Robinson, Brian Barlow, Carmine Lucarelli, Kevin Gillese, Michal Grajewski, Katie Bowes, Arlen Konopaki, Kjartan Hewitt, Chris Craddock, Sandra Battaglini, Rebecca Addelman, Kristen MacGregor, Tal Zimmerman, Steph “Tony” Tonietto, Simon Pond, Dave Morris, Aaron Read, Andrew Chen, Mark Little, Andrew Bush, Dan Jeannotte, Anders Yates, Matt Goldberg, Taz VanRassel, Eric Hart, Rob Norman, Andy Hull, Steve Oke, Brian Cook, Jeff McEnery, Dave Melenchuk, Matt Duncan, Adam Kennedy, Meags Fitzgerald, Fraz Weist, Ian Rowe, Steph Tolev, Allison Hogg, Ian MacIntyre, Lisa Farlow, Megan Fraser, Renna Reddie, Mark Cotoia, Kevin Patrick Robbins, Julia Lane, Rob Chodos, Brad Sayeau, Laura Cilevitz, Adam Ward, Steve Hobbs, Sean Magee, Wayne Molinski, Kevin Williams, Isaac Kessler, Michael Balazo Luis Fernandes & more.

</doc>
<doc id="18785730" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18785730" title="USS Camanga (AG-42)">
USS Camanga (AG-42)

USS "Camanga" (AG-42) – also known as USS "Point Bonita" (ID-3496) – was a commercial cargo ship acquired by the U.S. Navy for service during both World War I, when she was known as USS "Point Bonita", and in World War II, when she was known as USS "Camanga".
Constructed in Oregon.
"Camanga" (AG-42) was built as "Point Bonita" in 1918 by Albina Engine and Machine Works, Portland, Oregon; acquired as "Oliver Olson" 25 April 1942 from the War Shipping Administration; and commissioned the same day, Lieutenant R. M. Baughman, USNR, in command.
World War II service.
Illustrating graphically the need for all available shipping in meeting the Navy's enormous logistic assignment in the Pacific Ocean, "Camanga", already 24 years old, sailed from Pearl Harbor 1 June 1942 for Pago Pago, Samoa, where she took up duty carrying cargo and fuel drums between the Samoan and Ellice Islands. 
After overhaul at San Francisco, California, between 30 March and 6 June 1943, "Camanga" returned to Noumea for operations throughout the South Pacific Ocean. She continued this essential back-area support of fleet operations from Guadalcanal to the islands of the Bismarck Archipelago between April and October 1944, returning then to base at Nouméa. 
An overhaul at Auckland, New Zealand, from November 1944 to January 1945 was the only further interruption to her busy schedule in the New Caledonia area until 1 October 1945 when she cleared for the U.S. West Coast.
Post-war decommissioning.
"Camanga" was decommissioned at San Francisco, California, 10 December 1945 and returned to the War Shipping Administration the same day.
Wreck.
After decommissioning, the ship was reacquired by the Oliver J. Olson Steamship Company. She returned to her former name, "Oliver Olson", and was employed in the transportation of lumber. On 3 November 1953, she ran aground at the entrance to Bandon harbor in Oregon, becoming stuck on Coquille River's south jetty. The 29 members of crew were rescued, but the ship was declared a total loss and offered for sale to the scrap industry. The wreck was only partially salvaged, however, and what remained of the hull was eventually filled with rocks to form an extension of the jetty. The ship can still be seen today at low tide.

</doc>
<doc id="18785752" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18785752" title="David Solomon Abwo">
David Solomon Abwo

David Solomon Abwo (born May 10, 1986 in Jos) is a Nigerian footballer who currently plays for Zagłębie Lubin.
Career.
Club.
In December 2010, he was loaned to Polish club Zagłębie Lubin on half-year deal.

</doc>
<doc id="18785756" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18785756" title="Digital planar holography">
Digital planar holography

Digital Planar Holography (DPH) is a new technology, developed recently, circa 2003, for fabricating miniature components for integrated optics. The essence of the DPH technology is embedding digital holograms, calculated in a computer, inside a planar waveguide. This allows for light propagation in the hologram plane rather than in the perpendicular direction and results in a long interaction path. Benefits of a long interaction path are well known for volume/thick holograms. On the other hand planar configuration provides easy access to the surface, where the hologram should be embedded.
As it is well known, light can be confined in waveguides by a refractive index gradient. Light propagates in a core layer, surrounded with a cladding layer(s), which should be selected the core refractive index "N"core is greater than that of cladding "N"clad: "N"core> "N"clad. Cylindrical waveguides (optical fibers) allow for one-dimensional light propagation along the axis. Planar waveguides, fabricated by sequential depositing flat layers of transparent materials with a proper refractive index gradient on a standard wafer, confine light in one direction (axis z) and permit free propagation in two others (axes x and y).
Light waves, propagating in the core, infiltrate both cladding layers to a small degree. If the refractive index is modulated in the wave path, light of each given wavelength can be directed to a desirable point.<br>
The DPH technology, or Yankov hologram, comprises design and fabrication of the holographic nano-structures inside a planar waveguide, providing light processing and control. There are many ways of modulating the core refractive index, the simplest of which is engraving the required pattern by nanolithography means. The modulation is created by embedding a digital hologram on the lower or upper core surface or on the both of them. According to NOD statement, standard lithographical processes can be used, making mass production straightforward and inexpensive. Nanoimprinting could be another viable method of fabricating DPH patterns.<br>
Each DPH pattern is customized for a given application and computer-generated. It consists of numerous nano-grooves, each ~100 nm wide, positioned in a way, providing maximum efficiency for a specific application. <br>
The devices are fabricated on standard wafers; one of typical devices is presented below (from the NOD web site). While the total number of nano-grooves is huge (≥106), a typical device size of DPH devices is on the millimeter scale.<br>
Nano-Optic Devices, LLC (NOD) developed the DPH technology and applied it for fabricating Nano-Spectrometers and Optical Interconnects. There are additional numerous applications for the DPH in integrated optics.<br>
The pictures below from the NOD web site demonstrate a DPH structure (left) and a nano-spectrometer hologram for the visible band (right).

</doc>
<doc id="18785769" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18785769" title="Sitovo, Silistra Province">
Sitovo, Silistra Province

Sitovo (, pronounced ) is a village in northeastern Bulgaria, part of Silistra Province. It is the administrative centre of Sitovo Municipality, which lies in the central part of Silistra Province, 25 kilometres west of the provincial capital of Silistra, in the historical region of Southern Dobruja. Sitovo's old name was "Doymuşlar" (Turkish) or "Doimuşlar" (Romanian).
Municipality.
Sitovo municipality covers an area of 271 square kilometres and includes the following 12 places:

</doc>
<doc id="18785772" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18785772" title="Dre discography">
Dre discography

This is the discography of the producer/rapper Dre.

</doc>
<doc id="18785783" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18785783" title="Sitovo">
Sitovo

Sitovo (, pronounced ) may refer to the following Bulgarian villages:

</doc>
<doc id="18785790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18785790" title="Girls of Today">
Girls of Today

Girls of Today () is a 1955 Italian comedy film directed by Luigi Zampa and starring Marisa Allasio.

</doc>
<doc id="18785795" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18785795" title="Quilchena, British Columbia">
Quilchena, British Columbia

Quilchena is an unincorporated community located on the south shore of Nicola Lake near the city of Merritt, British Columbia, Canada in that province's Nicola Country region. On the former main route between Merritt and Kamloops, it is now largely bypassed since the construction of the Coquihalla Highway. A heritage hotel is the main landmark, lately transformed into a small golf resort.

</doc>
<doc id="18785802" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18785802" title="Prandtl–Glauert transformation">
Prandtl–Glauert transformation

The Prandtl–Glauert transformation is a mathematical technique which allows solving certain compressible flow problems by incompressible-flow calculation methods. It also allows applying incompressible-flow data to compressible-flow cases.
Mathematical formulation.
Inviscid compressible flow over slender bodies is governed by linearized compressible small-disturbance potential equation:
formula_1
where formula_2 is the freestream Mach number, and formula_3 is the perturbation potential. The total velocity is given by its gradient plus the freestream velocity along x.
formula_4
The above formulation is valid only if the small-disturbance approximation applies
formula_5
and in addition that there is no transonic flow, approximately stated by the requirement that the local Mach number not exceed unity.
formula_6
The Prandtl-Glauert (PG) transformation uses the Prandtl-Glauert Factor
formula_7. It consists of scaling down all y and z dimensions and angle of attack by the factor of formula_8, and the potential by formula_9.
formula_10
The small-disturbance potential equation then transforms to the Laplace equation
formula_11
which can be solved by incompressible methods, such as thin airfoil theory, vortex lattice methods, panel methods, etc. The physical linearized pressure coefficient is then obtained by the inverse transformation
formula_12
which is known as Göthert's Rule 
Results.
For two-dimensional flow, the net result is that the formula_13 and also the lift and moment coefficients formula_14 are increased by the factor formula_15 over the incompressible-flow values:
where formula_17 are the incompressible-flow values. This 2D-only result is known as the Prandtl Rule.
For three-dimensional flows, these simple formula_15 scalings do NOT apply. Instead, it is necessary to scale the xyz geometry as given above, and use the Göthert's Rule to compute the formula_13 and subsequently the forces and moments. No simple results are possible, except in special cases. For example, using Lifting-Line Theory for a flat elliptical wing, the lift coefficient is
where "AR" is the wing's aspect ratio. Note that in the 2D case where "AR" → ∞ this reduces to the 2D case, since in incompressible 2D flow for a flat airfoil we have formula_21, as given by Thin airfoil theory.
Limitations.
The PG transformation works well for all freestream Mach numbers up 0.7 or so, or once transonic flow starts to appear.
History.
Ludwig Prandtl had been teaching this transformation in his lectures for a while, however the first publication was in 1928 by Hermann Glauert. The introduction of this relation allowed the design of aircraft which were able to operate in higher subsonic speed areas. Originally all these results were developed for 2D flow. B.H. Göthert then pointed out that the geometry distortion of the PG transformation renders the simple 2D Prandtl Rule invalid for 3D, and properly stated the full 3D problem as described above.
The PG transformation was extended by Jakob Ackeret to supersonic-freestream flows. Like for the subsonic case, the supersonic case is valid only if there are no transonic effect, which requires that the body be slender and the freestream Mach is sufficiently far above unity.
Singularity.
Near the sonic speed formula_22 the PG transformation features a singularity. The singularity is also called the Prandtl–Glauert singularity, and the flow resistance is calculated to approach infinity. In reality aerodynamic and thermodynamic perturbations get amplified strongly near the sonic speed, but a singularity does not occur. An explanation for this is that the linearized small-disturbance potential equation above is not valid, since it is missing certain nonlinear terms which become essential near formula_22. 
The more correct nonlinear equation does not exhibit the singularity.

</doc>
<doc id="18785808" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18785808" title="Special Operations Division (Bundeswehr)">
Special Operations Division (Bundeswehr)

The Special Operations Division (Division Spezielle Operationen) is an airborne division of the German Army. Its staff is based at Stadtallendorf. The structure and tasks of this division are unique within the modern German military. Division Special Operations was created as 1st Airborne Division ("1. Luftlandedivision") in 1956 and reflagged twice in 1994 and 2001 as Airmobile Forces Command/4th Division ("Kommando Luftbewegliche Kräfte/4. Division") and eventually as Special Operations Division. The division leads three combat brigades and divisionary troops, all of which are fully air-mobile. 
Troops of this division or its respective predecessors have taken part in all overseas deployments of the German Army and were largely involved in their preparation. It is the most combat-proven unit of the German military.
History.
Created in 1956, 1st Airborne Division's main tasks were to act as the backbone of counterattacks behind the enemy lines of the Warsaw Pact and to respond to hostile breaks through allied front lines. The very first commanders of this unit were illustrious paratrooper generals such as Bern von Baer and Hans Kroh, both recipients of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross. The 1st Airborne Division existed throughout the Cold War and was disbanded in 1994. The capability for air-transportable forces was eventually replaced by Airmobile Forces Command/4th Division, a division-sized formation the duties of which shifted to more complex scenarios of current days. 
This happened mainly in view of two incidents in 1994 and 1997 where German citizens had to be rescued from Rwanda and Albania, once even by foreign troops as the German military lacked of adequate forces to carry out evacuation operations on their own. One of the three existing brigades (Airborne Brigade 25 "Black Forest") was drawn on to provide the headquarters for the German Army's new special forces unit, the Special Forces Command. 
The first overseas deployment of this division took place in 1961 when its troops rendered humanitarian assistance to Morocco after a devastating earthquake. From there on 1st Airborne Division or its successors deployed troops to Somalia, Croatia, Albania, Bosnia, Kosovo, Afghanistan and Congo. The paratroopers saw extensive action in Afghanistan. With four of the nation's highest awards for gallantry—among others—having been awarded to its members, the division's Paratrooper Battalion 263 is the most decorated unit of the German Army.

</doc>
<doc id="18785810" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18785810" title="Ziv Better">
Ziv Better

Ziv Better () is an Israeli swimmer.
Better was born in Kibbutz Lehavot HaBashan. During his military service with the IDF he served as an officer in Golani Brigade. Better was injured by a mine while attempting to rescue one of his soldiers, Doron Shaziri, while fighting in the Lebanon War. As a result of his injury he was blinded in his left eye and lost approximately 90% of his vision in his right eye. Shortly thereafter, he started swimming and soon, reached a competitive level.
By 2004, Better had participated in 8 European championships, 4 world championships and 4 Paralympic Games. At the 1992 Summer Paralympics in Barcelona he won two silver medals and two bronze medals and in the 1996 Summer Paralympics he won 3 bronze medals. He has competed in a total of five Summer Paralympics, from 1992 to 2008.
Better works as a Systems Analyst, is married and a father of three.

</doc>
<doc id="18785819" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18785819" title="Lupo (surname)">
Lupo (surname)

Lupo is a surname of Italian origin, meaning "wolf", which is derived from the Latin "lupus". Its Spanish equivalent is "López", its Portuguese equivalent is "Lopes", its French equivalent is "Loup", and its Romanian equivalent is "Lupu" or "Lupescu".
The name may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18785828" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18785828" title="Hermann Vogel (German illustrator)">
Hermann Vogel (German illustrator)

Hermann Vogel (16 October 1854 – 22 February 1921) was a German illustrator.
Vogel was born in Plauen, Kingdom of Saxony, as the son of a master builder. From 1874–75 he studied at the art academy of Dresden.
Vogel worked for the publishing company Braun & Schneider and was a founding member of the Deutsche
Kunstgesellschaft (German art association) and contributed to Julius Lohmeyer's journal "Die deutsche Jugend" and the weekly periodical "Fliegende Blätter". Vogel early followed the Nazarene movement, while his later material was in the Biedermeier style.
Illustrations by Vogel appeared in an 1881 publication of "Auserwählte Märchen" by Hans Christian Andersen, in an 1887 publication of the fairy tales of Johann Karl August Musäus, and in 1891 in "Die Nibelungen" by Gustav Schalk. From 1896–99 Vogel's works were collected into two volumes. Volumes 3 and 4 appeared in 1903 and 908, respectively. He illustrated an edition of "Bluebeard" in 1887, "The Juniper Tree" in 1893 and of "Hansel and Gretel" in 1894 Vogel died in Krebes in Saxony.

</doc>
<doc id="18785829" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18785829" title="Non-food item">
Non-food item

Non-food items (NFIs) are items other than food. The term is especially used in humanitarian contexts, when providing NFIs to those affected by natural disasters or war may be a life-saving priority. Typically, they include essential household items such as blankets, plastic sheets, buckets and other containers for water, cooking items and soap.

</doc>
<doc id="18785835" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18785835" title="Reformation in Denmark–Norway and Holstein">
Reformation in Denmark–Norway and Holstein

The Reformation in Denmark–Norway and Holstein was the transition from Roman Catholicism to Lutheranism in the realms ruled by the Copenhagen-based House of Oldenburg in the first half of the sixteenth century. After the break-up of the Kalmar Union in 1521/1523, these realms included the kingdoms of Denmark and Norway and the Duchies of Schleswig (a Danish fief) and Holstein (a German fief), whereby Denmark extended over today's Denmark, Iceland, Greenland, Faroe islands, Skåneland and Gotland in Sweden, and Øsel (Saaremaa) in Estonia.
The Protestant Reformation was initiated by Martin Luther's 95 theses in 1517, and reached Holstein and Denmark in the 1520s. Lutheran protagonists like Hans Tausen gained considerable support in the population and from Christian II, and though the latter's successor Frederick I officially condemned the reformatory ideas, he tolerated their spread. His son Christian III officially introduced Lutheranism into his possessions in 1528, and on becoming king in 1536 after the Count's War, Lutheranism became official in all of Denmark-Norway. The Catholic bishops were removed and arrested, and the church was reorganized based on Lutheran church orders drawn under the aegis of Luther's friend Johannes Bugenhagen in 1537 (Denmark-Norway) and 1542 (Holstein).
The Lutheran order established during the Protestant reformation is the common root of the Church of Denmark, the Church of Norway, the Church of Iceland and the Church of the Faroe Islands. It also triggered Denmark's unsuccessful involvement in the Thirty Years' War under Christian IV, who led the defense of a Protestant coalition against the Catholic League's Counter-Reformation.
Spread of reformatory ideas.
Already in 1525, Hans Tausen, a monk from the monastery of Antvorskov, had begun preaching Lutheran doctrines in Viborg. In the years hereafter, the Lutheran movement began spreading throughout the country, and although King Frederick I had pledged in his "håndfæstning" ('charter') to fight against Lutheranism, he nevertheless issued an edict to the citizens of Viborg in 1526, obliging them to protect Hans Tausen.
The Lutheran movement had its origins in Germany, where Martin Luther started the Protestant Reformation when he published his 95 theses in 1517. The movement quickly gained great influence in Denmark, although humanists like Poul Helgesen long tried to maintain a reform movement within the Roman Catholic Church instead of abolishing it altogether as the Lutherans would.
During the first years of the 1530s, the King's passivity encouraged the people to attack monasteries and churches. Former King Christian II who had lived in exile since 1526 took advantage of the unrest and issued propaganda writings, agitating for himself and the new Lutheran doctrine. When Frederick I died in 1533, the Council of the Realm could not come to an agreement on who should be the new king. A Roman Catholic majority preferred Frederick's 12-year-old son Hans while a minority supported Hans' half-brother Christian who as duke of Slesvig and Holsten had introduced Lutheranism there during the 1520s.
The election of a new king was postponed for a year due to the disagreement. In the mean time, the Council of the Realm governed the country, allowing the bishops to decide what could be preached in their respective dioceses. Moreover, Hans Tausen was accused of heresy and banished from Zealand but the bishop of Roskilde called him back after only one month. Discontent with the nobility taking over control of the country through the Council made citizens from Malmø and Copenhagen along with peasants, especially from northern Jutland, rally around exiled King Christian II.
The Council had furthermore decided to join a Netherlandic-Slesvigian-Holsatian alliance instead of Lübeck which by Mayor Jürgen Wullenwever had also been represented at the Council's meeting.
Election of Christian III and Count's Feud.
In January 1534, the city government of Malmø led by Mayor Jørgen Kock refused to comply with an order from the bishop of Lund to expel the Lutheran preachers. Malmø had already for long been a centre of Evangelical activities and responded to the order by occupying Malmø Castle and arresting the overlord. In May, this rebellion was followed up by the German Count Christopher of Oldenburg attacking Holsten. He had been hired by Koch of Malmø and Wullenwever of Lübeck to conquer Denmark, officially in order to restore King Christian II. Count Christopher's participation in the following two years of civil war named it "The Count's Feud." The Count's main objective was not Holsten but Zealand where he sailed and he quickly gained control of all Danish territory east of the Great Belt.
On 4 July 1534 representatives of Jutlandic nobility and councillors met in Rye in eastern Jutland. Here the lesser nobility forced the bishops to nominate the Lutheran Christian, Duke of Slesvig and Holsten to the kingship. When the nobility of Funen joined them, Christian agreed and homage was paid to him as King Christian III on 18 August that year in Horsens.
After both Funen and Jutland had rebelled and Sweden and Prussia had become involved in the war in Scania, Lübeck withdrew from the struggle in January 1536, and on 6 April, Malmø surrendered, though without losing either privileges or Evangelical doctrine. After the population had starved for months, Copenhagen gave up too and Mayor Ambrosius Bogbinder committed suicide. Like Malmø, Copenhagen did not lose its privileges either and the rebels were granted an amnesty.
The Reformation.
Christian III marched into Copenhagen on 6 August 1536 and six days later he carried out a coup. The three bishops who dwelt in Copenhagen were arrested and the rest were tracked down and likewise arrested. The official reason was their hesitation to elect Christian as king and other alleged criminal acts. The real reason was, however, that Christian wanted to kill two birds with one stone: carrying through a Lutheran Reformation and confiscating the bishops' properties, the profits from which was needed to cover the expenses of the recently ended civil war.
Before Christian III came to power in all Denmark-Norway after the Count's War, he had already implemented the Protestant Reformation in his realms Haderslev (Hadersleben) and Tørning (Tørninglen, Törninglehn), two domains in southern Jutland which he had received in 1524. A convinced Lutheran since his encounter with Luther at the Diet of Worms in 1521, Christian III introduced a Lutheran church order in his domains in 1528, laid out in the twenty-two "Haderslev articles". In 1536, he wanted to implement a similar order for the whole kingdom. The Haderslev articles had already introduced the office of a superintendent, and the arrest of the bishops – who had not supported his election and neither were willing to bear any of his war costs – made way to the assignment of Lutheran superintendents in all of Denmark-Norway.
After the coup, Christian III had contacted Martin Luther and Johannes Bugenhagen, whom he had first met in 1529 – both congratulated the king. His subsequent request to John Frederick I, Elector of Saxony to immediately deploy Melanchton or Bugenhagen to Denmark was denied, but the elector was willing to do so once a rough draft of a Danish Lutheran church order had been provided by Danish theologians. Christian III could thereby rely on a pool of capable Danish Lutherans who all had studied at the University of Wittenberg, among them were Peder Palladius, Jørgen Sadolin, Hans Tausen and Frans Vormordsen.
A synode was held in Odense where the draft was begun, and the work continued in Haderslev thereafter. The first draft was based primarily on the "Haderslev articles", also on the Saxon script "Unterricht der Visitatoren" ("Visitators' lessons"), on Bugenhagen's "Van menigherleie christliken saken" ("Of several Christian matters"), on the liturgical writings of Luther and Danish liturgical writings. In April 1537, the draft was sent to Wittenberg for approval, whereupon the elector allowed Bugenhagen to depart for Denmark.
After Bugenhagen had revised and amended the draft, it was translated from Latin to Danish and presented to the rigsrådet. After a second revision by Bugenhagen, the church order was completed and signed by Christian III on 2 September 1537 as "Ordinatio ecclesiastica regnorum Daniae et Norwegiae et ducatuum Slesvicencis, Holtsatiae etc. etc." ("Church order of the kingdoms of Denmark and Norway and the duchies of Schleswig and Holstein etc."). In Denmark, seven superintendancies were established, replacing the former bishoprics.
The superintendents were to meet with the king in "synodes", the upper clergy with the superintendents in "landemoders", and the lower with the upper clergy in "kalenters", the king was to have no theological authority besides approving the superintendents, and the superintendents were not to hold fiefs or secular offices – a rule which would not be followed strictly. Likewise, Christian III would often intervene in the church's affairs.
The church order turned against the veneration of saints, fast days, celibacy and everything else that was considered Catholic foolery, and instead it decreed church services to be performed in Danish. Most monks and nuns by far were allowed to stay in their monasteries and convents (except the greyfriars) and the priests were allowed to keep their churches until they died. Only when the last monk or nun had died was the monastery added to the property of the Crown. Thus, in spite of more fierce procedures followed especially by bishop Peder Palladius on Zealand, the Reformation became a relatively bloodless affair in Denmark.
A Danish translation of the Latin "Ordinatio ecclesiastica" was approved by the rigsrådet as a law in 1539. Bugenhagen left Denmark during the same year, but returned in 1542 to mediate negotiations with the gentry of Holstein, who had delayed the implementation of the church order there. On 9 March 1542, the "Schleswig-Holsteinische Kirchenordnung" ("Church order of Schleswig-Holstein") was approved by the Landtag in Rendsburg after a revision by Bugenhagen. Implementation of the church order in Norway proved more difficult, and even more so in Iceland, where it was implemented only in 1552 after the execution of bishop Jon Arason in 1550, and contested by the local population until the seventeenth century.
In addition to working on the Danish church order, Bugenhagen also crowned Christian III and his wife Dorothea with a Lutheran ritual on 12 August 1537, the king's thirty-fourth birthday and the first anniversary of the arrest of the Catholic bishops. The coronation as well as the inauguration of the superintendents, which was also performed by Bugenhagen, took place in "Our Lady's Church" in Copenhagen. Also in 1537, the University of Copenhagen, closed since the Count's War, was modelled by Bugenhagen after Wittenberg was re-opened as a Lutheran university. In 1550, the "Christian III Bible" was first printed, a translation of Luther's Bible by Christiern Pederson on behalf of Christian III. In 1556, Peder Palladius published the "Altar Book", a compendium of Lutheran lithurgy, which however did not become binding in all of Denmark.

</doc>
<doc id="18785848" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18785848" title="Ladro lui, ladra lei">
Ladro lui, ladra lei

Ladro lui, ladra lei is a 1958 Italian comedy film directed by Luigi Zampa and starring Alberto Sordi.

</doc>
<doc id="18785874" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18785874" title="Orazi e Curiazi">
Orazi e Curiazi

Orazi e Curiazi ("The Horatii and the Curiatii") is an opera by the Italian composer Saverio Mercadante. It takes the form of a "tragedia lirica" in three acts. The libretto, by Salvadore Cammarano is based on the Roman legend of the fight between the Horatii and the Curiatii. It was first performed at the Teatro San Carlo, Naples on 10 November 1846.
References.
Notes
Sources

</doc>
<doc id="18785884" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18785884" title="Meriwether Lewis Clark, Sr.">
Meriwether Lewis Clark, Sr.

Meriwether Lewis Clark, Sr. (January 10, 1809 – October 28, 1881) was an architect, civil engineer, politician, and a general in the Confederate Army during the American Civil War. He first served in the Trans-Mississippi Theater as the initial commander of the Ninth Division of the Missouri State Guard and later commanded a brigade in the Army of Northern Virginia under Robert E. Lee during the Siege of Petersburg and Richmond.
Early life and career.
Clark was born in St. Louis, Missouri, the son of Missouri governor and corps of discovery expedition leader, William Clark of Lewis and Clark fame. He was named after his father's friend and associate, Meriwether Lewis. In 1826, he accepted an appointment to the United States Military Academy and graduated 23rd of 42 cadets in the Class of 1830. He was brevetted as a second lieutenant in the 6th U.S. Infantry and assigned to Jefferson Barracks in St. Louis. He served as an officer and mapmaker in the Black Hawk War before resigning from the army in 1833. 
While on assignment in Louisville, Kentucky, Clark met and courted Abigail Prather Churchill, of the prominent Churchill family. They married in January 1834 and raised seven children before her death in 1852. Their son, Meriwether Lewis Clark, Jr., would become a prominent member of Louisville society, promoting horseracing and building, with help from his Churchill relations, the famous racetrack Churchill Downs.
As a designer-architect, M. L. Clark contributed to the early architecture of St. Louis, including the design of St. Vincent de Paul Roman Catholic Church. In 1836, he was elected to the Missouri General Assembly. Four years later, he was named as the city engineer of St. Louis and later was the recorder of the city court.
During the Mexican War in 1846, Clark resumed his military career as a major in the Missouri volunteers, serving as the commander of an artillery battalion. He participated in the battle of Sacramento near Chihuahua city under Colonel Alexander Doniphan on February 28, 1847.
After the Mexican-American War, Clark returned to St. Louis and was the Federal surveyor-general for Missouri and Illinois until 1853.
Civil War service.
In early 1861, Clark, strongly pro-secessionist in his political views, was appointed by Governor Claiborne F. Jackson to organize recruits from the Ninth District of Missouri. He received an appointment as a brigadier general of the Ninth Division of the Missouri State Guard, but the unit was never formally organized during his tenure, partially because of the very strong pro-Union sentiment in St. Louis. Clark resigned from the Guard in November 1861 and was replaced by Daniel M. Frost.
He then accepted a commission as a major of artillery in the Confederate Army. He was promoted to colonel and assigned to various staff positions before a disagreement with General Braxton Bragg led to his dismissal. He then was in charge of the Ordnance Department in Richmond, Virginia, until November 1864 when he assumed command of an infantry brigade in the Army of Northern Virginia under Robert E. Lee. During the Appomattox Campaign, he was taken prisoner at the Battle of Sayler's Creek near Amelia Courthouse, Virginia, on April 5, 1865.
Postbellum career.
After the war, Clark moved to Louisville, Kentucky, and resumed his engineering career. He married Jula Davidson on December 30, 1865. He was the lead architect on the design and construction of several state buildings in Kentucky. He later was the commander of cadets at the Kentucky Military Institute.
Clark died in Frankfort, Kentucky, in 1881. He is buried in Bellefontaine Cemetery in St. Louis, Missouri.

</doc>
<doc id="18785890" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18785890" title="Hans-Thorald Michaelis">
Hans-Thorald Michaelis

Hans-Thorald Michaelis (born April 24, 1925 in Hanover, died December 18, 2004 in Aachen) was a German historian, germanist and genealogist
Life and career.
After his studies in history, germanistics, philosophy and Protestant religion in Frankfurt am Main, Mainz, Göttingen and Marburg he started a career as a grammar school teacher. In 1963 he awarded his doctor in philosophy with the theme: “"Die Grafschaft Büdingen im Feld der Auseinandersetzungen um die religiöse und politische Einheit des Reiches 1517−1555"“ (The County Büdingen in the field of conflicts on religious and political unity of the realm 1515−1555).
Between 1966 and 1971 he was in charge of the constitution and direction of the evening grammar school in Wiesbaden. In these politically turbulent times he very early campaigned for this new German “second-chance or adult education” and for the democratisation in school and along with this the student council too.
Since 1965 until 1973 contemporaneous with the above mentioned function he got involved as an active member in the Wiesbaden Social Democratic Party of Germany (SPD) and he published a work on the history of the 100-year-existence of the party in their festschrift. In 1977 after his activities in the SPD, Michaelis was cofounder of a local political party “Freie Wählergemeinschaft” (FWG) (free voters union) of Wiesbaden and also member in the “"Frankfurt round table"”, a political, economic and liberal club for discussions with very important persons (VIPs).
In context with his long-time work in the Protestant church he campaigned also for the ecumenism of church very soon and took part in 1968 on the 4th plenum of the ecumenical World Council of Churches in Uppsala. In 1976 he joined the club: “Brüderlicher Kreis” (brother circle), a Christian religious open community with Protestant imprint, which has its origin in the confraternity of Baltic States, founded 1926.
After his retirement in 1982 he was engaged in the constitution and management of the archive from the “Deutscher Schützenbund” (German Shooting Sport Federation) in Wiesbaden, which is the head organisation for German Schützenverein. During this time he wrote more than ten papers about the historical background of the German Schützenverein and organised several expositions.
Since his early days Michaelis was interested in genealogy. On the basis of already available information and documents regarding several branches of his family he travelled to different regions of Germany and overseas in order to complete these data. Thus it was possible to generate a databank with more than 10.000 persons of the corresponding families Michaelis, von Boehmer, Von Görschen and Weitbrecht. In context with these searches he published more than 50 essays and papers including their historic circumstances and backgrounds. On the basis of these researches he could prove that all descendants in direct line of his grand-grandmother Mary Barbara Rennie (1836−1920) from the Rennie-Clan of Kilsyth, are also direct descendants from the pilgrims father William Bradford (1590−1657). Therewith the mentioned persons are eligible for membership in the traditional and renowned the Mayflower society based in Plymouth, Massachusetts.

</doc>
<doc id="18785896" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18785896" title="Denmark–United Kingdom relations">
Denmark–United Kingdom relations

British–Danish relations are foreign relations between the United Kingdom and Denmark. The United Kingdom has an embassy in Copenhagen and Denmark has an embassy in London. Both countries are full members of NATO and of the European Union.
History.
Gunboat War.
The long decades of peace came to an abrupt end during the Napoleonic Wars. Britain felt threatened by the Armed Neutrality Treaty of 1794, which originally involved Denmark and Sweden, and later Prussia and Russia. The British fleet attacked Copenhagen in 1801 (Battle of Copenhagen (1801)), destroying much of Denmark's navy. Denmark nonetheless managed to remain uninvolved in the Napoleonic Wars until 1807. The British fleet bombarded Copenhagen again that year, causing considerable destruction to the city. They then captured the entire Danish fleet so that it couldn't be used by France to invade Britain (as the French had lost their own fleet at Trafalgar in 1805), leading to the Gunboat War (1807–1814). The confiscation of the Danish navy was widely criticised in Britain.
In 1809 Danish forces fighting on the French side participated in defeating the anti-Bonapartist German rebellion led by Ferdinand von Schill, at the Battle of Stralsund. By 1813, Denmark could no longer bear the war costs, and the state was bankrupt. When in the same year the Sixth Coalition isolated Denmark by clearing Northern Germany of French forces, Frederick IV had to make peace. Accordingly, the unfavourable Treaty of Kiel was concluded in January 1814 with Sweden and Great Britain, and another peace was signed with Russia in February.
The Treaty of Kiel transferred Heligoland to Great Britain and Norway from the Danish to the Swedish crown, Denmark was to be satisfied with Swedish Pomerania. But the Norwegians revolted, declared their independence, and elected crown-prince Christian Frederick (the future Christian VIII) as their king. However, the Norwegian independence movement failed to attract any support from the European powers. After a brief war with Sweden, Christian had to abdicate in order to preserve Norwegian autonomy, established in a personal union with Sweden. In favour of the Kingdom of Prussia, Denmark renounced her claims to Swedish Pomerania at the Congress of Vienna (1815), and instead was satisfied with the Duchy of Lauenburg and a Prussian payment of 3.5 million talers, also, Prussia took over a Danish 600,000 talers debt to Sweden.
Relations between the two countries were normalised as the nineteenth century progressed and they have remained cordial apart from a brief dispute over the Muller Island territory in 1937.
Cooperation.
Danish forces fought with British forces in operations in Iraq and they continue this cooperation today in Afghanistan. Denmark and United Kingdom work closely together on counter-terrorism issues.
State visits.
HM Queen Margrethe II of Denmark paid state visits to the United Kingdom in April/May 1974, and in February 2000. HM Queen Elizabeth II of the United Kingdom paid state visits to Denmark in May 1957, and in May 1979.
On 19 August 2010, Danish Prime Minister Lars Løkke Rasmussen visited London, to visit British Prime Minister, David Cameron.

</doc>
<doc id="18785897" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18785897" title="Goniopholididae">
Goniopholididae

Goniopholididae is an extinct family of moderate-sized semi-aquatic crocodyliforms similar to living crocodiles. They lived between the Early Jurassic and the Late Cretaceous.
Phylogeny.
The following cladogram simplified after an analysis presented by Marco Brandalise de Andrade and colleagues in 2011.
Geographical distribution.
Goniopholidids are known across Laurasia, ranging from North America, Europe and China from the Middle Jurassic, and reaching Thailand by the Early Cretaceous.

</doc>
<doc id="18785899" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18785899" title="Henry Singleton (painter)">
Henry Singleton (painter)

Henry Singleton (19 October 1766 - 15 September 1839) was an English painter and miniaturist.
Family life.
Henry Singleton was born in London, England, into an artistic family. He was not yet two years old when his father died, so he was raised by his uncle William Singleton (d. 1793), who had studied under the tutelage of Ozias Humphry and painted portraits and miniatures. Another uncle, Joseph Singleton, exhibited at the Royal Academy between 1773 and 1788. Henry’s sisters Maria and Sarah (later Macklarinan) were miniaturists who exhibited at the Royal Academy from 1808 to 1820 and from 1787 to 1806 respectively.
In 1807 Henry married his cousin William Singleton’s only daughter. 
Henry Singleton died in London, at the house of a friend at 7 Kensington Gore, and was buried in the church of St Martin-in-the-Fields.
Work.
Although Singleton, like his uncles and sister, also painted miniatures, he did not adhere strictly to the genre. He exhibited at the Royal Academy, between 1784 and 1839, approximately 300 works, a large proportion of which were portraits, with scriptural subjects making up much of the remainder. He was for many years the Royal Academy's oldest living exhibitor. His works were also exhibited at the British Institution from 1806 and at the Society of British Artists from 1824 until his death in 1839.
From the age of sixteen, Singleton worked as a professional portraitist. He attended the Royal Academy Schools from the age of seventeen and won the silver medal in 1784. His painting from John Dryden’s ode "Alexander’s Feast" won the gold medal in 1788.
In 1793, Singleton was commissioned by the Royal Academy to paint a group portrait of forty of the academicians. Ironically, he never became a member or an associate of the Academy himself. 
Early in his career, Singleton was noted for large compositions from the Bible, Shakespeare or contemporary historical events. Although his portrait work was always in demand, he never achieved the great success as a historical painter that his early promise indicated. 
Lord Nelson, Admiral Vernon, Lord Howe and John "Mad Jack" Fuller are among his portrait sitters. "Paul I Granting Liberty to Kościuszko" (1797) and "The Death of Captain Alexander Hood after Capturing the French 74 "L'Hercule", 21 April 1798" are considered by some to be his best works. Shortly before his death, Singleton completed a series of cabinet pictures to illustrate the works of Shakespeare.
Henry Singleton’s works are currently in the collections of the British Museum, the Victoria and Albert Museum, the National Portrait Gallery (London), the Scottish National Portrait Gallery, Tate Britain, the Ulster Museum, and the Brighton Art Gallery.

</doc>
<doc id="18785900" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18785900" title="Bogjurgan Hill">
Bogjurgan Hill

Bogjurgan Hill is an elevated landform at the southern verge of the Fetteresso Forest in Aberdeenshire, Scotland. Its top is at an elevation of above sea level. Historical features in this region of Kincardineshire include Fetteresso Castle, Drumtochty Castle and Muchalls Castle.

</doc>
<doc id="18785944" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18785944" title="Weston, Devon">
Weston, Devon

Weston is a small hamlet near Sidmouth in East Devon, England. It is near the Donkey Sanctuary and less than a mile from the beach at Branscombe; footpaths also give access to the beach at Weston Mouth. The old manor house is still there, though it was extensively damaged by fire in the 19th century as a result of an inheritance dispute.

</doc>
<doc id="18785953" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18785953" title="How I Spent My Summer Vacation (film)">
How I Spent My Summer Vacation (film)

How I Spent My Summer Vacation is a 1997 romantic comedy film, directed by John Fisher. The film stars Deanna Davis and RonReaco Lee, and is Fisher's directorial debut film.
Plot.
Perry (Lee) and Stephanie's (Davis) junior year in college has just ended. Though the two have been dating since high school, they both feel that the spark in the relationship is gone, and that their constant bickering, breaking up, and making up has become more like a game. They both decide the best thing to do is to call off the relationship before their senior year, so they can test the waters with other people. Perry begins to date Tammy, a young woman who actually has a boyfriend overseas. While he's very attracted to Tammy (Dixon), he can't really shake his yearning for Stephanie. Eventually Perry tries to reconcile their relationship, and finds that Stephanie might be testing waters of her own.

</doc>
<doc id="18785969" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18785969" title="Argyle, Utah">
Argyle, Utah

Argyle is a ghost town located in Rich County, Utah, United States. Lying some southwest of Randolph on Big Creek, it was inhabited about 1875–1915.
History.
Around 1875, John Kennedy, Sr. (the great-grandfather of David M. Kennedy) settled the area with his three sons (one of whom, John Kennedy, Jr. later served in the Utah State legislature), who built homes and ranches along the various branches of Big Creek. Within a few years several other Mormon families moved in and established a local church group. The town became known as "Kennedyville". In 1885 the community organized a school system, and the mostly Scottish American residents voted to rename the town "Argyle" in honor of Argyll, Scotland. School was originally held in Kennedy's home until a one-room brick schoolhouse was built in 1895. The cold climate made farming difficult, and the population grew slowly. There were 111 inhabitants in 1900, and just over 125 in 1910 when a second room was built onto the schoolhouse.
Argyle declined as transportation improved and farmers no longer had to live as close to their fields. The school was considered inferior to the education available in nearby Randolph, and Argyle had no stores or other services of its own. In 1913 the local church organization was discontinued, and in 1915 the school itself closed and merged with the one in Randolph. Most of the residents moved to Randolph and kept their farms in the Argyle area.
Although the town is deserted, numerous buildings and walls still stand at Argyle. It is surrounded by hay fields and closed to the public, but the ruins can easily be seen from the road.

</doc>
<doc id="18785973" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18785973" title="Guillermo Franco (footballer born 1983)">
Guillermo Franco (footballer born 1983)

Guillermo Franco (born 21 May 1983 in Buenos Aires) is an Argentine football defender who plays for Atlético de Rafaela.
Football career.
After playing for Los Andes and Defensa y Justicia, Franco joined Godoy Cruz in 2002. He played with the team in the Argentine Primera until 2009, when he dropped down a division to play for Independiente Rivadavia one season on loan. He returned to Godoy Cruz in 2010, but was immediately loaned to Atlético de Rafaela.
Outside football.
In 2002, Franco became a member of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church). He resigned from Godoy Cruz in 2005 to serve as a Mormon missionary in the LDS Church's Argentina Mendoza Mission. In 2007, he returned from his mission and was brought back into the Godoy Cruz squad.

</doc>
<doc id="18786002" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18786002" title="Jace Miller">
Jace Miller

Jace Miller is a poet based in San Diego, California. He was born in Houston, Texas and grew up in and around New York City. His poems have been published on both sides of the Atlantic.
Journals featuring poetry by Jace Miller include "Alehouse 2007", "Bathtub Gin", "The Cortland Review", "The Iconoclast", "iota poetry quarterly", "The Iowa Review", "New Letters: A Magazine of Writing and Art" and "Oberon".

</doc>
<doc id="18786028" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18786028" title="Moshe Levy (athlete)">
Moshe Levy (athlete)

Moshe Levy (, born 1952) is an Israeli paralympic champion.
Levy was born in Israel in 1952 and contracted polio as a young baby. In 1962 he began practicing at the Israel Sports Center for the Disabled, focusing on swimming and wheelchair basketball. That same year he attended for the first time the competition for swimming across the Sea of Galilee, in which he later took part for 13 consecutive years.
Over the years Levy participated in various international competitions, including seven Paralympic Games. He won 6 paralympic medals as an individual and others as a member of the Israeli wheelchair basketball team.
In later years Levy remains active in sports and plays at "Kessem" basketball team, operated by an organization for promotion of paralympic sports. In 2003 - 2004 he coached his team.

</doc>
<doc id="18786043" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18786043" title="Poté">
Poté

Poté is a Brazilian municipality located in the northeast of the state of Minas Gerais. Its population as of 2007 was estimated to be 14,749 people living in a total area of 632 km². The city belongs to the mesoregion of Vale do Mucuri and to the micro-region of Teófilo Otoni. It became a municipality in 1938.
The name is derived from a semi-legendary figure called Poté, who was an indigenous leader of the Botocudo, the first inhabitants of the region.
Poté is located at an elevation of 549 meters, 40 km. west of Teófilo Otoni. The distance to the state capital, Belo Horizonte, is 486 km. Neighboring municipalities are: Ladainha, Teófilo Otoni, Itambacuri, Franciscópolis and Malacacheta.
The main economic activities are services, small industries, and agriculture. A large percentage of the population lives in the rural area and is engaged in subsistence farming. The GDP in 2005 was approximately R$42 million, with 30 million from services, 3 million from industry, and 6 million from agriculture. There were 513 rural producers on 24,000 hectares of land. Only 24 farms had tractors (2006). Approximately 1,500 persons were dependent on agriculture. The main cash crop was coffee while sugarcane, beans and corn were grown on a small scale. There were 27,000 head of cattle (2006). There was one bank (2007) and 562 automobiles (687 motorcycles), giving a ratio of 26 inhabitants per automobile.
There were 7 health clinics and 1 hospital with 34 beds. Patients with more serious health conditions are transported to Teófilo Otoni. Educational needs were met by 22 primary schools, 1 middle school, and 6 pre-primary schools.
In 2000 the per capita monthly income of R$99.00 was well below the state and national average of R$276.00 and R$297.00 respectively.
The highest ranking municipality in Minas Gerais in 2000 was Poços de Caldas with 0.841, while the lowest was Setubinha with 0.568. Nationally the highest was São Caetano do Sul in São Paulo with 0.919, while the lowest was Setubinha. In more recent statistics (considering 5,507 municipalities) Manari in the state of Pernambuco has the lowest rating in the country—0,467—putting it in last 
place.

</doc>
<doc id="18786048" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18786048" title="Francis Xavier Krautbauer">
Francis Xavier Krautbauer

Francis Xavier Krautbauer (June 12, 1828 – December 17, 1885) was the second bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Green Bay, Wisconsin.
Biography.
Born in Mappach, Bavaria, he received his early education in Regensburg, and afterward studied theology in the Ducal Georgianum in Munich. He was ordained to the priesthood, on June 16, 1850, for the Diocese of Buffalo, New York. arrived in the United States in October of the same year. After a short residence in Buffalo, he was appointed in 1851 pastor of St. Peter's Church, Rochester, where he also erected schools for boys and girls. In 1859 he went to Milwaukee to become spiritual director of the School Sisters of Notre Dame, at the same time attending the Church of Our Lady of the Angels. He remained in this post for over ten years, and the mother house of the sisterhood was built under his direction. In 1873 Krautbauer was shipwrecked on Lake Michigan and narrowly escaped drowning.
On February 12, 1875, Pope Pius IX appointed him Bishop of the Green Bay Diocese, for which he was ordained bishop on June 29, 1875. He found the administration of his diocese a work of great difficulty, as his flock embraced people from every country in Europe. Some congregations were made up of English-speaking Roman Catholics, Germans, Frenchmen, Hollanders, Bohemians, Walloons, Poles, and people of the First Nations. He devoted special attention to the work of education, and in 1884 had 44 parochial schools, attended by 5,292 children. The number of churches increased from 92 to 126, and the number of priests from 63 to 96. Under his bishopric the Cathedral of Saint Francis Xavier in Green Bay was planned and erected between 1876 and 1881. Bishop Krautbauer died in Green Bay.

</doc>
<doc id="18786065" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18786065" title="Gundalow">
Gundalow

A gundalow is a type of flat bottom cargo vessel once common in Maine and New Hampshire rivers. Up to long, they characteristically employed tidal currents for propulsion, shipping a single lateen sail to harness favorable winds.
Cannon-sporting gunboat style gundalows were built and deployed on Lake Champlain by both British and American forces during the American Revolutionary War, meeting in combat at the Battle of Valcour Island.
A replica gundalow, the Piscataqua, is maintained by a New Hampshire non-profit and employed extensively in grade school educational programs and raising environmental awareness among neighboring New Hampshire and Maine seacoast communities.

</doc>
<doc id="18786068" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18786068" title="Hermann Vogel (French illustrator)">
Hermann Vogel (French illustrator)

Hermann Vogel (1856 – 1918) was a French painter and illustrator of German origin.
Vogel was born in Flensburg, Duchy of Schleswig. He came to Hamburg in 1864 and studied at the Academy of Fine Arts Munich from 1872–78. Vogel then moved to Paris and became a French citizen.
Vogel illustrated numerous books and contributed drawings and paintings to magazines, especially "L'assiette de beurre". Vogel died in Paris. His son was the art publisher and journalist Lucien Vogel (1886–1954).

</doc>
<doc id="18786077" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18786077" title="Kim Joo-Jin">
Kim Joo-Jin

Kim Joo-Jin (born June 21, 1986) is a male judoka from South Korea. 
On February 9, 2008, he won the gold medal in the -66 kg at the Super World Cup (Tournoi de Paris), beating 2004 Olympic champion Masato Uchishiba by ippon in the final. Kim also won the bronze medal in the -66 kg at the 2008 Asian Judo Championships in Jeju, South Korea. He competed in the half-lightweight division at the 2008 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="18786078" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18786078" title="2008 Summer Tour">
2008 Summer Tour

2008 summer tour may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18786086" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18786086" title="Denmark–France relations">
Denmark–France relations

Denmark–France relations refers to the current and historical relations between Denmark and France. Denmark has an embassy in Paris and France has an embassy in Copenhagen. Both countries are full members of NATO and of the European Union.
History.
The relations between Denmark and France date back to the Middle Ages, when there were French monks in Denmark, and Danish students in Paris. In the 17th century, there were many Danish students in medicine, law, philosophy and theology in France, while in Denmark there were many French tutors.
Ingeborg, daughter of Valdemar I of Denmark, was queen consort of France (1193 & 1200-1223).
Scanian War.
The Scanian War' was a part of the Northern Wars involving the union of Denmark-Norway, Brandenburg and Sweden. It was fought mainly on Scanian soil, in the former Danish provinces along the border with Sweden and in Northern Germany. While the latter battles are regarded a theater of the Scanian war in English, Danish and Swedish historiography, they are seen as a separate war in German historiography, called the Swedish-Brandenburgian War. 
The war was prompted by the Swedish involvement in the Franco-Dutch War. Sweden had allied with France against several European countries. The United Provinces, under attack by France, sought support from Denmark-Norway. After some hesitation, King Christian V started the invasion of the Scania (Skåneland) in 1675, while the Swedish were occupied with a war against Brandenburg. The invasion of Scania was combined with a simultaneous Norwegian front called the Gyldenløve War, forcing the defending Swedes to fight a two-front war in addition to their entanglements in the Holy Roman Empire.
The Danish objective was to retrieve the Scanian lands that had been ceded to Sweden in the Treaty of Roskilde, after the Northern Wars. Although the Danish offensive was initially a great success, Swedish counter-offensives led by the 19-year-old Charles XI of Sweden nullified much of the gain. 
It was a war with no definite victor; the Swedish navy lost at sea, the Danish army was defeated in Scania by the Swedes, who in turn were defeated in Northern Germany by the Brandenburgers. The war and the hostilities ended when Denmark's ally the United Provinces settled with Sweden's stronger ally France and the Swedish king Charles XI married Danish princess Ulrike Eleonora, sister of Christian V. Peace was made on behalf of France with the treaties of Fontainebleau and Lund and Saint Germain, restoring most of the lost territories to Sweden.
War of the Sixth Coalition.
In the War of the Sixth Coalition (1812–1814), a coalition of Austria, Prussia, Russia, Spain, Sweden, the United Kingdom, and a number of German States finally defeated France and drove Napoleon Bonaparte into exile on Elba. After Napoleon's disastrous invasion of Russia, the continental powers joined Russia, Britain, Portugal and the rebels in Spain. With their armies reorganized along more Napoleonic lines, they drove Napoleon out of Germany in 1813 and invaded France in 1814, forcing Napoleon to abdicate and restoring the Bourbons.
Economic relations.
French exports to Denmark were 2.19 billion euros in 2009. Imports from Denmark were 2.35 billion euros in 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="18786087" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18786087" title="Tamsin Hinchley">
Tamsin Hinchley

Tamsin Hinchley (née Barnett) (born 10 March 1980 in Adelaide) is an Australian volleyball player. Hinchley was on the Australian indoor squad at the 2000 Summer Olympics. At the 2008 and 2012 Summer Olympics, Hinchley partnered with Natalie Cook in beach volleyball. Hinchley and Cook also partner on the Swatch FIVB World Tour, and in 2007 Hinchley was named the World Tour's most improved player.
Personal life.
Tamsin is married to Al Hinchley. In 2010, she gave birth to a son, Arley K. Hinchley.

</doc>
<doc id="18786099" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18786099" title="La vestale (Mercadante)">
La vestale (Mercadante)

La vestale ("The Vestal Virgin") is an opera by the Italian composer Saverio Mercadante. It takes the form of a "tragedia lirica" in three acts. The libretto, by Salvadore Cammarano, was influenced by Victor-Joseph Étienne de Jouy's libretto for Spontini's more famous opera of the same name. 
The opera's first performance took place at the Teatro San Carlo, Naples on 10 March 1840.
Performance History.
After its first performance, the opera was one of the most frequently performed of Mercadante's operas, with around one hundred and fifty given. 
The opera was revived at the Wexford Festival in 2004. It was also the opera's British premiere. Cast members included Doriana Milazzo as Emilia and Dante Alcalá as Decio.
Synopsis.
Act 1.
"A sacred wood"
Emilia, who believes that her lover, the warrior Decio, is dead, has joined the Vestal Virgins. The Gran Vestale (High Priestess) announces that Decio has defeated the Gauls. Emilia, unable to escape from her new position, is comforted by her friend Giulia, also a vestal virgin. When Decio arrives, he is aghast to discover that, of all the vestal virgins, it is Emilia who presents him with the laurel wreath. Alone, they lament their fate, but Decio decides that he will defy the Goddess. His friend Publio tries to keep him on the right side of the law, but eventually agrees that he will help Decio to see Emilia in secret in the Temple.
Act 2.
"Scene 1: The Temple of Vesta"
Giunia is praying for Emilia, while the Gran Vestale warns Emilia that if the sacred flame is allowed to go out, Rome will be in danger and the guardian of the flame will have to die. Decio arrives through the secret passage, leaving Publio to keep watch. Decio and Emilia are in despair and he threatens to commit suicide. Emilia dissuades him, but suddenly the flame goes out. Publio pulls Decio away as Emilia faints and is attended by Giunia. Metello arrives, admonishes the vestal virgins, and insists that Emilia be tried by the Senate.
"Scene 2: In the sacred wood outside the Temple"
The Senate gathers, and Licinio (Decio's father) condemns Emilia to death. Giunia tries to take the blame, but Emilia rejects her offer. Decio asks Licinio to spare Emilia, but his father disowns him.
Act 3.
"Outside Emilia's tomb"
Publio attempts to change Licinio's mind, pointing out that Decio is contemplating suicide. Licinio is adamant that the law must take its course. Emilia, who has lost her reason, thinks that her funeral cortège is for her wedding. However, approaching her tomb, she recovers and bids farewell to Giunia and the vestals. Decio and his troops arrive, but it is too late. He attacks Metello, but Licinio intervenes. Decio decides to join Emilia in death and commits suicide.
References.
Notes
Sources

</doc>
<doc id="18786103" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18786103" title="Zakalia Koté">
Zakalia Koté

Zakalia Kote is a Burkinabé politician who has served in the government of Burkina Faso as Minister of Justice since 2007.
Kote worked as a magistrate for years before being appointed as Secretary-General of the Government and the Council of Ministers on January 6, 2006. Later, on June 10, 2007, he was appointed as Minister of Justice.

</doc>
<doc id="18786171" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18786171" title="Battle of the Kodori Valley">
Battle of the Kodori Valley

The Battle of Kodori Valley was a military operation in the Upper Kodori Valley, during the 2008 South Ossetia war, the only part of Abkhazia, which remained under Georgian control after the War in Abkhazia from 1992 to 1993. Hostilities started, during the 2008 South Ossetia war, the Abkhazian military launched an operation to remove the remaining Georgian troops from the disputed gorge. The Georgian side denied an all-out Abkhazian attack and said, they were ready to stop any attacks. On August 9, 2008, the Abkhazian Air Force began a sortie against Georgian positions, while Abkhazian ground forces moved to invest the valley.
Abkhazian and Russian army mobilization.
Russia also sent a naval squadron to blockade Georgia's Black Sea coast. According to the Georgian government, 6,000 Russian troops rolled into South Ossetia from the neighbouring Russian province of North Ossetia and 4,000 more landed in Abkhazia. According to the commander of Russian peacekeepers in Abkhazia, Alexander Novitsky, Russia has boosted its forces in Abkhazia and now deploys more than 9,000 paratroopers and 350 armoured vehicles.
Ultimatum to Georgia.
The president of Abkhazia, Sergei Bagapsh, gave Georgia a deadline for removing its troops from the Upper Kodori Gorge, a part of the region controlled by Georgia.
Fighting.
Abkhaz warplanes and artillery continued to pound Georgian positions for a second day in a row. The president of Abkhazia said, that "around 1,000 special Abkhaz troops" were involved in operations against Georgian forces. "They were attacking Georgian positions using warplanes, multiple rocket launchers and artillery. The operation will enter the next phase as planned and you will learn about that", he said, adding "that he would create a humanitarian corridor", allowing residents in the district to flee.
A report from Interfax cited the Abkhaz defense headquarters as saying Abkhaz troops had launched an operation on August 12, 2008, to push Georgian forces out of the northern part of the Kodori Gorge. A Georgian government report said, Abkhaz infantry and armor had begun attacking Georgian defense. Abkhazia's president said "Russian troops were not involved in the operation."
Sergei Bagapsh, the president of Abkhazia, said Abkhaz forces had taken the villages of Azhara and Chkhalta and were advancing to the Georgian border. He said, Abkhazia controls most of the Upper Kodori Gorge. A group of 250 Abkhaz soldiers was reported to have clashed with Georgian forces in the gorge at the edge of Abkhazia.
Georgia's Deputy Interior Minister Eka Zhguladze said "Georgian troops had withdrawn from the Kodori Gorge as a gesture of goodwill."
Casualties and damage.
Before the war the around 2000 people lived in the upper Kodori Valley, most of which fled during the Georgian retreat. The Abkhazian authorities have appealed for the refugees to return, but by late March 2009 only 130 people continued to live in the upper Kodori Valley.
According to visitors to Azhara, military posts had been damaged and shops looted, but houses were almost unharmed.
Operations outside Kodori Gorge.
Russian troops moved into undisputed Georgian territory from Abkhazia. Russian forces launched a raid on the town of Senaki to stop Georgia from attacking Russian forces in South Ossetia.
The Assistant Commander of Russian forces Alexander Novitsky claimed, that, during a reconnaissance mission the Russian Air Force shot down two Georgian helicopters at the Senaki airbase. The helicopters were purportedly identified as a MI-8 and a MI-24, belonging to the Georgian Air Force.
According to the Georgian Ministry of Foreign Affairs, the Abkhaz moved the border of their state in direction to the Inguri river. The troops occupied two villages near Zugdidi, 13 villages in the region of Tsalenjikha and the surrounding area of the water power station near the Inguri river. The Ministry said, that it was hard to estimate, how far the military actions had gone.

</doc>
<doc id="18786172" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18786172" title="Laurent Sedego">
Laurent Sedego

Laurent Gouindé Sedego (born March 15, 1956) is a politician and former military officer from Burkina Faso, currently serving as Minister of Agriculture, Water and Fisheries Resources.
Sedego was born in Arbinda. He served in the military and was Director of the National People's Service from 1985 to 1987, then Secretary-General of the Ministry of Defense from 1987 to 1988. He was appointed as Minister of Farmers' Cooperative Action on August 23, 1988 and remained in that position until 1990. After that stint in the government, he was National Coordinator of the Fight Against Desertification in Burkina Faso (LUCODEB) Programme from 1991 to 1993.
Sedego was later appointed as Minister of the Environment and Quality of Life on January 17, 2004. Four years later, on March 23, 2008, he was moved from the post of Minister of the Environment to that of Minister of Agriculture, Water and Fisheries Resources.

</doc>
<doc id="18786175" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18786175" title="Briar Rose (band)">
Briar Rose (band)

Briar Rose is a traditional heavy metal band from Swansea, Massachusetts. The band's name is taken from the title of the variant story of Sleeping Beauty by the Brothers Grimm, "Briar Rose". The idea of hiding beauty in darkness to protect it from a greater darkness appealed to the band.
Career.
Formed in 1988 by vocalist Randy Blake II and guitarist Marcus Lorde after the demise of Brideshead, the duo retained the services of Kevin DeMello on drums and Roger Dumas on bass and formed the beginning of Briar Rose. Dumas would soon be replaced by Michael Tylla who initially was the band’s bassist before moving to rhythm guitar with the arrival of new bassist Josh Simonin. In 1988, they recorded their demo / EP “Briar Rose” with producer Joe Moody in Swansea, Massachusetts. They were Moody’s first heavy metal band who went on to produce acts like Vital Remains.
1991 saw the release of the band’s debut album “Dark Tales of Optimism” that brought the band sales outside of the New England area and into the United Kingdom and Germany. The rock magazine Kerrang! reviewed their debut album. It noted in part, "The production has captured some of Briar Rose's hopes and aspirations with surprising clarity. The music is a surprisingly articulate grind core of early Iron Maiden with just a hint of Black Sabbath, and technically, mechanically there is nothing really on "Dark Tales of Optimism" that would offend the likes of Battlezone or Mercyful Fate." 
A tour of the UK was planned but was postponed as DeMello, Tylla & Simonin left the band to pursue other musical interests. Blake II & Lorde followed through with the tour using hired musicians. Upon their return, they acquired drummer Ken Sirois. They recruited bassist Phil Richardson and guitarist Rodney Baker from their own road crew and set about writing and recording their second album “Win if You Can, Lose if You Must but Always Cheat”, originally titled “Backstabbed” after a song that would appear on the album. With Joe Moody again at the helm they began recording the album in Rhode Island but had to abandon the recording due to the health of Lorde.
At this time, Sirois and Richardson departed as did Lorde who was no longer able to continue with the band. New members were acquired as Baker assumed Lorde’s position as lead guitarist and rhythm for the recording of the second album with Chris Bourque taking the bass position and Chris Longo behind the drums. The album was finished and distributed to many overseas labels who showed an interest in signing the band as well as Elektra Records showing a somewhat renewed interest from a previously offered development deal. Ryan Rogers was brought in as the new rhythm guitarist. 
The U.S. soon fell under the spell of Grunge and this took its toll on the band. With the exception of Blake II all the members of the band departed to chase the new genre in 1994. Within that time, Blake II pursued musical styles in his Celtic music heritage along the lines of folk rock and began a magazine publishing venture. It was through his working with overseas editors in 2000 that he learned the band had acquired a cult status and both albums were widely bootlegged. He also learned that the band were represented in books, magazines, and databases in other countries. 
After requests for new material from overseas fans, he released “Detention”, a bootlegged styled recording of the band’s benefit show for a guitarist who passed on before his first rehearsal with them. Sales were good and Blake II continued with his publishing but the band would not take a back seat easily. He continued to get requests for new material and performances. 
In 2007, he began reforming the band re-acquiring drummer Chris Longo and adding bassist Rick D’Ambra and borrowing guitarist Chris Reed and drummer Myles Lucier from Reflections Of Mortallity. Lucier would for a short time fill the rhythm guitar slot to be replaced by Mike Lepore. On June 23, 2007, the band returned to the stage at the Music For Middlesex 5 festival that had previously featured acts such as Aerosmith, Boston, New England and The Fools. It was a success and the reformed Briar Rose began work on a new CD minus Chris Reed who returned to his own band.
The first release from the band was a Halloween novelty track called “Devil on a Cell Phone”. In November that same year, they released their first “proper” song in 15 years in the form of “Hairy Eyeball”. Longo found himself unable to commit further to the band, and in 2008, was replaced by Randy Allen Arruda on drums and the band added Kevin MacIntyre as their lead guitarist. Arruda was at one time also a crew member and provided backing vocals on the band’s first album and was originally slated to be the new album's drummer but opted out to make the position available Longo. MacIntyre never made a full commitment to the band and was released. The remaining members continued on working on new material for a November 2008 recording session with Grammy nominated producer Chris Tsangarides.
2008 also saw the release of two more singles from the band in the form of "Holy Fubar" on May 20 and "Imprisioned In Flesh" on June 22. The version of "Holy Fubar" that was released is an alternate take from the "Win If You Can, Lose If You Must But Always Cheat" sessions but does not contain the "toasterized digital surface noise" effect found on the original album version. "Imprisoned in Flesh" is a 46 second A cappella cover of a track originally found on Cathedral's album "The Ethereal Mirror". The track was released for download with virtually no mention by the band.
On August 23, the band released an EP to its fan base called "Party Favor" that collected the previously released singles since 2007 and two new tracks. "Cry for Dawn" in an unfinished demo version and "I Call That True Love", a strange lo-fi rendition of a track previously recorded by Dr. Hook & the Medicine Show from their 1971 album "Doctor Hook and the Medicine Show".
Rock producer Chris Tsangarides described the reborn group as, "...real band with some heavy duty tunes will be here for the recording of their new album during November."
October 29, 2008 saw the band release the second of what is to be a series of Halloween tracks in the form of an eerie rendition of Jim Stafford's 1970s Top 40 classic "Swamp Witch". A four track recording performed entirely by Blake II in the band's rehearsal studio. It was on Halloween 2008 that the band left the USA for Kent, England to begin recording their third studio album "Roses Are Rare, Violence Is True". The album was produced, recorded, mixed and in places performed with the band by Chris Tsangarides who also assumed the role of "radio personality" Osiris Elektrikill while Blake II doubled the T. Rex styled harmonies as Malaria Toxine on the track "Cry for Dawn" that also features a frustrated radio listener performed by drummer Arruda. Nine tracks were recorded for the album from the fourteen originally planned for it. Recording ran from November 1, 2008 to November 15, 2008.
The first of three proposed singles from the album was released on January 20, 2009. "Astral Groover" takes the form of a heavy 1970s influence with a modern approach. Along the lines of T. Rex melding into Cathedral while maintaining the band's own style and itentity. The middle of the track morphs into a cosmic jazz section featuring a sampled "explosion" from Steppenwolf's "Earschplittenloudenboomer" track from that band's album "7".

</doc>
<doc id="18786180" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18786180" title="Denmark–Greece relations">
Denmark–Greece relations

Denmark–Greece relations are the relations between Denmark and Greece. Denmark has an embassy in Athens and an honorary consulate in Thessaloniki. Greece has an embassy in Copenhagen and 2 honorary consulates in Arhus and Tórshavn.
Both countries are full members of the Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe, of the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development, of NATO and of the European Union.
History.
First contact between Danes and Greeks dates back from the 4th century BC, when Greek marchant Pytheas want in Denmark. In 1863, the second King of Greece, George I, was of Danish descent, and his successors, the House of Glücksburg, reigned over the country until 1973/1974.
Recent bilateral visits.
Queen Margrethe II of Denmark attended the Athens Olympic Games in 2004 and she paid an official visit to Greece in May 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="18786191" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18786191" title="Yéro Boly">
Yéro Boly

Yéro Boly (born 31 December 1954) is a Burkinabé politician. First appointed to the government of Burkina Faso in 1995, he has been Minister of Defense since 2004.
Boly was born in Komki-Ipala, located in Kadiogo Province. He attended the National School of Administration and was then a sub-prefect from 1978 to 1980. He again attended the National School of Administration from 1980 to 1983, studying to become a civil administrator. After holding administrative roles from 1984 to 1986, he was Ambassador to Côte d'Ivoire from 1986 to 1988, then Ambassador to Libya from 1988 to 1995. Subsequently he served in the government as Minister of Territorial Administration and Security from 1995 to 2000 and was Director of the Cabinet of the President from 2000 to 2004.
Shortly after the state prosecutor said that General Kouame Lougue, the Minister of Defense, had been questioned regarding a 2003 coup plot, Lougue was dismissed and Boly, who was described in the media as "a trusted civilian aide" of President Blaise Compaoré, was appointed to succeed him as Minister of Defense on 17 January 2004. In response to alleged violation of Burkinabé airspace by Ivorian military aircraft, Boly warned in July 2004 that the Burkinabé military would "shoot every plane violating our airspace".
France awarded Boly the title of Officer of the National Order of Merit ("Ordre national du Mérite") on 21 September 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="18786194" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18786194" title="Ouro Verde de Minas">
Ouro Verde de Minas

Ouro Verde de Minas is a Brazilian municipality located in the northeast of the state of Minas Gerais. Its population as of 2007 was estimated to be 6,832 people living in a total area of 174 km². The city belongs to the mesoregion of Vale do Mucuri and to the micro-region of Teófilo Otoni. It became a municipality in 1962. 
Ouro Verde de Minas is located at an elevation of 549 meters, 49 km. southeast of Teófilo Otoni. The distance to the state capital, Belo Horizonte, is 494 km. Neighboring municipalities are: Teófilo Otoni, Ataléia, and Frei Gaspar. 
The main economic activities are services, small industries, and agriculture. A large percentage of the population lives in the rural area and is engaged in subsistence farming. The GDP in 2005 was approximately R$17 million, with 10 million from services, 1 million from industry, and 5 million from agriculture. There were 605 rural producers on 12,000 hectares of land. Only 5 farms had tractors (2006). Approximately 1,700 persons were dependent on agriculture. The main cash crop was coffee while sugarcane, beans and corn were grown on a small scale. There were 16,000 head of cattle (2006). There was one bank (2007) and 192 automobiles (254 motorcycles), giving a ratio of 34 inhabitants per automobile. 
There were 3 health clinics. Patients with more serious health conditions are transported to Teófilo Otoni. Educational needs were met by 20 primary schools, 1 middle school, and 1 pre-primary school. 
In 2000 the per capita monthly income of R$98.00 was well below the state and national average of R$276.00 and R$297.00 respectively.
The highest ranking municipality in Minas Gerais in 2000 was Poços de Caldas with 0.841, while the lowest was Setubinha with 0.568. Nationally the highest was São Caetano do Sul in São Paulo with 0.919, while the lowest was Setubinha. In more recent statistics (considering 5,507 municipalities) Manari in the state of Pernambuco has the lowest rating in the country—0,467—putting it in last 
place.

</doc>
<doc id="18786196" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18786196" title="HotChalk">
HotChalk

HotChalk is an education technology company founded in 2004. 
Company.
Edward M. Fields is founder, chairman and CEO. Before establishing HotChalk, Fields was founder and CEO of ProductFactory. 
HotChalk is a leading provider of education technology and services. The Silicon Valley company partners with universities to provide turnkey solutions that put degree programs online. HotChalk solutions incorporate all phases of the education lifecycle and deliver industry leading student retention and graduation rates. HotChalk operates the largest global network of free education content on the Internet through the HotChalk Education Network. The company believes all people should have access to education, and is on a mission to make meaningful education outcomes available to everyone, everywhere. To learn more, visit www.hotchalk.com
The HotChalk Education Network.
The HotChalk Education Network is a community dedicated to teaching the Common Core State Standards. We are the largest global internet based audience in the world. From kindergarten through higher education and into a world of lifelong learning, we support teachers, students, administrators and parents by forging meaningful online relationships to realize the full academic potential of each person. We are redefining education for the future by thinking from the ground up and delivering innovate technology and turnkey services that help educators teach and teachers learn. To learn more, visit www.hotchalk.com/education-network

</doc>
<doc id="18786203" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18786203" title="Shivers in Summer">
Shivers in Summer

Shivers in Summer () is a 1963 Italian comedy film directed by Luigi Zampa and starring Vittorio Gassman.

</doc>
<doc id="18786204" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18786204" title="Cameron Leslie (businessman)">
Cameron Leslie (businessman)

Cameron Frank Leslie (born May 1973) is a London nightclub manager. He and Keith Reilly operate Fabric, which they co-founded in 1999. In 2008 they opened a second club, Matter, at the O2, which closed in summer 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="18786207" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18786207" title="Cyprus–Denmark relations">
Cyprus–Denmark relations

Cyprus–Denmark relations refers to the current and historical relations between Cyprus and Denmark. Cyprus has an embassy in Copenhagen. Denmark has an embassy in Nicosia. Diplomatic relations were established on 2 November 1960. Both countries are members of the European Union.
In 1990, Denmark sent 342 soldiers for the United Nations Peacekeeping Force in Cyprus. The Danish soldiers were organized as infantry battalions. In 2004, Denmark opened an embassy in Cyprus.
Leaders of the Cyprus, Denmark and Poland are committed to joint action on the economic crisis and the EU's 2014-2020 budget.
An air transport agreement were signed between Cyprus and Denmark on 27 April 1963. In May 1981, Cyprus and Denmark signed a tax treaty.
Cypriot President Glafcos Clerides visited Denmark in June 2002, to hold talks on Cyprus' EU accession, the Cyprus dispute and the bilateral relations between Cyprus and Denmark. In August 2006, Danish Prime Minister Anders Fogh Rasmussen visited the United Nations Buffer Zone in Cyprus.

</doc>
<doc id="18786215" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18786215" title="Catherwood">
Catherwood

Catherwood is a surname of English origin. The name refers to:

</doc>
<doc id="18786238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18786238" title="Handy Brake National Wildlife Refuge">
Handy Brake National Wildlife Refuge

Handy Brake National Wildlife Refuge is located just north of Bastrop, Louisiana in Morehouse Parish, north central Louisiana. The refuge was established in 1988 with the southeast's first fee title transfer of a Farmer's Home Administration tract (466 acres) to the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service. A free lease of from International Paper increased the refuge to the current .
Wildlife and habitat.
Handy Brake NWR has a wood duck nest box project. Water levels are manipulated to provide optimal habitat for nesting and wintering ducks. The refuge lands cleared for agriculture prior to the establishment of the refuge have been reforested to bottomland hardwoods. 
An observation platform overlooks a permanent wetland, which is excellent habitat for wintering waterfowl, wading birds and many other wetland dependent species. Prairie grasses were established between the water and the observation tower. Periodic mowing or burning of this prairie area prevents woody vegetation from obscuring the view from the platform and provides habitat for grassland birds and other wildlife species. 
Handy Brake is managed as a waterfowl sanctuary and access is restricted to the area immediately adjacent to the observation tower.

</doc>
<doc id="18786242" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18786242" title="Canada–Denmark relations">
Canada–Denmark relations

Canada–Denmark relations refers to the current and historical relations between Canada and Denmark. Canada has an embassy in Copenhagen. Denmark has an embassy in Ottawa and a consulate-general in Toronto. Both countries are full members of NATO and the Arctic Council. Relations between the two countries have attracted attention in light of the dispute over Hans Island.
History.
In 1928, the bilateral relations between Canada and Denmark were strengthened, when members of the Canadian National Railways met with Thomas Madsen-Mygdal.
The first treaty between Canada and Denmark was a visa requirements agreement, signed on 22 September and 14 October 1949. Both countries signed and agreement concerning taxes in 1956. Canada and Denmark agreed to corporate with defence science in 1969. In 1983, an marine environmental, social and economic agreement was signed in Copenhagen.
In 2010, the Denmark–USA/Canada Program was launched. The programme aims the internationalization of Danish education programmes.
Hans Island.
Hans Island is a small, uninhabited barren knoll measuring , located in the centre of the Kennedy Channel of Nares Strait. The island is claimed by both Canada and Denmark. In 1973 Canada and Denmark ratified a treaty defining the border in the area. The treaty did not define the border at Hans Island as no agreement was made on this. In 1984, Tom Høyem, the Danish Minister for Greenland, raised the Danish flag on the island. On 25 July 2005, Canadian Defence Minister Bill Graham visited the island, the visit sparked anger in Denmark. The Government of Denmark sent a letter of protest to Canada. Canada also sent two warships in 2005 to Hans Island, and .
On 19 September 2009, both governments put in place a process to end the dispute. 
In January 2011, both countries were close to a resolution over the island.
High level visits.
Crown Princess Margrethe (later Queen of Denmark) and her husband Prince Henrik visited Canada in September 1967. Queen Margrethe also visited Canada in 1991.
Expatriates.
Danes in Canada.
About 200,000 people in Canada are of Danish origin or birth. They mostly live in Ontario, Alberta and British Columbia.
New Denmark is a Canadian rural community in Victoria County, New Brunswick. The community derives its name from several Danish settlers who inhabited the area in 1872, eventually forming the largest and what would become the oldest Danish community in Canada; the Danish influence has diminished somewhat in recent decades due to out-migration.

</doc>
<doc id="18786259" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18786259" title="Papal conclave, 1304–05">
Papal conclave, 1304–05

The papal conclave from July 10 (or 17), 1304 to June 5, 1305, held in Perugia, was the protracted papal conclave that elected non-cardinal Raymond Bertrand de Got as Pope Clement V and immediately preceded the beginning of the Avignon Papacy.
Cardinal electors.
Of the 19 living cardinals, only 15 were present in the conclave. Exactly 10 of these, constituting the minimum two-thirds necessary, voted for Bertrand de Got, who became Clement V. Two other cardinals, Giacomo and Pietro Colonna (uncle and nephew), had been deposed by Pope Boniface VIII and were thus ineligible to participate in the election; their cardinalates were subsequently restored by Clement V.
Absentee cardinals.
All four cardinals left early as a result of illness.
Procedure.
The Sacred College of Cardinals was divided into two factions: pro-French and anti-French ("Bonifacians"). The smaller, pro-French party counted six cardinals under the leadership of cardinals Napoleone Orsini Frangipani and Niccolò Alberti. They looked for the reconciliation with France and Colonna. The larger party, anti-French, led by Cardinal Matteo Orsini Rosso and Francesco Caetani, cardinal-nephew of Boniface VIII, demanded atonement for the outrage committed on the person of Boniface VIII by French Chancellor Nogaret at Anagni, and rejected any concessions towards Philip IV of France. It counted 10 electors. At the beginning of the conclave the cardinals arbitrarly decided to annule the most restrictive rules of the Constitution Ubi periculum about the conclave, which made it possible to prolong the proceedings. During the first months of the conclave both parties voted mainly for their leaders: Matteo Orsini and Napoleone Orsini. But old Matteo Orsini (aged 74) fell ill and couldn't have taken any active part in the conclave. Lack of effective leadership eventually led to division in the anti-French party. Some of its members, looking for a compromise, proposed archbishop Bertrand de Got of Bordeaux. Napoleone Orsini initially was sceptical about this candidature but finally he had accepted it. His opinion was decisive for the result, because an alliance of pro-French party with the "Bonifacian dissidents" gave exactly the required majority of two thirds. On June 5, 1305, after 11 months of deliberations, Bertrand de Got was elected to the Papacy.
At the time of his election de Got was Archbishop of Bordeaux, and thus a subject of Edward I, King of England (who had recently conquered Normandy), although he was a childhood friend of Philip IV of France ("the Fair").
Sources.
One eye-witness to the conclave was Florentine historian Giovanni Villani (Hist. Florent., VIII, 80, in Muratori, SS. RR. Ital., XIII, 417; cf. Raynald, Ann. Eccl., 1305, 2-4).
Aftermath.
The cardinals besought de Got upon his election to join them in Perugia and thereafter to travel to Rome for his papal coronation; however, he ordered them to travel to Lyon for his coronation on November 4, 1305, at which Philip IV of France ("the Fair") was present. During the ensuing public procession a collapsing wall knocked Clement V from his horse (resulting in the loss of a carbuncle from the Papal Tiara) and killed both the brother of Clement V and the aged Matteo Orsini Rosso (a participant in twelve conclaves). The next day, another brother of Clement V was killed in a dispute between his servants and the retainers of the College of Cardinals.
Philip IV immediately demanded of Clement V that the memory of Pope Boniface VIII be condemned, that his name be stricken from the list of popes, that his bones be disinterred and burned, that his ashes be scattered to the wind, and that he be declared a heretic, blasphemer, and immoral priest. Clement V delayed such an action without explicitly refusing it and in the meantime made several important concessions to Philip IV: he extended the absolution granted by Benedict XI, created nine French cardinals (a mix of crown-cardinals and cardinal-nephews), restored the cardinalates of Giacomo and Pietro Colonna (which had been deprived by Boniface VIII), gave Philip IV a five year title to a variety of church property, withdrew the papal bull "Clericis laicos" (1296) and limited the bull "Unam sanctam" (1302, both of Boniface VIII), granted some church revenues to Charles of Valois, pretender to the Byzantine throne, made concessions weakening the Knights Templar. However, Philip IV wanted to a see a process similar to the Cadaver Synod initiated against Boniface VIII, which Clement V seemingly yielded to, setting a date of February 2, 1309; however, as this process proved to be dilatory and likely favorable to the deceased pontiff, Philip IV moved to cancel it in February 1311; by the time the Council of Vienne (which ultimately sided with Boniface VIII) had been called, Philip IV demanded only that he be absolved of responsibility for the various processes against Boniface VIII, which he was.
Between 1305 and 1309, Clement V moved from Bordeaux to Poitiers to Toulouse before taking up residence as a guest in the Dominican monastery of Avignon (at a time, a fief of Naples, and part of the "Comtat Venaissin", a territory directly subject to the Holy See since 1228). Clement V's decision to relocate the papacy to France was one of the most contested issues in the papal conclave, 1314–1316 following his death, during which the minority of Italian cardinals were unable to engineer the return of the papacy to Rome. Avignon remained a territory of Naples until Pope Clement VI purchased it from Joan I of Naples for 80,000 gold gulden in 1348.

</doc>
<doc id="18786261" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18786261" title="Australia–Denmark relations">
Australia–Denmark relations

Australia–Denmark relations refers to the current and historical relations between Australia and Denmark. Australia has an embassy in Copenhagen, and Denmark has an embassy in Canberra.
History.
In the 1890s, there were no trade between Australia and Denmark, so in the 1920s, the Danes in Australia formed the Danish-Australian Chamber of Commerce to import products from Denmark such as Tuborg, Junket and Hirschsprung cigars.
On 1 May 1952, an agreement on visas was signed in Canberra.
In the 1980s, after the visit of Uffe Ellemann-Jensen to Australia, the relations between Australia and Denmark was described as warm and friendly.
In 2010, both countries made a deal to ship 6,100 ton hexachlorobenzene waste from Australia to Denmark.
Greenpeace protested outside the Australian environment ministry to show their opposition to the shipment of Hexachlorobenzene from Australia. On 23 December 2010, Danish Minister of Environment Karen Ellemann cancelled the deal because of the pressure.
Trade.
In 2008, trade between Australia and Denmark amounted $1,19 billion. In 2009, Danish export to Australia amounted 4,8 billion DKK and Australian export amounted 697 million DKK. In 2008, Danish investments in Australia was 6,6 billion DKK.
Migration.
8,000 Danes migrated to Australia after World War II. Over 50,000 Australians claim Danish ancestry.
High-level visits.
On 1 February 1987, Danish Queen Margrethe II visited Australia. In December 2009, during the 2009 United Nations Climate Change Conference, Australian Prime Minister Kevin Rudd visited Denmark. On 17 August 2010, Princess Mary of Denmark visited Tasmania, her Australian state of origin. Princess Mary, although a Danish citizen due to her marriage to Crown Prince Frederik, was born and raised in the Australian state of Tasmania. It is this royal connection between the two countries that has had the most effect to their respective citizens' interests in their bilateral ties, particularly in Australia's media coverage of Denmark-Australian relations and Danish royalty. News on Danish royal affairs are common in Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="18786262" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18786262" title="Igor José Marigo de Castro">
Igor José Marigo de Castro

Igor José Marigo de Castro (born 25 August 1981 in Muriaé), commonly known as Igor or Igor Castro is a Brazilian footballer who most recently plays for Iran Pro League side Rah Ahan.
Club career.
In the 2005 season Igor scored 11 goals in 36 games for Brasiliense. He also played for São Caetano in the Campeonato Brasileiro.
He moved to the Iranian Club Zob Ahan in summer 2008 and was one of the top scorers of the league in his first season.He could not keep his spot in the team but still scored important goals in ACL.
After spending 4 seasons at Iran Pro League In 2012 he was transferred to Japanese club Yokohama F.C. but after unsuccessful half-season he moved back to Iran once again but this time to Rah Ahan F.C. under coach Ali Daei. He released at the end of the season by the club.

</doc>
<doc id="18786274" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18786274" title="Hit Kit">
Hit Kit

Hit Kit is the fourth studio album by American singer-songwriter Sam Cooke. Produced by Russ Titelman, the album was released in 1959 on Keen Records.

</doc>
<doc id="18786277" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18786277" title="Gloydius monticola">
Gloydius monticola

Gloydius monticola is a venomous pitviper species endemic to southern China. A small and darkly colored snake with no visible color pattern, it is found high in the mountains of northern Yunnan province. No subspecies are currently recognized.
Description.
Gloyd and Conant (1990) state that the only male they examined was long with a tail. The largest female was in length with a tail of . The body is relatively slender, although adult females are more stout. The snout is rounded, while the head is not markedly wider than the neck.
Scalation includes 6 supralabial scales, 19 rows of keeled dorsal scales at midbody, 140 ventral scales, a single anal scale, and 32 paired subcaudal scales.
The coloration consists of a black, dark brown, or dark gray ground color, with almost no discernible pattern. Exceptions to this rule may have labial scales with a whitish border along the line of the mouth, a few whitish subcaudal scales at the tail tip, or a faint hint of a dorsal pattern.
Geographic range.
Found in southern China in the mountains of northern Yunnan at elevations of 3,600-4,000 m. (11,800-13,000 feet) The type locality given is ""Yao-Schan bei Lidjiang, NW-Yünnan, 3600" m." near Likiang (Li-chiang), northwestern Yunnan, China, 3600 m (11,800 ft).

</doc>
<doc id="18786289" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18786289" title="Lac d'Armaille">
Lac d'Armaille

Lac d'Armaille is a lake at Saint-Germain-les-Paroisses in the Ain department of France.

</doc>
<doc id="18786292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18786292" title="Denmark–South Korea relations">
Denmark–South Korea relations

Denmark–South Korea relations refers to the current and historical relations between Denmark and South Korea. Denmark has an embassy in Seoul. South Korea has an embassy in Copenhagen. Diplomatic relations were established on 11 March 1959.
History.
Denmark-Korea Treaty of 1902.
The Denmark-Korea Treaty of 1902 was negotiated between representatives of Denmark and the Empire of Korea.
In 1876, Korea established a trade treaty with Japan after Japanese ships approached Ganghwado and threatened to fire on the Korean capital city. Treaty negotiations with several Western countries were made possible by the completion of this initial Japanese overture.
In 1882, the Americans concluded a treaty and established diplomatic relations, which served as a template for subsequent negotiations with other Western powers.
Korean War.
When North Korean communist forces attacked South Korea on June 25, 1950, Denmark agreed to provide assistance to the UN and to give humanitarian support to the allied forces in South Korea. The decision was not uncomplicated: the mood between the superpowers were extremely tense, and Denmark had to find a way to support the UN without being aggressive. Almost instantly, medical supplies were made available, and after negotiations Denmark also agreed to send a hospital ship. In the fall of 1950, East Asiatic Company again agreed to place the ship at the disposal of the Danish Government, whilst it was en route to New York.
On January 23, 1951 she was sent to Korea. She sailed under 3 flags: Dannebrog, the Red Cross, and the UN flag. The day before the departure, she was visited by King Frederik and Queen Ingrid.
Denmark undertook the refitting of "MS Jutlandia" as a modern hospital ship, and consigned it to Korea. She had four operation theatres, four hospital departments with up to 356 beds, X-ray eye and dental clinics as well as laboratories, dispensary and special departments.
The civilian status of "Jutlandia" was greatly emphasized. Like all other hospital ships, she was painted white with red crosses on the side, but opposed to the 1½ meter high green stripe painted along the side of the military hospital ships, "Jutlandia" had a red stripe.
Danish Red Cross was manning, organizing and running the hospital. EAC supplied the ship's crew. The state paid. As the hospital crew had to handle soldiers, everybody had military rank in spite of the fact that they were civilians.
High level visits.
Former Danish Prime Minister Anders Fogh Rasmussen visited South Korea in 2006 and in October 2007, Queen Margrethe II of Denmark visited Seoul for the first time after the official diplomacy between both nations. In 2009, 50-years of diplomatic relations between Denmark and South Korea was celebrated in both countries. In March 2010, Danish Prime Minister Lars Løkke Rasmussen visited South Korea. On 11 May 2011, South Korean President Lee Myung-bak visited Denmark.
Trade.
South Korean exports to Denmark in 2009, was $479 million.
Culture.
In August 2012 the K-Pop hit Gangnam Style by PSY reached number 23 on Denmark's Tracklisten Top 40.

</doc>
<doc id="18786304" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18786304" title="Baruch Hagai">
Baruch Hagai

Baruch Hagai (; born 1944) is an Israeli paralympic champion.
Early life.
Hagai was born in Tripoli, Libya, to a family of 13. At the age of two he contracted polio, and five years later his family made aliyah to Israel. The family settled in Tel Aviv, where Hagai was treated for polio in Israel for the first time. Hagai was trained as a technician, and in the years 1960-2000 he worked as a technician and project manager for a bus-manufacturing factory.
Basketball and table tennis career.
He was one of the first to join the Israel Sports Center for the Disabled, in 1960, and was active in wheelchair basketball and in table tennis. Over the years he took part in 224 international basketball games on behalf of the Israeli national team and 66 international games on behalf of the Center. In table tennis he won four consecutive gold medals at the Paralympic Games.
Following his retirement, Hagai joined the Sports Center as Head Coach.
Awards.
In 1986, Hagai was declared as a "Man of Peace" on behalf of the International Olympic Committee.
In 2001, he was awarded with the Israel Prize, for sports, in recognition of his long years of excellence in disabled sports.

</doc>
<doc id="18786312" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18786312" title="Ricardo Blas, Jr.">
Ricardo Blas, Jr.

Ricardo Blas, Jr. (born October 19, 1986) is a judoka from Guam who competed at the 2008 and 2012 Summer Olympics. The son of Ricardo Blas, himself a judoka and unsuccessful Olympic competitor, Blas Jr. began training at the age of five and eventually earned the nickname "The Little Mountain" due to his weight. Not being selected for the Games on merit, he entered the heavyweight event at the 2008 Games on a wild card selection as the Oceania bronze medallist, losing all his bouts in both the main and repechage stages of the competition. He participated again at the 2012 edition and was eliminated in the second round of the tournament. At , he is the heaviest competitor at the modern Olympic Games.
Early life.
Blas was born on October 19, 1986, the son of Ricardo Blas. The elder Blas was a judoka who competed for Guam at the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul, placing joint-19th in the men's heavyweight competition. Following in the footsteps of his father, who as of 2008 was serving as the president of the Guam National Olympic Committee, he began training in judo at the age of five, attended a judo college in Japan, and eventually earned the designation of being a black belt in the sport. He was larger than his peers as a child and eventually gained the nickname "The Little Mountain".
Competitive career.
Prior to the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing, Blas had found success at the international level in judo, having earned a bronze medal at continental championships, and was considered a household name in Guam. Going in to the men's heavyweight event at the Games he had placed seventh in the +100 kg category at the 2007 World Judo Championships. He had also been selected as the flagbearer for his nation's six-member delegation. At the officially recorded weight of he was the heaviest competitor not only at the Beijing Olympics, but most likely at any modern Olympic Games, as he surpassed the previous Olympic weight record by . He lost his first bout against Lasha Gujejiani of Georgia, suffering a penalty for stalling, and later claimed that he simply "froze up". He qualified for the repechage because Gujejiani reached the semifinals of the main competition, but was defeated by Daniel McCormick of the United States, having been penalized again, this time for stepping out of bounds in the final 30 seconds. In 2009 he placed second, behind Cedric Medeuf of France in the men's +100 kg event at that year's U.S. Open.
Blas expressed his intent to return for the 2012 Summer Olympics in London and did so in the +100kg division, with a reported weight . After winning his first bout against Facinet Keita of Guinea, he was beaten by Cuba's Óscar Brayson in the second round. His defeat of Keita, however, made him the first judoka from Guam to reach the second round of an Olympic tournament.

</doc>
<doc id="18786341" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18786341" title="History of the Catholic Church since 1962">
History of the Catholic Church since 1962

Post Vatican II history of the Catholic Church includes the recent history of the Catholic Church since the Second Vatican Council. It focuses on the influences of the Council on the Catholic Church, the Church's reactions to it, and subsequent historical developments to the present day.
Background.
In the aftermath of World War II, religious existence came under fire from communist governments in Eastern Europe and China. Although some priests have since been exposed as collaborators, both the Church's official resistance and the leadership of Pope John Paul II are credited with helping to bring about the downfall of communist governments across Europe in 1991.
The Church policies after World War II under Pope Pius XII focused on material aid to war-torn Europe, an internal internationalization of the Roman Catholic Church. and the development of its worldwide diplomatic relations. His encyclicals, "Evangelii Praecones" and "Fidei Donum", issued on June 2, 1951 and April 21, 1957, respectively, increased the local decision-making of Catholic missions, many of which became independent dioceses. Pius XII demanded recognition of local cultures as fully equal to European culture. While the Church thrived in the West and most of the developing world, it faced most serious persecutions in the East. The communist regimes in Albania, Bulgaria, and Romania practically eradicated the Roman Catholic Church in their countries. The difficult relations of the Vatican with the Soviet Union, alias Russia, originated in the revolution in 1917 and continued through the pontificate of Pius XII. They affected relations with the Orthodox Church as well. The Catholic Oriental Churches were eliminated in most parts of the Soviet Union during the Stalinist era. Persecutions of the Church continued during the pontificate of Pope Pius XII. The relations of the Holy See with China from 1939-1958. began hopefully with the long withheld recognition of Chinese rites by the Vatican in 1939, the elevation of he first Chinese cardinal in 1946, and the establishment of a local Chinese hierarchy. It ended with the persecution and virtual elimination of the Catholic Church in the early Fifties, and the establishment of a Chinese Patriotic Catholic Association in 1957
Pius XII invoked ex cathedra papal infallibility by defining the dogma of the Assumption of Mary, as proclaimed in the Apostolic constitution "Munificentissimus Deus". The magisterium includes almost 1,090 addresses and radio broadcasts. His forty-one encyclicals, include Mystici Corporis, the Church as the Body of Christ; Mediator Dei on liturgy reform; Humani Generis on the Church's position on theology and evolution. He eliminated the Italian majority in the College of Cardinals with the Grand Consistory in 1946. Despite of all these and other modernisation measures, which had taken place during the pontificate of Pius XII, Pope John XXIII felt the time had come to open the windows of the Church and to restate the ancient truths of the Church in a more contemporary language.
Vatican II.
Sessions.
Preparations for the Council, which took more than two years, included work from 10 specialized commissions, along with people for mass media and Christian Unity, and a Central Commission for overall coordination. These groups, composed mostly of members of the Roman Curia, produced 987 proposed constitutions and decrees (known as "schemata") intended for consideration by the Council. It was expected that these groups would be succeeded by similarly constituted commissions during the Council itself that would carry out the main work of drafting and reviewing proposals before presentation to the Council as a whole for review and expected approval; what happened, however, was that every single schema was thrown out in the first session of the Council, and new ones were created.
The general sessions of the Council were held in the autumns of four successive years (in four "periods") 1962 through 1965. During the rest of the year special commissions met to review and collate the work of the bishops and to prepare for the next period. Sessions were held in Latin in St. Peter's Basilica, with secrecy kept as to discussions held and opinions expressed. Speeches (called "interventions") were limited to ten minutes. Much of the work of the council, though, went on in a variety of other commission meetings (which could be held in other languages), as well as diverse informal meetings and social contacts outside of the council proper.
Two-thousand nine-hundred and eight (2,908) men (referred to as Council Fathers) were entitled to seats at the council. These included all bishops from around the world, as well as many superiors of male religious institutes. 2,540 took part in the opening session, making it the largest gathering in any council in church history. (This compares to Vatican I where 737 attended, mostly from Europe.) Attendance varied in later sessions from 2,100 to over 2,300. In addition, a varying number of "periti" (Latin for "experts") were available for theological consultation—a group that turned out to have a major influence as the council went forward. Seventeen Orthodox Churches and Protestant denominations sent observers. More than three dozen representatives of other Christian communities were present at the opening session, and the number grew to nearly 100 by the end of the 4th Council Session.
The Catholic Church engaged in a comprehensive process of reform following the Second Vatican Council (1962–65). Intended as a continuation of Vatican I, under Pope John XXIII the council developed into an engine of modernisation. It was tasked with making the historical teachings of the Church clear to a modern world, and made pronouncements on topics including the nature of the church, the mission of the laity and religious freedom. The council approved a revision of the liturgy and permitted the Latin liturgical rites to use vernacular languages as well as Latin during mass and other sacraments. Efforts by the Church to improve Christian unity became a priority. In addition to finding common ground on certain issues with Protestant churches, the Catholic Church has discussed the possibility of unity with the Eastern Orthodox Church.
Post-conciliar developments.
Liturgy reforms.
Changes to old rites, ceremonies and church architecture (see Wreckovation) following Vatican II stunned many Catholics and produced a variety of responses. Some stopped going to church, while others tried to preserve the old liturgy with the help of sympathetic priests. The latter formed the basis of today's Traditionalist Catholic groups, which believe that the reforms of Vatican II have gone too far in departing from traditional church norms, particularly with regard to changes made to the Mass. Liberal Catholics form another dissenting group.
They typically take a less literal view of the Bible and of divine revelation, and sometimes disagree with official Church views on social and political issues. The most famous liberal theologian of recent times has been Hans Küng, whose unorthodox views of the incarnation, and his denials of infallibility led to Church withdrawal of his authorization to teach as a Catholic in 1979. In his book "A Concise History of the Catholic Church", professor Thomas Bokenkotter commented on the situation by stating "Most Catholics, however, accepted the changes more or less gracefully but with little enthusiasm and have learned to take in stride the continuing series of changes that have modified not only the Mass but the other sacraments as well." In 2007, Benedict XVI reinstated the old mass as an option, to be celebrated upon request by the faithful.
The scholar Romano Amerio, author of "Iota Unum", is widely regarded today as having written one of the most detailed accounts of changes and issues in the post-Conciliar Church.
Liberation Theology.
In the 1960s, growing social awareness and politicization in the Latin American Church gave birth to liberation theology. It re–interpreted the Gospel in radical ways that redefined the Church's mission. Peruvian priest, Gustavo Gutiérrez, became one of the movement's better-known scholars. A meeting of Latin American bishops in 1968, charged with the implementation of Vatican II, led to the new movement growing increasingly influential. In 1979, the subsequent bishops' conference in Mexico officially declared the Latin American Church's "preferential option for the poor". Salvadoran Archbishop Óscar Romero became the region's most famous contemporary martyr in 1980, when he was murdered while saying mass by forces allied with the government. Pope John Paul II and Pope Benedict XVI have denounced the movement as dangerous and "a fundamental threat to the faith of the church" because, as Edward Norman explains, the Church considers it an attempt to establish a Christian society "through the coercive machinery of political management". The Brazilian theologian Leonardo Boff was twice ordered to cease publishing and teaching. While Pope John Paul II was criticized for his severity in dealing with proponents of the movement, he maintained that the Church, in its efforts to champion the poor, should not do so by resorting to violence or partisan politics. The movement is still alive in Latin America today, though the Church now faces the challenge of Pentecostal revival in much of the region.
Humanae Vitae.
The sexual revolution of the 1960s brought challenging issues for the Church. Pope Paul VI's 1968 encyclical "Humanae Vitae" affirmed the sanctity of life from conception to natural death and rejected the use of contraception; both abortion and euthanasia were considered to be murder. The Church's rejection of the use of condoms has provoked criticism, especially with respect to countries where AIDS and HIV have attained epidemic proportions. The Church maintains that countries like Kenya, where behavioral changes are endorsed instead of condom use, have experienced greater progress towards controlling the disease than countries solely promoting condoms.
Role of women.
Efforts in support of the Catholic ordination of women led to a ruling against it in 1976 by the Sacred Congregation for the Doctrine of the Faith ("Declaration on the Question of the Admission of Women to the Ministerial Priesthood"). Pope John Paul II later issued two documents to explain Church teaching. "Mulieris Dignitatem" was issued in 1988 to clarify women's equally important and complementary role in the work of the Church. Then in 1994, "Ordinatio Sacerdotalis" explained that the Church only extends ordination to men in order to follow the example of Jesus, who chose only men for this specific duty. The group Roman Catholic Womenpriests began performing ordination ceremonies for women in 2002, the validity of which is nonexistent, as the Church has issued orders of excommunication for any and all participants, invalidating any Sacraments issued by them.
Capital punishment.
John Paul II then set the Church in opposition to capital punishment when he issued Evangelium Vitae in 1995. Explaining that execution was appropriate when it was the only way to defend society, the pope noted that the modern penal system made this option rare or nonexistent.
US sex abuse cases.
Mainly in the United States, several major lawsuits emerged in 2001 claiming that priests had sexually abused minors. Some priests resigned, others were defrocked and jailed and financial settlements were agreed with many victims. In the US, where the vast majority of sex abuse cases occurred, the United States Conference of Catholic Bishops commissioned a comprehensive study that found that four percent of all priests who served in the US from 1950 to 2002 faced some sort of sexual accusation. Further, the Church was widely criticized when it emerged that some bishops had known about abuse allegations, and reassigned many of the accused after first sending them to psychiatric counseling, instead of removing them. Some bishops and psychiatrists contended that the prevailing psychology of the times suggested that people could be cured of such behavior through counseling. Pope John Paul II responded by declaring that "there is no place in the priesthood and religious life for those who would harm the young". The US Church instituted reforms to prevent future abuse by requiring background checks for Church employees; and, because the vast majority of victims were teenage boys, the worldwide Church also prohibited the ordination of men with "deep–seated homosexual tendencies".
Benedict XVI.
With the election of Pope Benedict XVI in 2005, the Church saw so far largely a continuation of the policies of his predecessor, John Paul II, with some notable exceptions. Benedict decentralized beatifications, and reverted the decision of his predecessor regarding papal elections. In 2007 he set a Church record by approving the beatification of 498 Spanish Martyrs. His first encyclical Deus Caritas Est discussed the nature of love and how it informs one's participation in a just society. In an address at the University of Regensburg, Germany, Benedict maintained that in the Western world, to a large degree, only positivistic reason and philosophy are valid. Yet the world's profoundly religious cultures see this exclusion of the divine, as an attack on their most profound convictions. A concept of " reason" which excludes the divine, is incapable of entering into the dialogue of cultures, according to Benedict. During this Regensburg address Benedict quoted a Byzantine emperor who said Muhammad had brought the world only things "evil and inhuman". After the Pope explained his quote, the dialogue continued, with cordial meetings of Islam representatives in Turkey, and the ambassadors of Muslim countries in 2007. A May 2008 declaration agreed on between Benedict and Muslims, led by Mahdi Mostafavi, stressed that religion is essentially non-violent and that violence can be justified neither by reason nor by faith. Pope Benedict has spoken out against human rights abuses in China, Darfur, and Iraq and encouraged protection of the environment and the poor. He spoke strongly against drug dealers in Latin America and Catholic politicians supporting abortion laws.
Ethical Rulings.
In 2007, the Congregation for the Doctrine of the Faith clarified the Catholic Church's position vis-a-vis other Christian communities. Quoting the statement of Pope Paul VI: "What the Church has taught down through the centuries, we also teach: "that there is only one Church"," the Vatican insisted that while communities separated from the Catholic Church can be instruments of salvation, only those with apostolic succession can be properly termed "churches". Some Protestants representatives were not surprised, others announced themselves insulted by the document, which also stressed the Church's commitment to ecumenical dialogue. A Church official told Vatican radio that any dialogue is facilitated when parties are clear about their identity. Important ethical decisions during the pontificate of Benedict XVI involved continued nutrition and hydration for persons in a vegetative status. While making many exceptions, the Church ruled that "the provision of water and food, even by artificial means, always represents a natural means for preserving life."

</doc>
<doc id="18786345" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18786345" title="Dichrorampha acuminatana">
Dichrorampha acuminatana

Dichrorampha acuminatana is a moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in Europe and the Near East.
The wingspan is 10–15 mm. The moth flies from May to September. .
The larvae feed on "Leucanthemum vulgare" and Tansy.

</doc>
<doc id="18786347" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18786347" title="2009 PGA Championship">
2009 PGA Championship

The 2009 PGA Championship was the 91st PGA Championship and was played from August 13–16 at Hazeltine National Golf Club in Chaska, Minnesota, a suburb southwest of Minneapolis. It was the fourth men's major championship held at the course; it previously hosted the PGA Championship in 2002, won by Rich Beem, and two U.S. Opens (1970, 1991). The 2009 course was the longest to date for a major at . The average elevation of the course is approximately above sea level.
Yang Yong-eun, more commonly referred to as "Y.E. Yang" in the U.S., won his first major by three strokes over four-time champion Tiger Woods, which marked the first time that Woods had failed to win a major he had led after 54 holes. Yang also became the first Asian-born player to win a men's major championship (although the third of Asian descent, after Woods and Vijay Singh).
Course layout.
Lengths of the course for previous majors:
Field.
The following were the qualification criteria that were used to select the field. Each player is listed according to the first category by which he qualified, but other categories are shown in parentheses:
1. All former PGA Champions
Paul Azinger, Rich Beem, Mark Brooks, John Daly, Steve Elkington, Pádraig Harrington (4,6,8), Davis Love III (8,10), Shaun Micheel, Phil Mickelson (3,6,8,9,10), Vijay Singh (8,10), David Toms (6,8), Bob Tway, Tiger Woods (2,3,4,8,10)
2. Last five U.S. Open Champions
Ángel Cabrera (3,8), Michael Campbell, Lucas Glover (8), Geoff Ogilvy (8,10)
3. Last five Masters Champions
Zach Johnson (8,10)
4. Last five British Open Champions
Stewart Cink (8,9,10)
5. Current Senior PGA Champion
Michael Allen
6. 15 low scorers and ties in the 2008 PGA Championship
Stuart Appleby (8), Aaron Baddeley, Ben Curtis (8,9), Ken Duke, Steve Flesch, Alastair Forsyth, Sergio García (8), Graeme McDowell, Prayad Marksaeng, Andrés Romero, Justin Rose, Jeev Milkha Singh, Henrik Stenson (8,10), Camilo Villegas (8,10), Charlie Wi (8)
7. 20 low scorers in the 2009 PGA Professional National Championship
Sam Arnold, Ryan Benzel, Greg Bisconti, Keith Dicciani, Brian Gaffney, Bob Gaus, Scott Hebert, Todd Lancaster, Eric Lippert, Mitch Lowe, Mike Miles, Lee Rinker, Kevin Roman, Steve Schneiter, Mark Sheftic, Mike Small, Chris Starkjohann, Grant Sturgeon, Craig Thomas, Tim Weinhart
8. Top 70 leaders in official money standings from the 2008 WGC-Bridgestone Invitational and Legends Reno-Tahoe Open to the 2009 Buick Open
Robert Allenby, Stephen Ames, Woody Austin, Briny Baird, Cameron Beckman (10), Chad Campbell (9), K. J. Choi, Tim Clark, Ben Crane, Brian Davis, Luke Donald, Jason Dufner, Ernie Els, Jim Furyk (9), Brian Gay (10), Mathew Goggin, Retief Goosen (10), Paul Goydos, J. J. Henry, Charley Hoffman, Charles Howell III, Dustin Johnson (10), Jerry Kelly (10), Anthony Kim (9), Justin Leonard (9), Hunter Mahan (9), John Mallinger, Steve Marino, John Merrick, Kevin Na, Sean O'Hair (10), Jeff Overton, Pat Perez (10), Kenny Perry (9,10), Carl Pettersson (10), Ian Poulter, Brett Quigley, John Rollins (10), Rory Sabbatini (10), John Senden, Kevin Streelman, Steve Stricker (9,10), Kevin Sutherland, D. J. Trahan, Bo Van Pelt (10), Scott Verplank, Nick Watney (10), Bubba Watson, Mike Weir, Lee Westwood, Mark Wilson (10), Yang Yong-eun (10)
9. Members of the 2008 United States Ryder Cup team
J. B. Holmes, Boo Weekley
10. Winners of tournaments co-sponsored or approved by the PGA Tour since the 2008 PGA Championship
Michael Bradley, Nathan Green, Will MacKenzie, Ryan Palmer, Marc Turnesa
11. The PGA of America reserves the right to invite additional players not included in the categories listed above
Darren Clarke, Fred Couples, Nick Dougherty, Johan Edfors, Gonzalo Fernández-Castaño, Ross Fisher, Hiroyuki Fujita, Richard Green, Anders Hansen, Søren Hansen, Peter Hanson, Ryuji Imada, Ryo Ishikawa, Miguel Ángel Jiménez, Brendan Jones, Shingo Katayama, Martin Kaymer, Søren Kjeldsen, Tom Lehman, Thomas Levet, Rory McIlroy, Francesco Molinari, Colin Montgomerie, Louis Oosthuizen, Rod Pampling, Corey Pavin, Álvaro Quirós, Charl Schwartzel, Adam Scott, Michael Sim, David Smail, Brandt Snedeker, Richard Sterne, Thongchai Jaidee, Anthony Wall, Steve Webster, Oliver Wilson, Chris Wood
12. Vacancies are filled by the first available player from the list of alternates (those below 70th place in official money standings)
Round summaries.
First round.
"Thursday, August 13, 2009"
Tiger Woods had the outright lead after a 67 on the first round, which included 5 birdies and no bogeys. Defending champion Pádraig Harrington, who played in the same group as Woods, was alone in second place after a 68. David Toms, 2001 champion, was also one to make a move. He made many long birdie putts and par saves to shoot a 69, placing him in a group of six tied for third that also included two-time champion Vijay Singh. World number two Phil Mickelson struggled slightly, shooting a 2-over par 74. John Daly, 1991 champion, withdrew after posting a 78, citing a back injury.
Second round.
"Friday, August 14, 2009"
Tiger Woods broke away from the pack with a run of three straight birdies on the back nine, finishing the round with a four-shot lead. It is his largest margin after two rounds at a major since the 2005 British Open at St Andrews, when he led by five. Conditions on the second day were tough, with strong winds playing with putts and the greens uneven. Vijay Singh, Lucas Glover and Brendan Jones, who moved up the leaderboard all played in the morning. Pádraig Harrington and Ross Fisher, had to cope with the fierce winds.
Third round.
"Saturday, August 15, 2009"
Tiger Woods played a safe round, avoiding throwing away shots. His lead was halved to two shots over Pádraig Harrington and 2009 Honda Classic winner Yang Yong-eun. Henrik Stenson, winner of that year's Players Championship, scored a round of 68 and was in the group that played along with U.S. Open champion Lucas Glover. Ernie Els was as close as one shot from the lead but finished with three straight bogeys.
Final round.
"Sunday, August 16, 2009"
Struggling with his putting all day, Tiger Woods was in jeopardy of losing a major for the first time when leading after 54 holes. The only player who was able to take advantage of this was Woods' playing partner, Yang Yong-eun. Defending champion Pádraig Harrington was in contention early, but made a quintuple-bogey 8 on the par-3 8th, causing him to fall from tied for 2nd to tied for 10th. Tied on the short par-4 14th, Yang chipped in for eagle from just off the green, whereas Woods was only able to make birdie. This enabled Yang to take the lead and he did not relinquish it, sealing the victory by drawing a remarkable approach around a tree to within ten feet (3 m) on the final hole, setting up a birdie against Woods' closing bogey and a winning margin of three strokes.
Source:<br>
Complete leaderboard
Scorecard.
"Final round"
"Cumulative tournament scores, relative to par"<br>
Source:

</doc>
<doc id="18786350" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18786350" title="Bayou Segnette State Park">
Bayou Segnette State Park

Bayou Segnette State Park is located in Westwego, Jefferson Parish southwest of New Orleans, Louisiana, on the west bank of the Mississippi River. 
Bayou Segnette is not far from the urban center of New Orleans, yet it features access to two types of wetlands, swamp and marsh. Saltwater intrusion coming into the canals from the Gulf of Mexico created the marsh. This is a remarkable habitat for plant and wildlife. This habitat is home to American Alligators, Coypu, Nine-banded Armadillos, Virginia Opossum, Raccoons, American Mink, Red-tailed Hawks, kites, Red-winged Blackbirds, Bald Eagles, and Northern Cardinals.

</doc>
<doc id="18786359" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18786359" title="Lacs des Hôpitaux">
Lacs des Hôpitaux

Lacs des Hôpitaux is a pair of lakes at La Burbanche in the Ain department of France.

</doc>
<doc id="18786361" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18786361" title="Ping-pong lemma">
Ping-pong lemma

In mathematics, the ping-pong lemma, or table-tennis lemma, is any of several mathematical statements that ensure that several elements in a group acting on a set freely generates a free subgroup of that group.
History.
The ping-pong argument goes back to late 19th century and is commonly attributed to Felix Klein who used it to study subgroups of Kleinian groups, that is, of discrete groups of isometries of the hyperbolic 3-space or, equivalently Möbius transformations of the Riemann sphere. The ping-pong lemma was a key tool used by Jacques Tits in his 1972 paper containing the proof of a famous result now known as the Tits alternative. The result states that a finitely generated linear group is either virtually solvable or contains a free subgroup of rank two. The ping-pong lemma and its variations are widely used in geometric topology and geometric group theory.
Modern versions of the ping-pong lemma can be found in many books such as Lyndon&Schupp, de la Harpe, Bridson&Haefliger and others.
Formal statements.
Ping-pong lemma for several subgroups.
This version of the ping-pong lemma ensures that several subgroups of a group acting on a set generate a free product. The following statement appears in, and the proof is from.
Let "G" be a group acting on a set "X" and let "H"1, "H"2..., "H""k" be nontrivial subgroups of "G" where "k"≥2, such that at least one of these subgroups has order greater than 2.
Suppose there exist disjoint nonempty subsets "X"1, "X"2...,"X""k" of "X" such that the following holds:
Then
Proof.
By the definition of free product, it suffices to check that a given reduced word is nontrivial. Let "w" be such a word, and let 
Where "w""s","β""k"∈ "H""s" for all such "β""k", and since "w" is fully reduced "α""i"≠ α"i"+1 for any "i". We then let "w" act on an element of one of the sets "X""i". As we assume for at least one subgroup "H"i has order at least 3, without loss we may assume that "H"1 is at least 3. We first make the assumption that α1 and αm are both 1. From here we consider "w" acting on "X"2. We get the following chain of containments and note that since the "X"i are disjoint that "w" acts nontrivially and is thus not the identity element.
To finish the proof we must consider the three cases: 
In each case, "hwh"−1 is a reduced word with "α"1' and "α""m" '' both 1, and thus is nontrivial. Finally, "hwh"−1 is not 1, and so neither is "w". This proves the claim.
The Ping-pong lemma for cyclic subgroups.
Let "G" be a group acting on a set "X". Let "a"1...,"a""k" be elements of "G", where "k" ≥ 2. Suppose there exist disjoint nonempty subsets
of "X" with the following properties:
Then the subgroup "H" = <"a"1, ..., "a""k"> ≤ "G" generated by "a"1, ..., "a""k" is free with free basis {"a"1, ..., "a""k"}.
Proof.
This statement follows as a corollary of the version for general subgroups if we let "X""i"= "X""i"+∪"X""i"- and let "H""i" = ⟨"a""i"⟩.
Examples.
Special linear group example.
One can use the ping-pong lemma to prove that the subgroup "H" = <"A","B">≤SL(2,Z), generated by the matrices 
is free of rank two.
Proof.
Indeed, let "H"1 = <"A"> and "H"2 = <"B"> be cyclic subgroups of SL(2,Z) generated by "A" and "B" accordingly. It is not hard to check that A and B are elements of infinite order in SL(2,Z) and that
and
Consider the standard action of SL(2,Z) on R2 by linear transformations. Put
and
It is not hard to check, using the above explicitly descriptions of "H"1 and "H"2 that for every nontrivial "g" ∈ "H"1 we have "g"("X"2) ⊆ "X"1 and that for every nontrivial "g" ∈ "H"2 we have "g"("X"1) ⊆ "X"2. Using the alternative form of the ping-pong lemma, for two subgroups, given above, we conclude that "H" = "H"1∗"H"2. Since the groups "H"1 and "H"2 are infinite cyclic, it follows that "H" is a free group of rank two.
Word-hyperbolic group example.
Let "G" be a word-hyperbolic group which is torsion-free, that is, with no nontrivial elements of finite order. Let "g", "h" ∈ "G" be two non-commuting elements, that is such that "gh" ≠ "hg". Then there exists "M"≥1 such that for any integers "n" ≥ "M", "m" ≥ "M" the subgroup H = <"g""n", "h""m"> ≤ "G" is free of rank two.
Sketch of the proof.
The group "G" acts on its "hyperbolic boundary" ∂"G" by homeomorphisms. It is known that if "a" ∈ "G" is a nontrivial element then "a" has exactly two distinct fixed points, "a"∞ and "a"−∞ in ∂"G" and that "a"∞ is an attracting fixed point while "a"−∞ is a repelling fixed point.
Since "g" and "h" do not commute, the basic facts about word-hyperbolic groups imply that "g"∞, "g"−∞, "h"∞ and "h"−∞ are four distinct points in ∂"G". Take disjoint neighborhoods "U"+, "U"–, "V"+ and "V"– of "g"∞, "g"−∞, "h"∞ and "h"−∞ in ∂"G" respectively.
Then the attracting/repelling properties of the fixed points of "g" and "h" imply that there exists "M" ≥ 1 such that for any integers "n" ≥ "M", "m" ≥ "M" we have:
The ping-pong lemma now implies that "H" = <"g""n", "h""m"> ≤ "G" is free of rank two.

</doc>
<doc id="18786374" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18786374" title="Larry Braziel">
Larry Braziel

Larry Braziel (born 1954) is a retired American football player who played seven seasons in the National Football League

</doc>
<doc id="18786385" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18786385" title="Clarissa Chun">
Clarissa Chun

Clarissa Kyoko Mei Ling Chun (陳美玲, born August 27, 1981 in Honolulu, Hawaii) is an American Olympic Women's freestyle 48 kg (105.5 lbs) wrestler. She is the first woman wrestler from Hawaii to win a medal at the Olympics.
Biography.
Chun was born in Honolulu, Hawaii and raised in Kapolei, Hawaii. She is Asian-American. 
Her mother, Gail Higashi, is Japanese-American from Lihu‘e, Kaua‘i. 
Her father, Bryan Chun, is Chinese-American from Aiea, Oahu.
<br>
In 2008, Chun taught English to kindergarten students in Japan.
Athletic career.
Chun came from a judo background, winning five junior national championships before she tried wrestling in her junior year at Roosevelt High School in Honolulu, Hawaii.
She captured the state wrestling title in 1998, the first year girls wrestling was a sanctioned sport. 
She attended Missouri Valley College in Marshall, Missouri and earned a communications degree from the University of Colorado at Colorado Springs.
Chun was one of the charter members of the Valley program when it began in 1999, and was one of its most decorated. She placed second in the U.S. World Team Trials and medaled in both the U.S. Nationals and Pan American Games during all three of her seasons in Marshall—along with winning several college-level competitions.
Prior to her senior campaign, Chun accepted an invitation to attend the U.S. Olympic Training Center in Colorado Springs, eventually earning her degree from the University of Colorado branch there.
After placing second in the U.S. Olympic Trials in 2004, the first year women's wrestling competition was held at the Games, she made the squad four years later. 
At the 2008 U.S. Olympic wrestling team trials in June, Clarissa Chun, a diminutive athlete from Hawai'i, gained the admiration of fans and media alike by staging a huge upset of seven-time national champion and 2004 Olympic bronze medalist Patricia Miranda. In the process, Chun, who stands 4 feet 11, fulfilled a lifelong dream, becoming the first wrestler from Hawai'i to qualify for a U.S. Olympic team. 
Wrestling at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Women's freestyle 48 kg, after winning the first two matches, Chun fell to world champion Chiharu Icho of Japan in the semifinals in an overtime tiebreaker (last to score).
Two months after the 2008 Olympic Games, Chun turned in a superb effort to capture a gold medal at the World 2008 Championships in Tokyo, Japan. She relied on her defense in pulling out a gritty 1-0, 1-0 finals win over Kazakhstan's Jyldyz Eshimova-Turtbayeva at the Yoyogi National Stadium. 
Chun successful seasons included winning the U.S. Senior National titles, and international titles from the Canada Cup, New York AC Freestyle International, Poland Open, Mongolia Championships, Russia International and Pan American Games. Chun also represented the U.S. at the FILA Women's World Cup in China in 2009 and Japan in 2012. 
Clarissa Chun (Colorado Springs, Colo.) became the first women's freestyle wrestler to be nominated to her second Olympic Team after her stellar performance at the 2012 U.S. Olympic Team Trials for Wrestling in Iowa City, Iowa, on April 22, 2012.
Wrestling at the 2012 Summer Olympics - Women's freestyle 48 kg, Chun qualified for the bronze-medal match by launching World bronze medalist Iwona Matkowska of Poland to her back and recording a dramatic second-period fall in the repechage. 
Chun knocked off 2004 Olympic gold medalist Iryna Merleni of Ukraine 1-0, 3-0 to capture a bronze medal in women's freestyle wrestling at the 2012 London Olympics.
International Award Winning Wrestler.
2012: 9th Place - Women's Freestyle World Championships, SHERWOOD PARK, Canada 
<br>
2012: Bronze medal: The Games of the XXX Olympiad (London, England, GB, UK)
<br>
2012: 5th Place: Canada Cup, Guelph, Canada
<br>
2012: Women’s World Cup in Tokyo, Japan
<br>
2012: U.S. Olympic Team Trials champion - First place - women's freestyle wrestling
2012: Gold Medal - Pan Am Games women’s freestyle, KISSIMMEE, Florida. 
2011: 5th Place: Mongolia Open, ULAN BAATAR, Mongolia.
2011: Gold Medal: U.S. Open Wrestling Championships in Arlington, Texas.
2011: 2nd Place: New York AC Freestyle International.
2011: Silver Medal - Pan Am Games women’s freestyle, GUADALAJARA, Mexico 
<br>
2011: 7th Place - Women's Freestyle World Championships, ISTANBUL, Turkey 
<br>
2011: 1st place - Gold Medal - Poland Open, Poznan, Poland 
<br>
2011: 1st place - U.S. World Team Trials in Oklahoma City
<br>
2011: Bronze: Mongolian National Wrestling Championship
<br>
2011: Gold Medal: ASICS U.S. Open Wrestling Championships in Cleveland, Ohio.
2011: Silver Medal: Grand Prix of Tourcoing, Tourcoing, France.
2010: Gold Medal: Open Cup in Russia International.
2010: 1st Place: New York AC Freestyle International.
2010: Bronze Medal: German Grand Prix.
2010: 2nd place - in U.S. World Team Trials
2010: Gold Medal: Pan American Wrestling Championships in MONTERREY, Mexico.
2009:Women’s World Cup in Taiyuan, China
<br>
2009: Gold Medal: Canada Cup, Guelph, Canada
2009: Women's Freestyle World Championships - Herning, Denmark
2009: 1st place - in U.S. World Team Trials
<br>
2009: Gold Medal: Pan American Wrestling Championships in Maracaibo, Venezuela.
<br>
2009: 1st place - in U.S. Nationals 
<br>
2008: Women's Freestyle World Championships - First place - Gold Medal - 48 kg
<br>
2008: 1st place - in U.S. World Team Trials
<br>
2008: 5th place - Olympics - Beijing, China
<br>
2008: U.S. Olympic Team Trials champion - First place - women's freestyle wrestling
<br>
105.5-pound division at the U.S. Olympic Team Trials for Wrestling and Judo - Beijing, China.<br>
2008: Fourth in U.S. Nationals<br>
2008: Gold Medal: Pan American Wrestling Championships in Colorado Springs, Colo.
2008: Silver Medal: Guelph Open, Guelph, Canada
2007: Fourth in U.S. World Team Trials<br>
2007: Third in U.S. Nationals
2007: Third in Guelph Open (Canada)
2006: U.S. Senior Nationals - Gold Medal
<br>
2006: Second in New York AC Holiday International Open
2006: Sunkist Kids/ASU International Open champion
2006: U.S. Nationals champion
2006: Vehbi Emre Golden Grand Prix champion (Turkey)
2006: Tenth in Ivan Yarygin Memorial International (Russia)
2006: Second in Klippan Ladies Golden Grand Prix (Sweden)
2005: Sunkist Kids/ASU International champion - 1st Place 2005 Sunkist Kids / ASU International Open
2005: Second in NYAC Holiday Championships
2005: Clansmen International champion (Canada)
2005: Third in U.S. World Team Trials
2004: Second in Sunkist Kids International Open
2004: Fourth in World Cup
2004: Second in U.S. Olympic Team Trials - runners-up
Placed second at the U.S. Olympic Trials in women's wrestling (the first year with the style in the Olympics) (48 kg)
2004: Second in U.S. Nationals
2004: Sixth in Ivan Yarygin Memorial International (Russia)
2004: Fourth in Dave Schultz Memorial International
USA Wrestling's Women's University National Champion
Consistently ranked No. 2 by USA Wrestling
2003: Second in Sunkist Kids International Open
2003: Second in U.S. World Team Trials
2003: Second in U.S. Nationals
2003: Fourth in Klippan Ladies Open (Sweden)
April 14, 2003: USA Wrestling's Women's University National Champion in St. Joseph, Minn.
2002: Second in U.S. World Team Trials - Runner-up
2002: Fourth in U.S. Nationals
2002: Third in Pan American Championships
2002: was among the charter group of about 20 women invited to the <br>
U.S. Olympic Training Center when its women's wrestling facility opened.
2001: Sunkist Kids International Open champion
2001: Fourth in World Cup
2001: Second in U.S. World Team Trials - Runner-up
2001: Third in U.S. Nationals
2001: Klippan Ladies Open champion (Sweden)
2001: Second in Pan American Championships
2001: Missouri Valley International Open champion
2001: Second in Minnesota - Morris Women's Open
2001: Third in Manitoba Open (Canada)
2001: Represented USA in first Women's World Cup 2001 in Levalois, France
2001: Won international open in Phoenix
2001: USA Wrestling's Women's University National Champion
2001: Fifth in Junior World Championships
2000: DNP in World Championships
2000: Second in Pan American Championships
2000: Second in U.S. World Team Trials
2000: Second in U.S. Nationals
2000: Dave Schultz Memorial International champion
2000: Minnesota-Morris Women's Open champion
2000-02: Silver medal at Pan American Championships
2000-01: FILA Junior Nationals champion
2000: Third in University Nationals
2000 U.S. World Team member
2000: U.S. Collegiate Nationals champion
2000: Eighth in Junior World Championships
1999: Third in Sunkist Kids International Open
1999: Third in Sunkist Kids International Open
1999: USA Age-Group: Fourth in 2004 University World Championships
1999: Hawaii State champion wrestler
Wrestling USA Magazine's High School Girls All-America Team
1999 USGWA High School Nationals - Third
1998: Hawaii State champion wrestler - the first year girls wrestling was a sanctioned sport.
CAREER NOTES: (themat.com)

</doc>
<doc id="18786389" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18786389" title="Gangsta Party (Joe Budden song)">
Gangsta Party (Joe Budden song)

"Gangsta Party" is a song by Joe Budden, featuring Nate Dogg and produced by Scott Storch. It was supposed be the first single from Joe Budden's intended second album "The Growth" which was supposed to be released in June 2005. However the album had suffered numerous delays and was later shelved after a dispute with Def Jam.

</doc>
<doc id="18786398" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18786398" title="Dichrorampha petiverella">
Dichrorampha petiverella

Dichrorampha petiverella is a moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in the Palearctic ecozone.
The wingspan is 10–13 mm. The moth flies from April to August. .
The larvae feed on Achillea millefolium and Tansy.

</doc>
<doc id="18786401" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18786401" title="1995 International Tennis Championships – Singles">
1995 International Tennis Championships – Singles

Todd Woodbridge defeated Greg Rusedski 6–4, 6–2 to win the 1995 International Tennis Championships singles event. Luiz Mattar was the champion but did not defend his title.

</doc>
<doc id="18786416" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18786416" title="Clooneenagh Townland">
Clooneenagh Townland

Clonina or Clooneenagh is a small village in West County Clare in Ireland. It is situated on the Cree Road between Cree East and Cree North near the towns of Doonbeg and Cooraclare. The nearest large towns are Kilrush and Ennis which are 7 miles and 26 miles away respectively. 
Clonina is in the Cree/Cooraclare parish and in the diocese of Killaloe. In nearby Cree there is a Catholic church, two pubs (Flynn's and Walsh's), a restaurant (The Purple Grape), Cree National School, two shops and a post office.
History.
In the 15th and 16th centuries the land in Clare was divided into baronies.
People.
Patrick Kelly (10 August 1875 – 20 November 1934) was born and raised in Clooneenagh. He was a soldier, farmer and politician. He was a member of the Irish Free State Oireachtas (legislature) as a Teachta Dála (TD) for the Clare constituency from 1927 to 1932.
Geography.
Most of the people living around Clonina are involved in agriculture and the majority of the land is used for dairy farming. The Creegh River flows through the village and enters the Atlantic Ocean at Doughmore Bay near Doonbeg.
Sport.
The prestigious Greg Norman designed golf links in Doonbeg is situated 5 miles from Clonina.
Tourism.
There are many famous tourist sites in West Clare; most are within 30 minutes drive from Clonina. These include The Burren, the Cliffs of Moher, the Aillwee Caves, and the Poulnabrone Dolmen.

</doc>
<doc id="18786429" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18786429" title="Ethiopian suit">
Ethiopian suit

An Ethiopian suit is the name given in America to the traditional formal wear of the men of Ethiopia. It consists of a long sleeve, knee-length shirt, and matching pants. Most shirts are made with a Mandarin, band, or Nehru collar. The suit is made of chiffon, which is a sheer silk or rayon cloth. A shawl called a "netela" or a "kuta" is wrapped around the suit, see Culture of Ethiopia. During the 2008 Summer Olympics Opening Ceremony, Parade of Nations, the Ethiopian team marched in white suits.
For informal events, men wear the Ethiopian dashiki. The main difference between the dashiki and the Ethiopian suit is the collar. The dashiki does not have a collar. The dashiki is similar to the style worn in West Africa. However, Ethiopian dashikis are usually white, off-white, or natural cotton. The front is decorated with Ethiopian themes and motifs. For formal events, the dashiki suit is worn and consists of a dashiki shirt and matching pants. (see Wikimedia commons for photos)
In the United States and the Caribbean, the Ethiopian suit is also worn by Rastafarian men.
The Ethiopian suit is worn for weddings, church and synagogue services, and other special occasions.

</doc>
<doc id="18786431" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18786431" title="Germany national beach soccer team">
Germany national beach soccer team

The German beach soccer team represents Germany in international beach soccer competitions and is controlled by the G.F.A, the governing body for football in Germany.
Current squad.
"Correct as of August 2012"
Coach: Nils Borngschulte

</doc>
<doc id="18786437" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18786437" title="Lac de Chailloux">
Lac de Chailloux

Lac de Chailloux is a small lake at Contrevoz in the Ain department, France.

</doc>
<doc id="18786443" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18786443" title="Dichrorampha simpliciana">
Dichrorampha simpliciana

Dichrorampha simpliciana is a moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in Europe and the Near East.
The wingspan is 12–16 mm. The moth flies from May to September. .
The larvae feed on "Artemisia vulgaris".

</doc>
<doc id="18786466" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18786466" title="Fred W. P. Jago">
Fred W. P. Jago

Frederick William Pearce Jago (fl. 1838–1892) was a scholar best known for his work "The Ancient Language and the Dialect of Cornwall", originally published 1882 by Netherton and Worth of Truro. He also published a Cornish dictionary in 1887. He settled at Bodmin in 1843 where he practised medicine.

</doc>
<doc id="18786471" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18786471" title="Alan Freeman Days">
Alan Freeman Days

Robin Gibb wrote, recorded and released Alan Freeman Days as a tribute to the late Australian DJ Alan Freeman in May 2008. 
While it was mainly made available as a download the song was also included on a limited number of promotional CDs, a various artitst compilation "V.1 - Songs from the British Academy" from Academy Recordings, of which a handful were raffled off to fans registered to Robin Gibb's forum. 
There is also a lyric in the song "and my brother Maurice is stayin alive" as his tribute also to his late twin brother Maurice Gibb.

</doc>
<doc id="18786483" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18786483" title="Gatis Smukulis">
Gatis Smukulis

Gatis Smukulis (born 15 April 1987) is a Latvian professional road bicycle racer for UCI ProTeam .
Palmarès.
Grand Tour general classification results timeline
WD = Withdrew; In Progress = IP

</doc>
<doc id="18786488" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18786488" title="Les Angell">
Les Angell

Frederick Leslie Angell, born 29 June 1922, at Norton St Philip, Somerset, is a former English first-class cricketer who played for Somerset County Cricket Club.
A right-handed opening batsman, Angell made a lot of runs in club cricket for the Lansdown Cricket Club in Bath, but his record in first-class cricket was less successful. He played for Somerset in matches at Bath in both 1947 and 1948, and in a few more games in 1949, before joining the county club's staff in 1950. Playing mostly as the opening partner to the ebullient Harold Gimblett, Angell was a restrained, neat batsman and made 933 runs in his first full season, though his average was only 20 and he passed 50 only three times. There was a very similar record in 1951, with 975 runs, again at an average of 20. In 1952, Angell made his highest score of 90 in the match against Derbyshire at Derby. But three weeks later he was dropped from the side and, as Somerset hit the bottom of the County Championship table for what would prove to be the first of four consecutive last-place finishes, he was not re-engaged at the end of the 1952 season.
In 1954, however, with Gimblett retiring suddenly at the start of the season, Angell was recalled to Somerset and proceeded to have his best season in first-class cricket. He scored 1,125 runs at an average of 22.95 and made his highest score (and only first-class century) of 114 in the match against the Pakistanis. Apart from this innings, his highest score for the season was an unbeaten 62. He was less successful again in 1955, and after seven matches in 1956 he left the staff for good.
He continued to be a heavy scorer in club cricket into his late 40s. By profession, he was an engineering draughtsman for a Bath company.

</doc>
<doc id="18786489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18786489" title="Robert Struble, Jr.">
Robert Struble, Jr.

Robert Clayton Struble, Jr. (born 1943) is a retired schoolteacher, historian, author and associate editor at "Catholic Lane".
Teaching.
Struble is a retired history/social studies teacher. During 17 years over the period 1981-2007, Struble taught in the public and private schools of Washington State. American football, soccer, and chess are among the extra-curricular activities that he has coached, including a student team to the Washington state chess championship of 1993.
For two years in the mid-1980s he was the resident historian at Sea Pines Abroad, a private prep school in Faistenau bei Salzburg, Austria, a job which he described as his “belated grand tour.”
Politics.
In the election campaign prior to November 3, 2009, Struble was Protect Marriage Washington's spokesman on Referendum 71. His job included televised debates around the state against advocates for same sex marriage, or its equivalency.
Struble’s political career has included party politics. He served three biennial terms (1995-1998) as GOP Washington State committeeman from Kitsap County. In 2007, Struble became an independent, having resigned from the Republican Party over the issue of torture. 
He served also on the steering committee (1990–92) of LIMIT, which ran Initiative 573, the term limits law passed by the electorate of WA State in November, 1992. In 1993 he wrote a history of this campaign in, “Second Time A Charm: Term Limits in Washington State,” a paper delivered at the Annual Meeting of the "Western Political Science Association", Pasadena, CA, 3/18/93.
February 13, 2012, Bob Struble publicly disrupted the signing of the Washington marriage equality bill. According to the Huffpost, Struble shouted, "Do not betray Christ!" during the bill's signing. Struble was removed from the reception room by security, and was banned for the rest of the day from the interior of the Capitol building.
Ancestry, Education & Personal.
Struble was born June 7, 1943 to Ruth (Cowan) Struble and Bob Struble, Sr., then a Captain in the U.S. Army and later a recognized welfare reformer. He is also great-grandson of Iowa City pioneer, John T. Struble, and great-grandnephew of 19th century political leaders, Congressman Isaac Struble and Speaker of the Iowa House, George R. Struble. 
He attended parochial schools grades 1-12, graduating with honors from Blanchet High School in Seattle. During his senior year, Struble won a national essay contest and was named all conference quarterback for the Northwest Catholic football league. During his college years at San Diego State he served as graduate representative and administrative vice-president of the student body during the tumult of the 1960s; also as campus chairman of SMC, the student mobilization committee against the Vietnam War. At SDSU he was admitted to a chapter of "Phi Alpha Theta", the honor society in History, and to another chapter of the same honor society at Eastern Washington University. At EWU he took his second BA (in Education).
Struble has traveled on every continent in the Northern Hemisphere. He enjoys a variety of music, plays piano, writes poetry, and competes in the local chess club. His memberships include the Knights of Columbus, the Ft. Nisqually Foundation, the Washington Bluegrass Association, and the National Association of Scholars.
In 1988 he married Jeryl (Bangs) Struble, a schoolteacher, singer, and Russian translator. Their three children are Kathryn (b. 1989), Daniel (b. 1993), and Michael (b. 1998). The family lives in Bremerton, Washington.
Contact.
Bob Struble, Post Office Box 1415, Bremerton WA 98337, USA

</doc>
<doc id="18786491" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18786491" title="Enarmonia formosana">
Enarmonia formosana

The Cherrybark Tortrix or Cherry-bark Moth (Enarmonia formosana) is a small but colorful moth species of the family Tortricidae. It is native to all of northern and western Europe, ranging south to the Maghreb. North of the Alps its range extends eastwards to Siberia and Kazakhstan. Possibly and most likely introduced populations are found in Asia Minor and North America, respectively.
It is the type species of its genus ("Enarmonia"), and by extension of the tribe Enarmoniini of subfamily Olethreutinae.
The wingspan is 15–19 mm. The adult moths fly from May to October in the temperate parts of the range (e.g. Belgium and The Netherlands).
The caterpillars feed on the bark of woody Rosaceae of subfamily Amygdaloideae, namely hawthorns ("Crataegus"), apples ("Malus"), cherries ("Prunus") and pears ("Pyrus"). In particular, they have been noted to forage at canker lesions.
Synonyms.
Junior synonyms of this species are:

</doc>
<doc id="18786503" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18786503" title="Xu Haifeng">
Xu Haifeng

Xu Haifeng (, A native of He County, Anhui, he was born on August 10, 1957 in Zhangzhou, Fujian) is a male Chinese pistol shooter, and the first person to win a gold medal for China in the Olympic Games. He specializes in the 50 metre pistol event.
Xu won the first gold medal for China in the 1984 Los Angeles Olympics while his teammate Wang Yifu won bronze. After retiring in 1995, he became a coach for the Chinese National Shooting Team.
Xu was the first torchbearer to bring the Olympic Torch into the Beijing National Stadium near the end of the 2008 Summer Olympics Opening Ceremony
Xu is married to Zhao Lei, the daughter of his coach in the Chinese National Shooting Team. They have a daughter, Xu Jia.
Xu is currently the Deputy Director of Chinese Cycling and Fencing Administration Centre.
Movie Based on Olympic Story.
On October 14, 2012 a movie based on his life leading up to his Olympic Gold medal, “Xu Haifeng and his Gun" premiered in China. The movie was directed by Wang Fangfang () and stars Li Dongxue () as Xu Haifeng.

</doc>
<doc id="18786505" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18786505" title="Festival of Pacific Arts">
Festival of Pacific Arts

The Festival of Pacific Arts, or Pacific Arts Festival, is a traveling festival hosted every four years by a different country in Oceania (map). It was conceived by the Secretariat of the Pacific Community (former ""South Pacific Commission"") as a means to stem erosion of traditional cultural practices by sharing and exchanging culture at each festival. The major theme of the festival is traditional song and dance. The 2008 Festival of Pacific Arts was hosted by American Samoa from 20 July to 2 August 2008; it was the 10th Festival of Pacific Arts.
The Pacific Cultural Council (former ""Pacific Arts Council"" or ""Council of Pacific Arts"," originally ""South Pacific Arts Festival Council"") selects the host country and recognizes that each participating country desires the opportunity to showcase its unique indigenous culture by hosting the festival. Host selection is based on principles of equity and preference is given to countries which have not yet hosted. The festival host country pays participants' costs of local travel, accommodation, meals, and other forms of hospitality. Entry to all artistic events is free to the public thereby maximizing cultural outreach and inclusion.
By its vastness, the Pacific Ocean inhibits social and cultural interchange between the inhabitants of its mostly island countries. The festival, not a competition but a cultural exchange, reunites people and reinforces regional identity and mutual appreciation of Pacific-wide culture. Participating countries select artist-delegates to represent the nation at this crossroads of cultures, considered a great honour.
About 2,000 artists attended the 2008 Festival of Pacific Arts from these participating countries: American Samoa, Australia, Cook Islands, Easter Island, Federated States of Micronesia, Fiji, French Polynesia, Guam, Hawaii, Kiribati, Marshall Islands, Nauru, New Caledonia, New Zealand, Niue, Norfolk Island, Northern Mariana Islands, Palau, Papua New Guinea, Pitcairn Islands, Sāmoa, Solomon Islands, Tokelau, Tonga, Tuvalu, Vanuatu, and Wallis and Futuna. Taiwan was allowed to send a delegation of 80 performers and artists, most of whom were Taiwanese aborigines, to the Festival of Pacific Arts for the first time in 2008. Taiwan had previously applied to attend the Townsville, Australia, festival but was denied.

</doc>
<doc id="18786517" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18786517" title="Ildrim">
Ildrim

Ildrim (foaled in 1897) was an American Thoroughbred racehorse best known for winning the 1900 Belmont Stakes at Morris Park Racecourse in The Bronx, New York under future U.S. Racing Hall of Fame jockey, Nash Turner.
At age three, Ildrim also won the Baychester Stakes, ran second in the important Lawrence Realization at Sheepshead Bay Race Track, and was third in the Withers Stakes at Morris Park. [http://query.nytimes.com/gst/abstract.html?res=9803E1DC143DE433A25750C1A9639C946197D6CF

</doc>
<doc id="18786524" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18786524" title="Yevhen Selin">
Yevhen Selin

Yevhen Selin (born 9 May 1988, Novoaidar, Voroshylovhrad Oblast, Ukrainian SSR) is a professional Ukrainian football defender who plays for Dynamo Kyiv.
Career.
Selin is the product of the Stal Achevsk youth system where he was trained up by A. H. Shapovalov. He was bought by Metalist during the 2006/2007 season in 2007, however was put in Metalist Reserves. Myron Markevych promoted Selin to the senior team for the 2008–09 season. On 10 June 2010 left Metalist and joined on loan to Ukrainian Premier League rival Vorskla Poltava without a sold option.
International career.
Spotted by Pavel Yakovenko, Selin was called up to the Ukrainian Under-21 National Football Team.
On 7 October 2011, he made his debut for the senior side and netted a goal in the 3:0 home win against Bulgaria in an exhibition match.
Personal life.
Selin has a secondary school education. Other than trying to the reach the highest level in football, he enjoys to go fishing, playing billiards and likes automobiles.

</doc>
<doc id="18786529" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18786529" title="CP-154,526">
CP-154,526

CP-154,526 is a potent and selective antagonist of the corticotropin releasing hormone receptor 1 developed by Pfizer.
CP-154,526 is under investigation for the potential treatment of alcoholism.

</doc>
<doc id="18786531" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18786531" title="Thetford to Bury St Edmunds line">
Thetford to Bury St Edmunds line

The Thetford to Bury St Edmunds line is a closed railway between Thetford in Norfolk and Bury St Edmunds in Suffolk, England. It was a single line railway of . 
History.
Opening.
The line opened on 1 March 1876 and was bought by the Great Eastern Railway (GER) two years later. 
Train services.
The line typically had four return passenger services and one freight working a day.
Closure.
It closed to passengers on 8 June 1953 and goods traffic on 27 June 1960.

</doc>
<doc id="18786532" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18786532" title="Michael Morrison (footballer)">
Michael Morrison (footballer)

Michael Brian Morrison (born 3 March 1988) is an English footballer currently playing for Charlton Athletic, where he is vice-captain. He plays as a centre-back but can also play as a right-back.
Career.
Cambridge United.
Morrison grew up in Haverhill, Suffolk, attending Castle Manor School, and started his career at Cambridge United where he came through their youth academy and at the age of 15 became the youngest player to ever feature for their reserve side. He made his debut for Cambridge United in October 2005 against Halifax when he was aged 17, and was voted young player of the year for three years in row between 2006 and 2008. He appeared for the England C national football team against Finland in November 2007 and against Wales in May 2008 when England retained the Four Nations Tournament champions title.
Leicester City.
Morrison joined Leicester City on 2 July 2008, signing a two-year contract for an undisclosed fee. Pleased at joining Leicester, Morrison believed his transfer was in the best interests of Cambridge, who could've lost him on a free transfer. He saw manager Nigel Pearson as his mentor due to his past experience as a defender. Morrison made his professional debut in a 2–0 win over MK Dons on 9 August, scoring his first goal in a 4–2 win over Huddersfield Town on 24 January 2009. He returned to the first-team line-up in November 2008 after Patrick Kisnorbo was ruled out by injury. Helping Leicester win promotion as champions, he ended their last home game of the season by scoring two goals against Scunthorpe United on 24 April, the night they received the League One trophy.
Happy to fight for a first-team spot in the 2009–10 season, Morrison's squad number was changed from 15 to 4. On 6 October 2009, Morrison signed a two-year contract extension with Leicester, keeping him at the club until June 2012. He scored his first goal of the season in a 2–1 home win over Sheffield United on Boxing Day. Morrison took over the right back role in January 2010, after a poor display from teammate Robbie Neilson.
Sheffield Wednesday.
On 7 January 2011 it was announced that Morisson had signed for Sheffield Wednesday
on a three-and-a-half-year contract for an undisclosed fee.
Charlton Athletic.
On 12 July 2011, Morrison joined League One side Charlton Athletic on a three-year contract for an undisclosed fee. He quickly established himself as a key member of Chris Powell's team, winning League One Player of the Month for November 2011. He is currently vice-captain at The Valley, having established himself as the team's first choice centre-half during the 2012/2013 Championship campaign, in which the Addicks finished in 9th place.
International career.
Morrison has represented England at semi professional level during his time at Cambridge United playing for the England C sometimes known as the 'England National Game XI'.
He appeared for the England C national football team against Finland in November 2007 and against Wales in May 2008 when England retained the Four Nations Tournament champions title.

</doc>
<doc id="18786555" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18786555" title="1980 Detroit Lions season">
1980 Detroit Lions season

The 1980 Detroit Lions season was the 51st season in franchise history. As the result of the 1979 season, the Lions were able to select Heisman Trophy-winning Oklahoma Sooner halfback Billy Sims with the first pick in the NFL draft. In his rookie season, Sims rushed his way to the Offensive Rookie of the Year Award while carrying the Lions back to respectability. After winning its first four games, the Lions improved from the previous season, finishing 9–7, narrowly missing out on landing a playoff berth and the NFC Central title by a tiebreaker against the Minnesota Vikings.
Regular season.
In his NFL debut, Billy Sims had three touchdowns.

</doc>
<doc id="18786558" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18786558" title="Fender Urge Bass">
Fender Urge Bass

The Fender Urge Bass and Fender Urge II Bass are models of electric bass guitars produced by Fender. The models were designed and are endorsed by bassist Stu Hamm. 
Features include a sleekly designed alder body with two Custom Noiseless Jazz Bass pickups, one Custom Precision Bass pickup, 3-band EQ, 18V power supply and panning pickup selector controls, asymmetrical oval neck profile, 6-bolt neck design with a sculpted heel, a full 34"-scale length graphite-reinforced maple neck featuring a 2-octave rosewood fingerboard with 24 medium-jumbo frets. There was also a short-lived Urge Standard which was made in Mexico between 1993 and 1999, featuring a medium 32"-scale length, two standard Jazz Bass pickups and active circuitry with dual concentric volume and tone for each pickup.
As of 2008, the Urge II came with a Hipshot Drop D-tuner and three new finishes: Ocean Turquoise, Red Sparkle and Black with Matching Headstock. As of January 1, 2010, the Urge II bass has been discontinued by Fender after 20 years on the roster of Fender basses. The Stu Hamm Urge Bass was the first signature instrument from Fender.

</doc>
<doc id="18786567" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18786567" title="Fuck the Facts">
Fuck the Facts

Fuck the Facts is a Canadian grindcore band from Ottawa, Ontario, formed in 1998. They began in the late nineties as a solo recording project constructed by musician Topon Das. After many early recordings, including split tapes with groups from around the world, Fuck the Facts began developing a name in the underground with fans of grind. In 2001, the first full-length CD-R, "Discoing the Dead", was recorded. The same year, Das would assemble a full band to continue with the project. The band has since coined the terms "bastardized grindcore" and "mullet-core" to describe their sound.
History.
Formation (1998–2001).
Fuck the Facts began early in 1997 as an unnamed recording project by Topon Das. The project remained nameless until featured on a compilation in 1998, where Topon decided upon the name Fuck the Facts after a song from the first Naked City album. A self-titled cassette was released on Topon's own Dedfuk Records that compiled all of the recordings made since the projects’ inception. Fuck the Facts then released split cassettes with Cult of the Damned, Longdreamdead and S.M.E.S. before releasing another full-length cassette entitled "Vagina Dancer" in September 2000 on Slovak label Where Late The Birds Sang. "Vagina Dancer" showcased a more experimental, noise side to Fuck the Facts than the self-titled release which featured more of a grindcore style.
"Discoing the Dead", "Mullet Fever" (2001–2002).
With the two full length tapes, and the various splits, Fuck The Facts started to gain notoriety in the underground noise and grindcore world. The next full length, "Discoing the Dead", was recorded in 2000 and released on Ghetto Blaster Recordings (another label run by Topon) on February 6, 2001. Positive feedback with this release motivated Topon to continue Fuck the Facts as a full band. Drummer Matt Connell and guitarist Tim Audette joined in late February. The three recorded music for a split with Ames Sanglates, before the addition of vocalist Brent Christoff in April and bassist Shomir Das in May. In May 2001, the band recorded and released "Four0ninE", an EP which featured a cover of The Beach Boys song "409."
Shomir left the band after only three days, but the band continued on as a four piece performing their first live show on August 4, 2001 in Melbourne, Quebec. Regular performances around Ontario and Quebec continued until the fall when the band decided to record a full length release. Before the end of 2001, the new Fuck the Facts lineup would release "Mullet Fever", the full length follow-up to "Discoing the Dead". Mullet Fever, with its catchphrase "37 songs in 35 minutes," featured a more punk influenced grindcore sound, though still retained some of the noise influence.
"Backstabber Etiquette", Splits (2002–2003).
In early 2002, following the recording of "Mullet Fever", Fuck the Facts parted ways with vocalist Brent Christoff. Soon after, a replacement was found in Mel Mongeon. While Mel had made a guest appearance on a previously recorded split, her first recording as a member of the band was a re-recording of the song "The Burning Side" for the Goreland compilation CD released by Black Hole Productions (the song was originally featured on Discoing the Dead performed by entirely by Topon). Since joining the band, Mel has done most of the artwork for Fuck the Facts releases.
The summer of 2002 saw the band expand their touring area reaching as far west as Winnipeg, and including a December tour of the Maritimes. The touring, along with the release of a split with Sylvester Staline, helped expand their fanbase overseas. The summer of 2002 also saw the release of "Escunta", the long awaited noise follow-up to "Vagina Dancer", on Mandarangan Recordings. "Escunta" had been recorded from late 1999 to early 2000 before Topon had assembled the band, but its release had been delayed until now.
Following the winter Maritime tour, Fuck the Facts recorded their next full length album entitled "Backstabber Etiquette". It was released in early 2003 on Grind It! Records (a sublabel of Great White North Records). This new release featured a matured sound that incorporated progressive death metal elements to an already expanding sound.
After the release of "Backstabber Etiquette", more touring ensued. This proved to be too demanding for guitarist Tim Audette. Tim parted ways with the band in June 2003 following a Maritime tour. The band continued as a three-piece and recorded a series of three splits with Feeble Minded, Sergent Slaughter and Subcut respectively. While recording the material for these splits, guitarist Dave Menard joined the band and brought new inspiration. However, the split with Subcut would be the last recording with drummer Matt Connell who felt it was time to part ways with the band.
"Legacy of Hopelessness" (2004–2006).
Shortly after Matt’s departure, local drummer Tim Olsen was brought in as a replacement. Also around that time, Marc-André Mongeon was brought as a bassist (the first since Shomir had left the band in 2001). As a five-piece, the band toured throughout the summer of 2004 across Canada. By the time mid-2005 came around, the constant touring proved to be too much for Marc and Dave and they decided to step down.
Mathieu Vilandré and Steve Chartier (aka Esteve Decalisse) were brought on guitar and bass respectively just in time for touring in support of Fuck the Fact’s next release, "Legacy of Hopelessness". This six-song EP had been recorded in the fall of 2004 and was co-released in June 2005 through Topon's Ghetto Blaster Recordings and Steve's label Capital Kill. A much more experimental release, "Legacy of Hopelessness" featured more electronic and ambient elements combined with the usual Fuck the Facts grindcore sound. The summer support tour for the EP took the band all the way from Sydney, Nova Scotia to Vancouver, British Columbia.
"Collection of Splits, Stigmata High-Five" (2006–2007).
Upon return from the "Legacy of Hopelessness" tour, Mathieu Vilandré and Steve Chartier were brought into the band as permanent members. It was at this time that the band recorded a two song pre-production demo as an indicator of the direction the band would be taking for their next album. These demos were eventually released on two splits (with Pleasant Valley and Mesrine), and were used to look for a possible record deal. 
At the start of 2006, Tim Olsen was asked to leave the band. Mathieu Vilandré, who had previously filled in on drums, took over the position permanently and recording began for the next full length album in February. Early in the recording process, the band was contacted by Relapse Records and secured a three album deal with them that would start with their next album. In the interim, the "Collection of Splits 2002-2004" was released by Great White North Records which exposed fans to some of the band's music that was more difficult to acquire due to limited pressings. It included all of the material from the splits released between "Backstabber Etiquette" and "Legacy of Hopelessness" (with Subcut, Sergent Slaughter, Feeble Minded and Sylvester Staline) as well as enhanced MP3 tracks from some earlier splits.
The summer of 2006 was filled with tours of the Maritimes, North-Eastern United States (including a performance at the New England Doom and Grind Festival), Ontario and Quebec. In August 2006, "Stigmata High-Five" was released on Relapse Records. The album highlighted not just a change in musical direction, but also a development in the recording quality. For the first time, the band had enlisted a separate producer to help them forge their sound and went to a professional studio to record.
Following the release of "Stigmata High-Five", the band filmed a music video, featuring local actors Adam Steptoe, Luke Williams, and Eugene Swain, for the song "The Sound of Your Smashed Head" on location in London, Ontario, Canada, and spent seven weeks in the US touring, including a slot on the Relapse Contamination Festival before returning home to start a three-week tour of Ontario and Quebec which ended in November. Constant touring continued into early 2007 with a Maritime tour in March. A two-week tour followed that took the band down to Texas and back up to Canada in time for another tour of Ontario. The band decided to take a break in June to begin work on their next album.
"Disgorge Mexico" (2007–2009).
Following the final "Stigmata High-Five" tour in June 2007, the band parted ways with bassist Steve Chartier "for reasons that aren't that uncommon of why bands and people split." The band then spent two weeks going on a road trip to Mexico and back to write the material for their next album. The album was tracked that August; however, immediately following that, the three remaining members decided that it was time to take a break.
With no plans, the completion of the next album was questionable. At this point, the band still remained somewhat silent on their situation; however, by January 2008, they were back performing again. The touring, along with some personal issues, slowed the mixing and mastering progress of the album, however by April it was announced that "Disgorge Mexico" would be released in North America on July 22, 2008 as the band's second Relapse Records release. The band celebrated the album's release with a free CD release party in which they performed the entire CD from start to finish on August 2 in Hull, Quebec.
In 2009, Fuck the Facts embarked on their first ever European tour. Polish Relapse Records label mates Antigama and Dutch grindcore band Dr. Doom joined Fuck the Facts for the tour which lasted from February 12 to March 3, 2009. In an interview, Topon noted the irony that the band was only now finding its way to Europe considering that many of their earlier releases (up to a decade earlier) were on European labels. Late in 2009, the band announced that touring bassist Marc Bourgon had become a full-time member of the band. Marc had been touring with the band since January 2008, and had recorded with the band on their latest split with Leng Tch'e.
"Unnamed EP" and "Die Miserable" (2010–present).
In late 2009, the band announced that the following year would see the release of a new EP, their first video release, and a new full-length album. In late February 2010, they released "Unnamed EP" having been recorded by the band and featuring artwork created and printed by the band. Many reviewers lauded the band for their "do it yourself" ethic. In early March, the band left for Europe on their "Unnamed European Tour 2010" including a few countries they had yet to visit such as Sweden, Norway and Denmark.
Upon returning to North America, the band completed work on their first video release, "". The DVD combined a live performance of their 2008 album "Disgorge Mexico" with a short art film made by Canadian filmmaker David Hall that used the album as its soundtrack. A bonus DVD featuring a plethora of other videos was also included in limited numbers.
Fuck the Facts released "Die Miserable" on October 11, 2011, on Relapse Records. The band begun recording the album in January 2010, but put it on hold to go on various tours and release their EP and DVD. A companion EP, "Misery", was released the same day by the band. Fuck the Facts will release a new EP, "Amer", on June 18, 2013.
Musical style.
Fuck the Facts has had three different vocalists, all with their own style and impact on the sound of the band. The first recordings up until "Discoing the Dead" feature only Topon on vocals (aside from a few guest appearances). His singing varies between deep growls and more high pitched screams. The "Mullet Fever" lineup features Brent Christoff who has a slightly deeper, more grunting sound. The biggest change is with the replacement of Brent with Mel Mongeon who has a very distinctive high-pitched shriek which has become the vocal style that the band is most known for.
Most (if not all) Fuck the Facts songs are played on guitars tuned down a fourth (B E A D F# B). Bass tuning is the same (B E A D), though depending on the performer, sometimes a 5 string bass is used. Common grindcore elements such as blast beats are also present. Generally, most of the songs feature the darker modes such as Aeolian, Phrygian, Locrian and heavy use of the tritone, though many songs feature other more chromatic scales as well. Different textures are used to create different moods. For example, a common feature will be the use of clean guitar within the context of a grindcore song that creates a radical change in the sound of the piece (an example would be the last half of "Gated Community" from "Mullet Fever"). Despite these few generalities, the musical style of the band has changed over the years.
Early period.
Topon has stated numerous times that the name Fuck the Facts was chosen, in part, as a statement about his attitude towards the music he wrote. He tried not to feel hampered by genre labels, and that is reflected in the musical style. The earlier Fuck the Facts recordings up until approximately 2000 featured a combination of grindcore and noise. Though those two genres were prominent during this era of recording, many other styles crept into the music as well including death metal, electronic and even as some as diverse as disco and jazz. When "Discoing the Dead" was released in early 2001, it retained many of these experimental styles, paving the way for the beginning of the first incarnation of Fuck the Facts as a full band.
In addition to the grindcore style of the recordings, there were also many songs that were almost straight noise recordings. "Vagina Dancer" and "Escunta", recorded in 2000 and 2001 respectively, are the core of these noise recordings, with some other tracks being featured on various compilations and splits.
"Mullet Fever" was released in 2002 and featured a more punk-influenced grindcore sound. However, many of the songs included more experimental (for grindcore) styles including rap, hip-hop, jazz, noise and electronic. The album was largely recorded in one session of the band recording their own jam session and some minimal editing afterwards, and may explain why this album stands out on its own in terms of musical style and scope.
Middle period.
When "Backstabber Etiquette" was recorded in 2002, vocalist Mel Mongeon had replaced Christoff, and her distinctive growl was markedly different than Brent's deep sound. Mel's higher pitched scream became the norm for the band. The musical style became more heavily influenced by death metal and showed more technical aspirations. This style persisted over the splits recorded between" Backstabber Etiquette" and "Legacy of Hopelessness" (these recordings are largely what make up the tracks on the "Collection of Splits 2002-2004").
"Legacy of Hopelessness" showcased a bit of a departure for the band in that it had a lot more electronic influences. Keyboards are featured on nearly every track, and are sometimes the primary focus. Of course, grindcore is still quite present as well as Mel's distinctive vocals. The change in musical style can probably be attributed to this being initially intended to be a solo release by Topon, but was migrated over to the band when it was realized that another full-length release was not quite feasible.
Later period.
"Stigmata High-Five" represents the latest musical style of the band. The grindcore and death metal elements are still present, but so are more progressive and experimental ideas mixed with metalcore elements. The album contains longer songs with more intricate riffs and atypical time signatures. For example, the opening song "La Dernière Image" moves from groove-oriented grindcore based around a repeating clave rhythm with odd meters interspersed throughout (the clave rhythm and odd meters are both basic musical features of much progressive rock). A middle section counters that with more ambient textures and clean guitars.
"Disgorge Mexico" contains shorter songs than "Stigmata High-Five" but retains a similar overall musical style. In some cases, the experimental ideas are expanded further to the point where one track contains a section that is reminiscent of straight ahead jazz and contains a high register melodic bass solo typical of jazz or fusion. Rhythmic elements often featured in progressive rock are still present, and metric dissonance via polyrhythms are often present.
Discography.
In addition to the releases below, Fuck the Facts have released a plethora of splits that count for a large portion of their repertoire. Additionally, the band has been featured on numerous compilations and tribute albums.

</doc>
<doc id="18786569" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18786569" title="Jacob Ben-Arie">
Jacob Ben-Arie

Jacob Ben-Arie () is a former Israeli paralympic champion.
Ben-Arie was born in 1950 in Kibbutz Na'an, grandson of Yerachmiel Tzimbal. Shortly after he was born the family moved to live in Kibbutz Gesher, where he was affected by polio in 1952. In 1960 the family moved Givatayim, where he began in 1962 to practice sports at the Israel Sports Center for the Disabled.
Between 1968 - 1976, Ben-Arie completed a degree in Biology at Tel Aviv University and studied for MA in Psychology and Biomechanics at New York University. Alongside his studies he continued to practice in swimming, wheelchair basketball and athletics. Throughout the years he took part in several Stoke Mandeville Games and Paralympic Games.
Beginning in 1978, Ben-Arie worked at "Telrad" telecommunications company. Promoted to the rank of deputy CEO, he retired in 1998. Appointed in 2002 as director of the Israel Sports Center for the Disabled, he held the position until 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="18786570" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18786570" title="Idania Fernandez">
Idania Fernandez

Idania de Los Angeles Fernandez, born July 23, 1952 in Managua, Nicaragua, assassinated in captivity in Leon, Nicaragua April 16, 1979. One of the most cherished martyrs of the Nicaraguan Revolution. Scholars in US universities have placed her name next to Camilo Torres Restrepo, Che Guevara, José Martí in that they shared a profound sensitivity toward injustice. 
Legacy.
Religious books and works of columnists and editorials have been dedicated to her memory. Works of testimonial literature like "Adios Muchachos" , by Sergio Ramirez, and "We are all awake" by Margaret Randall, cite as an example of life. Until today her memory as such is recalled frequently in speeches and editorials in Nicaragua.
The early years.
The second of five children. Lived her early years in Leon, Nicaragua. She was 3 years old when her family moved to the neighborhood of Subtiava, in the outskirts of Leon. Her birthday coincides with the anniversary of the Somoza's National Guard massacre on college students marching on the streets of Leon in 1956. This is, each birthday of her life was a reminder of Students Martyrs, for it was a day off in schools in Nicaragua by decree. She lived in Managua between age six and ten. In 1962 her family moved to the town of Jinotega. On Sunday family outings visited San Rafael del Norte and other surrounding towns in the mountains that witnessed Gen. Augusto César Sandino zaga in the 1930s.
Education.
Returning to Managua, finished Elementary and High school at the French School of the Sacred Heart between 1965 and 1972, the same school attended by prominent personalities in Nicaragua today including ex-President of Nicaragua, Violeta Chamorro.
From Catholic to revolutionary.
Idania developed organizational and leadership skills as a member of the group "Las Metanoias" in Senior High School. The group made spiritual retreat trips to hacienda El Tepeyac, near Mombacho Volcano and Lake Nicaragua for study and discussions on the Liberation Theology. Idania turned an ardent activist and represented her school among a broad base of organizations engaged in demonstrations demanding the release of political prisoners in 1971–1972. Her activities won her a slap on the face from Sister Nicolle, the school Director, who actually feared for Idania's fate.
In 1973, her family moved to Panama and she started her college education in Economics at the University of Panama. Resumed activism joining the Solidarity Committees in support of the Sandinista Liberation Front prisoners. In 1974 She married David Miranda, a Panamanian-Nicaraguan student of Economics also. In August 1975 she gave birth to daughter Claudia, named after Claudia Chamorro another Sandinista fallen years earlier.
Reunion with the Sandinista leadership.
Following the successful Sandinista operatives at the Chema Castillo's residence in the 1974 Christmas party with attendance of dictator Somoza's Elite, Idania had the opportunity she longed for so long. She was finally able to meet personally the Sandinistas she fought so hard for their release since her school days, upon their arrival to Panama.
Because Idania had residence in Panama since 1973, and many friends, she helped in the logistics to provide accommodations and supplies to the Sandinistas; so much, that she donated her personal belongings (furniture, appliances, books, etc.) to the safe houses in Panama where the Sandinistas were staying. It did not take long for Idania to fit perfectly in the "organization" (as they used to call the Sandinista National Liberation Front in Panama where they enjoyed medium security environment.
Idania was considered to participate in the spectacular raid at the National Government Palace in 1978, taking 3000 hostages, which resulted in the release of several Sandinistas in captivity. Ultimately; Dora María Téllez was chosen, the only woman in the operative, named after Rigoberto López Pérez.
Military training.
In 1978 following the popular insurrection in Monimbo, Masaya, 78), Idania decided to join full time the ranks of the FSLN Command in Panama and Costa Rica, where she frequently met with members of the "Direccion Nacional", the highest ranking of that organization. She trained in Cuba in rocket launching in the middle of 1978. General Omar Torrijos, and the people of Panama, did not like the Somoza dictatorship and offered logistic support to the Sandinistas and also military training in the Province of Chiriqui (Panama) and she also trained there among other young cadres.
Wounded in the Southern Front.
Between 1975 and 1978 Idania made trips to Nicaragua and Costa Rica on clandestine missions, including one trip to the Northern Front and different operatives, but in September 1978 she was wounded in combat on the left hand in Nicaragua near the southern border. She was taken initially to a Costa Rican hospital near the border, and her pictures appeared in Costa Rican newspapers front page referring to her only as "Angela", respecting her identity. Fearing for her security at the Hospital, Sergio Ramirez's wife picked her up and took her to a Sandinista makeshift hospital in Nicaragua near the border.
Upon her return to Panama, the Panamanian military had assigned Secret Service security personnel to high ranking or identifiable Sandinistas including Idania. She could no longer use her real name or passport on her missions to Nicaragua either, or visit public places in Panama without escort. She was also required to carry a high caliber Magnum pistol in her purse at all times, which she did.
After a number of spontaneous uprisings in Monimbo, Matagalpa, Estelí and other cites, where the Sandinistas were forced to fight in support of the people's uprising, rather than the opposite, a major shift in Sandinista strategy was developed. In order to take the lead of the Insurrection, two major Insurrectional Commands were organized; the Frente Interno in Managua and the Western command in the city of Leon. Idania was assigned to the newly formed Western Insurrectional Command, which required experience with the communities and base organizations ("trabajo de barrios"), worker unions, students, religious groups and organizing the neighborhoods for the final offensive.
Plans for a final insurrection and a new government junta.
In February 1979, Omar Torrijos, head of the Panamenian government invited the Grupo de Los Doce, prominent Nicaraguan businessmen backing up the Sandinistas, for talks in Panama. By this time, arms shipments from Venezuela and Cuba were under way. Dr. Joaquin Cuadra, a member of Los Doce and whose son Joaquin Cuadra, leader of the Frente Interno Sandinista Command, was in Nicaragua, invited Idania and Oscar Perez Cassar for the talks and dinner. Idania and Oscar were also members of the Frente Interno, and scheduled to go back to Nicaragua via Honduras, to assume the leadership of the Western Regional Command for the final Insurrection. Sergio Ramirez, also a member of Los Doce and a member of the upcoming Government Junta, relates that Idania attended with her hand still bandaged from surgery after her wounds in September.
In March 1979, Idania went back to Nicaragua to resume her new post in the Western Regional Command, the leading Commando of the Insurrection, and was prepared to stay indefinitely until victory or death, as a member of the ill-fated Insurrectional Command "Rigoberto López Pérez" headed by Dora Maria Tellez. In late 1978 the Somoza's National Guard had been killing the population without mercy in the towns of Leon, Masaya, Estelí by aerial bombing, reported by the Red Cross. That was too much to bear for the Sandinistas. It was about time to finish the Somoza's regime.
The Swan Over the Burning Coals.
Title chosen by Sergio Ramirez for the chapter of his book ""Adios Muchachos"" dedicated to the memory of the events the day that shook the entire City of Leon, specially, and the rest of the country. On April 16, 1979 the Sandinista war was escalating fast. Combats were taking place in more than twenty cities in Nicaragua. However; most of the leaders of the soon to be Revolutionary Government were in Costa Rica or Panama in safe houses. Their role was to provide the military strategy, negotiations with foreign governments and sketching a plan for the new an imminent Nicaraguan Government Junta. The war was actually run in the field by five Regional Commands. The most important ones were the Western Command based in the City of Leon and the Frente Interno, based in Managua. They were considered critical for a fast victory. The Regional Commands had the future of Nicaragua at hand.
On that day, the Members of the Western Regional Command integrated by Oscar Perez Cassar, Idania Fernandez, Araceli Perez Darias, Ana Isabel Morales, Edgard Lang Sacasa, Roger Deshon Arguello and Carlos Manuel Jarquin were in session in a safe house in the suburbs of Leon. The National Guard was attacking heavily the City of Estelí, near the mountains and they were coordinating the efforts to help them. Reportedly, there was a whistleblower, a supposedly former Sandinista militia who turned police informant. The informant and eighty members of the National Guard, in jeeps and tanks, surrounded the block, and stormed into the house. The Sandinistas had no chance to escape or to grab their weapons. Ana Isabel put an apron on, grabbed a child form an adjacent house, and passed herself off as a domestic. She was the only survivor. The informant identified positively the men as important cadre, but he argued not knowing the women. So, all men were executed on the spot, Idania and Araceli were arrested, taken to the Fortin of Acosasco, tortured and murdered.
The aftermath.
Thousands attended their funeral. The entire city of Leon (not to mention the Sandinista ranks at all levels) was enraged. The Somoza government refused to return Araceli's (who was Mexican) remains to her family. Idania's parents and two youngest sisters were living in Dallas, Texas, and contacted the Dallas Morning News. The paper dedicated a full page article on the events in the Sunday edition. Edgard Lang Sacasa was 23 and he was the son of a first cousin to dictator Somoza and a friend of a Wall Street Journal columnist, and this prompted an editorial.
Soon after, as expected, the city of Leon street fighters headed by Dora Maria Tellez, Idania's comrade, increased greaty in numbers and firepower. In June the victory over the Somoza forces in Leon was complete, followed by Managua, two weeks later, and the Somoza regime went with it.
The Legacy.
"I leave you an example of life, mine", wrote Idania to her daughter in her farewell letters. Reprinted in Margaret Randall's book "Todas Estamos Despiertas".
and many columnists' and editorial pages in Nicaragua countless times over the last twenty nine years.
Ernesto Cardenal, Sergio Ramirez and other dissidents of the Sandinistas often quote Idania's writings and ideals. This is a true legacy and probably the best.
After her death, Idania firepower increased thousandfold. In 1984, at the peak of the Contra war, one of the largest battalions of the Sandinista People's Army (Ejército Popular Sandinista), dispatched to the Northern Front to fight the Contras, was named after her.
Occasionally, they name a nursery or police station after Idania but there are no monuments or statues for her in Nicaragua. She would probably have liked it this way. We have seen so many statues fall in world history, but an example of life lasts forever.</ref></ref>

</doc>
<doc id="18786576" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18786576" title="Ryazan miracle">
Ryazan miracle

The Ryazan miracle (or Ryazan affair) was a scandal resulting from a propaganda campaign in support of the Soviet planned economy and organised by the Communist Party Committee of Ryazan Oblast in 1959. It involved promising and then faking the over-fulfilment of the production plan for meat and milk in Ryazan oblast.
Context.
On May 22, 1957 Nikita Khrushchev, the Soviet leader at that time, made a speech at a regional meeting of Soviet agroindustry representatives, in which he aired his famous slogan "Catch up and overtake America" (Догнать и перегнать Америку). In this speech Khrushchev promised to overtake the United States in terms of major economic indicators and to complete building communism by 1980. One of the goals stated in this speech was to triple the amount of meat produced in the Soviet Union within the following three years. However, implementation of this goal remained far from the target. A year after the promise the production had not grown and the USSR was still experiencing food shortages. Khruschev expressed his discontent and, towards the end of 1958, the Central Committee of CPSU issued a circular to obkoms, regional party committees on the oblast level, to take "decisive action" to ensure improvements in meat production in 1959.
Affair.
Alexei Larionov, the first secretary of the Ryazan Obkom (the effective head of the region in the Soviet system), announced a very ambitious goal of tripling the amount of meat produced in the region within the next year. The promise, in spite of being unrealistic, was confirmed at the regional party conference. On October 12, 1958 Larionov delivered the promise to Khrushchev in person, who became excited by the initiative. On January 9, 1959 the promise was published in Pravda, the official party newspaper at the time. The publication was rushed by Khrushchev in spite of objections from the Agricultural Department of the Central Committee. The challenge was met by several other regions including Stavropol and Krasnodar. Even before starting its ambitious programme, the Ryazan region received several awards. In February 1959 the region was awarded with the Order of Lenin.
In order to meet the promise, the region had to slaughter all the bovine herd of 1959, as well as a considerable part of its dairy stock. In addition, all cattle reared by kolkhoz farmers in their private households was appropriated "temporarily". As the collected amount was still not enough to meet the target, obkom had to buy meat in neighbouring regions by relocating funds from other sources, such as the purchase of agricultural tools and construction. On December 16, 1959, Ryazan obkom was able to announce that the region delivered 150,000 tons of meat to the state, which was three times the amount delivered the previous year. On top of this, the regional authorities promised to deliver 180,000 in the next year.
On December 27, 1959 the success was announced by Khruschev himself at the CPSU Plenum "On further development of agricultural production" (О дальнейшем развитии сельскохозяйственного производства). Also in December, Larionov was awarded the title of Hero of Socialist Labour.
However, in 1960 production of meat in Ryazan oblast plummeted to 30,000 tons, since mass slaughter had reduced the amount of cattle by 65% in comparison to the level of 1958. To make matters worse, kolkhoz farmers whose private cattle were "temporarily" appropriated the year before refused to process kolkhoz land. This halved the amount of grain produced in Ryazan oblast. By the fall of 1960, it became impossible to hide the affair. In September 1960 Larionov was dismissed from his post, stripped of the title of Hero of Labour. On October 10, 1960, he committed suicide.
Aftermath.
Similar events happening on a smaller scale in other regions of the Soviet Union resulted in a state-wide drop in agricultural production. Around the same time Khruschev was obsessed with growing maize and forced its widespread planting. Some party leaders in North-West Russia and Baltic were also eager to report their following of the party line, even though maize does not grow well in northern regions.
All these events gave a blow to Khrushchev's image in the Soviet Union. His slogan "Catch up and overtake America" was widely mocked in jokes. The events contributed to his final fall from power in 1964.

</doc>
<doc id="18786590" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18786590" title="Heroes and Villains (TV series)">
Heroes and Villains (TV series)

Heroes and Villains was a 2007-2008 BBC Television docudrama series looking at key moments in the lives and reputations of some of the greatest warriors of history. Each hour long episode featured a different historical figure, including Napoleon I of France, Attila the Hun, Spartacus, Hernán Cortés, Richard I of England, and Tokugawa Ieyasu. The statements at the beginning of each episode read: "This film depicts real events and real characters. It is based on the accounts of writers of the time. It has been written with the advice of modern historians." In the United States the show is aired on The Military Channel and was called "Warriors".
Production.
The series was filmed by BBC Factual department in 720p high definition with the Panasonic DVCPRO HD cameras. The greenscreen scenes were filmed with the handheld AG-HVX200 cameras.
Episodes.
The numbering of the six episodes that make up the series is debatable due to them being listed differently on different sources. The DVD release has them listed in the order of Spartacus, Attila the Hun, Shogun, Richard the Lionheart, Cortes, and Napoleon; while the BBC website guide has them listed as Napoleon 1/6, Cortes 2/6, Attila the Hun 3/6, Shogun 4/6, Spartacus 5/6, and Richard the Lionheart 6/6. However they are listed here by their airdate according to the BBC website.
"Napoleon".
Original Airdate: 11 November 2007
Filmed on location in Malta, this story covers the siege of Toulon. Beginning in Marseilles on 24 August 1793 and ending on 18 December 1793, it covers his rivalry with Fréron as well as his sister Paoletta's affair with Fréron and his rise through the ranks as they fight the English at "Little Gibraltar."
"Attila the Hun".
Original Airdate: 13 February 2008
Attila and his brother, Bleda, make a pact with the Western Roman Emperor to leave their lands untouched. This sends them to the Eastern Roman Empire instead and they take the city of Naissus, prompting the eastern emperor to buy them off. They leave with their prize but Attila soon kill his brother and returns. After defeating the emperor's army, Chrysaphius and Vigilas attempt to bribe Edeco in order to kill Attila but he betrays them. Attila then attacks the western empire because he feels he must, but in doing so he faces Aetius and a coalition of armies belonging to his enemies.
"Spartacus".
Original Airdate: 29 February 2008
Spartacus, sold as a gladiator, organizes an escape and the Roman army is soon hunting him and his fellow escaped slaves. He and his men attack the Romans and other slaves soon arrive to join them which causes trouble between those who want revenge and Spartacus who wishes to flee to Gaul. After another attack by the Romans, they head for Gaul. Yet, after facing the Romans again and winning, Spartacus's men convince him to attack rather than flee. The Romans, however, push them to the ocean and a final battle ensues.
"Cortes".
Original Airdate: 15 March 2008
Cortés and his men arrive in Central America in 1521 in search of riches. They cross the mountains and soon become allies with the Tlaxcalans. Once they reach Tenochtitlan, they are invited in but then proceed to insult the Aztec's customs and take their ruler, Moctezuma, hostage. Yet, when it is discovered that Cortés is a criminal, he must leave the city to fight the army that the king has sent after him. When he returns, he finds that a war has started and the battle over Tenochtitlan begins.
"Richard the Lionheart".
Original Airdate: 22 March 2008
During the Third Crusade, the crusaders arrive in Jaffa and find it destroyed. Amidst uneasiness in the ranks and an attack that leaves one of his close friends dead, Richard hopes to marry off his sister to Al Adil and create an alliance. However, Al Adil will not agree and the crusaders begin to suffer from a lack of supplies. Finally, Richard decides not to attack Jerusalem and the coalition falls apart. Eventually he must face the decision of protecting his kingdom from his brother or completing his oath to God. In the end, Richard plans to return home but when Jaffa is assaulted, he returns to rescue his men.
"Shogun".
Original Airdate: 29 March 2008
After the Taiko's death in 1598, Ieyasu has his son sent away which upsets Mitsunari. After an attack by Mitsunari, Ieyasu's son, Hidetada, takes his men to find Mitsunari but he escapes. Ieyasu forces Mitsunari into exile and begins to take control of the government. However, when another lord begins to rebel, Ieyasu convinces Hideaki to join him in battle only to have Mitsunari turn him later on. Eventually the two armies meet and the Battle of Sekigahara begins, with Hideaki unable to choose which side to fight for. He eventually chooses Ieyasu and they win the battle, taking control of Japan.
Media information.
DVD release.
The series was released as a two disc set on Region 2 DVD by BBC Video on 24 March 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="18786594" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18786594" title="1993–94 Slovenian Cup">
1993–94 Slovenian Cup


</doc>
<doc id="18786618" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18786618" title="Andrea Patrick">
Andrea Patrick

Andrea Patrick Forte (born February 19, 1961 in Uniontown, Pennsylvania) is CEO/Owner of Patrick Talent Agency.
Andrea launched her career in the entertainment industry as a dancer. In her teen years, her hours of training and dedication paid off and at age 16, she was selected as Miss Dance Pennsylvania. She was crowned Miss Pennsylvania USA in 1980 and Miss West Virginia America in 1983.
Andrea Patrick Forte Editor-in-Chief and Publisher, Gladys Magazine Andrea Patrick Forte is not only the CEO/Owner of one the world’s most enduring and service-oriented modeling agencies, but she embodies everything her models represents. She is one of the only titleholders to capture the crown in both systems being named Miss Pennsylvania-USA in 1980 and Miss West Virginia America in 1983. Andrea has been working in the modeling and fashion industry for more than half her life and continues to keep her focus in the entertainment industry. This former model turned entrepreneur has appeared in Beverly Hills 213, LA Style, Whirl Magazine, Corridor Magazine, Star Magazine, Four Points Magazine, Pittsburgh Magazine and on several Covers and appeared in People Magazine with her husband, 50′s icon, Fabian in their Most Beautiful Wedding Issue. Married in 1998 at Nemacolin Woodlands Resort in Farmington, PA, Andrea and Fabian just celebrated their 15th wedding anniversary. They live on 20 acres in Southwestern Pennsylvania in a home that Andrea designed.
This Power Woman/Publisher is a former Director of Fashion and Beauty of an international magazine and her style has graced the pages of Pittsburgh Magazine as one of Pittsburgh”s 25 Most Beautiful People and her unique sense of fashion from red carpet events to everyday life has inspired those around her. In 2007, she founded and created her own line of inspirational statement clothing and products that raise money for charity called Once Upon A Dream. Her experience as a Modeling Advice Columnist, Fashion Columnist, clothing designer and published writer inspired Andrea to publish her own magazine. Andrea Patrick Forte says what matters now in her life is not the resume she has compiled throughout her career but the beliefs she holds. Andrea is enjoying celebrating five years of publishing Gladys Magazine. www.gladysmagazine.com
Personal life.
In 1998, Andrea married 1950’s rock ‘n roll artist Fabian Forte.

</doc>
<doc id="18786630" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18786630" title="1979–80 Minnesota North Stars season">
1979–80 Minnesota North Stars season

The 1979–80 Minnesota North Stars season was the 13th season in North Stars history. The previous year's merger with the Cleveland Barons began to pay off as the North Stars finished with a winning record for the first time in seven years, and finished in third place in the Adams Division with 88 points. Former Baron Al MacAdam led the team in scoring with 93 points and captured the Bill Masterton Trophy. In the playoffs, the North Stars shocked the hockey world by eliminating the 4-time Stanley Cup champion Montreal Canadiens in seven games. The upset earned the North Stars a trip to the semi-finals.
Player stats.
Skaters.
"Note: GP = Games played; G = Goals; A = Assists; Pts = Points; +/- = Plus/minus; PIM = Penalty minutes"
Goaltenders.
"Note: GP = Games played; TOI = Time on ice (minutes); W = Wins; L = Losses; OT = Overtime losses; GA = Goals against; SO = Shutouts; SV% = Save percentage; GAA = Goals against average"

</doc>
<doc id="18786634" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18786634" title="Quintino">
Quintino

Quintino (Latin "Quintinus", from "Quintus") is a Latin-derived male given name meaning "the fifth". 

</doc>
<doc id="18786649" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18786649" title="Marley Watkins">
Marley Watkins

Marley Joseph Watkins (born 17 October 1990) is a footballer who plays for Inverness Caledonian Thistle. He plays as a midfielder on the left or right wing.
Personal life.
Born in London, Watkins grew up in Swansea. Through his parents, he also qualifies to play for Wales and France.
Career.
Watkins started his career as a youth player at Swansea City but was released and instead joined Cheltenham Town in 2007. He made a few substitute appearances during Cheltenham's pre-season friendlies in the build up to the 2008–09 campaign. On 9 August 2008, he made his first senior appearance for the club, playing in the last ten minutes of the 4–2 defeat at Northampton Town, becoming Cheltenham Town's youngest player. He scored his first professional goal coming on as a substitute against Northampton in the 2009–10 season.
In September 2010, Watkins joined Conference National side Bath City on loan. Joined Bath City on a permanent basis in January 2011 after a successful loan spell.
At the start of the 2012/2013 season Marley trialled at Hereford United, before being signed on a one-year contract, with a fee being agreed at a tribunal, after Bath City offered the young winger terms. Marley had a great start to his Hereford career winning Player of the month in his first month at the club, and has since scored 5 goals in 25 appearances.
In June 2013 it was announced that Marley would be joining Inverness Caledonian Thistle for the 2013-2014 season.
He made his Inverness CT debut at Celtic Park in August, coming on as a substitute in a 2-2 draw with Celtic.

</doc>
<doc id="18786654" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18786654" title="Giulietta e Romeo (Vaccai)">
Giulietta e Romeo (Vaccai)

Giulietta e Romeo ("Romeo and Juliet") is an opera in two acts by the Italian composer Nicola Vaccai. The libretto, by Felice Romani, is based on the tragedy of the same name by Luigi Scevola and, ultimately, on the 1530 novella of the same name by Luigi da Porto. It was first performed at the Teatro alla Canobbiana, Milan on 31 October 1825. It was Vaccai's last major success, although he wrote another nine operas, and is rarely performed in its full version today.
The opera was also first performed in Barcelona on 26 May 1827, Paris on 11 September 1827, Lisbon in the autumn of 1828, London on 10 April 1832, and Mexico in July 1841. It was first performed in Graz (in a German translation by I. C. Kollmann) on 12 October 1833 and Budapest (also in Kollmann's translation) on 31 July 1845.
On 27 October 1832, during a performance of Bellini's "I Capuleti e i Montecchi" in Bologna, the next to last scene of Vaccai's opera was substituted for the last act of the Bellini opera. This was done at the request of the Romeo, Maria Malibran, and became frequent practice during the remainder of the 19th century. It was almost always done this way in Italy, and in this guise this portion of Vaccai's opera continued to be performed up to as late as 8 September 1897, when it was presented in this manner in Hamburg.
References.
Notes
Sources

</doc>
<doc id="18786658" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18786658" title="Finasseur">
Finasseur

Finasseur (1902–1909) was a French Thoroughbred racehorse who, at age three, won the two most prestigious races in France. He was bred by Edmond Blanc at his Haras de Jardy stud farm at Marnes-la-Coquette about sixteen kilometers west of central Paris and purchased for racing by Michel Ephrussi, a wealthy businessman connected to the Rothschild banking family of France.
Ephrussi entrusted the colt's race conditioning to trainer James d'Okhuysen. Sent to race at age two, Finasseur notably won the 1904 Prix des Chênes at Longchamp Racecourse in Paris.
As a three-year-old, Finasseur was the dominant horse in French racing, winning the Prix du President de la Republique at Maisons-Laffitte Racecourse, the then 1½ mile French Derby at Chantilly Racecourse. He was ridden to victory by future United States Racing Hall of Fame inductee Nash Turner. An American, Turner came to France for fellow American owner/trainer H. Eugene Leigh and chose to make his permanent home there. Finasseur then won what was the most prestigious race in France at the time, the Grand Prix de Paris. His other major win came in the Grand Prix de Bruxelles at the Hippodrome de Boitsfort in the Boitsfort suburb of Brussels, Belgium.
Retired to stud duty at his owner's Haras du Gazon in Normandy, Finasseur had only been bred to a few mares when he injured himself in his stall and broke a leg bone. The injury forced his owner to euthanize the valuable horse. Of note, a Finasseur filly named Stanzia was purchased in utero by Haras San Ignacio in Argentina. Her colt, Solpido, was a successful runner who broke several Argentinian time records.

</doc>
<doc id="18786682" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18786682" title="Cream discography">
Cream discography

This is the discography of English rock supergroup Cream. Over the years they have released four studio albums, four live albums, eleven compilation albums and ten singles.

</doc>
<doc id="18786686" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18786686" title="Thrapston Bridge Street railway station">
Thrapston Bridge Street railway station

"See also Thrapston Midland Road"
Thrapston Bridge Street railway station is a former railway station in Thrapston, Northamptonshire on the former Northampton and Peterborough Railway line which connected Peterborough and Northampton. 
In 1846 the line, along with the London and Birmingham, became part of the London and North Western Railway. At grouping in 1923 it became part of the London Midland and Scottish Railway.
The former service.
The service was from Peterborough to Northampton via Wellingborough. The station opened in 1845 and closed in 1964 to passengers.
<br>
Former Services

</doc>
<doc id="18786700" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18786700" title="Quintino Bocaiúva, Rio de Janeiro">
Quintino Bocaiúva, Rio de Janeiro

Quintino Bocaiúva is a neighborhood of Rio de Janeiro, Brazil. The locality is famous by the football (soccer) player Zico.

</doc>
<doc id="18786703" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18786703" title="Amora (disambiguation)">
Amora (disambiguation)

Amora were renowned Jewish scholars who "said" or "told over" the teachings of the Oral law, from about 200 to 500 CE in Babylonia and the Land of Israel. 
"Amora" may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18786709" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18786709" title="Cathal mac Muirgiussa">
Cathal mac Muirgiussa

Cathal mac Muirgiussa (died 839) was a King of Connacht from the Uí Briúin branch of the Connachta. He was the son of Muirgius mac Tommaltaig (died 815), a previous king. He was of the Síl Muiredaig sept of the Uí Briúin. He ruled from 833-839 succeeding his uncle Diarmait mac Tommaltaig (died 833). 
His reign coincided with the renewal of Norse raids and in 836 the Vikings made a cruel devastation of all the lands of the Connachta from the Shannon and the west coast. In 838 Cathal's brother, Máel Dúin, was slain in a battle between the Connachta and the Norse.
In 837 the powerful King of Munster, Feidlimid mac Crimthainn (died 847), ravaged Uí Maine and invaded Connacht. However Cathal threw back this invasion in Mag nAi (a plain in central County Roscommon). 
The virtual hereditary kingship that his father had established was broken upon his death but became restored when his nephew Conchobar mac Taidg Mór (died 882) became king circa 855.

</doc>
<doc id="18786715" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18786715" title="Ringstead and Addington railway station">
Ringstead and Addington railway station

Ringstead and Addington railway station was a railway station serving Great and Little Addington and Ringstead in Northamptonshire on the former Northampton and Peterborough Railway which connected Peterborough and Northampton.
In 1846 the line, along with the London and Birmingham, became part of the London and North Western Railway. At grouping in 1923 it became part of the London Midland and Scottish Railway.
It was notable that the approach from Addington was partly across stepping stones made from former railway sleeper blocks. This still remains although covered in overgrowth.
The former service.
The service was from Peterborough to Northampton via Wellingborough. The station opened in 1845 and closed in 1964 to passengers.
Former Services

</doc>
<doc id="18786722" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18786722" title="Ralph Thornton Community Centre">
Ralph Thornton Community Centre

The Ralph Thornton Community Centre is a community centre that forms the centre of the Leslieville/South Riverdale neighbourhood of Toronto, Canada. The neoclassical heritage structure was originally built by the federal government to house Postal Station G. Designed by one of Toronto's most noted architects E.J. Lennox, it opened in 1913. In 1979 it was leased to the city and converted into a community centre. The building today is home to the Queen/Saulter branch of the Toronto Public Library, a day care, and has offices for some 30 community organizations. It is named after Ralph Thornton, a taxi driver and prominent community activist in the Riverdale area.

</doc>
<doc id="18786724" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18786724" title="Sally Insul">
Sally Insul

Sally Insul (October 3, 1916 – August 4, 2008) was an US actress who appeared in over fifty different television and film roles during her career. 
Insul was born and raised as a native Chicagoan. She wrote and directed her first play when she was 16 years old. She received her degree from Wilbur Wright College, but also trained at the Goodman Theatre, one of Chicago's oldest theatrical institutions.
Insul's television credits included roles in well known series including "The X-Files", "Wings", "Baywatch", "Golden Girls", "Gilmore Girls", "Frasier", "Everybody Loves Raymond", "My Name is Earl", "Beverly Hills, 90210" and "Seinfeld".
Her film credits included "The Wedding Planner", "The Wedding Singer", "L.A. Confidential", "Primary Colors" and Old School. Most recently, Insul appeared as Aunt Peggy in the 2006 film, Click, opposite Adam Sandler. She was also regularly cast in a series of film roles by the Coen Brothers.
Despite her film and television roles, Insul remained active in the theater throughout her career. She had recently performed with the Platinum Players in Beverly Hills, California, in April 2008. Insul, a SAG member, also volunteered at the University of California, Los Angeles.
Insul died of heart failure in Los Angeles on August 4, 2008, at the age of 92. She was survived by her three children, three grandchildren and two great grandchildren. Her husband, Herbert K. Insul, had died previously. She was buried at Hillside Memorial Park Cemetery in Culver City, California.

</doc>
<doc id="18786726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18786726" title="Irthlingborough railway station">
Irthlingborough railway station

Irthlingborough railway station is a former railway station in Irthlingborough, Northamptonshire, on the former Northampton and Peterborough Railway line which connected Peterborough and Northampton. In 1846 the line, along with the London and Birmingham Railway, became part of the London and North Western Railway.
At grouping in 1923 it became part of the London Midland and Scottish Railway.
The former service.
The service was from Peterborough to Northampton via Wellingborough. The station opened in 1845 and closed in 1964 to passengers.
<br>
Former Services

</doc>
<doc id="18786728" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18786728" title="1977–78 Huddersfield Town F.C. season">
1977–78 Huddersfield Town F.C. season

Huddersfield Town's 1977–78 campaign is statistically Huddersfield Town's worst season since entering the Football League in 1910. Town finished 11th in the 4th Division. Under John Haselden and then Tom Johnston Town would stay in the 4th Division for a fourth successive season.
Review.
After two seasons in the basement division of the Football League, some Town fans were wondering if Town were ever going to get back into at least the Third Division. Town reverted to their blue and white striped kit, after two years in the all-blue kit. But, at the start of the season, it seemed to be a curse, with Town winning none of their first eight matches, which unsurprisingly saw John Haselden get demoted to coach, which saw Tom Johnston return to the hotseat at Leeds Road for a record third time. Town went on a six match unbeaten run, but then Town seemed to go for the rest on the season in a complete mix of mediocrity.
Town's top scorers for the season were Mick Butler on 19 goals, Terry Gray on 11 and then Kevin Johnson on 10. By the end of the season, both Butler and Johnson left Leeds Road for pastures new. Town finished 11th with just 45 points, finishing only four points above Halifax Town, who were in 20th place.

</doc>
<doc id="18786736" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18786736" title="Ditchford railway station">
Ditchford railway station

Ditchford railway station is a former railway station on Ditchford Road, Northamptonshire on the former Northampton and Peterborough Railway line which connected Peterborough and Northampton.In 1846 the line, along with the London and Birmingham, became part of the London and North Western Railway.
At grouping in 1923 it became part of the London Midland and Scottish Railway. 
Ditchford is famous as the locality of reputed treacle mines. The origin of this fantasy is obscure, though the station's sidings were primarily to serve a nearby ironstone quarry. For most of its existence although on the bank of the river Nene it was without mains water, which had to be brought in each day by train. The Station Master had the power to stop any train so that his family could travel to Wellingborough and its remoteness meant that it saw little business and it closed to passengers in 1924.
The former service.
The service was from Peterborough to Northampton via Wellingborough. The station opened in 1845 and closed in 1924 to passengers.
Former Services

</doc>
<doc id="18786746" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18786746" title="Nash Turner">
Nash Turner

Nash Turner (1881–1937) was an American Hall of Fame jockey who competed in Thoroughbred horse racing in the United States and France.
A native of Texas, Nash Turner began his professional riding career in 1895 and by 1900 was one of the top ten jockeys in the United States. Although he is best remembered as the jockey of the U.S. Racing Hall of Fame filly, Imp, Nash Turner rode Ildrim to victory in the 1905 Belmont Stakes and captured the first two runnings of the Saratoga Special.
In France.
Nash Turner moved to race in France at the invitation of friend and Thoroughbred owner/trainer Eugene Leigh for whom he had won numerous races in the United States including the Belmont Stakes. Once there, Turner chose to make it his permanent home.
In 1905, Nash Turner had his best year as a jockey in France when he won two of the French Classic Races. In May 1905, for owner Michel Ephrussi, Turner won the Prix du Jockey Club with Finasseur and followed this up with another win on the colt in France's most important race at the time, the Grand Prix de Paris. The following year he won his third Classic race, capturing the Prix de Diane aboard the filly Flying Star. He finished the year as the 11th-leading rider in France.
Nash Turner's last year of riding was in 1914 after which he turned to training horses for himself and others. He died in France in 1937.
On its formation in 1955, Nash Turner was part of the inaugural class of inductees in the United States' National Museum of Racing and Hall of Fame.

</doc>
<doc id="18786756" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18786756" title="Oleksandr Babych">
Oleksandr Babych

Oleksandr Babych (born 15 February 1979 in Alchevsk, Luhansk Oblast, Ukraine) is a former professional Ukrainian football defender who last played for FC Chornomorets Odesa in the Ukrainian Premier League and is now coaching their youth squad.
Career.
Oleksandr Babych is a product of the Dnipro Dnipropetrovsk Youth system. After playing for Dnipro-2 in 1997, he left to play in Hirnyk Sport and Kremin Kremenchuk during the 1997–98 season. From 1998 until 2001, Babych stayed again with Dnipro Dnipropetrovsk. He spent most of his playing time with the reserve teams Dnipro-2 and Dnipro-3; he did, however, play in a few games for the senior team. He transferred to Polihraftekhnika Oleksandriya for the 2001–02 season, until being spotted by the Russian Premier League side Anzhi Makhachkala. He scored the only goal in the relegation play-off game against Polissia Zhytomyr that allowed Oleksandriya team to stay at the top level. He transferred to Anzhi in 2003 and played there until 2005. His next stop was Metalist Kharkiv. In Metalist, he soon became the vice-captain and played a vital role in the team’s defence. In February 2009, he transferred to FC Chornomorets Odesa, where he was elected captain on 15 July 2010, prior to the start of the 2010–11 season. The subsequent two seasons of his career were, however, marred by injuries, and Babych had to retire as a player on 2 March 2012. He immediately became a coach of the Chornomorets youth squad, though.
Personal life.
Babych is currently married to Natalia and has one daughter named Violetta.

</doc>
<doc id="18786765" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18786765" title="Kevin Trapp">
Kevin Trapp

Kevin Trapp (born 8 July 1990) is a German footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Eintracht Frankfurt in the Bundesliga.
Career.
Club career.
Trapp started his professional career with 1. FC Kaiserslautern, making his first appearance on 9 August 2008 in the 2008–09 DFB-Pokal round 1 against FC Carl Zeiss Jena. In 2012, he left relegated Kaiserslautern and went to promoted Eintracht Frankfurt where he got a four-year contract.
International.
He is currently a member of the Germany national under-21 football team.

</doc>
<doc id="18786770" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18786770" title="Indirapuram">
Indirapuram

Indirapuram is a recently developed and much sought after area of Ghaziabad and is the prime residential area and one of most preferred locality in NCR due to its proximity with both Delhi and Noida. It is located on NH-24 in Ghaziabad district of state Uttar Pradesh, India.It is one of the posh localities in DELHI NCR
Its foundation stone was laid by Motilal Vora, then Governor of Uttar Pradesh and now a member of Rajya Sabha. The place where the black foundation stone was placed, is now known as "Kaala Patthar", which is a well-known landmark in Indirapuram now. It is one of the two big sub cities of Ghaziabad, along with Crossings Republik.
Transport.
The nearest airport is the Indira Gandhi International airport which is about 33 km away. By road, Vaishali is well-connected to Delhi, NOIDA, Hapur.
Nearest railway stations are Ghaziabad, Anand Vihar terminal in Delhi & Hazrat Nizamuddin.
The nearest Metro stations are at Vaishali.
Shared Autos/Tempos are readily available from highway for Lal Kuan, Vijaynagar, Anand Vihar and Ghazipur and from Sec-62 Police Chowki for Noida Sec-37, 12-22and Sec-1 (Gole Chakkar near Indian Oil Building).
As on date, the nearest metro station is at Vaishali.
Shopping and entertainment.
There are shops in most of the societies for day to day shopping. Shipra Mall from Shipra Group is one of the key place for shopping and movies in Jam Multiplex. Pacific Mall at Kaushambi, Shopprix Mall at Kaushambi, Mahagun Metro Mall, Vaishali provide shopping alternatives along with other malls which are coming up in this area. Big Bazaar and quite a few new restaurants in Aditya Mega Mall and the 3 screen cineplex ( StarX, Big Cinema in Vaishali, 2 SRS in Aditya Mall & Jaipuria in Indirapuram ) are quite popular. The various swanky malls are listed below:
Swarn Jayanti Park is a famous landmark in Indirapuram and can easily be described as one of the most beautiful and landscaped park in NCR.
There are several reputed and posh residential complexes in this area. Regalia Heights was the tallest building in the area until 2013 when "ATS advantage" of 22+ floors broke the record.
Recent advances show a boom in dance schools that provide training in western dance forms. Funk Fusion Dance Studios, situated in Regalia Heights is a dance school that specializes in Jazz-Funk. Asia's Largest Online Shopping Store for kids & baby products(firstcry.com) have also opened their offline store in Indirapuram(Express Garden Market) .

</doc>
<doc id="18786772" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18786772" title="Lac de Chavoley">
Lac de Chavoley

Lac de Chavoley is a lake at Ceyzérieu in the Ain department, France. It is located 300 m east of Lac de Morgnieu.

</doc>
<doc id="18786774" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18786774" title="Andrew Young (disambiguation)">
Andrew Young (disambiguation)

Andrew Young is a civil rights activist, former congressman, and former U.S. ambassador to the United Nations.
Andrew Young may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18786782" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18786782" title="Wellingborough London Road railway station">
Wellingborough London Road railway station

Wellingborough London Road railway station is a former railway station in Wellingborough, Northamptonshire on a line which connected Peterborough and Northampton.
This station was on an important junction to Midland Main Line which linked south of Wellingborough Midland Road. The station remains have gone with the line ending under the A45.
The former service.
The service was from Peterborough to Northampton via Wellingborough. The station opened in 1845 and closed in 1964 to passengers and closed fully in 1966.

</doc>
<doc id="18786805" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18786805" title="Lyons Groups of Galaxies">
Lyons Groups of Galaxies

Lyons Groups of Galaxies (or LGG) is an astronomical catalog of nearby groups of galaxies complete to a limiting apparent magnitude B0=14.0 with a recession velocity smaller than 5,500 km/s. Two methods were used in group construction: a percolation method derived from Huchra and Geller and a hierarchical method initiated by R. Brent Tully. The catalog is a synthesized version of the two results.
The LGG includes 485 groups and 3,933 member galaxies.

</doc>
<doc id="18786812" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18786812" title="Murchad mac Áedo">
Murchad mac Áedo

Murchad mac Áedo was a King of Connacht from the Uí Briúin branch of the Connachta. He reigned from 839-840.
He was of the Síl Cathail sept and great grandson of the founder of this sept Cathal mac Muiredaig (died 735). His grandfather Fogartach mac Cathail (died 789) had been a claimant to the Connacht throne. He was the first member of the Síl Cathail sept to hold the throne since 782 to be definitely recognized as king in both king lists and Irish annals. The Síl Muiredaig sept had dominated the kingship from 796-839 though his uncle, Máel Cothaid mac Fogartaig (flourished 818), may have been a co-ruler at one point. 
Nothing is known of his short reign other than his death notice in the annals.

</doc>
<doc id="18786816" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18786816" title="Castle Ashby &amp; Earls Barton railway station">
Castle Ashby &amp; Earls Barton railway station

Castle Ashby & Earls Barton railway station is a former railway station in Northamptonshire on the former Northampton and Peterborough Railway, a line which connected Peterborough and Northampton. 
In 1846 the line, along with the London and Birmingham, became part of the London and North Western Railway. At grouping in 1923 it became part of the London Midland and Scottish Railway.
Present day.
The station's goods buildings remain open as a restaurant known as Dunkleys. It features two carriages which are visible from the road linking Earls Barton and Castle Ashby.
The former service.
The service was from Peterborough to Northampton via Wellingborough. The station opened in 1845 and closed in 1964 to passengers.
Former Services

</doc>
<doc id="18786818" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18786818" title="Tom French (politician)">
Tom French (politician)

Tom French is a former President of the Workers' Party of Ireland and former member of Craigavon Borough Council.
Born in Belfast in 1934, French joined Sinn Féin as a youth and remained with the party as it evolved into the Workers' Party. 
After attending teacher training college he became a schoolteacher in Lurgan, County Armagh. He was an early recruit to the Northern Ireland Civil Rights Association and participated in many of its civil rights marches throughout Northern Ireland in the late 1960s. When Sinn Féin split in 1970, French supported the Official wing and was a member of its first Publicity Committee. Much later, he became a founding member of the Peace Train Organisation, which was formed to oppose the Provisional IRA's bombing of the Dublin to Belfast railway line.
He worked closely beside Malachy McGurran who was a major figure in the northern republican movement from the late 1950s and a Vice-President of Official Sinn Féin. French was heavily involved in McGurran's various election campaigns and when McGurran died in 1978, French won the local by-election to fill his seat on Craigavon Borough Council. He remained a councillor, alternating between representing the Loughside and Craigavon Central areas, until 1993 when he lost his seat. He also unsuccessfully contested Armagh in the 1982 Assembly election and subsequent 1983 by-election and contested one of its successor constituencies, Upper Bann at every election from its creation in 1983 until 2005. His best result was the 19% which he polled in the 1986 by-election where he was the only candidate opposing the sitting MP.
He was a member of the Ard Comhairle / Central Executive Committee of the Workers' Party for many years. In 1992, he was elected Chairman of the Workers' Party in the North and in 1996 was elected to the position of Party President, replacing Marian Donnelly. He retired from that position in 2000 and was replaced by Seán Garland. He stepped down from the Ard Comhairle some years later.
An avid opera lover and considered to have a fine singing voice, Tom French participated in the Wexford Opera Festival on several occasions.

</doc>
<doc id="18786837" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18786837" title="Cherokee in the American Civil War">
Cherokee in the American Civil War

Cherokee in the American Civil War were active in two major regions. In the east, Confederate Cherokee led by William Holland Thomas hindered Union forces trying to use the Appalachian mountain passes of western North Carolina and eastern Tennessee. Out west, Stand Watie, who was 3/4 Cherokee, led Confederate forces in the Indian Territory, in what is now the state of Oklahoma.
Eastern front.
The Thomas' Legion, led by William H. Thomas, European-American who was adopted Cherokee, were originally stationed outside Knoxville, Tennessee at Strawberry Plains, Tennessee. Their primary duty was to protect the Alum Cave, and harass Union troops that invaded Tennessee. While briefly working around Chattanooga, Tennessee in June 1862, Thomas personally captured a Union Soldier, after which each of his men vowed to capture at least one "Yankee" before the war was over.
The Legion would become infamous due to their actions on September 15, 1862. While trying to stop a Union advance through Baptist Gap, a popular leader among the Cherokee, Astoogahtogeh, was killed leading a charge. Enraged, the remaining Cherokee were driven to avenge him. In retaliation for Astoogahtogeh's death, the Cherokee scalped the dead Union soldiers after the battle. After the event was reported in newspapers, Union soldiers would fear the Cherokee, but Thomas feared for the reputation of the Cherokee, as he did not want his people seen as barbaric. The scalps were sent to be buried with the soldiers they originally came from.
After a number of Thomas' men were captured in February 1864, some were convinced by the Union that they were fighting for slavery, and thereafter fought for the Union. Others convinced their captors they also would defect to the Union side, but instead went back to Thomas and told him Union officials offered $5,000 for Thomas' scalp. After this, many of his men were sent to fight in Virginia, some of whom were present at Appomattox Court House for General Robert E. Lee's surrender. The rest of the Legion continued to fight until surrendering along with the commanding officer of the District of Western North Carolina to the Union commander they had captured on 10 May 1865.
Western front.
In the west, the Cherokees blamed the federal government and former United States President Andrew Jackson for the Trail of Tears. Also, they had adopted Southern ways before their removal from their Appalachia home, including the practice of owning blacks as slaves. So, the western Cherokee were already sympathetic towards the South when in 1860 William Seward, campaigning on behalf of Abraham Lincoln, said that Lincoln would open the Indian Territory for white settlement.
Chief of the Cherokee John Ross was adamant that the Union was not dissolved. However, another leader of the Cherokee, Stand Watie, was eager to join the Confederate cause, and on June 1, 1861, began recruiting for an army to assist the Southern cause. Full-blooded Cherokees tended to support Ross (who was actually 7/8 Scottish) while the mixed-blooded Cherokee supported the 3/4 Cherokee Stand Watie. Stand Watie in 1862 was elected Chief of the Southern Cherokee Nation.
For the duration of the war, a series of small battles were waged by Cherokees in the Indian Territory. Stand Watie officially became the last Confederate general to end fighting on June 25, 1865 at Fort Towson, in the southeast portion of the Indian Territory. The terms of the armistice allowed Watie and his command, the First Indian Brigade of the Army of the Trans-Mississippi, to demobilize rather than surrender and go home with their arms.
Aftermath.
The eastern Cherokee faced a severe smallpox outbreak following the war. Thomas and many of his followers were deeply in debt, to the point that the federal government recognized the eastern tribe as separate from the western tribe, and filed a lawsuit against the Cherokee's creditors, in effect leaving the protection of the Cherokee to the federal government.
In the west, at the end of the war, with the Union victorious, the Union Cherokee established policies that confiscated land from the Confederate Cherokee. The Federal government promised the Confederate Cherokee that the laws promoting the confiscation would be annulled. This was due to Indian Commissioner D.N. Cooley, who saw opportunities in splitting the factions of the Cherokee, as represented by Ross and Watie. Cooley even went as far as to portray Ross as a traitor, when Ross had always been a Union advocate. The Cherokee were forced to adopt their slaves into the tribe, and to allow settlement of their lands by whites. In effect, due to the Cherokee split and the maneuverings of Cooley, the Cherokee suffered the worst of Reconstruction.

</doc>
<doc id="18786860" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18786860" title="Pavão, Minas Gerais">
Pavão, Minas Gerais

Pavão is a Brazilian municipality located in the northeast of the state of Minas Gerais. Its population as of 2007 was estimated to be 8,868 people living in a total area of 599 km². The city belongs to the mesoregion of Vale do Mucuri and to the micro-region of Teófilo Otoni. It became a municipality in 1962.
Pavão is located at an elevation of 228 meters, 108 km. northeast of Teófilo Otoni. The distance to the state capital, Belo Horizonte, is 545 km. Neighboring municipalities are: Novo Oriente de Minas, Crisólita, Carlos Chagas, and Teófilo Otoni.
The main economic activities are services, small industries, and agriculture. A large percentage of the population lives in the rural area and is engaged in subsistence farming. The GDP in 2005 was approximately R$25 million, with 14 million Reais from services, 1 million Reais from industry, and 8 million Reais from agriculture. There were 651 rural producers on 79,000 hectares of land. Only 29 farms had tractors (2006). Approximately 2,000 persons were dependent on agriculture. Sugarcane, beans and corn were grown on a small scale. There were 45,000 head of cattle (2006). There was one bank (2007) and 295 automobiles (181 motorcycles), giving a ratio of 29 inhabitants per automobile.
There were 5 health clinics and 1 hospital with 44 beds. Patients with more serious health conditions are transported to Teófilo Otoni, although highway connections are poor. Educational needs were met by 6 primary schools, 2 middle schools, and 3 pre-primary schools.
In 2000 the per capita monthly income of R$103.00 was well below the state and national average of R$276.00 and R$297.00 respectively.
The highest ranking municipality in Minas Gerais in 2000 was Poços de Caldas with 0.841, while the lowest was Setubinha with 0.568. Nationally the highest was São Caetano do Sul in São Paulo with 0.919, while the lowest was Setubinha. In more recent statistics (considering 5,507 municipalities) Manari in the state of Pernambuco has the lowest rating in the country—0,467—putting it in last place.

</doc>
<doc id="18786866" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18786866" title="Paul Workman">
Paul Workman

Paul Workman is a Canadian journalist. He is the CTV News Washington Bureau Chief, filing his first report on February 3, 2009. Workman was formerly the South Asia Bureau Chief based in New Delhi, India. Prior to joining CTV News on July 13, 2006, he was a journalist for CBC News for over twenty years. Workman is guest-hosting the science news show "Daily Planet" on Discovery Channel.

</doc>
<doc id="18786872" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18786872" title="Billing railway station">
Billing railway station

Billing railway station is a former railway station in Northamptonshire on the former Northampton and Peterborough Railway which connected Peterborough and Northampton. In 1846 the line, along with the London and Birmingham, became part of the London and North Western Railway.
At grouping in 1923 it became part of the London Midland and Scottish Railway. 
The former service.
The service was from Peterborough to Northampton via Wellingborough. The station opened in 1845 and closed in 1952 to passengers.
Former Services

</doc>
<doc id="18786883" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18786883" title="Martyn Barker">
Martyn Barker

Martyn Barker (born 9 September 1959, Merseyside) is an English drummer, best known as the drummer for Shriekback. He has also been a member of King Swamp, and worked with Paula Rae Gibson, Billy Bragg and Beth Gibbons, Rustin Man, Alain Bashung and Juldah Camara & Justin Adams.

</doc>
<doc id="18786886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18786886" title="Matteo Alberti">
Matteo Alberti

Matteo Alberti (born 4 August 1988 in Brescia, Italy) is an Italian footballer, who is currently a free agent after he was released by Queens Park Rangers.
He joined Queens Park Rangers from Chievo Verona youth side and made his debut in the opening game of the 2008–09 season in coming on as a substitute for Emmanuel Ledesma in the opening game of the season at home to Barnsley. When joining QPR, then chairman Gianni Paladini famously told fans that Alberti would score '100 goals a season'.
Alberti scored his first goals for QPR on 7 February 2009; a first half stoppage time strike against Nottingham Forest, closely followed by a second half opener on 48 minutes.
In July 2010 he was loaned to Lumezzane. 
On 30 September 2011, Alberti was released by Queens Park Rangers by mutual consent.

</doc>
<doc id="18786896" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18786896" title="HMS Devonshire (1745)">
HMS Devonshire (1745)

HMS "Devonshire" was a 66-gun third rate ship of the line of the Royal Navy, built to the dimensions laid out in the 1741 proposals of the 1719 Establishment at Woolwich Dockyard, and launched on 19 July 1745.
"Devonshire" served until 1772, when she was broken up.

</doc>
<doc id="18786909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18786909" title="Przemysław Niemiec">
Przemysław Niemiec

Przemysław Niemiec (born 11 April 1980) is a Polish road racing cyclist for UCI ProTeam . He made his professional debut in 2002 for the team . Born in Oświęcim, Niemiec's biggest wins to date are the 2005 Tour of Slovenia and the 2006 edition of the Tour of Tuscany. He has also won a number of stages of the Route du Sud and finished sixteenth alongside the leading competitors at the 2008 Summer Olympics. In 2013, Niemiec had top ten finishes in many stage races including the Giro Del Trentino, the Volta a Catalunya, the Tirreno-Adriatico, and a 6th place finish in the Giro d'Italia.
Palmares.
Grand Tour General Classification results timeline
WD = Withdrew; IP = In Progress

</doc>
<doc id="18786921" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18786921" title="D'Amore">
D'Amore

D'Amore may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18786954" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18786954" title="Northampton Bridge Street railway station">
Northampton Bridge Street railway station

Northampton Bridge Street is a former railway station in Northampton the main town of Northamptonshire on the Northampton and Peterborough Railway which connected Peterborough and Northampton.
History.
This was the first station serving Northampton, originally named "Northampton", it was later renamed "Northampton Bridge Street" in 1876 after a new station was built for the line to Market Harborough. The station meant that people could travel to Wellingborough, Irthlingborough and Peterborough quicker than before.
The service was from Peterborough to Northampton via Wellingborough. The station opened in 1845 and closed to passengers in 1964, the buildings being demolished in 1969.
Freight trains continued to use Bridge Street regularly until 1972 and a lone group of corporate sidings finally closed after holding out until 2005.
Today's usage.
It has been fenced off since the abandoned signal box was burnt out in 2006.
Future plans.
On 22nd October 2013 the West Northamptonshire Development Corporation announced that it had agreed to purchase the disused Northampton Bridge Street branch line from Network Rail for £1.5 million to create a two mile (3km) cycle and pedestrian path linking the Brackmills Industrial Estate to the Northampton Enterprise Zone. 

</doc>
<doc id="18786970" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18786970" title="Fergus mac Fothaid">
Fergus mac Fothaid

Fergus mac Fothaid was a King of Connacht from the Uí Briúin branch of the Connachta. He reigned from 840-843.
He was of the Síl Cathail sept and grandson of Dub-Indrecht mac Cathail (died 768), a previous king. The Síl Muiredaig sept had dominated the kingship from 796-839 but this was broken by the predecessor of Fergus, his second cousin Murchad mac Áedo (died 840).
Nothing is known of his short reign other than his death notice in the annals.

</doc>
<doc id="18786974" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18786974" title="Robert E. Lee High School (Montgomery, Alabama)">
Robert E. Lee High School (Montgomery, Alabama)

Robert E. Lee High School is a public secondary school in Montgomery, Alabama, USA, serving grades 9–12. The school is part of the Montgomery Public Schools system.
History.
In January 1953, the Montgomery Board of Education purchased of property on Ann Street for $74,000 for a new high school. The new school would alleviate overcrowding at Sidney Lanier High School and accommodate children coming to Montgomery due to Maxwell and Gunter Air Force Bases. The final cost of the new facility was nearly $1.25 million.
Lee High School opened to students for the first time on September 6, 1955. The new school had thirty-five faculty members and approximately 800 students. Most of the 232 juniors and 173 seniors entering Lee were transfers from Lanier, and some 354 sophomores moved up from area junior high schools. Lee's first graduating class consisted of 144 students.
Expansion.
An auditorium was added in 1963. The guidance office, lunchroom, and library were enlarged and the math wing and mini-gym were added during the 1970s. By 1979 rooms were air conditioned, after students and teachers raised the necessary $80,000. In 1992, the library underwent extensive renovation and the entire school received a new roof. In 1997, land behind Lee formerly occupied by apartments was donated to the school, and in 2000 the space was completely paved to provide parking. In the summer of 2002, the entire school system was networked and wired with fiber optic cable to provide better and faster internet and network capabilities. Fine arts at the school have grown. The fine arts program includes drama which perform plays in the Auditorium, Art, Debate, and Choral just to name a few.
Lee High School started teaching 9th graders in the 2010/2011 school year. Lee includes the traditional wall of fame where names of prominent Alumni have graduated. They are continuing their tradition of excellence in the school as well as in the community.
Sports.
The Lee Generals represent the school in ASHAA sporting competitions. During the 2005-2006 and 2007-2008 school years the Lee Cheerleaders won the Cheersport National Championship. The current football coach is Larry Ware, a former Lee football player. The current boys' varsity basketball coach is Bryant Johnson, a former guard for the Troy University Trojans.
Famous alumni.
Stephen "tWitch" Boss ... season 4 So You Think You Can Dance

</doc>
<doc id="18786993" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18786993" title="Alan Bloom">
Alan Bloom

Alan Herbert Vauser Bloom (19 November 1906 – 31 March 2005) was a British horticulturist and steam engine enthusiast. During his life he created over 170 new varieties of hardy perennial plants. These and Alpine plants and conifers were his specialities. He invented the garden feature of freestanding island beds, set in open lawn. He wrote some 30 books and appeared on radio and television. He was the founder of Bressingham Steam and Gardens.
Career.
Alan Bloom was himself the son of a market gardener at Over, Cambridgeshire. Aged seventeen he left school and learned his craft working in various nurseries. In 1926 aged twenty he rejoined his father at Oakington, transforming the family business to a wholesale nursery. Four years later, Blooms Nurseries had become one of the largest English nurseries of its kind. He exhibited at the Royal Horticultural Society's Chelsea Flower Show for the first time in 1931, and was awarded the Society's Victoria Medal of Honour in 1972..
During World War II he grew crops in the fens.
In 1946 he purchased Bressingham Hall and of land at Bressingham. In September 1947, following a destructive gale in March, he left this for Vancouver Island, leaving the Bressingham nursery in the hands of an agent but returned twenty months later.
Between 1950 and 1962 he continued to develop Bressingham Gardens.
In 1962 he began to collect steam engines, some of which had been retired from British Railways. His two sons Robert and Adrian joined him in the nursery business. In 1968 they opened the Bressingham Steam Museum alongside the nursery.
In 1985 they began the Blooms of Bressingham company. In 1995 Robert Bloom was killed in a car accident, leaving Adrian in charge of the business.
In 2007 Blooms of Bressingham was taken over and merged with the larger Wyevale chain of garden centres.
Bibliography.
"The Farm in the Fen", 1944
"Hardy plants of Distinction", 1965
"The Fens", 1953
"The Skaters of the Fens", 1958
"Alan Bloom's Hardy Perennials", Anova Books, ISBN 0-7136-8039-3
"Alan Bloom's Selected Garden Plants", Jarrold Publishing, ISBN 0-85306-040-1
"Alpines for Your Garden", Intl Specialized Book Service Inc, ISBN 0-938804-01-4
"Bicker's Broad", Bretland Studios Ltd, ISBN 0-904774-00-7 (with Tim Hunt)
"Blooms of Bressingham: Choosing the Best Hardy Plants for Your Garden", HarperCollins Publishers Limited, ISBN 0-00-412329-8 (with Adrian Bloom)
"Come You Here, Boy!: Autobiography of a Gardener", Aidan Publishing, Ellis, ISBN 0-85628-260-X
"Garden Alpines", Aidan Publishing, Ellis, ISBN 0-85628-254-5
"Hardy Plants and Alpines", Burall Floraprint, Limited, ISBN 0-903001-62-4
"Locomotives of British Railways", Jarrold Publishing, ISBN 0-85306-939-5
"Locomotives of the London and North Eastern Railway", Jarrold Publishing, ISBN 0-85306-920-4 (with D. C. Williams)
"Locomotives of the Southern Railway", Jarrold Publishing, ISBN 0-85306-886-0
"Locomotives of the Great Western Railway", Jarrold Publishing, ISBN 0-85306-837-2
"Making the Best of Alpines", Burall Floraprint, Limited, ISBN 0-903001-07-1
"Moisture Gardening", Faber & Faber, Limited, ISBN 0-571-06904-5
"Perennials for Your Garden", Scribner, ISBN 0-684-13952-9
"Perennials in Island Beds", Faber & Faber, Limited, ISBN 0-571-10892-X
"A Plantsman's Perspective: Plants, People and Places", HarperCollins Publishers Limited, ISBN 0-00-412262-3
"Plantsman's Progress", Dalton Limited, Terence, ISBN 0-900963-67-0
"Prelude to Bressingham", Dalton Limited, Terence, ISBN 0-900963-60-3
"Steam Alive: The Story of Bressingham Steam Museum", Picton Publishing, ISBN 0-948251-56-5
"Steam Engines at Bressingham: The Story of a Live Steam Museum", Faber & Faber, Limited, ISBN 0-571-10867-9
"Two Hundred Fifty Years of Steam", I P C Science & Technology Press, Limited, ISBN 0-437-01400-2
"Your Book of Traction Engines", Faber & Faber, Limited, ISBN 0-571-10413-4

</doc>
<doc id="18787016" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18787016" title="Ektelon">
Ektelon

Ektelon, Inc. is an American manufacturer of equipment for racquetball. 
Currently based in Bordentown, New Jersey, Ektelon was founded by Franklin W. "Bud" Held in 1964 as the first company to manufacture racquetball racquets and stringing machines, not long after the development of the sport of racquetball by Joe Sobek. Working from Held’s garage in San Diego, California, the company initially set out to build aluminum tennis racquets and a racquet stringing machine. With the development of metal tennis racquets, the old techniques of stringing wooden racquets no longer worked, and Held saw the need for a new machine. Held is credited for one of the first patented designs for a racquet stringing machine. He named the company Ektelon based on a combination of two Greek words: "ektein", meaning to stretch out, and "telon", representing the concept of perfection. 
In 1970, Ektelon produced the first experimental racquetball racquet for Bud Muehleisen, a top racquetball player and early legend of the sport. The company moved into a larger facility in San Diego to begin manufacturing racquetball racquets on a larger scale. Over the years, Ektelon has introduced a number of new racquetball technologies, including the first racquetball racquet made of high-strength aluminum (1971), the first handlaid composite racquet (1978), the first oversized aluminum racquets (1984), and continues to develop new technologies in racquet design such as the elimination of string holes (O3). In 1988, Prince Sports purchased Ektelon.
Ektelon involvement in racquetball tournaments.
Ektelon sponsors numerous tournaments and tours nationally and internationally, including:
Ektelon in professional racquetball.
Professional racquetball players currently using Ektelon racquets include:
International Racquetball Tour (IRT) Players
Women's Professional Racquetball Organization (WPRO) Players
Outdoor Pros (WOR) Players
Junior Elite Players

</doc>
<doc id="18787020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18787020" title="HMWN Radio Maria">
HMWN Radio Maria

HMWN Radio Maria (for Holy Mother World Networks) is a non-commercial Catholic broadcaster which operates as a closed circuit Subsidiary Communications Multiplex Operation (SCMO) and uses the subcarrier frequency of 67 kHz removed from the centre FM broadcast frequency of 102.1 mHz (CFNY-FM, a Corus Entertainment station licensed to Brampton) in Toronto, Ontario. HMWN's offices and studios are also located in Toronto.
In addition to the FM subchannel, HMWN is also being made available to digital cable providers throughout Ontario and the rest of Canada. A petition drive is now in progress by listeners and supporters asking cable providers to add HMWN to their channel spectrum. HMWN provides local Catholic programming for Toronto on weekdays into the evening hours along with the English language network feed of Radio Maria USA (originated by KJMJ 580 kHz in Alexandria, Louisiana) to provide the bulk of its overnight/early morning and weekend programming. Subchannel FM radios are available for listeners from its website. An audiostream is also provided on its website for listeners across Canada outside its Toronto signal area.
Brief history.
HMWN began in Toronto as an English language service on 8 May 2005, ten years after the formation of Radio Maria Canada, an Italian and French language FM subchannel.
In 2008, HMWN was granted by the Canadian Radio-television and Telecommunications Commission (CRTC) to broadcast its local program schedule and the Radio Maria USA network feed over digital cable lines. Since CRTC rules and regulations do not allow full-time religious broadcasting of a singular denomination over conventional AM and FM frequencies, HMWM is limited to broadcasting its Catholic programming schedule in this manner as CRTC rules only allow multi-faith broadcasting. Professor Luigi Pautasso is local founder and president of both Radio Maria Canada and HMWN.
The World Family of Radio Maria was founded and is led by its international president Emanuele Ferarrio.

</doc>
<doc id="18787042" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18787042" title="Alphonse Kann">
Alphonse Kann

Alphonse Kann (14 March 1870 – 1948) was a prominent French art collector of Jewish heritage. He was a childhood playmate and adult friend of the writer Marcel Proust, who incorporated several of Kann's features into the character Charles Swann (in "Swann in Love").
The name Kann, written with double "nn", was said in Paris to be "le plus chic du chic". Known for his discerning taste and shrewd collecting instincts, Kann shocked the art world in 1927 by auctioning off (at the American Art Association, New York City) most of his Old Master collection (including works by Bruegel, Cimabue, Fragonard, Pollaiuolo, Rubens and Tintoretto) in order to concentrate on the acquisition of 19th-century and modern art, which he collected vigorously over the following decade.
Kann left France for England in 1938 without making an inventory of his eclectic art collection, which was kept in a St.-Germain-en-Laye mansion and subsequently looted in October 1940 by Nazi occupiers. Kann recovered only a small fraction of his large collection before his death in England in 1948. Although he did not live to see a copy, the Nazi inventory of Kann's art collection ran to 60 typed pages. Decades after the war, several paintings from Kann's collection were discovered in prominent European and U.S. museums. "Smoke Over Rooftops," a 1911 painting by Fernand Léger, was returned in October 2008 to Kann's heirs by the Minneapolis Institute of Arts after an eleven-year investigation.
In the 1990s, eight antique manuscripts once owned by Kann turned up the vaults of Wildenstein & Company, still bearing the distinctive Nazi catalog numbers ("KA 879" to "KA 886", in red pencil) likely made by Bruno Lohse as he processed the Kann collection in the Jeu de Paume. The discovery of the missing manuscripts prompted a lawsuit by Kann's heirs against Wildenstein & Company.

</doc>
<doc id="18787053" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18787053" title="Nikki Bull">
Nikki Bull

Nikki Bull (born 2 October 1981) is an English footballer who most recently played for Wycombe Wanderers as a goalkeeper. He has previously played for, most notably, Aldershot Town and also had spells at Queens Park Rangers and Hayes. He started his career as a schoolboy at Aston Villa.
Career.
Bull was born in Hastings, East Sussex and moved to Aldershot Town in the summer of 2002 after being released by Queens Park Rangers. In his first season at the club he was named player of the year and scored his solitary goal for the club, a penalty in the final home match as promotion to the Football Conference was secured. He again won the Player of the Year trophy in the 2005–06 season.
In Aldershot's double-winning promotion season, Bull was named Goalkeeper of the Year and Non-League footballer of the Year by his peers. Despite his success, he said that he would leave Aldershot no matter what happened, and this was confirmed by the club at the end of the season. However, on 27 May 2008 it was announced that Bull would be staying on at Aldershot for a further two years. Bull played for Aldershot Town in their first game in the Football League against Accrington Stanley on 9 August 2008, which was won 1–0. He agreed to leave Aldershot at the end of July 2009 to pursue a career outside of football. However, he instead opted to continue his football career, and signed for Brentford on 3 August 2009. The following year, he turned down the offer of a further one-year contract with the Bees, and instead agreed a similar deal with Wycombe Wanderers on 7 June 2010. On 29 July 2010, Bull put in an outstanding performance against a Chelsea reserve side, making a very large number of saves and hampering Chelsea's efforts to score, which played a huge part in Wycombe's eventual 5–1 victory.
On 25 April 2011, Bull saved a penalty in a match against Crewe Alexandra at Adams Park. His save prevented Crewe from equalising and Wycombe went on to win 2–0. Bull played every first team game in both league and cup and was rewarded by winning both the Supporters and players player of the year award. 
On 9 August 2011 Wycombe were involved in a penalty shootout against Colchester United in the first round of the League Cup. Wycombe won 5–4 on penalties after Bull saved a penalty in the shootout.
On 8 November 2012 it was announced Bull had left Wycombe by mutual consent.

</doc>
<doc id="18787063" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18787063" title="1992–93 Slovenian Cup">
1992–93 Slovenian Cup


</doc>
<doc id="18787068" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18787068" title="Priscilla Misihairabwi-Mushonga">
Priscilla Misihairabwi-Mushonga

Priscilla Misihairabwi-Mushonga is a Zimbabwean politician and former member of the House of Assembly for Glen Norah. During her time as Glen Norah's MP, she also served as the shadow foreign minister for the Movement for Democratic Change. When the party split in 2005, she remained with the MDC formation, and was elected Deputy Secretary-General of that party. She has been representing her party in the Zimbabwean political negotiations.
In 2009 she was appointed Minister of Regional Integration and International Cooperation, in the government of national unity in the 2011 MDC congress she was elected the party' Secretary General a position she will hold up to the next congress in 2016. She is the MDC chief representative at JOMIC (Joint Monitoring and Implementation Committee) and COPAC the Constitutional Parliamentary Committee a committee in charge of writing the Zimbabwean constitution.
She was widowed after her husband Dr Christopher Mushonga died of injuries sustained from a botched robbery.

</doc>
<doc id="18787078" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18787078" title="Al Ford">
Al Ford

Al Ford (born August 13, 1950) is a former lightweight professional boxer from Edmonton, Alberta, Canada. He is the father of mixed martial arts fighter Ryan Ford.
Professional Boxing Career.
Ford made his debut as a professional boxer on October 20, 1967 (shortly after his seventeenth birthday), a 3rd round knockout win over Joe Hogue, who was also making his professional debut. Two months later Ford defeated Ron Lyke by first-round knockout. Ford fought an opponent with a winning record for the first time in his fifth fight, defeating 4-0 Mickey McMillan by split decision after eight rounds. Ford would win his first 37 fights, picking up the vacant Canadian lightweight title with a win against 9-1 Julie Mandell and successful defending it several times. Ford's first truly notable win was a 10 round decision against 30-3-1 Raul Montoya on October 27, 1970. The first loss of Ford's professional boxing career came against 24-22-5 Percy Hayles in Kingston, Jamaica in a contest for the Commonwealth (British Empire) lightweight title. Hayles outboxed Ford in a 15 rounder to take the decision. Ford would continue to fight, winning his next four bouts before back-to-back loses to Ken Buchanan (points) and Alfonso Frazer (knockout). Later Ford would lose a rematch with Percy Hayles by TKO and would finally lose his Canadian lightweight title to Johnny Summerhays in November 1975. Ford was still winning more often than he was losing, but he lost to most of his notable opponents, including to 15-4 Ralph Racine, to 15-0 Rick Folstad in 1978, and to 17-0 Aaron Pryor in 1979. Ford also fought Nick Furlano of Toronto for the Canadian junior welterweight title in 1979, losing by 14th round knockout. Near the end losses became more frequent, but Ford's impressive record continued to get him paydays. He would lose again to Summerhays in 1980 and dropped a decision to 17-0 Ray "Boom Boom" Mancini in 1981. After losing six of his last seven fights, capped by a brutal decision loss to future prospect Michael Olajide on June 17, 1982, Ford finally retired with a final record of 55-19 with 19 wins coming by knockout.

</doc>
<doc id="18787079" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18787079" title="Mehdi Shiri">
Mehdi Shiri

Mehdi Shiri Shourijeh (, born 14 May 1978 in Shiraz, Iran) is an Iranian football Midfielder who currently plays for Esteghlal Ahvaz in the second tier of Iranian football league, the Azadegan League. His younger brother, Mojtaba is also a professional football player and plays for Pas Hamedan.
Club career.
He was one of the most talented players for Bargh and moved to Esteghlal and was mostly used as a substitute and moved back a season after to Bargh. He moved to Saba and again moved back to Bargh a season after again. He moved to Persepolis in June 2009.
International career.
Shiri has had only one appearance for Team Melli in the 2001 LG cup in Egypt when he came on as a substitute against South Korea.

</doc>
<doc id="18787082" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18787082" title="The Opera House (Toronto)">
The Opera House (Toronto)

The Opera House is a music venue in Toronto, Canada. It is one of the city's most historic performing venues, opening in 1909. It has also been a cinema and a live theatre venue. It is located at 735 Queen Street East, east of downtown in the Riverdale neighbourhood.
History.
It opened in 1909 as a vaudeville stage. Seating almost 700 it was the main entertainment venue in the primarily working-class neighbourhood. As films eclipsed vaudeville the theatre was turned into a cinema, operating as the La Plaza Theatre for many decades and later under a series of other names.
As multiplexes made large single screen venues no longer viable as a cinemas, it became a performing arts venue. In the late 1980s it was home to the successful gospel musical "Mama, I Want to Sing!". In the early 1990s it became The Opera House music venue.

</doc>
<doc id="18787095" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18787095" title="David Durante">
David Durante

David Luca Durante (born June 26, 1980) is an American artistic gymnast. He is the 2007 U.S. All-Around champion and was one of the three alternates to the 2008 Summer Olympics. He competed at the 2007 World Artistic Gymnastics Championships and was a member of the 4th-place-finishing American team. Durante holds dual American-Italian citizenship.
Durante graduated from Stanford University in 2002 with a major in human biology and a minor in psychology.

</doc>
<doc id="18787113" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18787113" title="Ngwane III">
Ngwane III

Ngwane III was King of Swaziland from 1745 to 1780. He is considered to be the first King of modern Swaziland. For his name the people were called bakaNgwane and the country was called kaNgwane or "lakaNgwane". Ngwane was the son of Dlamini III and Queen LaYaka Ndwandwe. 
Dlamini was succeeded by Ngwane III his son with Queen LaYaka Ndwandwe. He took over the Dlamini chieftaincy
and established settlements south of the Pongola River, later moving them to the north of the river banks. This makes Ngwane and his followers the founders of modern Swaziland. 
Ngwane ruled his Kingdom from the south east of Swaziland in the present Shiselweni district and his headquarters were called Zombodze at the foot of the Mhlosheni hills. 
It was at Zombodze that the Nguni ceremony "incwala" was celebrated for the first time. 
Kingship.
Ngwane III is an important figure in the history of Swaziland and he is regarded the first King of modern Swaziland. He succeeded his father Dlamini III as chief of the early Swazi who had settled near the Pongola River and Lubombo Mountains. He managed to conquer land south of the Pongola River. He wasn't able to hold this land, but it is this land which is still seen as an important part of modern Swaziland. Later he settled on the northern side of the Pongola and subsequently moving his royal capital to Zombodze, within the borders of present day Swaziland. Zombodze became the heartland of the Ngwane kingdom, and incwala, the Nguni ceremony of "First Fruits" was celebrated for the first time there. Ngwane thus became the eponym of his country and his people. The country became known as "kaNgwane", means "the country of place of Ngwane" and his people as "bakaNgwane". This name is still used today and the Swazi people use this name to refer to themselves as a people. Ngwane III reigned until 1780 when his son, Ndvungunye, became King after a regency of Queen LaYaka Ndwandwe.

</doc>
<doc id="18787114" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18787114" title="Catterall (surname)">
Catterall (surname)

Catterall is a surname of English origin. The name refers to:

</doc>
<doc id="18787117" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18787117" title="Playground Tuhkimo">
Playground Tuhkimo

Playground Tuhkimo ("Leikkipuisto Tuhkimo" in Finnish, "Lekparken Askungen" in Swedish) is a public, free of charge park at Roihuvuori district in Helsinki, Finland.
General.
The playground is located in a valley between two Metamorphic rocks. From the rocks of the area can clearly be seen the tracks of the ice age. In the 19th century the area belonged to a tenant farmer called "Kiilatorppa" from Herttoniemi estate. A map from 1936 showed that this area was just a field. 
The Park's name, "Tuhkimo" comes from the fairy tale Cinderella(Tuhkimo in Finnish). The park has been particularly popular with families. The playground is surrounded by Roihuvuori forests, but in the south it ends in "Tuhkimontie" (street).

</doc>
<doc id="18787127" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18787127" title="Shō Kei">
Shō Kei

After succeeding his father Shō Eki in 1713, Shō Kei appointed his regent and trusted advisor Sai On to the "Sanshikan", the Council of Three top royal advisors, in 1728. His reign is known for a great number of developments, including economic reforms and conservation efforts implemented under the guidance of Sai On, political changes, and scholarly developments.

</doc>
<doc id="18787145" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18787145" title="Visual appearance">
Visual appearance

The visual appearance of objects is given by the way in which they reflect and transmit light. The color of objects is determined by the parts of the spectrum of (incident white) light that are reflected or transmitted without being absorbed. Additional appearance attributes are based on the directional distribution of reflected (BRDF) or transmitted light (BTDF) described by attributes like glossy, shiny versus dull, matte, clear, turbid, distinct, etc.
Appearance of reflective objects.
The appearance of reflecting objects is determined by the way the surface reflects incident light. The reflective properties of the surface can be characterized by a closer look at the (micro)-topography of that surface. 
Structures on the surface and the texture of the surface are determined by typical dimensions between some 10 mm and 0.1 mm (the detection limit of the human eye is at ~0.07 mm). Smaller structures and features of the surface cannot be directly detected by the unaided eye, but their effect becomes apparent in objects or images reflected in the surface. Structures at and below 0.1 mm reduce the "distinctness of image" (DOI), structures in the range of 0.01 mm induce "haze" and even smaller structures affect the "gloss" of the surface.
Terminology.
Reflective objects 
Transmissive objects 
References.
BRDF
External links.
Instrumentation for measurement and evaluation of appearance characteristics is available from: 

</doc>
<doc id="18787157" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18787157" title="Mapesbury Communications Ltd">
Mapesbury Communications Ltd

Mapesbury Communications Ltd (MCom) is a privately owned UK company founded in October 2002. It operates a mobile network called UK01. The launch of the company coinciding with the time that the UK regulatory authority (Ofcom) began the process of liberalising the UK spectrum regime. In 2006 at Ofcom's first spectrum auction MCom was notable in winning a UK mobile GSM spectrum licence.
Services.
UK01 is a mobile network in the UK, operated by Mapesbury Communications Ltd. Currently they do not provide any service; they plan on putting their transmitters inside Wifi Wireless networking boxes used by Spectrum.
The service will run on the low power 1800MHz spectrum. This means that 3G data connections will not be available on UK01's own network. In addition, the 1800MHz spectrum has a short range so customers will not be able to wander far from the transmitter.
Mapesbury Communications Ltd. website does not deliver any website, and so as such is in name only.
Technology.
Ofcom also issued the regulatory elements required for a GSM mobile operator, a MCC of 234 (ITU code for UK) and MNC of 01 - which provides the default of UK01 when used with a regular cellular phone.
As a "code system" operator obligations under the Telecommunications Act 2003 apply, providing mobile porting with all UK mobile networks.

</doc>
<doc id="18787182" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18787182" title="Vittorio Sella">
Vittorio Sella

Vittorio Sella (28 August 1859 – 12 August 1943) was an Italian photographer and mountaineer, who took photographs of mountains which are regarded as some of the finest ever made.
Sella was born in Biella in the foothills of the Alps and acquired his interest in Alpinism from his uncle, Quintino Sella. He made a number of significant climbs in the Alps, including the first winter ascents of the Matterhorn and Monte Rosa, and the first winter traverse of Mont Blanc. He took part in several expeditions further afield, including three to the Caucasus (where a peak now bears his name), to Mount Saint Elias in Alaska, to the Rwenzori in Africa, and the 1909 expedition to K2 and the Karakoram. The latter three expeditions were in the company of Luigi Amedeo, Duke of the Abruzzi. Sella continued to climb into his old age, and made his last attempt on the Matterhorn at seventy six. The attempt failed when one of his guides was injured in an accident.
The high quality of Sella's photography was in part due to his use of 30×40 cm photographic plates, in spite of the difficulty of carrying bulky and fragile equipment into remote places. He had to invent equipment, including modified pack saddles and rucksacks, to allow these particularly large glass plates to be transported safely. His photographs were widely published and exhibited, and highly praised; Ansel Adams, who saw thirty-one that Sella had presented to the US Sierra Club, said they inspired "a definitely religious awe". Many of the photographs he took were of mountains which had not been previously recorded and so have historical as well as artistic significance; for example by recording the retreat of glaciers in the Rwenzori mountains in Central Africa.
Sella died in Biella in 1943. His collection of photographs is now managed by the Sella Foundation ("Fondazione Sella") in Biella. Some pictures of Sella are exhibited in the "Museo Nazionale della Montagna "Duca degli Abruzzi"" in Turin.

</doc>
<doc id="18787218" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18787218" title="Bevantolol">
Bevantolol

Bevantolol (INN) is a drug that acts as both a beta blocker and a calcium channel blocker.

</doc>
<doc id="18787246" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18787246" title="HMS Yarmouth (1745)">
HMS Yarmouth (1745)

HMS "Yarmouth" was a 64-gun third rate ship of the line of the Royal Navy, built at Deptford Dockyard. She was previously ordered to the dimensions specified in the 1741 proposals for modifications to the 1719 Establishment, but the Admiralty had very quickly concluded that these were too small, and as an experiment in 1742 authorised an addition of 6ft to the planned length, and the "Yarmouth" was re-ordered to the enlarged design in June 1742. She was built at Deptford, where the Admiralty felt they could best observe the effectiveness of the added size, and launched on 8 March 1745.
Commissioned in February 1745 under Captain Roger Martin. In 1747 under Captain Piercy Brett she was one of George Anson's squadron at the First Battle of Cape Finisterre. In 1781, "Yarmouth" was reduced in armament to become a 60-gun ship. She remained in this role until 1811, when she was broken up.
Destroying USS Randolph.
On 7 March 1778 "Yarmouth" was attacked by the American frigate with half the guns and likely less than a quarter the firepower. The frigate managed to cause some minor damage to two of "Yarmouth"s topmasts and a portion of her bowsprit, then attempted to rake (fire through the length of) the ship; "Randolph" was firing 3 broadsides to "Yarmouth"s one, however the 12 lb shot would have struggled to penetrate "Yarmouth"s scantlings (armor), while "Yarmouth"s likely armaments of 12 lb 24 lb and 32 lb guns would have been able to penetrate any part of her comparatively lightly armored opponent. "Randolph" exploded during the engagement, likely due to a shot penetrating her magazine, killing all but four of her crew. Part of her wreckage landed on "Yarmouth"s decks, including "Randolph"s ensign. "Yarmouth" had to repair two damaged topmasts but suffered no significant damage and no fatalities or serious injuries.
References.
[http://www.jfjcccmuseum.com/tjoschultz/randolph.html]

</doc>
<doc id="18787249" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18787249" title="Zeeshan Ashraf">
Zeeshan Ashraf

Zeeshan Ashraf Qasmi (born 28 February 1977 in Quetta, Pakistan) is a field hockey player. He plays full back. He made his international debut for Pakistan in 2001, and competed in the 2006 Commonwealth Games.
Career.
He was appointed as Captain of the Pakistan national field hockey team for the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing and also the 2010 Hockey World Cup in India. After his team's poor show where they finished an ignominious 12th out of the 12 nations, Ashraf led his entire team in announcing their retirement from international hockey although it is still conceivable that they could rescind their decision. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/sport2/hi/other_sports/hockey/8563195.stm]
Ashraf was appointed captain for the 2010 Commonwealth Games in New Delhi, India.
See also.
Pakistan national field hockey team

</doc>
<doc id="18787268" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18787268" title="1996 America's Red Clay Court Championships – Singles">
1996 America's Red Clay Court Championships – Singles

Todd Woodbridge was the defending champion but lost in the second round to Sandon Stolle.
Jason Stoltenberg won in the final 7–6(7–4), 2–6, 7–5 against Chris Woodruff.

</doc>
<doc id="18787272" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18787272" title="Anton Fokin">
Anton Fokin

Anton Viktorovich Fokin (born November 13, 1982 in Tashkent) is an Uzbek artistic gymnast. He won the bronze medal on the Parallel Bars at the 2007 World Artistic Gymnastics Championships. He represented Uzbekistan at the 2008 Summer Olympics, where he won the bronze medal in the parallel bars event.

</doc>
<doc id="18787279" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18787279" title="Astromicin">
Astromicin

Astromicin (INN)(also frequently referenced in scientific journal articles as compounds Fortimicin A/B ) is an aminoglycoside antibiotic. Synthesized from "Micromonospora olivasterospora"(also named with additional o in olivoasterospora).

</doc>
<doc id="18787304" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18787304" title="Jane Gregory">
Jane Gregory

Jane Gregory (née Jane Bredin 30 June 1959 – 1 April 2011), was an international equestrian. She first rode for her country in 1994, competing in the World Equestrian Games of that year, and competed for Great Britain in Dressage at the Atlanta and Beijing Olympic Games.
Early life.
Born in Bromley, Kent, Gregory came from a non-equestrian family. At the age of seven she started to learn to ride, going weekly to a riding centre near her home in Cornwall. Her first horse was called Timolin, a Connemara, and was bought for her by her godmother for £175. She joined the North Cornwall Pony Club, winning the junior section of club's championships in 1976.
International career.
Her international career started in 1994. In that year she competed in the World Equestrian Games. She rode at the Atlanta Olympics 1996 with her horse Cupido. For several years after this she did not compete internationally due to horse injuries, but by 2001 she was first in the small tour rankings. She made a full comeback in 2006 when she won grand prix and grand prix special with the horse Lucky Star at Munich CDI in May, then she won the grand prix freestyle at the Mariakalnok CDI.
Her last coach was Ulla Salzgeber. She competed in Dressage for Team GB at the Beijing Olympics, stating "I am in a state of shock" upon finding out that she was selected. She was a member of the GB dressage team along with Laura Bechtolsheimer and Emma Hindle.
Personal life.
Based from Great Cheverell, Wiltshire, in 2006 Jane married her partner of twenty years, Hong Kong dressage rider Aram Gregory. Gregory died on 1 April 2011 after suffering a heart attack at the age of 51.

</doc>
<doc id="18787310" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18787310" title="Turkmenidae">
Turkmenidae

Turkmenidae is an extinct family of lamprids from the Paleogene of Turkmenistan. They were small, disk-shaped fish that bore a strong resemblance to their closest living relatives, the opahs.
"Turkmene" and "Danatinia" are found in the Thanetian epoch (of the Paleocene) sections of the Danata Formation Lagerstatten of Turkmenistan. "Analectis" is found in Late Oligocene strata elsewhere in Turkmenistan. After the extinction of "Analectis", Turkmenidae disappears from the fossil record.

</doc>
<doc id="18787313" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18787313" title="Galy Records">
Galy Records

Galy Records is a Canadian independent record label based in Verdun, Quebec, founded by Eric Galy in 2002. The label includes albums released for bands such as Dead Brain Cells, Neuraxis, Despised Icon, Gorguts, Unexpect, Infernäl Mäjesty, Anvil, Soulscar, Beneath the Massacre, Coprofago, Ion Dissonance, Martyr, Anonymus, Fuck the Facts and Infected Malignity.

</doc>
<doc id="18787316" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18787316" title="Micronomicin">
Micronomicin

Micronomicin (INN) is an aminoglycoside antibiotic for use on the eye.

</doc>
<doc id="18787339" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18787339" title="The Lily of Killarney">
The Lily of Killarney

The Lily of Killarney is an opera in three acts by Julius Benedict. The libretto, by John Oxenford and Dion Boucicault, is based on Boucicault's own play "The Colleen Bawn". The opera received its premiere at Covent Garden Theatre, London on Monday 10 February 1862.
Background.
"The Lily of Killarney" became the most widely performed of Benedict's operas. It has been linked with Balfe's "The Bohemian Girl" and Wallace's "Maritana" as 'The Irish Ring'. Its convincing handling of Irish idiom is interesting considering Benedict's German-Jewish origins. Some of the opera's songs - notably "The moon hath raised her lamp above" and "Eily Mavourneen" - remain in the repertoire. The opera is mentioned in James Joyce "Ulysses" and Djuna Barnes "Nightwood".
Synopsis.
Killarney at the end of the 18th century. Cregan has married Eily (the 'colleen bawn' = Gaelic 'the fair maid') in secret. Corrigan threatens to dispossess Cregan and his mother, who have mortgaged their lands to him, unless Cregan marries the heiress Ann Shute. Cregan's friend Danny offers to resolve the situation by killing Eily. Cregan demurs, but the unwitting Mrs. Cregan is persuaded by Danny to give a signal for Eily's death. But before he can kill her, Danny himself is accidentally shot by Myles (who is out hunting), to whom he confesses. Cregan is about to marry Ann when Corrigan arrives to arrest him for plotting Eily's death. Myles makes public Danny's confession, Cregan acknowledges Eily and Ann (in the most unlikely turn of all) undertakes to settle the Cregans' debts to Corrigan.

</doc>
<doc id="18787340" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18787340" title="Vladimir Shemetov">
Vladimir Shemetov

Vladimir Shemetov (, born March 9, 1964) is a former backstroke swimmer from the Soviet Union. He competed at the boycotted 1980 Summer Olympics in Moscow, USSR, and won two silver medals at the 1981 European Championships in Split.

</doc>
<doc id="18787342" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18787342" title="Nano–Mugen Compilation 2008">
Nano–Mugen Compilation 2008

ASIAN KUNG-FU GENERATION presents Nano–Mugen Compilation 2008 is a compilation album released by Asian Kung-Fu Generation on July 9, 2008, to advertise their seventh annual Nano-Mugen Festival held at the Yokohama Arena through July 20–21st. The album features one song from each of the sixteen groups, from Japan, United States, and United Kingdom, who performed at the festival.

</doc>
<doc id="18787346" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18787346" title="Gloydius shedaoensis">
Gloydius shedaoensis

Gloydius shedaoensis is a venomous pitviper species found only on Shedao Island in China. Although very small, this island is home to an extraordinarily large population of these snakes. No subspecies are currently recognized.
Description.
Adults grow to an average snout-vent length (SVL) of 65–70 cm (25.6-27.6 inches). Scalation includes 23 rows of dorsal scales at midbody, an average of 157 ventral scales, and an average of 41 paired subcaudal scales. Also, the second supralabial scale is low and does not form the anterior margin of the heat-sensing loreal 
pit. The color pattern consists of a grayish brown ground color overlaid with a series of dark brown X-shaped markings. A postocular stripe is present that is very narrow and very dark in color.
Geographic range.
Found only on Shedao Island off the coast of Liaotung in northeastern China. The type locality given is "Shedao (Snake Island), situated about statute miles from and to the north-west of Lüshun (Port Arthur), Liaoning Province, altitude below 215 m feet" (China).
Shedao Island lies 7 nautical miles (about 13 km or 8.1 statute miles) from the nearest mainland and has an area of 0.63 km² (156 acres), or 0.73 km² (180 acres). However, despite its small size, the population density of these snakes on the island has long been know to be extremely high. Koba (1938) estimated that, on the southeastern part of the island, there was about one snake for every square meter (10.8 sq ft), while Huang (1984) calculated that there were about 9,100-11,500 snakes on the island during the spring and fall of 1982 when the snakes were active.
Feeding.
The diet consists of small passerine birds of various species. These birds migrate to and from their breeding grounds in Siberia and visit the island in May and September. The snakes prey on the birds during these months and are inactive for the rest of the year.
Prey is ambushed either on the ground or from tree branches, the snake waiting with the anterior portion of its body in a concertina shape. Researchers have found specimens in this position, already containing two or three freshly ingested birds. Larger snakes on the ground also scavenge birds that have been struck and killed by other snakes too small to eat them.

</doc>
<doc id="18787352" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18787352" title="Lechazo">
Lechazo

Lechazo is a Spanish dish made from "cordero lechal". The meat used is from unweaned lambs, and is similar to veal, or the meat of "cochinillo", Spanish suckling pigs. The province of Castilla y Leon has a distinctive version of lechazo referred to as "Lechazo de Castilla y Leon". Aranda de Duero is known as the heart of the dish, with numerous restaurants that specialize in lechazo and feature "hornos de leña", or wooden stoves, in which the lamb is roasted.
The lamb used in lechal must derive all its nutrition from its mothers milk, and must be no more than 35 days old and weight between 9 and 12 kilograms at the time of slaughter.

</doc>
<doc id="18787357" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18787357" title="Programming Metadata Communications Protocol">
Programming Metadata Communications Protocol

Programming Metadata Communications Protocol (PMCP) is an open-source, device-independent eXtensible Markup Language (XML) schema developed and published by the Advanced Television Systems Committee (ATSC) that is used to communicate data elements needed to create PSIP and MPEG-2 PSI within a transmission facility and to communicate the data between and among transmission facilities and other points.

</doc>
<doc id="18787362" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18787362" title="Anton, Sofia Province">
Anton, Sofia Province

Anton (, pronounced ) is a village in western Bulgaria, part of Sofia Province. It is the administrative centre of Anton Municipality, which lies in the easternmost part of Sofia Province. Anton is situated in the Zlatitsa–Pirdop Valley, 80 kilometres east of the capital Sofia. The village is the only place in the eponymous municipality, which has an area of 76 square kilometres and includes the "Vartopa" area, part of the Central Balkan National Park. Anton's old name was "Ladzhene" (Лъджене).
A notable sight in the area is the Elenska Basilica, a partially preserved imposing Late Roman or early Byzantine (5th-6th century) Christian basilica.

</doc>
<doc id="18787368" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18787368" title="Colin Cam Mackenzie of Kintail">
Colin Cam Mackenzie of Kintail

Colin Mackenzie of Kintail (died 14 June 1594), nicknamed “Cam” (“crooked”, because one-eyed), was a Highland chief of the Scottish clan Mackenzie who greatly increased his ancestral estates through royal favour and a career of vigorous self-aggrandisement.
Origins.
Mackenzie was the second, but eldest surviving, son of Kenneth Mackenzie, 10th of Kintail (died 6 June 1568) and Lady Elizabeth Stewart, the daughter of John Stewart, 2nd Earl of Atholl. The Mackenzies were a clan from Ross-shire that had risen to prominence in the 15th century during the disintegration of the Lordship of the Isles.
Royal favour.
Mackenzie fought for Mary, Queen of Scots, at the Battle of Langside in the year 1568 where she was defeated and forced into exile. He subsequently became a favourite of her son King James. According to his descendant the Earl of Cromartie, "there was none in the North for whom the King hade a greater esteem than for this Colin. He made him one of his Privie Councillors, and oft tymes invited him to be nobilitate ; but Colin always declined it, aiming rather to have his familie remarkable for power, as it were, above their qualitie than for titles that equalled their power."
Inheritance.
According to the "Origines Parochiales Scotiae", "in 1570 King James VI granted to Coline Makcainze, the son and apparent heir of the deceased Canzeoch of Kintaill, permission to be served heir in his minority to all the lands and rents in the Sheriffdom of Inverness, in which his father died last vest and seised. In 1572 the same King confirmed a grant made by Colin Makcanze of Kintaill to Barbara Graunt, his affianced spouse, in fulfilment of a contract between him and John Grant of Freuchie, dated 25 April 1571, of his lands of Climbo name="William John Watson 1904 page 179">William John Watson, "Place-names of Ross and Cromarty" (Northern Counties Printing and Publishing Co, 1904), at page 179</ref> Keppach [Keppoch, and Ballichon, Mekle Innerennet, Derisduan Beg, Little Innerennet, Derisduan [Dorusduain Moir, Auchadrein, Kirktoun, Ardtulloch, Rovoch, Quhissil, Tullych, Derewall and Nuik, Inchchro, Morowoch, Glenlik, Innersell and Nuik, Ackazarge, Kinlochbeancharan Beannacharain, and Innerchonray, in the Earldom of Ross, and Sheriffdom of Inverness. In 1574 the same Colin was served heir to his father Kenneth McKeinzie in the davach of Letterfernane, the davach of Glenshall, and other lands in the barony of Ellendonane of the old extent of five marks."
The Chanonry of Ross.
In 1570 a quarrel broke out between the Mackenzies and the Munros. John Lesley, the celebrated Bishop of Ross, who had been secretary to Queen Mary, dreading the effect of public feeling against prelacy in the North, and against himself personally, made over to his cousin Leslie of Balquhair, his rights and titles to the Chanonry of Ross, together with the castle lands, in order to divest them of the character of church property, and so save them to his family. Notwithstanding this grant, the Regent Moray gave the custody of the castle to Andrew Munro of Milntown, a rigid presbyterian, and in high favour with Moray. Moray promised Leslie some of the lands of the barony of Fintry in Buchan as an equivalent but died before this arrangement was carried out. But Leslie ultimately obtained permission from the Earl of Lennox, during his regency, and afterwards from the Earl of Mar, his successor in that office, to get possession of the castle.
Wishing to obtain the castle for themselves, the Mackenzies purchased Leslie's right, by virtue of which they demanded delivery of the castle. When this was refused by the Munros, Mackenzie embarked on a lengthy campaign to take the castle by force. The Munros held out for three years, but eventually capitulated. They continued on bad terms with the Mackenzies for many years thereafter.
Feud with the Macdonells of Glengarry.
In 1580 a quarrel broke out between the Mackenzies and the Macdonells of Glengarry. The Chief of Glengarry had inherited part of Lochalsh, Lochcarron, and Lochbroom, from his grandmother, Margaret, one of the sisters and co-heiresses of Sir Donald Macdonald of Lochalsh, and granddaughter of Celestine of the Isles. Colin’s father, Kenneth Mackenzie, had acquired the other part by purchase from Dingwall of Kildun, son of the other co-heiress of Sir Donald, on 24 November 1554, and Queen Mary had confirmed the grant by Royal charter. The friction arising from this close proximity between Mackenzie and Macdonell erupted into an open feud, in the course of which Ruairi Mackenzie of Redcastle (Colin's brother) invaded Glengarry's lands with 200 men: Macdonell himself was taken prisoner and his three uncles murdered. In 1582 Macdonell complained to the Privy Council, who, investigating the matter, caused Strome Castle, which Macdonald yielded to Mackenzie as one of the conditions of his release, to be placed under the temporary custody of the Earl of Argyll. According to the records of the Privy Council, Kintail himself was detained at Blackness Castle in open ward to answer such charges as might be brought against him.
Whatever Colin’s personal involvement in the murders may have been, his relationship with James VI did not fail him and, in 1586, the King granted a remission to "Colin McKainzie of Kintaill and Rodoric McKainzie of Auchterfailie" (Redcastle), "his brother, for being art and part in the cruel murder of Rodoric McAllester in Stroll; Gorie McAllester, his brother, in Stromcraig; Ronnald McGorie, the son of the latter; John Roy McAllane vic Allester, in Pitnean; John Dow McAllane vic Allester, in Kirktoun of Lochcarroun; Alexander McAllanroy, servitor of the deceased Rodoric; Sir John Monro in Lochbrume; John Monro, his son; John Monro Hucheoun, and the rest of their accomplices, under silence of night, upon the lands of Ardmanichtyke, Dalmartene, Kirktoun of Lochcarroun, Blahat, and other parts within the baronies of Lochcarroun, Lochbrume, Ros, and Kessane, in the Sheriffdom of Innerness," and for all their other past crimes.
Discomfiture of the Earl of Huntly.
Colin’s brother, Rory “Mor” Mackenzie of Redcastle was also involved in an episode that occurred in the course of the Earl of Huntly’s pursuit of a commission of fire and sword against Mackintosh of Mackintosh. Mackintosh was married to the Mackenzies’ sister, which led Colin to send a message to Huntly requesting that she be politely treated. When Huntly returned an abrupt and discourteous response, Colin sent a force of 400 men under Rory to overtake him. The size of Mackenzie’s forces and the speed with which they had been assembled and deployed apparently dissuaded Huntly from pursuing his commission further.
Relationship with the Privy Council.
A career like Mackenzie’s did not leave him without enemies and the records of the Privy Council are full of the complaints made by those aggrieved by him, including (for example) Christian Scrymgeour, widow of the Bishop of Ross, Henry, Lord Methven, Macdonell of Glengarry, Hugh Fraser of Guisachan, “the united burghs of the realm” and James Sinclair (the Master of Caithness).
However, it is clear that Mackenzie was a masterful navigator of the treacherous waters of 16th century Scottish politics. On 27 July 1588, he was appointed by a Convention of the Estates as a member of a Commission, charged with powers for executing the laws against Jesuits, Papists, and other delinquents, and with other extensive powers. On 24 May 1589, he was named as the Commissioner for Inverness-shire who was to convene the freeholders of the county for choosing the Commissioners to a Parliament to be held at Edinburgh on 2 October in that year. He was, along with Simon Lord Lovat, John Grant of Grant, Lachlan Mackintosh of Mackintosh, Ross of Balnagown, Hector Munro of Fowlis, and others, chosen an assistant Commissioner of justiciary for the counties of Elgin, Nairn, and Inverness, in March 1592-93.
He was appointed a member of the Privy Council in June 1592, but he appears not to have accepted the office on that occasion. However, he accepted the position soon after, for it is recorded under date of 5 July 1593, that "Colin Mackenzie of Kintail being admitted of the Privy Council gave his oath," in common form.
Acquisitions of territory.
In addition to his acquisitions in Lochalsh and Lochcarron, Colin (according to the Earl of Cromartie) "feued the Lordship of Ardmeanach, and the Barony of Delnys, Brae Ross, with the exception of Western Achnacherich, Wester Drynie, and Tarradale, which Bayne of Tulloch had feued before, but found it his interest to hold of him as immediate superior, which, with the former possessions of the lands of Chanonry, greatly enhanced his influence. Albeit his predecessors were active both in war and peace, and precedent in acquiring their estate; yet this man acquired more than all that went before him, and made such a solid progress in it, that what he had acquired was with the goodwill of his sovereign, and clear unquestionable purchase."
Colin obtained a charter of the barony of Assynt on 20 January 1591/2 (resigned by his nephew, Torquil Macleod) and a charter of the church lands of Applecross and others on 4 February 1591/2.
Marriage and children.
Pursuant to a marriage contract entered into on 26 July 1570, Colin married Barbara, daughter of John Grant of Grant and Lady Marjory Stewart, daughter of John Stewart, 3rd Earl of Atholl. Her dowry was 2000 merks and the half lands of Lochbroom (which had been given to Grant in 1546, but never occupied or enjoyed by him). Their children included the following:
Colin also had an illegitimate son, Alexander (died March 1650), by Margaret, daughter of Roderick Mackenzie of Davochmaluag. Alexander was the founder of the Mackenzies of Applecross and the Mackenzies of Coul.
Colin Cam Mackenzie died on 14 June 1594 at Redcastle and was buried at Beauly Priory.
Ancestors.
Colin Cam Mackenzie of Kintail's ancestors in three generations
References.
This article includes text from Alexander Mackenzie’s "History of the Mackenzies" (Inverness, 1894), a publication that is no longer in copyright.

</doc>
<doc id="18787385" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18787385" title="Arthur Freeman (cricketer)">
Arthur Freeman (cricketer)

Arthur Freeman (15 October 1871 – 30 November 1948) was an English cricketer. He was a fast bowler who played for Somerset. He was born in Iron Acton and died in Bath.
Freeman made one first-class appearance, against Sussex during the 1905 season. Batting in the tailend, Freeman scored 3 runs in the only innings in which he batted.

</doc>
<doc id="18787390" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18787390" title="HMS Princess Louisa (1744)">
HMS Princess Louisa (1744)

HMS "Princess Louisa" was a 58-gun fourth rate ship of the line of the Royal Navy, built to the dimensions prescribed in the 1741 proposals of the 1719 Establishment at Limehouse, and launched on 1 July 1744.
"Princess Louisa" served until 1766, when she was broken up.

</doc>
<doc id="18787396" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18787396" title="Bronzini">
Bronzini

Bronzini is an Italian surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="18787407" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18787407" title="Granderson">
Granderson

Granderson may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18787424" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18787424" title="Maria Kuncewiczowa">
Maria Kuncewiczowa

Maria Kuncewiczowa (Samara, Russian Empire, 30 October 1895 - 15 July 1989, Lublin, Poland) was a Polish writer and novelist.
Kuncewiczowa studied music and literature in Kraków, Warsaw and Paris. She had published under pseudonyms for the magazine "Le Lierre". In 1938 she was awarded the Gold Laurel (Złoty Wawrzyn) of the Polish Academy of Literature. After 1939 she lived in France, England and the United States. She spent her last years in Kazimierz nad Wisłą. In 1989 the University of Maria Curie-Sklodowska made her its own member "honoris causa".

</doc>
<doc id="18787426" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18787426" title="HMS Defiance (1744)">
HMS Defiance (1744)

HMS "Defiance" was a 58-gun fourth rate ship of the line of the Royal Navy, built to the dimensions laid out in the 1741 proposals of the 1719 Establishment at Deptford, and launched on 12 October 1744.
"Defiance" served until she was sold out of the navy in 1766.

</doc>
<doc id="18787427" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18787427" title="Cawley">
Cawley

Cawley is a surname in the English language. There are several different origins of the surname. In some cases the surnames are derived from any of numerous place names in England. In other cases the surnames are derived from any of several Gaelic language surnames.
Etymology.
In some cases, the surname is a variant of the surname "Cowley", and is thus derived from any of a number of different place names in England. Such places are located in Buckinghamshire, Devon, Oxfordshire, Staffordshire, Derbyshire, Lancashire, Gloucestershire, and Middlesex. These place names have numerous different etymologies. For example, one place name is derived from the Old English elements "cu" and "leah", meaning "cow" and "woodland clearing"; another two are from the Old English "col", meaning "coal" (in reference to charcoal); other places may be in part derived from the Old English personal names "Cufa" and "Cofa".
In some cases, the surnames are derived from the Scottish Gaelic "MacAmhalghaidh", and Irish "Mac Amhalghaidh". These Gaelic surnames translates into English as "son of "Amhalghaidh"" or "son of "Amhalghadh"". The Gaelic surnames originated as a patronyms, however they are no longer used to refer to the actual names of the bearers' fathers. The personal name "Amhalghaidh" (also spelt "Amhalghadh") is an old Gaelic name, and its etymological origin and meaning are uncertain.
In other cases, the surnames are derived from the Scottish Gaelic "MacAmhlaidh", or the Irish "Mac Amhlaoibh". These surnames translate into English as "son of "Amhladh"" or "son of "Amhlaidh""; and "son of "Amhlaoibh"". The Gaelic surnames originated as a patronyms, however they are no longer used to refer to the actual names of the bearers' fathers. The names "Amhladh", "Amhlaidh", and "Amhlaoibh" are Gaelic derivatives of the Old Norse personal names "Áleifr" and "Óláfr".
Distribution.
United States of America.
In 1990, the United States Census Bureau undertook a study of the 1990 United States Census, and released a sample of data concerning the most common names. According to this sample of 6.3 million people (who had 88,799 unique last names), "Cawley" ranked 7,289th most common last name, and was borne by 0.002 percent of the population sample. Within the 2000 United States Census, "Cawley" was the 5,900th most common last name, with 5,370 occurrences. The table below shows data concerning racial-ethnic aspects of the surname in the 2000 United States Census.
List of persons with the surname.
John Cawley (born 1972), Philadelphia

</doc>
<doc id="18787440" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18787440" title="History of Achaemenid Egypt">
History of Achaemenid Egypt

The history of Achaemenid Egypt is divided into two eras: an initial period of Achaemenid Persian occupation when Egypt ( "Mudrāya") became a satrapy, followed by an interval of independence; and a second period of occupation, again under the Achaemenids.
The last pharaoh of the Twenty-Sixth dynasty, Psamtik III, was defeated by Cambyses II of Persia in the battle of Pelusium in the eastern Nile delta in 525 BC. Egypt was then joined with Cyprus and Phoenicia in the sixth satrapy of the Achaemenid Empire. Thus began the first period of Persian rule over Egypt (also known as the 27th Dynasty), which ended around 402 BC. 
After an interval of independence, during which three indigenous dynasties reigned (the 28th, 29th, and 30th dynasty), Artaxerxes III (358–338 BC) reconquered the Nile valley for a brief second period (343–332 BC), which is called the thirty-first dynasty of Egypt.
The first Egyptian satrapy.
Cambyses led three unsuccessful military campaigns in Africa: against Carthage, the Siwa Oasis, and Nubia. He remained in Egypt until 522 BC and died on the way back to Persia. The Greek and Jewish sources, especially Herodotus and Diodorus Siculus, present us a bleak portrait of Cambyses' rule, describing the king as mad, ungodly, and cruel. It is impossible unfortunately to compare these texts with Egyptian sources, as all unofficial documents appear doing their best to ignore Cambyses' existence. 
Herodotus may have drawn on an indigenous tradition that reflected the Egyptians' resentment, especially of the clergy, of Cambyses' decree (known from a Demotic text on the back of papyrus no. 215 in the Bibliothèque Nationale, Paris) curtailing royal grants made to Egyptian temples under Ahmose II.
In order to regain the support of the powerful priestly class, Darius I (522–486 BC) revoked Cambyses' decree. Diodorus reported that Darius was the sixth and last lawmaker for Egypt; according to Demotic papyrus no. 215, in the third year of his reign he ordered his satrap in Egypt, Aryandes, to bring together wise men among the soldiers, priests, and scribes, in order to codify the legal system that had been in use until the year 44 of Ahmose II (c. 526 BC). 
The laws were to be transcribed on papyrus in both Demotic and Aramaic, so that the satraps and their officials, mainly Persians and Babylonians, would have a legal guide in both the official language of the empire and the language of local administration. To facilitate commerce, Darius built a navigable waterway from the Nile to the Red Sea (from Bubastis Zaqaziq through the Wadi Tumilat and the Bitter Lakes); it was marked along the way by four great bilingual stelae, the so-called "canal stelae," inscribed in both hieroglyphics and cuneiform scripts. 
In 1972 archaeological excavations at Susa brought to light a stone statue of Darius I, standing and wearing a sumptuous Persian garment; it is inscribed in cuneiform (in Old Persian, Elamite, and Akkadian) and in hieroglyphics. This can be interpreted as a recognition of the role of Egypt in the Empire.
Shortly before 486 BC, the year of Darius' death, there was a revolt of the type that had occurred under Aryandes, that was definitively subdued by Xerxes I (486–464 BC) only in 484 BC. The province was subjected to harsh punishment for the revolt, and especially its satrap Achaemenes administered the country without regard for the opinion of his subjects. 
A still more serious and extensive revolt took place in about 460 BC under Artaxerxes I. It was led by the Libyan Inaros II, son of Psamtik III (Thucydides 1.104), who asked for help from Athens; a fleet of 200 ships sailed up the Nile as far as the ancient citadel of Memphis, two thirds of which was occupied by the insurgents. Achaemenes was killed in the course of the battle of Papremis in the western Delta.
The second Egyptian satrapy.
It is not known who served as satrap after Artaxerxes III, but under Darius III (336–330 BC) there was Sabaces, who fought and died at the important Battle of Issus against Alexander the Great, and was succeeded by Mazaces. Egyptians also fought at Issus on the Persian side against the Greeks, for example, the nobleman Somtutefnekhet of Heracleopolis, who described on the "Naples stele" how he escaped during the battle, and how Arsaphes, the god of his city, protected him and allowed him to return home. 
In 332 BC Mazaces handed over the country to Alexander the Great without a fight. The Achaemenid empire had ended, and for a while Egypt was a satrapy in Alexander's empire. Later the Ptolemies and the Romans successively ruled the Nile valley.

</doc>
<doc id="18787443" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18787443" title="Acamas (son of Antenor)">
Acamas (son of Antenor)

Acamas (Ancient Greek: ), son of Antenor and Theano, was a participant in the Trojan War, and fought on the side of the Trojans. With his brother Archelochus and his cousin Aeneas, Acamas led the Dardanian contingent to assist King Priam. Along with Aeneas and Archelochus he led one of the five divisions attacking the Argive wall in the battle for the ships. He avenged the death of his brother, who had been killed by Ajax, by slaying Promachus the Boeotian. He was killed possibly by Meriones in book 16 of the "Iliad", but the Acamas killed there was not specifically identified as a son of Antenor. Quintus of Smyrna describes him as having been killed by Philoctetes.

</doc>
<doc id="18787447" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18787447" title="Turkmene">
Turkmene

Turkmene finitimus is an extinct lamprid from the Danata Formation Lagerstatten, of the Upper Paleocene of Turkmenistan. It lived sympatrically with its close relative, "Danatinia".
In life, "T. finitimus" would have resembled a spadefish with beak-like lips, or a very small opah (its closest living relative) with a bulging forehead.

</doc>
<doc id="18787451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18787451" title="We've Been Asking Questions">
We've Been Asking Questions

"We've Been Asking Questions" is a song written by singer-songwriter John Phillips. 
Phillips wrote the song in January 2011 and wanted to perform it but never got to because of his death shortly. The song was performed by Scott McKenzie, who was a friend of Phillips, on a PBS special, "My Generation "The 60's Experience"" (part of PBS's "My Music" series) in 2005. The song was not released as a single or in any albums however and was performed that one time only.

</doc>
<doc id="18787459" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18787459" title="Electoral history of Nelson Rockefeller">
Electoral history of Nelson Rockefeller

Electoral history of Nelson Rockefeller, 41st Vice President of the United States (1974–1977) and 49th Governor of New York (1959–1973). 
1960 Republican presidential primaries:
1964 Republican presidential primaries:
1964 Republican National Convention (1st ballot):
1964 Republican National Convention (2nd ballot):
1968 Republican presidential primaries
1968 Republican National Convention (1st ballot)
1968 Republican National Convention (2nd ballot)
Vice President of the United States (confirmation in the Senate), 1974:
Vice President of the United States (confirmation in the House), 1974:

</doc>
<doc id="18787463" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18787463" title="Angélique de Froissy">
Angélique de Froissy

Philippe Angélique de Froissy (1702 – 15 October 1785 in Paris) was an illegitimate daughter of Philippe d'Orléans, the nephew and son-in-law of Louis XIV of France. She was "comtesse de Ségur" by marriage, and a courtier of Louis XV, her cousin. 
Her mother was Christine Antoinette "Charlotte" Desmares (1682–1753), a beautiful actress ("tragedienne") of the Théâtre-Français who was painted by Jean-Baptiste Santerre. 
Charlotte Desmares was a niece of Marie Champmeslé and one of the many mistresses of the regent, Philippe d'Orléans, around 1702, the year their daughter was born. Also born in 1702 was another illegitimate child of the duke, Jean Philippe d'Orléans, by a lady-in-waiting, Madame d'Argenton. Angélique's half-brother was legitimised in 1706, whereas Angélique was neither acknowledged nor recognized, although Madame du Prat erroneously states in her memoirs that she was recognized on April 22, 1722, the same day as the abbé de Saint-Albin, another illegitimate son of the Duke of Orléans by his mistress Florence Pellerin.
Madame de Ségur belonged to the inner circle of Louis XV's intimates. She is described as "fresh, white, well made, strong and intoxicating".
She married Henri François, comte de Ségur (1689–1751) at Cagny or Paris on 10 or 12 September 1718. He was the son Henri Joseph, comte de Ségur and Claude Élisabeth Binet.
Called "le beau Ségur" ("the handsome Ségur"), her husband had been "master of the wardrobe" of the Regent ("maître de la garderobe du Régent"). He lived in an "hôtel" in Passy, Paris on a beautiful ten-acre property, which later passed to the Duchess of Valentinois and was named "Hôtel de Valentinois" after her. (The property is famous for being the residence of Benjamin Franklin for nearly ten years.)
They had at least five children: 
Angélique died in Paris 1785 at 83 years of age, and was buried at the Église Saint-Eustache, Paris.

</doc>
<doc id="18787468" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18787468" title="RF microwave CAE CAD">
RF microwave CAE CAD

RF microwave CAE CAD is computer-aided design (CAD) using computer technology to aid in the design, modeling, and simulation of an RF or microwave product. It is a visual and symbol-based method of communication whose conventions are particular to RF/microwave engineering.
Scope of design.
RF and microwave circuit design and simulation software for the electronic design automation (EDA) marketplace includes but not limited to circuit simulation, analysis, schematic capture, and integrated design environment for synthesis tools which automate the design of HF (high frequency) circuits from RF to microwave to millimeter waves. Physical modeling of stripline and microstrip for transmission lines. A wide range of applications are possible, from analog sub-circuit design to RF circuit design for complex wireless communications systems. 
Scope of modeling.
There are a vast number of device or component types which can be simulated in computer aided design software. Generally, the degree of complexity for modeling depends on the software package and the synthesis of off-the-shelf models and application-specific custom models. The component types can be categorized as follows: amplifiers, antennas, attenuators, cabling, capacitors, circulators, combiners, couplers, connectors, DC blocks, delay lines, detectors, diodes, dividers, ferrites, filters, inductors, isolators, limiters, mixers, oscillators, phase shifters, resistors, rotary joints, switches, transistors, terminators, and waveguides.

</doc>
<doc id="18787479" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18787479" title="Insectarium">
Insectarium

An insectarium is a live insect zoo, or a museum or exhibit of live insects. Insectariums often display a variety of insects and similar arthropods, such as spiders, beetles, cockroaches, ants, bees, millipedes, centipedes, crickets, grasshoppers, stick insects, scorpions and mantids. Displays can focus on learning about insects, types of insects, their habitats, why they are important, and the work of entomologists, arachnologists, and other scientists that study terrestrial arthropods and similar animals.
Overview.
Some insectariums may include museum displays of mounted insects and exhibits about insects.
A butterfly zoo is a type of insectarium that specializes in live butterflies and moths. In addition, there are seasonal butterfly gardens on display at many zoos, botanical gardens, nature centers, natural history museums and science museums.
List of insectariums.
Public insectariums or insect zoos include:

</doc>
<doc id="18787482" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18787482" title="Chavdar, Sofia Province">
Chavdar, Sofia Province

Chavdar (, pronounced ) is a village in western Bulgaria, part of Sofia Province. It is the administrative centre of Chavdar Municipality, which lies in the easternmost part of Sofia Province. Chavdar is situated in the Zlatitsa–Pirdop Valley, 80 kilometres east of the capital Sofia, at the foot of the western Balkan Mountains and close to Sredna Gora. The village is the only place in the eponymous municipality, which has an area of 70 square kilometres. Until 1899, Chavdar was named "Kolanlare", then it was renamed to "Radoslavovo" (after Vasil Radoslavov), and it acquired its present name on 5 January 1946 after the partisan brigade that was active in the region.

</doc>
<doc id="18787506" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18787506" title="Chrystabel Leighton-Porter">
Chrystabel Leighton-Porter

Chrystabel Leighton-Porter was the model for the Second World War Daily Mirror newspaper cartoon heroine "Jane" which boosted morale during the Blitz. Prime Minister Winston Churchill suggested that Jane was "Britain's secret weapon". Chrystabel was born in 1913 and died in 2000.
Biography.
Born Chrystabel Jane Drewry in Eastleigh, Hampshire on 11 April 1913, Chrystabel Leighton-Porter had an older twin, Sylvia, and was the youngest of eleven children of whom three died young. Her modelling started after she left school when she moved to London to live with her sister and earned a living posing for life classes.
The Daily Mirror cartoonist Norman Pett had been drawing a weekly cartoon since 1932 which he called "Jane's Journal — The Diary of A Bright Young Thing". Pett's original model was his wife, but he replaced her with Chrystabel in 1940. In 1944, when Jane first appeared nude in the cartoon, she was credited with 'inspiring' the 36th Division to advance six miles into Burma.
In 1948, Pett's assistant Michael Hubbard took over the Jane cartoons. Chrystabel Leighton-Porter began a music hall striptease-act based on the Jane character which toured army bases around the country. She won the title of "Britain's Perfect Girl" at the London Palladium and was signed up by theatrical agent Lew Grade which led to her starring in the film "The Adventures of Jane" in 1949. It was released on DVD in April 2008.
"Jane" received many letters from servicemen proposing marriage (62 in just one week) and Chrystabel was careful to hide the fact that she had already secretly married Arthur Leighton-Porter, a Royal Air Force pilot, before the outbreak of the war. Hubbard continued to develop the cartoons' storyline until 1959, when he gave Jane a happy marriage and ended the series.
In the early-1960s Chrystabel moved to Bermuda and then to Horsham in Sussex where she centred her activities around her son Simon (who later followed his father into the RAF) and was a fund raiser for several charities. In the 1980s a BBC television serial was made of "Jane" and starred Glynis Barber.
Throughout her later years, Chrystabel Leighton-Porter made regular appearances at wartime reunions. In 1993, the Imperial War Museum exhibition "Forces Sweethearts" included her 1940's frilly knickers. Chrystabel died on 6 December 2000 aged 87. Arthur died in January 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="18787508" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18787508" title="John Crosdill">
John Crosdill

John Crosdill (1751–1825) was an English musician, violoncellist and violist. 
Biography.
Crosdill was born in London, England and was the son of violoncellist Richard Crosdill (1698–1790) with whom he is sometimes confused. John Crosdill, along with James Cervetto (1747–1837), son of Italian émigré Giacobbe Cervetto (1682–1783), was one of the most visible violoncellists in London during the 1770s and 1780s. Crosdill was a skilled performer but not a strong composer. He played concertos, concertinas, continuo sonatas and chamber music; both solos and orchestral parts.
Crosdill’s musical training began when, at a young age, he became a chorister at Westminster Abbey under the direction of John Robinson and Benjamin Cooke. He later took up violoncello under his father’s tutelage. 
Musical career.
Crosdill made his first public appearance as a violoncellist at age nine when Emanuel Siprutini(1730–1790), his probable teacher, presented him in a duo. He was accepted into the Royal Society of Musicians in 1768, at the age of seventeen.
In the spring of 1775, Crosdill played at the King’s Theatre in the oratorios sponsored by Johann Christian Bach (1735–1782). He subsequently played for the oratorios at Covent Garden in 1777 and at Drury Lane in 1779, 1782 and 1784.
Crosdill was the principal cellist for the Three Choirs Festival, each year from 1769, (except 1778) and was principal violoncellist for the Concerts of Ancient Music from its establishment in 1776 until his retirement. On March 10, 1778 Crosdill became violist in the Chapel Royal.
In 1782, Crosdill was appointed chamber musician to Queen Charlotte and violoncello instructor to the Prince of Wales (later George IV). It was this appointment that made Crosdill the most fashionable violoncello teacher of his day. His resulting acclaim led to the performance of many private concerts for nobility including the Friday afternoon ladies’ concerts which he organized.
Crosdill’s 1784 appointment to Composer and Master of the King’s Band in Ireland by the Duke of Rutland, was controversial. Many elite professional musicians, including Dr Charles Burney (1726–1814), thought Crosdill unworthy of this sinecure. Crosdill played in the annual productions of "Messiah" and was principal violoncellist for the 1784 Handel commemorative concerts given at Westminster Abbey. 
During his prime, Crosdill made many sojourns to Paris where he was a favourite of Marie Antoinette. There he studied with and became close friends with the Duport brothers, Jean-Pierre Duport (1741–1818), and Jean-Louis Duport (1749–1819). He was member of Giovanni Batista Viotti’s (1755–1825) orchestra for the Concert de la Loge Olympique in 1780. Crosdill returned to England permanently in 1785. That year he spent the Spring concert season performing in the Pantheon Series and organized competition with Hanover Square Series for which James Cervetto (1747–1837) played. The Pantheon series included numerous performances by the Maras; vocalist Gertrud Elisabeth Mara and her husband violoncellist Johann Baptist Mara (1744–1808). It was through his association with the Maras that Crosdill met Haydn in 1791 and purchased the “Mara” Stradivari in 1802. Crosdill taught many of the next generation of violoncellists, including Robert Lindley (1776–1855).
Marriage.
Social eyebrows were raised when Crosdill married Elizabeth, née Thresher, the wealthy widow of Robert Colebrook, (brother of Sir George Colebrooke), on 31 May 1785 at St. Marylebone Church, London. Elizabeth was many years Crosdill’s senior and her comfortable income from interests in Wiltshire, allowed him to retire from public performance. He did, however, perform two years at the Three Choirs Festival in Gloucester and the coronation of George IV on 19 July 1821. His wife, who died in 1807, bequeathed all her estates to her surviving sisters, with Crosdill's name only mentioned in the probate note. Sources give conflicting information about his death in early October 1825. Most say he died in Escrick, Yorkshire, at the home of a nephew of his friend Beilby Thompson. Others maintain that he died at his house in London.
By his will signed at 45 Berners Street on 30 Aug 1825 and proved at London on 25 October 1825, his son from a subsequent marriage, Lieutenant Colonel John Crosdill of the East India Company, inherited a substantial fortune. Crosdill left bequests of 19 guineas each for remembrance rings to numerous friends including the musicians Benjamin Blake and William Shield, his Berners Street neighbour. Lieut-Col Crosdill presented the Royal Society of Musicians with £1000 in accordance with his father’s will.

</doc>
<doc id="18787511" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18787511" title="Kenneth Brumley">
Kenneth Brumley

Kenneth Brumley (b. ) is one of the heaviest people ever recorded, whose weight was confirmed. He was featured on the Channel 4 "BodyShock" documentary "Half Ton Dad", as a father of four, who weighed almost 1,035 pounds (468 kg).
As a child, Brumley played basketball, baseball and American football which kept his weight average, but after a move to California at age 19, he stopped playing and the weight began to accumulate. At his heaviest, Brumley had a daily caloric intake of approximately 30,000 cal.
According to Kenneth Brumley's statements in the documentary, he had been bed-bound for four years. After he was accepted as a gastric bypass patient at the Renaissance Hospital in Houston, a fire crew had to hammer down a wall in Brumley’s house to get him out.
At Renaissance Hospital, Brumley was treated by the specialist team that treated Renee Williams, believed to have been the world's heaviest woman at the time. The first step in Brumley's treatment was a diet restricted to 1200 calories per day, which made him lose 167.5 pounds (76 kg) in only 40 days.

</doc>
<doc id="18787513" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18787513" title="1991–92 Slovenian Second League">
1991–92 Slovenian Second League

The season started on 25 August 1991 and ended on 14 June 1992.

</doc>
<doc id="18787518" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18787518" title="Muhammad Waqas">
Muhammad Waqas

Muhammad Waqas Sharif (born 3 September 1988 in Sialkot) is a Pakistani field hockey player. He plays as Right Out.
Career.
2008.
Waqas was member of the team for 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing.
2010.
Waqas was a member of the gold medal winning team at the Asian Games in Guanzhou, China.
2012.
Waqas was a member of the gold medal winning team at the 2012 Asian Men's Hockey Champions Trophy in Doha, Qatar. Muhammad Waqas was top scorer in the tournament with 11 goals.
2013.
The fame got to Mo, so he moved his life to Sudbury to work as an engineer.

</doc>
<doc id="18787528" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18787528" title="Thomas Cochran">
Thomas Cochran

Thomas Cochran may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18787535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18787535" title="1982 World Junior Ice Hockey Championships">
1982 World Junior Ice Hockey Championships

The 1982 World Junior Ice Hockey Championships ("1982 WJHC") was the sixth edition World Junior Ice Hockey Championships and was held from December 22, 1981 until January 2, 1982. The tournament was hosted by the United States in various cities across the state of Minnesota with some games also played in the Canadian provinces of Manitoba and Ontario. Canada won their first gold medal at the World Juniors, while Czechoslovakia and Finland won silver and bronze, respectively.
Pool A.
The 1982 tournament was a round-robin format, with the top three teams winning gold, silver and bronze medals respectively.
Final standings.
" was relegated to Pool B for the 1983 World Junior Ice Hockey Championships."
Pool B.
Pool B was played on March 16–20, in Heerenveen in the Netherlands. Two groups of four played round robins, with placement games pitting the respective finishers against each other. Japan made their debut, replacing absent Poland.
Final round.
1st place game.
" was promoted to Pool A for the 1983 World Junior Ice Hockey Championships."

</doc>
<doc id="18787542" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18787542" title="HMS Tilbury (1745)">
HMS Tilbury (1745)

HMS "Tilbury" was a 58-gun fourth rate ship of the line of the Royal Navy, ordered from Portsmouth Dockyard on 17 December 1742 to be built to the dimensions laid down in the 1741 proposals of the 1719 Establishment. She was launched on 20 July 1745.
In 1757 "Tilbury" was under the command of Captain Henry Barnsley, and formed part of Vice Admiral Francis Holburne's expedition to capture Louisbourg. The squadron was dispersed by a storm on 24 September, and "Tilbury" was driven onto the rocks. Captain Barnsley and 120 of his crew were drowned, and the survivors became French prisoners, though they were treated well by their captors.

</doc>
<doc id="18787567" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18787567" title="Chiefs of Joint Staff of the Armed Forces of Bosnia and Herzegovina">
Chiefs of Joint Staff of the Armed Forces of Bosnia and Herzegovina

The Chiefs of Joint Staff of the Armed Forces of Bosnia and Herzegovina are a group of Chiefs that have command over the Armed Forces of Bosnia and Herzegovina.
Role and Responsibility.
After the January 2006 abolition of the Federation and RS armies and the creation of a one army force, the Chiefs of Joint Staff of the Bosnian Armed Forces was created.
Their role and responsibility right now is to implement processes of reform and transformation of Armed Forces of BiH. Activity is in process and it asks new structures, new rules, new way of thinking and adaption.
Current Chiefs of Joint Staff.
Chairman of the Joint Staff and Commander of the Armed Forces - Lt. Gen. Sifet Podžić
Commander of the Operational Command - Gen. Vlado Džoić (retired in 2007, health issues), Maj. Gen. Anto Jeleć
Commander of the Support Command - Maj. Gen. Dragan Vuković

</doc>
<doc id="18787571" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18787571" title="HMS Eagle (1745)">
HMS Eagle (1745)

HMS "Eagle" was a 58-gun fourth rate ship of the line of the Royal Navy, built at Harwich to the dimensions laid down in the 1741 proposals of the 1719 Establishment, and launched on 2 December 1745. She was under the command of George Rodney between 1747 and 1748 during the War of the Austrian Succession. "Eagle" is also notable as being the ship in which James Cook began his career in the Royal Navy, serving from 1755 to 1757 as Able Seaman and master's mate under Captain Joseph Hamar for his first year aboard, and Captain Hugh Palliser thereafter.
"Eagle" was sold out of the navy in 1767.

</doc>
<doc id="18787587" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18787587" title="Bruce Manning">
Bruce Manning

Bruce Manning (July 15, 1902 – August 3, 1965) was a Hollywood filmmaker (primarily a screenwriter) who entered the movie business following the publication of several novels that he co-wrote with wife Gwen Bristow. Their first novel together, 1930's "The Invisible Host", was adapted to the screen in 1934 as "The Ninth Guest". He would write the screenplay for Bristow's novel "Jubilee Trail" in 1954.
In addition to his numerous scripts, beginning in the 40's he served as a producer for several films, and in 1943 he directed his first and only feature, "The Amazing Mrs. Holliday".
Born in New York, he died in Encino, California at the age of 63.

</doc>
<doc id="18787607" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18787607" title="Tavern Guild">
Tavern Guild

The Tavern Guild was an association of gay bar owners and liquor wholesalers that formed in 1962 in San Francisco, California. The Guild formed in response to police harassment of gay bars and gay people that had resulted in the closing of several bars. 
The Guild was the first gay business association in the United States, and lasted until 1995.

</doc>
<doc id="18787652" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18787652" title="Albaugh">
Albaugh

Albaugh is a surname of European origin. It is possibly an anglicized variation of the German surname "Albach". The name refers to:

</doc>
<doc id="18787676" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18787676" title="River Dulas">
River Dulas

The River Dulas (Welsh: "Afon Dulas") is a tributary of the river Teifi and has its source near the village of Llangybi in the county of Ceredigion, Wales.

</doc>
<doc id="18787680" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18787680" title="Harvey Worthington Loomis">
Harvey Worthington Loomis

Harvey Worthington Loomis (February 5, 1865-December 25, 1930) was an American composer. He is remembered today for his associations with the Indianist movement and the Wa-Wan Press.
Loomis was born in Brooklyn, New York, and in his youth won a scholarship of three years' study at the National Conservatory. There he studied with Antonín Dvořák, and quickly became a favored pupil of the Bohemian composer. He gained his greatest fame from the collection "Lyrics of the Red Man", settings of American Indian songs rescored for piano. Loomis also composed works for children; also in his catalog may be found numerous stage works, including comic operas and pantomimes; sonatas for violin and for piano; and incidental music to numerous stage plays. Little of his music has been committed to disc, although some of the "Lyrics" may be found on a recording of Indianist piano music released by Naxos Records on the Marco Polo label.
Loomis died on Christmas Day, 1930.

</doc>
<doc id="18787681" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18787681" title="Georgetown College Historic Buildings (Scott County, Kentucky)">
Georgetown College Historic Buildings (Scott County, Kentucky)

Georgetown College Historic Buildings are a group of historically significant building located on the campus of Georgetown College in Scott County, Kentucky. The structures were added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
Antebellum buildings.
Georgetown College campus has three antebellum buildings: Giddings Hall, Pawling Hall, and Highbaugh Hall.
Giddings Hall.
Recitation Hall, now known as Giddings Hall, is a Greek revival building located on at center of the campus. Giddings Hall was the first permanent structure constructed after the college was formed. 
Currently, the building is used as the main administrative building for the campus. In the past, rooms in the building have been used as a chapel, a library, classrooms, and a theater.
Highbaugh Hall.
The Academy Building, now known as Highbaugh Hall, was second permanent building constructed on campus. 
The literary societies used Highbaugh Hall to host their debates and for their resource library. The building entrances on the east and west have concrete plaques with the names and founding dates of the literary societies.

</doc>
<doc id="18787691" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18787691" title="Colleen Cavanaugh">
Colleen Cavanaugh

Colleen Cavanaugh, Ph.D., is a microbiologist and Edward C. Jeffrey Professor of Biology at Harvard University who has studied hydrothermal vent ecosystems for over 20 years. As a graduate student, Cavanaugh was the first to propose that the giant tube worm, "Riftia pachyptila", obtains its food from bacteria living within its cells. In a process called chemosynthesis, these bacteria use the energy locked within reduced chemicals (e.g., hydrogen sulfide) to synthesize organic matter, allowing organisms such as the giant tube worm to exist on the ocean floor without sunlight.
Early life.
Cavanaugh grew up in Detroit, Michigan and knew as early as second grade that she wanted to be a scientist. "In English class you had to write, in science class you didn't," she has said, "So science became my first choice." She began focusing on biology and ecology by the seventh grade and says "I thought about working on the Great Lakes, and decided to major in biology at the University of Michigan."
Her life direction was changed in her sophomore year when she heard about a course in marine ecology at the oceanographic center in Woods Hole, Massachusetts. Cavanaugh's work there involved wading out into chilly waters to study the mating habits of horseshoe crabs but still she "fell in love" with the relaxed camaraderie and exchange of ideas between biologists, geologists, and scientists from other disciplines.
Through a series of events Cavanaugh ended up stranded in the Greater Boston area looking for a job as waitress but ended up replacing a last minute dropout in a Boston University undergraduate research program and returned to her work with local horseshoe crabs. She met Phillip Gschwend, a Massachusetts Institute of Technology graduate student studying chemical oceanography, and later married him.
After graduating from the University of Michigan in 1977, Cavanaugh moved to Cape Cod to work at the Marine Biological Laboratory at Woods Hole. During the next two years, the focus of her attention shifted from Crustacea to bacteria, "creatures that impressed her for their ability to live anywhere". Ready to pursue her education, Cavanaugh applied to several graduate schools and was accepted at her first choice: Harvard.
Discovery of chemosynthesis.
Shortly after Cavanaugh began her graduate studies, she was attending a lecture by Meredith Jones, curator of worms at the Smithsonian Institution. Jones was discussing the giant tube worm, a creature which had neither a mouth nor a gut, and the challenge was to figure out how such a creature could survive. When Jones mentioned elemental sulfur crystals within the worms gut, Cavanaugh states, "It was at that point that I jumped up and said, 'Well, it's perfectly clear! They must have sulphur-oxidising bacteria inside their bodies'".
Jones apparently told her to sit down but provided Cavanaugh with a specimen captured by a research submarine working on the bottom of the Pacific Ocean. Cavanaugh eventually proved her case and thus the "Harvard Gazette" describes Cavanaugh's pioneering study of these unique creatures:
As a first-year graduate student, she discovered what makes life possible in a hell-on-earth where the sun never shines, temperatures can exceed 250 degrees F, and the ocean exerts pressures of thousands of pounds on every square inch of an animal's body. Giant worms, huge clams and mussels, and strange shrimp thrive in such conditions because of one-celled bacteria who live on and inside them. The bacteria turn sulfur, methane, and other inedibles into organic molecules that their hosts feed on.
Cavanaugh went on to earn a masters degree and a doctorate degree in Biology and to find similar symbiotic partnerships among Solemyidae clams living in shallow eelgrass beds and mudflats along the New England coast and in shrimp near sub-sea springs in the middle of the Atlantic. A 2004 television mini-series hosted by Bill Nye named chemosynthesis as one of the 100 greatest scientific discoveries of all time.
Career.
This research earned Cavanaugh an M.A. in 1981, a Ph.D. in 1985, a Junior Fellowship in the Society of Fellows in 1986-89, an assistant professorship in 1989, and an associate professorship in 1993. Then in 1995, "for these discoveries and her reputation as a teacher and mentor", Cavanaugh was given tenure at Harvard and has continued to build her career on the study of hydrothermal vent ecology.
Cavanaugh believes that life on Earth may have started under similar conditions and says "the idea makes sense because some of the oldest forms of free-living bacteria show signs of being heat-loving organisms." Cavanaugh's work has made the scientific community rethink the "warm chicken soup" theory of life's origins in which the accumulation of organic molecules in shallow waters was a result of lightning electricity.
Cavanaugh's ground-breaking discoveries of the biology of the deep Pacific Ocean were made in a Cambridge, Massachusetts laboratory and she worked on marine life in the laboratory and onboard ships for twelve years before she won a place on the deep-diving submarine "Alvin" and went to the bottom of the Gulf of Mexico off the Florida for the first time in 1992. According to a 1996 magazine article:
Not many people have visited with 6-foot-long, bright red worms on the boiling bottom of the ocean. It sounds like a Jules Verne fantasy, but newly tenured Professor of Biology Colleen Cavanaugh has seen these and other strange creatures on voyages to the bottom of the deep sea.
She later participated in more "Extreme Expeditions" -- such as a dive to a depth of 8,200 feet off the west coast of Mexico -- to collect tube worms and their bacteria, the chemically-rich fluids that flow out of the vents, and mineral samples from the deep sea ocean floor. Cavanaugh, who has been called "a scientific Captain Nemo" is prominent in her field of biology and according to a 2001 "Discover" magazine article about a visit to "a hot crack in the Earth under the Indian Ocean":
Biologists who study the physiology of organisms are under time pressure: They must dissect the organisms before they deteriorate. Colleen Cavanaugh, a microbiologist from Harvard, needs animals that are alive and not starved; once they've been away from their vent too long, even if they've been sitting in a box on the ocean floor, they start to digest the symbiotic bacteria in which she is interested.
Cavanaugh is the discoverer of a new species of deep-dwelling mussel in the Gulf of Mexico that shares its body with symbiotic bacteria that feed on methane. She has also co-authored a research paper (supported in part by the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration's National Undersea Research Program and its West Coast and Polar Regions Center at the University of Alaska, Fairbanks) published in "Nature" about how whale corpses -- and their bones in particular—that drop to the bottom of the ocean play an important role in the ecology there.
Cavanaugh Laboratory.
The Cavanaugh Laboratory at Harvard works on a number of projects related to bacterial symbiosis in marine invertebrates from deep sea hydrothermal vents, methane seeps, and coastal reducing sediments. Researchers there have a special interest in characterizing the metabolic and genetic capabilities of symbionts, their evolutionary relationships with free-living bacteria, and the co-evolution of symbiont and host.

</doc>
<doc id="18787701" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18787701" title="Nemea (disambiguation)">
Nemea (disambiguation)

Nemea may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18787707" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18787707" title="Kōhei Uchimura">
Kōhei Uchimura

Early life and career.
He began gymnastics at age 3, in Nagasaki Prefecture at his parents' sports club; his parents, Kazuhisa and Shuko Uchimura, were both competitive gymnasts. At age 15 he moved to Tokyo where he trained with Athens gold medalist Naoya Tsukahara. His sister Haruhi Uchimura is also a gymnast and is ranked 14th in Japan. Kōhei Uchimura stated of his beliefs, "I don’t believe in God. I never had lucky charms. All I believe in is practice." His first international competition was the 2005 International Junior Competition in Japan, where he competed outside the official competition.
Senior career.
2007.
Uchimura joined Japan's National Team in 2007. He made his senior debut at the 2007 Paris World Cup in March, a major international event. Here he won bronze on vault and placed ninth on floor. In August, he won team gold and 1st on floor and 3rd on vault at 2007 Summer Universiade in Bangkok. At Japan's national championships in October, he placed 7th in the all around. A month later, at the international "Good Luck Beijing" event, he won silver with the Japanese team and placed 7th on floor exercise. 
2008.
Uchimura started the 2008 season by winning gold on floor at the World Cup in Tianjin in May.
Later that summer, he was selected to represent Japan at the 2008 Olympic Games in Beijing as a member of the national team. At the Olympics, he contributed to the team silver by competing on floor, vault, parallel bars, and high bar. He qualified for the all-around final, where he won the silver medal. His 2nd place win behind China's Yang Wei gave Japan its first Olympic medal in the event in 24 years. He obtained the highest mark of that meet on the floor 15.825 (double Arabian piked half out, triple twist dismount) and had a spectacular high bar routine (Kolman, layout Kovacs). He also qualified through to the floor final, where he placed fifth.
At the Japanese national championships that year, 19-year-old Uchimura racked up the highest scores on floor exercise and pommel horse en route to winning his first national all around title. He was the first teenager in 12 years to win the Japanese men's national title.
2009.
In October 2009 Uchimura competed at the 2009 World Championships. Here, he dominated both the qualifications and the all around final. He won the all around title by a margin of 2.575 points ahead of Daniel Keatings, marking top scores for floor, rings, vault, and horizontal bar. Uchimura also placed fourth on floor and sixth on high bar. He appeared on the cover of the December 2009 number of the International Gymnastics Magazine which was entitled "Uchimura rules".
2010.
In October 2010 Uchimura headed to the 2010 World Championships again as a member of the Japanese national team. As in the previous year, he dominated the qualifications and the all around final, winning his second consecutive all around title by a margin of 2.251 points ahead of Philipp Boy. During the all around final he had the highest score of the day on floor and the highest execution mark (9.666) for a Yurchenko 2 twists on vault. He also contributed to Japan's team silver medal by competing the team final on all events except still rings. He qualified for two event finals, winning silver on floor and bronze on parallel bars.
2011.
On October 14, 2011 Uchimura won the all-around final for the 3rd time at the 2011 World Championships in Tokyo, Japan. With a score of 93.631 points, Uchimura won by a margin of 3.101 points, roughly the same margin that separated 2nd and 14th place. Not only is he the first male gymnast to win three all-around titles, but he is also the first gymnast - male or female - to win three consecutive all-around titles. During the all around final, Uchimura recorded the highest score on four of the six events - floor exercise, still rings, parallel bars, and pommel horse (he tied for the highest score on pommel horse). Uchimura also qualified for five of the six individual apparatus finals (all except vault). He won his first world championship event gold medal on floor exercise as well as a bronze medal on high bar and the silver medal with the Japanese team.
At the 2011 Worlds, Uchimura also won the Longines Prize for Elegance along with Romania's Ana Porgras. The prize is given at each world championships to the male and female gymnasts who demonstrate "the most remarkable elegance". Unanimously declared the winners by a panel of judges, Uchimura and Porgras were each awarded a trophy, Longines watch, and $5000USD. Uchimura was especially pleased to win this award, since he collects watches.
In November 2011, Uchimura won 4 gold medals at the 65th Japanese Championships. Besides the all-around title, he also picked up titles on half of the apparatuses: floor exercise, pommel horse, and high bar.
2012.
Uchimura competed in the London 2012 Olympics and had a rocky performance in the Qualifications with several falls, eventually not even placing him in the group of the top qualifiers for the all-around. In the men's team gymnastics final, Uchimura fell from the pommel horse during his dismount. The Japanese coaches appealed the scoring on this performance as he still landed on his feet and felt it should have counted as a full dismount, albeit with a large penalty. Before the appeal, Britain were to get silver and Ukraine bronze, but the appeal pushed Japan's points total up to get the silver and pushing Britain down to bronze. In the men's all around final, Uchimura dominated the competition and won the gold medal with a score of 92.690. He also won the silver medal in the men's floor routine with a score of 15.8.
2013.
During qualifications, Uchimura dominated garnering an all-around total of 91.924 (which was 2.392 points ahead of the closest competitor). He qualified for the Floor Exercise finals in third place with a 15.333, 7th for the Parallel Bars final with 15.400 and first in the Horizontal Bar final with a 15.658. He qualified as a reserve for the Pommel Horse final with a 15.133.
Uchimura won a record fourth consecutive all-round world championship at Antwerp. Uchimura finished with 91.990 points, almost two points ahead of the next nearest competitor. Uchimura also won a bronze medal for the floor exercise(15.500), gold for parallel bars(15.666), and bronze for horizontal bar(15.633). The total of 4 individual medals is the highest number of medals Uchimura has earned from a single World Championship.
Commercial Endorsements.
Uchimura was part of Toyota's 2012 ReBorn ad campaign featuring characters from the anime franchise Doraemon. He was written as the older version of Dekisugi.

</doc>
<doc id="18787710" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18787710" title="Habesha kemis">
Habesha kemis

The habesha kemis (ሐበሻ habesha, "Ethiopian" ቀሚሽ kemis, "tunic, dress" /k'emiʃɨ/) is the traditional attire of Ethiopian women.
The ankle length dress is usually worn by Ethiopian women at formal events. It is made of chiffon, and typically comes in white, grey or beige shades. Many women also wrap a shawl called a "netela" around the formal dress.
In North America and Europe, this dress has been retailed as "Ethiopian coffee dress", an allusion to the traditional Ethiopian coffee ceremony.

</doc>
<doc id="18787717" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18787717" title="Eastern Illinois Panthers football">
Eastern Illinois Panthers football

The Eastern Illinois Panthers football program is the intercollegiate American football team for the Eastern Illinois University located in the U.S. state of Illinois. The team competes in the NCAA Division I Football Championship Subdivision (FCS) and are members of the Ohio Valley Conference. The school's first football team was fielded in 1895. The team plays its home games at the 10,000 seat O'Brien Stadium.
Mid-America Classic.
The Mid-America Classic is the rivalry game between the Illinois State and Eastern Illinois. The rivalry began in 1901 and is the oldest in the state of Illinois. The two teams have played 100 times in total, with Illinois State holding a 51-40-9 advantage in the all-time series. With the 100th game in the series on the horizon, representatives from both schools met in the spring and developed the Mid-America Classic renaming for the rivalry. The two schools also collaborated on a traveling trophy, which holds plaques with the results of the previous 100 games in the series and has room for results of future games in the series.
Notable former players.
Notable alumni include:
Championships.
National championships.
Eastern Illinois has made two appearances in the NCAA Division II National Championship Game. The Panthers defeated Delaware 10-9, in 1978, and later lost to Cal Poly, 21-13, in 1980.

</doc>
<doc id="18787723" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18787723" title="1939 Soviet First League">
1939 Soviet First League

League Standings.
FC Zenit Leningrad was merged with FC Stalinets Leningrad into FC Zenit Leningrad playing in the Soviet Top League.

</doc>
<doc id="18787726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18787726" title="R TV Network">
R TV Network

Reminiscent TV Network or (R TV) in short was an attempt to bring the TV subscription idea to Asian programming on the Sky Digital platform. The idea was to provide channels which would launch free to air initially, then once an audience had been gained, some of the channels would go pay TV. Six channels were launched eventually in year 2000 to 2001.
These two channels were proposed initially but never launched.
The Reminiscent TV network got into financial trouble long before the level of subscriptions made viable, and all the channels were pulled off air over a period of few weeks in early 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="18787737" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18787737" title="Grambling State Tigers football">
Grambling State Tigers football

The Grambling State Tigers are the college football team representing the Grambling State University. The Tigers play in NCAA Division I Football Championship Subdivision (FCS) as a member of the Southwestern Athletic Conference.
Alumni in the NFL.
Over 100 Grambling State alumni have played in the NFL, including:
See also.
Bayou Classic

</doc>
<doc id="18787741" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18787741" title="Bad Aibling Station">
Bad Aibling Station

The Bad Aibling Station (abbreviated BAS, also known as Field station 81, which had an official designation as the 18th United States Army Security Agency Field Station, or as the pseudonym Hortensie III) is a satellite tracking station operated by the German intelligence agency Bundesnachrichtendienst (BND) in Bad Aibling, Bavaria. 
Created by the Western Allies in 1947, it was run by the U.S. National Security Agency (NSA) until the early 2000s, when operations were gradually transferred to the BND due to public outrage over U.S. surveillance operations in Germany. 
As part of the global surveillance network ECHELON, Bad Aibling is the largest listening post outside Britain and the USA. 
History.
In 1936 a military airfield was established by the German National Socialist government on the site of a sport airfield in Bad Aibling-Mietraching. After the Second World War, troops of the United States Army seized the military airport ("Fliegerhorst" and flight training base) that had evolved from the airfield. Initially, it was used by the occupying Americans as a camp for prisoners of war, a displaced persons camp, and as an orphanage under supervision of the UNRRA. Günter Grass and Joseph Ratzinger, later Pope Benedict XVI, are alleged to have met there as prisoners.
In 1952, the area was taken over by the US Army. During the Cold War it was converted by the United States Army Security Agency ("ASA") to a communications monitoring station for American intelligence.
In 1971 the National Security Agency (NSA) and the United States Department of Defense took over command from the U.S. Army. Simultaneously, the Army Security Agency transferred most of its activities in West Germany from its field stations located at Rothwesten, Bad Aibling and Herzogenaurach to Augsburg.
In 1994, the NSA transferred command of its Bad Aibling base to INSCOM, one of the Central Security Services of USA.
After the end of the Cold War, on several occasions including investigations of the European Parliament that censured industrial espionage by American secret services, the Americans intended to close the Bad Aibling Station. The September 11, 2001 attacks delayed these plans.
The restructuring of the American intelligence community after the September 11, 2001 caused the closure of Bad Aibling Station on September 30, 2004. The base was returned to the Federal Republic of Germany.
In the vicinity in Bad Aibling, a base of the Bundesnachrichtendienst has always been in existence within the area of former barracks of the Bundeswehr.
Significance for secret services.
The Bad Aibling Station was an important monitoring station of the ECHELON System (RSOC, Regional SIGINT Operation Center) that employed up to 1000 staff members. Its task was acquisition of information for American authorities and other closely allied intelligence services, e.g. from the United Kingdom. The López affair that was cleared up by telephone surveillance in the BAS gained worldwide audience.
According to official statements, the function of BAS was "Rapid Radio Relay and Secure Common, Support to DoD and Unified Commands, Medium and Longhand Common HF & Satellite, Communication Physics Research, Test and Evaluate Common Equipment"
Only few details are known. Serious hints, however, support the assumption that the BAS supervised numerous communication channels, including wireless communication, telephony and internet traffic. Particularly the communication with satellites, also outside the Intelsat system, seems to have been monitored by the BAS.

</doc>
<doc id="18787742" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18787742" title="Our Lady's College, Hong Kong">
Our Lady's College, Hong Kong

Our Lady's College (聖母書院), founded in 1953, is an aided girls school affiliated with the Daughters of Help of Christians. OLC is currently located at 3 Lung Fung Street in Kowloon, Hong Kong. It uses English as the medium of instruction.
Facilities.
There are 30 classrooms, 17 special rooms, a chapel, an assembly hall which can accommodate all staff and students, 2 playgrounds and a spacious basement.
Students' Association.
The aims of the SA are to enhance communication between the school and the students, promote the interface of the students and strengthen the sense of unity among students. Moreover, students are encouraged to participate actively in extra-curricular activities and community service.Committee members include representatives of all levels.
School Press.
School Press has come to its 22nd year. Each year, it publishes 3 issues of Our Ladian. By the effort of its members, it provides schoolmates with interesting news about the school and the world around us.

</doc>
<doc id="18787743" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18787743" title="Naked Ape">
Naked Ape

Naked Ape may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18787752" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18787752" title="Baurusuchidae">
Baurusuchidae

Baurusuchidae is a Gondwanan family of mesoeucrocodylians that lived during the Late Cretaceous. It is a group of terrestrial hypercarnivorous crocodilians from South America (Argentina and Brazil) and possibly Pakistan. Baurusuchidae has been defined as a clade containing the most recent common ancestor of "Baurusuchus" and "Stratiotosuchus" and all of its descendants. It may, however, be polyphyletic, as recent phylogenetic analyses have placed "Baurusuchus" within Notosuchia and other baurusuchids within the more distantly related clade Sebecia. A recent study of the family finds it monophyletic by including the South American genera "Baurusuchus", "Cynodontosuchus", "Pissarrachampsa", "Stratiotosuchus", and "Wargosuchus". Other traditional baurusuchids like "Pabwehshi" are excluded. The recently named "Campinasuchus" is also included in the family. Baurusuchids have been placed in the suborder Baurusuchia, and two subfamilies have been proposed: Baurusuchinae and Pissarrachampsinae.
Genera.
Several genera have been assigned to Baurusuchidae. "Baurusuchus" was the first, being the namesake of the family. Remains of "Baurusuchus" have been found from the Late Cretaceous Bauru Group of Brazil in deposits that are Turonian - Santonian in age. In addition to "Baurusuchus", five other South American crocodyliforms have been assigned to Baurusuchidae: "Campinasuchus", "Cynodontosuchus", "Pissarrachampsa", "Stratiotosuchus", and "Wargosuchus". "Cynodontosuchus" was the first known baurusuchid, named in 1896 by English paleontologist Arthur Smith Woodward, although it was only recently assigned to Baurusuchidae. "Wargosuchus" was described in 2008. "Cynodontosuchus" and "Wargosuchus" are known only from fragmentary remains. Both genera are from the Santonian of Argentina.
A fourth genus, "Stratiotosuchus", was assigned to Baurusuchidae in 2001. Fossils have been found from the Turonian - Santonian of Brazil. "Pabwehshi" is the youngest genus that has been assigned to Baurusuchidae, and is from the Maastrichtian of Pakistan. It was named in 2001 but has since been reassigned as a basal member of Sebecia.
A new genus, "Campinasuchus", was assigned to the family in May, 2011. It is known from the Turonian-Santonian Adamantina Formation of the Bauru Basin of Brazil. Soon after, the new genus "Pissarrachampsa" was named from the Campanian–Maastrichtian Vale do Rio do Peixe Formation, also in the Bauru Basin.
Phylogeny.
The family Baurusuchidae was named by Brazilian paleontologist Llewellyn Ivor Price in 1945 to include "Baurusuchus". In 1946, American paleontologist Edwin Harris Colbert erected the group Sebecosuchia, which united Baurusuchidae with the family Sebecidae (represented by the genus "Sebecus"). Both "Baurusuchus" and "Sebecus" have deep snouts and ziphodont dentitions (teeth that are serrated and laterally compressed). Other forms were later found that had a close appearance to these two genera, among them "Cynodontosuchus", "Stratiotosuchus", and "Wargosuchus". Several features were used to unite these groups: a deep snout, a ziphodont dentition, a curved tooth row, an enlarged canine-like dentary tooth that fits into a deep notch in the upper jaw, and a groove on the lower jaw.
Many phylogenetic analyses within the past decades have supported a close relationship between the two families. Baurusuchids and sebecosuchids are both early members of the clade Metasuchia, which includes the subgroups Notosuchia (mainly terrestrial crocodyliforms) and Neosuchia (larger, often semiaquatic crocodyliforms, including living crocodylians). Sebecosuchians, which include both baurusuchids and sebecosuchids, were found to be closely related to notosuchians in several studies. The new genera "Iberosuchus" and "Eremosuchus" were later assigned to Baurusuchidae, and phylogenetic analyses encompassing these taxa continued to find Baurusuchidae to be closely related to Sebecidae. Both families were allied with notosuchians in the larger group Ziphosuchia, composed of ziphodont crocodyliforms. More recently, sebecosuchians - including baurusuchids - have been placed within Notosuchia as derived members of the clade. Below is a modified cladogram from Ortega "et al." (2000) placing baurusuchids within Notosuchia:
In 2004, the superfamily Baurusuchoidea was established to include baurusuchids and sebecids. Phylogenetically, Baurusuchoidea was defined as the most recent common ancestor of "Baurusuchus" and "Sebecus" and all of its descendants while Baurusuchidae was defined as the most recent common ancestor of "Baurusuchus" and "Stratiotosuchus" and all of its descendants.
In a 2005 analysis, Sebecidae was found to be a paraphyletic grouping, or a grouping that includes some descendants of a common ancestor but not all. Sebecids formed an assemblage of basal sebecosuchians, while baurusuchids remained a valid grouping of derived sebecosuchians. Below is a modified cladogram from Turner and Calvo (2005):
Later studies noted many features that distinguished baurusuchids from sebecosuchids. Sebecosuchids were often considered to be more closely related to Neosuchia, a group that includes modern crocodylians, while baurusuchids were thought to be a more distantly related clade. In a 1999 phylogenetic analysis, "Baurusuchus" formed a clade with notosuchians to the exclusion of other ziphosuchians. This placement has been upheld by recent analyses, which place "Baurusuchus" within Notosuchia.
In 2007, a new clade called Sebecia was erected. Sebecia included sebecids and peirosaurids. Peirosauridae, a family of small terrestrial crocodyliforms, had often been placed in or near Neosuchia in previous studies. The assignment of sebecids to Sebecia placed the family closer to Neosuchia than Notosuchia. In this study, baurusuchids were split up, with "Baurusuchus" placed as a more basal metasuchian and the remaining baurusuchids ("Bretesuchus" and "Pabwehshi") placed as sebecians. Therefore, the family Baurusuchidae was paraphyletic. Below is a modified cladogram from Larsson and Sues (2007): 
More recent studies have nested "Baurusuchus" deep within Notosuchia, just as the larger group Sebecosuchia once was, while the remaining sebecosuchian genera have been placed more distantly in Metasuchia. A new baurusuchid called "Pissarrachampsa" was named in 2011, and a comprehensive phylogenetic analysis of baurusuchids was conducted along with its description. Montefeltro "et al." (2011) found Baurusuchidae to be a monophyletic group with the genera "Baurusuchus", "Cynodontosuchus", "Pissarrachampsa", "Stratiotosuchus", and "Wargosuchus". They adopted the name Baurusuchia in a phylogenetic sense to distinguish baurusuchids from related crocodyliforms. Baurusuchia was first erected as an infraorder in 1968, but in the 2011 analysis it was found to be in an identical position to Baurusuchidae in the final tree. The only difference between Baurusuchidae and Baurusuchia is that the former is a node-based taxon and the latter is a stem-based taxon. Baurusuchidae is defined as the least inclusive clade containing "Baurusuchus", "Cynodontosuchus", "Pissarrachampsa", "Stratiotosuchus", and "Wargosuchus". As in all node-based clades, there is a most recent common ancestor; these genera are all of its known descendants. Baurusuchia is defined as "Baurusuchus pricei" and all Crocodyliformes that share a more recent common ancestor with "B. pricei" than with "Notosuchus terrestris", "Mariliasuchus amarali", "Armadillosuchus arrudai", "Araripesuchus gomesi", "Sebecus icaeorhinus", "Bretesuchus bonapartei", "Peirosaurus torminni", or "Crocodylus niloticus".
In contrast to the node-based Baurusuchidae, the stem-based Baurusuchia does not include a common ancestor and all its descendants, but rather all forms more closely related to a specific baurusuchid than a non-baurusuchid. As a stem-based taxon, Baurusuchia is more inclusive than Baurusuchidae; a new taxon could potentially be placed outside Baurusuchidae because it is not a descendant of the most recent common ancestor of baurusuchids, but would still be a baurusuchian because it is more closely related to baurusuchids than it is to other crocodyliforms. For now, however, Baurusuchidae and Baurusuchia are essentially identical in scope.
Montefeltro "et al." (2011) also divided Baurusuchidae into two subfamilies, Pissarrachampsinae and Baurusuchinae. Pissarrachampsinae includes "Pissarrachampsa" and "Wargosuchus" while Baurusuchinae includes "Stratiotosuchus" and "Baurusuchus". "Cynodontosuchus" is not a member of either of these subfamilies, but the most basal baurusuchid. Many of the unique features that separate "Cynodontosuchus" may also be associated with a juvenile individual. The material that "Cynodontosuchus" is based on has been suggested to be a juvenile form of "Baurusuchus", and the two taxa may be synonymous.
Below is a cladogram from Montefeltro "et al." (2011):
A sixth genus of baurusuchid, "Campinasuchus", was named just a few months before "Pissarrachampsa", and was not included in the analysis.
Paleobiology.
In 2011, fossilized eggs were described from the Late Cretaceous Adamantina Formation of Brazil that may have been laid by a baurusuchid, most probably "Baurusuchus". A new oospecies called "Bauruoolithus fragilis" was named on the basis of these remains. The eggs are about twice as long as they are wide and have blunt ends. At about a quarter of a millimeter in thickness, the shells are relatively thin. Some eggs may have already hatched by the time they were buried, but none show extensive degradation. In living crocodilians (the closest living relatives of baurusuchids), eggs undergo extrinsic degradation to allow hatchlings to easily break through their shells. The fossils indicate that baurusuchid hatchlings probably broke through thin egg shells rather than shells that had been degraded over their incubation period.

</doc>
<doc id="18787755" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18787755" title="Archaia Nemea">
Archaia Nemea

Archaia Nemea (, "Ancient Nemea", before 1958: Κουτσομόδι - "Koutsomodi", or also Ηράκλειον - "Irakleion") is a village in Greece named after the nearby ruins of the ancient town of Nemea. The old name of this place was Koutsoumadhi and Iraklion. As of the 2001 census, it has 695 inhabitants.

</doc>
<doc id="18787774" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18787774" title="Simon Neale">
Simon Neale

Simon Neale (born 20 January 1977), better known by his stage names Shadow Child and Dave Spoon, is a radio DJ and dance music producer. He's also part of the duo Avec alongside Doorly. He was part of the line-up on BBC Radio 1's 'In New DJs We Trust' feature, which runs Thursday night/Friday morning 2am to 4am. The DJ has become notable for his hits, "Bad Girl (At Night)" with Lisa Maffia and "Baditude" with Sam Obernik. His first release as Shadow Child was on Dirtybird Records in March 2012 and he's since formed his own record label Food Music alongside Lewis of Kry Wolf. Simon has a show on RinseFM 9-11pm every Wednesday evening as Shadow Child.
Biography.
Simon Neale grew up listening to a mixture of synth-pop and early 90's house & rave, and attended a secondary school that had an undiscovered TB-303 and Juno 60 in the music room cupboard.
Using his Dave Spoon alias, he's established himself on the UK dance scene. He signed "21st Century" to Toolroom Records in 2004. The piano-led "Sunrise EP" followed and was signed to Seamus Haji's Big Love imprint.
In 2006, Spoon released "At Night". With an added vocal in 2007 from Lisa Maffia, the track crossed over as "Bad Girl (At Night)" on Universal, earning Spoon his first top 40 hit, with the second coming in 2008 in the form of "Baditude" with collaborators Sam Obernik & Paul Harris from Dirty Vegas.
He followed this with DJ compilations for Ministry Of Sound & Toolroom, remixes of songs by artists like Dizzee Rascal and The Pet Shop Boys, plus updates of classics such as Gat Décor's "Passion", having landed a residency on Radio 1's 'In New DJs We Trust' in 2008 and a residency for Cream in Ibiza.
His 2008 single "Baditude" entered the UK Singles Chart at #34 on downloads alone on 10 August. The following week, the song climbed to #29. He has launched his own label "Televizion", where he released the Pete Tong collaboration "Gas Face", which was used as title music for the Hammer Horror film "Beyond the Rave".
"Friday" featuring Takura managed to enter the UK Singles Chart at number 193 after support from the likes of MistaJam on BBC Radio 1Xtra.

</doc>
<doc id="18787775" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18787775" title="Into the Hoods">
Into the Hoods

Into the Hoods -- "An Urban Fairy Tale" is a hip hop/musical created by London-based hip hop dance troupe 
ZooNation. The basic premise of the show is a hip hop take on the wonderful Stephen Sondheim musical Into the Woods. The plot follows two children as they get lost in the hood and try and retrieve an iPod, a weave, a pair of trainers, and a hoodie, in exchange for a way home. On their travels they meet a variety of characters, each with his or her own story.
The show features a wide display of dance, but has almost nonstop hip hoop dancing. "Into the Hoods" takes place at the Novello Theatre in London and features music from the likes of the Gorillaz, Massive Attack, Basement Jaxxx, Run-DMC and many more famous hip hop artists.
Into the Hoods has a large cast of break and hip hop dancers including "Britain's Got Talent" 2008 winner George Sampson, Got to Dance winner Akai Osei and Mr Gee, the resident poet on Russell Brand's BBC Radio 2 show.

</doc>
<doc id="18787779" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18787779" title="Fernando Balzaretti">
Fernando Balzaretti

Fernando Balzaretti (June 10, 1946 – September 5, 1998) was a Mexican actor.
External links.
Mexican Novela
Canaveral de Pasiones... Padre Cuco 1996

</doc>
<doc id="18787788" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18787788" title="70 Squadron">
70 Squadron

70 Squadron or 70th Squadron may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18787808" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18787808" title="1991 ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships">
1991 ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships

The 1991 ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships were held in Paris, France.
The men's competition consisted of eight Canadian (single paddle, open boat) and nine kayak events. Five events were held for the women, all in kayak. This was the first championship with a unified German team for the first time since 1938 following separate East German and West German teams that competed from 1950 to 1990.
This was the 24th championships in canoe sprint.

</doc>
<doc id="18787824" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18787824" title="Boudreaux">
Boudreaux

Boudreaux is a surname of French origin and is a common name among Cajuns. The name refers to:

</doc>
<doc id="18787828" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18787828" title="List of U.S. states by life expectancy">
List of U.S. states by life expectancy

This article presents a list of United States states sorted by their life expectancy at birth and by race/ethnicity in every state where the population of that racial or ethnic group is sufficiently large for robust estimates. The data were taken from the Measure of America's third national human development report, The Measure of America 2013–2014 [http://www.measureofamerica.org/wp-content/uploads/2013/07/MOA-III-June-18-FINAL.pdf].
Rankings.
Source: Measure of America calculations using mortality data from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, National Center for Health Statistics 2009, and population data from the CDC WONDER database.
Note: Life expectancy values have been rounded to one decimal place. As a result, the values appear to be tied in several instances but the rankings reflect the original calculations, not the rounded values. In cases where there is no life expectancy estimate, the population of that group is too small to enable reliable estimates.

</doc>
<doc id="18787832" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18787832" title="Sidneys Knob">
Sidneys Knob

Sidneys Knob is unique in that is an atypical mountain for Pennsylvania. Most of the mountains in the Commonwealth are long linear ridges or flatted topped plateau mountains. Sidneys Knob is conical in shape and besides Gillespie Point in the northern part of Pennsylvania, the only one of its kind. This "knob" is the cultimation of Cove Mountain and Scrub Ridge.
The mountain is seen on postcards, mainly viewed from the Pennsylvania Turnpike, as vehicles exit out of the Tuscarora Mountain Tunnel. Sometimes referred to as "Pyramid Point" or on early postcards as Henry's Knob, this landmark is one of the most noted on the turnpike.

</doc>
<doc id="18787836" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18787836" title="Nemea (town)">
Nemea (town)

Nemea () is a town in Corinthia, Greece, and the seat of municipality with the same name (Δήμος Νεμέας). It is located a few kilometres west of ancient Nemea, with a population of under four thousand people.
Economy.
Its primary industry is agriculture and it is the hub for several small villages circling it, including Koutsi, Petri, and Leriza. Nemea is famous for its many wines grown on the plains that surround it. It is also home to DK Distributors, one of the largest distribution companies in Eastern Europe.
Wine Region.
Located next to the new town of Nemea, appx. 30 kilometers from Corinth, the appellation of Nemea is the most important red wine AOC of southern Greece and arguably of all of Greece. In Nemea, the indigenous Greek Agiorgitiko grape is used and produces wines famous for their deep red color, complex aroma and long, velvety palate.

</doc>
<doc id="18787875" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18787875" title="Bob Schacht">
Bob Schacht

Bob Schacht (born January 24, 1950) is a former racecar driver from Lombard, Illinois. He competed in 26 NASCAR events between 1981 and 1997 in the Winston Cup, Busch Series, and Craftsman Truck Series. He had no Top 10 finishes in NASCAR; he is best known for his ARCA career. After his retirement as a driver in ARCA following the 2000 season, he continued to field his #75 car for other drivers.

</doc>
<doc id="18787877" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18787877" title="Sphagesauridae">
Sphagesauridae

Sphagesauridae is a Gondwanan family of mesoeucrocodylians that lived during the Late Cretaceous. It was a clade of terrestrial crocodilians that evolved very mammal-like teeth and jaws. Both "Sphagesaurus" and "Adamantinasuchus" are known from the Turonian to Santonian of Brazil.

</doc>
<doc id="18787888" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18787888" title="Gorna Malina">
Gorna Malina

Gorna Malina (, pronounced ) is a village in western Bulgaria, part of Sofia Province. It is the administrative centre of Gorna Malina municipality, which lies in the central eastern part of Sofia Province, 20-30 kilometres east of Sofia. The village is located between the western Balkan Mountains to the north and the Sredna Gora range to the south.
Municipality.
Gorna Malina municipality covers an area of 336 square kilometres and includes the following 14 places:
Honour.
Malina Cove on Low Island in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica is named after Gorna Malina.

</doc>
<doc id="18787890" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18787890" title="Isaac Gause">
Isaac Gause

Isaac Gause (December 9, 1843 – April 23, 1920) was a corporal in Union Army during the American Civil War and a recipient of the highest military decoration for valor in combat—the Medal of Honor—for having distinguished himself near Berryville, Virginia, on September 13, 1864.
Medal of Honor citation.
Citation:

</doc>
<doc id="18787902" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18787902" title="Wesley Johnson (basketball)">
Wesley Johnson (basketball)

Wesley JaMarr Johnson (born July 11, 1987) is an American professional basketball swingman with the Los Angeles Lakers of the National Basketball Association (NBA). He played college basketball at Syracuse and Iowa State. He was selected with the fourth pick of the first round in the 2010 NBA draft by the Minnesota Timberwolves.
High school.
In high school he averaged 15.2 points, 9.7 rebounds and 4.3 blocks as a senior at Corsicana High School. He was a first-team all-district pick in 2004 and 2005. He also played for the Dallas Mustangs AAU team.
College career.
2006–07.
As a freshman at Iowa State, Johnson was named to the Big 12 all-Rookie team and earned honorable mention freshman All-America honors after averaging 12.3 points and 7.9 rebounds, starting 30 of 31 games. Johnson's highlights from his freshman year included 14 points and 13 rebounds in win against Missouri, including the game-winner on a tip-in with 1.6 seconds left. He also scored 17 points at No. 10 Texas A&M.
2007–08.
Johnson missed five games and played with an injured ankle throughout the majority of the season. He still was named an honorable mention all-Big 12 selection after averaging 12.4 points and 4.0 rebounds per game. Johnson scored 20 points behind a 5-of-11 effort from 3-point range against eventual NCAA Champion Kansas.
2008–09.
Johnson made the decision to transfer following the 2008 season, and selected Syracuse. Per NCAA transfer rules, he had to sit out the 2008–09 season, leaving him with two years of college eligibility.
2009–10.
Johnson became a starter for the Orange in his first year with the team. In November 2009 he was named MVP of the 2K Coaches Classic after scoring 25 points in a Syracuse victory over the No. 6 North Carolina. Johnson would score 17 points and grab 10 rebounds as Syracuse knocked off then-No. 10 Florida on December 10, 2009. In his first game of Big East play, Johnson scored 20 points and grabbed a career high 19 rebounds as Syracuse defeated Seton Hall 80–73 on December 29, 2009. Johnson was named Big East Player of the Year on March 9, 2010, finishing with season averages of 16.0 points and 8.4 rebounds. On March 29, 2010, Johnson was named a First Team AP All American.
On April 12, 2010, Johnson declared himself eligible for the NBA draft, forgoing his final year of college eligibility. He signed with sports agent Rob Pelinka.
NBA career.
Minnesota Timberwolves (2010–2012).
Wesley Johnson was drafted by the Minnesota Timberwolves with the 4th pick in the 2010 NBA Draft. On March 18, 2011, Johnson scored a career-high 29 points on 11-for-21 shooting in a loss against the Los Angeles Lakers.
Phoenix Suns (2012–2013).
On July 27, 2012, Johnson was traded to the Phoenix Suns in a three-team deal. In his first game with the Suns, Johnson scored a three-pointer in a close victory against the Detroit Pistons. Johnson would not gain significant playing time with the Suns until Lindsey Hunter took over as head coach for the team. On February 26, 2013, Johnson recorded 14 points, along with 9 rebounds, 3 assists, and 2 steals in an 84-83 victory against his former team, the Minnesota Timberwolves. A day later, Johnson made a game-tying three-pointer from a long pass by Jermaine O'Neal that helped the Suns win 105-101 in overtime against the San Antonio Spurs. On March 1, 2013, Johnson scored a season high 15 points and added six rebounds and two steals in a 92-87 victory against the Atlanta Hawks.
Los Angeles Lakers (2013–present).
On July 15, 2013, Johnson signed with the Los Angeles Lakers.

</doc>
