<doc id="18682666" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18682666" title="Benjamin C. Cromwell">
Benjamin C. Cromwell

The Benjamin C. Cromwell was a transport schooner built from June 30, 1883,
to October 31, 1890 by Andrew J. York in South Portland, Maine. York sailed as master of three sailing ships, the "Mattie B. Russell" from June 21, 1873, to March 20, 1876; of the "Edward Waite" from 1876 to 1883; and of the schooner "Benjamin C. Cromwell".
The "Benjamin C. Cromwell" was moored either prepared to or had already taken on the lumber and naval stores before it met its end. On August 1, 1899, the 2nd hurricane of the season struck St. George Island and the Apalachee Bay area causing massive damage to some 15 ships moored at Dog Island, Florida. The "Benjamin Cromwell" was, like the others, was hopelessly beached.

</doc>
<doc id="18682706" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18682706" title="No. 198 Squadron RAF">
No. 198 Squadron RAF

No. 198 Squadron was a Royal Air Force aircraft squadron that operated during the Second World War particularly in the ground attack role as the allies advanced through continental Europe.
History.
No. 198 Squadron was formed at Rochford on 1 June 1917 with Avro 504K biplanes to teach pilots elementary night flying and later a comprehensive night flying course for home defence pilot. It disbanded at Rochford in September 1919.
The squadron reformed at Digby as a fighter squadron equipped with the Hawker Typhoon on 8 December 1942. From March 1943 198 Squadron joined 609 Squadron at Manston where it provided fighter-escorts to the twin-engined Westland Whirlwind fighter bomber on sorties into continental Europe. Over the next nine months 198 Squadron and 609 Squadron were the only Typhoon units to operate full-time on escort duties for RAF and USAAF bombers and long-range fighter sweeps (code-named "Ramrods") over France, Belgium and Holland; during these operations the squadron used long-range Typhoons each equipped with a cigar-shaped 45 gallon fuel tank mounted below each wing. In these roles the unit was very successful, becoming one of the top scoring Typhoon units. 
During this time most of the other Typhoon units began to be equipped with bomb racks or rocket rails and had started training to carry out ground attack operations in preparation for the cross-channel invasion. 
After building up a score of enemy aircraft destroyed the squadron changed role to ground attack at the beginning of 1944, when the Typhoons were fitted with RP-3 rockets. In January 1944 the squadron became part of the Second Tactical Air Force's "123 Airfield" (later known as 123 Wing), partnered with 609 Squadron. Initially 123 Airfield was commanded by New Zealander Wing Commander Desmond J. Scott. 
The squadron lost several of its pilots during this re-organisation to bring them into line with 2nd TAF's established strength requirements, and the ground crew echelon was completely changed. Morale slumped for a short while, but soon picked up as the squadron became familiarised with its new role. In March 1944 Scott was replaced by Wg Cdr R. E. P Brooker and 123 Wing moved to an "Armament Practice Camp" (APC) at Llanbedr in Wales before moving in April to RAF Thorney Island in preparation for D-Day. After the landings the squadron was heavily involved in fighting around Caen using the rocket equipped Typhoons against tanks and enemy positions. In July it moved to France and followed the advancing troops into the Netherlands and eventually moving to Wunstorf in Germany in May 1945. On 15 September 1945 the squadron was disbanded.(it is now an aircadets squadron 198 Hinkley squadron)
The RAF's top scoring Typhoon pilot was 198 Squadron's John Robert Baldwin, who claimed 15 aircraft shot down during 1942–44. Baldwin became C/O of the squadron in November 1943 and relinquished command in April 1944. He continued his association with 198 Squadron and ended the war as a Group Captain commanding 84 (Typhoon) Group.

</doc>
<doc id="18682711" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18682711" title="Shadow (Final Fantasy)">
Shadow (Final Fantasy)

, also known as , is a player character in the role-playing video game "Final Fantasy VI" released by Square in 1994. Shadow is a mysterious and cynical assassin and mercenary, always accompanied by his faithful attack dog, ; during the course of the game, he joins the player's party. Both Shadow and his dog were very well received, and he has been often regarded as one of the best ninja characters in video games.
Appearances.
During the first half of the game, Shadow operates "only" on a freelance basis, at times available to the player for a fee and at times appearing in the employ of the Gestahlian Empire. In two instances within the World of Balance, Shadow is forced into the player's party – Crescent Island and the Floating Continent. Shadow's fate is determined entirely by player action on the latter area; should the player have too little time remaining attempting to escape the Continent's destruction, Shadow is presumed to have perished during the collapse of the world. However, if the player has enough time to wait before leaping to the airship, Shadow will eventually accompany the party aboard the Blackjack and be available for permanent recruitment in the World of Ruin.
In the second half of the game, Shadow is found injured within the Cave on the Veldt and is returned to Strago's home in Thamasa to heal. Later on, he may be acquired by betting an item he seeks at the Dragon's Neck Coliseum and winning the ensuing match. Whenever Shadow is placed in the party, his backstory is revealed through dreams and nightmare sequences by using a Tent or resting at an Inn. Shadow's actual name is Clyde and he once lived a life of crime with his partner, Baram ("Billy" in the Japanese version). The pair are infamous in the pre-war period before the game begins as a duo of train robbers known as the Shadow Bandits, but Baram eventually suffers mortal wounds during a failed railway heist. Baram tasks Clyde to finish him off, but Clyde instead panics, fleeing his friend. An indeterminate span of time passes, seeing Clyde collapse from exhaustion upon reaching Thamasa, found by a young woman and her dog. It is heavily implied (and was actually confirmed in a 1995 interview with the game’s developers) that Clyde fathers Relm with this woman, eventually departing Thamasa under the guise of Shadow to escape his guilt over abandoning Baram.
Gameplay-wise, Shadow avoids engaging in close combat, instead opting to throw ninja weapons at distance. His special ability "Throw" enables him to throw unequipped weapons that may inflict extremely heavy damage on an enemy. Being a Ninja class character, Shadow has high speed and strength but low defense and average magic statistics. His weapons are various daggers and he can also use specialized throwing weapons to attack multiple enemies. If an enemy hits him with a physical attack, there is a chance that Interceptor will block it, absorbing all or most damage. Interceptor's counterattacks ("Wild Fang" and "Takedown") can inflict powerful non-elemental damage on non-floating enemies.
At the game's conclusion, Shadow remains within the crumbling ruin of Kefka's tower, quietly separating from the party and encouraging Interceptor to flee with the others. His final words are directed to Baram: "It looks like I can finally stop running... Come and find me all right?" (Japanese version: "I don't need to flee anymore. Embrace me warmly.") Interceptor is later seen with Relm in Strago's section of the ending. In "Final Fantasy VI Advance" it is implied that Shadow remained behind in Kefka's tower as it collapsed, allowing himself to die.
Shadow also appears in the 1995 Nintendo 64-based technical demo "Final Fantasy VI: The Interactive CG Game", where he was one of the three featured "FFVI" characters. He makes a cameo appearance in the 2008 action-RPG / fighting game hybrid "Dissidia Final Fantasy" as a tutor from the in-game manuals, appearing with Interceptor.
Reception.
Despite appearing in only one major role, the character was well received and has not been forgotten even many years later. As such, Shadow was featured in numerous top lists of the best ninja characters in video gaming, including by The Armchair Empire in 2006, Japanator.com in 2007, and Wild Gunmen in 2010. He was ranked as the fourth greatest video game ninja by Devin Coldewey of CrunchGear in 2008, and as sixth on a similar list by Machinima.com in 2011, while Mikel Reparaz of GamesRadar has mentioned him as one of "few standout examples" of ninja characters in video games in 2008. He was also included among the "manliest men" of the "Final Fantasy" series by Christina Winterburn of Destructoid in 2007, and was ranked as the tenth swiftest ninja in video games by Rich Knight of "Complex" in 2012, as well as the eight best assassin in video games by Britanny Vincent from the same magazine in 2013.
In addition, his dog, Interceptor, won the Nintendo Power Awards '94 at first place in the category Best Goodie ("the most popular good guy that isn't quite the main hero of the games"). In 2013, "Complex" ranked Interceptor as the sixth top canine in video games.

</doc>
<doc id="18682727" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18682727" title="Caleb Porter">
Caleb Porter

Caleb Porter is an American soccer coach who is currently the head coach of the Portland Timbers of Major League Soccer. He was previously head coach of the United States U-23 team, and the University of Akron men's team from 2006 to 2012. 
A former midfielder, he played college soccer for Indiana University before his short professional career in Major League Soccer and the United Soccer League was ended by persistent knee injuries.
Player.
Porter attended Indiana University where he played on the men’s soccer team from 1994 to 1997. He graduated in 1997 with a Bachelor's degree in sports management. In February 1998, the San Jose Clash selected Porter with the 3rd round (27th overall) in the 1998 MLS College Draft. He did not join the Clash until 1999 but his tenure there was short - he made just four appearances and, in his one start, was ejected in the 32nd minute. Following that performance, the Clash sent him on loan to the Sacramento Geckos of the A-League before waiving him in June. He quickly returned to MLS after being signed by the Tampa Bay Mutiny in July. He suffered from several knee injuries and had arthroscopic surgery on both knees during the off season before retiring on June 30, 2000. In 1997, Porter was a member of the U.S. soccer team which took the bronze medal at the 1997 World University Games.
Coach.
In 2000, Porter returned to Indiana University as an assistant soccer coach. After Ken Lolla left the University of Akron in December 2005, the Zips hired Porter as head soccer coach. After taking the Zips to two consecutive Mid-American Conference titles, and being named the 2007 MAC Coach of the Year, Porter signed a two year contract extension in June 2008.
Following Akron's near-perfect season of 2009, Porter was rumored to be in talks with Major League Soccer club D.C. United about their vacant head coaching position. However, the University of Akron and Porter agreed on terms of a new contract, keeping him in Akron for the next five years.
Under Porter, the 2010 Akron squad captured the NCAA Men's Division I Soccer Championship, defeating the Louisville Cardinals 1-0.
Porter was named the head coach of the U.S. Under-23 Men’s National Team on October 20, 2011 while retaining his duties as coach of the Akron Zips. His first task was attempting to guide the U-23 team to a successful qualifying run in March 2012 for the 2012 Olympic Games in London; however, following a 2-0 loss to Canada and a 3-3 draw with El Salvador, the Americans were eliminated.
On August 29, 2012, it was announced that he would become the head coach of MLS club Portland Timbers after the conclusion of the 2012 NCAA season.
Porter was named the MLS Coach of the Year, after a rookie season that saw the Timbers compile a 14-5-15 season record (57 points), and finish first in the Western Conference. 

</doc>
<doc id="18682736" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18682736" title="Fyke Farmer">
Fyke Farmer

Fyke Farmer (November 25, 1901 - May 23, 1997), was a Tennessee lawyer who worked on the behalf of Julius and Ethel Rosenberg.
Biography.
He was born on November 25, 1901 in Tennessee. He married Fanny Richards Leake, daughter of Charles Richards Leake. They had a daughter, Dorothy Leake Farmer.
Farmer argued that the Rosenbergs were tried under the wrong law, claiming that the Atomic Energy Act, under which a sentence of death can be imposed only upon recommendation of a jury, should have been applied rather than the Espionage Act of 1917, which leaves that power exclusively to the discretion of the court. On the basis of Farmer's arguments, a temporary stay was granted to the Rosenbergs by Justice William O. Douglas on 17 June 1953. The United States Supreme Court vacated Douglas's stay by a vote of 6-3. The Rosenbergs were executed on 19 June 1953. In 1990, Farmer filed "United States ex rel. Farmer v. Kaufman" against Irving R. Kaufman, the judge who presided over the Rosenbergs' trial. His papers are archived at the Library of Congress.

</doc>
<doc id="18682739" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18682739" title="Artistas Reunidos">
Artistas Reunidos

The Artistas Reunidos was a project created in 1997 by the solo artists Jair Oliveira, Wilson Simoninha, Luciana Mello, Max de Castro, Pedro Mariano, and Daniel Carlomagno. It lasted until 1998, when they recorded the album "Projeto Artistas Reunidos" in São Paulo, Brazil. For a little more than a year, these "artists united" shared the stage with many important Brazilian musicians such as Jair Rodrigues, Djavan, Ed Motta, Sandra de Sá, Vicente Barreto, and many others. The project ended and the 6 artists who started the project each followed their own career and are now popular as solo artists in "Música Popular Brasileira", a term meaning "Brazilian Popular Music".

</doc>
<doc id="18682755" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18682755" title="Night Walker">
Night Walker

Night Walker is a spy novel by Donald Hamilton.
Plot summary.
Navy Lt. David Young hitches a ride with a friendly stranger and wakes up in a hospital bed with a new name and a pretty young wife.

</doc>
<doc id="18682764" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18682764" title="Stalevo">
Stalevo

Stalevo is an anti-parkinsonian dopaminergic combination medication that contains carbidopa, levodopa, and entacapone for the treatment of Parkinson's disease. It is marketed by Swiss-based Novartis Pharmaceuticals and manufactured by Finnish drugmaker Orion Corporation.
Indications.
Stalevo was approved by the FDA in June 2003 to treat adult patients with idiopathic Parkinson’s disease in two scenarios. First, to substitute with equivalent strength of each of the three components for immediate-release carbidopa/levodopa and entacapone previously administered as individual products. Second, to replace immediate-release carbidopa/levodopa therapy (without entacapone) when patients experience the signs and symptoms of end-of-dose "wearing-off" but only for patients taking a total daily dose of levodopa of 600 mg or less and not experiencing dyskinesias.
Dosing forms.
Stalevo is supplied as tablets in six strengths:
Dosing.
Adult dosing.
Parkinson's disease, idiopathic.
Maximum 1 tablet per dose, 8 tablets per day (all but the highest strength tablets), 6 tablets per day (Stalevo 200). Tablets are not to be cut, crushed, or chewed.
Renal dosing.
Not defined. In severe impairment caution is advised.
Hepatic dosing.
Not defined. In severe impairment caution is advised.
Pediatric dosing.
Pediatric dosing is currently unavailable and/or not applicable.
Mechanism of action.
Levodopa is the immediate precursor to dopamine. Entacapone is a selective, reversible catechol-O-methyltransferase (COMT) inhibitor that increases the bioavailability of levodopa. Entacapone does not cross the blood–brain barrier. Carbidopa is a peripheral aromatic L-amino acid decarboxylase (AADC) inhibitor. Carbidopa, which also does not cross the blood–brain barrier, is combined with levodopa to prevent its conversion to dopamine in the periphery.
Side effects.
It is important to take Stalevo at regular intervals according to the schedule outlined by a doctor. Sometimes a wearing off effect may occur at the end of the dosing interval, where a patient may feel Parkinson's symptoms. Urine, saliva, or sweat may be discolored (dark color such as red, brown, or black) after taking Stalevo.
Drug interactions.
Stalevo is contraindicated in patients taking a class of antidepressant drugs known as non-selective monoamine oxidase (MAO) inhibitors such as phenelzine and tranylcypromine. Combining Stalevo with these drugs could cause serious—possibly life-threatening—side effects. MAO inhibitors should be stopped at least two weeks before starting therapy with Stalevo.
Stalevo may be combined with the drugs rasagiline or selegiline. These drugs are a different type of MAO inhibitor known as selective MAO inhibitors that are often prescribed for Parkinson's disease. Many drug interactions involving selegiline are theoretical, primarily based on interactions with non-selective MAO inhibitors; at oral doses the risk of these interactions may be very low. However, transdermal selegiline, known by its trade name Emsam, is still contraindicated. Transdermal selegiline results in higher plasma levels at which it behaves like a non-selective MAO inhibitor. Concominant use of entacapone, a component of Stalevo, with MAO inhibitors may increase toxicity of MAO inhibitors. Levodopa, also a component of Stalevo, in combination with MAO inhibitors may result in hypertensive reactions.
Studies.
The supporting literature provided with Stalevo notes several studies undertaken to determine the various properties and clinical effectiveness of carbidopa, levodopa, and entacapone in non-combination form. Two studies, STRIDE-PD and FIRST-STEP, have been undertaken specifically to evaluate Stalevo.
STRIDE-PD.
STRIDE-PD (Stalevo Reduction in Dyskinesia Evaluation), is the first long-term clinical trial evaluating Stalevo in Parkinson's disease. It sought to demonstrate a delay in the onset of motor complications such as dyskinesias in patients taking Stalevo compared to those taking a traditional levodopa/carbidopa medication. The study is an international, multi-center, randomized, double-blind, parallel group, active-controlled study. The study was conducted between September 2004 and November 2008 in 77 centers and 14 countries, including 31 sites in the United States, Canada and the following European countries: Austria, Belgium, France, Finland, Germany, Greece, Italy, Spain, Sweden, Turkey, Switzerland, United Kingdom. A total of 745 patients enrolled in the trial and 541 completed treatment. Of the patients who completed treatment, 265 patients received Stalevo and 276 received carbidopa/levodopa. Treatment lasted between 2.6 years and 4 years (mean duration: 2.7 years). The average age of patients in the trial was approximately 60 years. The majority of subjects were Caucasian (95.2%) and male (62.7%). The study was aimed to provide support for extending the current EU indication to early Parkinson's disease.
In February 2009, the result of the primary endpoint measured in STRIDE-PD demonstrated that Stalevo does not delay the onset of involuntary movements, dyskinesia. Therefore the primary objective of STRIDE-PD study was not achieved.
Prostate cancer data.
A total of 467 men received randomized treatment in the trial. Among those who received treatment, there was a higher number of cases of prostate cancer in patients in the Stalevo group compared those in the carbidopa/levodopa group. Specifically, 9 out of 245 males (3.7%, 95% Confidence Interval: 1.69% - 6.86%) had prostate cancer in the Stalevo group compared to the 2 out of 222 males (0.9%) in the carbidopa/levodopa group. The incidence rate of prostate cancer was 14 cases/1,000 patient years for Stalevo and 3.2 cases/1,000 patient years for carbidopa/levodopa. The odds ratio for the occurrence of prostate cancer in males taking Stalevo was 4.19 (95% Confidence Interval: 0.90– 19.63). Duration of therapy prior to diagnosis of prostate cancer in the Stalevo-treated group ranged from 148 days to 949 days (mean: 664 days).
Previous clinical trials with Stalevo did not find an increased risk for prostate cancer. Most of these trials evaluating this drug were conducted for less than a year, whereas STRIDE-PD was conducted over a 4-year period, with a mean duration of exposure of 2.7 years.
FIRST-STEP.
The FIRST-STEP (Favorability of Immediate-Release carbidopa/levodopa vs STalevo; Short-Term comparison in Early Parkinson's) study was a double-blind, randomized, parallel group, fixed-dose, clinical trial that included 423 patients with early Parkinson's disease in eight countries. It was sponsored by Novartis and conducted in the USA, Canada and six other countries between 2005 and 2007. The patients were randomized to receive three daily doses of either Stalevo or levodopa/carbidopa, each containing 100 mg of the active drug, levodopa. Each patient received treatment for 9 months. The primary end-point of the study was the change from baseline in combined UPDRS (Unified Parkinson's Disease Rating Scale) part II and III scores measuring activities of daily living and motor function in patients with PD. The treatment difference was statistically significant (p<0.05) in favour of Stalevo. The conclusion was that Stalevo provides better symptomatic benefit than standard levodopa/carbidopa treatment in early Parkinson's Disease.
Safety.
Prostate cancer.
On March 31, 2010, the United States Food and Drug Administration stated it is evaluating long-term clinical data from STRIDE-PD which found that a greater number of patients taking Stalevo had prostate cancer compared to those taking carbidopa/levodopa. Other controlled clinical trials evaluating Stalevo or Comtan (entacapone) did not find an increased risk of prostate cancer. FDA is still reviewing the available information and has not concluded that Stalevo increases the risk of developing prostate cancer. Healthcare professionals were advised to be aware of this possible risk and follow current guidelines for prostate cancer screening. FDA recommended that healthcare professionals follow the recommendations in the drug label when prescribing Stalevo and Comtan. Patients were directed to not stop taking their medication unless directed to do so by their healthcare professional.
Cardiovascular risks.
On August 20, 2010, the United States Food and Drug Administration stated meta-analysis of several studies "appeared to show an increase in the risk of heart attack, stroke, and cardiovascular death for people taking the drug" but also stated "findings were not clear." Heart problems are not uncommon in Parkinson's patients and the FDA will investigate the concerns.

</doc>
<doc id="18682768" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18682768" title="Sewell Chan">
Sewell Chan

Sewell Chan is an American journalist. He has worked for "The New York Times" since 2004. In February 2011 he was named deputy opinion page editor of the Times. He was previously a Washington correspondent covering economic policy. From 2007 to 2009, he was the founding bureau chief of City Room, the newspaper's local news blog. 
Chan is a member of the National Advisory Board of the Poynter Institute and has been honored with a Rosalynn Carter Fellowship for Mental Health Journalism.
Biography.
Chan, the son of immigrants from China and Hong Kong, grew up in Flushing, Queens and attended New York City public schools and Hunter College High School. His father was a taxi cab driver. He graduated from Harvard College in 1998 and won a Marshall Scholarship for graduate study at Oxford University. 
From 2000 to 2004, Chan wrote for "The Washington Post", where he covered municipal politics, poverty and social services, and education. He was the author of a four-part investigative series about the treatment of juvenile delinquents in the District of Columbia, and won praise from the Society for American Archivists for his investigation into conditions at the District of Columbia Archives. He also covered the conflict in Iraq for the Post's Baghdad bureau.
After moving to "The New York Times" in 2004, Chan developed a reputation as a prolific reporter. He reported on the aftermath of Hurricane Katrina, the 2005 transit strike, and the 2008 papal visit of Benedict XVI.

</doc>
<doc id="18682770" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18682770" title="Li Xiaomei">
Li Xiaomei

Li Xiaomei (born 1987-08-20 in Dongguan, Guangdong) is a female Chinese freestyle wrestler. She competed at the 2008 Summer Olympics.
Her personal best was coming 3rd at the 2007 World Championships.

</doc>
<doc id="18682776" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18682776" title="Taylors Avenue">
Taylors Avenue

Taylors Avenue is a football stadium in Carrickfergus, County Antrim, Northern Ireland. It is the home stadium of local football team Carrick Rangers F.C.. Taylors Avenue has a capacity of 6,000. There are two covered stands, with the rest of the ground made up of open terracing. The number of seats is either 400 750 or 800, depending on source.<

</doc>
<doc id="18682777" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18682777" title="Bavarian Film Awards">
Bavarian Film Awards

The Bavarian Film Awards (Bayerischer Filmpreis) have been awarded annually since 1979 by the State Government of Bavaria in Germany for “exceptional achievement in German filmmaking.” Along with the German Film Awards, these are the most highly regarded awards for filmmaking achievement in Germany.
The Bavarian Film Awards Gala takes place in mid-January at the Cuvilliés Theatre in Munich to honour films released in the previous year, and is one of the most glamorous highlights in the German film calendar. These awards are endowed with a cash disbursement totaling €400,000. The largest endowment, at €200,000, is given with the award for Best Producing, for "the single most exceptional German film that leaves the greatest overall impression." The other awards are each given with endowments of €10,000-25,000. Award winners are also given a porcelain statuette of the Commedia dell'arte character Pierrot, designed by Franz Anton Bustelli and manufactured in the Nymphenburg Porcelain Manufactory in Munich.
Categories.
The award winners are chosen by a state-appointed jury in the following categories: 
The Prime Minister of Bavaria is also able to grant an Honorary Award. - (Winners)

</doc>
<doc id="18682783" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18682783" title="Motozintla">
Motozintla

Motozintla (Motozintla de Mendoza) is a city and one of the 119 municipalities of Chiapas, in southern Mexico. 
Motozintla occupies part of Mexico's border with Guatemala and is adjacent to the municipalities of Siltepec (to the north), Escuintla and Huixtla (to the west), Tuzantán and Tapachula (to the south), and Mazapa de Madero and El Porvenir (to the northeast). It covers an area of 782.5 km².
As of 2005, the municipality had a total population of 59,875, with 17,613 in the municipal seat. 

</doc>
<doc id="18682795" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18682795" title="Xu Li">
Xu Li

Xu Li (; born December 17, 1989 in Suzhou, Anhui) is a female Chinese freestyle wrestler who competed at the 2008 Summer Olympics and received the silver medal in the 55 kg weight class.
She also placed first at the 2007 Women's Wrestling World Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="18682838" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18682838" title="Xu Haiyan">
Xu Haiyan

Xu Haiyan (born 1984-11-24 in Zoucheng, Shandong) is a female Chinese freestyle wrestler who competed in the 2008 Summer Olympics.
Her personal best was coming 1st at the 2002 Asian Games - 63 kg freestyle.

</doc>
<doc id="18682845" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18682845" title="Mpindi clan (Buganda)">
Mpindi clan (Buganda)

Mpindi is one the 56 clans of the Buganda Kingdom, one of the largest nations of Uganda. The Mpindi chief is Mazige, whose headquarters are located in Muyenje in Busiro County in Uganda. The Mpindi clan has the "mpindi," a Luganda word for cowpea ("Vigna unguiculalta"), as its totem.
Origin.
According to legend, Mbogga, the founder of the clan, came with Ssekabaka (King) Kintu to establish the kingdom of Buganda along the north western shores of Lake Nalubaale (Victoria) during the 15th century. Traditionally, Mbogga's job in the palace was to look after the king's cow, "Mbulidde", a role that is now performed by the clan in the kingdom. The Mpindi Clan currently is divided into two units; one belongs to Mbogga with its headquarters on Nsumba Hill in Mawokota (current Mpigi District) and the other belongs to Mugalu in Kyaggwe (current Mukono District).
Mpindi Clan drum-Beat (Omubala Gw'ekika kye Mpindi).
The Mpindi clan has two drumbeats "mibala"

</doc>
<doc id="18682849" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18682849" title="Eric &amp; Us">
Eric &amp; Us

Eric & Us is a 1974 memoir by Jacintha Buddicom recalling her childhood friendship with Eric Blair, the real name of author George Orwell. Buddicom first met Blair when he was eleven and he became very close to her family. Their friendship lasted until Blair became a policeman in Burma and the two lost touch. Blair and Buddicom never saw one another again and did not get in touch until 1949, shortly before Orwell's death from tuberculosis.
Buddicom's memoir, as well as recalling her relationship with Orwell, shows her disappointment in some of the views he took — for instance, she condemned his decision to fight in the Spanish Civil War as interfering in the affairs of another country. She also portrayed him as reserved but happy, in contrast to the bleak picture Orwell presents of his childhood in "Such, Such Were the Joys".
Buddicom's cousin, Dione Venables, added a postscript to the memoir in 2006, suggesting that the real reason for the ending of Blair and Buddicom's friendship was the possibility that Blair, in an attempt to further their relationship, may have tried to rape Buddicom.

</doc>
<doc id="18682850" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18682850" title="Daniel Bukantz">
Daniel Bukantz

Daniel B. Bukantz (December 4, 1917 – July 26, 2008) was an American Olympic fencing competitor and referee and also a dentist. 
He won the national singles championship in the foil in 1949, 1952, 1953 and 1957. He competed in the foil in Olympic games four consecutive times beginning in 1948, and was part of nine national championship teams for the Fencers Club of New York. He won the gold medal in the foil at the 1950 Maccabiah Games in Israel. He also competed in epee at times. [http://select.nytimes.com/gst/abstract.html?res=FA0E15FA3D5F177B93C6A9178FD85F4D8485F9&scp=9&sq=Daniel%20Bukantz&st=cse] He was a head referee at the 1984 Los Angeles Games. He is a member of the United States Fencing Hall of Fame in Shreveport.
He operated a dental practice in Manhattan for about 40 years.
He attended City College of New York and then entered dental school at New York University. He was commissioned a captain in the Army Dental Corps during World War II. He served in the 87th Infantry Division during the Battle of the Bulge.
He was married to Alice Ellenbogen Bukantz. His son Jeff Bukantz was captain of the 2004 and 2008 United States Olympic fencing teams.

</doc>
<doc id="18682860" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18682860" title="Scaled Composites Catbird">
Scaled Composites Catbird

__NOTOC__
The Model 81 Catbird is a high-efficiency five-seat single-engine all-composite general aviation aircraft designed by Burt Rutan. It is unusual in that it incorporates both a small forward wing and a small conventional horizontal stabilizer on the tail.
The Catbird was designed by Burt Rutan while his company, Scaled Composites, was owned by Beechcraft. The design was intended to replace the long-produced Bonanza. The financial situation of Beech at the time, and competing projects, prevented consideration of commercial production. In 1988 Beechcraft sold Scaled Composites to the partnership of Rutan and the Wyman-Gordon Company, who also acquired the rights to a number of the designs, including Model 81 Catbird. The aircraft won the CAFE Foundation's 1988 California CAFE 400 race flown by Mike Melvill, in which aircraft compete for performance efficiency, as measured by fuel consumption, speed and payload. Piloted by Dick Rutan, it subsequently won the 1993 CAFE Challenge with a record score and a speed of , fuel consumption of 20.15 mpg (US miles and gallons) and a payload of .
History.
Catbird set two world records which still stand. The first was in Fédération Aéronautique Internationale (FAI) class C-1b (land planes with takeoff weight of between 500 and 1000 kg) speed over a closed circuit of 2 000 km without payload. For this record, set at Mojave piloted by Dick Rutan, a speed of was achieved. The second record was set in class C-1c (aircraft between 1000 and 1750 kg takeoff weight), over the same course but piloted by Mike Melvill, at a speed of .
The aircraft was stored inverted from the ceiling of Scaled Composites' Mojave hangar until April 2011. The aircraft was restored to flying condition by Zach Reeder, Jim Reed and Mike Melvill. Catbird's second first flight was July 7, 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="18682869" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18682869" title="Association des Girl Guides Luxembourgoises">
Association des Girl Guides Luxembourgoises

The Association des Girl Guides Luxembourgoises (AGGL, "Association of Luxembourgish Girl Guides") is a Guiding association in Luxembourg. The association was founded in 1916 under the name "Les Guides de Luxembourg". The interreligious and coeducational association serves about 220 members.
The AGGL was among the founder members of the World Association of Girl Guides and Girl Scouts (WAGGGS) in 1928. In 1960, the membership was transferred to the Bureau de Liaison des Associations Guides du Luxembourg, formed by the AGGL and the "Lëtzebuerger Guiden" (since 1994 Lëtzebuerger Guiden a Scouten).
Program.
The association is divided in three sections according to age:

</doc>
<doc id="18682872" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18682872" title="Wang Jiao">
Wang Jiao

Wang Jiao (, b. January 20, 1988, Shenyang, Liaoning) is a female Chinese freestyle wrestler. She competed at the 2008 Summer Olympics.
She was a late replacement for Xu Wang at the 2008 Beijing Olympics. She went on to win the gold medal.

</doc>
<doc id="18682880" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18682880" title="32nd Brigade">
32nd Brigade

32nd Brigade or 32nd Infantry Brigade may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18682889" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18682889" title="Union of Swiss Short Wave Amateurs">
Union of Swiss Short Wave Amateurs

The Union of Swiss Short Wave Amateurs (in German, Union Schweizerischer Kurzwellen-Amateure, in Italian, Unione Radioamatori di Onde Corte Svizzeri, in French Union des Amateurs Suisses d'Ondes Courtes) is a national non-profit organization for amateur radio enthusiasts in Switzerland. The organization uses the German language acronym USKA. USKA is incorporated under Article 60 of the Swiss Civil Code and lists as its missions representing the interests of the amateur radio operators of Switzerland before national and international regulatory agencies, advancing the scientific art of radio, supporting emergency communications, and sponsoring contests. USKA is the national member society representing Switzerland in the International Amateur Radio Union.
Publications.
The USKA has published a membership journal since 1932. From 1932 to 2007, the magazine was called "old man". From 2008, the magazine has been published as "HB Radio".

</doc>
<doc id="18682925" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18682925" title="Ministry of Pacific Island Affairs (New Zealand)">
Ministry of Pacific Island Affairs (New Zealand)

The Ministry of Pacific Island Affairs seeks to promote the status of Pacific Island people in New Zealand. It does this by keeping informed of the issues, then advocating for Pacific Islanders to other public sector agencies. 

</doc>
<doc id="18682950" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18682950" title="List of CHUM number-one singles of 1958">
List of CHUM number-one singles of 1958

This is a list of the "CHUM Chart" number-ones of 1958.

</doc>
<doc id="18682973" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18682973" title="Paris Mountain State Park">
Paris Mountain State Park

Paris Mountain State Park is located five miles (8 km) north of Greenville, South Carolina. Activities available in the park include hiking, biking, swimming and picnicking. The Lake Placid offers swimming and fishing. Canoes, kayaks, and pedal boats are seasonally available for rental; private boats are not permitted. Camping is allowed and campsites range from rustic, back country sites to paved sites with water and electricity hook-ups. The park's Civilian Conservation Corps (CCC) structures, including the Camp Buckhorn lodge, are listed on the National Register of Historic Places. Primitive cabins may be rented for meetings, sleeping, and cooking.
History.
Cherokee Indians once dwelled on Paris Mountain, before European men began to colonize North America. The first white man settled in what is now known as Greenville County in 1765. He was an Irishman from Virginia named Richard Pearis. He married a Cherokee woman and became close to the Cherokee tribe. The Indians continually gave Pearis land until his property extended . Richard Pearis is the source of the name “Paris” Mountain. In 1775, a letter from the superintendent of Indian affairs, Jonathan Stuart was written to the Cherokee Indians chastening the Indians for selling their lands to white men. In one part of the letter, Stuart writes, "You are constantly listening to Richard Pearis, who cheats you of your lands." Some of the land which Richard Pearis possessed contained the mountain known today as Paris Mountain. Therefore, the name "Paris" is a construed form of "Pearis". A legend surrounding the mountain speaks of the first white men to visit the mountain. The chief of the indwelling Cherokee tribe tried to protect the mountain, and when he grew old, he passed on the responsibility to his daughter and her husband. The husband failed in this task and sold the mountain; in anger, the daughter of the chief killed her husband.
One of the earliest uses of the mountain by the city of Greenville was as a source of water between 1890 and 1916. Numerous lakes and dams in the park were built in 1890 by the Greenville City Water System as part of the reservoir. In 1928 Table Rock Reservoir was put into service, and the use of Paris Mountain as a water supply declined.
The mountain also had other uses. In the 1890s, a popular resort resided on Paris Mountain named Altamont Hotel. However, the resort failed and was sold to N. J. Holmes, who in turn, founded a Bible institute on the site. The institute was first known as Altamont Bible and Missionary Institute and later as Holmes Bible College. The college opened its doors in 1898. The institute was later sold to another citizen, and the building later suffered a fire in 1920. 
The state park on Paris Mountain was built in the 1930s by the Depression-era Civilian Conservation Corps (CCC). Sixteen other parks in the state of South Carolina were also created due to the work of the CCC. The land for the park was acquired in 1935 from the city of Greenville.
The nearby liberal arts college, Furman University, founded in 1826, is located near the foot of the mountain for which the park is named.
Geography.
Paris Mountain lies in the Piedmont region of the United States. The mountain is a monadnock, a mountain that stands alone in an area. The word "monadnock" comes from Mount Monadnock in New Hampshire. The elevation of Paris Mountain exceeds . The Piedmont region where Paris Mountain is located is a raised plateau. The Piedmont, which means "foot of the mountain", covers a third of South Carolina and contains several other monadnocks in addition to Paris Mountain.
Flora and fauna.
Paris Mountain State Park is home to around 73 different types of flora. The majority of the plant life on Paris Mountain is similar to plant life found on mountains farther north. Virginia Pine populates the highest elevations of the mountain. While the plant life resembles that of the mountains to the north, there are exceptions. Holly is evident on many parts of the mountain, even though the plant is not native to the region. Another plant covering the mountain in the springtime is arbutus. A special type of honeysuckle is also found on the mountain. This unusual honeysuckle was first discovered by Governor John Drayton. Rosebay rhododendron also grows on banks along the park's rivers. 
The animal life on Paris Mountain consists mostly of possums, foxes, and snakes. Bass, bream, and catfish also populate the different park lakes. There are over 20 different species of birds inhabiting the mountain. 
Mica, graphite and iron ore deposits have all been found on Paris Mountain.
Recreation.
Paris Mountain State Park is a center of activity for the city of Greenville. The park is host to nine trails for hikers and mountain bikers alike. George Hincapie, a Tour de France participant, lives in Greenville and is known to train in the park. Features to the trails include blazes, foot bridges, and trail signs. Paris Mountain State Park is home to several campsites. Camp Buckhorn is a well known campsite located on Buckhorn Lake at the north end of the park. 
The 15-acre Lake Placid located in Paris Mountain State Park is the park's main spot for boating and fishing. Mountain lake, a larger lake located in the park, is closed to boaters and reserved for fishermen. The lake is home to crappie, bream, and catfish. There is also an archery range and picnicking; an office at the park has maps and information about facilities.
Camp Buckhorn was built by the CCC in 1936-1937 as a place for lodging and camping. It has a lodge, a staff cabin, and several cabins for campers and accommodates 42 people. As of 2011, the main lodge is undergoing renovations funded by Paris Mountain Friends, the state government, and local establishments.
The Paris Mountain Downhill Mountain Bike Race is part of the South Carolina Gravity Championships and acts as a qualifier to the USA Cycling Mountain Bike Gravity National Championships. The 2012 national championships will take place at Beech Mountain, North Carolina. Limited to 99 riders, the course runs from Sulphur Springs trail around the top of the mountain to the park's archery range.

</doc>
<doc id="18682996" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18682996" title="Harry H. Wickwire">
Harry H. Wickwire

Harry Hamm Wickwire (June 21, 1868 – 1922) was a lawyer and political figure in Nova Scotia, Canada. He represented Kings County in the Nova Scotia House of Assembly from 1894 to 1922 as a Liberal member.
He was born in Canning, Nova Scotia, the son of J. L. Wickwire and a descendant of United Empire Loyalists, and was educated at Acadia College and Dalhousie College. In 1895, he married Sarah J. Lovitt. Wickwire served as Crown Attorney for Kings County.

</doc>
<doc id="18683031" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18683031" title="Battle of Port Lyautey">
Battle of Port Lyautey

The Battle of Port Lyautey began on 8 November 1942 for the city of Port Lyautey, today known as Kenitra, in French Morocco. The battle ended with the United States seizure of the port.
Objectives.
The attack was a part of the objectives of the Western task force as part of Operation Torch, a large Allied landing to seize control of North Africa from German control. Within the task force, Sub Task Force Goalpost was tasked with the objective of securing Port Lyautey. There were three objectives to the attack:
Command structure.
The operation was under the command of U.S. General Dwight D. Eisenhower, and the western task force was under the command of General George S. Patton. Sub Task Force Goalpost was under the command of General Lucian Truscott.
Prelude.
Planning.
Prior to the landings in French Morocco, and after the fall of France in World War II, the U.S. State Department had maintained in French North Africa an unusually large number of very able consular officials. This group was under the leadership of Mr. Robert Murphey, later General Eisenhower's political adviser. From these sources and from the military attache in Tangiers, the U.S. Army obtained much detailed information concerning conditions in Morocco and were placed in contact with loyal Frenchmen who opposed the Vichy regime and were not friendly toward Axis forces.
One Englishman and one Frenchman were smuggled into London, Karl Victor Clopet and René Malvergne. Clopet had an intimate knowledge of the ports, beaches and coast defenses along the entire coast as a result of living in Casablanca for over 12 years and with tight connections to salvage operations there. Malvergne was familiar with every turn and bar in the Sebou river channel, knew all of the shipping which was engaged in the coastal trade, and provided important information concerning pro-Nazi political sentiment which was stronger in the Port Lyautey area than in any other section of Morocco.
Preparation for battle.
Outline plans were drawn up in London for the assault on Port Lyautey by Gen. Truscott and his staff. Capturing and stocking the airfield at Port Lyautey was the primary mission. Infantry and armored combat teams were at Fort Bragg in North Carolina. This would primarily be the 9th Infantry Division, 60th Infantry Regiment "Go Devils".
Personnel and Vehicles Assigned to Force "Z" (Goalpost), as of 22 October 1942:
It was realized early on that there were not sufficient berths in the port of embarkation to permit all of the Western Task Force to load and embark simultaneously. One Sub Task Force would have to load early, a full week before setting sail. The 60th Regiment and the 1st Battalion Combat Team of the 66th Armored Regiment were well organized and all were as well trained as could have been expected, to include some amphibious training. A commanders conference was held on 14 October in Washington D.C. with Gen. Patton. It was noted that a counter sign for the attack had not been developed yet for identification purposes during operations. Someone suggested the words "George Patton" which met with unanimous approval. The challenger would call "George"; the challenged, if a friend, would answer "Patton". On the night of 15 October, troops and equipment were embarked. Some last minute loading was done on 16 October, and at 13:40 on that day, the sub task force sailed for Solomon's Island in Chesapeake Bay, where they had their rehearsal training.
On the beaches at Solomon's Island, tests of naval gunfire or air support were not allowable, but tests of communications and procedures would be the primary focus. On 17 October, all rehearsal training seemed to be going according to plan. Transports were riding at anchor with landing craft swarming in the water about them. However, at some point, Colonel Demas T. Craw reported from one of the ships that the ship's captain had refused to hang any nets or lower any craft, giving the reason that his crew was not sufficiently trained to go on the expedition. After Gen. Truscott visited with the ship's captain for a while, and informing him that the inadequate state of training and preparation was known, his refusal would have no effect on the overall operation. The captain relented, and training on that ship began. The next day, their voyage to North Africa began.
During the military preparations, another question arose from Naval commanders, how would supplies be carried up the Sebou River to the Port Lyautey airfield? Where was a ship big enough to carry these supplies, and go through a river that might be at most deep? The SS "Contessa" was the Navy's pick as such a ship. A message was sent to the boat's commander—Capt. William H. John—to go to Newport News to undertake a secret war mission.
The "Contessa" was a Standard Fruit Company vessel designed for the hauling of bananas and coconuts from Caribbean ports to the U.S. and to be hostess to cruising vacationists. She was drafted for war service in light of the critical ship shortage due to the war. The ships steward was a colorful man who spent his off hours trying to save the souls of the crew and the other half praying for the "Contessa"s welfare. The boat was nearing the end of her rope, she was salt cracked, rust stained, and her degaussing equipment was gone.
Upon arriving at Newport News, the "Contessa" went immediately into dry dock for 24 hours for repairs and preparation for her voyage to support the landing at Port Lyautey. By the evening of 18 October, she was completely loaded with gasoline, ammunition and bombs. The naval convoy had set sail already; the "Contessa" would have to catch up. She was short many crewmen, so the Norfolk city jail was opened up and a crew was made of those seamen who were serving time.
Eventually, the "Contessa" set sail, and met up with her convoy in the middle of the Atlantic. Her next stop would be at Port Lyautey airfield.
Battle.
7 November.
The Northern Attack Group, Sub Task Force Goalpost, arrived off Mehdia, Morocco, just before midnight, 7–8 November 1942.
The battleship and light cruiser took up station to the north and south of the landing beaches. The transport ships had lost formation in the last part of the approach to Morocco, and had not regained it. Some landing craft from five of the ships were first to carry troops from the other three, much confused searching causing a delay in forming waves for the actual landings. Gen. Truscott was ferried from transport to transport and agreed to postpone H-Hour from 04:00 to 04:30.
The messages of President Roosevelt and Gen. Eisenhower were already broadcast from London much earlier, and in the Mediterranean, the landings were well advanced before those at Mehdia commenced. Surprise was lost.
Defenses at Mehdia were lightly manned. Naval crews operated two guns in protected positions on the tableland above Mehdia village and in the vicinity of the Kasbah. Not more than 70 men occupied the fort when the attack started. Two guns were mounted on flat cars on the railroad running beside the river at the base of the bluff on which the Kasbah lay. A second battery of four 75 mms was brought forward after the attack began to a position on the high ground along the road from Mehdia to Port Lyautey. A battery of four guns (Grandes Pussances Filloux) was emplaced on a hill west of Port Lyautey and south west of the airport. The airport was defended by a single anti-aircraft battery. The infantry consisted of the 1st Regiment of Moroccan Infantry and the 8th Tabor (battalion) of native Goums. One group of nine guns had withdrawn from other infantry regiments and one battalion of engineers completed the defensive force. Reinforcements were sent to occupy the entrenchments and machine gun positions which covered approaches to the coastal guns and the fort and to occupy defensive positions on the ridges east of the lagoon.
8 November.
At first light on the 8th, Col. Demas T. Craw and Maj. Pierpont M. Hamilton went by jeep from an early beach landing, to Port Lyautey to consult the French commander (Col. Charles Petit). The emissaries were to give him a diplomatic letter in the hopes of preventing any hostilities from starting. They went ashore as the fire of coastal batteries and warships and strafing French airplanes began. French troops near the Kasbah directed them toward Port Lyautey, but as they neared the town under a flag of truce, a French machine gunner at a road fork outpost, stopped them with a burst of point-blank fire which killed Col. Craw. Major Hamilton was then conducted to the headquarters of Col. Petit, where his reception led to no conclusive reply. The pervading atmosphere at the French headquarters in Port Lyautey was one of sympathy toward the Allied cause and distaste for the current fighting. What was lacking was an authorization from Col. Petit's superior to stop fighting. Pending receipt of such authorization, the French at Port Lyautey continued to fight Units of the 60th Infantry Regiment began disembarking troops and supplies from their ships just off the Moroccan shore. The first wave of landing boats began circling and grouping together in preparation for the coming invasion. Unfortunately, in the confusion of disembarkation, the first wave was delayed as they looked for guidance to the shoreline; hence the second wave pressed into the shore as planned, on time. As the second wave began their attack, the first wave started in toward their objectives. Confusion was prevalent in the landing operation. Once the first wave made it to shore, the French defenders began resisting with small arms fire as well as cannon fire from a fortress (Kasbah ) overlooking the area. For all of the first day, the 60th Regiment achieved their first objective of securing the beach, but had not secured their other objectives.
The night of the 8th was stormy, men were trying to rest anywhere, and many scurried through the blackness to find their units.
9 November.
On the second day, further attacks began against the Kasbah fortress. The ground around the fortress was taken and secured, but the fort itself was still successfully defending itself. At the end of the day, a number of attacks were repulsed by the French defenders, the American attackers had not met with success.
10 November.
Finally, on the third day, 10 November, the fortress was overrun and captured, leading to the final success of capturing the local airfield. These victories led to a truce being established on 11 November.
Aftermath.
After the battle, most units involved remained in the area. In January, President Roosevelt visited the area, as a surprise to the troops. He toured the Kasba, and saw the area where the troops had come ashore. In a small cemetery of American dead, he placed a wreath to commemorate their sacrifice. Col. Fredrick de Rohan gave the president an overview briefing of the battle itself.
In the tent city erected near the kasba, Pvt. Karl C. Warner of New York had been elected governor of tent city.
After the battle, Gen. Patton proclaimed the Battle of Port Lyautey as very serious. Beach conditions were bad, many boats were lost in the landing, and it took more than two days to capture the fort. The French put up a gallant fight.

</doc>
<doc id="18683033" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18683033" title="Oerlinghausen Airfield">
Oerlinghausen Airfield

Oerlinghausen Airfield , known as Oerlinghausen Segelflugplatz, German for Oerlinghausen gliding airflield, is a small airfield situated in the town of Oerlinghausen close to Bielefeld in the North Rhine-Westphalia German region. With around 25,000 glider take-offs each year it is one of the largest gliding centres, comparable with Lasham Gliding Society. It is also used by motor planes, microlights and hot air balloons. The airfield is home to 13 gliding clubs and to a gliding school.

</doc>
<doc id="18683049" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18683049" title="Topaz (album)">
Topaz (album)

Topaz is The Rippingtons' tenth album which was released in 1999.

</doc>
<doc id="18683059" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18683059" title="Cotes's spiral">
Cotes's spiral

In physics and in the mathematics of plane curves, Cotes's spiral (also written Cotes' spiral and Cotes spiral) is a spiral that is typically written in one of three forms
where "r" and "θ" are the radius and azimuthal angle in a polar coordinate system, respectively, and "A", "k" and "ε" are arbitrary real number constants. These spirals are named after Roger Cotes. The first form corresponds to an epispiral, and the second to one of Poinsot's spirals; the third form corresponds to a "hyperbolic spiral", also known as a "reciprocal spiral", which is sometimes not counted as a Cotes's spiral.
The significance of Cotes's spirals for physics is in the field of classical mechanics. These spirals are the solutions for the motion of a particle moving under a inverse-cube central force, e.g., 
where "μ" is any real number constant. A central force is one that depends only on the distance "r" between the moving particle and a point fixed in space, the center. In this case, the constant "k" of the spiral can be determined from μ and the areal velocity of the particle "h" by the formula
when "μ" < "h" 2 (cosine form of the spiral) and 
when "μ" > "h" 2 (hyperbolic cosine form of the spiral). When "μ" = "h" 2 exactly, the particle follows the third form of the spiral

</doc>
<doc id="18683063" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18683063" title="Brian Tovey">
Brian Tovey

Sir Brian John Maynard Tovey KCMG (born 15 April 1926) is a former director of the British signals intelligence agency, GCHQ, a post he held from 1978 to 1983.
Career.
Born in London, Tovey was educated at St Edward's School, Oxford, St Edmund Hall, Oxford and the School of Oriental and African Studies, where he studied modern Chinese. After national service in the Royal Navy, Tovey joined GCHQ in 1950. He was thus the first GCHQ director not to have worked at Bletchley Park. He was knighted in 1980.
Tovey's tenure as Director at GCHQ was not an easy one: industrial action in 1981 led later to the banning of trades unions from GCHQ. The decision was also taken to inaugurate the controversial Zircon project.
Following his retirement from GCHQ, Tovey became a consultant advising firms including Plessey on dealing with Government departments. He served during this time as the chair of the Joint Electronics and Telecommunications Security Export Control Committee (JETSECC) of the Federation of the Electronics Industry. Later he was the founding chairman of the UK Mind Sports Olympiad, and he is currently Chairman of the Board of Directors of the Learning Skills Foundation.
Tovey maintains an interest in Italian art of the 13th to 17th centuries. He is currently working on a biography of the life and times of Filippo Baldinucci. It is alleged that while he was Director of GCHQ, Tovey shared this interest with the head of the French SDECE, Alexandre de Marenches, and as a result GCHQ gained valuable intelligence on the war in Afghanistan.

</doc>
<doc id="18683066" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18683066" title="Uska">
Uska

Uska or USKA can have several meanings:
In organisations:
In geography:

</doc>
<doc id="18683083" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18683083" title="Honeymoon Academy">
Honeymoon Academy

Honeymoon Academy (also titled For Better or For Worse) is a 1990 comedy-drama film starring Robert Hays and Kim Cattrall. It was directed by Gene Quintano and was filmed in Spain.
Plot summary.
A secret agent (Cattrall) and her new husband (Hays) become embroiled in her work during their honeymoon. She thinks of him as a newly retired government employee, while he thinks she's a retired travel agent.

</doc>
<doc id="18683113" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18683113" title="Sam K. Shimabukuro">
Sam K. Shimabukuro

Sam Koyei Shimabukuro (born June 7, 1925) is one of only two Japanese Americans to have been a general authority of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church). He was a member of the Second Quorum of the Seventy from 1991 to 1996.
Biography.
Shimabukuro was born in Waipahu, Hawaii. His parents were migrant laborers from Okinawa. He was baptized a member of the LDS Church in February 1942. Later he served a three-year mission to Japan, spending half of his time on Okinawa.
While on his mission, Shimabukuro met Amy Michiko Hirose. After his mission he returned to Okinawa and they courted and eventually married. The marriage occurred in October 1957 in the Laie Hawaii Temple. Their only child, Phyllis, died of lupus in 1974.
Shimabukuro served for two and a half years in the United States military. He received a degree in public administration from the University of Hawaii. He then worked for many years in the Hawaii Department of Labour.
In the LDS Church, Shimabukuro was a bishop and was president of the Japan Sendai Mission from 1981 to 1984. From 1985 to 1988 he was the president of the church's Tokyo Japan Temple. From 1988 to 1991, he was the president of the Honolulu Hawaii West Stake.
Shimabukuro became a general authority in 1991, joining the church's Second Quorum of the Seventy. For part of this time, he was a member of the church's Asia North Area presidency. He was released as a general authority and a member of the Second Quorum of the Seventy in 1996.

</doc>
<doc id="18683129" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18683129" title="M with hook">
M with hook

The letter ' (minuscule: '), called M with hook, is a letter of the Latin alphabet based on the letter M. Its minuscule is used to transcribe a labiodental nasal in the International Phonetic Alphabet.
In Americanist phonetic transcription, the lowercase is used for transcribing a voiced labiodental nasal stop and the uppercase Ɱ for a voiceless labiodental nasal stop. 
Use on computers.
The majuscule and the minuscule are located at U+2C6E and U+0271 in Unicode, respectively.

</doc>
<doc id="18683155" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18683155" title="Pichucalco">
Pichucalco

Pichucalco is a town and one of the 119 municipalities of Chiapas, in southern Mexico.
As of 2005, the municipality had a total population of 29,357. 
It covers an area of 1,078.1 km².
Pichucalco served as the head town for the Second Federal Electoral District of Chiapas between 1996 and 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="18683174" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18683174" title="The Electromancer">
The Electromancer

The Electromancer is the second solo album released by Daisuke Asakura on July 21, 1995, and the first solo album released by Asakura after his departure from the popular J-pop group access. It features vocals by Takanori Nishikawa and Shingo Katsurayama.

</doc>
<doc id="18683194" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18683194" title="Khatuna Skhirtladze">
Khatuna Skhirtladze

Khatuna Skhirtladze (ხათუნა სხირტლაძე) (born 1990) is a beauty pageant contestant who was crowned Miss Georgia 2008. She represented Georgia in Miss Leisure 2008 and in Miss Intercontinental 2008, where she placed in the top fifteen. She competed in Miss World 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="18683215" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18683215" title="Ocotepec, Chiapas">
Ocotepec, Chiapas

Ocotepec is a town and one of the 119 Municipalities of Chiapas, in southern Mexico.
As of 2005, the municipality had a total population of 9,271. It covers an area of 59.6 km².

</doc>
<doc id="18683239" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18683239" title="Lee Yong-kyu">
Lee Yong-kyu

Lee Yong-Kyu (Hangul: 이용규, Hanja: 李容圭) (born August 26, 1985 in Gunsan, South Korea) is an outfielder who plays for the Hanwha Eagles in the Korea Baseball Organization. He bats and throws left-handed.
Amateur career.
Lee attended Duksoo High School in Seoul, South Korea. In , he was selected for the South Korea national junior baseball eam and competed in the 5th Asian Junior Baseball Championship held in Bangkok, Thailand. Lee led his team to the 14-0 mercy rule victory over China in the round robin phase of the competition, going 3-for-5 with 3 RBIs. South Korea eventually won the Championship for the second time by beating Taiwan in the final.
Professional career.
Lee debuted with the LG Twins, but after the 2004 season he was traded to the Kia Tigers.
In , Lee batted a career-high .318 (third in the KBO league), and was first in hits (154), second in runs (78) and third in stolen bases (38). He also won his first Golden Glove Award. After the 2006 season, he was selected for the South Korea national baseball team and competed in the Asian Games in Doha, Qatar.
In , Lee was converted from right field to center field. However, he stole only 17 bases, and his batting average dipped to .280, showing a weakness against inside breaking balls from lefties.
In , Lee had another solid season, batting a respectable .312 with 130 hits and 28 stolen bases, but the team did not reach the postseason.
In August 2008, Lee competed for the South Korea national baseball team in the 2008 Summer Olympics, where they won the gold medal in the baseball tournament. He finished the tournament ranked second in batting average (.481). He was at the plate for 3 of South Korea's 7 runs in their first win against Cuba, delivering a RBI single and hitting into a 2-base error by Norberto González. Lee was 4-for-4 in a 10-1 victory over the Netherlands. In the Gold Medal game, he hit a double off Pedro Luis Lazo to bring in Park Jin-Man for South Korea's final run in a 3-2 win over Cuba.
In March , Lee was called up to the South Korea national baseball team again for the 2009 World Baseball Classic. He went 4-for-18 with one RBI and four runs, sharing the starting center field position with Lee Jong-Wook. After the WBC, Lee was out with an ankle injury for the first three months of the 2009 KBO season, running into the outfield wall during the Tigers' 2009 home opener against the SK Wyverns on April 7. Lee returned from injury in early July, but his batting performance dipped, ending the season with a batting average of .266 and 45 hits.
Career statistics.
Bold = led KBO

</doc>
<doc id="18683242" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18683242" title="Nicole Stansbury">
Nicole Stansbury

Nicole Stansbury (born May 14, 1963 in Whittier, California) is an American novelist, short story and essay writer. Her novel "Places to Look for a Mother" (2002) and her collection of short stories "The Husband's Dilemma" (2004) were published by Carroll & Graf, and her shorter works have appeared in The Threpenny Review, PRISM international, and Yellow Silk.
She earned a BA (1986) in English and an MFA (1991) in Creative Writing from the University of Utah. Stansbury has been honored numerous times for her work including several grants from the Utah Arts Council. "Places to Look for a Mother" won Stansbury the Barnes & Noble "Discover New Writers" award, and "The Husband's Dilemma" won the 2005 Utah Book Award.
Stansbury's works concern a range of issues including modern life in the western United States, particularly life in Utah. She has been praised for her insightful and compelling depiction of the life of non-Mormons in Mormon-dominated Utah, and more generally for her keen eye for telling detail. The setting for most of her work is domestic: her first novel concerns a mother-daughter relationship in the midst of a disintegrating family. Her stories include tales of husbands, wives and children navigating the trauma of life in contemporary America, and is sometimes humorous and at other times harrowing.

</doc>
<doc id="18683279" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18683279" title="Southfleet railway station">
Southfleet railway station

Southfleet (also known as "Southfleet for Springhead") was a railway station on the Gravesend West Line which served the small village of Southfleet in Kent, England.
Opening.
Southfleet, the only village of any size between Longfield and Gravesend, was the first stop on the London, Chatham and Dover Railway's Gravesend branch line. The line skirted the western boundary of the village, passing under two overbridges before reaching the station site just to the north of the present day B262 Station Road. The station was actually sited some distance from the village from which it took its name, being at a midway point between Southfleet village and the hamlet of Springhead. It was equipped with an island platform and provided with both passenger and freight facilities - a goods shed and goods yard with 5-ton crane - together with a signal box. The station accounted for the majority of the line's freight which comprised fruit and agricultural products, particularly blackberries picked in the area. 
Architecturally, the station's buildings were similar in style to those at Gravesend West, solidly-built of yellow London stock in a slightly Gothic style. A house was provided for the stationmaster - a Victorian villa - near to which were four semi-detached railway cottages. All the main station buildings were on the island platform, meaning that no platform tickets were issued as it was necessary to enter the platform in order to purchase a ticket.
Decline and closure.
Although ultimately never successful, the Gravesend branch began to suffer in the face of competition from local bus services following the Second World War, and freight dropped off. As an economy measure, Southfleet lost its status as a station and became an unstaffed halt in Spring 1953. Worse was to follow a few months later when the decision was made to close all stations on the line to passenger traffic as from 3 August 1953. In 1959, the branch was singled and the platform buildings at Southfleet were demolished along with those at neighbouring Longfield. Following the withdrawal of freight services at Gravesend West station in March 1968, the line was cut back to a point approximately 1100 yards to the north of Southfleet (as far as a bridge over the A2), the track beyond that point being lifted to sever the physical connection with Gravesend. It has been suggested that the line was truncated simply to deprive the various paper mills and cement plants (which, until that point, had their own sidings at Gravesend West) of their rail connection based on British Rail's "hatred" of private sidings.
A coal railhead was subsequently established at Southfleet by APCM, a long-term user of the line, to which coal would be delivered by rail from the Midlands and then transported by road to Gravesend. The depot closed in 1970 following the opening of a centralised APCM plant at Northfleet. A brief revival took place in 1974 when the APCM took a lease of the former goods yard at Southfleet, constructed a small prefabricated engine shed and laid out sidings. The 1100 yards of track remaining beyond Southfleet was used to store wagons; the depot saw relatively frequent services - 4 up and down per day during the winter of 1974/5. APCM's use of the depot ceased in 1976, yet the track remained extant even as late as 1985.
Present day.
Part of the trackbed to the south of Southfleet has been incorporated into the Channel Tunnel Rail Link (CTRL) which runs from London through Kent to the British side of the Channel Tunnel. From Fawkham Junction, the CTRL reuses the Gravesend West trackbed as far as the Dale Road overbridge near the site of Southfleet station, where it heads east on a new course. Works on the CTRL commenced in 1998 with the lifting of the remaining track on the Gravesend Branch and the excavation of a new trackbed.
The remainder of the cutting between Dale Road and the B262 Station Road was infilled as part of the works on the CTRL, with the overbridge surviving with rebuilt parapets. A tennis court now occupies the site of the station and new housing has been constructed in the former station yard. The stationmaster's house survives intact nearby as a private residence.

</doc>
<doc id="18683289" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18683289" title="Sidney Hall">
Sidney Hall

Sidney Hall (1788–1831) was a British engraver and cartographer well known and popular for his early nineteenth century atlases containing maps of the United Kingdom and of the ancient world reproduced from Hall's engravings. Hall made engravings for a number of international atlases at a time when cartography and atlases were very popular. He also engraved a series of cards for the various constellations, published c.1825 in a boxed set called "Urania's Mirror".

</doc>
<doc id="18683298" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18683298" title="Salvage (Transformers)">
Salvage (Transformers)

Salvage is a fictional character in the Transformers series. He was introduced in the 2007 Transformers toy line, then revamped for the "Power Core Combiners" line in 2011.
Transformers.
According to his box biography, Salvage was brought to life by the All Spark in the final battle against Megatron. In the Titan comic series, he came from Cybertron with other Autobot reinforcements.
IDW Publishing.
In "Revenge of the Fallen: Alliance" #1 Longarm and Salvage are among the vehicles from Mission City taken into custody by Sector 7 agents after the battle for the Allspark. 
Salvage made a cameo in the "Reign of Starscream" series.
Longarm and Salvage are rescuing human workers at an oil plant disaster in Dallian, China when the Decepticons Shockwave and Astrotrain crash to Earth.
Titan Magazines.
"Salvage appeared in issue #17 of the Titan Transformers Magazine, in a story called "Return to Cybertron: Part 1""
Books.
Salvage appears among the Autobot members of N.E.S.T. in the book "" by Alan Dean Foster. He arrived on Earth and joined the Autobot shortly after the destruction of Megatron. He helped the Autobots fight the Decepticons Dropkick, Macerator, and Payload in Africa. He then helped fight the Decepticons Tread and Trample in Australia. He also helped fight the Decepticon in Rome.

</doc>
<doc id="18683309" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18683309" title="Even Heroes Need a Parachute">
Even Heroes Need a Parachute

Even Heroes Need a Parachute is the first studio album by American Christian rock band This Beautiful Republic. It was released in the United States on April 3, 2007 through ForeFront Records. In mid-2007, it was also made available in European countries.
Background and release.
In November 2006, ForeFront Records announced that they signed a record deal with This Beautiful Republic. "Even Heroes Need a Parachute" was produced by Allen Salmon, and mixed by Mark Needham.
The album was first released in the United States on April 3, 2007, and later in Europe during mid-2007. The band went on a three-week European tour in August 2007 to support its release.
Style and songwriting.
Allmusic labeled "Even Heroes Need a Parachute"'s genre as "Alternative CCM", comparing its sound to rock bands Jimmy Eat World, Foo Fighters, and Anberlin. The album has also been described as having power pop influences, specifically on the track "Black Box".
"Right Now" was co-written by fellow CCM artist Joy Williams. All other tracks were written by the band members and producer Allen Salmon.
Lyrical themes.
Lead singer Ben Olin said that the album's title was chosen to "emphasize the common ground that all humans share. No matter who you are or what you do, the need for a savior is vital. So we hope, beyond anything else, to show people this savior, Christ, and to give listeners a brush with eternity."
The song "Black Box" is an allegory between faith and passengers on a crashing plane, questioning their legacy and Christian faith. The song uses the analogy of a black box recording the events and choices in one's life; "Our black box is hearing the hope and the fearing/What will it say?"
Singles.
The first single off the album was "Jesus to the World", which was released in fall of 2006, being circulated and played across US radios by November 2006. The song "Black Box" was released as a single in mid-2007, becoming notably played on Christian rock radios in early September 2007. "Right Now" was also released to Christian radios in 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="18683317" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18683317" title="Young Communists in Norway">
Young Communists in Norway

The Young Communists in Norway (UngKom) is the youth wing of the Norwegian Communist Party. The Youth Communists in Norway is a Marxist-Leninist organization. 
The UngKom prints and hands out the communist paper "Kameraten" ('The Comrade').
The organization was formed after a conflict between the leaders of the Young Communist League of Norway (NKU) and the Norwegian Communist Party resulting that a few former members of NKU as well as some newcomers forming a new communist youth, with the same name as NKU, organization together with the communist party. In 2008 the new NKU was forced by the Oslo District Court to change its name and logo and therefore the organization became The Youth Communists in Norway.
2006—Present Day.
In 2006 the communist party felt that the leading members of the youth league had failed miserably. The national meeting of NKU had not been held within required limits of their own written rules, possible members met no answer when trying to establish contact with the youth league and mail, including bills, were not opened. To which lengths this claims can be verified is uncertain, but with these arguments the communist party re-established NKU in April–May 2006 together with the potential members and some former members of the youth league. In this process they called a national meeting for those wishing to re-establish the youth league, a meeting which was held on the 12 and 13 May. This resulted in a new more bitter conflict between the old youth league and the communist party, whilst the new youth league itself remained out of the conflict able to begin its work as a youth league.
In 2007 the old youth league summoned NKP to court for theft of a political party. Although the NKP was not found guilty of stealing an organization, the court decided that the old youth league had the right to the name and logo of the Young Communist League of Norway. NKP was however commended for making steps toward re-organizing the youth league, but the court pointed out that they should have involved the leadership of the old youth league as well. As a consequence the new youth wing of the communist party had to change their name into The Youth Communists in Norway.
Organization.
Today, The Youth Communists in Norway is organized after the principles of democratic centralism with one exception, there is an extra organ on top of the organization which consists of both local leaders of the league as well as some prominent members from the communist party. The organization claims this is a part of the process of re-establishing the communist youth movement. The youth league has presently have offices in these cities:

</doc>
<doc id="18683318" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18683318" title="Leopard of the Yellagiri Hills">
Leopard of the Yellagiri Hills

The Leopard of the Yellagiri Hills was a man eating Indian Leopard which claimed three victims in the vicinity of the Yellagiris, a crescent formation of hills east of the Jalarpet Junction railway on the Southern Railway. It was killed by Kenneth Anderson, who described it as thus;
Origins.
The leopard originally limited itself to killing the cows of a herdsman named Nathan, who, over a three-month period, lost four of his animals to the beast. Two other herdsman in his village lost a couple each. When the monsoon season arrived, the cattle were transferred into the village itself. The leopard followed the herds, but was driven out by the herdsman every time, until one day, hunger drove it to kill a cow in front of two men. The leopard refused to be intimidated, and frightened off the herdsmen with loud growls. The villagers enlisted the help of a forester named Ramu, who at first hesitated to take on the assignment due to his lack of experience in hunting carnivores. He soon conceded and a day later, requested that a goat bait be tethered near a banyan tree close to where the leopard usually frequented. With the help of some villagers, he built a machan on the tree, and stood watch. Two hours later, at six p.m, the leopard took the bait. Ramu fired his single barreled .12 bore shotgun, which had been loaded with L.G cartridges, at the leopard. The leopard retreated into the jungle, and though it left a blood trail, it was not to be found the following morning.
First hunt for the leopard.
Two months later, in the same area, the leopard mauled a 16-year-old boy, who managed to fight off the animal with a stick. Three weeks later, the leopard killed a goatherder who had launched himself on the animal in defence of his flock. The next morning, a search party of 30 villagers armed with clubs and staves went in search of the goatherd and found his half eaten body under heavy brush, one hundred yards from where there could be clearly seen splashes of blood and leopard pug marks. Kenneth Anderson was informed by the villagers of the death a few days later. Anderson asked the local Patel for a goat, and a small kid was purchased from a neighboring hamlet. With the help of the villagers, Anderson constructed a machan with the wood from a nearby jak-fruit tree, and tethered the kid twenty feet away. The panther never came, and by 9:15 p.m, Anderson gave up the vigil. He tried again unsuccessfully for three days, and later, returned to his home in Bangalore, instructing the Patel to inform him should the leopard attack again.
Second hunt for the leopard.
Seven weeks later, a mail carrier at Jalarpet disappeared, and a subsequent search in the nearby hills resulted in the discovery of his spear and later, his body. Anderson left Bangalore, this time fully equipped with a .405 Winchester. The villagers informed him that a leopard had been sighted regularly on a hill named Periamalai (), three miles east to the village and five miles from where the carrier had been killed. After selecting a spot near where the leopard was last sighted, Anderson returned to the village in order to procure a bait. This time, he chose a donkey, because unlike a goat which would have been completely devoured in one sitting, the donkey was large enough to warrant the leopard returning after its first meal. Three donkeys were purchased, one was tethered on the site of the mail carriers death, the other two on the village outskirts. The donkeys remained untouched for several days, until one night, the donkey at the mail carriers death site was killed and eaten. Anderson and some villagers rushed to the site and constructed a well camouflaged machan near the body. Anderson waited, and at nightfall, he heard the breathing of the leopard near the carcass. Preferring to wait until the animal had settled down on its kill, Anderson did not open fire. Nothing happened, and by 9:00 p.m, Anderson heard the leopard growling. Having somehow become aware of Anderson's presence, the leopard growled loudly for a few moments, before charging at the machan. Anderson fired at the leopard, but the shot was deflected by a tree branch. The leopard ran into the brush, and did not return. Morning revealed that the donkey carcass had been untouched and there was no indication that Anderson's shots had injured the leopard. Anderson returned to Bangalore after instructing the villagers to inform him should another attack take place. 
Third hunt for the leopard.
Nearly four months later, Anderson received a telegram from the villager Patel stating that the leopard had claimed another victim. He arrived at the Patels village at 7:15 in the morning, and was told that the victim had been a young woman collecting water in a stream running past the base of the Periamalai hill three days prior. Anderson purchased a goat from a nearby village. Anderson was not overly pleased with the bait, as it was an old animal which rarely vocalized, and it was purely black, a colour not present in the leopards natural prey, thus increasing the possibility of arousing the leopards suspicion. Arriving at the site of the last kill, Anderson tied the goat close to the stream, and hid himself in a lantana bush. The night proved fruitless because the goat fell asleep and did not cry out.
Death and post mortem.
Anderson grudgingly led the goat back to the village the next morning, and with the help of the Patel, bought a half grown goat more likely to call out at night, thus increasing the chances of attracting the leopard. Tethering the goat at the same place as before, Anderson waited throughout the night until at 6:00 p.m, he heard the leopard approach. A few moments later, the leopard emitted a hiss, revealing that it was aware of Anderson's presence. Switching on his torch, Anderson saw the leopard ten feet away from him. He fired his .405 Winchester twice, hitting its throat and chest. The next morning, the leopard's body was found. It was described as;

</doc>
<doc id="18683322" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18683322" title="A Hundred Million Suns">
A Hundred Million Suns

A Hundred Million Suns is the fifth album by alternative rock band Snow Patrol. The album was written by Snow Patrol and was produced by long time producer Jacknife Lee who has previously produced albums for Bloc Party, R.E.M., and U2. The songs were recorded through the summer of 2008 in Hansa Studios in Berlin and Grouse Lodge Studios in Ireland. The album was released in Ireland on 24 October 2008, on 25 October in Australia, on 27 October in the United Kingdom and the rest of Europe and in the US on 28 October.
Recording and production.
The band wanted to make an album more quickly than they had done the last time. By the time Snow Patrol ended their Eyes Open Tour, Lightbody had approximately 220 songs written on GarageBand. During the recording process, the band narrowed them down to approximately 30 songs, of which about 20 were eventually recorded. Apart from Lightbody, Nathan Connolly and Paul Wilson too had written songs. The band listened to albums from artists like Fleet Foxes, Wolf Parade and Sigur Rós during the process.
In an interview after the Eyes Open Tour, it became known that the band wished to record their next studio album amidst "sun-drenched" surroundings. Band members Quinn and Simpson mentioned Hawaii and Brazil as possible locations. The album was finally recorded in two studios, Hansa Studios in Berlin and Grouse Lodge Studio in County Westmeath, Ireland through the Summer of 2008, with producer Garret "Jacknife" Lee. The album was a departure from Snow Patrol's earlier productions. Lightbody said he wanted to make a record cheerful as compared to their previous albums. Instead of describing a relationship's end, the record was written in perspective of a relationship that is working. The band members took additional lessons before starting the recording. They have described the album as their best to date. Lightbody commented that he encountered a writer's block while writing the album. He further explained: On previous albums, his focus was on his past mistakes, though this time he had forced himself to write about being in love without sounding clichéd. The lyrics did not come naturally to him, and although the songwriting sessions were distressing, he has said the lyrics were "honest". The recording sessions were hampered by bats invading the studio at dusk, when they'd fly around constantly outside the windows. Lightbody said that he once found one in his room.
Release.
The album title was revealed by drummer Jonny Quinn in an interview to "The Belfast Telegraph", and was initially reported as "One Hundred Million Suns". Lightbody later confirmed the title as "A Hundred Million Suns" on the band's official website, and noted that the newspaper had gone on to print the title despite the band's wish to reveal it themselves.
"A Hundred Million Suns" was made available in three different formats, standard CD, LP Vinyl, digital download. There was also a deluxe version including a specially produced DVD directed by James Russell and full color book
The first single taken from the album, "Take Back the City" premiered on Zane Lowe's show on BBC Radio 1 on 1 September at 7:20 pm. The title of the album was revealed on 1 August and the final track listing for the album was officially revealed on Snow Patrol's website on 29 August. In early October, almost a month before the release of the album, exclusive listening parties were organized and fans were invited on a first come, first served basis. Three days before the album was officially released, the band's website put up the whole album for online playback. A section featuring Gary Lightbody and his thoughts on the new songs was also put up. The album artwork was designed by Farrow Design. The use of handwriting on the album and single sleeves was the band's idea.
Snow Patrol also teamed up with Apple Inc. and became the first band to have an interactive application for the iPhone and iPod Touch. The free digital application enabled users to access extra content like lyrics, behind-the-scenes images and exclusive album related artwork.
Reception.
"A Hundred Million Suns" received generally favorable reviews. The Onion's Chris Mincher called it sincere and effortless, and praised it for employing the use of various techniques, citing the use of glockenspiel, tap dancing and Mongolian folk. He said that the album was Snow Patrol's "solid reminder" of "how simple it can be to make good music" and praised the album, calling it the band's most genuine and biggest yet. He called the guitar hooks "swelling" and "urgent" and called the choruses "compelling" and "soaring". He had praise for songs like "Lifeboats", which he called "coolly slick", he praised the "guitar-buzzing pump" of "Engines". He mentioned "The Golden Floor", which employs fingerpicking and "a scratchy persuasive thump"; he praised Lightbody vocals, calling them "restrained" and "seeping". Though he felt the songs weren't arena rock, the band's "sincerity and effortless songwriting" would make them work individually as well as in stadiums. He still felt that critics blasting the band were likely to do the same to "A Hundred Million Suns", though he felt "novel" that the album retained the band's passion they've always had. PopMatters' Ross Langager, who gave the album a rating of 9 out of 10 defended the band on the comparisons made with Coldplay, saying that the band are more focused. He compared Lightbody and Coldplay's Chris Martin, saying Lightbody's lyrics are "finely-observed", whereas Martin prefers "scrubbed-up existential clichés". He further praised Lightbody, calling him a romantic, calling his words "sturdily poetic and subtly evocative". He felt credit was due to the band for avoiding the formula of "Run" and "Chasing Cars" on "A Hundred Million Suns". He credited producer Jacknife Lee with improving and expanding the band's sound. He had much praise for the songs, saying the "highlights keep flowing into each other". He called "The Planets Bend Between Us" the "Chasing Cars" moment of the album, and wrote that it perfectly captured separation by an ocean. The album's closer, the sixteen minute "The Lightning Strike" was compared with the "grand climax" of "Open Your Eyes" on the last album "Eyes Open".
Pitchfork Media's Joshua Love derided the band's music (on previous albums "Final Straw" and "Eyes Open") as "soaring sissy-rock" and said it came easy to them. He felt if "A Hundred Million Suns" had any hits, they're within the first eight minutes; he praised the opener "If There's a Rocket Tie Me to It" saying it captured the band at their best. However, he found some of Lightbody's lyrics "cringe-worthy". The album, which contains many metaphors referencing planets and cosmology, was slammed by him as "bullshit". He further said the band's other efforts on the album, like "The Golden Floor", "Engines", "Set Down Your Glass" and "Take Back the City" fail to "strut", something they appear wanting to do. He finally wrote that the album sounded as if the band was "striving to be taken more seriously", which they did in "simply stringing together three ponderous, already-overlong songs and calling the impenetrable result a 16-minute stand-alone epic ("The Lightning Strike")". He felt the band wasn't talented enough to give justice to more "artful ambitions" like "The Lightning Strike". He graded the album 4.9 out of 10. Paste Magazine's Austin Ray was not pleased with the album, and called it "A Hundred Million Yawns". He found that listening to Lightbody's voice was a reminder that it was the unavoidable time to hear the band's "new batch of soundtrackable mush". He called the band "bubonic plague of alt. rock, omnipresent and poisonous", though he clarified that he had nothing personal against the band members. He found the album sleep-inducing, and cited the lyrics 'I wanna bathe you in the light of day/and just watch you as the rays/tangle up around your face and body… the daylight seems to want you/just as much as I want you' as such. He felt that the sentiment felt like it had originated in a junior-high diary and was never used. According to review aggregator website Metacritic, the album has received an average critic score of 67/100, which translates to "generally favorable reviews".
"A Hundred Million Suns" was a moderate chart success. It charted in 12 different countries and stayed in the charts for a total of 165 weeks. However, compared to the previous albums "Eyes Open" and "Final Straw", it was the least successful commercially, staying the least amount of weeks on chart. The album debuted at #2 in the UK with sales of 100,330. It narrowly missed reaching the top spot, being beaten by Pink's album "Funhouse". It, however topped the Irish Charts, staying there for 2 weeks. The album reached the Top 10 in a further five countries. The interactive iPhone application was well received, and was downloaded more than 30,000 times in its first week. The album has been certified Gold in Australia, Platinum in the UK and 3× Platinum in Ireland.
The track 'What if This Storm Ends?' was used as a single for the band's 2013 Greatest hits album.
Taking Back the Cities Tour.
On 3 October, Snow Patrol announced their "Take Back The Cities Tour". The band played in four capital cities in a 48-hour period. The tour began on 26 October at Gate Theatre in Dublin and ended next day in Bloomsbury Theatre in London. The band also played a small acoustic set in their living room as a part of Jo Whiley's Live Lounge on tour on 23 September. The band appeared on 'Later... with Jools Holland', performing "Take Back the City," "If There's a Rocket Tie Me to It", and "What If This Storm Ends?".
The band next headlined a major UK and Ireland tour in the early 2009. The tour kicked off in Bournemouth on 22 February and commenced in Belfast on 20 March. Numerous support acts hand-picked by the band became opening acts to these shows. In November, the band visited Australia to headline the V Festival. The band then visited South Africa to headline the Coca-Cola Zero Festival. The band is now in Europe to begin a European leg of the tour which will see the band visit countries like Sweden, Germany, Austria, Denmark, Switzerland & France. Snow Patrol also supported Coldplay on their Viva la Vida Tour in June and U2 on their U2 360° Tour in July. The band is to start a headlining tour in September, which will see them visit various music venues in North America.

</doc>
<doc id="18683361" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18683361" title="Martín Cárdenas">
Martín Cárdenas

Martín Cárdenas may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18683381" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18683381" title="La Guerra de los Chistes">
La Guerra de los Chistes

Guerra de Chistes (Joke Wars) is a television show from the Mexican TV network Telehit hosted by Radames de Jesus, Juan Carlos Casasola, Juan Carlos "El Borrego" Nava and Yered Licona, better known as the Wanders Lover, they tell jokes throughout the program and have special guests on every show.

</doc>
<doc id="18683405" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18683405" title="Kanawha Valley people">
Kanawha Valley people

The Kanawha Valley prehistoric people were an ancestor group for today's modern American Indian. The Kanawha Valley's paleo-Amerindians came to North America from Siberia over 12,500 years ago.
History.
About 12,500 years ago when the land bridge between Siberia and Alaska over the Bering Strait still existed and the oceans were shallower. This was during the end of the last ice age. Then it was much, much colder and there were different types of plants and animals than there are now. The end of the ice age meant a decline in the population of large game animals like the mastodon and woolly mammoth. As the landscape became warmer and warmer, caribou migrated north to colder temperature.
Food.
Kanawha Valley people hunted large game animals, like the woolly mammoth and mastodons. They used spears, with large clovis points knapped from flint. They also hunted smaller animals ranging from deer and bears to rabbits and birds. They also gathered nuts and edible plants. They traveled a lot because they followed the animals that they hunted. Later on, they fished from the river.
Change.
When the larger game animals died out, and the climate warmed, they had to adapt. The large game and caribou were replaced by an abundance of deer. Instead of following their prey, the Kanawha valley prehistoric peoples stayed in more permanent homes and let the deer come to them. As the larger game died out the Kanawha valley people began to use smaller weapon points and adapted their hunting patterns to suit the new prey.
The Atlatl.
The atlatl was a revolutionary advancement in hunting. The tool itself much resembles a modern dog toy. The spear was attached to a lever, and placed parallel of the lever. The lever would be flung forward and the spear hurled with much more force and accuracy.
Houses.
The people lived in wigwams, which were constructed from sticks. The poles were stuck into the ground, bent and tied together at the top to produce a domed frame with panels of sticks lashed together to make walls.
Later on.
They discovered seeds and soon grew their own crops, still hunting and fishing to supplement their diet. Also they made the bow and arrow. Although generally they did not form large settlements, later some groups banded together and formed larger villages which were planned constructions. The larger villages were built on terraces beside the river. These larger settlement dwellers relied on fishing and not agriculture—they died out.

</doc>
<doc id="18683417" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18683417" title="Doc Watson at Gerdes Folk City">
Doc Watson at Gerdes Folk City

"Doc Watson at Gerde's Folk City" is the title of live recordings by American folk music and country blues artist Doc Watson, released in 2001. The recordings are of Watson's first solo public performances, recorded in 1962 and 1963 at Gerde's Folk City. The tracks were never released prior to 2001.
Reception.
Writing for Allmusic, music critic Rick Anderson wrote of the album "... what is consistently striking is his mastery of the stage and the warmth and gentle virtuosity of his playing — attributes that would later come to define his art, but which are remarkable in an artist performing solo for the first time... Highly recommended."
Personnel.
Production notes:

</doc>
<doc id="18683419" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18683419" title="Laureano Barrau">
Laureano Barrau

Laureano Barrau (1863–1957) was a Spanish impressionist painter. He began his studies in Barcelona, his native city and afterwards in Madrid where he studied the old Spanish Masters. at the age of 20 he went to Paris and entered the Académie des Beaux-Arts where he had the painter Gerome as tutor. Two years later he won the Prix de Rome in Barcelona which afforded him the opportunity to study the great Italian Masters for three years. When he was 28 the Salon de la Nationales des Beaux-Arts de Paris gave him the title of Societaire. He earned medals in the principal cities in Europe and today his paintings hang in museums in Spain, Paris, Brussels, Buenos Aires, Montevideo and Rio de Janeiro.
When Laureano was 47 he came to the island of Ibiza. Enraptured by the charm and beauty of the island he resolved to make it his home. He settled with his wife in the town of Santa Eulalia del Rio where he painted what is considered his best work full of light and colour. He remained in Santa Eulalia for the rest of his life. He died in 1957 at the age of 94 and is buried in the cemetery in Santa Eulalia.
In 1963, a museum which houses some 200 of Barrau's paintings was inaugurated by his wife on Puig da Missa in Santa Eulalia beside the 400 year old church. She then gave the museum to the village. To this day there is some dispute as to whether the museum belongs to the town or the church.

</doc>
<doc id="18683425" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18683425" title="I Just Want to Dance with You">
I Just Want to Dance with You

"I Just Want to Dance with You" is a song written by John Prine and Roger Cook, and performed by American country music singer George Strait. It was released in April 1998 as the first single to his album, "One Step at a Time", it is his 34th Number One single on the "Billboard" Hot Country Singles & Tracks (now Hot Country Songs) chart, and his 42nd Number One single when all major trade charts are counted. Prine recorded it 12 years earlier, for his 1986 album "German Afternoons."
It was also a hit for Daniel O'Donnell in 1992, reaching 20 in the UK charts.
Critical reception.
Larry Flick, of "Billboard" magazine reviewed the song favorably, calling it a "tropical flavored li'l ditty, awash in delicate guitar work that is as tantalizing and refreshing as a summer breeze." He states that while the lyric is rather preschoolish, Strait's crisp co-production with Tony Brown and his appealing vocal performance should help overcome that obstacle. 
Chart positions.
"I Just Want to Dance with You" debuted at number 38 on the U.S. "Billboard" Hot Country Singles & Tracks for the week of April 18, 1998.

</doc>
<doc id="18683430" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18683430" title="Charles B. Stuart">
Charles B. Stuart

Charles Beebe Stuart (June 4, 1814 – January 4, 1881) was an American engineer, United States Navy and Union Army officer and politician.
Biography.
Stuart was born in Chittenango Springs, Madison County, New York, and was educated in the common schools. He graduated from Union College. Afterwards he was engaged in the construction of the Philadelphia, Wilmington and Baltimore Railroad, and the Brooklyn dry docks.
He was New York State Engineer and Surveyor from 1848 to 1849, elected on the Whig ticket. In November 1850, he was appointed Engineer-in-Chief, attached to the Bureau of Construction, Equipment and Repair of the United States Navy.
During the American Civil War, he raised the 50th New York Engineer Regiment, commanding it from 1861 to 1863, and was brevetted brigadier general. He built fortifications and bridges for the Army of the Potomac.
At the time of his death, he was as Chief Engineer engaged in the construction of the Conotton Valley Railway. 
He died in Cleveland, Ohio on January 4, 1881, of gangrene which developed from a sprained ankle.

</doc>
<doc id="18683438" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18683438" title="Martín Cárdenas (botanist)">
Martín Cárdenas (botanist)

Martín Cárdenas Hermosa (November 12, 1899 - 1973) was a Bolivian botanist. Cárdenas is considered one of the most important botanists in Bolivia's history.
He is responsible for recording some 6,500 species of plants in his native country.
Biography.
In 1918, he graduated as a Bachelor in Sciences and Letters and secured a scholarship to continue his studies at the Instituto Normal Superior in La Paz, where he specialized in Natural Sciences and Chemistry. He graduated in 1922. On his vacations in Cochabamba he went for long walks by gathering plants, of which he soon recorded their characteristics in books and journals at the Municipal Library of La Paz. At that time, Cardenas had met Swedish botanist Erik Asplund, who had also shown a keen interest in studying the plants in Bolivia. Asplund played an important role in enhancing his knowledge of botany and was an early mentor for him. 
By May 1922, Cárdenas was already professor in the Special Natural Sciences and Chemistry, being an auxiliary senior instructor and later obtained a title at the "Instituto Normal Superior de La Paz".
In his career, over a 40 or 50 year period, Cárdenas classified 6,500 species of the flora of Bolivia, and described 180 new species of cactus, with 16 varieties. He also registered 26 types of "Solanum tuberosum" with six varieties.

</doc>
<doc id="18683496" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18683496" title="Nur Atikah Nabilah">
Nur Atikah Nabilah

Nur Atikah Nabilah (born on 27 November 1991, Singapore), is a young gymnast. Nabilah was part of the team that won a gold medal at the 2005 South East Asian Games.

</doc>
<doc id="18683498" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18683498" title="Association of Rivers Trusts">
Association of Rivers Trusts

The Rivers Trust (RT) is the new name for the Association of Rivers Trusts (ART) which is a waterway society and registered charity No. 1107144, and an umbrella organisation for trusts concerned with rivers in England and Wales. The Association's headquarters are in Callington, Cornwall.
RT was launched in 2001 by four river trusts: the Eden Rivers Trust, Tweed Foundation, Westcountry Rivers Trust, and the Wye Foundation. The association was granted registered charity status in 2004. Its Scottish equivalent is the Rivers and Fisheries Trusts of Scotland (RAFTS).
RT is also a member of the "Union des Terres de Rivières", a European Union project with 24 partners in 10 EU countries.

</doc>
<doc id="18683504" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18683504" title="David Harum">
David Harum

David Harum; A Story of American Life is a best-selling novel of 1899 whose principal legacy is the colloquial use of the term "horse trading".
Literary significance and criticism.
Written by retired Syracuse, New York banker, Edward Noyes Westcott, the work was rejected by six publishers before being accepted for publication by D. Appleton & Company. Published in the fall of 1898, some six months after the author's death, it sold an impressive 400,000 copies during the following year. Although the book contains the mandatory love story, the character and philosophy of the title character, small town banker and horse trader David Harum, expressed in the dialect of 19th-century rural central New York is the focus of the book. 
The main appeal of the work seems to have been to businessmen, attracted by its approval of a much more relaxed code of business ethics then was presented in most novels of the time. Harum was an inveterate horse-trader and considered engaging in the dubious practices long associated with this activity as morally justified by the expectation that similar practices would be employed by his adversary. In principle, he contended that this made horse-trading quite different from other lines of business, yet in practice most business dealings seemed to him to be a species of horse trading, justifying considerable deviation from conventional standards of probity. The fact that these sentiments were placed in the mouth of an elderly country banker -- on the face of it, a clear spokesman for "traditional values" -- was particularly appealing in that it made these business ethics appear a reflection of the practices of shrewd businessmen through the ages rather than an indicator of moral degeneration. Harum's version of the Golden Rule -- "Do unto the other feller the way he'd like to do unto you, an' do it fust." -- was widely quoted, and the term "horse trading" came into use as an approbatory term for what others would deem ethically dubious business practices.
The success of the book led to the identification of some of its characters with living persons; the late author's sister felt compelled on that account to write to Publishers Weekly, declaring that while the character of "David Harum" himself might be called a "composite", all the others were entirely fictitious. The concession concerning the main character was a necessary one: the resemblance of the fictitious "David Harum", banker and horse trader from the (also fictitious) central New York village of "Homeville", and the real David Hannum, banker and horse trader from the (real) central New York village of " Homer" was too great to deny. Hannum is perhaps better remembered for his role in the Cardiff Giant hoax.
Adaptations.
The undramatic character of the book's action was something of an impediment to its adaptation to the stage, but its popularity insured that an attempt would be made. The result was a quite serviceable "star vehicle" for veteran comic actor William H. Crane -- so much so that Crane became largely identified with the role. In 1915, " Famous Players" made a film adaptation of the play, again featuring Crane.
In 1934, the story was again adapted to the screen, this time as a vehicle for Will Rogers. This film was successful at the box office.
In 1936, "David Harum" became a radio serial, which was broadcast until 1951. These later adaptations owed little more than incidentals to the book; rather they used the story as a vehicle for presenting a more generic version of the cracker-barrel philosopher. In one respect the radio show however was true to Harum's business philosophy -- the program had a reputation for being particularly aggressive in using the story line to push its sponsors' premium offers.

</doc>
<doc id="18683506" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18683506" title="Life in the Tropics">
Life in the Tropics

Life in the Tropics is The Rippingtons' eleventh album which was released in the year 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="18683525" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18683525" title="Red Ventures">
Red Ventures

Red Ventures is an American marketing services company incorporated in the State of South Carolina. The company acquires customers for providers of home, consumer, business, automotive, remodeling, financial and educational services. These service providers include DirecTV, ADT Security Services, and HughesNet. In terms of revenue, as of 31 December 2007, Red Ventures is one of the fastest growing private companies in the United States, with growth of 5,863.9% from 2004 through 2007.
Red Ventures’ corporate headquarters is located in Indian Land, South Carolina. The company has additional locations in Miramar, Florida; and San Antonio, Texas.
Vertical markets.
Red Ventures operates businesses in the following vertical markets:
Corporate culture.
Red Ventures’ corporate culture combines a focus on measurement and profitability with an entrepreneurial mindset that promotes new ideas and innovation from its employees. The organization is flat, with decision-making dispersed among small, autonomous divisions formed around the company's verticals and marketing channels. More than 90% of employees arrived with no expertise in their current fields; the company’s preference is to hire talented people and train them. On average, Red Ventures hires 3% of applicants following multiple, extensive interview sessions with a cross-section of employees.
Philanthropy.
In 2006, Red Ventures embarked on a philanthropic project called Lives Linked. The mission of the nonprofit organization is to help reduce world poverty by using technology to improve the child sponsorship programs of international aid organizations.
Corporate achievements.
Red Ventures and members of its management team have received several awards honoring them for their accomplishments:
References.
Red Ventures is sometimes referred to as RedVentures.

</doc>
<doc id="18683533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18683533" title="The Perfect Age of Rock 'n' Roll">
The Perfect Age of Rock 'n' Roll

"The Perfect Age of Rock 'n' Roll" is a music-themed drama film starring Kevin Zegers and Jason Ritter and directed by Scott Rosenbaum. The screenplay was written by Scott Rosenbaum and Jasin Cadic. The film is set to be released On-Demand & in limited theatrical release on August 5, 2011.
Plot.
According to rock and roll lore, age twenty-seven is a fateful milestone laced with tragic deaths, the 27 Club including Jimi Hendrix, Janis Joplin, Jim Morrison, and Brian Jones, all shooting stars who were felled in their prime by drugs and fame. In this film, childhood friends come face to face with the demons of rock and roll (lust, drugs, and passion) on a cross-country road trip that compels them to face their past, present, and future. Rocker Spyder (Kevin Zegers), whose debut album was a huge hit saw his follow-on album bomb, causing him to retreat to his small hometown and give up. Seven years later, 27-year-old Spyder reconnects with his long-lost best friend and writer of his debut album Eric (Jason Ritter), son of a late great punk rock guitar legend, who has long settled into the sedate life of a suburban middle school music teacher. The reunion forces the two to recall their youthful ambitions and re-examine the choices they've made.
Cast.
The film also features appearances by rocker Billy Morrison and blues legends Pinetop Perkins, Hubert Sumlin and Sugar Blue.
Production.
Production took place in New Jersey, New York and Los Angeles.
Reception.
Rotten Tomatoes reported that none of the 14 critics who reviewed this film gave it a positive review.

</doc>
<doc id="18683538" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18683538" title="Bob Pringle">
Bob Pringle

Robert Murray "Bob" Pringle is a former Canadian politician, who last served as a city councillor for Ward 7 on Saskatoon City Council in Saskatoon, Saskatchewan. He previously served as a New Democratic Party member of the Legislative Assembly of Saskatchewan, representing the electoral district of Saskatoon Eastview from 1988 to 1998. While in the legislature, he served as Minister of Social Services and Minister Responsible for Senior's Issues in the government of Roy Romanow.
Pringle has bachelor's and master's degrees in social work from the University of Manitoba. He previously served as the CEO of the Saskatoon Food Bank, and as executive directors of Cosmo Industries, the Saskatoon Housing Coalition, and Habitat for Humanity Saskatoon. He began a five-year term as Saskatchewan's children's advocate starting on January 1, 2011, and as such resigned his seat on city council on December 31, 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="18683596" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18683596" title="Haji Washington">
Haji Washington

Haji Hossein-Gholi khan Noori (Mo'tamed ol-Vezareh, later Sadr es-Saltaneh) (), also known as Haji Washington (), was an Iranian politician, cabinet minister, and diplomat.
Early life and education.
Hajji Hossain-Gholi Khan, Motamed ol Vezareh was the second son of the Persian vizier/prime minister, Mirza Agha Khan Nouri. During his childhood, he lived with his father. He then entered the service of the Ministry of finance, and later the ministry of foreign affairs.
Political career.
He was appointed the first ambassador to the United States in 1889, where he kept a scrap-book of newspaper cuttings from the American press about the reigning monarch Nasir-ad-din Shah. He objected to the manner in which the Shah’s official visit to England in 1889 was covered by the press and he resigned from his post in protest. After his return from the United States, he served as the minister of public works ("favaayed-e aamme") and married Nasir-ad-din Shah’s daughter.
Diplomatic career.
Haji Hossain-Gholi Khan, Motamed ol Vezareh was the Persian Consul General to India. In 1885, when the Democratic Party took over the administration, Benjamin, the first US ambassador in Iran, resigned his post conforming with diplomatic practice. On November 20, 1885, President Cleveland appointed Fredrick H. Winston as Benjamin's successor. On August 3, 1886, Spencer Pratt was appointed as the third US Consul General in Tehran. At this time, Nasereddin Shah decided to open a permanent Iranian embassy in Washington. Haji Hossain-Gholi Khan, Motamed ol Vezareh was appointed as Minister Plenipotentiary and Envoy Extraordinary to Washington 
He selected his staff of ten of the English-speaking members of the Iranian Foreign Ministry. It took him and his staff 2 months and a very difficult journey to arrive in Washington. Although his character seemed peculiar to the Americans, he had a friendly attitude and a sociable nature and he soon gained easy access to a number of circles. His reports were positive and illuminating. He managed to spark interest in Iran among American orientalogists.".
Later years.
He returned to live in Tehran after his mission to US. He had a modern house built for himself, and following the western tradition, had his new title (صدرالسّلطنه) engraved on a ceramic plate by the door. Iranians who were not used to nameplates made fun of him and considered him eccentric.
• A son by the name of Eng. Reza Khadjenoori who was one of the first mechanical engineers graduated from Germany. At age of 24 just after his graduation and at his arrival to Tehran, he went watching from the balcony of his home in Baharestan Square the entrance of Dr. Mossadegh who was his father cousin to the Parliament. He was shot by an unknown bullet August 19, 1953 . He never married.
• A daughter by the name of Ms. Parivache Khadjenoori who married Senator Dr. Abbas Moadeb Naficy, Ministry of Health, Physician of Queen Mother and Mohammad Reza Pahlavi, Managing Director of Iranian Red Cross and Professor at Tehran University. He was the elder son of Dr. Ali Asghar Moadeb Naficy (Moadeb o Dolleh) and the grandson of Dr. Ali Akbar Naficy ( Nazem o Ateba). According to documents, for more than 600 years always the personal physician of Persian kings were from Naficy dynasty - Ms. Parivache had only one child by the name of Ms. Faranak naficy who married Mr. Massoud afzali the only son of General Mohammad Reza Afzali one of the first pilots of Iran Air force during the rule of Mohammad Reza Pahlavi – and in her turns Ms. Faranak has only one child by name of Mr. Arashk Afzali born in 1998.

</doc>
<doc id="18683647" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18683647" title="Hurler of the Year">
Hurler of the Year

Hurler of the Year can refer to the following.

</doc>
<doc id="18683649" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18683649" title="Amoebic Ensemble">
Amoebic Ensemble

Amoebic Ensemble (or The Amoebics) were an instrumental band in the 1990s, from Providence, Rhode Island, headed by Alec K. Redfearn, who wrote the music and arrangements for the group, and played accordion. The band emerged from the remnants of Redfearn's former band, Space Heater.
Although the band members referred most often to their style as experimental music, their music has been characterized as free jazz, and as punk jazz. Their music has also been compared to that of Frank Zappa.
Their album "Amoebiasis", although recorded in Providence in late 1996 and early 1997, was released on the French record label Stupeur et Trompette! The people who ran the label also organized the "Mouvement Internationale des Musiques Innovatrices" experimental music festival, and took notice when Amoebic Ensemble performed there in 1996. The album was produced by Tom Buckland, except for "Lay Down in the Road", which was produced by Joe Auger.
Subsequent to "Amoebiasis"'s release, primarily as a result of members being busy in other music projects, percussionists Paige Van Antwerp and Jonathan Thomas, as well as trumpeter Shawn Wallace all left the band. Gerry Heroux took over as trumpeter, and Mark Pedini joined on drums. Matthew Everett changed from bouzouki and mandolin to electric guitar instead.

</doc>
<doc id="18683663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18683663" title="Pirot">
Pirot

Pirot () is a town and municipality located in south-eastern Serbia. According to 2011 census, the town has a total population of 38,785, while the population of the municipality is 57,928. The town is the administrative center of the Pirot District.
The municipality has rich geographical features, including the mountains of Stara Planina, Vlaška Planina, Belava, Suva Planina, and rivers which flow through the town, including Nišava, Jerma, Rasnička Reka, Temštica and the Visočica, and four lakes, the Zavoj Lake, Berovacko Lake, Krupac Lake; Sukovo Lake etc...
The town has a rich culture, with notable Orthodox church buildings, including the Church of St. Petka, and the monastery of St. Georges ans St. John the Theologian from the late 14th century, both of whom display a fine example of medieval Serbian architecture. Pirot is known for its traditional woven carpet, the Pirot Kilim (Pirotski ćilim).
Administration.
The municipality has over 70 settlements, among Pirot itself. In 2011, the municipality has 57,911 inhabitants: 93.8% Serbs, 3.0% Roma and 0.8% Bulgarians.
Bazovik •
Barje Čiflik •
Basara•
Bela •
Berilovac •
Berovica •
Blato •
Brlog •
Velika Lukanja •
Veliki Jovanovac •
Veliki Suvodol •
Veliko Selo •
Visočka Ržana •
Vlasi •
Vojnegovac •
Vranište •
Gnjilan •
Gornja Držina •
Gostuša •
Gradašnica •
Gradište •
Dobri Do •
Dojkinci •
Držina •
Zaskovci •
Izvor •
Jalbotina •
Jelovica •
Kamik •
Koprivštica •
Kostur •
Krupac •
Kumanovo •
Mali Jovanovac •
Mali Suvodol •
Milojkovac •
Mirkovci •
Nišor •
Novi Zavoj •
Obrenovac •
Oreovica •
Orlja •
Osmakova •
Pakleštica •
Pasjač •
Petrovac •
Pirot •
Planinica •
Pokrevenik •
Poljska Ržana •
Ponor •
Prisjan •
Ragodeš •
Rasnica •
Rosomač •
Rsovci •
Rudinje •
Sinja Glava •
Slavinja •
Sopot •
Srećkovac •
Staničenje •
Sukovo •
Temska •
Topli Do •
Trnjana •
Cerev Del •
Cerova •
Crvenčevo •
Crnoklište •
Činiglavci •
Šugrin
Geography.
The municipality, which covers an area of , has several mountains in the vicinity: Stara Planina, Vlaška planina, Belava, Suva Planina, etc.
The following rivers flow through Pirot: the Nišava, Jerma, Rasnička Reka, Temštica and the Visočica. Pirot also has four lakes: Zavoj Lake, Berovacko Lake, Krupac Lake and Sukov Lake.
History.
Prehistoric and Roman times.
Thracians ruled the region prior to the Roman conquest and Romanization of Serbia in the 1st century BC. Turres, the first settlement in the vicinity, date to the 2nd century AD. At the Maglić monastery of village Blato, an 2nd-century AD stone depiction of the Thracian horseman was found in September 2008. An inscription dating to 211 AD, mentions the Thracian cult of "Sebazianos" (Sabazios), the theophoric name corresponds with the variations seen in Pautalia. The inscription was dedicated by a horion (cult society), headed by a leader (high priest), these were not Roman citizens. The first written account describing Turres was the 4th century Roman itinerary knowns as Tabula Peutingeriana. Its name was Latin for "towers". Firstly, it was set to enable control and defence of the main road in this part of the empire. Besides, travellers could sleep here over night, as well as get refreshments and new horses or vehicles. In time, the settling advanced because of the important road passing through. It was also disturbed very persistently by invasions of the Gothic tribes throughout the 4th century, as well as the Huns in the 5th century.
Eastern Roman (Byzantine) rule.
According to the written accounts "On Buildings" by Procopius of Caesarea, writing during the reign of the emperor Justinian I (527 – 565), the emperor ordered the reconstruction of thirty fortresses in the area from Niš to Sofia, including the towers of Pirot. He also gave the detailed description of those construction works. In times when the Slavs and Avars were invading the Balkans, the settlement was named Quimedava, and was situated on the southern slope of the Sarlah Hill.
Corresponding to the archaeological investigations, the town back then, surrounded by forts and fortified walls, also included an early Christian basilica, thermae (public baths), a necropolis, and other facilities. Beside the military fortress, a civil settlement (vicus) existed on the site called Majilka. By the late 6th century and early 7th century, successive barbarian invasions broke through the Byzantine Danube frontier, and various proto-Slavic tribes ("Sclaveni") began to settle in numbers across the Balkans. 
The "Sclaveni" started raiding Byzantine towns in the 520s and are mentioned as having attacked Thrace in 549. In 577 some 100,000 Slavs poured into Thrace and Illyricum, pillaging cities and settling down.
High and Late Middle Ages.
In the early 11th century it becomes part of the Theme of Sirmium, a main administrative unit of the Byzantine Empire, formed by Emperor Basil II (r. 976–1025). He also forms the Archbishopric of Ochrid, an autonomous church under the jurisdiction of the Patriarch of Constantinople (1018). The region was then part of the Archbishopric of Niš.
In 1182-1183, the joint Serb-Hungarian army took control of Pirot area, Stefan Nemanja, together with Frederick Barbarossa passed through Pirot.
In 1214-1216 Serbian Grand Prince (later "King") Stefan Nemanjić with the autocephaly of the Serbian Orthodox Church in 1217, made Pirot's region ecclesiastically part of the Serbian church. Momchil, a Bulgarian brigand leader, built the Pirot Fortress sometime before 1344. Pirot was afterwards part of the Serbian Empire under Stefan Dušan (r. 1331-1355) and his son Uroš V, assigned to the Dejanović noble family. Konstantin Dejanović built the nearby Poganovo Monastery during Ottoman vassalage. According to some sources, Pirot was briefly annexed by the Ottomans in 1385, alternatively it switched hands to Prince Lazar. It was subsequently part of Stefan Lazarević's Serbian Despotate, however the region was then conquered by Ottoman Musa by 1412.
There is disagreement between Serbian and Bulgarian sources whether area belonged to Serbian or Bulgarian states in the 14th century period. According to Serbian sources, in the 14th and 15th century, Pirot belonged to the several Serbian states - the Serbian Empire of Stefan Dušan, Moravian Serbia of Lazar Hrebeljanović, and Serbian Despotate of Stefan Lazarević, while according to Bulgarian historian Koledarov, the town was under Bulgarian rule in the 13th and 14th century and belonged to the Bulgarian state almost to the end of Second Bulgarian Empire. Still more, the Serbian archaeological excavations haven't found evidences for mass Serbian presence from 13th-15th century in the region, for example typical Serbian pottery from 14th-15th century.
Ottoman rule.
The region changed hands several times between Serbian and Ottoman rulers. It was finally conquered by Ottomans in the 15th century and remained under Ottoman rule until the 19th century (December 1877). It was known as Şehirköy during Ottoman rule.
It was administratively part of to the Sanjak of Niš. On April 7, 1831, it was the site of a battle in the Bosnian uprising. The Pirot Uprising was suppressed by the Ottomans in 1836. The Niš Uprising in 1841, was also suppressed by the Ottomans. It was administratively part of the Niš Eyalet 1846–1864. With the establishment of the Bulgarian Exarchate was the center of the Nishava diocese, which includes Tran and Pirot Municipality.
Modern history.
Authors from the epoch maintain the view that prior to the 19th century the inhabitants of Torlakian area had begun to develop predominantly Bulgarian national consciousness, however after Serbia gained the area in 1878 the population slowly changed its ethnic affiliation to Serbian. The prominent Serbian linguist Vuk Karadžić wrote in a letter to the Bulgarian Nayden Gerov in 1859, that Pirot area is Bulgarian populated. The first known literary monument, influenced by Torlakian dialects is the Manuscript from Temska Monastery from 1762, in which its author, the Monk Kiril Zhivkovich from Pirot, considered his language as: ""simple Bulgarian"". In the 19th century the region was one of the centres of Bulgarian national revival and was included at a whole in the Bulgarian Exarchate (1870-1878). It was also stipulated the area to be ceded to Bulgaria according to the Constantinople Conference in 1876.
In the Serbian-Ottoman War (1876–1877), Russian Commander-In-Chief of the Serbian army Mikhail Chernyayev failed to liberate Bela Palanka and Pirot.
During the Russo-Turkish War (1877-1878) the Serbian army took the territories of Niš, Babina glava, Bela Palanka and Pirot. With the Treaty of San Stefano (1878), Pirot was annexed to Bulgaria. With the Treaty of Berlin (1878), it was annexed to Serbia. The 1879 Serbian regional population census registered that Pirot had a population of 76,892 people, and 11,005 households.
Following World War I, four territories, now known to the Bulgarian community as the Western Outlands, passed to the Kingdom of Serbs, Croats and Slovenes from Bulgaria as a war indemnity, and the remains of the old border can be seen at Vlasina lake. In the Interwar Period, the Internal Western Outland Revolutionary Organisation, countering Yugoslav rule in the region, was engaged in repeated attacks against the Yugoslav police and army. During World War II Bulgaria retook the Western Outlands, as well as Pirot and Vranje. After the Second World War, these regions were returned to Yugoslavia. After Serbia's independence, these areas remained within the Serbian state.
Culture.
Notable brands of Pirot include the Pirot Kilim, Pirot opanak, Pirot cheese, and ironed sausage.

</doc>
<doc id="18683666" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18683666" title="Eupatorium resinosum">
Eupatorium resinosum

Eupatorium resinosum, or Pine barren thoroughwort, is a herbaceous perennial plant in Asteraceae native to the eastern coastal states of the United States, from North Carolina to New Jersey and Delaware. The stems grow from 40 to over 100 cm tall and are produced from short rhizomes. The inflorescences are composed of a large number of white flower heads with disc florets and no ray florets. This species typically grows in moist areas, areas with acidic soils, and pine barrens. It is pollinated by insects and is self-incompatible. It is rare, with only dozens of populations known, and has been extirpated from several states due to habitat destruction.

</doc>
<doc id="18683673" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18683673" title="Skegoneill Avenue">
Skegoneill Avenue

Skegoneill Avenue is a football stadium in Belfast, Northern Ireland. It is the home of Brantwood F.C., has a capacity of 5,000 and was built in 1952. It is located on the street of the same name, a residential road linking the Antrim and Shore roads. It is currently in a rundown state. It is in good condition.

</doc>
<doc id="18683676" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18683676" title="Al Pardo">
Al Pardo

Alberto Judas Pardo (born September 8, 1962 in Oviedo, Spain) is a Spanish former catcher in Major League Baseball for the Baltimore Orioles and the Philadelphia Phillies. He is one of only four players in Major League history to be born in Spain. 

</doc>
<doc id="18683711" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18683711" title="James Acho">
James Acho

James "Jim" Acho is an American attorney, sports law professor and former editor of Sports Review Magazine. Acho is a frequent guest on sports talk radio shows on a national level, and in the Detroit area. He is known for high profile cases involving sports figures, and is cited on air and in print as an authority on labor issues as applied to professional sports unions and leagues.
Biography.
From 2002 to 2008, he was one of the attorneys who represented former MLB players seeking pensions and medical benefits, which ultimately resulted in MLB compensating the members of the class. From 2000-2010, Acho represented represented NFL alumni against Gene Upshaw and the NFLPA in a battle over improved pension and medical benefits. Acho made multiple appearances on ESPN Radio, Fox Sports Radio and Sporting News Radio to discuss Upshaw's death and the subsequent hiring of new NFLPA President DeMaurice Smith. Acho has been publicly credited by numerous retired NFL and MLB players for improved benefits.
Acho has also represented a number of sports and political figures in high profile civil litigation and as a defense attorney.
Acho teaches sports law at Madonna University. American comedians/actors Randy and Jason Sklar always make at least one reference to Acho while guest hosting The Jim Rome Radio Show. ESPN's Howie Schwab also referred to Acho multiple times on Stump The Schwab and ESPN radio.
Personal life.
Acho is married to University of Michigan Associate Athletic Director Shari Acho, who, in 2012, received the prestigious "Honorary M," for outstanding contribution to Michigan Athletics.

</doc>
<doc id="18683722" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18683722" title="Total addressable market">
Total addressable market

Total addressable market (TAM), also called total available market, is a term that is typically used to reference the revenue opportunity available for a product or service. TAM helps to prioritize business opportunities by serving as a quick metric of the underlying potential of a given opportunity.
One approach is to estimate how much of the market any company can gain if there were no competitors. A more encompassing variation is to estimate the market size that could theoretically be served with a specific product or service. TAM can be defined as a global total (even if a specific company could not reach some of it) or, more commonly, as a market that one specific company could serve (within realistic expansion scenarios). This focuses strategic marketing and sales efforts and addresses actual customer needs. The inclusion of constraints such as competition and distribution challenges then modifies the strategy to frame it with realistic boundaries, reducing the market down to the serviceable available market (SAM), the percentage of the market that can actually be served (either by that company or all providers) out of the TAM.

</doc>
<doc id="18683750" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18683750" title="David H. Popper">
David H. Popper

David Henry Popper (October 3, 1912 – July 24, 2008) was a diplomat and former United States Ambassador to Cyprus (1969–73) and Chile (1974–77). He was a member and former President of the American Academy of Diplomacy.
Early life.
Popper was born in Manhattan, NY and raised in White Plains, NY. He and his family were Jewish. Popper entered university at the young age of 15 and graduated valedictorian of his class from Harvard University in 1932 and received a Harvard master's degree in government in 1934. He then went on to join the research staff of the Foreign Policy Association, until the United States entered World War II. Popper worked in Army intelligence at a base in Miami where he traced Axis power movement and influence in Latin America.
Diplomatic career.
David H. Popper began his career as a diplomat when WWII came to an end. In September 1945 Popper joined the US State Department and was assigned to the then new bureau of United Nations affairs. He had a brief scrap with McCarthyism when he was internally investigated because some past associates and organizations of which he had been a member had leftist connections. He was briefly suspended without pay, but after an investigation that involved interviewing his former Boy Scout leaders, he was cleared.
He served as Deputy Director of UN Political and Security Affairs from 1951 to 1954. He served as Director of the Office of Atlantic Political and Military Affairs from 1962 to 1965 alongside Adlai E. Stevenson, then ambassador to the United Nations. He served as US Ambassador to Cyprus (1969–73) during the administration of President Makarios. In 1973 he returned to Washington, DC to serve briefly as Assistant Secretary of State for International Organization Affairs for the duration of that year. His next assignment was to be his most prominent.
Popper is best known for having served as US ambassador to Chile during the Pinochet regime. His tenure began in February 1974, four months after General Augusto Pinochet overthrew the democratically elected president Salvador Allende in the 1973 Chilean coup d'état, with tacit support from the US government. In his capacity as chief US diplomat in Chile, Popper was forced to walk the diplomatic tight-rope of balancing concerns of human rights violations by the Chilean military regime with strategic geopolitical and economic objectives of the Richard Nixon and Gerald Ford administrations. The US embassy in Chile once received a cablegram from Secretary of State Henry Kissinger that read "Tell Popper to cut out the political science lectures" in reference to a meeting at which Popper had brought up human rights violation concerns with the Chilean defense minister.
After spending three years as ambassador to Chile he finished his diplomatic career as special representative for Panama Canal Treaty Affairs. He retired in 1980.
Writer.
In semi-retirement David Popper served as the ghost writer for former UN Secretary-General Kurt Waldheim's memoirs, entitled In the Eye of the Storm. The book was published in 1986 but printing was soon terminated as Waldheim's past as a Nazi officer during World War II surfaced. The autobiography overlooked those years of Waldheim's life.
Death and Survived By.
Popper died at Georgetown University Hospital of complications from a fall at the age of 95. He had outlived his wife of 56 years, Florence Maisel Popper, who died in 1992. His companion of 14 years, Olie Rauh, had died 5 months earlier in February 2008. He has three daughters, one son, grandchildren and great-grandchildren.

</doc>
<doc id="18683754" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18683754" title="Science, Evolution, and Creationism">
Science, Evolution, and Creationism

Science, Evolution, and Creationism is a publication by the United States National Academy of Sciences. The book's authors intended to provide a current and comprehensive explanation of evolution and "its importance in the science classroom". The book, published on January 3, 2008, is available as a free PDF file on the National Academies Press website.
"Science, Evolution, and Creationism" differs from prior National Academy of Sciences publications regarding creation and evolution in public education and the creation-evolution controversy; it is intended "specifically for the lay public", devoting much of its space to "explaining the differences between science and religion, and asserting that acceptance of evolution does not require abandoning belief in God." The book provides statements from notable biologists and clergy members to support the claim that "attempts to pit science and religion against each other create controversy where none needs to exist."
The authors of "Science, Evolution, and Creationism", who include Francisco J. Ayala and Bruce Alberts, highlight developments in evolutionary biology and its relevance to the study of emerging infectious diseases, the 2006 discovery of the transitional fossil "Tiktaalik", and the application of evolutionary theory in many areas of science and engineering beyond biology.
The book was released as several states, particularly Texas and Florida, considered revisions in state science standards.
Critical response.
The pro-intelligent design organization, the Discovery Institute, states that "Science, Evolution, and Creationism" "completely misrepresent intelligent design" and "exaggerates the success of evolution". Tony Perkins, president of the Family Research Council, argues that "Science, Evolution, and Creationism" "ignores" criticism of "Darwinism".
In an interview on NBC, Glenn Branch, deputy director of the National Center for Science Education, called the publication "a definitive statement from a leading scientific authority about the scientific bankruptcy of intelligent design creationism."
Praise for the publication was received from Lawrence Krauss and editorials in "Nature", "New Scientist", and several newspapers.

</doc>
<doc id="18683756" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18683756" title="Filippo De Grassi">
Filippo De Grassi

Filippo "Philip" De Grassi (1793–1877) was an Italian soldier of fortune and influential player in the Rebellion of 1837 in Upper Canada.
De Grassi was born in Rome, Italy in 1793 and served as a Captain in Napoleon’s French Army during the Peninsular War. 
During the war De Grassi was captured by the British and shipped to England. It was there he obtained a commission in the York Light Infantry Volunteers regiment of the British Army. 
He was sent to the British West Indies and served there from 1812 to 1815. After his tour, he return to England and made a living by teaching languages. In 1831 De Grassi and his family moved to Canada and settled in York, Upper Canada.
A father, his involvement in the Family Compact came via two of his daughters, Cornelia De Grassi (d. 1885) and Charlotte De Grassi (d. 1872), whom were romantically involved in this powerful political clan. In Canada De Grassi was involved in the local militia. He later moved to Lindsay, Ontario, where he died in 1877.
De Grassi Street in Toronto was named in his honour; the name has gained international recognition through the "Degrassi" television series.

</doc>
<doc id="18683764" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18683764" title="Live Across America">
Live Across America

Live Across America is The Rippingtons' second live album (preceded by 1992's Live in L.A.) which was released in 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="18683791" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18683791" title="Campaign against Yuan Shu">
Campaign against Yuan Shu

The campaign against Yuan Shu was a punitive expedition that took place between 197 and 199 in the late Eastern Han Dynasty. The campaign was initiated by the Han government against the Zhong Dynasty of Yuan Shu, after Yuan declared himself "Son of Heaven", an act perceived as treason against Emperor Xian, the nominal Han ruler. The campaign concluded with the defeat of Yuan Shu and collapse of the Zhong regime.
Background.
The Imperial Seal, a symbol of the Emperor's authority, was lost in Luoyang when Dong Zhuo ravaged the city. Sun Jian, a member of the coalition against Dong Zhuo found the Imperial Seal by chance in the ruins of Luoyang and kept it for himself. Sun Jian was a general under Yuan Shu at this time, so when Yuan heard that Sun had acquired the Seal, he held Sun's wife hostage and forced Sun to pass the Seal to him.
Around 196, when Sun Jian's son and successor Sun Ce was attacking territories in Jiangdong, Yuan Shu perceived his control over southern China as secure. In early 197, he hurriedly declared himself a "Son of Heaven" (i.e. Emperor), starting a new Zhong (仲) dynasty in Huainan. Yuan Shu's action was viewed as treason against the Han emperor, causing Sun Ce to break ties with him which may have given other warlords a reason to attack his regime. The imperial court, which was under Cao Cao's control then, issued edicts to Sun Ce and Lü Bu, urging them to take aggressive action against Yuan Shu.
The campaign.
Upon receiving news that Yuan Shu had declared himself a "Son of Heaven", Sun Ce sent letters to his uncle Wu Jing and cousin Sun Ben, who both served under Yuan Shu, as an administrator and general, respectively, asking them to sever relations with him. Both Wu Jing and Sun Ben responded to Sun Ce's call and defected to him. As a consequence, Yuan Shu lost Guangling and the territories conquered by Sun Ce in Jiangdong, dramatically reducing his influence in southern China. Meanwhile, Lü Bu defeated Yuan Shu's forces at the north of the Huai River and pillaged the area. In an effort to turn the tide, Yuan Shu sent an army to invade Chen, but was defeated by Han forces led by Cao Cao. Yuan Shu then relocated his base to south of the Huai River.
When Yuan Shu's influence had been reduced to a minimal, internal conflict arose among the members of the alliance formed against him. Lü Bu, upon request from Yuan Shu, attacked Liu Bei, who received support from Cao Cao to fight back. The conflict led to the Battle of Xiapi in 198, fought between the allied forces of Cao Cao and Liu Bei against Lü Bu. Facing a dire situation, Lü Bu turned to Yuan Shu for aid. Yuan Shu sent only about 1,000 cavalry to reinforce Lü Bu, but the force was defeated before it reached Xiapi. As Lü Bu's downfall seemed inevitable, Yuan Shu sent messengers to incite the Shanyue tribes and bandit leader Zu Lang to attack Sun Ce. Sun Ce defeated the enemy and continued to strengthen his influence in Jiangdong.
On the other hand, Yuan Shu's was faring badly; his treasury was empty and his military was too weak to resist an invasion or suppress a rebellion. As a result, Yuan Shu opted to incinerate his palace complexes and escape to the Qian hills, where two of his former followers, Lei Bo and Chen Lan, were currently hiding. However, Lei Bo and Chen Lan refused to accept Yuan Shu, so Yuan Shu wrote to his clansman Yuan Shao, promising to give Yuan Shao the Imperial Seal if the latter would help him. In response, Yuan Shao dispatched his son, Yuan Tan, to escort Yuan Shu to Qing Province (covering present-day Shandong). Cao Cao sent Liu Bei and Zhu Ling to intercept Yuan Shu while Yuan was en route to Qing Province, so Yuan had no choice but to turn back to Huainan. Yuan Shu eventually died of illness on the way back to his capital Shouchun.
Aftermath.
Yuan Shu's family went to rely on Yuan Shu's former follower Liu Xun, while his other followers Yang Hong and Zhang Xun planned to surrender to Sun Ce, but Liu Xun had them captured and held in Lujiang. In 199, Sun Ce defeated Liu Xun and conquered Lujiang, freeing Yuan Shu's family and men.
Modern references.
The campaign is featured in the sixth and seventh instalments of the video game series "Dynasty Warriors" produced by Koei.

</doc>
<doc id="18683804" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18683804" title="Mónica Noguera">
Mónica Noguera

Mónica Noguera Flores (born February 27, 1971 in Mexico City) is a Mexican television personality.
Biography.
Noguera started her television career in the Mexican TV network TeleHit hosting "Top 25", which presented the channel's best videos. After that she worked at "Espacio Alternativo", "Top Ten" and then she had the opportunity to help all the new groups that were appearing, without forgetting her work at the program "Al fin de semana".
As she commented: "To travel is one of the marvellous things that this job has given me, to be able to meet so many places y cultures worldwide... these trips give you a very different way to perceive life".
She is a regular guest reporting for "Al rojo vivo con María Celeste".
Noguera was married to Telehit's main producer Memo del Bosque, but they divorced.
Her second marriage is with a German business man and they both live in Miami.

</doc>
<doc id="18683830" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18683830" title="Spednic Lake">
Spednic Lake

Spednic Lake (sometimes Spednik Lake or Spednick Lake) is a mesotrophic lake in the Chiputneticook Lakes chain along the Canada–United States border between the state of Maine and the province of New Brunswick that is best known for its bass fishing. Sometimes it is viewed as the headwaters of the St. Croix River, sometimes a lake further up the chain is considered the headwaters. The international border runs through the lake. A northeastern arm of the lake, located entirely in Canada, retains the name Palfrey Lake. Prior to dam construction that expanded Spednic Lake they were separate lakes, but now they are hydrologically and ecologically a single combined lake. 
The first dam at the outlet of the lake was constructed in 1836 with a impoundment level. Over the years, the dam has been modified and is now known as the Vanceboro Dam, which is owned and operated by the Georgia-Pacific pulp and paper company. Waterflow from this dam and others upstream are regulated by the International St. Croix River Board that is appointed by the International Joint Commission between the United States and Canada.
The lake shores are primarily undeveloped, and held in conservation or protected status, either through land ownership or easement, by the state of Maine and the province of New Brunswick. Small portions remain in private hands. The principal access in Maine is via a public boat launch in the town of Vanceboro. Canoes can also be portaged from elsewhere in the watershed.
Fish and history.
Sport fishing on the lake, as well as on others in the watershed, is a major source of economic activity in the region. The three primary fisheries are for smallmouth bass, landlocked salmon, and white perch. Other fish species in the lake of potential interest to fishermen include brown bullhead (locally known as hornpout), burbot (locally known as cusk), chain pickerel, lake whitefish, pumpkinseed, rainbow smelt, and yellow perch. Bait and other fish species in the lake include American eel, common shiner, creek chub, fallfish, golden shiner, landlocked alewives, ninespine stickleback, pearl dace, and white sucker.
The lake is renowned for a smallmouth bass fishery. The bass had been introduced into the watershed in the 1800s and became firmly established on their own. The lake was noted for its exceptional fishery in several outdoor magazines of national publication over the years. In the 1980s this fishery largely collapsed, for reasons that are debated, but are most likely the combined effect of rebounding alewife populations following a downstream fishway modification and large lake water level drawdowns. Simultaneous changes in anadromous fish access and the water management regime, plus a temporary closure to bass fishing, have allowed it to largely rebound and be reopened for fishing, though the number of large old trophy fish remains low enough that the fishery is viewed as still recovering.
There is also a mixed native and stocked landlocked salmon fishery in select portions of the lake, including the Palfrey Lake arm. Those interested in fishing for salmon are advised to hire a local guide. The landlocked salmon population has suffered since landlocked alewives were illegally introduced in 1997, probably from the Great Lakes.
Archaeological evidence from roughly 2,000 B.C. shows that American shad and anadromous alewife were passing through the lake and being caught at Mud Lake Falls on the main inlet to the lake. As this falls is judged impassible to alewives, this species was spawning in the lake. Due to the bass fishery collapse, the fishway over the Vanceboro dam was modified in 1988 to prevent alewife access while continuing to allow salmon access. Legislative battles in 2001 and 2008 were about restoring alewife access below the Vanceboro dam, not about restoring them to Spednic Lake, but the history of fisheries in Spednic Lake was a large driver of the discussion, and more than a third of the alewife habitat in the St. Croix watershed is in or above Spednic Lake.
In 1861, draft dodgers from the American Civil War, founded a settlement known as the Musquash settlement overlooking the southeastern end of the lake on Skaddle ridge. It thrived through 1871, and dwindled thereafter. It is now an archaeological site and a small village known as Pemberton Ridge. 

</doc>
<doc id="18683855" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18683855" title="K-Swift">
K-Swift

Khia Danielle Edgerton (October 19, 1978 – July 21, 2008), better known by the stage name K-Swift, was an American DJ, MC, radio personality and entrepreneur.
Early years.
Born to Joseph and Juanita Edgerton, K-Swift was raised in Randallstown, Maryland. She graduated from Randallstown High School in 1996 and went on to intern at 92Q after a brief stint at Catonsville Community College.
Entertainment career.
She began interning at 92Q when she was 18, and worked her way through the ranks at the station until she earned a co-hosting position in 1998. The show,"OFF THE HOOK RADIO" along with her co-host Squirrel Wyde is the number one radio show in all of Baltimore.
Entrepreneurship.
Along with DJing at all of the popular clubs in Baltimore, as well as throwing her own parties, K-Swift owned and operated Club Queen Entertainment, a roster of well known partying dj's and hosts which had a hold on the scene and still a hold on the prominent parties in the Baltimore area. K-Swift also began a Graphics Company and the Next Level Management Company, and maintained a record pool and sold her mixtapes online.
Music career.
K-Swift released her discs through Baltimore based company, Unruly Records (as well as Next Level). Her albums were so popular and had such an enormous following in the area, that she outsold mainstream artists such as Soulja Boy Tell 'Em.
Death.
On Sunday July 20, 2008, just a day after she performed at Baltimore's Artscape, K-Swift hosted a pool party at her house. During the early morning of Monday, July 21, K-Swift reportedly jumped into her above ground pool. Police reports state that there were about seven people in the pool at the time. When she did not resurface, she was pulled out and placed on an adjoining metal frame deck. K-Swift was later transported to Good Samaritan Hospital where she was pronounced dead.
Awards.
2001 - Best DJ, Awarded by Baltimore City Paper
2004 - Best Club DJ, Awarded by Baltimore City Paper 
2005 - Best Club DJ, Awarded by Baltimore City Paper
2006 - Best Club DJ, Awarded by Baltimore City Paper

</doc>
<doc id="18683863" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18683863" title="Field hockey at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Men's tournament">
Field hockey at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Men's tournament

The men's field hockey tournament at the 2008 Summer Olympics was the 21st edition of the field hockey event for men at the Summer Olympic Games. It was held over a thirteen-day period beginning on 11 August, and culminating with the medal finals on 23 August. All games were played at the hockey field constructed on the Olympic Green in Beijing, China.
Germany won the gold medal for the third time after defeating Spain 1–0 in the final. Australia won the bronze medal by defeating Netherlands 6–2.
Competition format.
The twelve teams in the tournament were divided into two pools of six, with each team initially playing round-robin games within their pool. Following the completion of the round-robin, the top two teams from each pool advance to the semifinals. All other teams play classification matches to determine the final tournament rankings. The two semi-final winners meet for the gold medal match, while the semi-final losers play in the bronze medal match.
Qualification.
Each of the continental champions from five federations and host received an automatic berth. The European and Asian federations received two and one extra quotas respectively based upon the FIH World Rankings at the completion of the 2006 World Cup. In addition to the three teams qualifying through the Olympic Qualifying Tournaments, the following twelve teams, shown with final pre-tournament rankings, competed in this tournament.
Umpires.
Fifteen umpires for the men's event were appointed by the FIH. During each match, a video umpire was used to assist the on-field umpires in determining if a goal had been legally scored.
Results.
"All times are China Standard Time ()"

</doc>
<doc id="18683876" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18683876" title="Round the Table Again">
Round the Table Again

"'Round the Table Again" is the title of a recording by American folk music and country blues artist Doc Watson and Frosty Morn, released in 2002. The group, Frosty Morn, was formed by Watson's son Merle shortly before his death in 1985.
Personnel.
Production notes: Re-issue

</doc>
<doc id="18683943" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18683943" title="Masami Yokoyama">
Masami Yokoyama

Masami Yokoyama (横山雅美 "Yokoyama Masami", born December 12, 1981) is a Japanese volleyball player who plays for Igtisadchi Baku.

</doc>
<doc id="18683970" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18683970" title="The River Why (film)">
The River Why (film)

The River Why is a 2010 American independent drama film directed by Matthew Leutwyler. It is an adaptation of the 1983 Sierra Club novel of the same name by David James Duncan and stars Zach Gilford, William Hurt and Amber Heard. Showtime broadcast the film in August 2011 and was later screened in the United States as benefit for fish and river conservation groups. The film was released on Blu-ray and DVD on November 8, 2011.
Synopsis.
"The River Why" is an adaptation of the 1983 Sierra Club novel by David James Duncan. The coming-of-age tale centers on a young man named Augustine "Gus" Orviston (Zach Gilford) and his quest for an elusive rainbow trout, which is a metaphor for the man's internal search for self-knowledge. Amber Heard plays his love interest, a tomboy fly-fisher named Eddy.
Production.
Since April 30, 2008, the film rights to "The River Why" have become the subject of a lawsuit by novelist Duncan, alleging copyright infringement among other issues. The lawsuit was settled and the case dismissed in November 2008.
In June 2008, actors William Hurt and Amber Heard joined the cast; filming began in Portland, Oregon in July 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="18683996" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18683996" title="Field hockey at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Women's tournament">
Field hockey at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Women's tournament

The women's field hockey tournament at the 2008 Summer Olympics was the 8th edition of the field hockey event for women at the Summer Olympic Games. It was held over a thirteen-day period beginning on 10 August, and culminating with the medal finals on 22 August. All games were played at the hockey field constructed on the Olympic Green in Beijing, China.
The Netherlands won the gold medal for the second time after defeating China 2–0 in the final. Argentina won the bronze medal by defeating Germany 3–1.
Competition format.
The twelve teams in the tournament were divided into two pools of six, with each team initially playing round-robin games within their pool. Following the completion of the round-robin, the top two teams from each pool advance to the semifinals. All other teams play classification matches to determine the final tournament rankings. The two semi-final winners meet for the gold medal match, while the semi-final losers play in the bronze medal match.
Qualification.
Each of the continental champions from five federations and host received an automatic berth. The European federation received two extra quotas, while the Asian and Oceanian federations both received one extra quota, based upon the FIH World Rankings at the completion of the 2006 World Cup. In addition to the three teams qualifying through the Olympic Qualifying Tournaments, the following twelve teams, shown with final pre-tournament rankings, competed in this tournament.
Umpires.
Fifteen umpires for the women's event were appointed by the FIH. During each match, a video umpire was used to assist the on-field umpires in determining if a goal had been legally scored.
Results.
"All times are China Standard Time ()"

</doc>
<doc id="18684004" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18684004" title="Let It Ripp">
Let It Ripp

Let It Ripp is The Rippingtons' twelfth album which was released in 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="18684033" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18684033" title="Oron (state)">
Oron (state)

Oron was one of the major states in the Akwa Akpa Kingdom of present-day Nigeria. Oron people share a close ancestral lineage to the Efik people in Cross River State; Ibono, Uruan, Eastern Obolo in Akwa Ibom State and the Andoni (Obolo) people in Rivers State. The Oron people (Örö) are a major ethnic group in Akwa Ibom State, Nigeria.
Geography and Government.
The Oron Nation is an ethnic nationality which is said to have migrated from the east through Central Eastern Africa (around the Congos) and through the Southern regions of the Camerouns to present-day area of South-Southern Nigeria. The Oro land and its people consist of 9 Clans called Afaha. They are the Afaha Okpo, Afaha Ukwong, Ebughu, Afaha Ibighi, Effiat, Afaha Ubodung, Etta, Afaha Oki-uso, and Afaha Idua (Iluhe).
The geopolitical restructuring of the State and Local Government creation has seen the Oron Nation become politically fragmented into two states in Nigeria, namely Cross River and Akwa Ibom State. As a result, Oron is made up of 5 Local Government Areas (LGAs) in Akwa Ibom State and one LGA in Cross River State. These include: Mbo LGA, Oron LGA, Okobo LGA, Urue-offong Oruko LGA and Udung Uko LGA of Akwa Ibom state; and Bakassi LGA of Cross River State. 
Traditionally, the Oron people have a King known as the Ahta Örö. The Ahta has all the Ofong (also known as Ivong or Ifong) Afha and Paramount rulers as members of his traditional Ruling Council. There are high chiefs such as the Ikpoto, Akpha and Okete Okete which are also recognized by the Ahta's council. 
Today, the President General of the Oron Union worldwide is usually regarded as the administrative head of the Oron Nation and second-in-command at the Ahta's traditional's Ruling Council.
Language.
The Oron people speak a dialect known as "Örö" by the Oronians, but widely called "Oron", an anglicized spelling and pronunciation. Many Oron people are also fluent in the Efik dialect. Örö has many dialectical similarities with the Ibibio and Annang people, hence many Oronians can communicate proficiently in Ibibio and Annang languages.
The phonemes of Oron comprise seven oral vowels í, ε, e, a, o, σ, u, five plosive consonants b, kp, d, t, k, three nasal consonants m, ŋ, n, three fricative consonants f, s, h, two semi-vowel consonants w, y and one lateral consonant l. The lateral consonant is an unusual feature of Oro and it is not found in most neighbouring varieties.
The Oron language does not possess any affixes or verb forms to express passive actions; 'he is received' becomes 'they receive him'. Finally, it may be noted that the relative order of the simple Oron sentence is subject-verb-object.
History.
The migration pattern of Oron people was similar to that of the Efik Eburutu people. In fact, Efik people regard the Oron people as part of the larger community of Calabar people.
Some quarters also relate Oron and Efik people with Eket (Ekid) people because of very close dialect relationships, especially in the days of the Okpo Ekid. But today, many Oron people avoid such history, although they will accept the fact that they share the same ancestral history with the Ibono, who dwell among the Ekids. The relationship of the Oron with Eket is said to have gone sour when Eket under the regime of Brigadier General U.J. Esuene agreed to be a sub-group of the Ibibio Nation to gain political relevance and advantage. Brig. U.J. Esuene was also said to deny Oron people the opportunity to locate the Exxon Mobil first terminal in Mbo and Effiat.
Oron people encountered Western education relatively early compared to their Southern Nigeria counterparts with the establishment of the Hope Waddell Training Institute, Calabar in 1895 and the Methodist Boys High School, Oron in 1905. These are the oldest schools in the history of Nigeria.
Culture and traditions.
The Oron people have a unique culture and tradition. The Ekpe Society is used in Oron land as the traditional authority. Other ruling secret societies include: the Ekpo, Abang, Edeme awan nkwho, Ekon, Afikegit, Konkoma, Mbok, Ababa, and Nnabo. All these cultural attributes, alongside the Oron people's hospitality, arts, food, and oil and gas minerals attract tourism and commerce.
The Oron people have a very colourful mode of traditional dressing with a piece of fabric called the Iyara (usually red in colour). The red Iyara is usually worn with a white tailored traditional shirt and wrap-around (wrapper) fabric common to people all over the South-Southern regions Nigeria. Sometimes this attire is combined with a rich native tie, usually a colourful silk fabric worn around the neck. These attires are also commonly worn by the Efik, Ibibios and Annang ethnic groups, except that the Annang and Ibibio people do not wear a red Iyara.
Political Economy.
Since the creation of the Oron Union in 1925, Oron people are one of the most formidable and vocal groups in the Southern region of Nigeria. Oron is one of the three major political forces in Akwa Ibom State today. 
Since the 1990s, Oron people have been trying to situate the Oron Union in a position to control its political and economic interests. In the past, the Oron Union put up such organizing structures as the Central Working Committee (CWC), Esumbuke Oron, and quite recently, the Oron Think-Tank initiative to address its political aspirations. Overall, Unions in Oron have achieved little success based on the political expectations of most Oron indigenes.
Oron is rich in natural resources including oil and gas. The area has high prospects for increased oil exploration because it has been rated as having one of the highest natural gas deposits in sub-Saharan Africa.

</doc>
<doc id="18684047" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18684047" title="Anthony Delon">
Anthony Delon

Anthony Delon (born September 30, 1964) is a French-American actor, and son of actors Alain Delon and Nathalie Delon (Francine Canovas).
Biography.
Delon is the former boyfriend of Princess Stéphanie of Monaco. He married Sophie Clerico in June 27, 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="18684054" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18684054" title="Love and Honor">
Love and Honor

Plot.
Shinnojo, a low level samurai, lives with his pretty, dutiful and loyal wife Kayo. He has come to find his position in a castle as a food-taster for a feudal lord to be boring and pointless, and talks about opening a kendo school open to boys of all castes where he can teach the use of the sword. Before he can act on his dream he becomes ill with a fever after tasting some sashimi made from shell fish, but an investigation reveals that the poisoning was not due to a human conspiracy, but a poor choice of food out of season. After three days he awakes but finds that the toxin from the food has blinded him. Kayo is summoned by Shinnojo's family to explain how the couple will survive. His uncle laments that he no longer knows anybody with influence in the castle, and asks Kayo if she knows of anybody. She relates how Toya Shimada, the chief duty officer in the castle and a samurai of high rank, offered to help and they tell her to act upon his offer of assistance. A message from the castle brings the good news that Shinnojo's stipend of rice will remain the same, and for life but his aunt tells him that Kayo was seen with another man. He has Tokuhei, his faithful servant, follow her. Kayo notices that she is being followed, and although Tokuhei offers to cover for her, she reveals to Shinnojo that Shimada offered to help but with a price, shown when he forced himself upon her. He then solicited three additional trysts by threatening to tell Shinnojo about the first. An enraged Shinnojo divorces her and orders her out of his house. When it is revealed to him that Shimada had nothing to do with maintaining his stipend, but that it came out of gratitude from the lord of the clan himself, Shinnojo seeks to renew his skill with the sword as a blind man to avenge the dishonor of Kayo. Through Tokuhei, he sends a message to Shimada to set up a duel, with the additional message to not underestimate him. The two samurai meet at the stables near the river to decide their destinies. In the subsequent fight Shinnojo cuts off Shimada's arm. He leaves Shimada to live a horribly disfigured life, telling Tokuhei that he has now avenged Kayo's dishonor. The next day Shinnojo is informed that the injured Shimada refused to tell anyone what had happened or who injured him in the duel. That night Shimada committed seppuku and killed himself, as a samurai cannot live with only one arm. He dies without anyone knowing of his sin against the Mimura family, his violation of Kayo, or his own dishonorable injury by a blinded man. Tokuhei tells Shinnojo he has found a girl to work in the kitchen and cook for him. After one taste of the girl's food, Shinnojo recognizes his wife's cooking, and calls Kayo to come into the house. Shinnojo and Kayo reconcile, with an understanding that they will begin their life together anew.
Home media.
The film was released in DVD by Funimation in 2008. It is both in English dialogue and in the original Japanese dialogue with English subtitles.

</doc>
<doc id="18684057" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18684057" title="Biofortification">
Biofortification

Biofortification is the idea of breeding crops to increase their nutritional value. This can be done either through conventional selective breeding, or through genetic engineering. Biofortification differs from ordinary fortification because it focuses on making plant foods more nutritious as the plants are growing, rather than having nutrients added to the foods when they are being processed. This is an improvement on ordinary fortification when it comes to providing nutrients for the rural poor, who rarely have access to commercially fortified foods. As such, biofortification is seen as an upcoming strategy for dealing with deficiencies of micronutrients in the developing world. In the case of iron, WHO estimated that biofortification could help curing the 2 billion people suffering from iron deficiency-induced anemia. 
Methodology.
Plants are bred using one of two main methods:
Selective breeding.
Using this method, plant breeders search seed or germplasm banks for existing varieties of crops which are naturally high in nutrients. They then crossbreed these high-nutrient varieties with high-yielding varieties of crops, to provide a seed with high yields and increased nutritional value. Crops must be bred with sufficient amounts of nutrients to have a measurable positive impact on human health. As such, they must be developed with the involvement of nutritionists who study whether the consumers of the improved crop can absorb the extra nutrients, and the extent to which storage, processing, and cooking of the crops affect their available nutrient levels. 
This method is prevalent at present, as it is quicker, cheaper, and less controversial than genetically engineering crops. For example, HarvestPlus, a major NGO in the development of biofortified crops primarily use conventional breeding techniques, and have not yet spent more than 15% of their research budget on genetically modified crops when conventional methods fail to meet nutritional requirements.
Genetic modification.
Golden Rice is an example of a GM crop developed for its nutritional value. The latest version of Golden Rice contains genes from a common soil bacterium Erwinia and maize, and contains increased levels of beta-carotene which can be converted by the body into vitamin A. Golden Rice is being developed as a potential new way to address vitamin A deficiency.
Uses.
Developing world.
Deficiencies of various micronutrients, including vitamin A, zinc, and iron are common in the developing world and affect billions of people. These can lead to, amongst other symptoms, a higher incidence of blindness, a weaker immune system, stunted growth and impaired cognitive development. The poor, particularly the rural poor, tend to subsist on a diet of staple crops such as rice, wheat and maize, which are low in these micronutrients, and most cannot afford or efficiently cultivate enough fruits, vegetables or meat products that are necessary to obtain healthy levels of these nutrients. As such, increasing the micronutrient levels in staple crops can help prevent and reduce the micronutrient deficiencies – in one trial in Mozambique, eating sweet potatoes biofortified with beta-carotene reduced the incidence of vitamin A deficiency in children by 24%.
This approach may have advantages over other health interventions such as providing foods fortified after processing, or providing supplements. Although these approaches have proven successful when dealing with the urban poor, they tend to require access to effective markets and healthcare systems which often just do not exist in rural areas. Biofortification is also fairly cost effective after an initial large research investment – where seeds can be distributed, the “implementation costs growing biofortified foods are nil or negligible”, as opposed to supplementation which is comparatively expensive and requires continued financing over time, which may be jeopardized by fluctuating political interest.
Research on this approach is being undertaken internationally, with major efforts ongoing in Brazil, China and India.
Developed world.
Biofortified foods may also be useful for increasing micronutrient uptake in high-income countries. An example of this trend would be research into grain with higher levels of selenium, which, amongst other benefits, helps prevent prostate cancer. Researchers at the University of Warwick have been looking for ways to boost the low selenium levels in British grains, and have been working to help develop a grain to be used in making bread biofortified with selenium.
Problems.
Some people, while not opposed to biofortification itself, are critical of genetically modified foods, including biofortified ones such as golden rice.
There may occasionally be difficulties in getting biofortified foods to be accepted if they have different characteristics to their unfortified counterparts. For example, vitamin A enhanced foods are often dark yellow or orange in color – this for example is problematic for many in Africa, where white maize is eaten by humans and yellow maize is negatively associated with animal feed or food aid, or where white-fleshed sweet potato is preferred to its moister, orange-fleshed counterpart. Some qualities may be relatively simple to mitigate or breed out of biofortified crops according to consumer demand, such as the moistness of the sweet potato, whereas others cannot be.
Where this is the case, care must be taken to convince the local farmers and consumers that the crop in question is worth growing and consuming. This can be done through improving the cultivation qualities of the plant, for example making the orange sweet-potato mature earlier than its white-fleshed cousin so it can be taken to market earlier. It can also be done through public health education, making the benefits of eating biofortified foods apparent to consumers. Trials suggest that the rural poor “will consume biofortified versions of food staples even if the color of the food has been changed…if they are educated as to the benefit”. While other micronutrients such as zinc or iron can be added to crops without noticeably changing their taste or appearance, some researchers emphasize the importance of ensuring that consumers do not think that their food has been altered without their authorization or knowledge.
Some have criticized biofortification programs because they may encourage “further simplification of human diets and food systems”, because “is a strategy that aims to concentrate more nutrients in few staple foods may contribute to further simplifying diets already overly dependant on a few carbohydrate staples.” This may seem irresponsible, as lack of access to a diverse and balanced diet is the major cause of malnutrition. As a result these critics urge caution, and the use of biofortification as part of a larger strategy involving diversification of foods in the developing world. Advocates of biofortification accept this as a long term strategy, but warn that substantially increasing diet diversity will take “many decades and untold billions of dollars”, and that biofortification could be an effective strategy to help reduce micronutrient malnutrition.

</doc>
<doc id="18684132" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18684132" title="Scroggs">
Scroggs

Scroggs is a surname found most commonly in the UK and USA. It originates from a Scottish Gaelic word meaning "small tree" or "large bush". 
Scroggs may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18684142" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18684142" title="Rogers Corporation">
Rogers Corporation

Rogers Corporation is an American specialty materials company with headquarters located in Rogers, Connecticut. In 1832, Peter Rogers founded the company, which started out as a materials manufacturer for the textile industry. Rogers is known as one of the oldest public companies in America, and has a great standing of innovation and collaborative problem solving with its customers. Originally a paperboard manufacturing company, Rogers has formed into a major global materials technology leader, creating a variety of high-technology devices and systems. Rogers, as of 2013, has 2,400 full-time employees both in the U.S. and around the world in Japan, Taiwan, Singapore, Korea, China, Germany and Belgium. Since its inception, Rogers has been known for sticking to a set of Values that guide the company’s actions. 
Corporate Governance.
Bruce D. Hoechner, President and Chief Executive Officer
Dennis M. Loughran, Vice President Finance and Chief Financial Officer
Robert C. Daigle, Senior Vice President - Research and Development and Chief Technology Officer
Paul B. Middleton, Corporate Controller
Robert M. Soffer, Vice President, Treasurer, and Secretary

</doc>
<doc id="18684166" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18684166" title="Pompone de Bellièvre">
Pompone de Bellièvre

Pompone de Bellièvre (1606–1657) was a French magistrate, ambassador and statesman, ending his career as first president of the Parlement of Paris, from 1653 to 1657.
Life.
Bellièvre was the son, nephew, and grandson of eminent men. Both of his grandfathers, Pomponne de Bellièvre and Nicolas Brulart de Sillery (1544–1624), served as Chancellor of France. His father, Nicolas de Bellièvre (1583–1650), was "Procureur général" and also "Président à mortier" of the Parlement and one of the thirty "Conseillers d'État" of France.
Bellièvre himself became the head of the magistracy of France, ambassador to England, and in his last years the first President of the Parlement of Paris. While Bellièvre was in England, Cardinal Mazarin gave him the hopeless task of making peace between King Charles I and the Long Parliament.
Bellièvre married Marie de Bullion, lady of La Grange-au-Bois, daughter of Claude de Bullion, but they had no surviving children. His brother, Pierre de Bellièvre, seigneur of Grignon, abbé of Saint-Vincent de Metz, was French ambassador to Scotland during his own mission to England.
Bellièvre became one of the greatest benefactors of the "Hôpital général de Paris", founded in 1656. This was nearer to being a gigantic almshouse than to the modern concept of a hospital and set out to house the astonishing number of forty thousand Parisians, about a tenth of the city's population, the men at Bicêtre, and the women at La Salpêtrière. All of the poor were to be gathered together on clean premises, to be cared for, educated and given an occupation. The new institution benefited from huge donations from Fouquet, Mazarin and Bellièvre, but sadly it did not turn out as hoped.
The biographer Louis Gabriel Michaud says of Bellièvre:
This illustrious family was extinguished in the person of Pompone de Bellièvre, son of Nicolas and first President of the Parlement of Paris, who died in 1657 without posterity after having deployed great talents on diplomatic missions in Italy, England, and Holland. This worthy magistrate, enriched by his wife, who was the daughter of the Superintendent Bullion, lived in great magnificence, which did not prevent him from founding the General Hospital of Paris. Before this, the poor had lived and died deprived of all help, spiritual or temporal. They found both in this new refuge.
Character.
According to the panegyric spoken at Bellièvre's funeral, and later printed, he possessed "pure glory and innocent riches" and was incorruptible, not to be bought at any price. He showed "...charity for the wretched, a vehemence just and inflexible to the dishonest and wicked, with a sweetness noble and beneficent for all". He also had a pleasant and gracious address, with intellectual and charming conversation and an agreeable and intelligent silence.
Likeness.
A lifelike portrait of a 34-year-old Bellièvre by Anthony van Dyck, is in the collection of the Seattle Art Museum. Throughout much of its history, this work was believed to be by Bartholomeus van der Helst and the sitter remained unidentified, until scholars discovered otherwise. Bellièvre's attire was de rigueur in 17th century France.
Bellièvre's portrait "(pictured above)", painted by Charles Le Brun, was engraved by Robert Nanteuil in 1657 and is surrounded by the Latin inscription "POMPONIVS DE BELLIEVRE, SENATVS GALLIARVM PRINCEPS", with a plate size of 327 x 251 mm. Of Nanteuil's work, this has been called "foremost among his masterpieces, and a chief masterpiece of art, being, in the judgment of more than one connoisseur, the most beautiful engraved portrait that exists." Louis Thies wrote of it in March, 1858:
When I call Nanteuil's Pompone the handsomest engraved portrait, I express a conviction to which I came when I studied all the remarkable engraved portraits at the royal cabinet of engravings at Dresden, and at the large and exquisite collection there of the late King of Saxony, and in which I was confirmed or perhaps, to which I was led, by the director of the two establishments, the late Professor Frenzel... There is an air of refinement, "vornehmheit", round the mouth and nose as in no other engraving. Color and life shine through the skin, and the lips appear red.
In his "The Best Portraits in Engraving", Charles Sumner says of Nanteuil's "POMPONIVS DE BELLIEVRE":
No doubt there have been as handsome men, whose portraits were engraved, but not so well. I know not if Pompone was what would be called a handsome man, although his air is noble and his countenance bright. But among portraits more boldly, delicately, or elaborately engraved, there are very few to contest the palm of beauty.

</doc>
<doc id="18684174" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18684174" title="Wild Card (The Rippingtons album)">
Wild Card (The Rippingtons album)

Wild Card is The Rippingtons' thirteenth album which was released in 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="18684185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18684185" title="Richard Cleaver">
Richard Cleaver

Richard Cleaver AM CBE (16 August 1917 – 25 October 2006) was an Australian politician. Born in Perth, Western Australia, he was educated at Perth Modern School before becoming a chartered secretary and accountant, and then a management consultant. He served in the military 1941-1946. In 1955, he was elected to the Australian House of Representatives as the Liberal member for Swan. He held the seat until his defeat in 1969. Cleaver died in 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="18684212" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18684212" title="UFO Collective">
UFO Collective

UFO Collective
Seminal South African Rave organization established in Cape Town in 1990 by Carl Mason and Jesse Stagg.
Key members of the collective were UK artist Nik Jevons, Massimo Loi, Jerome Wagner, DJ Will Hutton (aka DJ Will Travel) and UK DJ Chris Powell.
UFO collective was responsible for staging the first African rave the World Peace Party in 1991 and conceiving Africa's first dedicated House Music club Eden.
UFO Collective's offshoot design group was the Paint Possee. Specializing in a number of interior design projects, murals and other public arts projects, the Paint Possee had a vivid post-modern psychedelic style based heavily on ancient Mayan artwork. The number of e's at the end of the word 'Posse' signed in a mural or artwork, indicated the amount of artists in this loose arts collective at any given time.

</doc>
<doc id="18684234" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18684234" title="Adrian Bennett">
Adrian Bennett

Adrian Frank Bennett (21 January 1933 – 9 May 2006) was an Australian politician. Born in Perth, Western Australia, he was educated at Catholic schools before becoming a transport worker. He was secretary of the Transport Workers' Union and also sat on the councils of Canning Shire and its successor Canning Town. In 1969, he was elected to the Australian House of Representatives as the Labor member for Swan, defeating sitting Liberal member Richard Cleaver. He held the seat until his defeat in 1975. Bennett died in 2006.
In later life he was a follower of the American conspiracy theorist Lyndon LaRouche and was a candidate with the LaRouchite Curtin Labor Alliance, affiliated with the Citizens Electoral Council.

</doc>
<doc id="18684236" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18684236" title="Hornet (car)">
Hornet (car)

The Hornet is a Lotus Seven copy built by T&J Sportscars. The Hornet was created by T&J Sportscars and was designed to take the majority of components from the Ford Cortina mk 3, 4 or 5. This means there is a choice of 1300/ 1600 OHV Kent or OHC 1600/2000 OHC Pinto Ford engines. All the running gear is taken from the Cortina, although T&J manufactured front wishbones were an option to replace the Cortina pressed steel items. The only items that need to be modified are the propshaft, which needs to be shortened, and the alternator that needs to be repositioned. 
The body tub uses the same concept as the earlier Locust, and is built from ¾” plywood, using plans supplied by the manufacturer. The wooden tub is then skinned with thin gauge aluminium sheet. The tub is fitted to a ladder chassis supplied by the manufacturer. Unlike the Locust where most other Seven style body components will fit the size of the Hornet meant that the builder is limited to items provided by the manufacturer. 
'"
Specification"'
The Hornet is now manufactured by BWE Sportscars and like the Locust can be built using Ford Sierra components.

</doc>
<doc id="18684246" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18684246" title="21st Fortune">
21st Fortune

21st Fortune is the fourth (third of entirely new music) solo album released by Daisuke Asakura on September 19, 2002. 

</doc>
<doc id="18684250" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18684250" title="List of Therion demo albums">
List of Therion demo albums

The Swedish heavy metal band Therion recorded several demo albums. The following is a chronology of Therion demos:
"Paroxysmal Holocaust" (1989).
Paroxysmal Holocaust is the first of Therion's demo album. The album was released on April 1989 on a cassette, limited to 600 copies.
The album consist of three death metal songs. The song "Bells of Doom" was later included in a 2001 fan-club compilation album named the same as the song, "Bells of Doom".
Recording and production.
"Paroxysmal Holocaust" was recorded during March and April 1989 in the little Swedish 8-track studio Sveastrand. Christofer Johnsson, founder and only all-time band's member, had mixed opinions of this demo album. At the Therion official website he mentioned the band was excited because of the first release ever, although he was very critical to this recording claiming the album "was awful":
Personnel.
<br clear=all>
"Beyond the Darkest Veils of Inner Wickedness" (1989).
Beyond the Darkest Veils of Inner Wickedness is a title of a Therion's 1989 demo. The album was released on November 1989 on a cassette, limited to 500 copies.
The album consist of three death metal songs. Two of them, "Macabre Declension" and "Paroxysmal Holocaust", were later included in 2001 official fan-club compilation "Bells of Doom". Song "Paroxysmal Holocaust" recorded live in Strömstad, Sweden, 1989 was included in 2006 box-set compilation "Celebrators of Becoming". 
Recording and production.
"Beyond the Darkest Veils of Inner Wickedness" was recorded and released in the same year (1989) as the band's first demo album "Paroxysmal Holocaust". The album was recorded in a Swedish 16-track studio.
"Beyond the Darkest..." was the first album where Christofer Johnsson, the only band's all-time member and founder of Therion, started to sing, although after recording he was dissatisfied about produced work and also about quality of the sound:
Personnel.
<br clear=all>
"Time Shall Tell" (1990).
Time Shall Tell is Therion's third and the last demo album. Released as an EP under House of Kicks record store, the album was supposed to be released in 1000 copies, but record store bootlegged another 1000 copies.
The album consists of four death metal songs. The lyrical themes are based around violence and death, human rights, and big corporations (references to Coca-Cola and McDonald's). All songs from the album were included in band's first studio album "Of Darkness...".
Personnel.
<br clear=all>

</doc>
<doc id="18684252" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18684252" title="Violin Concerto No. 4">
Violin Concerto No. 4

Violin Concerto No. 4 may refer to any composers' fourth violin concerto:

</doc>
<doc id="18684267" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18684267" title="List of association football stadiums in Northern Ireland">
List of association football stadiums in Northern Ireland

The following is a list of football stadiums in Northern Ireland, ordered by capacity.

</doc>
<doc id="18684276" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18684276" title="Mei Ami">
Mei Ami

Mei Ami () is a moshav in northern Israel. Located near Wadi Ara around two kilometres south of Umm al-Fahm with an area of 3,500 dunams, it falls under the jurisdiction of Menashe Regional Council. In 2006 it had a population of 270.
The village was established in 1963 as a Nahal settlement, and was civilianised in 1969, becoming a kibbutz. In 1971 it was converted to a moshav shitufi and in 2006 to a moshav ovdim. It is named after Miami, Florida, as the Jewish community in the city helped with its establishment.

</doc>
<doc id="18684297" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18684297" title="Ralph Neves">
Ralph Neves

Ralph P. Neves (August 26, 1916 - July 7, 1995) was an American Hall of Fame jockey in Thoroughbred horse racing. Born in Cape Cod, Massachusetts, Neves won 3,772 races, including 173 stakes, and was elected to the Racing Hall of Fame in 1960. His long career was interrupted only by several injuries and service in the United States Army Cavalry during World War II; a serious back injury suffered in the war bothered him during the rest of his career. He retired in 1964. 
In the early part of his career Neves rode at Santa Anita Park and Longacres Racetrack. By the mid-1930s, he was considered one of the top west coast riders, known for his cocky self-confidence.
Death and Resurrection.
He is best known for an incident at Bay Meadows Racetrack in San Mateo, California on May 8, 1936. After being thrown from his horse, Flannikins, he was pronounced dead and brought to the local hospital morgue, where he was given a shot of adrenaline to the heart. Neves made it back to the racetrack and demanded to be allowed to ride the rest of his mounts that day (he was not permitted to do so until the next day). 
The story has been told many times since, familiar to many jockeys, and as a result has gathered a number of variations. Two different doctors have been said to have given the key injection in two different places, and even Neves' Hall of Fame plaque states incorrectly that he won five races the following day. The incident was covered extensively in local newspapers at the time; the "San Francisco Examiner" is particularly remembered for the headline "Neves, Called Dead in Fall, Denies It."
After his fall, new safety regulations were instituted. Nevertheless, Neves suffered several more injuries in falls, including vision problems, and required brain surgery in 1959. Still known for his individualistic style, he was suspended frequently throughout his career, including a five-day suspension for "careless riding" in 1961, after his Hall of Fame induction. 
Among his other accomplishments, Ralph Neves rode six winners on October 24, 1961 at Bay Meadows Racetrack. In 1954 he was voted the George Woolf Memorial Jockey Award. In addition to his induction in the National Museum of Racing and Hall of Fame, he was elected to the Washington Racing Hall of Fame. [http://www.washingtonthoroughbred.com/WaTbStats/HOF_Neves.htm]
At the time of his retirement in mid-1963 he was one of only eight riders with at least 3000 wins.
Ralph Neves was living in San Marcos, California at the time of his death in 1995.

</doc>
<doc id="18684298" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18684298" title="John Martyr">
John Martyr

John Raymond Martyr (born 25 May 1932) is a former Australian politician. 
Born in Melbourne, he was a political and economic consultant before entering politics. Martyr had a long history of involvement with the Australian Labor Party from his late teens, but due to his involvement with the anti-communist Catholic "Movement" under the aegis of B. A. Santamaria, he was expelled from the ALP. He became an organiser and candidate with the Democratic Labor Party, and on 14 April 1956 married Doris Dent, a local ALP branch secretary and Police Union staffer who was also involved with the Movement. In 1962, John and Doris Martyr moved to Western Australia, where John became State Secretary of the DLP. He eventually joined the Liberal Party, and in 1975, he was elected to the Australian House of Representatives as the Liberal member for Swan, defeating sitting Labor member Adrian Bennett. He held the seat until his defeat by Kim Beazley in 1980. 
On 11 March 1981, he was appointed to the Australian Senate to fill the casual vacancy created by the retirement of Allan Rocher. He was defeated, however, in the 1983 election.

</doc>
<doc id="18684308" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18684308" title="Roxy Miller">
Roxy Miller

Roxanne "Roxy" Miller is a fictional character from the Australian soap opera "Home and Away", played by Lisa Lackey. She made her first screen appearance in the episode broadcast on 13 October 1992 and departed on 9 February 1995.
Casting.
Lackey played Roxanne from 1992 until 1995. Lackey was working as a model when she was approached by the producers of "Home and Away" to play Roxanne. She was due to fly out to Japan when the offer came through. Of her casting, Lackey told an "Inside Soap" writer "It literally came up out of the blue and I thought that acting is what I'd like to be doing in the next couple of years, so I just jumped at the chance."
Development.
Lackey described her character as "independent and strong willed". She stated further that Roxy does what she wants and is a bit of a matchmaker; she wants everyone she knows to be happy. 
After his relationship with Lucinda Croft (Dee Smart) ended, Nick Parrish (Bruce Roberts) fell for Roxy in "a big way". Roxy believed Nick was still in love with Lucinda and she was wary of getting involved with him. When Nick's ex-girlfriend Sandy (Claudia Black) turned up in the Bay, Roxy decided to put him to "a love test", which he passed. Roberts commented that Nick fancied Roxy, but he did not want to get his heart broken again. Roxy eventually shared a "passionate kiss" with Nick and they began a relationship.
Storylines.
Roxy was the product of a brief marriage her parents Les (John Orcsik) and Carol had in their youth. Carol gave her up and she was subsequently adopted by David and Pauline Miller. When she was old enough, Roxy tried to track down her birth parents but Les sent word he wanted nothing to do with her. Roxy's long-lost half-brother Blake Dean (Les Hill) tracks her down. Blake tries to get her to take a job at their father's Restaurant in order for her to get to know Les without him knowing her true identity. The charade fails when Les fires Roxy and later hits her, warning her to stay away from him and his family. Blake takes Roxy back to Summer Bay with him to stay with his foster parents Alf (Ray Meagher) and Ailsa Stewart (Judy Nunn). Roxy begin receiving romantic overtures from local policeman Nick Parrish, but Blake warns her off him, since Nick has recently split from his fiance, Lucinda Croft. Nick's intentions are sincere but Roxy does not plan on staying in the Bay and puts some distance between them. As she is about to leave town, Nick races to the bus stop to persuade Roxy to stay. However, the relationship fizzles out almost immediately; After Nick's brother Shane (Dieter Brummer) is arrested and he and Roxy decide be just friends.
Roxy meets her half-sister Karen (Belinda Jarrett) after she returns to the Bay on parole from juvenile detention but within a matter of weeks Karen and Blake leave for the city. Roxy, however, decides to settle in the Bay and teaches art at Summer Bay High. She befriends and later dates one of her new colleagues, Luke Cunningham (John Adam). She also takes Sarah Thompson (Laura Vasquez), who is staying with Alf and Ailsa, under her wing. Max McCarthy (Lloyd Morris), Roxy's ex-boyfriend begins badgering her constantly for money and threatens to have some swimsuit pictures of her published if she does not pay him. Roxy and Max try to double-cross each other but fail. The photos are published and Luke and Nick try to remove every copy of the magazine but Mangrove River resident Tug O'Neale (Tristan Bancks) manages to get hold of a copy and after clashing with Roxy at school, he plasters photocopies everywhere. Roxy, however, survives the scandal. Roxy's sister Imogen (Sofie Formica) visits and puts on a pleasant demeanor, masking her true intentions based on years of resentment for Roxy. Imogen then wages a campaign against Roxy after an attempt to seduce Luke fails. She hides Roxy's exam papers and sabotages her cakes. Ailsa quickly sees through this and Roxy realises her sister needs help but Imogen rejects her and leaves town, stating Roxy will never see her again.
Luke and Roxy's relationship suffers its biggest test when Luke is forced to care for his mentally disabled brother, Bill (Craig Beamer). They break up but find themselves getting closer again after working on the school musical together and renting the beach house from widower Greg Marshall (Ross Newton), also taking on effective responsibility for Tug, who had been living with Greg and his late wife Bobby (Nicolle Dickson). Roxy is stunned when Luke reveals he still has feelings for her and does her best to let him down gently. Soon after, Roxy begins seeing James Healy (Simon Baker), a new teacher who has taken over Luke's job. Suspecting they have little in common, James enlists Luke's help to persuade Roxy he is into the same books as her but Roxy quickly sees through his ruse. Although Luke manages to convince her James had meant well, James soon laves town soon after being offered a better job. Roxy and James try to keep things going long distance but they soon fizzle out.
When a self-destructive Tug steals Roxy's car, she is forced to report him to the police and feels guilty when he is charged. She speaks in his defence in court, which enables to him escaping a custodial sentence. Roxy and Luke later learn Greg is selling the house and Roxy is horrified to learn Irene Roberts (Lynne McGranger) is an interested party and describes her as the landlady from hell, without realising her daughter Fin (Tina Thomsen) is in earshot. Irene responds by saying she will not keep Roxy on as a tenant so Roxy and Luke make plans to buy the beach house themselves. However, Roxy then decides to move back in with Sarah and the Stewarts.
Rob Storey (Matthew Lilley) returns to Summer Bay after some time away from the area, and is attracted to Roxy. She is unimpressed with him at first when he gets even with a driver who splashed his suit earlier, by putting a potato in the driver's exhaust pipe, but Roxy soon sees another dimension to Rob. After Roxy tells Rob of her feelings they begin a relationship, and are caught having sex on Donald Fisher's (Norman Coburn) kitchen floor by Irene. This soon becomes common knowledge much to the couple's embarrassment. While sharing a shower, Rob notices a lump in Roxy's breast and she is diagnosed with cancer. Rob supports her throughout and plans to propose until Roxy reveals she is not as serious about him. Roxy quietly leaves the Bay to undergo treatment. She later sends Alf and Ailsa a postcard and mentions she is living in Greece.
Reception.
Leo Roberts of the "Daily Mirror" branded her "foxy Roxy". Jason Herbison from "Inside Soap" opined that Roxy "ruffled a lot of feathers" during her time in the show. A writer from "All About Soap" included the character in their "Hall of Fame" series and said that she and Rob were the "perfect couple". They opined that Roxy looked like the type of woman who "should wear a beret and a stripy T-shirt". Her painting style was described as "abstract" which did not "set the world on fire, but she used lots of bright colours and tried really hard". Roxy was "a hit" with the students of Summer Bay High because of her "mad creations" and the writer joked that Tracey Emin had better watch out. But they concluded that Roxy eventually became "disillusioned" by her art work.

</doc>
<doc id="18684319" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18684319" title="Wurtzite crystal structure">
Wurtzite crystal structure

The wurtzite crystal structure, named after the mineral wurtzite, is a crystal structure for various binary compounds. It is an example of a hexagonal crystal system. The chemical prototype is conventionally given as ZnS, although mineral wurtzite is a multi-component alloy compound.
The wurtzite crystal structure is referred to by the Strukturbericht designation B4 and the Pearson symbol hP4. The corresponding space group is No. 186 (in International Union of Crystallography classification) or P63mc (in Hermann–Mauguin notation).
Among the compounds that can take the wurtzite structure are wurtzite itself, AgI, ZnO, CdS, CdSe, α-SiC, GaN, AlN, BN and other semiconductors. In most of these compounds, wurtzite is not the favored form of the bulk crystal, but the structure can be favored in some nanocrystal forms of the material.
In materials with more than one crystal structure, the prefix "w-" is sometimes added to the empirical formula to denote the wurtzite crystal structure, as in w-BN.
Each of the two individual atom types forms a sublattice which is HCP-type (short for "hexagonal close-pack"). When viewed altogether, the atomic positions are the same as in lonsdaleite (hexagonal diamond). Each atom is tetrahedrally coordinated.
The wurtzite structure is non-centrosymmetric (i.e., lacks inversion symmetry). Due to this, wurtzite crystals can (and generally do) have properties such as piezoelectricity and pyroelectricity, which centrosymmetric crystals lack.

</doc>
<doc id="18684330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18684330" title="Branham House (Georgetown, Kentucky)">
Branham House (Georgetown, Kentucky)

The Branham House is residential dwelling located in the South Broadway Neighborhood Historic District in Georgetown, Kentucky. The property was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places on April 2, 1973.

</doc>
<doc id="18684367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18684367" title="Wang Yong (water polo)">
Wang Yong (water polo)

Wang Yong (born 29 January 1979 in Shanghai) is a male Chinese water polo player who was part of the gold medal winning team at the 2006 Asian Games. He competed at the 2008 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="18684371" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18684371" title="Peter Richardson (Australian politician)">
Peter Richardson (Australian politician)

Peter Anthony Richardson (born 23 January 1939) is a former Australian politician. Born in Perth, Western Australia, he was educated at the University of Western Australia and the University of London, after which he became a gynaecologist. In 1975, he was elected to the Australian House of Representatives as the Liberal member for Tangney, defeating sitting Labor member John Dawkins. In October 1977, he resigned from the Liberal Party and joined the Progress Party; he unsuccessfully contested the Senate on their behalf in the 1977 election.

</doc>
<doc id="18684391" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18684391" title="Roland Borsa">
Roland Borsa

Roland Borsa (, ) (; ? - 1301) was voivode of Transylvania for 3 periods in the late 13th century. He was known for battling the Mongol invasions and, later, for rebelling against Hungarian attempts to control his territory.
Origins.
Roland Borsa was the member of a noble family, with "a possible Romanian-Slavic origin" (Tudor Sălăgean), originally from the valley of the Borșa River (today in Cluj county, Romania), a tributary of the Little Someş river. A branch of the family was established in Bihor in the 12th century, and maintained close ties with the Transylvanian branch.
First period of rule (1282).
Initially a supporter of the centralization policies of László IV, King of Hungary, Borsa was named voivod of Transylvania in the spring of 1282. In July and August he participated in the royal campaign against the Aba tribe, then distinguished himself with a decisive role in the victory over Cuman rebels. Despite this success, however, a series of royal concessions to the aristocracy forced Roland to resign his voivodship in favor of Apor Péc.
Second period of rule (1284-1285).
Returning to the voivodship in 1284, Roland Borsa found himself faced with Mongol invasions. In the winter of 1285, he attempted to stem the invasion with a campaign in which the Transylvanians distinguished themselves through their valor on the battlefield. To assist in governing his new territories, he named a vice-voivod from the Transylvanian branch of the family, László Borsa of Szentmártón. Following a conflict with King László IV at the end of 1285, Roland Borsa was again stripped of his power.
Reorganization of the voivodship and final period of rule.
Roland Borsa was at the nadir of his fortunes when the Transylvanian voivodship began to reorganize along "congregational" lines, shifting de facto power to a group of landed nobles. When the first congregation of nobles met in 1285 near Turda, Roland Borsa had lost his Transylvanian lands and proved unable either to exercise any influence over the other nobles or to play an important role in governing the province. Nonetheless, as sentiment against László took a firmer hold on the nobility, he returned to power for a final time in 1288. Along with his brother, he organized the assassination of the King by Cuman mercenaries at Körösszeg in Bihor County in 1290. This action, along with his ill-concealed ambitions for Transylvania, led him into direct conflict with the last scion of the House of Árpád, András III. Defeated by royal forces in the Civil War of 1294, he was dismissed as voivod, but somehow managed to avoid the confiscation of his now-extensive lands. He died far from the corridors of power in 1301.

</doc>
<doc id="18684398" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18684398" title="Alonei Yitzhak">
Alonei Yitzhak

Alonei Yitzhak (, "lit." Yitzhak Oaks) is a youth village in northern Israel. Located near Binyamina, it falls under the jurisdiction of Menashe Regional Council. In 2011 it had a population of 286.
The village was established in 1948 by Yehiel Harif to absorb children who had survived the Holocaust. It was named after Yitzhak Gruenbaum. Today the village is a boarding school that teaches 400 children from 7th to 12th grade.
Alonei Yitzhak nature reserve.
A 31-acre nature reserve was declared in 1969, mainly of old Valonia oak trees ("Quercus macrolepis"), in close proximity to the youth village. Other flora in the oak forest includes "Cyclamen persicum", "Calicotome villosa", "Ephedra", Sea Squill, and "Asphodelus microcarpus".

</doc>
<doc id="18684409" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18684409" title="Los Angeles Plaza Historic District">
Los Angeles Plaza Historic District

The Los Angeles Plaza Historic District, also known as El Pueblo de Los Ángeles State Historic Park, is a historic district located at the oldest section of Los Angeles, known for many years as "El Pueblo de Nuestra Señora la Reina de los Ángeles del Río de Porciúncula". The district, centered on the old plaza, was the city's center under Spanish (1781–1821), Mexican (1821–1847) and United States (after 1847) rule through most of the 19th century. The area was designated a state historic monument in 1953 and listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1972.
History.
Founding of the Pueblo.
A plaque across from the Old Plaza commemorates the founding of the city. It states: "On September 4, 1781, eleven families of "pobladores" (44 persons including children) arrived at this place from the Gulf of California to establish a pueblo which was to become the City of Los Angeles. This colonization ordered by King Carlos III was carried out under the direction of Governor Felipe de Neve." The small town received the name "El Pueblo de Nuestra Señora Reina de los Ángeles sobre El Rio Porciúncula", Spanish for "The Town of Our Lady Queen of the Angels on the Porciuncula River." 
The original pueblo was built to the southeast of the current plaza along the Los Angeles River. In 1815, a flood washed away the original pueblo, and it was rebuilt farther from the river at the location of the current plaza.
Growth of the Pueblo.
During its first 70 years, the Pueblo grew slowly from 44 in 1781 to 1,615 in 1850—an average of about 25 persons per year. During this period, the Plaza Historic District was the Pueblo's commercial and social center. In 1850, shortly after California became part of the United States, Los Angeles was incorporated as a city. It experienced a major boom in the 1880s and 1890s, as its population grew from 11,200 (1880) to 50,400 (1890) and 102,500 in 1900. As the City grew, the commercial and cultural center began to move south away from the Plaza, along Spring Street and Main Street. In 1891, the "Los Angeles Times" reported on the move of the city's center:"The geographical center of Los Angeles is the old plaza, but that has long since ceased to be the center of population. ... While at one time most of the population was north of the plaza, during the past ten years 90 per cent of the improvements have gone up in the southern half of the city. ... These are solid facts which it is useless to attempt to ignore by playing the ostrich acts and level-headed property holders in the northern part of the city are beginning to ask themselves seriously what is to be done to arrest or at least delay the steady march of the business section from the old to the new plaza on Sixth Street ..."
Preservation as a historic park.
The surrounding the Plaza and constituting the old pueblo have been preserved as a historic park roughly bounded by Spring, Macy, Alameda and Arcadia Streets, and Cesar Chavez Boulevard (formerly Sunset Boulevard). There is a visitors center in the Sepúlveda House, and a volunteer organization known as Las Angelitas del Pueblo provide tours of the district.
The district includes the city's oldest and most historic structures clustered around the old plaza. The buildings of greatest historical significance include Nuestra Señora La Reina de Los Ángeles Church (1822), Avila Adobe (1818) (the city's oldest surviving residence), the Olvera Street market, Pico House (1870), and the Old Plaza Fire Station (1884). Four of the buildings have been restored as museums. Archaeological excavations in the Pueblo have uncovered artifacts from the indigenous period (before 1781), the Spanish colonial era (1781–1821), the Mexican era (1821–1847), and the first century of the American era (1850s–1940s), including animal bones, household goods, tools, bottles, and ceramics.
The district was designated as a state monument in 1953, and listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1972. These steps, however, did not prevent the demolition, in the decades to come, of numerous historic and very old buildings, particularly those that once formed the eastern edge of the Plaza. Virtually always, they were replaced by parking lots or access routes.
Major sites.
The Plaza.
At the center of the Historic District is the old plaza itself. It has been described as "the focal point" of the state historic park, symbolizing the city's birthplace and "separating Olvera Street's touristy bustle from the Pico-Garnier block's empty buildings." Built in the 1820s, the plaza was the city's commercial and social center. It remains the site of many festivals and celebrations. The plaza has large statues of three important figures in the city's history: King Carlos III of Spain, the monarch who ordered the founding of the Pueblo de Los Ángeles in 1780; Felipe de Neve, the Spanish Governor of the Californias who selected the site of the Pueblo and laid out the town; and Father Junípero Serra, founder and first head of the Alta California missions. In addition to this, the plaza itself has been made a monument to the original forty-four settlers (Los Pobladores), and the four soldiers who accompanied them. A large plaque listing their names was erected in the plaza, and later plaques dedicated to the individual eleven families were placed in the ground encircling the gazebo in the center of the plaza.
La Placita Church.
The parish church in the Plaza Historic District, known as La Iglesia de Nuestra Señora la Reina de Los Ángeles (The Church of Our Lady the Queen of the Angels), was founded in 1814, though the structure was not completed and dedicated until 1822. The present church dates from 1861. The church was one of the first three sites designated as Historic Cultural Monuments by the City of Los Angeles, and has been designated as a California Historical Landmark
Olvera Street.
Olvera Street, known for its Mexican marketplace, was originally known as Wine Street. In 1877, it was extended and renamed in honor of Augustín Olvera, a prominent local judge. Many of the Plaza District's Historic Buildings, including the Avila Adobe and Sepulveda House are located on Olvera Street. In 1930, it was converted by local merchants into the colorful marketplace that remains today.
Avila Adobe.
The Avila Adobe was built in 1818 and is the oldest surviving residence in Los Angeles. It is located in the "paseo" of Olvera Street and was built by Francisco Avila, a wealthy cattle rancher. Its adobe walls are 2½ to thick. U. S. Navy Commodore Robert Stockton took it over as his temporary headquarters when the United States first occupied the city in 1846. The adobe is listed on the National Register of Historic Places and is California State Landmark No. 145.
Plaza Substation.
The Plaza Substation was part of the electric streetcar system operated by the Los Angeles Railway. Completed in 1904, the substation provided electricity to power the yellow streetcars. When the streetcar system closed, the building was converted to other uses. The substation is one of the two buildings in the district that is itself separately listed in the National Register of Historic Places. (The Avila Adobe is the other.)
Old Plaza Firehouse.
The Old Plaza Firehouse is the oldest firehouse in Los Angeles. Built in 1884, it operated as a firehouse until 1897. The building was thereafter used as a saloon, cigar store, poolroom, "seedy hotel", Chinese market, "flop house", and drugstore. The building was restored in the 1950s and opened as a firefighting museum in 1960.
Pico House.
Pico House was a luxury hotel built in 1870 by Pío Pico, a successful businessman who was the last Mexican Governor of Alta California. With indoor plumbing, gas-lit chandeliers, a grand double staircase, lace curtains and a French restaurant, the Italianate three-story, 33-room hotel was the most elegant hotel in Southern California. It had a total of nearly eighty rooms. The Pico House is currently listed as a California Historical Landmark (No. 159).
Merced Theater.
The Merced Theater, completed in 1870, was built in an Italianate style and operated as a live theater from 1871 to 1876. When the Woods Opera House opened nearby in 1876, the Merced ceased being the city's leading theater. Eventually, it gained an "unenviable reputation" because of "the disreputable dances staged there, and was finally closed by the authorities."
Masonic Hall.
Masonic Hall was built in 1858 as Lodge 42 of the Free and Accepted Masons. The building was a painted brick structure with a symbolic "Masonic eye" below the parapet. In 1868, the Masons moved to larger quarters further south. Afterward, the building was used for many purposes, including a pawn shop and boarding house. It is the oldest building in Los Angeles south of the Plaza.
Garnier Building.
The Garnier Building was built in 1890 and was part of the city's original Chinatown. The southern portion of the building was demolished in the 1950s to make way for the Hollywood Freeway. The Chinese American Museum is now located in the Garnier Building.
Sepulveda House.
Sepulveda House is a 22-room Victorian house built in 1887 in the East lake style. The original structure included two commercial businesses and three residences. It is now the site of the Plaza District's Visitors' Center, which includes an 18-minute video of the Pueblo's early history.
Pelanconi House.
Pelanconi House, built in 1857, is the oldest surviving brick house in Los Angeles. In 1930, it was converted into a restaurant called La Golondrina, which is the oldest restaurant on Olvera Street.
Plaza Methodist Church.
Built in 1926, the Plaza Methodist Church was built on the site of the adobe once owned by Agustín Olvera, the man for whom Olvera Street was named.
Juan Bautista de Anza National Historic Trail.
The Pueblo de Los Ángeles is part of the tour sights of the Juan Bautista de Anza National Historic Trail, a National Park Service unit in the United States National Historic Trail and National Millennium Trail programs. A Brochure Map for driving and detailed Anza Maps by County, with a Historical destinations-events Guide and the official NPS: Juan Bautista de Anza National Historic Trail website are all available for information about the historic 1776 Juan Bautista de Anza trail places.
Historical Mural painting.
Various historical occurrences in the past of Los Angeles are depicted in a colourful Trompe-l'œil mural painting.
Old Spanish National Historic Trail.
The Pueblo de Los Ángeles was the final destination of the Old Spanish Trail and is now part of the Old Spanish National Historic Trail which was established in 2002. Due to its recent creation, the Old Spanish National Historic Trail does not have any designated visitor facilities or services available at this time. However, there are museums, historic sites, and markers along the Old Spanish Trail from Santa Fe to Los Angeles. The popular National Park Passport Stamps program is available at many sites along the trail including one at the visitor center of the Avila Adobe.

</doc>
<doc id="18684412" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18684412" title="Viviana Ramos">
Viviana Ramos

Viviana Lisbeth Ramos Puma is a pageant titleholder, born in Guanare, Venezuela on September 29, 1989. She is the Miss Globe Venezuela titleholder for 2006, and was the official winner of the Miss Globe International pageant held in Saranda, Albania on October 1, 2006. Ramos was represented the Miranda state in the Miss Venezuela 2008 pageant, on September 10, 2008, and placed in the 10 semifinalists.

</doc>
<doc id="18684417" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18684417" title="Michael Meehan">
Michael Meehan

Michael Meehan is a Gaelic footballer from County Galway. Meehan plays his club football with Caltra and county football for the Galway senior football team.
Career.
Michael attended the famous St. Jarlath's College in Tuam, playing in three consecutive Hogan Cups in 2000, 2001, and 2002. Although they lost the 2000 semi-final to St. Patrick's Navan and the 2001 final to the same opponents they were unstoppable in 2002 to claim their 12th title with a 3–13 to 0–06 victory against St. Michael's Enniskillen. He was an inspirational figure at full-forward, scoring 1–06. Future Galway team-mates, Darren Mullahy, Gary Sice, Damien Dunleavy, Alan Burke and Niall Coleman were also on the team. James Kavanagh a future Kildare senior also played on the side. Michael captained the team in their victorious 2002 campaign.
Michael won a Connacht MFC medal in 2002, and made his first inter-county Championship start in 2003, the Connacht Senior Football Championship 1sr round clash against Roscommon. Since then, he has been a key part of the Galway set-up, having been consistently been picked by four different managers, John O'Mahony, Peter Forde, Liam Sammon and his current boss, Joe Kernan. Michael has 3 Connacht medals to his name, coming in 2003, 2005 and 2008.
In 2004, Michael was part of the Caltra team that enjoyed a memorable run to All-Ireland Club Championship glory. After coming through the Galway and Connacht club finals, which first time triumphs for the club, Caltra met An Ghaeltacht of Munster. In a close exciting encounter, Caltra prevailed by one point, 0–13 to 0–12. Michael was named Man Of The Match for his performance, scoring 6 points. His brothers, Declan, Tomás, Enda and Noel, who captained the team, were all starting players on the team.
For several years, Michael was also a part of the Galway Under-21 set up. He was a key part of both of Galway's Under-21 All-Ireland triumphs in 2002 and 2005. He formed a devastating partnership with Seán Armstrong in 2005 as they scored 6–03 between them in Galways' 6-05 to 4–06 victory over Down.
So far in the 2008 Championship, Meehan has scored 0–12. He won his third Connacht senior medal on July 13 as Galway defeated Mayo by 2–12 to 1–14 in McHale Park. In their quarter-final clash against Kerry, Michael scored an amazing 10 points and seemed to be carrying the Galway side in the first half against the reigning All-Ireland champions. However, despite leading by 2 points early in the second-half, they could not capitalise on their advantage and Kerry won out in the end by 5 points. Michael finished the 2008 season with 0–22, one point short of his personal best.
Michael Meehan was due to captain the Galway Senior Footballers for the 2010 Championship but sat out due to injury.
2011 prove to be difficult as Meehan continued to battled a troubled ankle injury that almost derailed his career.
In 2012 Michael made a dramatic recovery but did not return until The Connacht quarter Final as a sub against Roscommon.
Personal life.
Michael is the youngest of the Meehan brothers. Both Declan and Tomás have won All-Ireland medals for Galway, in 1998 and 2001. Tomas retired from inter-county football in 2006. The passion of football in the Meehan family was clearly evident when 5 brothers started on the successful All-Ireland Club Championship Caltra side while eldest brother Seamus was a sub on that day. Michael's sister, Mairead, was a sporting star in her own right. She was a very useful camogie player. A teacher who graduated from DCU, she gained an All-Ireland junior camogie medal with Holy Rosary College. Mairead died in 2007 from osteosarcoma.
Both Michael and Declan continue to play inter-county football for Galway.
Meehan has participated in a marketing campaign for Ireland West Airport Knock.

</doc>
<doc id="18684425" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18684425" title="Sha'ar Menashe">
Sha'ar Menashe

Sha'ar Menashe (, "lit." Menashe Gate) is a psychiatric medical centre in northern Israel. Located near Pardes Hanna-Karkur with an area of 740 dunams, it falls under the jurisdiction of Menashe Regional Council. In the past after 1949 there was here a camp for first absorption of immigrants from Yemen and Irak and a village for elderly people. In 2007 the hospital had in treatment 1,100 patients and was the greatest psychatric institution in Israel.

</doc>
<doc id="18684427" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18684427" title="Keshav Malik">
Keshav Malik

Keshav Malik is a renowned Indian poet, critic, arts scholar, and curator. He has been awarded Padmashree, the fourth highest civilian award in India for his contribution to literature. He was born on November 5, 1924, in the town of Miani, in what is now the Punjab province of Pakistan - but at the time was part of British India. 
In 2004, Lalit Kala Akademi, India's National Academy of Art, made him the Fellow of the Lalit Kala Akademi for lifetime contribution, which is its highest award. 
Early life and education.
Malik was born into a Sabharwal Khatri family; the surname Malik is used by many Kukhrans.
Malik graduated from the Amar Singh College in Srinagar, Kashmir in 1945. From 1947 to 1948, he was a personal assistant to Jawaharlal Nehru. During the 1950s, Malik studied Renaissance art in Florence, French at the Sorbonne, and attended lectures at Columbia University. 
Career.
From 1960 to 1972, Malik was art critic for The Hindustan Times. During the 1950s, he was literary editor of "Thought", a weekly Indian journal of the arts. In 1973-74, Malik was curator for "The Human Condition," an exhibition of contemporary Indian art that traveled to Bulgaria, Poland, Belgium, and Yugoslavia. From 1975 to 2000, Malik was art critic for The Times of India.
Malik has published 18 volumes of poetry, including "The Lake Surface and Other Poems", "Storm Warning", and "Between Nobodies and Stars". He has also edited six anthologies of English translations of Indian poetry, and is a frequent lecturer and seminar participant. He co-founded the Poetry Society of India and is currently president of the Poetry Club of India.
Malik was awarded the Padma Shri for literature in 1991. He is the brother of arts scholar Kapila Vatsyayan. He is also related to the brothers Balraj Sahni and Bhisham Sahni, natives of Bhera who now live in Pakistani Punjab.

</doc>
<doc id="18684436" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18684436" title="Peter Shack">
Peter Shack

Peter Donald Shack (born 20 June 1953) is a former Australian politician. Born in Perth, Western Australia, he was educated at Wesley College, Perth and the University of Western Australia before becoming a company director and political advisor. In 1977, he was elected to the Australian House of Representatives as the Liberal member for Tangney. He was defeated by Labor's George Gear in 1983. However, a redistribution for the 1984 election made Tangney notionally Liberal, forcing Gear to transfer to nearby Canning. Shack ran for his old seat in that election and won it with a large swing. He held the seat without serious difficulty until his retirement in 1993.
In 2013 Shack was convicted of stealing $100, 000 from his mother-in-law. On 26 April he was sentenced to 14 months prison.

</doc>
<doc id="18684439" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18684439" title="Benjamin Franklin High School (New Orleans)">
Benjamin Franklin High School (New Orleans)

Benjamin Franklin High School is a public magnet high school in New Orleans, Louisiana, USA. Commonly nicknamed "Franklin" or "Ben Franklin", this school should not be confused with Franklin High School in Franklin, Louisiana. Ben Franklin was founded in 1957 as a school for gifted children. In 1990, it moved to its current location on the campus of the University of New Orleans (UNO) in the Lake Terrace/Lake Oaks neighborhood of Orleans Parish, near Lake Pontchartrain. The school was damaged by several feet of flood water due to Hurricane Katrina in the fall of 2005, and efforts to reopen the school were covered by nationwide news agencies. Although the school is part of the Orleans Parish School District, it operates as a charter school under UNO.
Ben Franklin has a selective admissions process, and according to CBS News is a "magnet for the city's smart and motivated students." It has been named a Blue Ribbon School three times by the U.S. Department of Education, and was ranked 16 on the 2009 "America's Best High Schools" list by U.S. News & World Report. The class of 2008 produced 17 National Achievement Semifinalists, the most of any school in the United States.
Ben Franklin is a member of the Louisiana High School Athletic Association and offers a variety of sports programs. Extracurricular activities are also offered in the form of performing arts, school publications, and clubs. Because of its selective admissions policies, the school was accused in 1996 of an admissions bias against African Americans. Notable alumni of the school include Wynton Marsalis, a Pulitzer Prize winning trumpeter.
History.
Benjamin Franklin High School opened as a school for gifted children in 1957 under the direction of School Superintendent James F. Redmond and Principal Naomi Gardberg. At the time, schools under the Orleans Parish School Board were segregated. In 1960, Judge J. Skelly Wright of the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of Louisiana ordered the desegregation of New Orleans schools in "Bush v. Orleans Parish School Board". In response to the order, 2,000 youths surged through New Orleans streets in demonstrations against school integration on November 16, 1960. Only eight Franklin students were absent from class. A Time Magazine article later stated that Redmond's "proudest memory of the first day of integration three weeks ago, when truancy was rife, is that 'my Franklin kids stuck with it.'"
From its inception, Franklin was designed to be a public school for gifted students, and admissions requirements included having a 120 IQ. Following an appeal of "Bush v. Orleans Parish School Board", the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit stated in 1962 that Franklin was "one of the finest schools in the country for superior students" and suggested that African American students who met the school's exacting admissions requirements be admitted. Under pressure from federal courts, Franklin became the first public high school in New Orleans to desegregate in 1963.
For over 30 years the school was housed in a historic courthouse on Carrollton Avenue in Uptown New Orleans. Built in 1855, the building had served as the Jefferson Parish Courthouse until the City of Carrollton was incorporated into New Orleans. By 1987, the building had fallen into disrepair and lacked basic air conditioning. Despite these conditions, Franklin maintained a reputation as a place of academic excellence.
In the late 1980s, the Orleans Parish School Board leased land from the University of New Orleans (UNO) and built a larger and more modern campus for Ben Franklin. Ben Franklin moved to this current Lake Terrace/Lake Oaks campus during the 1989–1990 school year. The building was designed by E. Eean Mcnaughton Architects and received an honor award from the American Institute of Architects Gulf States Region in 1994. Visitors to the school included President Bill Clinton, who spoke with Franklin students on April 30, 1993 about his plans to create a National Service Initiative.
Ben Franklin is located near the London Avenue Canal. Like most other UNO buildings and New Orleans public schools, Ben Franklin was damaged by several feet of flood water due to Hurricane Katrina. The school was closed before the storm hit on August 29, 2005, and remained closed for several months. Over US $3 million in damage was caused by the storm. School administration, faculty, parents, students, alumni, and volunteers participated in a massive cleanup effort, without funding from and independent of the Orleans Parish School Board. The effort was chronicled by several nationwide news agencies.
After Katrina, Ben Franklin received support from across the nation and around the world. On December 8, 2005, the United States Ambassador to Germany, William R. Timken, Jr., accepted a "Band of Friendship" from the students of Clay Oberschule, Ben Franklin's official GAPP partner school in Berlin, Germany. Monetary contributions included $10,000 from the government of France and a $70,000 grant from the Laura Bush Foundation for America's Libraries. The school re-opened as a charter school on January 17, 2006, the 300th birthday of its namesake Benjamin Franklin. The re-opening ceremony was held in the previously flooded-out gym. The gym had been the most severely damaged structure on campus; all of the floor tiles had to be removed and replaced, and the wind-damaged ceiling had to be repaired. In 2007, the school celebrated its 50th anniversary with a free reception.
Enrollment.
An admissions test is required to apply to Ben Franklin. Enrollment is open to residents of Orleans Parish entering ninth, tenth, or eleventh grade. Students applying for tenth grade must have one credit in English, math, science, social studies, and foreign language. Students applying for 11th grade must have two credits in each of the listed courses. Admission is based on an applicant's GPA and performance on the Iowa Test of Basic Skills or the Iowa Tests of Educational Development for reading, language, and mathematics. The Iowa Tests are administered at Ben Franklin. All students meeting the criteria for entrance into 9th grade are also required to pass the LEAP 21 exam (Louisiana Educational Assessment Program for the 21st Century Exam taken in 8th grade). Ben Franklin had 609 students during the 2009-2010 school year. The demographics were 270 (44.3%) Caucasian, 183 (30%) African American, 141 (23.2%) Asian/Pacific Islander, 14 (2.23%) Hispanic, and 1 (0.02%) American Indian/Alaskan Native.
Academics.
Ben Franklin features a college-preparatory curriculum and an Advanced Placement (AP) Program. Students are required to complete a minimum of 24 academic units that includes 4 in English, 3 in foreign language, 4 in mathematics, 4 in science, 4 in social science, 2 in electives, 1.5 in physical education, .5 in health, and starting with the class of 2012, 1 credit in the arts. As of 2008, the school offers 20 AP courses for students to earn college credit. A selection of elective courses are offered, including studio art, creative writing, music appreciation, and theater. The foreign language offerings are French, German, Spanish, Mandarin, and Latin. Students may also enroll concurrently at local universities and the New Orleans Center for Creative Arts (NOCCA). The school is within walking distance of the UNO library, and students can obtain library cards through a "special borrowers" program.
According to CBS News, Ben Franklin is "one of the best public high schools in the country — a magnet for the city's smart and motivated students." Approximately 99.5% of each graduating class enters a four-year college. Of the 162 students in the class of 2006, 28 were National Merit Semifinalists, 7 were National Achievement Finalists, and 3 were Hispanic Scholars. The class of 2008 produced 17 National Achievement Semifinalists, the most of any school in the United States. For the class of 2005, the mean SAT Verbal score was 645, and the mean SAT Math score was 636. The mean ACT composite score was 27.2. One hundred percent of Franklin students passed the Louisiana Graduate Exit Examination (GEE) in Spring 2006, with a significant number achieving Advanced and Mastery level.
In the fall of 2005, Ben Franklin was one of three high schools given a five star rating (the highest possible) by the Louisiana Department of Education, based on its School Performance Score (SPS). The SPS is based on test scores from LEAP/GEE subject area tests in addition to "The Iowa Tests" results and attendance/dropout data. The following table displays the three schools, along with their respective SPS in 2005.
In fall 2008, the Louisiana Department of Education rated schools in Orleans Parish for the first time since Hurricane Katrina. With an SPS of 165.2, Ben Franklin again had the highest performance score in the state.
Benjamin Franklin High School was named a National Blue Ribbon School by the U.S. Department of Education in 1989, 2003, and 2009. It has been ranked by Newsweek and U.S. News & World Report as one of the top 50 public schools in the U.S. with regards to student test scores and advanced placement programs. Ben Franklin was listed as one of the elite public schools in the country by Newsweek in 2006 and 2007. In 2008 and 2009, Franklin was no longer listed as a "public elite" and instead ranked numbers 35 and 52, respectively, on the complete Newsweek lists of "America's Top Public High Schools." Ben Franklin was also ranked 16 in the nation by U.S. News & World Report on its 2009 "America's Best High Schools" list and was one of its featured stories. Additionally, 2 art and 12 academic Presidential Scholars have been selected from the school as of 2007.
Extracurricular activities.
Athletics.
Ben Franklin teams are known as the "Falcons" with school colors green, white, and orange. The Falcons are in District 10-4A (Div. II) of the Louisiana High School Athletic Association and features the following athletic programs:
The Ben Franklin girls' soccer team was the Class 4A State Champion in 1998, 2003, and 2004, and the volleyball team won state titles in 1996, 2002, and 2003. In 16 years as Ben Franklin's head volleyball coach, Jodee Pulizzano led Franklin teams to six Division II state championships and two runner-up trophies.
Accomplishments since 1996 include:
In 2007, the Ben Franklin football team made the Class 3A playoffs for the first time in school history. However, they went on to lose in the first round to Amite High School.
Performing arts.
The music program at Ben Franklin was founded by Peter Dombourian, who served as part-time band director and music teacher from 1974 until 1991. His students included trumpeter Wynton Marsalis, who enrolled concurrently at Ben Franklin and NOCCA. In 2005, the band room and music lockers at Ben Franklin were flooded in the aftermath of Hurricane Katrina, destroying the school's collection of instruments, privately owned instruments left behind by students, and approximately $100,000 of sheet music. The Tipitina's Foundation, New Orleans Music Exchange, Mr. Holland's Opus Foundation, and P.S. 54 Charles W Leng School were among the contributors who helped the music program continue. Student musicians in the concert band and string orchestra participate annually in the Louisiana Music Educator's Association (LMEA) State Festivals, where they often collect "Superior" ratings.
Franklin also has a theater program. In March 2008, Franklin theater students were able to conduct a mixed-media performance of James Still's "And Then They Came for Me: Remembering the World of Anne Frank" with Holocaust survivor/author Eva Schloss in attendance. The play was co-sponsored by the National World War II Museum and coincided with Schloss' lecture at the museum.
Publications.
Franklin also has a TV station for students known as FTV. Ben Franklin publications include "The Riverbend Review " (literary magazine), and "The Franklin Falcon" (yearbook). The "Riverbend Review", published since 1987, has received numerous awards from the Columbia Scholastic Press Association and the American Scholastic Press Association, winning a Silver Crown and First Place classification in 2008 and a Gold Crown and First Place with Special Merit classification in 2009. The Spring 2008 volume featured student poetry, short stories, original art, and an interview with writer Andrei Codrescu.
Yearbook 2006.
The class of 2006 was the subject of an online documentary called Yearbook 2006, created by bluecadet interactive and produced by Josh Goldblum, Josh Cogan, and David Lee. The non-profit Web-based project features 140 minutes of raw interviews as well as photographs and other multimedia designed to capture the lives of about 30 Franklin seniors after Katrina. The project, featured in the Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration's Spirit of Recovery conference and USA Today, was designed to “give a cohesive and layered forum to the fractured voices of those seniors who were displaced and those who remained in New Orleans, aiming to, above all, nurture and heal the vibrant social fabric that Katrina threatened to destroy.”
Accusations of bias in admissions.
The school's selective admissions policies have led to accusations of bias. Before Hurricane Katrina, it was estimated that 450 of 800 applicants on average were not accepted because of insufficient grades and test scores. Compared to the rest of the city, the school has a disproportionately low percentage of African Americans. Carl Galmon, a local activist, claimed in 1996 that Franklin's admissions tests are culturally biased against black students. Following Katrina, the school converted to a charter school and preserved its selective admissions system. The school has received praise for traditionally producing some of the "highest-performing students in the entire state of Louisiana," including an exceptional number of students awarded by the National Achievement Scholarship Program of the National Merit Scholarship Corporation, a program open only to African Americans.
In popular culture.
Benjamin Franklin High School has appeared in film, books, and other media. In a short play that appears in New Orleans novelist Walker Percy's "Lost in the Cosmos", the lead character attends Franklin.
Portions of the school's atrium and front entrance were used in the 2004 Disney Channel movie Stuck in the Suburbs. The school was also used for portions of the 2005 Lifetime Television movie Odd Girl Out.
In Julie Smith's mystery novel "Louisiana Hotshot", murder victim Rhonda Bergeron is said to have graduated from Ben Franklin High School in New Orleans. In Ronald Everett Capps' novel "Off Magazine Street" (loosely adapted into the film A Love Song for Bobby Long), Byron Burns decides to send Hanna to Benjamin Franklin High School, a school "he had heard had a fair reputation."

</doc>
<doc id="18684446" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18684446" title="South Broadway Neighborhood District (Scott County, Kentucky)">
South Broadway Neighborhood District (Scott County, Kentucky)

The South Broadway Neighborhood District is a historic residential area located near downtown Georgetown, Kentucky. The neighborhood was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places on December 19, 1991.

</doc>
<doc id="18684468" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18684468" title="Kensal Green and Harlesden railway station">
Kensal Green and Harlesden railway station

Kensal Green & Harlesden was a railway station on the North London Line. It opened in 1861, and closed in 1873. On closure, it was replaced by Kensal Rise railway station.

</doc>
<doc id="18684481" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18684481" title="Line of Fire (novel)">
Line of Fire (novel)

Line of Fire is a thriller novel by Donald Hamilton.
Plot summary and Evaluation.
An assassination attempt carried out for a local crime boss by gun shop owner Paul Nyquist, is interrupted by a young woman.
Among Hamilton's early works, it is easily as believable as Death of a Citizen, the origin of Hamilton's Helm series. Hamilton achieves here the difficult job of offering an Action-Adventure that requires no suspension of disbelief by the reader.

</doc>
<doc id="18684484" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18684484" title="Siniša Školneković">
Siniša Školneković

Siniša Školneković (born January 18, 1968 in Varaždin) is a former Croatian water polo player. He represented Croatia at the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta and the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney.

</doc>
<doc id="18684499" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18684499" title="Natasha Domínguez">
Natasha Domínguez

Natasha Alexandra Domínguez Boscán, is a Venezuelan model, was born in Caracas, Venezuela on March 26, 1990. She was one of the finalists in the Elite Model Look Venezuela 2006 pageant, held in Caracas, Venezuela, on October 10, 2006. Domínguez was represented the Sucre state in the Miss Venezuela 2008 pageant, on September 10, 2008, and won the title of 1st runner up.
She represented Venezuela in the Reinado Internacional del Café 2009, in Manizales, Colombia, on January 10, 2009, and won the title of 2nd runner up.
She started her acting career with Telemundo in 2012, representing "Anita" in "El Rostro de la Venganza". She also participated in Grachi the third season as Maggie.

</doc>
<doc id="18684522" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18684522" title="2005 Arizona Cardinals season">
2005 Arizona Cardinals season

The 2005 Arizona Cardinals season was the team's 86th in the NFL. The team was unable to improve upon their previous season's six wins in 2004, and failed to make the playoffs for the seventh consecutive season.
The October 2 game was the first regular season game to be played outside the United States, and was known as NFL Futbol Americano. The game was a Cardinals home game, and the Cardinals defeated their division rivals, the San Francisco 49ers, 31–14. The game was later considered part of the NFL International Series.
The Cardinals, as a team, had a paltry 1,138 rushing yards in 2005, only 71.1 yards per game. Remarkably, the Cardinals only had one 100-yard rushing game, when they ran for 129 yards in the season finale at Indianapolis. Arizona's season total is the fifth-fewest rushing yards by a team in a 16-game season. 
The Cardinals passing offense, however, led the league, with 4,437 yards. Kurt Warner's 271.3 passing yards per game were third in the NFL, and his 24.2 pass completions per-game led the league. Wide receiver Larry Fitzgerald tied for the league lead in receptions, with 103, edging out his teammate Anquan Boldin, who had 102 (tied for third in the NFL) Fitzgerald's 1,409 yards, and Boldin's 1,402 yards receiving were fourth and fifth in the NFL, respectively, in 2005. Boldin's 100.1 receiving yards per game led the NFL.
Sun Devil Stadium is the first NFL stadium that failed to sell out any of the team's home game, the second stadium is Raymond James Stadium, 5 years later.

</doc>
<doc id="18684541" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18684541" title="Naha-kūkō Station">
Naha-kūkō Station

The station has two platforms, though platform 2 is for the most part only used during rush hour. The station is connected directly to the second floor of Naha Airport via an elevated pedestrian bridge with a moving walkway.
The station opened on 10 August 2003. A plaque officially marking it as the westernmost station in the country was unveiled on 12 July the following year. The traditional Okinawan folksong "Tanchamee" (谷茶前) is used as the chime to announce the arrival and departure of trains.

</doc>
<doc id="18684544" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18684544" title="Tan Feihu">
Tan Feihu

Tan Feihu (born 1 January 1987 in Hunan) is a male Chinese water polo player who was part of the gold medal winning team at the 2006 Asian Games. He competed at the 2008 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="18684558" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18684558" title="William Story (Australian politician)">
William Story (Australian politician)

William Harrison Story (31 May 1857 – 13 July 1924) was an Australian politician. 
Biography.
Born in Adelaide, he was educated at state schools before becoming a stonemason and bricklayer. He served as President of the Operative Masons and Bricklayers Society and the Adelaide Trades and Labour Council, and was mayor of Norwood and Kensington District Council in 1902. 
In 1903, he was elected to the Australian Senate as a Labor Senator from South Australia. In 1916, he was one of several Labor parliamentarians who joined Prime Minister Billy Hughes in leaving the Labor Party over the issue of conscription, eventually joining with the Commonwealth Liberal Party to form the Nationalist Party. 
Story transferred to the House of Representatives in 1917, winning the seat of Boothby as a Nationalist. He was the first South Australian to have served in both houses of federal parliament. He held the seat until 1922, when he was defeated by Jack Duncan-Hughes, a member of the breakaway Liberal Party. Story died in 1924.

</doc>
<doc id="18684563" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18684563" title="Wang Beiming">
Wang Beiming

Wang Beiming (; born 13 August 1983 in Shanghai) is a male Chinese water polo player. He was part of the gold medal winning team at the 2006 Asian Games. He also competed at the 2008 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="18684576" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18684576" title="Ashampstead Common">
Ashampstead Common

Ashampstead Common is a common in the English county of Berkshire, within the civil parish of Ashampstead.
The common lies north of the M4 motorway, near to Ashampstead, Lower Basildon and Yattendon.

</doc>
<doc id="18684592" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18684592" title="Xie Junmin">
Xie Junmin

Xie Junmin (born 17 May 1983 in Guangdong) is a male Chinese water polo player who was part of the gold medal winning team at the 2006 Asian Games. He will compete at the 2008 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="18684593" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18684593" title="Garston's Down">
Garston's Down

Garston's Down is a 20.3 hectare Site of special scientific interest which is south of Carisbrooke. The site was notified in 1971 for its biological features.

</doc>
<doc id="18684594" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18684594" title="Violin Concerto No. 5">
Violin Concerto No. 5

Violin Concerto No. 5 may refer to any composers' fifth violin concerto:

</doc>
<doc id="18684601" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18684601" title="Karina Rivero">
Karina Rivero

Elia Karina Rivero Molnar (born in Valera, Venezuela on October 20, 1985) is a Venezuelan model and beauty pageant contestant. She was the Elite Model Look Venezuela winner for 2003 and was the official representative of Venezuela to the Elite Model Look International 2003 pageant held in Singapore on November 8, 2003. Rivero was also first runner up in the Elite Model Latino 2003 pageant held in May, 2003.
She represented the Amazonas state in the Miss Venezuela 2008 pageant, on September 10, 2008 and placed in the 10 semifinalists.

</doc>
<doc id="18684612" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18684612" title="Han Zhidong">
Han Zhidong

Han Zhidong (born 29 July 1977 in Guangdong) is a male Chinese water polo player who was part of the gold medal winning team at the 2006 Asian Games. He competed at the 2008 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="18684614" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18684614" title="Calciborite">
Calciborite

Calciborite (Cais a mineral discovered in 1955 in Russia.
It was first described in 1955 in the Novofrolovskoye copper deposit, near Krasnoturinsk, Turinsk district, Northern Ural Mountains, Russia. It occurs in a skarn deposit formed in limestone adjacent to a quartz diorite intrusive. It occurs associated with: sibirskite, calcite, dolomite, garnet, magnetite and pyroxene.

</doc>
<doc id="18684640" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18684640" title="Ma Jianjun">
Ma Jianjun

Ma Jianjun (born 8 October 1984 in Baise, Guangxi) is a male Chinese water polo player who was part of the gold medal winning team at the 2007 National Championships. He competed at the 2008 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="18684659" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18684659" title="Liang Zhongxing">
Liang Zhongxing

Liang Zhongxing (Chinese: 梁仲兴; born 23 December 1986 in Guangdong) is a male Chinese water polo player who was part of the gold medal winning team at the 2006 Asian Games. He competed at the 2008 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="18684663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18684663" title="Beedon Common">
Beedon Common

Beedon Common is a hamlet and former common in the English county of Berkshire, within the civil parish of Beedon. The settlement lies close to the A34 road, and is located approximately north of Newbury.

</doc>
<doc id="18684676" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18684676" title="Wang Yang (water polo)">
Wang Yang (water polo)

Wang Yang (born 17 January 1983 in Shenyang, Liaoning) is a male Chinese water polo player who was part of the bronze medal winning team at the 2005 National Games. He competed at the 2008 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="18684685" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18684685" title="Trisha Rae Stahl">
Trisha Rae Stahl

Trisha Rae Stahl (born August 10, 1973) is an American actress.
Personal life.
Ms. Stahl is originally from Williamsport, Pennsylvania. She holds a degree in theatrical performance from Indiana University of Pennsylvania and a Master of Arts in teaching.
Career.
Her feature films include "Trailer Park of Terror" and "Kiss the Abyss". Ms. Stahl has also had roles on television ("ER", "Punk'd") and on webisodes ("The Romantic Foibles of Esteban"). Stahl joined the cast of "Glee" with a recurring guest star role for its fourth season, starting in September 2012. Trisha Stahl has also worked as a commercial actress.

</doc>
<doc id="18684688" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18684688" title="Jack Duncan-Hughes">
Jack Duncan-Hughes

John Grant "Jack" Duncan-Hughes (1 September 1882 – 13 August 1962) was an Australian politician.
Personal life.
Born in Higher Park, South Australia, John Grant Duncan-Hughes was educated at St Peters College in Adelaide, and then at the University of Adelaide and Cambridge University. He died in 1962.
Career.
In 1907, he became a barrister, and served in the military 1915-1918. He was aide-de-camp and secretary to the Governor-General before entering politics. In 1922, he was elected to the Australian House of Representatives as the Liberal member for Boothby, defeating sitting Nationalist MP William Story. Duncan-Hughes and his fellow Liberals were running largely on a platform of opposition to Prime Minister Billy Hughes. When Hughes resigned to make way for Stanley Bruce as Prime Minister, the Liberal Party dissolved and its members joined the Nationalists. He held Boothby as a Nationalist until his defeat in 1928. After serving as a United Australia Party senator for South Australia from 1932 to 1938, Duncan-Hughes returned to the House in 1940 as the United Australia Party member for Wakefield. He was defeated in 1943 and became a lawyer.

</doc>
<doc id="18684689" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18684689" title="Yu Lijun">
Yu Lijun

Yu Lijun (born 28 November 1978 in Shanghai) is a male Chinese water polo player who was part of the gold medal winning team at the 2006 Asian Games. He competed at the 2008 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="18684704" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18684704" title="Wu Zhiyu">
Wu Zhiyu

Wu Zhiyu (born 9 September 1983 in Shanghai) is a male Chinese water polo player who was part of the gold medal winning team at the 2006 Asian Games. He competed at the 2008 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="18684712" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18684712" title="Georgetown East Main Street Residential District">
Georgetown East Main Street Residential District

The Georgetown East Main Street Residential District is a historic neighborhood located in Georgetown, Kentucky. The area was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places on June 7, 1978. 

</doc>
<doc id="18684714" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18684714" title="Benham Hill">
Benham Hill

Benham Hill is a settlement in Berkshire, England, and is adjoined to both Thatcham and Newbury. The settlement lies on the A4 road, and is previously the site of the Turnpike School (now West Berkshire Community Hospital).

</doc>
<doc id="18684719" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18684719" title="Ge Weiqing">
Ge Weiqing

Ge Weiqing (born 25 April 1977 in Shanghai) is a male Chinese water polo player who was part of the gold medal winning team at the 2006 Asian Games. He competed at the 2008 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="18684730" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18684730" title="Li Bin (water polo)">
Li Bin (water polo)

Li Bin (; born 24 October 1983 in Shanghai) is a male Chinese water polo player who was part of the gold medal winning team at the 2006 Asian Games. He competed at the 2008 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="18684731" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18684731" title="KSNL-LD">
KSNL-LD

KSNL-LD, channel 47, is a low-powered NBC affiliate based in Salina, Kansas. It is owned by the LIN Media. KSNL is part of the Kansas State Network (KSN) network of NBC affiliates, repeating the signal of KSNW in Wichita, Kansas, with local advertising and news inserts. KSNL is broadcast on Cox Communications cable channel 3. KSNL currently has no high-definition feed of its own, though Cox offers KSNW's HD signal on digital channel 2003.
History.
KSNL was signed on the air before May 2008 as K06LZ. K06LZ has been turned off in 2008.
On May 7, 2012, LIN TV Corporation announced that it will acquire the New Vision Television station group, including KSNW and its four satellite stations, for $330.4 million and the assumption of $12 million in debt. On October 2, the FCC approved the proposed sale to LIN TV. The transaction is expected to close in late 2012. The deal will mark a re-entry to Kansas for LIN, who briefly owned the licenses of rival Wichita station KAKE and its satellites in 2000 but never held operational control of the stations.
K06LZ on Radio.
From 1989 until 2009, K06LZ was broadcast on the radio in the Salina area on 87.7 FM. This is possible because channel 6 is close to the FM radio band and radios sold in the United States at the time. K06LZ made history in Kansas by being the first 87.7 FM radio staiton that Sign Off their singal and went all digital in 2008. The second 87.7 FM station that went off air was KBSD-DT on June 12, 2009, because of the full power license. KTLJ-CA will be the last 87.7 FM radio staiton in the state of Kansas that will go off air.

</doc>
<doc id="18684733" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18684733" title="Prostitution in Tunisia">
Prostitution in Tunisia

Prostitution in Tunisia is illegal, but, as in many other countries, the laws that ban prostitution are ignored and there are many brothels, tolerated and regulated by the authorities.
The 2009 Human Rights Practices Report states:
"The penal code prohibits prostitution with penalties of up to two years' imprisonment. Few persons were convicted of violating this law. However, there were government-sanctioned brothels in which the workers reportedly had regular medical exams."
Since the resignation of Zine El Abidine Ben Ali, there is public pressure for brothels to close.

</doc>
<doc id="18684740" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18684740" title="Li Jun (water polo)">
Li Jun (water polo)

Li Jun (; born 18 October 1980 in Hunan) is a male Chinese water polo player who was part of the gold medal winning team at the 2006 Asian Games. He competed at the 2008 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="18684741" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18684741" title="Richard Williams (cricketer, born 1901)">
Richard Williams (cricketer, born 1901)

Richard Harry Williams (23 April 1901—19 December 1982) was an English cricketer who played 37 first-class matches for Worcestershire between 1923 and 1932. He averaged barely 11 in his career, though his obituary in "Wisden" suggested that he had played "some useful innings". 
Williams' career began very badly. In his first game, against Derbyshire, he made 4 and 2* in 1923.
He did not appear again until 1925, when in his first nine innings of the season he made just 13 runs.
He brought this dreadful sequence to a close with 23 against Sussex in early June, then followed it up with the first of just three half-centuries: 56 versus Nottinghamshire.
This innings was a false dawn, however, and in Williams' next 30 innings he never made more than 41.
By now it was August 1926, but then — admittedly after the match was dead
— he produced what was to be his career-best innings: 81 against Nottinghamshire (again) at Trent Bridge.
Another lengthy run of failures followed, and although he made an unbeaten 76 against Yorkshire in early May 1928,
he was out of the side again by the start of June.
Williams was to make only three more first-class appearances: two in 1931 and one in 1932. His four innings produced scores of 2, 0, 0 and 1, bringing an unhappy end to his largely unsuccessful career in county cricket.

</doc>
<doc id="18684742" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18684742" title="Alexander Louis Peal">
Alexander Louis Peal

Alexander Louis Peal is a Liberian forester and conservationist who won the prestigious international Goldman Environmental Prize in 2000 for his efforts to protect and preserve the biodiversity and natural heritage of his home country. Peal, working with Pygmy Hippopotamus researcher Phillip Robinson, surveyed the area that was established as Sapo National Park in 1983, creating Liberia's first official national park. 
Peal is the president and CEO of the nonprofit Society for the Conservation of the Nature of Liberia, and a member of the Primate Specialist Group of the IUCN Species Survival Commission for his interest and research in conservation of the common chimpanzee ("Pan troglodytes") in Sapo.

</doc>
<doc id="18684758" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18684758" title="Congregation Beth Israel West Side Jewish Center">
Congregation Beth Israel West Side Jewish Center

Congregation Beth Israel West Side Jewish Center is an Orthodox congregation located at 347 West 34th Street, Manhattan, New York, in the Garment District, near Penn Station. Established in 1890, it constructed its current building in 1924–1925. Rabbis have included Joseph Schick, Norman Lamm, and Solomon Kahane. , the rabbi was Jason Herman.
Early history.
Congregation Beth Israel West Side Jewish Center was established in 1890 by Orthodox German Jews and Jews from Austria-Hungary. In its early years the congregation worshiped at 252 West 35th Street, a building later purchased by St. Paul Baptist Church.
In 1905, the congregation constructed a new synagogue building at 252 West 35th Street, designed by architect John H. Knubel. Its sanctuary sat 600. In 1924, it broke ground for its current three-story building at 347 West 34th Street. Designed by Gronenberg & Leuchtag, it was completed in 1925.
Dr. Joseph Schick became rabbi in 1926. Born in Ónod in Austria-Hungary in 1892, he served as a chaplain in the Austro-Hungarian army during World War I, and was the rabbi of Budapest's Beth Israel synagogue of 1918 to 1922, then emigrated to the United States. His books "The Kaddish: Its Power for Good" and "Joseph's Harvest" were published in 1928 and 1932 respectively. He served until his death in 1938, at age 49.
Schick was succeeded in 1939 by Harry M. Katzen and then William Novack, and then in 1940 by Leo Ginsburg.
1950s to 2000.
In 1952, Norman Lamm, later president of Yeshiva University for over 25 years, was appointed to the role. He would serve until 1958, before moving to the (unrelated) Upper West Side Jewish Center. 
Solomon (Shlomo) Kahane, ordained in 1954 at Yeshiva University, was subsequently rabbi of the congregation for 38 years; he died in April, 2004. He was a first cousin of Rabbi Meir Kahane, the founder of the Jewish Defense League and the Israeli political party "Kach". The Jewish Defense League's first meeting was held at the West Side Jewish Center on June 18, 1968.
Events since 2000.
Kahane was succeeded by Dr. Richard Weiss. A licensed physician, Weiss subsequently became rabbi of Young Israel of Hillcrest in Queens.
The synagogue was in the news in 2007. The congregation rents the entire side of its building for advertisements, and that year it was covered with a huge billboard for the film "". The image did not offend any members, according to then-rabbi Jason Herman, and the congregation found the additional income generated by the billboard helpful for maintaining the building.
, the rabbi was Jason Herman. A former investment banker, Herman received his rabbinic ordination at Yeshivat Chovevei Torah. He was also Executive Director of the International Rabbinic Fellowship and a fellow at Rabbis Without Borders. Known for his activism, he was one of 22 Jewish leaders arrested at the United Nations in 2007 after a protest demanding the removal of Iran from the body. In 2008, he was one of a group of liberal Orthodox rabbis who boycotted kosher meat from Agriprocessors over concerns that the company's practices were unethical.

</doc>
<doc id="18684773" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18684773" title="Yang Jun (water polo)">
Yang Jun (water polo)

Yang Jun (born 1988-04-28 in Beijing) is a female Chinese water polo player who was part of the silver medal winning team at the 2007 World Junior Championship. She competed at the 2008 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="18684775" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18684775" title="Blade &amp; Soul">
Blade &amp; Soul

Blade & Soul is a Korean fantasy martial-arts massively multiplayer online role-playing game (MMORPG) developed by NCsoft (Team Bloodlust). On September 13, 2012, NCsoft announced that Blade & Soul would release in Western territories, however a release date was not confirmed. An anime adaptation has been confirmed.
Gameplay.
Blade & Soul features a combination of martial arts inspired combat and Qing Gong in an open-world environment. Players create playable characters that explore around the world by completing quest assigned by various NPCs. The game uses a real-time battle system in the third person camera view and requires players to "combo" a series of attacks, much like those of fighting games. According to NCsoft, the game also features an innovative “Downed” mechanic, allowing players to recover from the brink of death. Players begin with “player-versus environment” (PvE) but may participate in “player-versus-player” (PvP) combat later in the game.
Character Customization.
According to the developers, Blade & Soul will provide a highly customizable system and it has been stated that NPCs in the game were made with the character customization system. Customizations a player has access to include hair styles, facial structures, eye color, height, and body type.
Races.
Characters may be one of four playable races based on the Four benevolent animals: The Gon, the Jin, the Kun, or the Lyn.
Development.
Weeks before NCmedia day, NCsoft announced a new game only known for its codename Project . For the next two weeks, a teaser website was updated revealing more information about the project.
During E3 2007, Sony revealed that they had entered into an exclusive deal with NCsoft to produce new titles exclusively for the PlayStation 3. This contract included titles from both existing intellectual properties owned by NCsoft.
On February 2010 it was announced that Blade & Soul alongside Guild Wars 2 is being developed for release on the Playstation 3 and Xbox 360. However, since then, there have been no updates on the development of the titles for the consoles.
The first closed beta test was scheduled for 27 April 2011 while the open beta test and commercial release were to be determined within the year.
In July 2011, Tencent gained publishing rights of Blade & Soul in China, and made its first appearance at ChinaJoy 2011.
The second closed beta test was scheduled from August 29 to September 10, 2011. During this event the Assassin class was playable for the first time.
After an open beta test on June 21, 2012 with a record number of 150,000 players, NCsoft confirmed that the official Korean Blade & Soul launch would commence on June 30, 2012.
Recently, HTK was interviewed by one the NCsoft staff. HTK has stated that an English version of the game would indeed be released sometime in 2014 after China commercial launch and the new blade and soul anime in Japan.
After launching services for 1 year and 6 months after launching "Blade and Soul Season 2 - The Hell". Hyung-tae Kim has left from Team Bloodlust and ending the status of Blade&Soul art director. He interview to the South Korean press him tell about Blade and soul can achieve to the goal as the team guided during the game development. However, he left to create a new goal for War of Genesis IV: Spiral Genesis online game at Softmax.
Media.
Anime.
There will be a anime based on the game, starring Aoi Yūki as Jin Valel, Ayahi Takagaki as Dan Roana, Sora Amamiya as Jin Hazuki, and Sayaka Ohara as Elle Karen. Hiroshi Hamasaki and Hiroshi Takeuchi will direct the anime at studio Gonzo from scripts by Atsuhiro Tomioka. Eri Nagata is adapting Hyung-Tae Kim's game character designs for animation and serving as chief animation director. 

</doc>
<doc id="18684787" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18684787" title="Teng Fei">
Teng Fei

Teng Fei (born 1988-01-23 in Beijing) is a female Chinese water polo player who was part of the silver medal winning team at the 2007 World Junior Championship. She will compete at the 2008 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="18684789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18684789" title="John Price (South Australian politician)">
John Price (South Australian politician)

John Lloyd Price (14 February 1882 – 23 April 1941) was an Australian politician. 
Biography.
Born in Liverpool, South Australia, the son of future South Australian Premier Thomas Price, he was educated at public schools before entering the state public service in the railways. He was President of the South Australian Trades and Labour Council and of the South Australian Labor Party. In 1915, he was elected to the South Australian Legislative Assembly as the Labor member for Port Adelaide, a position he held until 1925. In 1928, he was elected to the Australian House of Representatives as the Labor member for Boothby, defeating sitting Nationalist Jack Duncan-Hughes. In 1931, Price, together with several other Labor MPs, left the Labor Party and merged with the Nationalists to form the United Australia Party under the leadership of Joseph Lyons. He held the seat until his death in 1941.

</doc>
<doc id="18684792" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18684792" title="Catholic Association for International Peace">
Catholic Association for International Peace

The Catholic Association for International Peace was founded in 1927 by John A. Ryan.
Opposition to the Vietnam War.
They joined other religious organizations in urging a halt to the bombing of North and South Vietnam.

</doc>
<doc id="18684801" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18684801" title="Stefanía Fernández">
Stefanía Fernández

Stefanía Fernández Krupij (born September 4, 1990) is a Venezuelan beauty pageant titleholder who won the Miss Venezuela 2008 and Miss Universe 2009 titles. She earned a Guinness record by being the first Miss Universe winner who was crowned by a compatriot.
Personal life.
Fernández is of Ukrainian, Polish, Russian and Spanish (Galician) origin. Her mother is Nadia Krupij Holojad, whose Ukrainian father immigrated from the Soviet Union during the period of Communist rule.
Miss Venezuela 2008.
Fernández won the Miss Venezuela 2008 title in a pageant held in Caracas on September 10, 2008. She was crowned by the outgoing titleholder, Dayana Mendoza, Miss Venezuela 2007 and Miss Universe 2008. Fernández also won the ""Miss Elegance"", ""Best Body"", and ""Best Face"", titles. She became the second Miss Trujillo to win that title since the Miss Venezuela pageant first began in 1952 and also the second Miss Trujillo to win Miss Universe. The first was Bárbara Palacios, Miss Venezuela 1986 and Miss Universe 1986.
Miss Universe 2008, Dayana Mendoza (also from Venezuela), crowned her as Miss Universe 2009 on August 23, 2009, in Nassau, Bahamas. This marked the first time in Miss Universe history the same country won the crown in consecutive years.
Her prize package included cash; a year contract promoting Miss Universe; world travel; a rent-free, prestigious New York luxury apartment; a gift bag stuffed with designer shoes, dresses, and beauty products; a US$100,000 stipend for a two-year course at the New York Film Academy; and free access to famous fashion houses and beauty parlors. Fernández intends to spend her year-long reign traveling the world to lecture on humanitarian issues and to promote education regarding HIV/AIDS.
Miss Universe 2009.
After her crowning, Fernández was interviewed by CNN en Español, Fox News, EFE agency (Spain), the Associated Press, Univision, Reuters, RTN (Ukraine), Televisa (Mexico), Venevisión (Venezuela), Caracol Televisión (Colombia), La Mega, Telemetro (Panama), MUN2, Televen (Venezuela), RCN TV (Colombia), Promar TV, Globovisión (Venezuela), Telemundo, Telecentro, Venevision Plus, Gem FM (Indonesia), "The Wendy Williams Show", NBC's "Today", "Fox & Friends", "Don Francisco Presenta", "El Gordo y la Flaca", and others. Her arrival to Venezuela was transmitted by Venezuelan television; she had a homage in "Super Sabado Sensacional" during five hour special on Venevisión (Venezuela's main TV network).
Fernández received a Guinness record for being the first contestant to Miss Universe which is crowned by a compatriot (Dayana Mendoza, Miss Universe 2008).
The President of Venezuela, Hugo Chávez, congratulated Fernández, and he gave her his support against her campaign against AIDS. He also gave his government's support. In October, she travelled to Jakarta, Bandung and Medan, in Indonesia, where she crowned the Indonesian representative for the Miss Universe 2010 pageant.
In November, she traveled again to Indonesia, specifically to the Bali island, when she filmed a commercial of vitamins. On her return to New York, she was in a press conference about HIV, in which she appeared with Ban Ki-moon, the Secretary-General of the United Nations, and with recognised Venezuelan fashion designer Carolina Herrera. On 5 November 2009, she served as a presenter at the Latin Grammy Awards in Las Vegas, United States, sharing with Puerto Rican salsa singer Víctor Manuelle. At her second presentation in Venezuela, specifically in the Plaza de Toros Monumental de Maracaibo, where there was a crowd of 15,000 people, they gave a recognition (Orchid Award) to Fernández at Orchid Festival of Chinita Fair.
She also traveled to Cannes, France, on 9 December 2009, for the Five Star Diamond awards, with Miss USA Kristen Dalton, and to Willemstad, Curaçao and Barquisimeto, Venezuela, as well, in early January 2010, for the Procesión de la Divina Pastora (Procession of the Holy Shepherdess). Fernández traveled to Puerto Rico in February 2010 to host "Levántate", a Telemundo TV show; then travelled to New York, where she appeared on "The Oprah Winfrey Show".
In September, March, and April, she travelled to Moscow, São Paulo, Mumbai, Nassau, Caracas, and Prague, where she crowned the respective representatives of those countries for the Miss Universe 2010 pageant. She then flew to Colombia (she was invited to promote the Kimberly-Clark brand), Panama (where she served as a presenter for Sony), and to Puerto Rico again, for the Puerto Rico Open.
In May, Fernández travelled to República Dominicana Fashion Week in the Dominican Republic. Shortly thereafter, Fernández was named in the 50 Most Beautiful People list by "People en Español". On 29 April 2010, Fernández served as a presenter at the Latin Billboard Music Awards in Puerto Rico. In March 2010, Stefania became the official face of Avon Products.
During her reign, Fernández travelled to Indonesia, Curaçao, Venezuela, France, Puerto Rico, Russia, Colombia, Panama, the Czech Republic, the Bahamas, Mexico, the Dominican Republic, Brazil, India, Argentina, Spain, Rwanda, and Ecuador; in addition to numerous trips around the USA.
On 23 August 2010, Fernández passed her crown to Ximena Navarrete, Miss Mexico. During her final catwalk, she unveiled a Venezuelan flag with only seven stars. Venezuelan president Hugo Chávez had ordered the flag changed from seven to eight stars in 2006. The display of the old flag was seen by Investor's Business Daily as a protest against the new policies of Chávez.

</doc>
<doc id="18684802" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18684802" title="Liu Ping (water polo)">
Liu Ping (water polo)

Liu Ping (born 1 May 1987 in Beijing) is a female Chinese water polo player. She was part of the silver medal winning team at the 2007 World Junior Championship. She also competed at the 2008 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="18684807" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18684807" title="Suffolk County Historical Society Building">
Suffolk County Historical Society Building

Suffolk County Historical Society Building is a museum and library dedicated to preserving historic artifacts of Suffolk County, New York, as well as other parts of Long Island. It is located at 300 West Main Street as well as Osborn Avenue and Court Street in Riverhead, New York.
Though the museum building itself has only been around since 1930, the Suffolk County Historical Society was established in 1886 by residents of the county who were concerned about preserving its heritage. Riverhead was chosen as the location of the new society because it's the County Seat of Suffolk County, and County Surrogate Judge James H. Tuthill became the first President. The society began collecting items almost immediately, and the first displays were placed in a small glass case in Tuthill’s Riverhead office. Unfortunately, the collection soon outgrew the Judge's office, and in 1893 a small building at the corner of Griffing Avenue and Main Street in Riverhead, which formerly housed the County Clerk's Office, was purchased. Eventually, the growing collection of documents and artifacts outgrew that space too. 
The building was designed by August Galow with Colonial Revival styling. It was built on land donated by Alice O. Perkins, the widow of prominent Riverhead resident John Perkins during the 1920s, and was completed in 1930. Extensions were added in 1951 and 1964. 
The library boasts more than 20,000 volumes and over of manuscripts, including records, ledgers, diaries, maps, atlases, post cards, newspapers, and other paperwork. In 1994, the building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Suffolk County Historical Society Museum.
The museum's collection included Native American artifacts, farm implements, whaling tools, fine arts, antique furniture, household ceramics, guns from the Civil War and other periods, and a Transport Exhibit containing horse-drawn wagons, sleighs, carriages, bicycles, and even a 1905 Curved Dash Oldsmobile.
The museum and library continue to serve as a vital resource for people who are interested in the history of Suffolk County.

</doc>
<doc id="18684808" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18684808" title="Greatwood And Cliff Copses SSSI">
Greatwood And Cliff Copses SSSI

Greatwood And Cliff Copses are two wooded areas totalling 16.3 hectares which are a Site of special scientific interest to the southwest of Shanklin. The site was notified in 1986 for its biological features.

</doc>
<doc id="18684812" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18684812" title="Nanikhir High School">
Nanikhir High School

Nanikhir High School (NHS) (Bengali: ননীক্ষীর উচ্চ বিদ্যালয়) is a famous school in the town of Nanikhir, Gopalganj District, Bangladesh
History.
Nanikhir High School was established during the British rule in Bangladesh in 1937. Some of the country's famous students studied there. Surendra Nath Dutta commonly known as SN Dutta was the founder of the Nanikhir High School, which founded ar 1937. Mr. Dutta has gone to India after India Pakistan formation at 1947. SN Dutta was assigned by a Force TC to higher study at England order by the British Government. He married a British woman when he lived in London. After return from England he founded two schools one is Nanikhir High School and another was a Girl School but the Nanikhir High School is still exist.

</doc>
<doc id="18684813" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18684813" title="Benham Park">
Benham Park

Benham Park is a mansion (on the site of Benham Valence Manor) in the English county of Berkshire, within the civil parish of Speen. It is located west of Newbury, not far off the A34, near the village of Marsh Benham.
The house was built by Henry Holland and Capability Brown for William, 6th Baron Craven in 1775. It was later the home of his widow, Elizabeth and her second husband, the Margrave of Anspach. The building is Grade II listed, and one of its pairs of ornate gate piers is Grade I listed.
The building was converted into offices in 1983 by the IT company Norsk Data, who used it as their headquarters for European operations (outside Norway), until the company's dissolution in 1992. Then it was home to 2e2 an ICT Lifecycle Services Provider till 2012 when that was dissolved. Also within the grounds is based Cognito a mobile data solution provider, Exony and Idox.

</doc>
<doc id="18684829" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18684829" title="Sun Yujun">
Sun Yujun

Sun Yujun (born 1987-01-30 in Tianjin) is a female Chinese water polo player who was part of the silver medal winning team at the 2007 World Junior Championship. She will compete at the 2008 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="18684834" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18684834" title="FC Dnipro-3 Dnipropetrovsk">
FC Dnipro-3 Dnipropetrovsk

FC Dnipro-3 Dnipropetrovsk is a Ukrainian football team based in Dnipropetrovsk, Ukraine. The team is the 3rd squad team or junior team from the FC Dnipro Dnipropetrovsk franchise.
The team spent a short stint in the Ukrainian Second Division. After the reserve club Dnipro-2 was promoted to the Persha Liha after the 1999-2000 season the club's administration decide to enter the 3rd squad team or junior team into Ukrainian Second Division.
However, after 2 seasons the club was relegated from the professional ranks.

</doc>
<doc id="18684838" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18684838" title="Antimaterialism">
Antimaterialism

In philosophy, antimaterialism can mean one of several metaphysical or religious beliefs that are specifically opposed to materialism, the notion that only matter exists. These beliefs include:
In economics, antimaterialism may refer to simple living or beliefs opposed to consumerism, known as anti-consumerism.

</doc>
<doc id="18684839" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18684839" title="He Jin (water polo)">
He Jin (water polo)

He Jin (born 3 May 1987 in Tianjin) is a female Chinese water polo player who was part of the silver medal winning team at the 2007 World Junior Championship. She will compete at the 2008 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="18684847" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18684847" title="Locks Farm Meadow">
Locks Farm Meadow

Locks Farm Meadow is a 2.3 hectare Site of special scientific interest which just east of Porchfield, England. The site was notified in 1988 for its biological features.

</doc>
<doc id="18684859" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18684859" title="Boholt River">
Boholt River

The Boholt River ( ) is a tributary of the Mureş River in Transylvania, Romania.

</doc>
<doc id="18684867" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18684867" title="Sun Yating">
Sun Yating

Sun Yating (born 24 February 1988 in Tianjin) is a female Chinese professional water polo player, who was part of the silver medal winning team at the 2007 World Junior Championship. She has competed at the 2008 and 2012 Summer Olympics. She has played for Olympiacos in Greece, where she won the Greek Championship.

</doc>
<doc id="18684881" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18684881" title="Ashley Taws">
Ashley Taws

__NOTOC__
Ashley Taws (born November 1, 1983 in Toronto, Ontario) is a Canadian racing driver. 
Taws started racing at the age of nine when her father bought go-karts for her and her brother. Taws was a co-winner of the 2002 Rookie of the Year award for Canadian Formula Ford, a season in which she became the first woman in the race series to take a pole position. She was then injured as a passenger in a traffic accident; she sustained internal injuries and a broken back. She returned to racing in 2007. In 2008 she competed in the NASCAR Canadian Tire Series in selected races; she only qualified for one race, at Circuit Gilles Villeneuve, where she finished 32nd in the NAPA Autopro 100.
Both prior to her accident, and after her return, Taws was sponsored by Mattel with her driving a pink "Barbie" car.

</doc>
<doc id="18684884" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18684884" title="Billingbear">
Billingbear

Billingbear is a village in Berkshire, England, within the civil parish of Binfield. Billingbear House was in the adjoining parish of Waltham St Lawrence.
The settlement lies between the A329(M) and M4 motorways, and is located near to the interchange of the two roads. 

</doc>
<doc id="18684888" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18684888" title="Wang Ying (water polo)">
Wang Ying (water polo)

Wang Ying (born 7 August 1988 in Guangxi) is a female Chinese water polo player who was part of the gold medal winning team at the 2007 National Championship Tournament. She will compete at the 2008 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="18684891" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18684891" title="Mankad (surname)">
Mankad (surname)

Mankad is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Mankad is a surname usually dominates Hindu Vadnagara Nagar Family, from Gujarat.

</doc>
<doc id="18684902" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18684902" title="Gao Ao">
Gao Ao

Gao Ao (born 26 July 1990 in Beijing) is a female Chinese water polo player who was part of the silver medal winning team at the 2007 World Junior Championship. She competed at the 2008 Summer Olympics and the 2012 Summer Olympics. She has also played water polo at Arizona State University.

</doc>
<doc id="18684903" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18684903" title="Oliver Badman">
Oliver Badman

Albert Oliver Badman (18 December 1885 – 24 April 1977) was an Australian politician. Born in Yacka, South Australia, he was educated at state schools before becoming a wheat farmer and wheat breeder. He was a Methodist lay preacher and President of the South Australian Country Party before entering Parliament. In 1931, he was elected to the Australian Senate for South Australia, representing the Country Party. In 1937, Badman transferred to the House of Representatives, winning the seat of Grey. The United Australia Party (UAP) did not contest the seat as the Country Party had agreed to allow the UAP's sitting member for Grey, Philip McBride, to take Badman's place in the Senate. Together with fellow Country Party members Arthur Fadden, Bernard Corser and Thomas Collins, Badman dissociated himself from party leader Earle Page after the latter made attacks on the leader of the UAP, Robert Menzies; the exclusion of these four led to the election of Page supporter Archie Cameron as the party's next leader. In 1940, Cameron defected to the UAP, and the Country Party in South Australia ceased to exist; Badman became, in effect, a UAP member. He was defeated in 1943, and returned to farming. He was President of the Primary Producers' Union of South Australia from 1954 to 1961. Badman died in 1977.

</doc>
<doc id="18684904" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18684904" title="Northpark Copse">
Northpark Copse

Northpark Copse is a 9.9 hectare Site of special scientific interest which is east of Shalfleet. The site was notified in 1986 for its biological features.

</doc>
<doc id="18684912" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18684912" title="Wang Yi (water polo)">
Wang Yi (water polo)

Wang Yi (; born July 29, 1987 in Shandong) is a female Chinese water polo player who was part of the silver medal winning team at the 2007 World Junior Championship. She competed at the 2008 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="18684918" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18684918" title="Ma Huanhuan">
Ma Huanhuan

Ma Huanhuan (born 13 January 1990 in Guangxi) is a female Chinese professional water polo player who was part of the silver medal winning team at the 2007 World Junior Championship. She has competed at the 2008 and 2012 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="18684919" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18684919" title="Dave Windass">
Dave Windass

Dave Windass, born in west Hull in 1965, is an English playwright.
Windass is a former theatre critic for The Stage and a journalist for the Hull Daily Mail. While part of the new writers group at Hull Truck Theatre, he wrote his first full-length play in 2005, "Kicked into Touch", about the 1980 Challenge Cup Final when Hull KR met arch rivals Hull FC at Wembley, and then wrote the play "Sully", a biography of the rugby league legend Clive Sullivan in 2006. He became a full-time playwright in 2007, and received a grant from Arts Council England to write a play about J. Arthur Rank. He used his experience of working at the Hull Daily Mail to tell the story of the community and people around the RNLI station at Spurn Point on the coast of the East Riding of Yorkshire, England, in the play "On A Shout", which was premiered at Hull Truck Theatre in January 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="18684923" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18684923" title="Passumpsic">
Passumpsic

Passumpsic is a native American word meaning "clear running water" and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18684929" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18684929" title="Sun Huizi">
Sun Huizi

Sun Huizi (born 1990-06-11 in Liaoning) is a female Chinese water polo player who was part of the silver medal winning team at the 2007 World Junior Championship. She competed at the 2008 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="18684938" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18684938" title="Qiao Leiying">
Qiao Leiying

Qiao Leiying (born 24 August 1989 in Liaoning) is a female Chinese water polo player who was part of the silver medal winning team at the 2007 World Junior Championship. She will compete at the 2008 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="18684941" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18684941" title="The Dogs of War (comics)">
The Dogs of War (comics)

The Dogs of War, also known as The Briones Brothers, is a fictional supervillain duo created by Richard Dominguez and published by Azteca Productions. Both characters made a cameo appearance in the conclusion of "El Gato Negro" #3 (Sept. 1995) and made their first "full" appearance in "El Gato Negro" #4 (June 1997). 
Javier "Rottweiler" Briones and Jaimé "Pit-Bull" Briones are brothers, nephews of South Texas drug lord Boss Ochoa, and therefore the cousins of El Graduado. Both brothers are highly trained mercenaries and assassins who take pleasure in their own brutality.
Publication history.
While their first published appearance is considered to be in "El Gato Negro" # 4 (June 1997) both characters did make a cameo appearance at the conclusion of the ""Unknown Passing, Unforgettable Return"" storyline from El Gato Negro #3, obscured in shadow. In their first "full" appearance it is revealed that both brothers are the owners and proprietors of Briones Entertainment Ltd. recording business, a coherent company of Ochoa Enterprises in Corpus Christi. Just prior to their introduction, Boss Ochoa placed a large contract on El Gato Negro's life, and specifically contacting his nephews to complete the job. El Gato Negro was lured in to an ambush at the Ochoa Civic Center in McAllen, Texas where the vicious Briones brothers nearly beat the hero to death. The Dogs of War were to be featured in the subsequent storyline, ""And now: Relampago!"" but the El Gato Negro series went on hiatus soon after the fourth issue, ending the series in a cliffhanger. There are currently plans to release a graphic novel compilation which will contain the previously unpublished issue.
Fictional character biographies.
Javier and Jaimé Briones are the sons of David "Spike" Briones and Mary Helen Ochoa. David, one of Boss Ochoa's most trusted lieutenants, met Mary Helen Ochoa at one of his many beachfront parties. Becoming inseparable, both were married with Boss Ochoa's approval. Obsessed with his sons growing up to become great fighters, David subjected them to brutal training sessions. Jaimé became the more vicious of the two, having to prove himself as the younger sibling. They later found jobs as bouncers at some of the most popular nightclubs in Corpus Christi, including the Ochoa-owned Tejano del Mar. Both attended Del Mar College where they majored in business and management, in order to maintain Briones Entertainment Ltd. They currently operate as mercenaries and Boss Ochoa's personal guards.
Skills, abilities, resources.
While the Dogs of War possess no superhuman abilities, they more than make up for it with an arsenal of weaponry ranging from automatic and semi-automatic weapons, explosives, and combat knives. However, no amount of weaponry can compare to the rush they both feel when in unarmed combat. Both are Gulf Coast Golden Gloves Champions, and often have 5-10 minute workouts where they partake in Texas-style Barroom Brawls.

</doc>
<doc id="18684946" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18684946" title="Tan Ying (water polo)">
Tan Ying (water polo)

Tan Ying (born June 30, 1987 in Ningxia) is a female Chinese water polo player who was part of the national team at the 2006 World Cup. She will compete at the 2008 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="18684949" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18684949" title="Edgar Russell">
Edgar Russell

Edgar Hughes Degenaart Russell (24 October 1890 – 31 March 1963) was an Australian politician. Born at Booleroo Centre in South Australia, he was educated at public schools, where he became a bank clerk and manager, and later a private accountant. In 1943, he was elected to the Australian House of Representatives as the Labor member for Grey, defeating sitting United Australia Party member Oliver Badman. He held the seat until his death in 1963.

</doc>
<doc id="18684953" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18684953" title="Wirehead (video game)">
Wirehead (video game)

Wirehead is an interactive movie developed by the Code Monkeys and MGM Interactive for the Sega CD, and published by Sega in 1995.
"Wirehead" was one of the last games released for the Sega CD, and one of the platform's most ambitious full-motion video productions. An enhanced version of the game was planned for the Sega 32X, but the project was cancelled.
Gameplay.
Ned Hubbard (Steve Witting) is a mild-mannered family man who just happens to have a wireless device implanted into his brain. When strange men attempt to kidnap Ned from his home, he flees for his life. The player guides Ned by manipulating his brain–computer interface. Every few seconds, the player must react quickly to an audiovisual prompt, and guide Ned in one of three or four possible directions. In most cases, one option advances the game, and the others lead to Ned's downfall. Although Ned's evasive manoeuvres are almost invariably non-violent, a few circumstances instigate "combat mode", in which the player has two attack options: punch or kick.

</doc>
<doc id="18684963" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18684963" title="Rowridge Valley">
Rowridge Valley

Rowridge Valley is a 39.8 hectare Site of special scientific interest which is 2km east of the village of Calbourne and just east of the Rowridge Transmitter mast. The site was notified in 1951 for its biological features.

</doc>
<doc id="18684965" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18684965" title="Natale Iamonte">
Natale Iamonte

Natale Iamonte (Melito di Porto Salvo, May 7, 1927) is an Italian criminal and a historical boss of the 'Ndrangheta. The Iamonte 'Ndrina is based in Melito di Porto Salvo and Montebello Ionico on the Ionic coast of Calabria. Iamonte was a member of La Santa, a secret society within the 'Ndrangheta, introduced in the early 1970s to maximize the power and invisibility of the most important bosses. He also became a member of the "La Provincia", a provincial commission of the 'Ndrangheta formed at the end of the Second 'Ndrangheta war in September 1991, to avoid further internal conflicts. His name is sometimes spelled as Jamonte.
From butcher to millionaire.
Iamonte rose to power by killing the local Ndrangheta boss Giuseppe Trimarchi in the 1960s. Originally a butcher, he made his fortune skimming off public contracts destined for the development of Calabria which was among the poorest regions of Italy. The construction of a refinery of Liquichimica in Saline Ioniche – a project that would amount to 300 billion lire – was one those projects that was completed in 1979. The plant never became operative because it was built on unstable terrain, subject to landslides, despite the warnings of the head of the local civil engineer office who died in a strange car accident. 
The port inside the plant was subsequently used to offload arms and drug shipments from the Middle East against the payment of a fee to the Iamonte clan which controlled the territory. The service included transports for the Sicilian Mafia boss, Nitto Santapaola, who headed the Mafia family of Catania on Sicily’s east coast. Iamonte and his ally Paolo De Stefano secured arms and drug transports when the harbour of Catania was controlled too strictly. In return Santapaola helped the Iamonte clan to get subcontracts for the construction of a railway repair yard in Saline with the construction company of Carmelo Costanzo from Catania.
Political connections.
According to several pentiti (Mafia turncoats) Giacomo Mancini – a one time secretary of the Italian Socialist Party (PSI) and two times government minister – was supported by Iamonte who delivered the necessary votes to get him elected in Parliament. Mancini allegedly tried to adjust the sentence of Natale’s son Vincenzo Iamonte, and helped to acquire contracts for the construction of the Liquichimica plant. Mancini denied any links with the 'Ndrangheta boss, and was acquitted of the charges.
Explosives.
The Iamonte clan held a large deposit of explosives. The stock originated from the vessel Laura C. which was sunk by a British submarine in 1941 near Saline Ioniche while carrying some 700 metric tonnes of explosives from Naples to North Africa. Apparently part of it was recuperated by the clan and might have been used for the bomb that killed Antimafia judge Giovanni Falcone in May 1992 and the bombing campaign by the Sicilian Mafia in 1993 in the Via dei Georgofili in Florence, in Via Palestro in Milan and in the Piazza San Giovanni in Laterano and Via San Teodoro in Rome, which left 10 people dead and 93 injured as well as damage to centres of cultural heritage such as the Uffizi Gallery.
Iamonte was also involved in radioactive waste dumping by the 'Ndrangheta, sinking ships near Melito di Porto Salvo.
Arrest.
Natale Iamonte was sent in internal banishment in 1988 to the north of Italy. The measure was meant to remove him from the criminal environment in Calabria. He stayed in Desio with his relative Natale Moscato, a local town councillor for urban planning with the Italian Socialist Party (PSI). The Iamonte clan started to invest their illicit profits in the area. In December 1995, the police seized assets worth 50 billion lire in the Brianza region, near Milan.
Iamonte was arrested in November 1993. He was succeeded by his sons, Vincenzo and Giuseppe Iamonte, who were arrested in May and July 2005. Natale Iamonte is currently in prison under the strict 41-bis prison regime.

</doc>
<doc id="18684993" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18684993" title="Jack Mortimer">
Jack Mortimer

Jack Mortimer (1913 – 8 February 1973) was an Australian politician. He received a primary education before becoming a farmer in South Australia. He served in the military 1942-1946 and returned as a waterside worker in Port Lincoln. In 1963, he was elected to the Australian House of Representatives as the Labor member for Grey. He held the seat until his defeat in 1966, after which he became a businessman in Port Lincoln. Mortimer died in 1973.

</doc>
<doc id="18685004" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18685004" title="Giuseppe Iamonte">
Giuseppe Iamonte

Giuseppe Iamonte (Melito di Porto Salvo, 1949) is an Italian criminal and a member of the 'Ndrangheta. He was a fugitive since 1993 and included in the list of most wanted fugitives in Italy until his capture in May 2005.
He is the son of the historical boss of the clan, Natale Iamonte, based in Melito di Porto Salvo on the Ionic coast of Calabria.
He was arrested on May 14, 2005, to serve a 20 year sentence on charges of mafia association and drug trafficking.
His brother Vincenzo Iamonte, also wanted since 1993, was arrested two and half monts later on July 30, 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="18685016" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18685016" title="773rd Tank Destroyer Battalion">
773rd Tank Destroyer Battalion

The 773rd Tank Destroyer Battalion was a tank destroyer battalion of the United States Army active during the Second World War.
Early service.
The battalion was activated in July 1941, as the 73rd Provisional Anti-Tank Battalion, to take part in the Louisiana maneuvers that summer as part of the 2nd Provisional Anti-Tank Group. The battalion was formed from AT batteries from the 141st and 166th Field Artillery Regiments, as well as personnel from the 190th Field Artillery Regiment; the 141st was drawn from the Louisiana Army National Guard, with the 166th and 190th coming from the Pennsylvania Army National Guard. In December 1941, it was formally converted to a tank destroyer unit, becoming the 773rd Tank Destroyer Battalion.
It remained in the United States until January 1944, when it was shipped to the United Kingdom aboard the liner "Aquitania". Through April and June it operated three marshaling camps in southern England, providing accommodation and administration for combat troops being prepared for the Normandy landings.
Normandy and France.
After a brief retraining period, the battalion landed in Normandy on 8 August, equipped with M10 Wolverine tank destroyers, and was assigned to XV Corps. It entered combat on 17 August, fighting at the southern tip of the Falaise pocket outside Argentan; over four days it accounted for 41 tanks and 80 other vehicles, and was awarded the Presidential Unit Citation.
It moved up to the Seine in late August, establishing a bridgehead over the river on the 27th, before being withdrawn to Paris for rest. It returned to the line on 10 September, attached to the 79th Infantry Division, and fought along the Moselle River until the 29th, when it was directed to help clear the Parroy Forest near the town of Parroy, Lunéville district in the Lorraine region. After intense combat, this was cleared on 9 October. The bodies of three MIA's killed in action during the battle, but were not identified until recently, were buried in Arlington National Cemetery on July 20, 2011. On the 19th the battalion was returned to XV Corps reserve. It was moved north to join XX Corps on the 16th, and attached to the 95th Infantry Division on the 25th.
It was briefly in the line outside Metz, holding defensive positions, but was withdrawn on 7 November (being replaced by the 818th Tank Destroyer Battalion), and moved northwards to join the 90th Infantry Division. It crossed the Moselle for the third time north of Metz on the 12th, helping shore up a fragile bridgehead, then pushed south; on the 19th, elements of the battalion linked up with the 5th Infantry Division, sealing off the Metz garrison, then pushed east towards the Saar River.
The Ardennes and Germany.
The battalion crossed the Saar outside Dillingen on 10 December, where a force of infantry from the 90th Division had established a hard-pressed bridgehead. It supported the push into the town on 15 December, but with the German offensive in the Ardennes the bridgehead was evacuated, and the 90th Division established defensive positions on the west bank. On 6 January it was ordered north to Luxembourg, on the southern flank of the German salient, and entered combat on the 9th.
On 17 January, holding positions at Oberwampach, east of Bastogne, the battalion destroyed a large number of vehicles from the 1st SS Panzer Division; at the end of the day, the battalion's total number of tank kills for the war stood at 102, making them the first tank destroyer battalion to knock out more than a hundred tanks.
On 26 January the battalion moved to Biwisch, crossing the Our River into Germany on the 30th and fighting through the Siegfried Line. It pushed east through February and March, and on 14 March crossed the Moselle for the fourth time, opening a bridgehead for the 4th Armored Division. On 16 March, the battalion reached the Rhine River at its confluence with the Moselle near Koblenz.
The battalion crossed the Rhine on 23 March, near Oppenheim, and captured Darmstadt on the 25th. It pushed north-east towards the River Main, and followed behind the 4th Armored Division clearing up small pockets of resistance which had been bypassed. On 1 April, it arrived in Bad Hersfeld and moved east towards the Czech border; a company was left in Merkers to provide security for the salt mine there, which contained the German financial reserves – a hundred tons of gold, as well as a large amount of looted artwork.
Elements of the battalion entered Czechoslovakia on 18 April, the first American troops to reach the country, and the battalion pushed south along the border, protecting the left flank of XII Corps as it moved into southern Germany. The battalion ended the war just inside Czechoslovakia, and on 14 May withdrew to Tirschenreuth in Bavaria, to take up occupation duties.
By the end of hostilities, the battalion had seen 254 days of combat, and taken 356 casualties. It had destroyed 138 tanks and self-propelled guns, as well as over a hundred pillboxes, and taken almost 2,000 prisoners of war.
In the early 21st century, the unit exists as the redesignated 773rd Military Police Bn. Louisiana Army National Guard.

</doc>
<doc id="18685023" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18685023" title="Cestos River">
Cestos River

The Cestos River is a Liberian river that rises in the Nimba Range of Guinea and flows south along the Côte d'Ivoire border, then southwest through tracks of Liberian rain forest to empty into a bay on the Atlantic Ocean where the city River Cess is located. The Pygmy Hippopotamus ("Choeropsis liberiensis") is known to inhabit lands along stretches of the river. It forms the northern third of the international boundary between Liberia and Côte d'Ivoire.
During the First Liberian Civil War, the portion of the river near the city of Cestos was a leading food and mineral extraction region for the National Patriotic Front of Liberia.

</doc>
<doc id="18685025" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18685025" title="Abel González Chávez">
Abel González Chávez

Abel González Chávez (born July 26, 1943) is a Colombian radio/television host. Since 1996, González has hosted a daily radio program on Emisora Atlántico called "Satélite".
Early life.
González was born Abel Antonio González Chávez in Barranquilla, Colombia. He studied at Colón High School (1960). As a young man he began to work in the Barranquilla media. His father was fond of radio and an amateur singer. The radio atmosphere in Barranquilla during the 50s marked him for good. Encouraged by Marcos Pérez Caicedo he initially tried to become a broadcaster. In 1964 he passed an exam in Bogotá and finally received his radio licence. His main influences were Marcos Pérez Caicedo, Gustavo Castillo and Juan Illera Palacio. Other radio personalities who also influenced him were Carlos Consuegra Donado and Tomás Barraza Manotas. His first work was as a disk jockey for Variedades radio station, and he later practiced at Radio Reloj. He was Édgar Perea's commercial announcer and assistant at Riomar radio station, a copywriter and an Account Executive for Sonovista Advertising Co. and a columnist for El Heraldo newspaper. In 1971, along with Édgar Perea, Fabio Poveda, Jorge Humberto Klee, Chaco Senior and Cheíto Feliciano, he created the "Panamericana de la Costa" radio station (from the Sutatenza radio station) during the Pan American Games in Cali to broadcast the games for the Colombian Caribbean region.
Consolidation.
Towards the end of 1977 González went to Bogotá and began to work at Punch Televisión. He was a commentator for the 1978 Soccer World Cup. 1978 was the year when color television started in Colombia. He worked as Caracol commercial director in Cali, as a radio talk host for Todelar in Barranquilla and as a radio talk host for Sutatenza in Bogotá.
In the early 1980s he hosted the "Suena la campana" (The Bell Rings) boxing program on national TV. By the end of that decade, he hosted the "Sábados Espectaculares" (Spectacular Saturdays) variety show on the regional channel Telecaribe, where he was known as "The Man with the Hat" and with which he won the India Catalina Award. In 1988 he won the Postobón National Award for his documentary "Campeón a la colombiana, campeón a la americana" (Colombian champion, American champion), where he portrayed the differences in resources and means between an American boxing champion as Sugar Ray Leonard and the Colombian boxing champion Fidel Bassa. From 1984 to 1994 he hosted the "La Verdad" (The Truth) radio program on Emisora Atlántico. In 1995 he hosted "Tempranito y de Mañana" (Early in the morning) on Barranquilla's Uniautónoma Estéreo.
Information Technology Pioneer.
González has been an innovator and a visionary in Information Technology. In 1981 he incorporated Information Technology to journalism in Colombia, obtaining soccer and baseball statistics in dBase 3. Around 1983 he used the Internet and incorporated it to his work accessing Major League Baseball statistics. From 1995 to 1996, he directed the "Sport Colombia" sports web portal and from 1999 to 2000, "Satelitecaribe.com". Currently, his radio show Satélite is broadcast live on the Internet.
Present activities.
González presently hosts the Satélite radio show on Emisora Atlántico, a variety show also broadcast live on the Internet. In 2008 he founded the Caribe Sano Foundation to carry out activities in aid of the coastal region people. For half a year Abel lives in Barranquilla and the rest in the United States, from where he also hosts Satélite.

</doc>
<doc id="18685044" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18685044" title="Don Jessop">
Don Jessop

Donald Scott "Don" Jessop (born 21 June 1927) was an Australian politician. Born in Adelaide, he was educated at state schools and then the University of Adelaide, after which he became an optometrist at Port Augusta. He was a councillor with Port Augusta City. In 1966, he was elected to the Australian House of Representatives as the Liberal member for Grey, defeating sitting Labor member Jack Mortimer. He was defeated in 1969, but in 1970 was elected to the Senate. He remained in the Senate until he was defeated in 1987.

</doc>
<doc id="18685063" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18685063" title="Brightwalton Green">
Brightwalton Green

Brightwalton Green is a hamlet in Berkshire, England, and part of the civil parish of Brightwalton. The settlement lies near to the A338 road, and is situated approximately north-west of Newbury.

</doc>
<doc id="18685070" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18685070" title="Rivers and Fisheries Trusts of Scotland">
Rivers and Fisheries Trusts of Scotland

The Rivers and Fisheries Trusts of Scotland (RAFTS) (also known as the Association of Scottish River & Fishery Management Trusts) is a waterway society, an unincorporated association, a Scottish charity, and an umbrella organisation for river trusts in Scotland, based in Edinburgh.
RAFTS is the representative of all of Scotland's river systems. It develops Codes of Conduct and educational opportunities.
The work of RAFTS includes research, monitoring, conservation, education, training, practical restoration work, and provision of advice to fishery and riparian owners.
RAFTS works with schools, local authorities, biodiversity action groups, public bodies, government bodies, businesses, private individuals, fishery owners, anglers and district salmon fishery boards. 
List of members:

</doc>
<doc id="18685085" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18685085" title="Whitecliff Bay And Bembridge Ledges SSSI">
Whitecliff Bay And Bembridge Ledges SSSI

Whitecliff Bay And Bembridge Ledges is a 131.6 hectare Site of special scientific interest which lies around the coastline of the easternmost part of the Isle of Wight from Bembridge harbour entrance, in the north, around Foreland and stretching to Whitecliff Bay to the south. The site was notified in 1955 for both its biological and geological features.

</doc>
<doc id="18685091" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18685091" title="Wei Qiuyue">
Wei Qiuyue

Wei Qiuyue (; born 26 September 1988 in Tianjin) is a female Chinese volleyball player. She was the captain of China women's national volleyball team between 2008-2012.
Career.
She was part of the bronze medal winning teams at the 2008 Beijing Olympic Games and the silver medal winning teams at the 2007 World Grand Prix.
She won the 2010 Montreux Volley Masters with her national team, being awarded "Best Setter".
She was named Best Setter at the 2010 World Championship.
After a disappointed 5th place at the 2012 Summer Olympics, in 2013 she took a year off from the national team to repair her knee, missed taking part in the national team for one season and then she signed with Igtisadchi Baku in 2013-2014 season along with her former teammates Ma Yunwen and Zhang Lei. Make it her very first time to play for other club instead of Tianjin.
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18685094" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18685094" title="Harbridge">
Harbridge

Harbridge is a small village located some four kilometres north of Ringwood and a similar distance south of Fordingbridge, in southwest Hampshire, England. 
Overview.
The village of Harbridge is at the edge of the low meadow land to the west of the River Avon. To the south lies Somerley, home of the Earls of Normanton.
History.
The name Harbridge probably means "Hearda's bridge". In the Domesday Book of 1086, Bernard the Chamberlain held Harbridge from the King. Before 1066 it had been held by Ulveva. Harbridge is a referred to as a manor by the early 15th century. In the early 19th century the manor passed to the Earl of Normanton, and like nearby Ibsley and Ellingham became part of his estate of Somerley. Harbridge was a civil parish until 1974, when the parish was amalgamated with the parishes of Ellingham and Ibsley.
The church of All Saints consisting of chancel, nave, and west tower, was rebuilt in 1838. The tower retains its 15th-century masonry, but it was raised in the 19th century reconstruction.

</doc>
<doc id="18685101" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18685101" title="Paul Doherty (Gaelic footballer)">
Paul Doherty (Gaelic footballer)

Paul Doherty was an inter-county goalkeeper for Galway.
Doherty made his Championship debut against Mayo in May 2007. He has stayed first choice for the county ever since in the Championship. In the 2007 Connacht SFC semi-final against Leitrim, then manager of Galway, Peter Forde heaped praise on Doherty after he left Leitrim fans reeling in the ’what might have been’ had Donal Brennan's shot inched past the outstretched hands of Doherty. Galway won the game by 0-17 to 1-10
""The opposition is always going to have chances during a 70 minute game. That is what we expect our goalkeeper to do, to pull off a great save like that when it is needed and thankfully he did that. It is important that when the opposition get in on goal that you have a goalie who can pull off a save like that and he proved that today"" Forde said. 
He has played in 2 Connacht finals, 2007, losing to Sligo and 2008, defeating Mayo.
Doherty plays his club football with the famous Tuam Stars. His brother, Conor was a member of Galways victorious All-Ireland Minor Championship team in 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="18685109" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18685109" title="The Wilderness SSSI, Isle of Wight">
The Wilderness SSSI, Isle of Wight

The Wilderness is a 12.6 hectare Site of special scientific interest which is west of Godshill on the Isle of Wight. The site was notified in 1951 due to its status as one of the only surviving pieces of peatland vegetation that remain on the Isle of Wight, and the boundary was slightly modified in 1984 to incorporate some nearby grassland. The majority of the site is composed of unmanaged woodland, dominated by a canopy of oak and sallow trees, sheltering large areas of bramble and tussock sedge. 

</doc>
<doc id="18685122" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18685122" title="Aleksandr Malygin">
Aleksandr Malygin

Aleksandr Malygin (, ) (born on 27 November 1979) is a Russian footballer of Ukrainian descent who currently plays as a defender for FC Rotor Volgograd. He scored the first goal in the history of FC Rostov in the European club tournaments.

</doc>
<doc id="18685126" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18685126" title="Parathyroid carcinoma">
Parathyroid carcinoma

Parathyroid carcinoma is a rare malignant neoplasm resulting in parathyroid adenoma to carcinoma progression. It forms in tissues of one or more of the parathyroid glands (four pea-sized glands in the neck that make parathyroid hormone, which helps the body store and use calcium).
It is rare, and much less common than parathyroid adenoma.
It can be difficult to excise.
Risk factors.
Parathyroid cancer occurs in midlife at the same rate in men and women. 
Conditions that appear to result in an increased risk of parathyroid cancer include multiple endocrine neoplasia type 1, autosomal dominant familial isolated hyperparathyroidism and hyperparathyroidism-jaw tumor syndrome (which also is hereditary). Parathyroid cancer has also been associated with external radiation exposure, but, most reports describe an association between radiation and the more common parathyroid adenoma.
Signs and Symptoms.
Most patients experience moderate to severe hypercalcemia and high parathyroid hormone levels. A large mass in the neck is often seen, and renal and bone abnormalities are common.
Treatment.
Parathyroid carcinoma is sometimes diagnosed during surgery for primary hyperparathyroidism. If the surgeon suspects carcinoma based on severity or invasion of surrounding tissues by a firm parathyroid tumor, aggressive excision is performed, including the thyroid and surrounding tissues as necessary.
Agents such as calcimimetics (for example, Cinacalcet) are used to mimic calcium and are able to activate the parathyroid calcium-sensing receptor (making the parathyroid gland "think" we have more calcium than we actually do), therefore lowering the calcium level, in an attempt to decrease the hypercalcemia.

</doc>
<doc id="18685128" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18685128" title="USS Northampton (SP-670)">
USS Northampton (SP-670)

The first USS "Northampton" (SP-670), was a wooden motor boat acquired by the United States Navy for patrol duty during World War I.
"Northampton" was built by Wilson of Birdsnest, Virginia, and was acquired by the U.S. Navy on free lease from John A. Parsons of Norfolk, Virginia, on 5 May 1917.
"Northampton" was assigned to the 5th Naval District. She operated on section patrol until returned to her owner on 19 December 1918.

</doc>
<doc id="18685138" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18685138" title="Xu Yunli">
Xu Yunli

Xu Yunli (; born 2 August 1987 in Fuqing, Fuzhou, Fujian) is a female Chinese volleyball player. She was part of the gold medal winning team at the 2006 Asian Games and the silver medal winning team at the 2007 World Grand Prix.
Career.
Xu played at the 2013 Club World Championship with Guangdong Evergrande winning the bronze medal after defeating 3-1 to Voléro Zürich.

</doc>
<doc id="18685166" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18685166" title="Kenabeek, Ontario">
Kenabeek, Ontario

Kenabeek (pronounced Ken-a-beck) is an unincorporated community in the Canadian province of Ontario, located within the Unorganized West Part division of Timiskaming District, geographic township of Henwood.
The community is located on Ontario Highway 65, approximately halfway between Elk Lake and New Liskeard.
Kenabeek was founded in the early 1920s (nobody in the area appears to have an accurate date) basically as a post office, since the only other post office at the time was in Thornloe, about away (a long distance by horse and wagon). Other than farms (160 acre plots, a few with multiple homes, usually multi-generation family) there are really no houses which are a part of Kenabeek proper, so that the town is considered to be the General Store, Post Office and volunteer Fire Station.
Geography.
Kenabeek and its surrounding area is mostly sand with a bit of rock, and a shallow amount of topsoil, and thus is not the best farm-land. A short distance away and a bit lower, is the Temiskaming Valley which does contain excellent farmland. There are a few small lakes within two or three miles (5 km) of Kenabeek, most are privately owned and are not great for swimming, many are muskeg lakes and others are surrounded by swamp. Perhaps the most notable thing about the lakes is that each seems to have a loon as a resident. The Kenabeek area is mostly good at growing hay and potatoes, and in a few cases for grazing a small number of cattle for local use.
History.
Begun in the 1920s, Kenabeek and the surrounding area was hit by the Great Fire of 1922 (the Haileybury fire of 1922) which wiped out hundreds of acres of land and many homes in and around Kenabeek.
Most of the residents of the Kenabeek area (see notes in "Boundaries and Residents" below) can trace their families back two and three generations.
Boundaries and residents.
The Kenabeek town signs are placed about from the General Store / Post Office, but the surrounding homes are mostly on the original farm plots, except for a few homes carved out of those plots for extended family or friends, and are not town-homes.
In addition to the General Store and Post Office, there is a volunteer fire department and building and a community centre. The community centre is the original one-room schoolhouse which housed grades 1 to 8 until sometime in the 1960s.
Other attractions.
Except for the residents, their families and friends and a few who trace their families back to the Kenabeek area, there are no real attractions, no public lakes or cottage areas. The main attraction for visitors, many of whom come faithfully each year for a few weeks, is the remoteness and wildness of the land and forests. It is a great contrast to the larger metropolitan areas to the south.

</doc>
<doc id="18685177" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18685177" title="Tarzwell, Ontario">
Tarzwell, Ontario

Tarzwell is an unincorporated community in the Canadian province of Ontario, located within the Unorganized, West Part division of Timiskaming District.
The community is located on Highway 112, south of Kirkland Lake.

</doc>
<doc id="18685190" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18685190" title="Gareth Bradshaw">
Gareth Bradshaw

Gareth Bradshaw (born 13 February 1987 in Galway) is a Gaelic footballer from Galway. He is currently a member of the Galway senior football team. Bradshaw has been described as "a future All-Star" and "one of the best attacking defenders in the country".
Bradshaw was part of a very successful St Mary's College, Galway team along with current Galway players Paul Conroy, Eoin Concannon, Eddie Hoare and David O'Connell.
Bradshaw made his debut in the 2008 Championship, against Roscommon in the Connacht SFC 1st Round clash. He was one of four debutants introduced by manager Liam Sammon.
He kept his place for the semi-final against Leitrim. In the build-up to the 2008 Connacht Final against Mayo, his starting place was under threat since Keiran Fitzgerald, All-Ireland medal winner and former captain had regained full fitness but Sammon decided to keep faith with Bradshaw. He returned the faith placed in him by putting in an impressive performance against Mayo, scoring one point in Galway's 2-12 to 1-14 victory.
Bradshaw plays his club football with Moycullen. Moycullen were crowned the All-Ireland Intermediate Club Football champions although Bradshaw missed the final due to suspension after being sent off in the simi-final with Annascaul.
He has since established himself as one of the main fixtures in the Galway panel, with his aggressive forward runs and his ability to read the game. He has played in numerous positions, including corner back, wing back and midfield but his strongest position is often centre half back as he has the ability to control the game from that area of the field.
He has been linked with a move to the AFL with clubs such as St. Kilda having offered him a contract. But he chose to continue to play for the Galway set up for the 2010 season.

</doc>
<doc id="18685196" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18685196" title="Tomstown, Ontario">
Tomstown, Ontario

Tomstown is an unincorporated community in the Canadian province of Ontario, located in the unincorporated township of Ingram within the Unorganized, West Part division of Timiskaming District.
The community is located on Secondary Highway 569, a few kilometres east of Heaslip, Ontario.
Naming.
The town was named after Ulysses Henry Thomas when the town's post office opened in 1903. Previously, the place had been known colloquially as Uncle Tom's Town.
History.
Early History.
The first people to live in the Lake Temiskaming area were Algonquins who used the area for trapping, hunting and fishing. They inhabited the lands along the Lake Temiskaming-Ottawa River waterway, Lake Kippawa, North Temiskaming, Blanche and Wabi Rivers.
European settlement.
During the late-19th century, the provincial government had become interested in the economic potential of "new" or northern Ontario. The government organized surveying parties to travel through northern Ontario identifying natural resources and mapping the region. In 1874, the Ontario-Quebec boundary was surveyed and the land above Lake Temiskaming, including the northern townships, was mapped by Dr. Robert Bell and his assistant Arthur Barlow in 1887. In 1899, Barlow wrote a report on the geology and natural resources of the area, which suggested that the rich belt of clay that lay north of the big lake was ideal for agricultural settlement. 
From 1897-1901 80,000 acres of land had been sold in the Temiskaming area. The government put restrictions on the sale of each piece of property to prevent speculators from buying up all of the land. Property owners were required to clear at least 15 acres (61,000 m2) of land, build a 16x20ft house, and spend a certain amount of time on the property. Veterans of the Fenian Raids and the Boer War were given free land.
Initial settlers to the Township of Ingram, Ontario and 'Uncle Tom's Town' were from the Counties of Simcoe, Oxford and North Glengary who decided to settle north of Thornloe because much of the good land close to the town had already been taken up. They were followed by settlers from Renfrew and the Southern Counties of Leeds, Cumberland, Frontenac and Lennox & Addington, many of whom where descendants of United Empire Loyalists United Empire Loyalist
Paddle wheel boats operated by Oliver Latour in the early 1880s, from the most southern tip of Lake Temiskaming, at Mattawa traveling as far north as 'Uncle Tom's Town' on the Blanche River delivering settlers, livestock and supplies. One of the early roads in the area was built in 1904 connecting Charlton and Dack, Ontario to Tomstown to improve the flow of goods and people. With the coming of rail to Englehart in 1908, the Temiskaming and Northern Ontario Railway ended the steamer service, and Tomstown's commercial and logistical importance declined.
Timber industry.
The settlers worked their farms during the spring, summer and fall and during the winter many worked for large lumbering companies such as J.R. Booth. Logs were hewed and transported by teams of horses onto the frozen ice of the Blanche River below the rapids at 'Uncle Tom's Town' during freeze up when the steamers could not operate. With the spring thaw these timber rafts were floated downriver to the mills at New Liskeard. This cheap means to transport timber was continued until the late 1960s when halted for environmental concerns.

</doc>
<doc id="18685219" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18685219" title="Angola women's national handball team">
Angola women's national handball team

The Angola women's national handball team represents Angola in international handball competitions.

</doc>
<doc id="18685222" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18685222" title="Xue Ming">
Xue Ming

Xue Ming (; born 23 February 1987 in Beijing) is a female Chinese volleyball player. She was part of the gold medal winning team at the 2005 Asian Championship.
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18685231" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18685231" title="Boston Creek, Ontario">
Boston Creek, Ontario

Boston Creek is an unincorporated community in the Canadian province of Ontario, located within the Unorganized West Part division of Timiskaming District.
The community is located along the Ontario Northland Railway at the eastern terminus of Highway 564, several kilometres east of Tarzwell.

</doc>
<doc id="18685242" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18685242" title="Li Juan">
Li Juan

Li Juan (; born 15 May 1981 in Tianjin) is a female Chinese volleyball player. She was a key part of the gold medal winning teams at the 2005 Asian Championship, 2006 Doha Asian Games and 2010 Guangzhou Asian Games.
Li joined Tianjin Bridgestone in 1998. Now she has developed into one of the spiritual leaders and the most invaluable veterans there. During more than ten years of professional career, she and her teammates have brought eight Chinese Volleyball League titles, two Chinese National Games titles and three AVC Club Championships titles for Tianjin women volleyball. With her open-minded and easy-going personality, Li has numerous fans and supporters in China, Hong Kong and Japan, etc. 
International career.
In 2000, Li entered China women's national junior volleyball team. 
In 2002, Li was called into China women's national volleyball team for the first time, along with her teammates in Tianjin Bridgestone, Li Shan, Zhang Ping and Zhang Na.
Li gloriously participated in 2008 Beijing Olympics, as a key member of China women's national volleyball team, and gained the bronze medal eventually. 
In the women volleyball final China v.s South Korea of 2010 Guangzhou Asian Games, the experienced veteran played a heroine role again. Her final strike ensured the winning score and assist China to achieve the valuable gold medal.

</doc>
<doc id="18685264" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18685264" title="Unorganized West Timiskaming District">
Unorganized West Timiskaming District

Timiskaming, Unorganized, West Part is an unorganized area in the Canadian province of Ontario, comprising almost all portions of the Timiskaming District which are not organized into incorporated municipalities.
The division encompasses 10,239.58 square kilometres, and had a population of 2,925 in the Canada 2011 Census.
Communities.
Communities in the division include Boston Creek, Dane, Gowganda, Kenabeek, Kenogami Lake, King Kirkland, Lorrain Valley, Maisonville, Mowat Landing, Paradis Bay, Savard, Sesekinika, Tarzwell and Tomstown.
Demographics.
Population trend:
Mother tongue:

</doc>
<doc id="18685269" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18685269" title="Zhang Na (volleyball)">
Zhang Na (volleyball)

Zhang Na (; born 19 April 1980 in Tianjin) is a female Chinese volleyball player. She was part of the gold medal winning teams at the 2003 World Cup and 2004 Olympic Games.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18685284" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18685284" title="Ma Yunwen">
Ma Yunwen

Ma Yunwen (; born 19 October 1986 in Shanghai) is a female Chinese volleyball player. She was part of the gold medal winning team at the 2005 Asian Championship.

</doc>
<doc id="18685285" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18685285" title="Kenogami Lake, Ontario">
Kenogami Lake, Ontario

Kenogami Lake is an unincorporated place and community in the Unorganized West Part of Timiskaming District in northwestern Ontario, Canada. It is located on Kenogami Lake on the Blanche River in the Saint Lawrence River drainage basin.
Transportation.
The community is located on Ontario Highway 11 (at this point part of the Trans-Canada Highway), at the junction with Ontario Highway 568, that heads east to Kenogami Lake Station, and just north of the junction with Ontario Highway 66.
The nearby Kenogami Lake Station is on Ontario Northland Railway main line, between Goldthorpe to the north and Swastika to the east.

</doc>
<doc id="18685286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18685286" title="Bruno Gideon">
Bruno Gideon

Bruno Gideon is a Swiss-Canadian author and entrepreneur.
He grew up in a Jewish family during World War II in a farming village in Switzerland, close to the German border.
As a young man he worked at various jobs throughout Europe–a busboy in Rome, a waiter in France, a hotel clerk in Zurich, Switzerland. Later he decided to go into business for himself and built three multi-million dollar companies from the ground up. His business ventures included a successful wholesale discount chain called Cash and Carry, a convenience store chain, PickPay, and Switzerland’s first computer store, Microspot.
Gideon has written nine books that focus on personal growth and entrepreneurship which all draw from his personal experiences. Altogether he has sold over 100,000 copies throughout Europe, Canada, and the United States. He writes a weekly newsletter called Bruno’s "Minute" that explores motivational topics related to personal growth.
In 1997 Bruno immigrated to Toronto, Canada. He is fluent in English, German and French.
Books by Bruno Gideon.
Wet Behind the Ears
"The Adventures of an Entrepreneur the 7 Essential Lessons Learned"
Wet Behind the Ears is an autobiography.
Don't Take No for an Answer!
"5 Proven Steps That Will Get You to Yes"
Not at My Expense
"Six Steps to a New, Successful You"
Not at My Expense is the story of how Bruno Gideon overcame low self-confidence.

</doc>
<doc id="18685288" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18685288" title="Palesteena">
Palesteena

"Palesteena", or, "Lena from Palesteena", was a 1920 song, with lyrics by Con Conrad, and music by J. Russell Robinson.
Background.
It was originally recorded and performed by the Original Dixieland Jass Band, a band of New Orleans jazz musicians, who released it as an instrumental as a Victor 78, 18717-B, in 1920. The A side was "Margie", a jazz and pop standard, paired in a medley with "Singin' the Blues". J. Russel Robinson, the pianist in the ODJB, co-wrote the music for all three songs.
The melody has a strong Klezmer influence, with the chorus based on a phrase from "Nokh A Bisl" by J. Kammen.
"Lena from Palesteena" is one of a number of novelty songs of the era with a near-Eastern theme.
The song was published by Shapiro, Bernstein & Company in New York in 1920.
Other Recordings.
Eddie Cantor and Frank Crumit also recorded the song. Bob Crosby recorded the song on Decca Records in 1938. Vincent Lopez recorded the song on Columbia Records.
Lyrics.
In the Bronx of New York City<br>
Lived a girl, she's not so pretty;<br>
Lena is her name.<br>
Such a clever girl is Lena!<br>
How she played her concertina,<br>
Really, it's a shame.<br>
<br>
She's such a good musician<br>
She got a swell position<br>
To go across the sea to entertain.<br>
And so they shipped poor Lena<br>
Way out to Palesteena<br>
From what they tell me, she don't look the same.<br>
They say that Lena is the Queen o' Palesteena<br>
Just because she plays the concertina.<br>
She only knows one song,<br>
She plays it all day long.<br>
Sometimes she plays it wrong,<br>
But still they love it, want more of it.<br>
I heard her play once or twice.<br>
Oh! Murder! Still, it was nice.<br>
All the girls, they dress like Lena.<br>
Some wear oatmeal, some Farina<br>
Down old Palesteena way.
Lena's girlfriend Arabella<br>
Let her meet an Arab fella<br>
Who she thought was grand.<br>
On a camel's back a-swaying<br>
You could hear Miss Lena playing<br>
Over the desert sand.<br>
<br>
She didn't know the new ones<br>
All she knew were blue ones<br>
And Yusef sat and listened all day long<br>
(or: Till Yusef sat and listened in his tent)<br>
And as he tried to kiss her<br>
You heard that Arab whisper,<br>
"Oh Lena, how I love to hear your song!"<br>
They say that Lena is the Queen o' Palesteena<br>
'Cause she shakes a wicked concertina.<br>
She plays it day and night<br>
She plays with all her might<br>
She never gets it right,<br>
You think it's funny,<br>
Gets her money.<br>
There's nothin' sounds like it should.<br>
So rotten, it's really good.<br>
While the Arabs danced so gaily<br>
She would practice aily-aily<br>
Down old Palesteena way.<br>
<br>
Lena, she's the Queen o' Palesteena.<br>
Goodness, how they love her concertina.<br>
Each movement of her wrist<br>
Just makes them shake and twist;<br>
They simply can't resist.<br>
How they love it<br>
Want more of it.<br>
<br>
When she squeeks<br>
That squeeze-box stuff,<br>
All those sheiks<br>
Just can't get enough.<br>
She got fat but she got leaner "(pr. "lee-na")"<br>
Pushing on her concertina<br>
Down old Palesteena way.

</doc>
<doc id="18685296" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18685296" title="Sinoe River">
Sinoe River

The Sinoe River is a river of Liberia located in Sinoe County. It empties into the Atlantic Ocean east of Greenville at .
The river forms the western boundary of Sapo National Park.

</doc>
<doc id="18685301" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18685301" title="Sediment basin">
Sediment basin

A sediment basin is a temporary pond built on a construction site to capture eroded or disturbed soil that is washed off during rain storms, and protect the water quality of a nearby stream, river, lake, or bay. The sediment-laden soil settles in the pond before the runoff is discharged. Sediment basins are typically used on construction sites of or more, where there is sufficient room. They are often used in conjunction with erosion controls and other sediment control practices. On smaller construction sites, where a basin is not practical, sediment traps may be used.
On some construction projects, the sediment basin is cleaned out after the soil disturbance (earth-moving) phase of the project, and modified to function as a permanent stormwater management system for the completed site, either as a detention basin or a retention basin.
Sediment trap.
A sediment trap is a temporary device installed on a construction site to capture eroded or disturbed soil that is washed off during rain storms, and protect the water quality of a nearby stream, river, lake, or bay. The trap is basically an embankment built along a waterway or low-lying area on the site. They are typically installed at the perimeter of a site and above storm drain inlets, to keep sediment from entering the drainage system. Sediment traps are commonly used on small construction sites, where a sediment basin is not practical. Sediment basins are typically used on construction sites of or more, where there is sufficient room.
Sediment traps are installed before land disturbance (earth moving, grading) begins on a construction site. The traps are often used in conjunction with erosion controls and other sediment control practices.

</doc>
<doc id="18685302" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18685302" title="Sesekinika, Ontario">
Sesekinika, Ontario

Sesekinika is an unincorporated community in the Canadian province of Ontario, located within the Unorganized, West Part division of Timiskaming District.
The community is located along the Ontario Northland Railway at the eastern terminus of Secondary Highway 570.

</doc>
<doc id="18685313" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18685313" title="USS Niagara (1898)">
USS Niagara (1898)

The third USS "Niagara" was a distilling and supply ship that served in the United States Navy during the Spanish-American War.
Acquisition.
"Niagara" was a steamer built by John Roach & Sons, Chester, Pennsylvania in 1877. The U.S. Navy acquired her from the Ward Line on 11 April 1898 for service in the Spanish-American War. Fitted out as a distilling and supply ship of the Collier Service, she commissioned at New York, New York, on 11 April 1898, Commander G. A. Bicknell in command.
Operational history.
"Niagara" departed New York on 25 April 1898 for the Caribbean Sea via Norfolk, Virginia, and Key West, Florida. During the Spanish-American War she served the fleet off Cuba, Puerto Rico, and Haiti. The ship returned to Hampton Roads, Virginia, on 26 May 1898.
She departed Hampton Roads on 30 May 1898, again bound for ports in Cuba and Puerto Rico. "Niagara" remained on station in the Caribbean Sea until 24 July 1898 when she departed Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, for New York, arriving 3 September 1898.
Final Disposition.
"Niagara" remained at New York until she decommissioned on 14 October 1898. She was sold on 19 July 1899.

</doc>
<doc id="18685340" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18685340" title="Marcelina Kiala">
Marcelina Kiala

Marcelina Kiala (born 9 November 1979) is an Angolan women's handball player with the Angola women's national handball team. Kiala competed at the 2000 Summer Olympics and 2012 Summer Olympics, 2005 and 2007 World Women's Handball Championship.
She is the sister of fellow Angolan women's handball player, Luisa Kiala and the wife of Angolan handball coach Vivaldo Eduardo.

</doc>
<doc id="18685365" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18685365" title="The Alphabet Show">
The Alphabet Show

The Alphabet Show was a late-1990s television show broadcast on UK Play. It was presented by Lauren Laverne and Chris Addison. Each episode focused on a different letter of the alphabet, it featured music videos and discussion which was loosely related to the chosen letter.

</doc>
<doc id="18685386" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18685386" title="Murphey, North Carolina">
Murphey, North Carolina

Murphey is an unincorporated settlement in Duplin County, North Carolina, United States, on NC 11, east of I-40, at an elevation of 37 ft.

</doc>
<doc id="18685392" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18685392" title="Ararat rebellion">
Ararat rebellion

The Ararat rebellion, also known as the Ağrı rebellion, was an uprising of the Kurdish residents of the province of Ağrı in eastern Turkey against the Turkish government that took place in 1930. 
The leader of the Kurdish guerrilla forces in this rebellion, Ihsan Nuri, was from the Kurdish Jibran tribe.
Prelude.
In 1926, Ibrahim Heski commanded the Hesenan, Jalali, Haydaran tribes and started a rebellion (May 16 - June 17, 1926). On 16 May, Kurdish forces fought against the 28th Infantry Regiment of the 9th Infantry Division of Turkish Army and a Gendarmie regiment in Demirkapı region. Turkish troops were defeated and scattered 28th Regiment had to retreat towards Doğubeyazıt. On June 16/17, Ibrahim and his forces were surrounded by 28th and 34th regiments, but they could escape through Yukarı Demirkapı to Iran.
Attempt of Xoybûn.
On June 11, 1930 armed responses to the rebellion were initiated by the Turkish military against the Ağrı insurgents. According to Wadie Jwaideh, "Xoybûn", the Kurmanci Kurdish nationalist organisation co-ordinating this rebellion, urgently appealed for help from Kurds. This was a Kurdish rebellion by mostly Kurmancî Kurds, far outnumbered the Kizilbash of Dersim. This is why, much to the Turks' dismay, Xoybûn's appeal was answered on a wide front, by a counter-offensive at Mount Tendürek, Iğdır, Erciş, Mount Süphan, Van and Bitlis, forcing the Turks to temporarily abandon their offensive against Ağrı. The rebels were gradually crushed by the superior numbers of the Turkish military. 
The commander of the rebellion documented the role of the Turkish air force in defeating the Ağrı revolt in his book entitled "La Révolte de L'Agridagh" (The Mount Ararat revolt).
Last offensive against Mount Ararat.
By the end of summer 1930, the Turkish Air Force was bombing Kurdish positions around Mount Ararat from all directions. According to General Ihsan Nuri, the military superiority of Turkish Air Force demoralized Kurds and led to their capitulation.
During the insurrection, the Turkish Air Force also bombed several Kurdish tribes and villagers. For instance Halikanli and Herki tribes were bombed on July 18 and August 2, 1930, respectively. Rebel villages were continually bombed from August 2 to 29th. From June 10 to June 12, 1930, Kurdish positions were extensively bombed, and this forced the Kurds to retreat to higher positions around Mount Ararat. On July 9, newspaper "Cumhuriyet" reported that the Turkish air forces was "raining down" Mount Ararat with bombs. Kurds, who escaped the bombings, were captured alive. On July 13, the rebellion in Zilan was suppressed. Squadrons of 10-15 aircraft were used in crushing the revolt. On July 16, two Turkish planes were downed. Aerial bombardment continued for several days and forced Kurds to withdraw to the height of . By July 21, bombardment had destroyed many Kurdish forts. During these operations, Turkish military mobilized 66,000 soldiers (contrary to this Robert W. Olson gives the number of 10,000-15,000 troops in another work, other works state these numbers as well) and 100 aircraft. The campaign against the Kurds was over by September 17, 1930.
The insurrection was defeated in 1931, and Turkey resumed control over the territory.
Aftermath.
On January 23, 1932, Persia and Turkey signed the "Accord relatif à la fixation de la ligne frontière entre la Perse et la Turquie" in Tehran. Turkey received total control over the Lesser Ararat and Ağrı Mountains and territory between the Armenian village of Guirberan and Kuch Dagh, Persia gained ninety square miles in the neighbourhood of Qotur (قطور).

</doc>
<doc id="18685395" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18685395" title="Ottawa Humane Society">
Ottawa Humane Society

The Ottawa Humane Society (1888 to present) is the humane society for Ottawa, Ontario, Canada.
Background.
The Ottawa Humane Society is a non-profit organization, community-based organization and a registered charitable organization, "Charity Registration Number: # 123264715 RR0001". The Board of Directors is voluntary.
A group of women formed the Women's Humane Society of Ottawa in January 1888. This organization enforced the new animal protection laws and focused on bettering the lives of neglected children by lobbying for legislation to provide for foster homes. In 1896, this group evolved into the Ottawa Humane Society, with the newly established Children's Aid Society assisting the needy children within the community. 
In 1979, the Ottawa Humane Society was renamed the Humane Society of Ottawa-Carleton. The organization returned to the name Ottawa Humane Society in 2001, when the Ottawa-Carleton area was amalgamated.
Today, the Ottawa Humane Society's mandate covers a broad spectrum of animal welfare concerns. The organization's stated priorities include prevention and investigation of cruelty to animals, enforcement of laws for the protection of animals, public education and pet population control, through which they seek to reduce the number of stray animals whose final solution is often destruction. 
In 1933 the organization began providing stray animal shelter services to the City of Ottawa. They still hold the municipal contract for stray animal shelter services.
Mission statement.
The Ottawa Humane Society Mission Statement is as follows:
Status.
The Ottawa Humane Society is an "open admission" animal shelter, which means they do not restrict the types of animals they accept. It also accepts any number of animals regardless of their age, temperament, or space limitations within the shelter. Open-admission shelters differ from No-Kill Shelters.

</doc>
<doc id="18685396" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18685396" title="San Juan Ridge">
San Juan Ridge

The San Juan Ridge () is a geographic feature 
extending approximately east-northeast between the South and Middle Yuba Rivers in the foothills of the northern Sierra Nevada. The elevation is approximately 790 m (2,600 ft) above sea level.
History.
"The Ridge" was notable for hydraulic mining during the California gold rush, the largest operation of its kind being run by North Bloomfield Mining and Gravel Company. French Corral was the first mining camp on The Ridge. In the 1990s, research was conducted to renew gold mining efforts.
Tourism.
The South Yuba River State Park and Malakoff Diggins State Historic Park are nearby, as is historic Nevada City, California.

</doc>
<doc id="18685407" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18685407" title="Tide jewels">
Tide jewels

In Japanese mythology, the and -- were magical gems that the Sea God used to control the tides. Classical Japanese history texts record an ancient myth that the ocean "kami" Watatsumi 海神 "sea god" or Ryūjin 龍神 "dragon god" presented the "kanju" and "manju" to his demigod son-in-law Hoori, and a later legend that Empress Jingū used the tide jewels to conquer Korea. Tide jewels interrelate Japanese dragons and "wani" sea-monsters, Indonesian mythology, the "nyoi-ju" 如意珠 ""cintamani"; wish-fulfilling jewel" in Japanese Buddhism, magic jewels of Nāga kings in Hindu mythology, and the pearl associations of Chinese dragons in Chinese mythology.
Terminology.
The Japanese compounds "kanju" 干珠 lit. "ebb jewel" and "manju" 満珠 lit. "flow jewel" combine "kan" (cf. ) "dry up; drain off; ebb (tides); recede; oppose" and "man" "fill; full; rise (tides); fulfill; satisfy" with "ju", "shu", or "tama" "gem; jewel; precious stone; pearl; bead". Compare the reversible compounds "kanman" 干満 and "mankan" 満干or "michihi" 満ち干 meaning "ebb and flow; high and low tides; the tides". "Shiomitsu-tama" 潮満珠 and "shiohiru-tama" 潮干珠 are archaic "tide jewel" names using "shio" or "chō" "tide; flow; salt water".
Early references.
Two Nara period (710-794 CE) historical texts record myths that the Sea God presented the "kanju" and "manju" to Hoori, and a Kamakura period (1192-1333 CE) text says the legendary Empress Jingū used the tide jewels to conquer a Korean kingdom in 200 CE. 
The tide jewels are central to "The Lost Fishhook" legend about the fisherman Hoderi and hunter Hoori, two brothers who argued over replacing a lost fishhook. Hoori went searching to the bottom of the sea, where he met and married Toyotama-hime, the daughter of the dragon Sea God. After living three years in the undersea "Ryūgū-jō" 竜宮城 "dragon palace castle", Ryūjin presented Hoori with his brother's fishhook and the tide jewels, and arranged for him to take his sea-dragon bride back to land.
Kojiki.
The ca. 680 CE "Kojiki" 古事記 "Record of Ancient Matters" uses the archaic names "shiomitsu-tama" 潮満珠 "tide-flowing jewel" and "shiohiru-tama" 潮干珠 "tide-ebbing jewel" in two consecutive passages.
The first describes the sea-god's advice to Hoori about how to confront his duplicitous brother Hoderi.
"What thou shalt say when thou grantest this fish-hook to thine elder brother as follows: 'This fish-hook is a big hook, an eager hook, a poor hook, a silly hook.' Having spoken, bestow it with thy back hand. Having done thus, – if thine elder brother make high fields, do Thine Augustness make low fields; and if thine elder brother make low fields, do Thine Augustness make high fields. If thou do thus, thine elder brother will certainly be impoverished in the space of three years, owing to my ruling the water. If thine elder brother, incensed at thy doing thus, should attack thee, put forth the tide-flowing jewel to drown him. If he express grief, put forth the tide-ebbing jewel to let him live. Thus shalt thou harass him." With these words, [the Sea-Deity gave His Augustness Fire-Subside the tide-flowing jewel and the tide-ebbing jewel, – two in all, – and forthwith summoned together all the crocodiles, and asked them, saying: "The Sky's-Sun-Height, august child of the Heaven's-Sun-Height, is now about to proceed out to the Upper-Land. Who will in how many days respectfully escort him, and bring back a report?" So each according to the length of his body in fathoms spoke, fixing certain number of days, – one of them, a crocodile one fathom saying: "I will escort him, and come back in one day." So then [the Sea-Deity said to the crocodile one fathom "If that be so, do thou respectfully escort him. While crossing the middle of the sea, do not alarm him!" Forthwith he seated him upon the crocodile's head, and saw him off. So [the crocodile respectfully escorted him home in one day, as he had promised. (tr. Chamberlain 1919:149-150)
This "crocodile" translates "wani" 鰐, a legendary Japanese dragon and sea-monster also translated as "shark". At the end of Toyotama-hime's pregnancy, she asks Hoori not to look at her during childbirth (hinting at shapeshifting), but he looks and sees her true shape of a dragon ("Kojiki") or a "wani" ("Nihongi").
The subsequent passage describes Hoori using the tide jewels to force his brother's submission.
Hereupon Augustness Fire-Subside gave the fish-hook his elder brother, exactly according to the Sea-Deity's words of instruction. So thenceforward elder brother became poorer, and poorer, and, with renewed savage intentions, came to attack him. When he was about to attack Augustness Fire-Subside, the latter put forth the tide-flowing jewel to drown him; on his expressing grief, he put forth the tide-ebbing jewel to save him. When he had thus been harassed, he bowed his head, saying: "I henceforward will be Thine Augustness's guard by day and night, and respectfully serve thee." (tr. Chamberlain 1919:153-4)
Nihongi.
The ca. 720 CE "Nihon shoki" 日本書紀 "Chronicles of Japan" or "Nihongi"日本紀 has several references to tide jewels. Chapter 2 ("The Age of the Gods", Part 2) includes five versions of the Hoori-Hoderi myth, three of which mention the tide jewels. Chapter 8 ("Emperor Chūai") has a legend that Empress Jingū found a Buddhist "nyoi-ju" 如意珠 lit. "as-one-wishes jewel", and Chapter 9 ("Empress Jingū") tells how the Sea God and Wind God helped her to conquer the Korean kingdom of Silla.
Three of the five "Lost Fishhook" myth versions specifically mention Hoori using the tide jewels to control the tides and cause his fisherman brother Hoderi to submit. The other two variations involve controlling winds rather than tides. In the second version (Aston 1896:95-98), the Sea God promises to directly control the sea winds; "if thy brother cross the sea, I will then assuredly stir up the blasts and billows, and make them overwhelm and vex him." In the fifth version (Aston 1896:101-105), the water deity tells Hoori that whistling can create winds (cf. tides from Tangaroa's breathing); "Now that which raises the wind is whistling. If thou doest so, I will forthwith stir up the wind of the offing and the wind of the shore, and will overwhelm and vex him with the scurrying waves."
The first "Nihongi" version (Aston 1896:92-95) is consistent with the "Kojiki", except that Hoori learns that Toyotama-hime is pregnant before, instead of after, returning home to Japan. It uses "manju" and "kanju" once each. The Sea God said.
"If the Heavenly Grandchild desires to return to his country I will send him back." So he gave him the fish-hook which he had found, and in doing so instructed him, saying: "When thou givest this fish-hook to thy elder brother, before giving to him call to it secretly, and say, "A poor hook." He further presented to him the jewel of the flowing tide and the jewel of the ebbing tide, and instructed him, saying: "If thou dost dip the tide-flowing jewel, the tide will suddenly flow, and therewithal thou shalt drown thine elder brother. But in case thy elder brother should repent and beg forgiveness, if, on the contrary, thou dip the tide-ebbing jewel, the tide will spontaneously ebb, and therewithal thou shalt save him. If thou harass him in this way, thy elder brother will of his own accord render submission." … When Hiko-hoho-demi no Mikoto returned to his palace, he complied implicitly with the instructions of the Sea-God, and the elder brother, Ho-no-susori no Mikoto, finding himself in the utmost straits, of his own accord admitted his offence, and said: "Henceforward I will be thy subject to perform mimic dances for thee. I beseech thee mercifully to spare my life." Thereupon he at length yielded his petition, and spared him. (tr. Aston 1896:94) 
The third version of the myth (Aston 1896:98-101) mentions the tide jewels 9 times, and elaborates the feature of mind control.
I am rejoiced in my inmost heart that the Heavenly Grandchild has now been graciously pleased to visit me. When shall I ever forget it? So he took the jewel which when thought of makes the tide to flow, and the jewel which when thought of makes the tide to ebb, and joining them to the fish-hook, presented them, saying: 'Though the Heavenly Grandchild may be divided from me by eightfold windings (of road), I hope that we shall think of each other from time to time. Do not therefore throw them away.' And he taught him, saying: 'When thou givest this fish-hook to thy elder brother, call it thus: 'A hook of poverty, a hook of ruin, a hook of downfall.' When thou hast said all this, fling it away to him with thy back turned, and deliver it not to him face to face. If thy elder brother is angry, and has a mind to do thee hurt, then produce the tide-flowing jewel and drown him therewith. As soon as he is in peril and appeals for mercy, bring forth the tide-ebbing jewel and therewith save him. If thou dost vex him in this way, he will of his own accord become thy submissive vassal!' Now Hiko-hoho-demi no Mikoto, having received the jewels and the fish-hook, came back to his original palace, and followed implicitly the teaching of the Sea-God. First of all he offered his elder brother the fish-hook. His elder brother was angry and would not receive it. Accordingly the younger brother produced the tide-flowing jewel, upon which the tide rose with a mighty overflow, and the elder brother was drowning. Therefore he besought his younger brother, saying: 'I will serve thee as thy slave. I beseech thee, spare my life.' The younger brother then produced the tide-ebbing jewel, whereupon the tide ebbed of its own accord, and the elder brother was restored to tranquility. After this the elder brother changed his former words, and said: 'I am thy elder brother. How can an elder brother serve a younger brother?' Then the younger brother produced the tide-flowing jewel, which his elder brother seeing, fled up to a high mountain. Thereupon the tide also submerged the mountain. The elder brother climbed a lofty tree, and thereupon the tide also submerged the tree. The elder brother was now at an extremity, and had nowhere to flee to. So he acknowledged his offence, saying: 'I have been in fault. In future my descendants for eighty generations shall serve thee as thy mimes in ordinary. version has' dog-men.' I pray thee, have pity on me.' Then the younger brother produced the tide-ebbing jewel, whereupon the tide ceased of its own accord. Hereupon the elder brother saw that the younger brother was possessed of marvelous powers, and at length submitted to serve him. (tr. Aston 1896:99-100) 
The condensed fourth version (Aston 1896:101-105) mentions each tide jewel twice.
'When thou givest this to thy elder brother thou must recite the following : "A big hook, an eager hook, a poor hook, a silly hook." After saying all this, fling it to him with a back-handed motion.' Then he summoned together the sea-monsters, and inquired of them, saying: 'The Grandchild of the Heavenly Deity is now about to take his departure homewards. In how many days will you accomplish this service? 'Then all the sea-monsters fixed each a number of days according to his own length. Those of them which were one fathom long of their own accord said: 'In the space of one day we will accomplish it.' The one-fathom sea-monsters were accordingly sent with him as his escort. Then he gave him two precious objects, the tide-flowing jewel and the tide-ebbing jewel, and taught him how to use them. He further instructed him, saying: 'If thy elder brother should make high fields, do thou make puddle fields; if thy elder brother make puddle fields, do thou make high fields. In this manner did the Sea-God in all sincerity lend him his aid. Now Hiko-hoho-demi no Mikoto, when he returned borne, followed implicitly the God's instructions, and acted accordingly. When the younger brother produced the tide-flowing jewel, the elder brother forthwith flung up his hands in the agony of drowning. But when, on the other hand, he produced the tide-ebbing jewel, he was relieved, and recovered. After that Hi no susori no Mikoto pined away from day to day, and lamented, saying: 'I have become impoverished.' So he yielded submission to his younger brother. (tr. Aston 1896:102-103) 
The "Nihongi" chapters on legendary Emperor Chūai (supposedly r. 192-200 CE) and his shamanistic Empress Jingū (r. 201-269 CE) combine myths about Japanese "kanju" and "manju" tide jewels with Indian "nyoi-ju" 如意珠 "cintamani; wish-fulfilling jewels".
The former context says that in the 2nd year (193 CE) of Chūai's reign, he started an expedition against the Kumaso rebellion in southern Kyūshū and made preparations at Toyora (Nagato Province). In the 7th month, (tr. Aston 1896:219), "The Empress anchored in the harbour of Toyora. On this day the Empress found in the sea a Nyoi pearl." (Aston notes that, "A Buddhist term is of course an anachronism in this narrative.") In the 8th year (199 CE), they sailed to Tsukushi (Chikuzen and Chikugo Provinces), and their ships were met by a "Kuma-Wani" 熊鰐 "bear shark/crocodile" sea-monster with a decorated sakaki tree (see "tamagushi"). Both ships encountered problems with divinely-controlled tides and grounded in the harbor at Oka (Chikuzen), resonating with the tide jewels myth.
8th year, Spring, 1st month, 4th day. The Emperor proceeded to Tsukushi. At this time Kuma-wani, the ancestor of the Agata-nushi of Oka, hearing of the Emperor's arrival, pulled up beforehand a 500-branched Sakaki tree, which he set up on the bows of a nine-fathom ship. On the upper branches he hung a white-copper mirror, on the middle branches he hung a ten-span sword, and on the lower branches he hung Yasaka jewels. With these he went out to meet him at the Bay of Saha in Suwo, and presented to him a fish-salt-place. In doing so, he addressed the Emperor, saying: "Let the Great Ferry from Anato to Mukatsuno be its Eastern Gate and the Great Ferry of Nagoya be its Western Gate. Let the Islands of Motori and Abe and none else be the august baskets: let the Island of Shiba be divided and made the august pans: let the Sea of Sakami be the salt-place." He then acted as the Emperor's pilot. Going round Cape Yamaga, he entered the Bay of Oka. But in entering the harbour, the ship was unable to go forward. So he inquired of Kuma-wani, saying: "We have heard that thou, Kuma-wani, hast come to us with an honest heart. Why does the ship not proceed?" Kuma-wani addressed the Emperor, saying: "It is not the fault of thy servant that the august ship is unable to advance. At the entrance to this bay there are two Deities, one male and the other female. The male Deity is called Oho-kura-nushi, the female Deity is called Tsubura-hime. It must be owing to the wish of these Deities." The Emperor accordingly prayed to them, and caused them to be sacrificed to, appointing his steersman Iga-hiko, a man of Uda in the province of Yamato, as priest. So the ship was enabled to proceed. The Empress entered in a different ship by the Sea of Kuki. As the tide was out, she was unable to go on. Then Kuma-wani went back and met the Empress by way of Kuki. Thereupon he saw that the august ship made no progress, and he was afraid. He hastily made a fish-pond and a bird-pond, into which he collected all the fishes and birds. When the Empress saw these fishes and birds sporting, her anger was gradually appeased, and with the flowing tide she straightway anchored in the harbour of Oka. (tr. Aston 1896:219-220) 
The latter context says that in the 9th year (200 CE), the emperor wanted to invade Kumaso, but the gods told the empress that he should instead invade Shiragi (Silla) on the Korean peninsula. After refusing to believe her prophecy, he died prematurely and she assumed control as regent for as yet unborn Emperor Ōjin. Empress Jingū worshiped and sacrificed to the gods, and conducted a type of fishhook divination in Hizen Province. She "bent a needle and made of it a hook" (tr. Aston 1896:227; note that Japanese "hari" means both "needle; pin" and "fishhook") and prayed that catching a fish foretold conquering Silla. A rare trout hooked itself, and she declared, "It is a strange thing." Later that year, the legend says a divine tsunami propelled the Japanese fleet across the Sea of Japan.
Sail was set from the harbor of Wani . Then the Wind-God made a breeze to spring up, and the Sea-God uplifted the billows. The great fishes of the ocean, every one, came to the surface and encompassed the ships. Presently a great wind blew from a favourable quarter on the ships under sail, and following the waves, without the labour of the oar or helm, they arrived at Silla. The tide-wave following the ships reached far up into the interior of the country. (tr. Aston 1896:230) 
According to this legend, which is unsupported by historical evidence, the King of Silla surrendered after being astonished by the tsunami and terrified by the invading fleet.
Mizukagami.
The ca. 1195 CE "Mizukagami" 水鏡 "Water Mirror", which is a collection of historical tales, confabulates the "Nihongi" legends about the tide jewels and Jingū conquering the Koreans (Bassett 1885:74). This text uses some different names, Sāgara 沙竭羅 (one of the 8 Dragon Kings) for the Sea God, and Koryo 句麗 or Koma 蓋馬 for the Korean kingdom Goguryeo.
In the year 200, when the Empress Jingō (200-269) arrived in Korea, she took some sea water in her hand and prayed from far to the god of Kashima (in Hitachi) and Kasuga (Takemikazuchi …). Then came the gods of Kasuga and Sumiyoshi and Suwa, clad in armour and with helmets on their heads, to the Empress's ship. Kasuga sent the Great God (Daimyōjin) of Kawakami as a messenger to the Dragon-palace (龍宮, ryūgū) at the bottom of the sea, and this mighty river-god took the "pearl of ebb" and the "pearl of flood" from the Great Dragon-king Sāgara and brought them with him to the surface. While the Korean warships were put up in battle array, the pearl of ebb, thrown into the sea, made the water suddenly dry up. Then the king of Koma entered the sea-bed with his troops in order to destroy the Japanese fleet; but as soon as he did so the god of Kawakami, following Kasuga's order, threw the pearl of flood into the sea, and behold, all of a sudden the water rose tremendously and filled the whole sea-bed. The frightened troops all prayed for their lives, for the water covered even the whole of Koma land. Then the pearl of ebb was thrown into the sea again, and the water sank. So the Empress by Kasuga's assistance conquered the enemy's army without shedding a single drop of blood, and obtained three ships laden with tributes and treasures from the king of Koma. (tr. de Visser 1913:142-143) 
Later references.
The history of the "kanju" and "manju" tide jewels continues into the present day, long after the myths about Hoori's lost fishhook and Jingō's invented conquest.
Jewels, pearls, moons, and tides are common motifs among Indian, Chinese, and Japanese dragons (Ingersoll 1928, de Visser 1913:13-14, 71, 88, 107). The Japanese word for "pearl", "shinju" lit. "true jewel", compares with "kanju" 干珠 "tide-ebbing jewel" and "manju" 満珠 "tide-flowing jewel". This kanji 珠 is also pronounced "tama", cognate with "tama" "jewel; gem; jade" seen above in the name Toyotama-hime and below in the next.
The fable of Tamatori-hime 玉取姫 "Princess Jewel Taker", which was a favorite "ukiyo-e" subject of Utagawa Kuniyoshi, is a variation of the Hoori and Toyatama-hime love story. Tamatori was supposedly an ama diver who married Fujiwara no Fuhito and recovered a precious jewel that the Sea God stole. 
The legend of Princess Tamatori (Tamatorihime), or Ama, developed around the historical figure Fujiwara no Kamatari (614-69), who was the founder of the powerful Fujiwara clan. Upon Kamatari’s death, the Tang dynasty emperor, who had received Kamatari’s beautiful daughter as a consort, sent three priceless treasures to Japan in order to comfort his grieving lover by honoring her father. One of the treasures, a pearl, was stolen by the dragon king during a storm on its way to Japan in the inlet of Fusazaki. Kamatari’s son Fujiwara no Fuhito (659-720) went in search of the pearl to the isolated area where he met and married a beautiful pearl diver named Ama, who bore him a son. Ama, full of love for their son, vowed to help recover the stolen pearl. After many failed attempts, Ama was finally successful when the dragon and grotesque creatures guarding it were lulled to sleep by music. Upon reclaiming the treasure, she came under pursuit by the awakened sea creatures. She cut open her breast to place the pearl inside for safekeeping the resulting flow of blood clouded the water and aided her escape. She died from the resulting wound but is revered for her selfless act of sacrifice for her husband Fuhito and their son. (Miller 2007:137)
Manju Shima 満珠島 "tide-flowing jewel island" and Kanju Shima 干珠島 "tide-ebbing jewel island" are uninhabited islets in the Kanmon Straits near Chōfu 長府 in Shimonoseki, Yamaguchi. In the 1185 CE Battle of Dan-no-ura during the Genpei War, the Minamoto (Genji) fleet defeated the Taira (Heike) fleet by taking advantage of the tides around these two islands. In 1943, the "Manju maru" 満珠丸 and "Kanju maru" 干珠丸 Etorofu class coastal defense ships were named after the tide-jewel islands.
Several Shinto shrines were allegedly repositories for the ancient tide jewels. The ca. 1335 CE "Usa hachiman no miya engi" 宇佐八幡宮縁起 "History of the Hachiman Shrine at Usa" notes (tr. Wheeler 2006:521, cf. de Visser 1913:143), "The two jewels are kept in the Kawakami-no Miya of Saga District, in Hizen Province. The jewel-of-ebb-tide is white, but the jewel-of-flood-tide is blue. Each is five sun Chinese cun in length." Wheeler (2005:521) cites records that the tide jewels were preserved in the Uda Shrine around 1185 CE and the Kagoshima Shrine in 1916. In addition, the Ōwatatsumi-jinja 大海神社 in Sumiyoshi-ku, Osaka and the Mekari-jinja 和布刈神社 in Moji-ku, Kitakyūshū purportedly housed the original tide jewels. The Yasaka Shrine in Kyoto annually holds the Gion Matsuri celebrating the legend of Jingū using the tide jewels to defeat the Koreans.
De Visser (1913:141) found strong similarities between Indonesian myths from the Kei Islands and Minahassa Peninsula and the Japanese Hoori-Hoderi legend. However, instead of the tide-flowing jewel, "the hero of the Minahassa legend by his prayers caused the rain to come down in torrents upon his evil friend. "Several stories from the Pacific islands", adds Andrews (2000:205), "involved controlling the tides with jewels owned by the dragon-king who guarded them in his palace under the waves."
Japanese tide-jewels are well known in the West both as a legend (Pfoundes 1878, Davis and Paul 1992:330-331) and an artistic motif (Ball 2004:6-7).

</doc>
<doc id="18685420" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18685420" title="Unorganized East Timiskaming District">
Unorganized East Timiskaming District

Unorganized Timiskaming East Part is an unorganized area in the Canadian province of Ontario, comprising the unincorporated portions of the Timiskaming District lying east of the municipal boundaries of Kirkland Lake and north of the municipal boundaries of Gauthier, Larder Lake and McGarry. 
The division does not encompass any named communities, comprising only a small number of residential and recreational properties in the geographic townships of Arnold, Katrine and Ossian. 
The division encompasses 248.84 square kilometres, and had no population in the Canada 2011 Census.
Demographics.
Population trend:
Private dwellings, excluding seasonal cottages: 2 (total: 32)

</doc>
<doc id="18685424" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18685424" title="Central-Hower High School">
Central-Hower High School

Central-Hower High School was a public high school in the Akron Public School District that served the city of Akron, Ohio from 1970 until its closure at the end of the 2005-06 school year. The Central-Hower Eagles competed in the Akron City Series for their entire existence. Their school colors were red, white, and blue.
History.
Central-Hower High School was created in 1970 when Akron Public Schools combined Central High School with Hower Vocational School into a new building on the site of the Central location. The original Central building on Forge Street opened in 1886 and was initially named Akron High School. It was renamed Central High School in 1911 when the Akron Board of Education opened South High School. Hower Vocational School was named after M. Otis Hower (1858-1916), an Akron manufacturing leader that was an officer of the American Cereal Co. and multiple other enterprises. The school began in Perkins Elementary in 1927 and phased out the younger kids before becoming accredited in August 1935 as a vocational school.
Central and Hower both graduated their last classes in 1970. The combined student bodies were housed in Hower while the Central building was demolished and the new one was built. Central-Hower was constructed in 1973 and opened in September 1975. The Hower building was demolished in 1978.
Central-Hower closed at the end of the 2005-06 school year and was serving as the temporary facility for the East Community Learning Center until their building was renovated. After that was completed, Central-Hower housed the students from Buchtel High School while their building was renovated. Currently, the building will now house the new Science, Technology, Engineering, and Mathematics STEM High School students.
Athletics.
Prior to the merger, the Central Wildcats and Hower Buccaneers also competed in the Akron City Series.

</doc>
<doc id="18685428" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18685428" title="USS Waters">
USS Waters

USS "Waters" may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18685431" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18685431" title="WTKE">
WTKE

WTKE may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18685440" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18685440" title="John Marshall (filmmaker)">
John Marshall (filmmaker)

John Kennedy Marshall (November 12, 1932 – April 22, 2005) was an American anthropologist and acclaimed documentary filmmaker best known for his work in Namibia recording the lives of the Ju/'hoansi (also called the !Kung Bushmen).
Background.
Marshall was born in Boston, Massachusetts, to Lorna Marshall and Laurence Kennedy Marshall and raised in Cambridge, Massachusetts, and Peterborough, New Hampshire. His sister, Elizabeth Marshall Thomas, is a writer. Marshall had one daughter, Sonya. He married Dr. Alexandra Eliot, who had two sons from a previous marriage, Frederick and Christopher Eliot. Marshall held a B.A. and M.A. in Anthropology from Harvard University. Marshall died of lung cancer in April, 2005.
Career.
Marshall first traveled to the Kalahari Desert and met the Ju/'hoansi of the Nyae Nyae area in 1950 on a trip initiated by his father to search for the "Lost World of the Kalahari." Before his second trip to the Kalahari, one year later, Marshall received a 16mm Kodak camera and advice from his father, "Don't direct, John, don't try to be artistic, just film what you see people doing naturally." Marshall employed this advice during the 1950s, his films anticipated the cinema verite movement of the 1960s. Throughout the 1950s and 1960's members of the Marshall family - John Marshall, his sister Elizabeth Marshall Thomas, Lorna Marshall, and Laurence Marshall - returned to the Kalahari Desert numerous times to conduct an ethnographic study of the Ju/'hoansi and document one of the last remaining hunter gatherer cultures. From 1950-1958 Marshall filmed the hunting and gathering life of the Ju/'hoansi. His first edited film, "The Hunters", was released in 1957. "The Hunters" told the story of a Ju/'hoansi giraffe hunt. Marshall later realized he had unintentionally romanticized Ju/'hoan life. "The Hunters," portrayed the Ju/'hoansi as if they continued to live as they always had, where their main conflict was a struggle with nature. But,when Marshall filmed them, they were actually suffering the effects of a modern world and subsisting primarily on gathered food and struggling to find enough to eat. Recognizing this discrepancy between reality and the portrayal of Ju/'hoansi life in "The Hunters," Marshall was determined to produce more objective, and less mediated films about the Ju/'hoansi. He produced a series of short films designed to educate without exoticizing or "imposing western narrative structures on the subjects."
During the 1960s and most of the 1970s, Marshall, and nearly all anthropologists and filmmakers were banned from visiting the Ju/'hoansi by a government that saw them as "a threat to the status quo." So during this period, Marshall produced many short films about the Ju/'hoansi of Nyae Nyae from the footage he had collected in the 1950s and pursued other film projects in the United States. He was the cinematographer for Fred Wiseman's first documentary film, Titicut Follies. Marshall also shot and produced a series of short films about police work in Pittsburgh, PA. In 1968, Marshall and Tim Asch founded Documentary Educational Resources, a non-profit organization dedicated to facilitating the use of cross-cultural documentaries in the classroom.
Marshall became involved in grassroots organizing and development in Nyae Nyae in the 1980s, forming a foundation that would become the Nyae Nyae Development Foundation of Namibia and devoting himself to advocating on behalf of the Ju/'hoansi. In 2003, the Society for Visual Anthropology bestowed on Marshall a lifetime achievement award for his 50-years of work among the hunter gatherer society.
Two million feet of Marshall's 16mm documentary footage along with thousands of hours of video footage as well as edited films and videos of Ju/'hoansi are held at the Human Studies Film Archives, Smithsonian Institution. Known officially as the John Marshall Ju/'hoan Bushman Film and Video Collection, 1950–2000, the collection was added to UNESCO's Memory of the World Register for documentary heritage of world importance in July 2009. Cynthia Close, Director of Documentary Educational Resources called the collection, "unparalleled in the history of film and in the history of documenting humanity".
Evolution of Reality Filmmaking.
John Marshall produced realistic films that combined documentary media and ethnographic film. His work offers an evolving, original and unique view on what was technically possible and stylistic in documentary through his more than fifty-years as a filmmaker. Marshall was a pioneer in the cinema verite style. He is quoted as saying, "I began shooting events from angles and distances that approximated the perspectives of the people I was filming, I tried to film as a member of the group rather than shoot standing outside as an observer." He began thinking about his position vis-à-vis the people he was filming, asking, "Am I someone in the group? Who? Why am I looking at the other person? Am I an outside observer? If I am an observer who am I? Is there anyone else observing from this angle and distance? What are they seeing and thinking?" Marshall’s shooting style evolved to reflect his position within the society he was filming, that of participant more than outside observer. As similar as this approach sounds to cinema verite, Marshall employed sit down interviews in many of his films such as "N!ai, the Story of a !Kung Woman" and cinema verite does not use sit down interviews.
In his early films and indeed most of his films about the Ju/'hoansi, Marshall presents realistic views of the changing life of the once hunter-gatherer culture, but he himself is never a central character in those films. However, in 2002 his 6 episode film "A Kalahari Family" the curtain is pulled and John Marshall as well as his family, who have been involved in both ethnographic and then political efforts with the Ju/'hoansi since the early 1950s, are revealed. This may be the ultimate in reality filmmaking as the Marshall's have been intimately involved in the Ju/'hoansi culture making both positive and negative impacts and finally in "A Kalahari Family," their impact is explored.

</doc>
<doc id="18685448" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18685448" title="Lorrain Valley, Ontario">
Lorrain Valley, Ontario

Lorrain Valley is an unincorporated community in the Canadian province of Ontario, located within the Unorganized, West Part division of Timiskaming District.
The community is located on Highway 567, south of Cobalt and near Paradis Bay.

</doc>
<doc id="18685456" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18685456" title="Gabriela Concepción">
Gabriela Concepción

Gabriela Nidioska Concepción Guzmán, is a pageant titleholder from Puerto Cabello, Carabobo state, Venezuela who was competed in the Miss Venezuela 2008 pageant on September 10, 2008, and won the title of 2nd runner up. She won the Miss Carabobo 2008 title in a state pageant held in Valencia, Venezuela on 13 June 2008.
Concepción represented Venezuela in the Top Model of The World 2010 pageant, in Dortmund (Germany), on February 21, 2010, where she placed as the 1st runner up.
She also represented Venezuela in Miss Continente Americano 2010 on September 18, 2010, in Guayaquil, Ecuador; and placed in the 6 finalists.

</doc>
<doc id="18685476" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18685476" title="Shmarya Rosenberg">
Shmarya Rosenberg

Shmarya Rosenberg, born Scott Rosenberg in 1958, is a blogger, reporter and journalist who publishes the blog FailedMessiah.com. He is a former Chabad-Lubavitch Hasidic Jew who became critical of Jewish Orthodoxy after leaving the Chabad-Lubavitch movement because of its stance regarding Ethiopian Jews.
Rosenberg, who according to the "New York Times" “is fiercely hated in some Orthodox circles”, and is described as a "bigot" by a major Jewish news site; was described as “without doubt one of the Jewish blogosphere's most respected and erudite commentators” by the Israeli daily "Haaretz". He was the only American Jew listed both among the "Jewish Daily Forwards" 50 and "Heeb's" 100 in 2008.
Biography.
Rosenberg grew up in a Conservative Jewish family in Saint Paul, Minnesota, where his parents operated a beauty supply company. His grandfather's grandfather was the chief aide to the third Lubavitcher rebbe Menachem Mendel Schneersohn. According to legend, the aide had to flee the rebbe's Hasidic court and the town of Lyubavichi after he corrected a citation error in one of Schneersohn's responsa. Purportedly, Rosenberg's mother, Helen Mae Rosenberg née Gleckman, was the daughter of Leon Gleckman, a bootlegger known as the "Al Capone of St. Paul". In a post on his blog Rosenberg stated “My grandfather never stole a penny from a poor person or from an immigrant... never killed anyone or ordered anyone to be killed. He was never charged or even accused of anything like that...” 
Rosenberg was active in Jewish student politics at the University of Minnesota and served several years as an executive of the North American World Union of Jewish Students. He first met a Chabad-Lubavitch emissary in the summer of 1983 when he was trying to garner support among local rabbis for Ethiopian Jewry. He became a baal teshuvah and joined the Chabad-Lubavitch movement as an ultra-orthodox Hassidic Jew dedicated to study, community and rigorous observance, abandoning his former ambitions, one of which was to become a songwriter. He also owned a kosher butcher shop in the Twin Cities of St. Paul and Minneapolis and studied to become a rabbi. 
After joining the Chabad-Lubavitch movement, Rosenberg sent a letter to Menachem Mendel Schneerson, the Lubavitcher rebbe at the time, requesting Chabad aid in the effort to rescue the Jews of Ethiopia. He never received an answer from Schneerson. In 2004 he became aware of an unsigned draft of a letter written by Schneerson in 1984 which was originally addressed to Rosenberg. That letter was published in K’far Chabad magazine. That letter had never been sent to Rosenberg. Schneerson, in his response to the correspondence Rosenberg had sent him regarding the tragic plight of Ethiopian Jews, instead directed Rosenberg to focus his efforts on helping Jews in his own community. Outraged, Rosenberg posted his letter and Schneerson’s response along with additional supporting documents on the blog he created, "FailedMessiah.com". FailedMessiah.com was widely read and resulted in his summary excommunication from his Lubavitch community. Presently he describes himself as a secular Jew, but avoids non-kosher food and observes Sabbath to some extent. 
His income is derived from consulting, copywriting, FailedMessiah.com and its attendant reader donations, merchandise e.g. T-shirt showing a bleeding cow with the caption, “I was slaughtered Glatt kosher and all I got was this horribly painful hook in my throat”, referring to the slaughtering practices of Agriprocessors, once the biggest kosher meat plant in the United States.
Career as a blogger and journalist.
When Rosenberg commenced his blog, FailedMessiah.com, in 2004 his purpose was to post his and Schneerson's letters on the internet. He continued blogging out of concern that the blog service would remove it and close the account if he failed to continue posting. The general subject matter of his first posts was Chabad messianism. It was the advent of what he calls his “excommunication” occurring about one month after he first started FailedMessiah.com, as well as the treatment he received from former friends, which made him decide to turn "FailedMessiah.com" into a more in depth and frequently updated blog.
Additionally, Rosenberg authors articles for the "Jewish Daily Forward", "Tablet Magazine", "Moment", "Sh'ma Magazine", "Guilt and Pleasure", "Jewish World Review", "Jewcy", the "Minneapolis StarTribune", the "Daily Beast", and at one time, when time permitted, a weekly column for "Heeb" called "Crimes and Misdemeanors".
FailedMessiah.
The name of the blog, "FailedMessiah.com", originally referred to the belief among Lubavitcher Hassidim that their late rebbe, Menachem Mendel Schneerson, is the messiah. Rosenberg currently views the name as a reference to Jewish Orthodoxy as a whole. "FailedMessiah.com" serves as a news outlet with the motto "Covering Orthodox Judaism since 2004". Utilizing the blog as a means of reaching a wide audience and covering the largely under or un-reported Haredi/Hasidic sector, Rosenberg reports as a journalistic watchdog and whistle blower in “a combination of muckraking reporting and personal grudge into a must-read digest of the actual and alleged misdeeds of the ultra-Orthodox world. He has broken news about sexual misconduct, smear campaigns and dubious business practices conducted by or on behalf of stringently religious Jews.” Chabad-Lubavitch leaders claim that he has exaggerated the degree of messianism in the movement and that he is driven to settle scores. 
When PETA released a video in 2004 of the slaughtering practices at Agriprocessors, a kosher meat plant in Iowa owned and operated by members of the Rubashkin family, Lubavitcher Hasidim from Brooklyn, Rosenberg started to post his own investigative pieces on FailedMessiah.com in addition to those of other journalists. 
He had his first scoop in 2008 when he discovered the sock puppet scam of the public-relations company 5W Public Relations, hired by the Rubashkins, who fabricated online postings to several websites including "FailedMessiah.com" in the name of Rabbi Morris Allen, a Conservative rabbi who was pushing for ethical reform in kosher foods. 
In May 2011, "FailedMessiah.com" broke the news that the Hasidic newspapers "Di Tzeitung" and "Di Voch" had photo-shopped females Secretary of State Hillary Clinton and Director for Counterterrorism Audrey Tomason out of the photograph that depicted President Barack Obama and his national security team watching, in real time from the White House Situation Room, the raid that killed Osama bin Laden. 
Shmarya Rosenberg and his scoops posted on FailedMessiah.com are cited by "The Wall Street Journal, Columbia Journalism Review, PR Week" and other media, and his press releases are occasionally cited and relied upon in the mainstream and non-Orthodox Jewish press, however he has many critics among ultra-Orthodox Jews, and his site has been called "an Anti-Semitic hate site" by frontpagemag.com.

</doc>
<doc id="18685480" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18685480" title="Ian Hickson">
Ian Hickson

Ian "Hixie" Hickson is the author and maintainer of the Acid2 and Acid3 tests, and the Web Applications 1.0/HTML 5 specification. He is known as a proponent of web standards, and has played a crucial role in the development of specifications such as CSS. Hickson was a co-editor of the CSS 2.1 specification. 
Hickson was born in Geneva, Switzerland, and lived there for ten years. He studied physics at the University of Bath in England. Later he was employed at Netscape, and Opera Software; he now works for Google in the San Francisco Bay Area, and is the specification editor of the Web Hypertext Application Technology Working Group.

</doc>
<doc id="18685492" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18685492" title="Provident Bank of Maryland">
Provident Bank of Maryland

Provident Bank of Maryland was a bank in the U.S. state of Maryland. Provident Bank was the largest independent commercial bank headquartered in Maryland, with more than $6.4 billion in assets. Provident operated 143 branches in Maryland, Pennsylvania, Virginia and Washington, DC. Upon entering the Washington, DC and Virginia markets, the bank began to operate as simply "Provident Bank". Provident Bank was a subsidiary of Provident Bankshares Corporation. 
The bank was founded as the Provident Savings Bank of Baltimore in 1886. Provident was one of the first banks to operate "in-store" branches that are located within grocery stores. In 2007, Provident Bank made a $500,000 gift to Villa Julie College in Baltimore.
After almost going under in 1983, Provident brought in two men who were willing to risk their careers to help revitalize the bank; Carl Stern and Peter M. Martin. Ten years following, at Mr. Martin's 2001 retirement, he had reverted the path of the bank, making it the largest regional bank of the area, and earning himself the position of Chairman of the Maryland Bankers Association. His successor's errors, however, plunged the bank into the worst of the 2008 crisis.
On October 15, 2008, Provident announced the acquisition of seven Chevy Chase Bank branch deposits. The deposit base, totalling more than $40 million, was from branches located in Giant grocery stores in the Baltimore area. The acquisition included over 8000 commercial and retail customers. Provident paid a 3% net deposit to Chevy Chase Bank.
Provident announced on December 19, 2008 that it was to be acquired by Buffalo-based M&T Bank in a $401 million stock-for-stock deal. The buyout was approved by Provident shareholders on April 8, 2009. 
Friday, May 22, 2009 was the final day of Provident Bank. Upon opening on May 26, 2009, almost all Provident locations opened with M&T Bank signage. Some buildings, including training locations, were not reopened. In the transition, over 500 employees lost their jobs. This was approximately 29% of Provident's employee base. All positions were non-customer facing positions located mostly at the headquarters in Baltimore. 
American Idol contestant LaKisha Jones is a former employee of Provident Bank.

</doc>
<doc id="18685507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18685507" title="2002 Sandown 500">
2002 Sandown 500

The 2002 Sandown 500 was an Australian motor race for Production Cars which drew its entries from those competing in the Australian Nations Cup Championship and Australian GT Production Car Championship. It was the second Sandown 500 since the former touring car endurance race was revived for production cars and would be the last as Sandown would regain the rights to the 500 kilometre V8 Supercar race the following year.
The race, which was the 35th Sandown 500 endurance race was held at Sandown Raceway in Melbourne, Victoria, Australia over the weekend of 8 September 2002. 
Classes.
Cars competed in four classes:
Sandown 500 Top Gun Challenge.
After qualifying was completed the fastest ten cars competed in a one-lap runoff for the top ten grid positions. Runoff results as follows:
Official results.
Cars failing to complete 75% of winner's distance marked as Not Classified (NC). Race results as follows:

</doc>
<doc id="18685527" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18685527" title="Scooby-Doo! and the Goblin King">
Scooby-Doo! and the Goblin King

Scooby-Doo! and the Goblin King (AKA Scooby-Doo And The Shadow Goblins) is the twelfth in the series of Scooby-Doo direct-to-video films produced by Warner Bros. Animation (though it used a Hanna-Barbera logo at the end of the movie). This movie, along with the next film "Samurai Sword" were both produced and completed in 2008, but "Goblin King" was released first in time for the Halloween season. It was dedicated to Paulette Oates, who helped resurrect Warner Bros. Animation in the late 1980s. All the main voice actors of Mystery, Inc. reprise their roles. The DVD was released on September 23, 2008. This is the first Scooby cartoon produced entirely without either one of the original creators, William Hanna and Joseph Barbera.
Unlike the previous seven movies, this movie implies to be a mix-up/parody film, similar to Zombie Island, Witch's Ghost (which previously featured Tim Curry), Alien Invaders and Cyber Chase, by making all the fantastical elements of the story real. It is also significant in the fact that it shows Shaggy and Scooby being the main characters, something that has not been seen since the television movies of the 80's. The film is a bit more light-hearted than others. It is the 5th, as well as the 2nd-to-last, movie that involves Scooby and the whole gang where the monsters all turn out to be real, instead of a person in a costume.
Plot.
The Mystery, Inc. gang visit a Halloween carnival on Halloween night. When the magician "The Amazing Krudsky" (voiced by Wayne Knight) does not allow Scooby to see his show, Shaggy and Scooby accidentally expose Krudsky as a fraud during one of his acts. Later, the rebellious Fairy Princess Willow (voiced by Hayden Panettiere) enters Krudsky's tent, where he secretly reveals his wishes to become a real magician. The fairy inadvertently causes Krudsky to notice an entry on the Goblin Scepter in a spell book. The Goblin Scepter can be combined with fairy magic to control Halloween. Krudsky then gets an idea to obtain the scepter and rule the world with it. The fairy decides to toy with him, but while flying, the fairy accidentally slams her small body against a metal chair knocking her out; Krudsky then crushes her with his flyswatter. When he notices her cry of pain from being crushed, he sees that she is a real fairy, kidnaps her, and absorbs her magical powers, becoming a real magician.
Meanwhile, Shaggy and Scooby trick-or-treat all night. Their last stop is a spooky looking house which claims to be a "genuine magic shoppe". However, a very loud thunderstorm also begins, frightening our heroes. Inside, they meet the kind Mr. Gibbles (voiced by Wallace Shawn), who reveals that magic really does exist. At that moment, Willow enters being chased by Krudsky. Krudsky captures the Princess, turns Gibbles into a rabbit, and steals the magic equipment before leaving. Mr. Gibbles explains to an astonished Shaggy and Scooby that Krudsky, after capturing the good magic of the princess, will now want the bad magic held in the scepter of the Goblin King, which will cause an imbalance in the supernatural order. Shaggy and Scooby board the Grim Reaper Railway which flies them to the spirit world. Once they arrive, their mission is to get the scepter before Krudsky can, and return home before sunrise or else they will be trapped in the magic world forever. Before they depart, Gibbles gives them magic cards that perform spells just by reading the inscription on each one. However, they have to be saved for emergencies because each card can only be used once and each spell is temporary. To make it less suspicious-looking, Shaggy and Scooby are magically disguised by being transformed into monster-like versions of themselves.
While looking for Shaggy and Scooby, Fred, Daphne, Cait and Velma see Krudsky conversing with the Goblin King through a mirror where the Goblin King (voiced by Tim Curry) agrees to exchange his scepter for Princess Willow at midnight at a clock tower. However, seeing all the evil magic and the Goblin King in reality causes Velma's rational mind to shut down; Fred and Daphne leave Velma to rest and go the tower and set a trap for the Goblin King and Krudsky. In the magic world, Shaggy and Scooby go to a bar owned by a werewolf (also voiced by Tim Curry) and find that everyone is afraid of the Goblin King and will not help them. The Goblin King's two bumbling goblin henchmen Glob and Glum (voiced by James Belushi and Larry Joe Campbell) attempt to capture Scooby and Shaggy, but they are saved by Jack O'Lantern (voiced by Jay Leno), a living pumpkin who leads them to three witches while running away from the Headless Horseman. Along the way, they avoid the Headless Horseman (who was Jack's former body) by heading across a covered bridge which the Headless Horseman can't cross. The three of them arrive at the Witches' Hut where they meet the Grand Witch (voiced by Lauren Bacall) and her two fellow witches (voiced by Grey DeLisle and Russi Taylor). The witches send Shaggy and Scooby on a ride on their flying broomstick named Broomy towards the Goblin King's castle, but they are shot down by Glob and Glum by a goblin gun-like cannon.
Landing in a fairy village, Shaggy and Scooby find three fairies who help them to the Goblin King's castle entrance. Using a potion from the witches (made from someone called Scratch), Shaggy and Scooby disguise themselves as Daphne and Velma in order for Glob and Glum to let them into the castle. Only a few minutes away from midnight, Shaggy and Scooby try to run off with the scepter, but are caught and sent to the dungeon by the Goblin King who heads off to meet with Krudsky. At the clock tower, Krudsky and the Goblin King are almost through with their trade when Fred and Daphne release a trap and run off with the princess. But the trap only catches the Goblin King and Krudsky takes the scepter turning himself into the new Goblin King. After turning the Goblin King into a goose, Krudsky and his goblin army capture Fred, Daphne, and the now-awakened Velma, and he uses his powers to turn Fred into a vampire, Daphne into a witch and Velma into a werewolf (respectively). At that moment, Scooby, Shaggy, and Jack O'Lantern arrive having been saved from the dungeon before sunrise by the fairies and Broomy. Jack sacrifices himself to strip Krudsky of the staff which Scooby uses to break Krudsky's spells, restoring his friends and the Goblin King back to normal.
The Goblin King is revealed to be Willow's father as he holds her responsible for the trouble that has been caused and grounds her for a year. Though he does admits that he is relieved to have her back. Mr. Gibbles brings Jack back to life with the king's help. The Goblin King then takes Krudsky prisoner for both his crimes and treachery (where the Goblin King tells him that he'll have plenty of time to "work on his act") as he returns to the magic world, alongside the goblin army, Willow, Jack, Broomy, and Mr. Gibbles. To keep the balance between the worlds, the Goblin King also uses one final spell to erase the memory of the events from Fred's, Daphne's, and Velma's minds. However, Scooby and Shaggy are allowed to keep theirs as they have proven their courage. As morning comes, Fred, Daphne, and Velma forget what transpires (due to the effects of the memory-erasing spell) as Shaggy and Scooby-Doo come to pick them up.
Original Monsters.
In the scene where Shaggy and Scooby-Doo enter the monster bar when the monsters are singing, some monsters from "Scooby-Doo, Where Are You!", "The New Scooby-Doo Movies", "The Scooby-Doo Show", "What's New, Scooby-Doo?", and "Scooby-Doo! and the Legend of the Vampire" are sighted. Here's a list of the featured monsters:

</doc>
<doc id="18685538" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18685538" title="USS Niagara (SP-246)">
USS Niagara (SP-246)

The fourth USS "Niagara" (SP-246) was a motor boat that served in the United States Navy during World War I.
"Niagara" was built by Matthews Boat Company at Port Clinton, Ohio, in 1913. She was acquired by the U.S. Navy on lease from Lawrence D. Buhl of Detroit, Michigan, on 9 June 1917 for service in World War I, and was commissioned the same day.
"Niagara" served as a motor patrol boat in the 9th Naval District until returned to her owner on 20 March 1919.

</doc>
<doc id="18685558" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18685558" title="Green Mountains Review">
Green Mountains Review

Green Mountains Review is a literary journal that publishes biannually out of Johnson State College in Vermont, founded by senior editor Neil Shepard and currently edited by Elizabeth Powell and Jacob White.
Past contributors of note include Agha Shahid Ali, Marvin Bell, Mark Doty, Stephen Dunn, Donald Hall, Joy Harjo, Laird Hunt, Yusef Komunyakaa, Maxine Kumin, Ann Lauterbach, J. Robert Lennon, Naomi Shihab Nye, Molly Peacock, Benjamin Percy, Robert Pinsky, Alexander Theroux, Anne Waldman, Charles Wright, Mary Oliver, Gary Soto, Robert Walser, Tom Whalen, and David Wojahn.

</doc>
<doc id="18685560" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18685560" title="James E. Walker Library">
James E. Walker Library

__NOTOC__
The James E. Walker Library is the campus library of Middle Tennessee State University (MTSU). Opened in 1999 under university president James E. Walker, it replaced an older library in Todd Hall, now home to the Art Department. A four-story, building, the MTSU library contains over 1,000,000 volumes and more than 33,000 periodicals.
Construction on the James E. Walker Library started on the 85th anniversary of the university's founding, September 11, 1996. The old Todd Library, which had been expanded to a capacity of 225,000, held almost three times that many when the new library opened.
Library departments.
The James E. Walker Library houses offerings in 23 distinct departments, including:

</doc>
<doc id="18685561" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18685561" title="Rup dialects">
Rup dialects

The Rup dialects, or the Southeastern dialects, are a group of Bulgarian dialects located east of the yat boundary, thus being part of the Eastern Bulgarian dialects. The range of the Rup dialects includes the southern part of Thrace, i.e. Strandzha, the region of Haskovo, the Rhodopes and the eastern half of Pirin Macedonia. Before the Balkan wars and World War I, the Rup dialects covered a much larger territory, including vast areas of Eastern Thrace, Western Thrace and the eastern part of Greek Macedonia. Following the wars, most of the Bulgarian population in these areas fled or resettled to Bulgaria and nowadays, the Rup dialects outside Bulgaria are spoken only by the Muslim Bulgarians (Pomaks) in Western Thrace in Greece. Unlike the Northwestern or the Balkan dialects, the dialects included in the Rup group are not uniform and have vastly different phonological characteristics. What brings them together is the vast array of reflexes of Old Church Slavonic (yat). Whereas the Western Bulgarian dialects have only for yat in all positions and the Balkan dialects have or , depending on the character of the following syllable, the Rup dialects feature a number of different reflexes, none of which is similar to the ones in the Western Bulgarian or the Balkan dialects. These reflexes include: in all positions, broad е () in all positions, before a hard syllable and broad e () before a soft syllable, broad e () in a stressed syllable and normal e in an unstressed syllable, etc. etc.
Phonological and morphological characteristics.
The following phonological and morphological characteristics apply to all Rup dialects:
Division of the Rup dialects.
The Rup dialects can furthermore be divided into two large groups, "true" Rup dialects (further divided into western and eastern Rup dialects based on geographical grounds) and Rhodopean dialects. The two groups are sometimes treated as separate dialectal groups. The "true" Rup dialects include the Strandzha dialect, the Thracian dialect, the Serres-Nevrokop dialect and, with some reservations, the Babyak and Razlog dialects. The Rhodopean dialects comprise the Smolyan, Hvoyna, Paulician and Chepino dialect, whereas the Zlatograd dialect is transitional between the two groups. The Babyak and Razlog dialect are usually classified as Rup dialects on account of the reflexes of Old Church Slavonic (yat). However, most of their other phonological properties are similar or identical to the ones of the Southwestern Bulgarian dialects, and especially to the Samokov and Ihtiman dialect, and that's why they are often considered to be transitional between the two groups.
Phonological and morphological characteristics of the Rhodopean dialects.
The Rhodopean dialects occupy the middle part of the Rup dialects, i.e. the central and western Rhodopes. Due to the mountainous terrain and the relative isolation the speakers which lasted well into the beginning of the 20th century, the Rhodopean dialects are both very well preserved and extremely idiosyncratic with regard to the other Bulgarian dialects. The Rhodopean dialects have the following common phonological and morphological properties:
Sources.
Стойков, Стойко: Българска диалектология, Акад. изд. "Проф. Марин Дринов", 2006 [http://www.promacedonia.org/jchorb/st/st_2_b_izt_3.htm]

</doc>
<doc id="18685571" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18685571" title="Frasier syndrome">
Frasier syndrome

Frasier syndrome is a urogenital anomaly associated with the "WT1" gene.
It was first characterized in 1964.
Presentation.
Frasier syndrome presents at birth with male pseudohermaphroditism (the external genitalia have a female appearance despite an XY genotype), streak gonads and progressive glomerulonephropathy (focal segmental glomerulosclerosis). Patients are also at increased risk of genito-urinary tumors (usually gonadoblastoma).
The glomerulonephropathy presents later than in Denys-Drash syndrome, and the tumour risk phenotype is different - whilst DDS is associated with Wilms' tumour, Frasier syndrome is associated with gonadoblastoma. Differentiating between the two syndromes can be challenging.

</doc>
<doc id="18685580" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18685580" title="Royal dukedoms in the United Kingdom">
Royal dukedoms in the United Kingdom

A Royal Duke is a duke who is a member of the British Royal Family, entitled to the style of "His Royal Highness". Royal Dukedoms are the highest titles in the British roll of peerage. They are titles created for royal princes, sons and male line grandsons of the British monarch, usually upon reaching their majority or marriage. The titles can be inherited but cease to be 'royal' once they pass beyond the grandsons of a monarch. As with any peerage, once the title becomes extinct, it may subsequently be recreated by the reigning monarch at any time.
Royal status of dukedoms.
In the United Kingdom, there is nothing intrinsic to any dukedom that makes it "royal". Rather, these peerages are called Royal Dukedoms because they are held by a member of the royal family who is entitled to the style Royal Highness. Although the term "Royal Duke" therefore has no official meaning "per se", the category "Duke of the Blood Royal" was acknowledged as a rank conferring special precedence at court in the unrevoked 20th clause of the Lord Chamberlain's order of 1520. This decree accorded precedence to any peer related by blood to the Sovereign above all others of the same degree within the peerage. The order did not apply within Parliament, nor did it grant precedence above the Archbishop of Canterbury or other Great Officers of State such as is now enjoyed by royal dukes. But it placed junior Dukes of the Blood Royal above the most senior non-royal duke, junior Earls of the Blood Royal above the most senior non-royal earl (cf. Earldom of Wessex), etc. It did not matter how distantly related to the monarch the peers might be (presumably they ranked among each other in order of succession to the Crown). Although legally "time does not run against the King", so that the 1520 order is theoretically still in effect, in fact the "Blood Royal" clause seems to have fallen into desuetude by 1917 when George V limited the style of Royal Highness to children and male-line grandchildren of the Sovereign. Thus peers of the Blood Royal who are neither sons nor grandsons of a Sovereign are no longer accorded precedence above other peers.
Under the 20 November 1917, letters patent of King George V, the titular dignity of Prince or Princess and the style Royal Highness are restricted to the legitimate children of a Sovereign, the children of a Sovereign's sons, and the eldest living son of the eldest son of a Prince of Wales. 
When the current Duke of Gloucester and Duke of Kent are succeeded by their eldest sons, the Earl of Ulster and the Earl of St. Andrews, respectively, those peerages (or rather, the 1928 and 1934 creations of them) will cease to be royal dukedoms, instead the title holders will become ordinary dukes. The third dukes of Gloucester and Kent will each be styled "His Grace" because as great-grandsons of George V, they are not Princes and are not styled HRH. Similarly, upon the death of Prince Arthur, Duke of Connaught (1850–1942) (the third son of Queen Victoria), his only male-line grandson, Alastair Arthur Windsor, Earl of MacDuff (1914–43), briefly succeeded to his peerages and was styled "His Grace". Before the 1917 changes, his style and title was "His Highness Prince Alastair of Connaught."
Current royal dukedoms.
The current Royal Dukedoms, held as principal titles, in order of precedence, are:
The following dukedoms are currently held as secondary titles by members of the Royal family:
With the exceptions of the dukedoms of Cornwall and Rothesay (which can only be held by the eldest son of the Sovereign), these dukedoms are hereditary according to the letters patent that created them. Those patents each contain the standard remainder to "heirs male of his body". 
By law the British monarch also holds, and is entitled to the revenues of, the Duchy of Lancaster. Within the borders of the County Palatine of Lancashire, therefore, Elizabeth II is hailed as "The Queen, The Duke of Lancaster" (even when the monarch is a Queen regnant, by tradition she does not use the title "Duchess"). However, legally the monarch is not the Duke of Lancaster: peerages are in origin held feudally of the sovereign who, as the fount of honour, cannot hold a peerage of him- or herself. The situation is similar in the Channel Islands, where the monarch is addressed as Duke of Normandy, but only in accordance with tradition. He or she does not hold the legal title of Duke of Normandy.
Past royal dukedoms.
The following past Royal Dukedoms are vacant, except those depicted in italics, which are suspended dukedoms, and those in parentheses, which were once royal but have become non-royal dukedoms.
Dukedoms created for the sons of George III.
King George III had seven sons who survived to adulthood. His eldest son, later George IV was created Prince of Wales. Royal dukedoms were created for the six younger sons.
The Hanoverians occasionally combined two territorial designations into a single royal dukedom — for example, the Duke of York and Albany. Other combinations included Gloucester and Edinburgh, Cumberland and Strathearn, Clarence and St Andrews, Kent and Strathearn, Cumberland and Teviotdale, Connaught and Strathearn and Clarence and Avondale. The idea was often to combine an English title with a Scottish one, emphasising the unity of the (then new) United Kingdom. Such Hanoverian dukes were generally also given an Irish subsidiary title.
Dukedoms created for the sons of Queen Victoria.
Queen Victoria had four sons, the eldest of whom was the Prince of Wales and future Edward VII. Royal Dukedoms were created for her three younger sons.
Dukedoms created for the sons of Edward VII.
In addition to the current Royal Dukedoms, the following dukedoms were created for British princes.
Suspended dukedoms.
The dukedoms of Albany and Cumberland-and-Teviotdale are not vacant but were suspended in 1919, as their holders were also reigning German rulers when Britain was at war with Germany in World War I; there still exist heirs to these titles who could apply for their restoration.
The senior male line descendant of the last Duke of Albany is Prince Hubertus of Saxe Coburg Gotha.
The senior male line heir of the last Duke of Cumberland is Ernst August, Prince of Hanover, estranged husband of Caroline, Hereditary Princess of Monaco.
Coronet.
While non-royal dukes are entitled to a coronet of eight strawberry leaves, to bear at a coronation and on his coat of arms, royal dukes are entitled to princely coronets (four crosses patée alternating with four strawberry leaves). The coronets of the royal family are dictated by letters patent. The Duke of York bears by letters patent, and the Duke of Edinburgh was granted in 1947 use of, the coronet of a child of the Sovereign (four crosses patée alternating with four fleurs-de-lis), while the Duke of Cornwall and Rothesay has use of the Prince of Wales Coronet, the Duke of Cambridge the coronet of a child of the heir-apparent and the current Dukes of Gloucester and of Kent, as grandsons of a Sovereign bear the corresponding coronet.
At coronations, apart from the differentiation of Princely coronets from ducal coronets, a Royal Duke is also entitled to six rows of ermine spots on his mantle, as opposed to the four rows borne by an ordinary duke.

</doc>
<doc id="18685603" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18685603" title="Wallalong, New South Wales">
Wallalong, New South Wales

Wallalong is a rural suburb of the Port Stephens local government area in the Hunter Region of New South Wales, Australia. The suburb is bisected by High Street, along which a small residential zone of 938 people exists. To the east and west of this area the suburb is almost exclusively rural.
Wallalong is said to mean a flat near a river or creek in a local Indigenous language.

</doc>
<doc id="18685616" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18685616" title="Strandzha dialect">
Strandzha dialect

The Strandzha dialect is a dialect of the Bulgarian language, member of the Rup or Southeastern Bulgarian dialects. The present range of the dialect includes the Bulgarian part of Strandzha. In the past, the dialect was spoken on a much larger territory and extended far down into Eastern Thrace, now in Turkey. Following the Balkan wars, the Bulgarian population there was forced to flee to Bulgaria, settling mostly in the regions of Burgas and Varna in eastern Bulgaria.
Phonological and morphological characteristics.
For other phonological and morphological characteristics that are typical for all Rup dialects, cf. article.
Sources.
Стойков, Стойко: Българска диалектология, Акад. изд. "Проф. Марин Дринов", 2006 [http://www.promacedonia.org/jchorb/st/st_2_b_izt_3.htm#strandzhanski]

</doc>
<doc id="18685628" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18685628" title="Thracian dialect">
Thracian dialect

The Thracian dialect is a dialect of the Bulgarian language, member of the Rup or Southeastern Bulgarian dialects. The present range of the dialect includes the regions of Haskovo, Parvomay, Elhovo, Harmanli, Svilengrad, Topolovgrad and Ivaylovgrad. In the past, the dialect was spoken on a much larger territory and extended far down into Eastern and Western Thrace, now in Turkey and Greece, respectively. Following the Balkan wars, the Bulgarian population there was forced to flee to Bulgaria, settling mostly in the regions of Burgas and Haskovo, Yambol and Plovdiv.
Phonological and morphological characteristics.
For other phonological and morphological characteristics that are typical for all Rup dialects, see Rup dialects.
Sources.
Стойков, Стойко: Българска диалектология, Акад. изд. "Проф. Марин Дринов", 2006 [http://www.promacedonia.org/jchorb/st/st_2_b_izt_3.htm#trakijski]

</doc>
<doc id="18685636" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18685636" title="Roy Starrs">
Roy Starrs

Roy Starrs (born 1946) is a British-Canadian scholar of Japanese literature and culture who teaches at the University of Otago in New Zealand. He has written critical studies of the major Japanese writers Yasunari Kawabata, Naoya Shiga, Osamu Dazai, and Yukio Mishima, and edited books on Asian nationalism (especially ethnic nationalism, religious nationalism, and cultural nationalism), globalization, and pan-Asianism. He has also published essays on Japan-related topics such as the Kojiki, Lafcadio Hearn and Japanese calligraphy.
Roy Starrs is also the Japan editor of the online "The Literary Encyclopedia".
He was born in Birmingham, England on November 18, 1946 and became a Canadian citizen as an adult. He received his Ph.D. from the University of British Columbia in 1986 and previously taught at U.B.C., Union College (New York), and Aarhus University (Denmark).

</doc>
<doc id="18685646" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18685646" title="Thornburgh">
Thornburgh

Thornburgh is a surname, and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18685654" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18685654" title="Infant cognitive development">
Infant cognitive development

Infant cognitive development is the study of how psychological processes involved in thinking and knowing develop in young children. Information is acquired a number of ways including through sight, sound, touch, taste, smell and language, all of which require processing by our cognitive system.
With its origin in the first half of the 20th century, an early and influential theory in this field is Jean Piaget's Theory of cognitive development. Since Piaget's contribution to the field, infant cognitive development and methods for its investigation have advanced considerably—for example, see Neo-Piagetian theories of cognitive development.
Overview.
Tabula rasa is a theory that the (human) mind is at birth a "blank slate" without any rules for processing data, that data is added and rules for processing are formed solely by one's sensory experiences. The modern idea of the theory is mostly attributed to John Locke's "An Essay Concerning Human Understanding", written in the 17th century.
Its corollary, nativism, argues that we are born with certain cognitive modules that allow us to learn and acquire certain skills, such as language, and is most associated with the recent work of Noam Chomsky, Jerry Fodor, and Steven Pinker.
If one accepts that nothing is known until learned, and that everyone shares a basic common sense, it appears infants must—to some degree—make some specific ontological inferences about how the world works, and what kinds of things it contains. This procedure is studied in psychology and its validity is studied in philosophy.
Jean Piaget.
Through observations of children, Piaget established a theory of cognitive development. According to Piaget's theory of cognitive development there are four stages of cognitive development. 
Infant cognitive development occurs in the Sensorimotor stage which starts at birth and extends until the infant is about 2 years of age. The sensorimotor stage is made up of six sub-stages.
Lev Vygotsky.
Leve Vygotsky was also very influential in cognitive development theory. His theory included the Zone of proximal development.
The Development of Mental Processes.
Perception.
Attribution of Causality.
The perception of causality was initially studied by Albert Michotte where he presented adults with animated images of moving balls. By manipulating the direction and timing of the moving balls (spatial and temporal dimensions) he was able to influence participants’ perception of causality.
 There is contradicting evidence on whether causal perception is innate and present at birth or whether it is a result of perception development. Through research with very young infants, many studies have shown support for the theory that humans are born with the mechanisms needed for the perception of causality
. Recent research has even shown this ability in newborns only a few hours old. However, other studies have shown similar results received by Michotte (1976) in infants as young as 6 months, but not younger 
. These studies support a more developmental progression of abilities required for the perception of causality.
Object Permanence.
Object permanence is the understanding that an object continues to exist, even when one cannot see it or touch it. It is an important milestone in the stages of cognitive development for infants. Numerous tests regarding it have been done, usually involving a toy and a crude barrier which is placed in front of the toy, and then removed repeatedly (peekaboo). In early sensorimotor stages, the infant is completely unable to comprehend object permanence. Psychologist Jean Piaget conducted experiments with infants which led him to conclude that this awareness was typically achieved at eight to nine months of age. Infants before this age are too young to understand object permanence, which explains why infants at this age do not cry when their mothers are gone – "Out of sight, out of mind". A lack of object permanence can lead to A-not-B errors, where children look for an object at the location where they first discovered it rather than where they have just seen it placed.
Depth Perception.
Studies in recent psychology also suggest that three dimensionality is not intuitive, and must be learned in infancy using an unconscious inference. (see depth perception)
Physical Laws.
Largely thanks to the innovative strategies developed by Renee Baillargeon and her colleagues, considerable knowledge has been gained in the last 25 years about how young infants come to understand natural physical laws. Much of this research depends on carefully observing when infants react as if events are unexpected. For example, if an infant sees an object that appears to be suspended in mid-air, and behaves as if this is unexpected, then this suggests that the infant has an understanding that things usually fall if they are not supported. Baillargeon and her colleagues have contributed evidence, for example, about infants’ understanding of object permanence and their reasoning about hidden objects.
Metacognition.
Self-awareness.
The most common technique used in research for testing self-awareness in infants a mirror test known as the “rouge test. The rouge test works by applying a dot on an infant’s face and then placing them in front of the mirror. If the infant investigates the dot on their nose by touching it, they are thought to realize their own existence and have achieved self-awareness. A number of research studies have used this technique and shown self-awareness to develop between 15 and 24 months of age. Some researchers take language such as “I, me, my, etc.” as an indicator of self-awareness.
Rochat (2003) described a more in-depth developmental path in acquiring self-awareness through various stages. He described self-awareness as occurring in 5 stages beginning from birth.
Symbolic Thought.
Symbolic thought refers to the ability to use words, images, and other symbols to represent words or feelings. During the preoperational stage a child's capacity for symbolism increases, this is shown by their increase in language use during this stage. This can also be seen by the way children play with objects, a stick becomes a sword and a box becomes armor. Children in this stage still might not understand that a map represents a real place, and that a picture of food does not have a smell.

</doc>
<doc id="18685662" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18685662" title="Tibor Rényi">
Tibor Rényi

Tibor Rényi (born 1973) is a contemporary Hungarian painter. He was born in Budapest, Hungary.
Images from the subconscious.
The main themes of his art are colorful, dream-like creatures and places of the subconscious. To get images from there, he uses a special technique similar to Rorschach inkblot test, which is used by psychology. He assists to his own subconscious as a medium. From random paint blots, he sees shapes and stories to emerge, then he boosts and refines them until the painting is done.
Townscapes.
Other popular themes of his art are colourful, mosaic-like townscapes with a light oriental mood. He's deeply touched by the forms and shapes of the old Ottoman architecture and the ancient Turkish world, as it can be seen many places at the Balkan region. There are a few memories of those times even in Hungary, like in the artist's favourite city of Pécs with 2 mosques from the sixteenth century.
Medium and influences.
Tibor Rényi's main medium is acrylic. From the great names of the twentieth century, Marc Chagall's and Friedensreich Hundertwasser's free winged lifework had the highest effect to his art.

</doc>
<doc id="18685741" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18685741" title="Batman (Nintendo Entertainment System)">
Batman (Nintendo Entertainment System)

Batman is a platform game developed by Sunsoft for the Nintendo Entertainment System and Game Boy, loosely based on the 1989 film of the same name. It contains five levels based on the movie culminating in a showdown with the Joker in the bell tower of Gotham Cathedral. It was received well despite changes from the movie it was based upon.
Sunsoft followed up the release of "Batman" with "".
Gameplay.
The game has a feature that was unusual to side-scrolling platform games at the time, largely to the NES itself. Unlike Sunsoft's "Batman" for the Mega Drive/Genesis, Batman has the ability to wall jump, which is reminiscent of Ryu Hayabusa's wall scaling in "Ninja Gaiden". He is also able to use three projectile weapons: the batarang, dirk, and bat speargun, which are powered by pellet cartridges. The bosses in the game are Killer Moth, a device known as the Machine Intelligence System, the Electrocutioner, a machine known as the Dual-Container Alarm, Firebug, and the Joker.
The Gameboy version offers a much different experience; notably requiring more platforming and removing melee combat in favor of unique weapons.
Development.
While "Batman" and "" were not based on a movie, this game was. The prototype version of the game had some significant differences, such as a 1UP icon and entirely different cut-scenes. The game's last boss was Firebug and there was no Joker boss. Instead, Batman defeats the Joker in the ending cut-scene.
The art and dialogue were changed from the prototype to the final version to better reflect the look and events from the movie.
Reception.
Critical reception of the game was mostly positive. GameFAQs reviewers gave an average score of 8/10.

</doc>
<doc id="18685742" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18685742" title="Indoor Football League">
Indoor Football League

The Indoor Football League is a professional Indoor Football league created in 2008 out of the merger between the Intense Football League and United Indoor Football. For the 2011 season the league had 22 teams in 14 different U.S. states. The 2012 season consisted of 16 teams. In 2013 and 2014, the 9 teams comprised the league. Players earn a maximum of 200 dollars per game played before taxes. The season is 14 games long, plus playoffs of two or more rounds.
History.
Formation of the league.
The merger which formed the new IFL was announced the day before the 2008 National Indoor Bowl Championship, a game which pitted the champions of the two leagues against each other. The Sioux Falls Storm (United) defeated the Louisiana Swashbucklers (Intense) 54 to 42.
2009 season.
Of the 17 teams involved in the two previous leagues, 14 carried over to the new organization's 2009 season. An additional 3 teams came over from the CIFL and two expansion teams began their life in the new IFL. In the 2009 IFL United Bowl, the Billings Outlaws (Intense Conference) took the league championship by defeating the River City Rage (United Conference) by a score of 71 to 62.
2010 season.
After losing two teams to attrition after the end of the 2009 season, and a third in January 2010, the IFL then added an additional nine franchises to boost its membership to twenty-five for the 2010 season. Three of the new teams were expansion franchises. Two moved over from the Southern Indoor Football League and Continental Indoor Football League. After playing nine games of the 2010 season the Alaska Wild suspended operations, leaving only twenty-four teams to finish the year. In the 2010 IFL United Bowl, the Billings Outlaws (Intense Conference) took the league championship by defeating the Sioux Falls Storm (United Conference) by a score of 43 to 34.
2011 season.
Seven new teams were added to the IFL for the 2011 season. Some of these were new expansion teams, and others moved to the IFL from the AIFA. The IFL also lost nine teams during the offseason, bringing the total number to twenty-two for 2011. In the 2011 IFL United Bowl, the Sioux Falls Storm (United Conference) took the league championship by defeating the Tri-Cities Fever (Intense Conference) by a score of 37-10.
2012 season.
For the 2012 season, the IFL switched to a two-conference format with no divisions, due, in large part, to the loss of all the Texas-based teams (except the Allen Wranglers) to the newly formed Lone Star Football League. The Wranglers brought attention to the league for offering a US$500,000 contract to unemployed wide receiver Terrell Owens to become the team's part-owner and wide receiver. Owens accepted the contract. ESPN3 carried Owens's debut game against the Wichita Wild. The front office of the league saw changes as well, as Commissioner Tommy Benizio, resigned. The league appointed assistant commissioner, Robert Loving, as the interim Commissioner.
2013 season.
On October 12, 2012, the Bloomington Edge announced that the team had been sold to the owners of the Bloomington Blaze hockey franchise and would relocate to the new Champions Professional Indoor Football League for the 2013 season. On January 21, 2013, the league announced that the owner of the Cheyenne Warriors died and that the team would not be entering the league this season as planned.
2014 season.
The league added the Minnesota-based Bemidji Axemen to expand to 10 teams but the Chicago Slaughter were sold and changed leagues, returning the IFL to 9 teams for the 2014 season. In February 2014, the league announced that it would return to Montana in 2015 with the new Billings Wolves franchise.
Teams.
Current.
<br style="font-size:360pt">
IFL United Bowl Championship.
The IFL continues to use the "United Bowl" name originally used by United Indoor Football. The UIF used this name before they merged with Intense Football League to form the Indoor Football League. The UIF held United Bowl I, II, III, and IV in 2005 through 2008, with all four being won by the Sioux Falls Storm. Although the name "National Indoor Bowl Championship" was used for the 2008 contest between the UIF and the Intense Football League, the "United Bowl" name continues to be used for the combined league's championship instead.
2009 United Bowl Championship.
The 2009 IFL United Bowl featured the Intense Conference champs, the Billings Outlaws, against the upset-minded United Conference River City Rage. The game became a scoring onslaught at the start of the 1st quarter with each team scoring touchdowns. The Outlaw defense snagged a pick in the 2nd quarter which led to another offensive touchdown and a commanding two score lead by halftime. The Rage fought back though, recovering an onside kick at the beginning of the 3rd quarter and driving the ball the length of the field for a touchdown. That would be the closest the game would get for the Rage. The Outlaws would put up just enough points to keep a comfortable lead throughout the fourth and after recovering an onside kick in the last minute of the game, the Outlaws kneeled the ball and took home the crown with a score of 71-62 in a loud, sold-out Rimrock Auto Arena.
2010 United Bowl Championship.
In the 2010 IFL United Bowl, the Billings Outlaws of the Intense Conference took the league championship by defeating the Sioux Falls Storm of the United Conference by a score of 43 to 34 in front of a sold out crowd in the Billings Sportsplex (a training facility, used by the Outlaws after their arena suffered storm damage during the Fathers Day Tornado).
2011 United Bowl Championship.
The 2011 IFL United Bowl was won by the United Conference champion Sioux Falls Storm when they beat the Intense Conference Champion Tri-Cities Fever 37-10 on July 16, 2011.
2012 United Bowl Championship.
The 2012 IFL United Bowl was a re-match and was once again won by the United Conference champion Sioux Falls Storm when they beat the Intense Conference Champion Tri-Cities Fever 59-32 on July 14, 2012.
2013 United Bowl Championship.
The 2013 IFL United Bowl was once again won by the United Conference champion Sioux Falls Storm when they beat the Intense Conference Champion Nebraska Danger 43-40 on June 29, 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="18685744" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18685744" title="A Tangled Tale">
A Tangled Tale

A Tangled Tale is a collection of ten brief humorous stories by Lewis Carroll (Charles Lutwidge Dodgson), published serially between April 1880 and March 1885 in "The Monthly Packet" magazine. Arthur B. Frost added illustrations when the series was printed in book form. The stories, or Knots as Carroll calls them, present mathematical problems. In a later issue, Carroll gives the solution to a Knot and discusses readers' answers. The mathematical interpretations of the Knots are not always straightforward. The ribbing of readers answering wrongly – giving their names – was not always well received (see Knot VI below).
In the December 1885 book preface Carroll writes,
Describing why he was ending the series, Carroll writes to his readers that the Knots were "but a lame attempt." Others were more receptive: In 1888 Stuart Dodgson Collingwood wrote, "With some people, this is the most popular of all his 
books; it is certainly the most successful attempt he ever made to combine mathematics and humour." They have more recently been described as having "all the charm and wit of his better-known works".
Summary of Knots and solutions.
Knot I, Excelsior. Two knights discuss the distance they will have travelled that day, uphill and downhill at different speeds. The older knight obscurely explains the mathematical problem.
Knot II, Eligible Apartments. Professor Balbus, named after a hero with "anecdotes whose vagueness in detail was more than compensated by their sensational brilliance", is given a problem by students. The number of guests for a party is described in puzzling terms. He in turn creates a mathematical problem for them: two answers are required of readers.
Knot III, Mad Mathesis. Overbearing aunt Mad Mathesis bets her niece that she can select a train from London that will pass more trains than her niece's does. The niece loses, but thinks she has found a solution to win, a second time. 
Knot IV, The Dead Reckoning. The two knights of Knot I, in a modern guise, are party to a dispute about the weight of a passengers' bags lost overboard from a ship.
Knot V, Oughts and Crosses. The aunt and niece from Knot III are in an art museum. Trading snipes as before, the aunt evades her niece's logical problem: The niece's preceptress had told her girls, "The more noise you make the less jam you will have, and vice versa." The niece wants to know if this means that if they are silent, they will have infinite jam. Instead, her aunt responds with her own logical problem.
Knot VI, Her Radiancy. Two travellers appear in Kgovjni, a land referenced in earlier Knots. The ruler places them in "the best dungeon, and abundantly fed on the best bread and water" until they resolve a logical problem.
Knot VII, Petty Cash. The aunt and niece encounter "by a remarkable coincidence" others who are travelling not only on the same train, but at the same station, on the same day, at the same hour. Lunch bills are muddled due to the aunt's reluctance in writing down numbers that could "easily" be memorised.
Knot VIII, De Omnibus Rebus. The travellers of Knot VI are leaving Kgovjni with relief, when a mathematical problem occurs to one of them. 
Knot IX, A Serpent with Corners. The characters of Knot II, and Balbus and his two students, return to give three problems loosely connected by a narrative. 
Knot X, Chelsea Buns. Mad Mathesis and her niece return, as well as Balbus and his two students.
Changes after magazine publication.
Changes were made when the stories were published in book form. In the solution to Knot III reader AYR is dropped entirely from discussion. The change causes a comparison with same number of readers getting a perfect score on a previous Knot to be dropped: 
Other examples of changes in Knot III are "Mad Mathesis dragged her off" to "Mad Mathesis hurried her on", and Clair saying "If I may go the same way round, as I did last time" to "If I may choose my train."

</doc>
<doc id="18685750" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18685750" title="Yen Plus">
Yen Plus

Yen Plus is an American monthly anthology magazine of Japanese manga, Korean manhwa, and Original English-language manga (OEL manga) published by Yen Press. The first issue went on sale on July 29, 2008 with five manga titles originally published by Gangan Comics, four manhwa titles, and two OEL manga titles. The magazine contains over 450 pages an issue, and reads both right-to-left for manga titles, and left-to-right for manhwa and OEL manga titles; as such, each issue has two covers. Although "Yen Plus" does not publicize official circulation figures, Hachette Book Group publicity materials for the "Maximum Ride" manga reported a circulation figure for "Yen Plus" of "nearly 100,000 copies" as of late 2008. The print publication was suspended following the July 2010 issue and the magazine is now being published online.
Serialized titles.
This is a complete list of all titles serialized in "Yen Plus". It does not include single chapter previews of titles. The titles currently running in the magazine are highlighted.

</doc>
<doc id="18685754" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18685754" title="Batman (Sega Mega Drive video game)">
Batman (Sega Mega Drive video game)

Batman is a video game released for the Sega Genesis, which was inspired by the Tim Burton-directed "Batman" film from 1989. The Mega Drive/Genesis version was also produced by Sunsoft. Critics were impressed by its graphics, sound, and playability. The game is more faithful to the film's plot than NES version and features levels in which the player controls Batman's vehicles.
Similarities and differences from the Nintendo version.
Unlike the NES, this version stays closer to the plot of the film, and features the Batmobile and Batwing in the form of horizontal shooting levels. While the NES version allows three unique weapons and unlimited continues, the Genesis version only has the Batarang as a special weapon with limited continues. The grappling hook is an additional item. The game also deviates from the film plot because, in the film, Batman attempts to save Napier from falling into the chemicals, but fails. However, in the game, Batman actually knocks Napier into the vat. This game has several cutscenes, with the player advancing to the next destination after defeating a boss character.
Like the NES version, the music was also composed by Naoki Kodaka.
Reception.
It was highly regarded by critics of most video game magazines who reviewed the Japanese version.

</doc>
<doc id="18685757" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18685757" title="Jonathan Shay">
Jonathan Shay

Jonathan Shay (born 1941) is a doctor and clinical psychiatrist. He holds a B.A from Harvard (1963) and an M.D. (1971) and a Ph.D. (1972) from the University of Pennsylvania. He is best known for his publications comparing the experiences of Vietnam veterans with the descriptions of war and homecoming in Homer's "Iliad" and "Odyssey".
Work with Vietnam veterans.
Shay's early medical work was laboratory research on how central nervous system cells are affected by strokes, but after suffering a stroke himself, he went to work for the United States Department of Veterans' Affairs outpatient clinic in Boston. While working there, in his words, "The veterans simply kidnapped me," and his work with them "utterly redirected my life."
In 1987, Shay shifted from neuropathology to the study of Posttraumatic Stress Disorder (PTSD) and published a short article linking the combat histories of patients at the VA with the experience of war described in Homer's "Iliad". He was then approached by classics professor Gregory Nagy who suggested that the topic might be expanded into a full-length book on the nature and treatment of PTSD.
He has written two books, "Achilles in Vietnam: Combat Trauma and the Undoing of Character" and "Odysseus in America: Combat Trauma and the Trials of Homecoming", which discuss PTSD by reference to the experiences of American veterans of the Vietnam War, and the experiences depicted in the "Iliad" and the "Odyssey". Shay's research uncovered what may be the earliest historical reference to PTSD, in Lady Percy's soliloquy in Henry IV, Part 1 (act 2, scene 3, lines 40-62). Written around 1597, it represents an unusually accurate description of the symptom constellation of PTSD.
Shay has also done research on the use of Prozac in treating PTSD in Vietnam veterans.
Views on PTSD.
Shay writes, "For years I have agitated against the diagnostic jargon 'Posttraumatic stress disorder' because transparently we are dealing with an injury, not an illness, malady, disease, sickness, or disorder."
Shay argues that PTSD is not an illness but the persistence of adaptive behaviors needed to survive in a stressful environment. For example, emotional numbing is useful in a disaster situation and maladaptive in a family setting, and loss of trust enhances survival in a prison but not in a community setting. Like Derek Summerfield, he also argues against labeling and patronizing treatment. Shay recommends that we resocialize trauma survivors as a means of promoting socially acceptable behavior patterns. He cites classical Greek theater and the collective mourning described in the "Iliad" as possible precedents. In "Odysseus in America" he writes of "the circle of communalization of trauma": "When trauma survivors hear that enough of the truth of their experience has been understood, remembered and retold with enough fidelity to carry some of this truth...then the circle of communalization is complete."
Prevention of PTSD.
Shay is a passionate advocate of improved mental health treatment for soldiers and of more vigorous efforts to prevent PTSD, in addition to structural reform of the ways the U.S. armed forces are organized, trained, and counseled. He has collaborated with General James Jones, the past commandant of the Marines, and Major General James Mattis of the Marines. He has promoted the concept of preventative psychiatry in support of military cohesion, leadership and training:
Concept of moral injury.
Shay introduced the concept of "Moral injury" and recommended treatment strategies for it in his two books. Moral injury is a distinct syndrome from (but often co-morbid with) PTSD and is one of the primary themes for the veterans described in his books, often leading to personality changes and obstructing successful treatment. 
Shay writes that his "current most precise (and narrow) definition of moral injury has three parts. Moral injury is present when (1) there has been a betrayal of what is morally correct; (2) by someone who holds legitimate authority; and (3) in a high-stakes situation." Factor (2) is an instance of Shay's concept of "leadership malpractice". Other authors have alternative definitions where (2) is by the individual.
Career recognition.
Shay is respected in military circles, having conducted the Commandant of the Marine Corps Trust Study (1999-2000); serving as Visiting Scholar-at-Large at the U.S. Naval War College (2001); Chair of Ethics, Leadership, and Personnel Policy in the Office of the U.S. Army Deputy Chief of Staff for Personnel; and was Omar Bradley Chair of Strategic Leadership at the US Army War College and Dickinson College (2008-2009). 
In 2007 he received a MacArthur "Genius Grant" fellowship. In 2010 he was awarded the Salem Award for Human Rights and Social Justice for "building public awareness and acceptance of post-traumatic stress disorder as a serious and "bona fide" war injury."

</doc>
<doc id="18685760" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18685760" title="1925 Chatham Cup">
1925 Chatham Cup

The 1925 Chatham Cup was the third annual nationwide knockout football competition in New Zealand.
The competition was run on a regional basis. Each region held its own contest to find a regional champion, with these then being grouped into four regional associations (Auckland, Wellington, Canterbury, and Otago), each of which was represented in semi-finals by one team, followed by northern and southern semi-finals and a national final. 
Entrants.
In all, 30 teams took part in the competition, though some contemporary reports say there were 29. Ten of these teams were from the Wellington area, nine from Auckland, and three from Christchurch. Confusion is caused by some contemporary reports which list the Pukemiro team as "Huntly", despite these being two separate sides from the same area.
The 1925 final.
The final was played at Newtown Park, Wellington, a change of venue from the previous finals which had been at Athletic Park. This new venue was to host the final again in 1927, with the Basin Reserve being preferred as a permanent venue from 1928 after its use in 1926. The 1925 final was part of an unusual double-bill, the ground also being used on the same day for a rugby league match between the New Zealand team and a touring Queensland representative XIII.
The final was the first re-match of two teams who had previously contested a final; six Seacliff players and four YWCA players played in both the 1923 and 1925 finals. The game was described in "The Dominion" as entertaining with a number of chances, as was reflected by the scoreline, which was 2-2 at full time. The first goal came from Stewart Dempster for YMCA, but Wattie Hanlin equalised before the half-time interval. In the second half Seacliff went into the lead through Bill Hooper, who became the first player to score in two separate finals, having previously scored in Seacliff's 1923 win. this time it was YMCA who equalised with a second goal from Dempster. Dave Halley grabbed the winner for the Wellington side early in the first period of extra time.

</doc>
<doc id="18685773" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18685773" title="Luke Whisnant">
Luke Whisnant

Luke Whisnant (born 1957) is an American novelist, short story writer and poet. His first novel, "Watching TV with the Red Chinese", was published in 1992 and was made into a feature film in 2010. "Street", a poetry chapbook, was published in 1990; "Down in the Flood", a collection of short stories, appeared in 2006. Whisnant earned his B.A. in English from East Carolina University and his M.F.A. in Creative Writing from Washington University in St. Louis. He is Professor of English at East Carolina University, where he also edits "Tar River Poetry".

</doc>
<doc id="18685775" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18685775" title="Inela Nogić">
Inela Nogić

Inela Nogić (born 1976 in Sarajevo) became world-famous during the Siege of Sarajevo when she won the 1993 Miss Sarajevo beauty pageant, which was held in a basement in an effort to avoid the barrage of sniper attacks from Serb militias. Nogić and the other contestants held up a banner that read "Don't let them kill us". The pageant was documented by an amateur filmmaker, whose footage director Bill Carter then used in his documentary "Miss Sarajevo". The documentary was broadcast internationally, provoking a viewer response that added to the international pressure to end the siege. Footage of the documentary was incorporated into the single "Miss Sarajevo" by the Irish band U2 together with Brian Eno and the Italian opera singer Luciano Pavarotti. Nogić also featured on the cover of the single, taken during the pageant.
After the war ended, Nogić was invited to the 1997 concert given by U2 in Sarajevo and personally escorted by the band.
As of 2012, she has been living in the Netherlands and is the mother of two. 

</doc>
<doc id="18685776" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18685776" title="USS Niagara (SP-136)">
USS Niagara (SP-136)

The sixth USS "Niagara" (SP-136), later PY-9, was a United States Navy patrol vessel in commission from 1918 to 1931 and which served during World War I.
Acquisition.
"Niagara" was a steam yacht built in 1898 by Harlan and Hollingsworth, Wilmington, Delaware. The U.S. Navy purchased her on 10 August 1917 from Howard Gould of New York, New York, and converted her into an armed patrol yacht. She was commissioned in the Tebo's Yacht Basin, Brooklyn, New York, on 16 April 1918, Commander E. B. Larimer in command.
World War I Service.
"Niagara" departed New York on 21 May 1918 as escort for a merchant convoy bound for Bermuda and the Azores. She arrived at Ponta Delgada, Azores, on 12 August 1918 and departed on 22 August 1918 to join the American Patrol Detachment at Grassy Bay, Bermuda. On 5 September 1918 she stood out of Grassy Bay to rescue and tow in the merchant sloop "Gauntlet", which was adrift after her sails had been carried away in a storm.
On 14 September 1918 "Niagara" sailed for Martinique in the West Indies to escort the French cable ship "Pouyer Quertier", arriving at Fort-de-France on 19 September 1918. The two ships operated in the West Indies, visiting Trinidad, Barbados, Martinique, and Puerto Rico, until "Niagara" stood out from Port of Spain, Trinidad, on 13 December 1918 for Charleston, South Carolina.
Postwar Service.
"Niagara" entered the New York Navy Yard on 13 May 1919 for repairs before training out of New London, Connecticut, and New York. She departed New York on 25 September 1919 for Key West, Florida, then cruised off the coast of Mexico and between ports in Texas, Louisiana, and Florida. Other missions took her off Honduras, Guatemala, and Cuba.
Reclassified PY-9 on 17 July 1920, she continued patrols in the Caribbean Sea as a unit of the special service squadron until decommissioning at Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, on 21 April 1922.
"Niagara" recommissioned on 24 June 1924, Commander Paul P. Blackburn in command. She sailed on 3 November 1924 to survey in the Caribbean under the direction of the Navy Hydrographic Office. She operated most of the next eight years charting the Gulf of Venezuela and the coast of Central America.
Her last survey cruise ended when she returned to Philadelphia on 17 October 1930. "Niagara" decommissioned on 3 March 1931 and her name was struck from the Navy List on 10 December 1931. She was sold for scrapping on 13 September 1933 to the Northern Metal Company of Philadelphia.

</doc>
<doc id="18685782" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18685782" title="Bombing of Kure (July 1945)">
Bombing of Kure (July 1945)

The bombing of Kure and surrounding areas by United States and British naval aircraft in late July 1945 led to the sinking of most of the surviving large warships of the Imperial Japanese Navy (IJN). The United States Third Fleet's attacks on Kure Naval Arsenal and nearby ports on 24, 25, and 28 July sank an aircraft carrier, three battleships, five cruisers, and several smaller warships. During the same period the British Pacific Fleet attacked other targets in the Inland Sea region and sank two escort ships and several smaller vessels as well as damaging an escort carrier.
Prelude.
In July 1945 the IJN's remaining large warships were concentrated near the major naval base of Kure. The ships were effectively immobilized due to fuel shortages and were being used only as stationary anti-aircraft batteries. Admiral John S. McCain, Sr., the commander of the Fast Carrier Task Force, strongly opposed attacking Kure as he and his staff believed that the ships only posed a minor threat.
In his memoirs Admiral Halsey gave four reasons for why he attacked Kure despite McCain's objections. Firstly, he believed that the attack would boost US morale and retaliate for the Attack on Pearl Harbor in December 1941, secondly it would ensure that the Japanese could not disrupt the planned Soviet invasion of Hokkaido, thirdly it would prevent Japan from using its fleet as a bargaining point to secure better peace terms and finally that he had been ordered to conduct the attack by his superior officer, Fleet Admiral Chester W. Nimitz.
Despite operating as a task group of the US Third Fleet, the British Pacific Fleet was excluded from the attack on Kure so that Britain would not be able to claim a part in destroying the Japanese fleet. The BPF was instead used to attack airfields and the port of Osaka.
Kure had been subjected to several major attacks by B-29 Superfortress bombers of the United States Army Air Forces in 1945, prior to the US Navy's attack in late July. The Hiro Naval Aircraft Factory was successfully bombed on 5 May, naval mines were laid in the approaches to the port on 30 March and 5 May and 40 percent of the city was destroyed in a major air raid on 1 July.
Participating in the attacks were Task Force 38 for the Americans and Task Force 37 for the British. Task Force 37 included the carriers HMS "Formidable", "Indefatigable", and "Victorious".
Battle.
The Third Fleet's attack against Kure began on 24 July. US carrier aircraft flew 1,747 sorties on this day against Japanese targets. The attacks were successful, and resulted in the sinking of aircraft carrier "Amagi", and the cruiser "Ōyodo", which at this time was acting as the Combined Fleet's flagship. The battleships "Hyūga", "Ise", and "Haruna", the heavy cruisers "Tone" and "Aoba", and the old armored training cruisers "Iwate" and "Izumo" were all heavily damaged and settled in shallow water. The shallow anchorage precluded the use of torpedos. The US aircraft attempted to reduce their losses from the large number of anti-aircraft guns in the area by the use of variable time-fused bombs.
The British Pacific Fleet's attacks against Osaka and targets in the Inland Sea damaged escort carrier "Kaiyo" and sank the escort ships "No. 4" and "No. 30" for the loss of four aircraft. 
US strikes against Kure resumed on 28 July and resulted in the further damaging of the battleships "Ise" and "Haruna", and the heavy cruiser "Aoba". The aircraft carrier "Katsuragi" which had largely escaped attack in the earlier raid, and the unserviceable light aircraft carrier "Ryūhō" were attacked, with "Katsuragi" suffering heavy damage. These air strikes were among the largest conducted by the US Navy during the war, and were the most destructive of shipping. 
The USAAF also launched an attack of the Japanese ships at Kure on 28 July. This raid was made up of 79 B-24 Liberators based on Okinawa. Four bomb hits were made upon the beached cruiser "Aoba". The bomb strikes further damaged the vessel, and caused her stern to be broken off. The raid suffered the loss of two B-24s shot down and 14 others suffered damage. 
Allied losses included 102 aircrew and 133 planes lost in combat or accidents during the attacks. These losses were higher than those suffered by the Third Fleet in most of its operations, and were the result of the heavy anti-aircraft defences around Kure.
Aftermath.
The Allied attacks on Kure and the inland sea left the "Nagato" at Yokosuka as the only remaining capital ship in Japan's inventory. The destruction of her battleships and heavy cruisers at Kure was seen by British official historian Stephen Roskill as avenging the losses suffered by the United States at Pearl Harbor. The attacks allowed the Soviet Pacific Fleet to operate without fear of interdiction in the Sea of Japan.

</doc>
<doc id="18685793" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18685793" title="Bavarian Film Awards (Special Prize)">
Bavarian Film Awards (Special Prize)

This is a list of the winners of the Bavarian Film Awards Special Award.
1986 Willy Bogner
1988 Vicco von Bülow
1990 Dieter Geißler and all of his German Coworkers
1991 Heinz Badewitz
1996 Wolfgang Panzer
1997 Ben Becker, Heino Ferch, Ulrich Noethen, Heinrich Schafmeister, Heinrich Schafmeister, Max Tidof, Kai Wiesinger
2001 Michael "Bully" Herbig
2005 Christian Wagner
2006 Joseph Vilsmaier & Dana Vávrová
2007 Veit Helmer

</doc>
<doc id="18685797" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18685797" title="Thomas L. Hayes">
Thomas L. Hayes

Thomas L. Hayes (May 30, 1926 – May 6, 1987) was the 69th Lieutenant Governor of Vermont and a Vermont Supreme Court Justice. He was appointed to the Supreme Court in 1985 by then-Governor Madeleine M. Kunin.
Biography.
Thomas Lawlor Hayes was born in Fair Haven, Vermont on May 30, 1926. He served in the Army from 1944 to 1946 as an Infantry and Signal Noncommissioned officer in the Pacific Theater.
He graduated from the University of Vermont in 1950 and joined the staff of Senator Winston Prouty, remaining with him for 15 years and advancing to Administrative Assistant. He received a law degree from Georgetown University in 1955. 
In 1966 Hayes ran unsuccessfully for Governor. He was the successful Republican nominee for Lieutenant Governor in 1968 and served one term, 1969 to 1971. Active in opposition to the Vietnam War, he made national headlines in 1970 when he ordered Vermont flags lowered to half staff after the killing of four students at Kent State University by National Guard troops. In response Governor Deane Davis returned to Vermont from a conference and countermanded Hayes's directive.
Hayes ran unsuccessfully against Davis for Governor in the 1970 Republican primary. He later served as Legal Counsel to Governor Thomas Salmon and was appointed a Judge of the Superior Court.
In 1985 Hayes was appointed a Justice of the Vermont Supreme Court, a position he served in until his death.
He was a champion of the state's constitution, and wrote a precedent-setting decision on the powers in that document. At the time of his death he faced Judicial Conduct Board charges for alleged misconduct along with fellow justices William C. Hill and Ernest W. Gibson III. [http://query.nytimes.com/gst/fullpage.html?res=9B0DE4D7173BF935A35756C0A961948260&scp=4&sq=thomas%20hayes&st=cse]
He was married to Jenny Hayes. They had three children.

</doc>
<doc id="18685798" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18685798" title="Old Kazeruni dialect">
Old Kazeruni dialect

The Old Kazeruni dialect (, UniPers: Kâzeruniye qadim) is an extinct Southwestern Iranian language spoken in the city of Kazerun in Southern Iran.

</doc>
<doc id="18685824" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18685824" title="Violet Meme (Murasaki no Jyouhoudentatsu Chi)">
Violet Meme (Murasaki no Jyouhoudentatsu Chi)

Violet Meme -Murasaki no Jyouhoudentatsu Chi-("Violet Meme" －紫の情報伝達値－), also known as Quantum Mechanics Rainbow I: Violet Meme, is the sixth (fifth of entirely new music) solo album by artist Daisuke Asakura. It is the first in a series of seven albums released by Asakura in 2004, called Quantum Mechanics Rainbow. Each album revolves around a different color of the rainbow and a different term relating to Quantum Mechanics. This album revolves around the color violet.
One piece of information worth noting concerning this album is track 7, 'Mona Lisa Overdrive' as its title could possibly be a reference to the cyberpunk novel by William Gibson of the same name. 

</doc>
<doc id="18685825" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18685825" title="Mari Amachi">
Mari Amachi


</doc>
<doc id="18685878" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18685878" title="Eupatorium rotundifolium">
Eupatorium rotundifolium

Eupatorium rotundifolium, commonly called Roundleaf thoroughwort, is a herbaceous perennial plant in Asteraceae native to the eastern states of the United States in an area from New Jersey to Oklahoma south to Texas to Florida. The stems grow from 40 to over 100 cm tall and are produced from short rhizomes. The inflorescences are composed of a large number of white flower heads with disc florets and no ray florets. Plants can be highly variable due to hybridization, three varieties have been named also.
Hybrids and related species.
As is common in "Eupatorium", "E. rotundifolium" can form hybrids with other species in the genus. In particular, "Eupatorium godfreyanum" is a hybrid of "E. rotundifolium" and "Eupatorium sessilifolium".
The plants known as "Eupatorium rotundifolium" var. "saundersii" have often been treated as a variety of "E. rotundifolium". They can be distinguished based on morphology, and molecular evidence also suggests that these plants may be different enough from "E. rotundifolium" to recognize them as a species, "Eupatorium pilosum".
Chemical constituents.
"E. rotundifolium" contains sesquiterpene lactones of the guaianolide type including euparotin acetate and eupachlorin acetate, both of which inhibit tumor growth "in vitro" when isolated from the plant.

</doc>
<doc id="18685882" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18685882" title="Inia Te Wiata">
Inia Te Wiata

Inia Morehu Tauhia Watene Iarahi Waihurihia Te Wiata (10 June 191526 June 1971) was a New Zealand Māori bass-baritone opera singer, film actor, carver and artist.
Early life.
Inia Te Wiata was born in Otaki, New Zealand, into the Ngāti Raukawa ki te Tonga iwi. His father, Watene Te Wiata, died in the 1918 influenza epidemic. His mother Constance Helena Johnson remarried soon afterwards and Inia was brought up by Pairoroku and Rakate Rikihana, relatives of his father. He developed an interest in singing and first performed on stage at the age of 7. He attended the Otaki state school and was taught music by Miss Edith Miller. After primary school he attended Otaki Māori College. At the age of 13 his voice broke and settled into a bass-baritone. Afterwards he joined his cousin's quartet, which included Wi Nicholls, Henry Tahiwi and Dan Rikihana. Other family members encouraged Te Wiata in his singing - particularly Mrs Mihi Taylor, a member of the Rikihana family. She taught both Te Wiata and his cousin to sing duets.
Te Wiata moved to Turangawaewae at Ngaruawahia in the Waikato to pursue an interest in Māori carving. He was taught by Piri Poutapu and was employed for three years assisting with the carving of "Turongo", the house of the Māori King, which opened in 1936. During his time in Ngaruawahia he married Rose Evelyn Friar known as Ivy. They had 6 children Iwikau, Kirikowhai, Hinemoan', Gloria, Budgie (who died as a toddler) and Inia jnr. He also did seasonal labouring work at the Horotiu Freezing works, near Hamilton. He continued his public singing during this time and was a very active member of the Waiata Māori Choir. This choir was organised by the Superintendent of the Methodist Māori Mission, Reverend A. J. Seamer, and it toured all over New Zealand. Te Wiata's work on "Turongo" prevented him from joining the Choir when they toured Great Britain.
Te Wiata began to develop a circle of supporters who wished to help him further his singing education. Mr Grant of Hamilton, Mr H. D. Caro - the then Mayor of Hamilton, Dame Hilda Ross, Sir Joseph Hannan, Stewart Garland and the conductor Anderson Tyrer were all impressed by his talent. A favourable professional opinion of Te Wiata's voice was acquired from Australian singer Peter Dawson, and Anderson Tyrer was put in charge of arranging Te Wiata's study overseas. Fundraising began and a government grant was added to this and, in 1947 Te Wiata left for London for three years study at the Trinity College of Music.
Formal musical training and career.
Te Wiata worked hard at his craft. In addition to his studies at Trinity College he also took private lessons from James Kennedy Scott and language lessons at the Berlitz School of Languages. In order to gain more experience with opera he joined the opera company run by the great English soprano Joan Cross and had a resounding success with his portrayal of Sarastro from Mozart's "The Magic Flute". As the end of the three year study grant was approaching, the Prime Minister of New Zealand, Peter Fraser, visited England and Te Wiata took the opportunity to apply for a grant for a fourth year. This was successful.
Nearing the end of his grant, Te Wiata decided to audition for the Covent Garden Opera Company. He was successful in his audition and was told to turn up for rehearsal the next day. He was launched into his first role in the Opera Company as the Speaker in "The Magic Flute". He went from strength to strength, taking parts in operas "The Marriage of Figaro", "La bohème", "Billy Budd" and "Gloriana" - the parts for the last two being specially written for him by Benjamin Britten.
As his reputation grew, Te Wiata was also approached to perform in television and film productions. He appeared in a number of films including "Man of the Moment" (1955) and "In Search of the Castaways" (1962); and also took the lead in the film "The Seekers" (1954). He took part in a number of television series. He did not restrict himself to singing in pure opera but also starred in musicals including "The Most Happy Fella".
In 1959 he married Beryl McMillan, also a singer and actor, and they had one daughter Rima Te Wiata born in 1965. Beryl gave up acting after her marriage, to concentrate on managing Te Wiata's career. 
While Te Wiata returned to New Zealand periodically, he did not settle there but continued with his singing career in the United Kingdom, living in London and creating a life there with his wife and child. Te Wiata was a popular man and had a large circle of friends and acquaintances including the comedian Spike Milligan. Te Wiata remained extremely fond of New Zealand and talked of returning there on his retirement. He maintained close links with New Zealand House in London, attending and singing at the opening of the House in 1963 and also working in the basement of New Zealand House on carving projects. He carved a fine waka huia for Sir Thomas Macdonald, New Zealand's High Commissioner, to present to the Worshipful Company of Butchers on Macdonald's departure from London. Te Wiata also had a long-term project carving five very large totara logs. He continued working on this project in between his professional obligations but was unable to complete the work "Pouihi" before his death from cancer in 1971.
Te Wiata's funeral was held at Otaki Pa, New Zealand and the event was photographed by the New Zealand photographer, Ans Westra.
Te Wiata's archive of papers is held by the National Library of New Zealand.
In November 2007, a commemorative CD / DVD was published containing previously unreleased recordings as well as a documentary film of his carving and an interview of Spike Milligan.

</doc>
<doc id="18685922" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18685922" title="Erstad">
Erstad

Erstad is a surname, and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18685923" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18685923" title="David Berkowitz (bridge)">
David Berkowitz (bridge)

David L. (Dave) Berkowitz (born November 23, 1949) is an American professional bridge player.
In 1998, he came as close as it is possible to come to a world championship without winning it. In the World Open Pairs, he and Larry Cohen led throughout the five-session final, only to be overtaken on the last two boards. He also earned a bronze medal at the 2000 World Team Olympiad in Maastricht, The Netherlands. He was elected to the American Contract Bridge League Hall of Fame in 2010.
Berkowitz whose wife, Lisa, is a former women's world champion, often comments, "I am not even the best player in my own house." They reside in Boca Raton, Florida. Their daughter Dana also plays bridge as well.

</doc>
<doc id="18685959" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18685959" title="The Jesuits in North America in the Seventeenth Century">
The Jesuits in North America in the Seventeenth Century

The Jesuits in North America in the Seventeenth Century (ISBN 0-8032-8746-1) is the second volume in Francis Parkman's seven-volume history, "France and England in North America", originally published in 1867. It tells the story of the French Jesuit missionaries in Canada, then New France, starting from their arrival in 1632.
The book was re-published in 1912 by Little, Brown and Company, Boston. The Little, Brown edition was reprinted by Bison Books, Lincoln, Nebraska in 1997 with a new introduction by Conrad Heidenriech and José António Brandão.

</doc>
<doc id="18685969" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18685969" title="Ruxandra Donose">
Ruxandra Donose

Ruxandra Donose (born in Bucharest) is a Romanian operatic mezzo-soprano.
Donose studied singing and piano at the Conservatorul Ciprian Porumbescu in Bucharest.
She won in 1990 the second prize at the ARD contest in Munich. After this, she had her first engagement abroad, in Basel. In 1992 she became a member of the Vienna State Opera. From there, she developed a fast-paced international career, as an opera singer (Covent Garden, Opéra Bastille, Metropolitan Opera, Salzburg Festival etc.) and also as an interpreter for Lied and oratorio.
Donose is considered a distinguished bel canto singer, but also one of the leading interpreters of the French and the Mozartian mezzo-soprano repertoire. Her voice is marked by a dark, warm tone, extreme mobility and light, shining heights.
About her live recording with Rossini's "La Cenerentola", in the title role, at Glyndebourne festival 2005, Barry Brenesal notes:
"However, I will single out only Ruxandra Donose for praise. Hers is a dusky mezzo, even in coloration, volume, and support across the registers. The voice is able to handle exacting coloratura without any aspiration or evidence of strain. Her forthright, focused attack in her final aria (""Non più mesta"") brought memories of Marilyn Horne in the 1970s; and like Horne, Donose builds her part from the text, not by working around it." (from "Fanfare Magazine")
Donose lives with her husband and two children in Vienna.
She is currently working on her doctorate thesis.

</doc>
<doc id="18685991" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18685991" title="Solomon Bayoh">
Solomon Bayoh

Solomon Bayoh (born 18 May 1990) is a Sierra Leonean sprinter. He has personal best times of 10.81 seconds in the 100 metres and 21.73 seconds in the 200 metres, both achieved in April 2007 in Freetown.
Bayoh represented Sierra Leone at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing. He competed at the 200 metres and placed eighth in his first round heat in a time of 22.16 seconds, which was not enough to advance to the second round. He was one of three competitors at the Olympics competing for Sierra Leone. Michaela Kargbo and Saidu Kargbo were the others.

</doc>
<doc id="18686005" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18686005" title="Ktrace">
Ktrace

ktrace is a utility included with certain versions of BSD Unix and Mac OS X that traces kernel interaction with a program and dumps it to disk for debugging and analysis. It is somewhat similar to Linux's strace, except much faster - with strace, every system call executed by the program being traced requires context switch to the tracing program and back, while with ktrace, tracing is actually performed by the kernel, so no additional context switches are required.
Log files generated by ktrace are viewable in human-readable form using kdump
Since Mac OS X 10.5 Leopard, ktrace has been replaced by dtrace.

</doc>
<doc id="18686023" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18686023" title="Bavarian Film Awards (Best Editing)">
Bavarian Film Awards (Best Editing)

This is a list of the winners of the Bavarian Film Awards Prize for Best Editing.
1989 Peter Przygodda
1992 Hannes Nikel

</doc>
<doc id="18686032" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18686032" title="Baluwatar, Kathmandu">
Baluwatar, Kathmandu

Baluwatar is a ward (4 and 5) in the north-east of Kathmandu, Nepal.
Baluwatar is mainly an upscale residential area with schools, shopping complex and small street shops, but also the prime minister's official residence, some government offices, Nepal Rastra Bank, the Russian Embassy and the office of Volunteer Service and Support Nepal (VSSN) are located here.
A Nepal Army's Para Special Forces Battalion(Bhairab Dal) and Air Wing,TU Teaching Hospital, Nepal Police Headquarters and the home of the former King Gyanendra and the current Presidential Palace are in the vicinity.There are some schools such as Meridian International School, shiva puri secondary school and many others.

</doc>
<doc id="18686059" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18686059" title="Chibougamau/Lac Caché Water Aerodrome">
Chibougamau/Lac Caché Water Aerodrome

Chibougamau/Lac Caché Water Aerodrome is located on Lac Caché, south southwest of Chibougamau, Quebec, Canada. The aerodrome is owned and operated by Air Saguenay who also run Lac Sébastien Water Aerodrome, Chutes-des-Passes/Lac Margane Water Aerodrome and Lac Pau (Caniapiscau) Water Aerodrome.

</doc>
<doc id="18686062" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18686062" title="Doctor's Lake East Water Aerodrome">
Doctor's Lake East Water Aerodrome

Doctor's Lake East Water Aerodrome is located on Doctor's Lake, northwest of Nova Scotia Trunk 1 and north-northeast of Lake Milo in Yarmouth County, Nova Scotia, Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="18686068" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18686068" title="Doctor's Lake West Water Aerodrome">
Doctor's Lake West Water Aerodrome

Doctor's Lake West Water Aerodrome is located on Doctor's Lake, northwest of Nova Scotia Trunk 1 and north-northeast of Lake Milo and Yarmouth, Nova Scotia, Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="18686071" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18686071" title="Huntsville (North) Water Aerodrome">
Huntsville (North) Water Aerodrome

Huntsville (North) Water Aerodrome is located on Lake Vernon, west of Huntsville, Ontario, Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="18686074" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18686074" title="Lake Muskoka South Water Aerodrome">
Lake Muskoka South Water Aerodrome

Lake Muskoka South Water Aerodrome is located on Lake Muskoka, Ontario, Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="18686077" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18686077" title="Val-d'Or (Huard) Water Aerodrome">
Val-d'Or (Huard) Water Aerodrome

Val-d'Or (Huard) Water Aerodrome is located on the Thompson River, southwest of Val-d'Or, Quebec, Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="18686083" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18686083" title="Unorganized South East Algoma District">
Unorganized South East Algoma District

Algoma, Unorganized, South East Part is an unorganized area in the Canadian province of Ontario, comprising a small unincorporated portion in the southeasternmost corner of the Algoma District. It comprises a small strip of land which lies between the territory of the Sagamok First Nation and the Algoma District's boundary with the Sudbury District, as well as several small islands within the North Channel of Lake Huron, such as Eagle, Fréchette, Fox, Hotham, Middleton, North and South Benjamin Islands.
The division comprises (increased from 41.71 km² in the 2001 census), and had a reported population of zero in the Canada 2006 Census.
The division includes the historic Fort La Cloche trading post and a small portion of La Cloche Provincial Park.
Demographics.
Population trend:

</doc>
<doc id="18686102" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18686102" title="Eupatorium semiserratum">
Eupatorium semiserratum

Eupatorium semiserratum, commonly called Smallflower thoroughwort, is a herbaceous perennial plant in Asteraceae native to the Southeastern states of the United States from Florida to South Carolina east to Missouri. The stems grow from 40 to over 100 cm tall and are produced from short rhizomes. The inflorescences are composed of a large number of white flowers with disc florets and no ray florets. This species is similar to "Eupatorium linearifolium" but has smaller heads of flowers and stems which branch near the tips rather than near the base. The plants previously known as "Eupatorium glaucescens" or "Eupatorium cuneifolium" are now classified as "E. semiserratum" or "E. linearifolium".
Another related species is "Eupatorium lancifolium", which is found in Alabama, Arkansas, Louisiana, and Texas, and which has sometimes been classified as part of "E. semiserratum".

</doc>
<doc id="18686105" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18686105" title="Judy Millar">
Judy Millar

Judy Millar (born Penelope Millar 1957) is a New Zealand artist, who lives in Auckland and Berlin, Germany.
Education.
Judy Millar received a BFA in 1980 and an MFA from Auckland University's Elam School of Fine Arts in 1983. As recipient of a Scholarship from the Italian Government in 1990, she spent a year in Turin, Italy, where she studied Italian arts of the 1960s and 1970s.
Exhibitions.
Millar has participated in numerous group exhibitions in both New Zealand and Europe and found critical acclaim in the international press. Her painterly style was described as "energetic and overwhelmig", and Andrea Hilgenstock calls her paintings "spectacular".
Further references can be found in recent publications on New Zealand art.
Her works can be found in the collections of the Kunstmuseum St. Gallen, Dunedin Public Art Gallery the Auckland Art Gallery, Te Papa, Museum of New Zealand, Christchurch Art Gallery, and numerous private collections throughout Europe.
She represented New Zealand at the 53rd Venice Biennial in 2009.
In 2011 she is again part of the Venice Biennale in the Collateral Event Personal Structures in Palazzo Bembo.
Current.
Millar is represented by Gow Langsford Gallery in Auckland, Gallery Mark Müller in Zurich, Hamish Morrison Gallery in Berlin, and Sullivan Strumpf, Sydney.

</doc>
<doc id="18686106" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18686106" title="The Most of Animals">
The Most of Animals

The Most of Animals or "The Most of The Animals" is the title of a number of different compilation albums by Newcastle upon Tyne blues rock group The Animals. Although tracklisting varies, all feature only songs from 1964 and 1965. The title is derived from the name of their then producer Mickie Most (see also "The Most of Herman's Hermits").
The first album was released in 1966 by Columbia (SX 6035). Most of the material had not featured on either of their previous two UK LPs. The album charted at #4 - their highest position so far on the UK album chart (both previous LPs having peaked at #6). It was their final album for EMI-owned Columbia before moving to Decca.
The album was issued on EMI's budget Music for Pleasure label in 1971 (MFP 5218) with a different tracklisting. This version also charted, reaching #17. This is the version of the album that has spent the longest in print, being available on LP and cassette throughought the 1970s and 1980s and is still available in extended form on CD. It is also the basis for the 1997 release "The Best of The Animals (1997 album)".
Another version was released in 1993 in Australia.
1966 Track listing.
Released by Columbia (EMI) in 1966.
1971 Track listing.
Released by Music for Pleasure (EMI) in 1971.
1993 Track listing.
Released by EMI Music Australia in 1993.

</doc>
<doc id="18686111" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18686111" title="Blockbuster (book)">
Blockbuster (book)

Blockbuster: How Hollywood Learned to Stop Worrying and Love the Summer is a 2004 non-fiction book by British film critic Tom Shone published by Simon & Schuster UK Ltd, ISBN 0-7432-6838-5.
Based on interviews with leading Hollywood filmmakers, actors and production staff it examines the revolution in Hollywood movies brought about by "Jaws, Star Wars, Alien" and other summer blockbusters and how they became a global phenomenon.
The tone and approach of the book is not one of film criticism as such but rather an analysis of how the blockbuster era came into being, and the processes which drove the producers, directors and film executives concerned from 1975 to 2004. It sets itself firmly on the side of the audience and values entertainment and thrills rather than high culture, and does not shy away from equating creative success with commercial success.
In the book Shone considers that George Lucas and Steven Spielberg's reinvention of blockbusters as fast-paced entertainment reinvigorated the American film industry and deserves greater artistic and critical recognition. These two filmmakers are the most prominent of the many interviewed for the book and receive the most coverage. Director James Cameron is also featured extensively but was not directly interviewed.
By the 1990s, however, Shone admits that Hollywood blockbusters were out of control and there was doubt as to whether the major studios were in the film business any more.
The book concludes that blockbusters were rescued as a popular and credible film type by 2004, when "" became the first blockbuster to receive not only massive worldwide box office receipts but a clean sweep at the Oscars.

</doc>
<doc id="18686130" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18686130" title="Zoe Crosher">
Zoe Crosher

Zoe Crosher is an American artist and enthusiast. She is a graduate of California Institute of the Arts and the recipient of the Los Angeles County Museum of Art AHAN Award (Art Here and Now). She served as Associate Editor of Afterall Magazine.
Biography.
Crosher completed her MFA at the California Institute of the Arts in the Photography and Integrated Media Programs in 2001. After editing NTNTNT (2004), a collaborative project investigating the short-lived history of net.art, she recently completed work as the U.S. Editorial Assistant for Afterall, A Journal of Art Context & Inquiry and is now working in an advisory capacity for Fillip out of Vancouver, Canada. She is a 2007 recipient of the Materials & Applications residency in Los Angeles, CA. In 2006, she was the recipient of the Penny McCall Foundation Publishing Award (New York, NY) and the Pillowfight Grant (Seattle, WA).
The daughter of a diplomat and airline stewardess, she lives in Los Angeles.
Works.
'The Reconsidered Archive of Michelle Dubois' is a limited edition four volume set of books published by Aperture that offers Crosher's re-interpretation of Michelle Dubois archive of self-portraits. Each book consists of formal portraits to intimate photoshoots of Dubois in endless poses that range from provocative to tourist snap shots in every format of film and size.
The final iteration of Crosher's duBois series was exhibited at the Perry Rubenstein Gallery ** [http://www.perryrubenstein.com/artist/zoe-crosher/] in September 2012

</doc>
<doc id="18686139" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18686139" title="Bavarian Film Awards (Young People's Film)">
Bavarian Film Awards (Young People's Film)

This is a list of the winners of the Bavarian Film Awards Prize for Best Young Peoples film.
1995 Ulrich Limmer, Dr. Uwe Timm
1997 Hans-Peter Clahsen
1998 Caroline Link
2001 Ben Verbong
2003 Ulrich Limmer
2006 Gregor Schnitzler
2007 Detlev Buck

</doc>
<doc id="18686149" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18686149" title="Oakwood Friends School">
Oakwood Friends School

Oakwood Friends School is a college preparatory school located in Poughkeepsie, New York. Founded in 1796, it was the first college preparatory school in the state of New York.

</doc>
<doc id="18686152" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18686152" title="Century Mall">
Century Mall

Century Mall was an indoor shopping mall located on the southeast corner of Broadway (Indiana 53) and US 30 in Merrillville, Indiana. The mall opened in 1979 with anchor stores Goldblatt's and Montgomery Ward. Competitive and economic factors sent the mall into steady decline and national retail chains left throughout the 1990s until the mall was ultimately sold for redevelopment in 2001 then closed and largely demolished in 2002. The mall's interior stores also suffered following Montgomery Ward's remodeling. Montgomery Ward removed their mall entrance and told customers that no stores remained, when in reality close to a dozen stores were still open. A strip mall development named Century Plaza now occupies the land and some of the former anchor store buildings.
History.
The mall was originally proposed in 1977 as Broadway Mall. It was to have featured 90 stores on two levels, but plans were reduced to just a one-level mall. Original anchors were Montgomery Ward () and Goldblatt's.
Between its 1979 opening and 1982, it was only 70 percent leased. Simon Property Group bought the mall in August 1982, a day before Goldblatt's filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy and closed its store there. Simon then split the Goldblatt building among Burlington Coat Factory, Service Merchandise, and other stores. The company also converted the mall to an off-price and discount-oriented concept, similar to what it had done at Eastgate Mall in Indianapolis, Indiana and Arborland Center in Ann Arbor, Michigan.
A small food court was located near the south side of the mall, located near the long corridor leading to Service Merchandise and Burlington Coat Factory. The food court contained many small local restaurants, but also included a Schoop's Hamburgers and a Subway. The mall at one time housed R-Way, a drug store located on the north side, just outside of Montgomery Ward. Outlot buildings include (or included at one time) White Castle, Shakey's Pizza, Checkers Drive-in and a Shell gas station.
In 1990, in cooperation with the Northwest Indiana Walkers, Century Mall opened the interior of the mall to accommodate mall walkers.
Despite the initial success of the off-price format, the mall continued its economic decline. Service Merchandise relocated in 1995 to a new store roughly half a mile away at the Crossings at Hobart shopping center. Burlington Coat Factory then expanded into the former Service Merchandise space. The Montgomery Ward anchor store closed in March 2001 when the entire chain filed for bankruptcy. Century Mall and the surrounding land were purchased by Tri-Land Properties in February 2001 with the intent to convert the space to a power center.
Century Plaza.
Under mall's new ownership, all of the then-current tenants relocated with the exception of Burlington Coat Factory. The central enclosed portion of the mall was demolished leaving only the Burlington Coat Factory and former Montgomery Wards stores standing. In June 2002, the shopping center was renamed Century Plaza to reflect the new configuration of the retail space. Developed as a strip mall with a series of big box retailers, Century Plaza now includes a small variety of national chain shops and eateries, with Old Time Pottery in the former Montgomery Ward. In March 2008, a Staples office supply store opened. In 2013, Burlington Coat Factory moved to the nearby Merrillville Crossings and was replaced by Halloween City.

</doc>
<doc id="18686162" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18686162" title="Irgiz River (Kazakhstan)">
Irgiz River (Kazakhstan)

Irgiz () is a 593 km-long river in Aktobe and Kostanay provinces of Kazakhstan, right tributary of Turgai River.

</doc>
<doc id="18686165" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18686165" title="Linwood Elementary School (Georgia)">
Linwood Elementary School (Georgia)

Linwood Elementary is an elementary school located in Warner Robins, Georgia, at 1050 Education Way.
Its current principal is Hilda Gillis. In 2006, it was recently the Clean Campus Award

</doc>
<doc id="18686174" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18686174" title="Kellys Plains, New South Wales">
Kellys Plains, New South Wales

Kellys Plains is a small rural locality situated about 8 kilometres west south west of Armidale, New South Wales. The settlement is at an altitude of about 1,044 metres on the Northern Tablelands in the New England region of New South Wales, Australia.
History.
Kellys Plains was named after an early settler in the area. 
The Kellys Plains Public School is a small school that was established in 1863. The school students are now divided into two classes: kindergarten to year 2, and year 3 to year 6.
On 3 February 1883 the Kellys Plains railway station opened and was closed on 20 February 1975. Kellys Plains Post Office opened on 1 April 1884 and closed in 1945.
St John's Anglican Church original timber building was built in 1896 at Kellys Plains and consecrated in 1897. In 1923 it was replaced by the present brick building. Several members of the Perrott family were buried in the churchyard prior to the construction of the 1923 church and their headstones are the only surviving ones. 
The Kellys Plains-Dangarsleigh Country Women's Association meets once a month in the CWA Rooms, Dangarsleigh Road.
Current population of the area is negligible and would be included with that of Dangarsleigh which is about 4 km away. There many small properties and lifestyle blocks in the area with their occupants commuting to nearby towns for work.

</doc>
<doc id="18686177" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18686177" title="Yrgyz">
Yrgyz

Yrgyz (Irgiz) is a selo in Aktobe Province, Kazakhstan. It is located by the Irgiz River. Yrgyz serves as the administrative center of Yrgyz District. Population: 

</doc>
<doc id="18686180" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18686180" title="Scaife">
Scaife

Scaife is an Old Norse patronymic surname meaning "boat-born". This first recorded instance of this surname was in the Old English epic Beowulf. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="18686181" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18686181" title="Denis Brott">
Denis Brott

Denis Brott (born December 9, 1950) is a Canadian cellist, music teacher, and Founder & Artistic Director of the award winning Montreal Chamber Music Festival.
He was born in Montreal, and he is the son of the violinist and composer Alexander Brott and cellist Lotte Brott.
Early years.
Denis Brott was born in Montreal into a family of professional musicians.
Musical career.
International attention came to Mr. Brott in 1973 when he won 2nd Prize in the Munich International Cello Competition. His concert tours have taken him to four continents and numerous festivals including Marlboro, Sitka, Santa Barbara, Banff, Festival of the Sound, where he was Artistic Director in 1991, and Toronto. He is a sought after member of international juries including the Evian International String Quartet Competition (1993), the CBC Radio National Competition for Young Performers (1997), the Munich International ARD Cello Competition (1998), and the Munich International ARD String Quartet Competition (1996, 2008).
Chamber music being his calling, Denis Brott spent eight years in the Orford String Quartet during which time he recorded 25 chamber music discs. Especially acclaimed were the recordings of the complete string quartets of Beethoven, which won the Grand Prix du Disque Award (1988) and two Juno Awards (1985, 1987) for Best Chamber Ensemble Classical Recording. In 1986 the Orford String Quartet was named Ensemble of the Year by the Canadian Music Council. Denis has appeared as guest with numerous ensembles including the Emerson, Tokyo and St. Lawrence String Quartets.
His many solo recordings include the three Brahms Sonatas for cello and piano and Homage to Piatigorsky, perhaps his best known recording. It received this accolade from Yo-Yo Ma: "His playing throughout is exemplary, full of the rich sound and technical wizardry the master exemplified. I think Piatigorsky would be proud."
Recognized for his excellence and contribution to culture, Denis Brott was honoured to receive the Great Montrealer Award for Culture. The Board of Trade of Metropolitan Montreal selected Denis as one of four Great Montrealers in 2004 who have marked the history of Montreal and have distinguished themselves in each of the following sectors: economic, cultural, social and scientific.
Teaching career.
Denis Brott has been a dedicated and passionate educator in the field of music for most of his life. He has been Professor of Cello and Chamber Music at the North Carolina School of the Arts (1975–1977), the Interlochen Arts Academy in Michigan (1978–1980), the University of Toronto Faculty of Music (1980–1989), and the Music Academy of the West in Santa Barbara, California (1992–2001). He held the cello chair at the Musicorda Chamber Music Institute and Festival (2005). A recent project involves bringing music classes to Montreal area high schools, mixing classical music with rap and break dancing. Mr. Brott is currently Professor of Cello and Chamber Music at the Conservatoire de musique du Québec à Montréal (1989).
Instrument Bank.
In 1985, Denis Brott played a pivotal role in the creation of the Canada Council for the Arts Musical Instrument Bank which collects fine, rare string instruments to lend to Canadian musicians. In recognition of his efforts, the Instrument Bank gave him a magnificent 1706 David Tecchler cello for his lifetime use.
Montreal Chamber Music Festival.
In 1990, Denis Brott moved back to his birthplace, Montreal. Denis wanted to pursue the concept of having classical music more accessible to the public, along the lines of an international chamber music festival. He approached then mayor of Montreal, Pierre Bourque, and got a very favourable reaction to the idea. It was decided to hold the festival at "The Chalet" situated atop Mont Royal. In the center of the city of Montreal there are remnants of an ancient extinct volcano. Half of this was made into a park in 1876. Frederick Law Olmsted who designed Central Park in New York City was commissioned to landscape the new park. In 1995, the first Montreal Chamber Music Festival was held at "The Chalet".
Mr. Brott has been the Festival's Artistic Director and its driving force since its inception. The mandate of the Festival is to organize an annual internationally acclaimed chamber music festival which would be held in historic locations, present internationally renowned chamber music artists and chamber music ensembles, promote the discovery of young and aspiring chamber music artists, allow promising young chamber music artists to interact with established musicians and to acquire experience essential to the development of their careers, promote exchanges between internationally renowned Canadian and foreign chamber music artists and enhance the stature of Montreal as a center for the promotion of cultural and artistic activities.
In 2006, the Festival spearheaded an exciting rejuvenation project in the heart of Montreal, known as the "Quartier des festivals". At that time, the Festival moved to the historic St. James United Church. With hand designed panels, the church is now an acoustically outstanding venue.

</doc>
<doc id="18686198" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18686198" title="Harry Saunders">
Harry Saunders

Henry George 'Harry' Saunders (21 May 1898 - 1930) was an Australian rules footballer who played for Collingwood in the VFL during the 1910s and 1920s.
Saunders was recruited locally to Collingwood and went on to play 11 seasons with the club as a defender, mostly at full-back. He was a member of Collingwood premiership teams in 1917 and 1919 as well as playing in three losing Grand Finals. Saunders also represented the VFL at interstate football on three occasions.
He met with controversy in 1922 following a game where he had pole axed Carlton's Alex Duncan. Suspended for the next six games, Saunder was also penalised by the police who fined him £5.
After playing the opening two rounds of the 1926 season, Saunders crossed to Footscray and although he didn't take the field for his new club he coached them in 10 games that year for three wins.
Saunders died in 1930 from pancreatitis, aged 32.

</doc>
<doc id="18686206" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18686206" title="Basil Twist">
Basil Twist

Basil Twist is a New York City-based puppeteer who is best known for his underwater puppet show, ""Symphonie Fantastique"".
Life and work.
Originally from San Francisco, Basil Twist is a third generation puppeteer. He graduated from the École Supérieure Nationale des Arts de la Marionnette in Charleville-Mézières, France. He is founder and director of the Dream Music Puppetry Program at Here Arts Center in NYC, which supports and produces new puppet artists.
Twist has significantly contributed to the art of puppetry since 1998. He creates puppet works focused on their integration with music. His ""Symphonie Fantastique"", is performed to the symphony of the same name. Twist's version of "Master Peter's Puppet Show" was created with the Eos Orchestra and later performed with the Los Angeles Philharmonic Orchestra. Twist's "Dogugaeshi" features original shamisen compositions created and performed live by master musician Yumiko Tanaka. He also directed and designed Humperdinck's opera, "Hansel and Gretel", for the Houston Grand Opera and the Atlanta Opera. In 2010, Twist created the puppetry for the Broadway productions of "The Pee-wee Herman Show" and "The Addams Family".
Twist is known for his original adult puppet mediums and use of abstraction in puppetry. ""Symphonie Fantastique"" takes place in a tank of water. In "Red Beads", his collaboration with Lee Breuer and Mabou Mines, he created wind puppetry. In "Dogugaeshi" he uses the Japanese art form of sliding screens.
Other works include La Bella Dormente nel Bosco, Petrushka, Hansel and Gretel, Master Peter's Puppet Show, the Araneidae Show, Behind the Lid, and Arias with a Twist, among others. He has collaborated with such artists as Joey Arias, Lee Breuer, Pilobolus, Paula Vogel and Joe Goode.
He is considered an important theater artist by critics of the "New York Times", "The New Yorker", et al. He has received national and regional recognition through numerous awards, including an Obie Award and a Guggenheim fellowship, and his work has been presented internationally.
Coincidentally, he is third cousins with Mark Murphy, who is the Executive Director of REDCAT, a contemporary theater in Downtown Los Angeles. 

</doc>
<doc id="18686215" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18686215" title="Duct ectasia of breast">
Duct ectasia of breast

Duct ectasia of the breast or (mammary duct ectasia) or (Plasma cell mastitis) is a condition in which the lactiferous duct becomes blocked or clogged.
Mammary duct ectasia can mimic breast cancer. It is a disorder of peri- or post-menopausal age. 
"Duct ectasia syndrome" is a synonym for nonpuerperal mastitis but the term has also been occasionally used to describe special cases of fibrocystic diseases, mastalgia or as a wastebasket definition of benign breast disease.
Correlation of duct widening with the "classical" symptoms of duct ectasia syndrome is unclear. However, duct widening was recently very strongly correlated with noncyclic breast pain.
Duct diameter is naturally variable, subject to hormonal interactions. Duct ectasia syndrome in the classical meaning is associated with additional histological changes.
Terminology.
The term has several meanings on histological and symptomatic levels and on both levels "usage" overlaps with mastalgia, fibrocystic disease and specific sub- or superclasses of nonpuerperal mastitis. While this is not ideal for a definition it results from actual usage in international literature. Because research literature regarding duct ectasia is anything but abundant it is probably easiest to determine the exact meaning(s) intended by the respective authors on a case by case basis and this section can offer only a few hints.
Typical usage in North America is a synonym of nonpuerperal mastitis, including the special cases of granulomatous mastitis, comedo mastitis, subareolar abscess with or without squamous metaplasia of lactiferous ducts and fistulation.
Simple duct widening should be carefully distinguished from more complex histological changes.
Pathogenesis.
The duct widening is commonly believed to be a result of secretory stasis, including stagnant colostrum, which also causes periductal inflammation and fibrosis. However because nonspecific duct widening is common it might be also coincidental finding in many processes.
Smokers seem more often affected by duct ectasia "syndrome" although the reported results are not entirely consistent. The correlation with smoking status appears weaker than for subareolar abscess. Correlation with the actual duct widening is not known.
Both duct widening and duct ectasia syndrome are frequently bilateral, hence systemic causes are likely involved.
Symptomatology.
Signs of duct ectasia can include nipple retraction, inversion, pain, and sometimes bloody discharge.
Diagnosis.
Noninvasive methods to determine duct diameter in live patients are available only recently and it is not clear how the results should be compared with older results from biopsies.
Histologically, dilation of the large duct is prominent. Duct widening with associated periductal fibrosis is frequently included in the wastebasket definition of fibrocystic disease.
Duct Ectasia Syndrome.
The term "duct ectasia syndrome" has been used to describe symptoms of nonpuerperal mastitis, possibly associated with nipple inversion and nipple discharge. In some contexts, it was used to describe a particular form of nonpuerperal mastitis coincident with fibrocystic disease, frequently involving pasty (coloured) nipple discharge, nipple retraction, retroareolar abscess and blue dome cysts. Abscessation is not very frequent but by some definitions recurrent subareolar abscess is merely a variant of duct ectasia syndrome - abscessation would be obviously more frequent with this definition.
Duct ectasia syndrome has been associated with histopathological findings that are distinct from a simple duct widening. In addition to nonspecific duct widening the myoepithelial cell layer is atrophic, missing or replaced by fibrous tissue. The original cuboidal epithelial layer may be also severely impaired or missing. Characteristic calcifications are often visible on mammographic images.
Periductal mastitis, comedo mastitis, secretory disease of the breast, plasma cell mastitis and mastitis obliterans are sometimes considered special cases or synonyms of duct ectasia syndrome.
Prognosis.
The condition is usually self-limiting, and thus not indicated for surgery.

</doc>
